
Contents

Title Page
Copyright

The Line of Succession
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten

About Harry F. Rey
Don’t Miss These Great Titles From Deep Desires Press

The Line of Succession

Harry F. Rey

Copyright © 2018 by Harry F. Rey
Cover design copyright © 2018 by Story Perfect Dreamscape

All characters are age 18 and over.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Visit http://www.deepdesirespress.com for more scorching hot erotica and erotic romance.


WIN FREE BOOKS!
Subscribe to our email newsletter to get notified of all our hot new releases, sales, and giveaways! Visit deepdesirespress.com/newsletter to sign up today!

Chapter One

Fifteen years ago
Prince Richard jogged down the steps of Marylebone House into the eye of the storm. Rain lashed at him from every angle and the high winds rocked the trees of the manor’s forest in the distance. The broad staircase that led to the waiting helicopter danced with water. It didn’t bother Richard, but Calista ran after him with her bag clutched high over her head, hoping it could be some defense against the storm.
“Good evening, Your Royal Highness,” Peter said, standing by the waiting helicopter, as unflustered as ever, and hoisting an umbrella over Richard. “We’re ready for you, sir.”
“Good show, old boy.” Richard grinned, then pulled off a leather glove with his teeth. He ran a hand through his wet blond locks, still as bright and thick as ever, even at forty-five.
“Calista,” Richard called back as her high heels tap-danced through the rain, “we have to make an unscheduled stop.” She caught up to him. The rotating blades of the helicopter gave some light relief from the rain and she peeled strands of red hair from her freckled face.
“Richard, no,” she said, clutching her bag under one arm while shaking back the sleeve of her overcoat to look at her watch. “They’re expecting us in Paris in three hours.” The Irish twang in her voice always came out stronger when she got flustered. It had made moving into London’s society life doubly hard. The English aristocracy were deathly afraid that anyone from over there might be an IRA bomber.
“Darling, it’s his birthday. Plus, he rang me earlier and sounded rather upset.” The excuse wasn’t likely to fly with her. “Come on,” he said as he beat Peter to the door handle. “The boys love it when we land an RAF Chinook on the old Eton lawn. You still have the letter?”
She nodded in resignation and patted her bag. “Are you sure you want to tell him this way?”
“Excellent!” Richard exclaimed, ignoring her follow up question and ending any hint of a discussion. As the heir to the throne lunged inside the helicopter, Peter raised a hand to close the umbrella. Calista gave him a look that said don’t mess with a woman in wet heels and he stopped in his tracks, moving the umbrella to shield her, but with his nose as high in the air as he could manage.
Why on earth a butler would think himself above the personal secretary to the next King of England befuddled Calista. Just as much of a mystery as where in her bag she’d put the mobile phone. She held the bag open with both hands and shook it. Her leather-bound day-planner jumped up and she spotted the phone. How something the size of a brick could get lost inside a handbag spelled another of the world’s great riddles.
Calista pulled the antenna up with her teeth, flipped the keypad down, and the phone beeped as she punched in the number. She looked inside the Chinook; Richard had his headphones on already, happily chatting with the pilot. The prince had flown in the Falklands and relished every moment he got with military hardware.
“Hi, it’s me,” Calista said, turning away from the helicopter, and from Peter.
“Aren’t you on your way yet?” Richard’s personal butler, Charles, shrieked through the phone from the hotel suite in Paris.
“Um, not quite… We’re making an unscheduled stop.”
“Oh, for crying out loud! Where now?” She imagined Charles wrapped in one of the Chinese silk dressing gowns he liked to wear after hours so much, stretched out on a chaise lounge in Richard’s suite, nervously gulping down a gin and tonic.
“Eton. Sorry, but what can I do?” She hoped the crackly line would properly convey her complete disregard for his attempt to stir up drama between Richard’s staff, a treasured pastime of Charles.
“Well, don’t forget he’s meant to be opening a new wing of the Louvre tomorrow morning, and I know how you like to keep him up half the night…”
“We’ll be there soon, Charles. Keep your wig on.”
She snapped the phone shut and dropped it back into her bag. She exchanged a curt grimace with Peter and had barely climbed in before the door slammed shut, just missing the tails of her overcoat. Calista wiped the rain from her eyes and buckled in.
Richard grabbed the meat of her leg, quite visible with how far the skirt rode up when she sat down. “Come on, he’ll be thrilled. Poor fellow’s been having a tough time. It’s not easy being fifteen.” Richard patted the pilot on the shoulder. “Take her up, old boy!”
The helicopter pulled up into the rain and the wind and the darkness. Peter remained on the landing pad, watching, as it flew away from Marylebone House. It flew across the lawns, passing the crypt, the stream, and then over the forest that howled in the storm, before disappearing out of sight.
After he could no longer hear the thump of the helicopter through the rain, Peter reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a phone. Carefully, he extended the antenna and tapped in a number from memory.
“Ma’am, it’s done.”

• • •

Present day
Even the walls of the club bathroom thumped with the beat of the music. James loved moments like this; suspended inside the pulse of nights seemingly without end. He ignored the shrieks and giggles of the girls behind him. He bent over the marble around the sink and rolled up a £20 note. Girl’s bathrooms were just so much cleaner for this sort of thing. He liked the image of his grandmother to go up his nose first. Something about the idea of Queen Victoria II doing the snorting herself always made him smile. He devoured the three lines laid out in quick succession, then stood bolt upright and stared into the mirror. The drug rushed through his system, and for a brief moment his father’s face looked back at him in the mirror. The blue eyes were his fathers, the blond hair also the same. Sometimes it felt like Prince Richard wasn’t far away … especially tonight.
Soon, the reality of the ladies’ room of Club Nouveau Riche returned. Girls laughed in the stalls, or fixed their faces after a line or two, or three. James held one nostril, sniffed, then did the other. He gave his nose a tug and ran a hand through his hair.
“Let’s go, ladies!” He whooped to their cheers. A plastic crown made it onto his head and they burst out of the sanctuary of the toilets into the bowels of the club. The dance floor lit up before them, the spotlights lighting up the bar to their back. Giant birthday balloons and velvet banners decorated the club. Ice buckets filled with bottles of Dom Pérignon littered the tables. The Prince’s party had taken over the entire club. This was, without a doubt, the A-list party of the season. It was not just a who’s who of London, but the top flight of the world’s young and moneyed … the friends of Prince James.
In a haze of lights, someone put a glass of champagne in James’ hand. Like a horde, they moved onto the dance floor. The DJ hit it hard and they jumped. Music and drugs pumped through James. He downed the glass and someone replaced it with a bottle. He took a swig from it. Music, drugs, sex … that’s all he needed in life. A line, a drink, a beat, and his friends…. Life is fantastic. Dancing is fantastic. Being rich and popular is fantastic.

• • •

All of this Andrew watched from a booth at the back of the club, like a mother falcon keeping an eye on her young, ready to swoop in any second. He sat surrounded by people talking and drinking, but had long lost interest in their mindless chatter. Andrew wondered how many lines they’d given him in the bathroom. Judging by how hard James danced, it must’ve been at least two. Andrew added it to his mental tally. That makes at least five, including the one at home.
“Andrew, Andrew. Tell me I’m right,” Milly said, tugging on his arm and turning away from Louise. He’d forgotten about them for a moment, and the conversation he’d only partially been paying attention to.
“Of course, you’re right, darling.” Andrew searched for his whisky on the table among the empty cocktail glasses.
“You should’ve slapped him one, really. I’m not joking, Milly. Look at him.” Louise gestured over to the bar with her cocktail glass, pointing out Tim and Freddy, who were laughing over shots.
“I am, like, so finished with Tim. Honestly. I can’t even be bothered anymore. That fucking bitch Lucy, trying to steal my man. This is what happens when someone goes behind my back; I just lose … my … shit,” Milly said, grabbing them both for support.
Andrew gently nudged her off and nodded in polite agreement. He couldn’t care less who the two of them were fucking. But if she thinks it’s only Lucy Tim’s giving it to, she’ll be in for a surprise. He growled under his breath. Distracted while looking over at Tim and Freddy, he had lost James in the crowd.
“I don’t like her, Milly, I’m just putting it out there.”
“Oh my God, she better not think she’s coming with us next month,” Milly said, tugging on Andrew’s jacket again. “Are you coming to Barbs with us?”
“What’s that?” Andrew said, trying to discreetly lift himself off the cushions to catch sight of James. Jesus! How hard is it to spot a six-foot-two blond prince? They’d better not be giving him any more coke. Andrew had promised himself to get James home after six lines, or three bottles of champagne, whichever came first. James couldn't afford too much of a hangover or a come-down on a royal birthday.
“Barbados. Are you and James coming? Everyone’s going to be there.”
“Maybe. I don’t know yet. You know what the schedule’s like. Just really busy, yeah. And why are you even going if Tim’s there?” Andrew said.
Louise gave a snort and glared at Milly. “I have absolutely no idea why. But let’s just remember what the sun does to her hair.”
Milly gave a dismissive hand swish and pulled on Andrew’s cheek.
“I think you went overboard with the eyelash curlers there, darling.”
“Hands to yourselves, ladies,” said Andrew, batting her away. “Anyway, if you really want to get back at Tim, just fuck his boss.” He took a deep drink and relief poured through him as he spotted James on the dance floor, necking champagne.
“Oh yeah, fuck the prime minister? I wouldn’t be taking relationship advice from the likes of you. Who’s the last girl you kept for more than five minutes, eh, Andrew? Those poor bitches.”
“Don’t hate what you ain’t, Louise.”
“You really give James a bad reputation, you know that, right?” Milly piped in. “He’s fucking thirty years old now. He’s going to be the mother-fucking king. The two of you can’t keep hanging out with all those topless slags in bloody Jacuzzis, Andrew. It’s ridiculous.”
“Now, now … I hope the lady doth not protest too much.”
Milly and Louise cackled at the suggestion.
“Eugh, get real,” Milly said, already losing interest in the telling off she’d given him a hundred times before. “Oh fuck, not her.”
Andrew peeled his eyes away from James for a moment to see who Milly meant.
“Ah, her hair. It makes my eyes hurt.” Milly pretended to hide behind Louise, but Andrew felt saved when he saw Lizzie approach the table. Her normally wild red hair had been stunningly pinned up, her short black dress simple and gorgeous. Fuck, she looks fabulous.
“Sorry, girls, I prefer my ladies with a bit of class,” he said, shifting away from them along the curved couch of the booth.
“Yeah, right,” Milly snorted.
Andrew paid them no more attention. Finally, someone I can talk to. He put a hand on the small of Lizzie’s back and pulled her close for a kiss on the cheek.
“Come on, let’s go get a drink. And by drink, I mean a bottle.”
“Thank God,” Lizzie said.
They found an empty table on a raised seating area across the other side of the club. It would normally have been roped off for C-listers, but tonight the entire club played host to VIPs. Still, Andrew enjoyed a quiet sense of superiority. Every guest was here because of him, and they knew who held the power of patronage.
The two of them sipped from a fresh bottle of Dom Pérignon, Lizzie leaned into Andrew’s arm draped across the back of the couch. She talked, still. About something, work maybe. Probably his work, as everyone delighted in telling him how to do his job. But his eyes were locked on James. The future king held the empty champagne bottle he’d finished earlier as a pretend penis, using it to chase girls around the dance floor. Andrew estimated another half an hour before he had to get James into the car, then back home and into bed.

• • •

Fifteen years ago
The boys had snuck into the Eton common room long after they should have been in bed. They had only turned on one lamp, but the noise they’d been making would surely give them away to anyone passing the corridor. Four fifteen-year-old boys working their way through a smuggled bottle of whisky wouldn’t stay unnoticed for long.
“Time for one more toast, gentleman,” Freddy proclaimed, standing atop a leather armchair. Tim, sprawled on the carpeted floor, followed the command and grasped the whisky bottle, filling his own mug up to the brim before reaching over and passing it on to Andrew. “To the future king of England! An all right chap, really. Happy birthday!”
“The king,” the others responded in unison, gulping down the whisky and moments later making sounds of disgust.
“Eugh, I’ll never like whisky,” James said, his legs flapping over the side of an armchair.
“Come on, it’s in your blood,” Freddy responded, sitting back down and refilling his mug.
“Yeah, aren’t you actually Scottish?” Tim asked.
“He’s not Scottish,” Andrew said, sitting on the floor with his back against James’ armchair, defending his prince.
“I was born in London, thanks very much. What about you, Tim? Where you from, Timbuktu? Who knows what your mother is,” Freddy said with a smirk.
“Boys, lets promise to stay together, eh? At least once a year, every royal birthday, we’ll get our future king rip-roaring drunk,” Freddy said, lifting his mug for another toast to cheers from the others.
“Okay, boys, I think that’s enough,” a voice said from the doorway.
“Oh, fuck off, Faisal. We’re just having a few drinks. Oh, wait, Muslims can’t drink, can they?” Tim said, waving his mug at Faisal, still buttoned up in his Eton prefect’s uniform.
“I think that’s a night, fellas. I’m off to see granny in the morning anyway,” James said, making for the door. He kept his eyes down, avoiding Faisal’s gaze, and pushed passed him into the corridor.
Tim stuffed the whisky bottle up his shirt and they rearranged the furniture in the common room as Faisal watched over from the doorway.
“Night then, lads,” Faisal said with as much authority as a seventeen-year-old could muster over fifteen-year-olds.
Freddy waited till they had left the common room and he was sure Faisal had disappeared. “He should just be glad he’s not back in Saudi. At least here he can drink.” Andrew and Tim sniggered. “Don’t forget, I’ll be skinning you at rugby tomorrow, right, Andy?” Freddy said.
“Yeah, let’s see how you handle your balls with a hangover, mate,” Andrew said, waving them off and heading in the opposite direction. He only realized now how drunk he’d got. His fingers ran along either side of the wood paneled walls to keep himself steady, with only hints of moonlight from a window somewhere to guide him. He climbed up stairs and tiptoed past rooms of sleeping Eton students, following the route almost by heart.
Finally, he reached the right door and gave it a soft tap with his fingertips. It opened almost immediately, and a block of soft lamplight spilled out into the corridor. James stood on the other side in his boxer shorts and greeted Andrew with the cheeky smile that had kept him sneaking around almost every night for three weeks. Nothing had yet gone beyond comparing sizes, but Andrew hoped tonight might be different. Andrew silently moved inside the bedroom and the door closed, cutting off the light again and plunging Faisal back into the shadows where he stood and watched.

• • •

Present day
“Another one?” Andrew asked Lizzie, refilling his own champagne glass. Lizzie sighed and leaned back into the couch.
“Why not?” She held out her glass and Andrew emptied the bottle into it. “He looks like he’s having a good time,” she said, gesturing over to James on the dance floor. “The empty champagne bottle as penis dance routine seems to have caught on.”
“Yeah, well, he’s got about half an hour left of it. He’s got a hell of a day tomorrow.”
“Oh? Not just because of…?” Lizzie said, taking a brief sip.
“No. Not that. Well, not just that. Breakfast with mum, tea with granny, and a balcony appearance with the sister.”
“Oh God … poor guy.” She took another sip and they both gazed at James, marveling at his ability to simply enjoy himself no matter what the situation. “Will there be anything in the papers tomorrow?”
“I hope not,” Andrew said, necking the rest of his glass.
“Seriously? It’s his thirtieth, sorry, their thirtieth, you might’ve done something, A glossy pull-out in one of the tabloids maybe. I told you we’d have put him on our cover if you’d only asked. Really, Andrew, you’re the damn press secretary.”
“Darling, that means keeping him out of the papers,” he replied, reaching for a second bottle chilling in an ice bucket while Lizzie rolled her eyes.
“Andrew, Andrew! How are you?” a voice called out.
“Oh, hi, Magda.” Andrew stood up half-heartedly and bent down to give her an air kiss on each cheek. Her petite, almost breakable frame was clad in the shortest of black dresses that could’ve doubled for lingerie on a catwalk. Her dark hair was pulled up in a severe bun, exposing the diamonds dangling from her ears. She looked like something that would shatter if dropped into hot water.
Lizzie attempted to shake her hand, but Magda squeezed in beside Andrew on the couch, and turned her back to Lizzie. Her slightness took up a lot of space. A young looking blonde girl stood at the side of their table, looking like a little mouse too stupid to know she’d been trapped by a cat.
“Tell me, darling. Will you be coming to Milan for fashion week?” Magda asked.
“Oh, no. Sorry. We’ll be in South America for the month.”
“Oh, poo. I wanted to show you my new dresses.”
Andrew popped open the second bottle and glared at what she wore.
“Conservative this season, are they?”
Magda ignored the jibe. Lizzie had given up trying to be involved in the conversation.
“And what will you two be doing in South America?”
“Very little, as it happens.”
“Andrew, do you ever do any work?” Magda enquired, draping her skeletal arm across his shoulder.
“Darling, this is work,” he said, gesturing to the rest of the club. “And how are the rest of the Hapsburgs, Magda? Give my regards to uncle Franz Ferdinand, will you?”
Magda scoffed and gestured to the blonde girl to come over.
“Well, Andrew, I want you to meet someone.”
The girl approached cautiously. She looked so out of place in a soft-blue puffy dress, like a tiny fish lost in a school of sharks … or a Disney princess at a leather bar.
“Now, who’s this?” Andrew asked, trying to be as nice as he could.
“This is Princess Katyn of Sweden,” Magda said with pride, as if finding a fresh young royal should be worthy of an Olympic gold medal.
“Ah, of course, the youngest daughter to King Sven. A pleasure indeed.” Andrew offered her a hand and pulled her in for a kiss on either cheek. Katyn giggled and squeezed herself onto the edge of the couch beside Andrew. “Now, Sweden is a real country, unlike Austria-Hungary.”
“Yes!” Katyn giggled. “Sweden is very much real.”
“And how is your fine brother?”
“Oh, Olaf’s fine. Daddy sent him to America to be a cultural ambassador. He’s having a great time. I think he’s in San Francisco now.”
“I bet he is,” Andrew said, trying not to let memory distract him. “Do tell him I said hello.”
“Oh, I will. He might be coming to London soon. Anyway, what a great party!”
An awkward bubble of silence surrounded them, pierced by the thumping music, shrieks from the dance floor, and the chatter of half-heard words and conversations around them. It became quite apparent just how odd this foursome felt.
“Come on, Katyn,” Magda said, her bony hand grabbing the Swedish princess and pulling her away.
“Bye,” Katyn managed to get out. “Nice to meet you both!”
Lizzie shuffled back to Andrew on the couch.
“Fucking hell,” she said, refilling their glasses. “What’s she like?”
“Which one? The Wicked Witch of the East or Princess Scarecrow-brain?”
“How does he even know all these weirdoes?” Lizzie asked.
“Well, over there are the rich kids we hang out with in Monaco,” Andrew replied, pointing with the tip of his glass to a corner of the club where the tables were covered in vodka bottles. “They’re mainly your gilded Euro-trash, of course … Nouveau Riche.”
“Appropriate name.”
“Trust me, the irony is long lost on them. Over there near where Louise and Milly are sitting are some of the classier sort. The Kensington set, some deposed royals. I think you’ll remember, who was it, the Duke of Tuscany?” Andrew winked and nudged Lizzie in the side.
“Sweetheart, you didn’t see his salami.”
“Now, over there are the ones from the party circuits; Berlin, New York, Sydney. The ones at the other side of the bar are based out of Switzerland or Hong Kong, for tax purposes, of course.”
“And they all come just for this?” she asked.
“It’s the thirtieth birthday! Event of the season, darling. Plus…”
“Plus, you two spend your time flitting around the globe hanging out with this lot, so you have to keep them happy with a big royal bash every so often.”
Andrew lifted his glass and clinked it against Lizzie’s.
“Exactly. I’m surprised you don’t know more of them. You’re his cousin after all.”
“Like, third cousins. The Earl and Countess of Windsor aren’t what they used to be. Anyway, I never really got invited to these things before I started hanging around with you.”
Over on the dance floor, James’ friends fed him shots, rather unsuccessfully. He staggered around and grabbed onto the bar for support.
“Oh, fuck,” Andrew said, jumping off the couch and downing the glass of champagne in one. “That’s my cue. Bye, darling.”
“Bye, good luck tomorrow.”
He kissed her quickly on both cheeks and rushed off across the club. He squeezed through the throng on the dance floor to James, who greeted him with a cheer and gave him a drunken hug.
“Come on, your royal highness, time to get you home.” The half dozen girls surrounding James booed and tried to pull him back. James pouted, but didn’t put up a fight. Even in his drunken, hyped-up state, James knew who was boss. The two burly plainclothes royal protection officers who’d been sipping soft drinks all night arrived to help bundle James and Andrew through the crowd. As they made it to the fire escape, James turned around and gave one final whoop, punching his fist in the air. Everyone in the club turned at that moment and gave James a cheer and he soaked up every last drop of their adulation.

• • •

The black limousine waited for them in the lane behind the club. A royal protection officer stepped out of the car and helped Andrew put the drunken prince inside.
“Thanks, Frank. That’s it, just take him by the left side,” Andrew said, as Frank lowered James into the back of the car. Andrew nipped around to the other side as Frank buckled James in, then got into the front of the car himself. The driver accelerated just as Andrew slammed the black Mercedes door shut; the other two plainclothes officers followed them in the car behind.
Andrew gazed out of the tinted window as they sped through the deserted streets and orange glow of early morning London. As the car drove down The Mall, Union Jacks flapped from the lampposts in a windy salute to the dozing prince. The car drove around the roundabout outside Buckingham Palace, passing a few dozen royal watchers camped out in deck chairs behind steel barricades, waiting for tomorrow’s royal balcony appearance. Andrew smiled as the campers noticed the cars. They raised their flasks of tea and waved, and the driver gave an appreciative honk of the horn in return.
No doubt they’ll be singing “God Save the Queen” from now till morning. The depth of feeling for the royals in the hearts of the British public never ceased to amaze Andrew. They had a grizzly respect for the tough aloofness of Queen Victoria II, but a seemingly endless amount of patience for James. Over the years, his image had transformed from poor child, to tearaway teen, to high-spirited twenty something, to charming globe-trotter, to beloved bachelor. Through it all, the critical headlines and scandalous photos, the public had remained behind him. It gave Andrew hope. Hope that someday they might be able to put up with a little bit more of a surprise.
The car turned into their home of Clarence House, and James fell onto Andrew’s shoulder, waking himself up.
“Come on then, sweetie. We’re home.”
The central London mansion had been the official home of Prince Richard. Now it belonged to James. Andrew helped him up the stairs and into their bedroom. James had already started to undo his belt.
“I want you,” James said, grabbing Andrew’s face and shoving his tongue deep inside.
“I’ve been waiting for this all night.” Andrew kissed him back and plunged his hands into James’ pants, rubbing his hardening cock. James kicked off his shoes and pulled off his shirt. He fished inside his trouser pocket and pulled out a small bag of cocaine.
“You still have some left?” Andrew asked and James nodded, grinning. “I’m surprised. Thought those bitches would have hoovered it all up.”
“Nope,” James said, kissing Andrew’s neck. “Saved some for us.”
They kissed again as Andrew scrambled to undo his own belt and whipped his cock out. His hands then returned to James, pulling his boxers down. James turned and dropped face-down onto the grand mahogany four poster bed and kicked off the rest of his clothes. Andrew popped open the small plastic bag of cocaine and dabbed the last of the powder onto his cock. Carefully, he angled down to James, lying flat on his stomach, now completely naked, holding his ass cheeks apart.
“Ready?”
“Give it to me, Andrew, fuck me hard.”

• • •

Later, they lay naked and entangled on the bed, the room dark and smelling of sex. Andrew leaned over and glanced at his phone on the bedside table. Two-twenty.
Andrew kissed James’ cheek. “Hey, sweetie. Time to go to sleep.” James stirred from his doze and kissed Andrew back.
“Mmm … okay. I love you so much. Thank you for the perfect birthday.”
“You’re welcome. I love you too.”
“Love you more,” James said, looking through the dark into Andrew’s eyes and giving a long, hard sigh. “If only things were different.”
“What d’you mean?”
“I just wish … I don’t know. We were other people. Just two ordinary guys, and, you know, in love. I think about it sometimes. Every morning we’d sit and have coffee together, in some kitchen in some street no one cares about. I’d be a teacher I think, a primary teacher. You’d be working in PR with a high-flying agency, you’re so smart.” James kissed him again. “Then every night we’d cook dinner together, watch TV, see our friends at the pub. Take the dog for a walk. Go to the shops and the cinema. And that … that would be our life. Then things would be wonderful.”
Andrew maneuvered the covers over James’ naked body. His eyes were already closed and his breathing soft. “It does sound wonderful, my love. Goodnight.”

• • •

Fifteen years ago
Captain Archibald Agnew could be described as a man after his time. He had known, from his youngest memories, that he would never best his father’s heroic war record. The memory of Major Archibald Agnew, Sr. had been lionized in his son’s mind, forever to be known as the man who helped chase Rommel across the desert, fighting tooth and nail with the Desert Rats before gloriously sacrificing his own life on the sands of El Alamein. In fact, the Victoria Cross, presented posthumously to his grieving mother, had never strayed far from Archibald’s side.
It gazed at him now, in the darkness of the headmaster’s study through the glint of the cabinet in the corner. The moonlight from the window caught the sheen of the small silver cross, and sliced through the darkness Archibald now found himself in. Becoming headmaster of Eton had given Archibald the opportunity to be the kind of father he’d never had to countless hundreds of boys, future leaders of the country. Archibald rested back in his chair and replaced the telephone receiver even though the other person had long since hung up.
He had never been troubled by his father’s untimely passing … never been bitter or even truly sad. His mother had remarried after the war, and he’d practically had a free pass into Sandringham thanks to the memory of a man he barely remembered. The amount of men Archibald had known who’d been terrible fathers, or who’d had terrible ones thrust upon them and found themselves repeating the cycle were too many to count. Perhaps it would be better to grow up without one at all than with a bad one.
Archibald leaned forward in his chair, reaching out through the darkness to grab onto the desk, in an attempt and pull himself up. As much as he tried, he found he could not. The lies he told himself were useless. A tear ran down his cheek, the sensation so alien that he imagined it must be blood. Prince Richard had been the best damn father he could ever have imagined for a boy like James. The tears were real.

Chapter Two

Present day
The alarm bleeped, bleeped, then bleeped again. Alexandra reached an arm out from under the covers, hoping to smack the clock in just the right place. She got it first time. She yawned and stretched. As she pulled the covers away from her face, she noticed a glaring space in the bed where her husband should be.
The alarm clock said six-thirty. A few bars of London sun filtered through the curtains. She pushed herself up in bed and reached for the remote control. Now had come the time, now had come the day. She tried not to let the heavy years of waiting for this moment make her nervous. Turning thirty she couldn’t care less about. There were other things on her mind. Alexandra turned on the news.
“A concert later this evening will celebrate the birthday of their royal highnesses, Prince James and Princess Alexandra. The royal family will also attend a private memorial service this afternoon in memory of the late Prince of Wales, Prince Richard, who was so tragically killed in a helicopter crash fifteen years ago today.”
Alexandra noticed she hadn’t taken a breath.
“Now, more allegations about Prince James’ private life have hit the headlines this morning.”
Her breath came back, and she sank into the pillow, feeling every goose feather inside it.
“I’m joined by our royal correspondent, David Humphrey. David, what are the papers saying?”
“Well, we are very used to the stories and pictures in the tabloids showing off the rather party boy lifestyle that Prince James, the so-called Playboy Prince, is known to lead. Of course, many royal observers and much of the public have been waiting for the day he would eventually grow out of his lavish lifestyle, settle down at some point and, crucially, produce an heir.”
“So, what’s changed today?”
“Several reports in the newspaper are quoting an unnamed palace official who says there is growing concern that James has never had a serious girlfriend and that he’s never even brought someone home to meet the family. Some are saying it’s a bit unusual for a man who is now thirty years old to still be single with no serious prospects.”
“But, David, hasn’t the Prince been linked to numerous women … often models, actresses and socialites … over the years?”
The day’s headlines splashed across the screen as the two reporters talked: Playboy Prince can’t find a girl. 30 and still single? Will James EVER marry? One million dead as brutal Syria bloodshed continues. Alexandra’s concentration from the screen didn’t waver. She didn’t even notice the creak of the bedroom door.
“Of course, we frequently see rather racy pictures from the paparazzi of the Prince and his entourage. Only last month came those rather embarrassing pictures of Prince James sunbathing naked on a yacht in Monaco with a number of friends. There’s no doubt the Prince is quite the ladies’ man, but perhaps this is an attempt in some royal circles to encourage him to think about the line of succession, particularly as the Queen will turn ninety this year…”
“Now!” the voice from the door said as it flew open. Her husband Faisal stood there smiling in his silk dressing gown, his black hair quiffed from sleep. Beneath him stood the lights of her life, Hassan and Jasmine, clutching a breakfast tray between them, although she breathed a sigh of relief to notice Faisal holding the coffee percolator.
“Happy birthday, mummy,” Hassan said, beaming at her.
“Happy birv-day, mummy!” Jasmine screamed. Faisal leaned down and kissed them both on each cheek. With one hand, he took the breakfast tray from them. How beautiful they all are. And how much they look like their father. When her children ran to the bed and jumped on top, she embraced them both in a bear hug.
“Mummy, mummy, look! I made you a card.”
“Oh, thank you, Jasmine. It’s beautiful. Mummy is going to put it right here, okay?” She leaned over and placed it on the nightstand. One eye flicked to the TV. The reporters had moved on to talking about the party planned for the evening, and, of course, the guest list. Only a bloody thirtieth birthday can push Syria off the front page. She turned it off.
“Don’t worry,” Faisal said as he sat on the bed and kissed her on the cheek, “I supervised all breakfast making activities.”
“Yes, well, I thought it was rather a lot of initiative for a six- and eight-year-old,” Alexandra said. A knowing wink to her husband confirmed that she knew he was the architect of this plan.
“Mummy,” Hassan said while laying across her legs, “Daddy said he’ll tell Janey we can have pizza tonight when you’ll be out at the party.”
“Oh, did he now? Well, I’ll just have to make you eat boiled cabbage instead,” she said, grabbing them both in a hug as they squealed.
“No, daddy said only if you two behave,” Faisal said with a sly smile at his children. “Now go get dressed and let mummy eat in peace.” The children climbed off the bed and ran out. Faisal poured a cup of coffee and she looked at him with a sense of objective pride at just how much he could love his children.
“What was the news saying?” he asked as he handed the coffee to her. She took a sip and smiled.
“The lack of a girlfriend concerns them.” Alexandra let the words float through the air, waiting for him to breathe them in, give them acknowledgement, and, finally, offer the approval of her plan he’d held back on till now.
Faisal buttered a croissant, took a bite, and handed the rest to her. “It’s a truth,” he said, swallowing, “universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.”
“They taught you Jane Austen at Eton?” Alexandra asked with a giggle of surprise. Her husband was full of them.
Faisal shook his head. “From our English teacher in Saudi. He always said reading the classics is the best way to learn the proper language. That’s why I can move in such high circles, m’lady.” He kissed her hand and she laughed, feeling his support, even if unspoken, wrap around her. “I have a little something.” Faisal pulled out a jewelry box from his robe pocket and handed it to her. She opened it up and gasped.
“Oh, Faisal, it’s beautiful.” She took it out and looked closely at the silver chain studded with jewels. Between each pearl lay a diamond, and, at the center, a bright blue sapphire in the shape of a heart.
“It’s The Heart of Aden. I had to ask the King, of course, but he’ll be delighted to see his favorite daughter-in-law with the most beautiful piece of jewelry in Arabia.” He leaned in and kissed her. Gently, he took the necklace and opened the clasp. “I think I’ll have you wearing just that later,” Faisal said as he placed it around her neck. Alexandra pulled him in close and they embraced again. “Come on, Alex, you have the Red Cross in an hour.”
“Let’s be quick then,” Alexandra said, now wearing nothing but the necklace.

• • •

Sunlight burst into the royal bedroom and splashed over Andrew’s face. Charles had arrived, pulling back the curtains with an audible air of disagreement far too early for Andrew to handle. He squinted awake, then flipped himself over, away from the sunlight and Charles’ pottering around the bedroom like a parody of a butler. James had already left. Andrew thought about getting up, but he lay naked under the sheet; although the man who ran the house had seen both of them in far worse states.
Charles’ muttering became louder. I guess he wants to say something.
“Morning, Charles,” Andrew grumbled. No answer … Andrew turned back over and noticed no cup on the bedside table. “What, no tea?” Charles shot him a dirty look as he picked up clothes scattered across the bedroom floor.
“You let him get into a right old state last night, so you did.”
“What?” Andrew said, feeling hurt. “No, I didn’t. We were back at, like, one thirty.”
“And what did you get up to after, eh?” Charles said, picking up a cup and saucer from a tray he had brought in, walking it over to Andrew’s bedside table. “I saw him this morning and he looked right out of sorts.” The tea cup clattered down and some spilled out onto the saucer.
“I told you not to let him get like that,” Charles continued, carrying on with his business of sorting through their clothes strewn all over the floor in his perfectly pressed butler’s uniform. “I told you. You said ‘no, no, it’s more important he has his fun.’ Andrew knows best. Now he can barely function. And with the day he has … no. I’m not going to keep going on about it. There are bigger handbags to flap today.”
“Okay, then. Sorry,” Andrew said, sitting up in bed and sipping the half of the tea that remained in the cup. “Papers arrive?” If it had been possible, Charles’ mood got even darker and his look even colder. Andrew nearly ended the sentence with “your majesty”, which is how he and James referred to Charles — whenever he wasn’t around, at least. He’s the real old queen of the palace.
Charles marched over to the tray he had brought the tea in with, picked up a stack of newspapers, marched back to the bed, and dropped them squarely on Andrew’s lap. Andrew unfurled the first of the pile to reveal a full-page paparazzi shot of James standing alone on a deserted Bahamian beach in sunglasses and swimming shorts, hands on his hips, gazing into an empty ocean. Andrew remembered that moment perfectly. He’d watched from the window of their luxury hut on their own private beach as the roar of speedboats cut through the idyllic waters, resort security chasing off a pack of photographers.
Single, but looking? The headline blared in bold. Scandalous reports on the Royal Twins’ big day claim Prince James has never had a real relationship, or even a girlfriend to introduce to the family. Despite being linked to numerous models, singers, and actresses over the years, it seems James still prefers that swinging single life of non-stop parties and boys’ weekends to the seriousness of his duties.
“Oh God. Oh my God. Oh my fucking God, Charles, did you see these? What the hell is going on?”
“It’s not my department.”
“Charles! Help me here,” Andrew whined. Charles was their mother hen, running around after them and keeping Clarence House the peaceful sanctum that let their relationship work. An old queen himself, Charles had owed some unsaid, unbending loyalty to Prince Richard that had transferred wholesale to his son. If anyone knew how to solve a problem like this, it was Charles.
“Well, instead of just lying there why don’t you get out of bed and do something about it?” Charles finished collecting the clothes and headed straight for the door. “You better fix this, Andrew. It’s on you.” The door slammed behind him.
“How was I to know?” Andrew called out, but too late. He opened one of the tabloids to reveal a double-paged picture of James and him, side by side on two sun loungers. James lay on his stomach and Andrew had just finished applying bronzer to his bare lower back. His hand touching the top of James’ ass. The headline read: What would the rest of us want to ask our thirty-year old, perennially-single son?
“Fuck.”

• • •

James yawned as he tried to get comfortable on the wicker couch in his mother’s conservatory. It wasn’t easy when bits of wicker kept poking him in the back through the cushions. He squirmed so much his shin whacked against the coffee table.
“Ouch,” he said to no one, with growing frustration.
The small television played on mute in the corner, silently displaying the news, which he wasn’t paying attention to.
Why does everything in his house has to be so overstuffed like she’s salvaged it from the Titanic? James smiled as he remembered what Andrew used to say every time he’d been here: It’s like Bette and Joan’s retirement home, except with half the residents and twice the bickering.
“Here we are,” Princess Alice said, his mother sweeping into the conservatory in a silk dressing gown as if descending a marble staircase. She carried a tray that looked ready to topple with the weight of stuff on it.
“Are you entertaining for five, mummy?” James asked her with the eye roll reserved exclusively for his mother.
Alice ignored him as she placed the tray down on the coffee table and sat beside him on a wicker chair. She began to take items off the tray; a plate of croissants, a pot of jam, another pot of jam, butter, and china tea cups.
“Of course, I’ve not heard a peep from the palace about the arrangements till quite at the last minute, but it was the same even when your father was alive.” She poured him tea and put the cup in front of him.
“Mum,” he tried to interject, hoping to slow down her freight train-like conversational style that threatened to break his already splitting head in two.
“And I’m bringing Samuel tonight,” she continued. “He’s flying in special. I know she won’t even meet him, but it’s about time he gets to know the rest of the family, don’t you think? We’re talking about marriage, but I guess it will have to wait till your granny’s kicked the—”
“Mum,” he said through gritted teeth, wondering why the prescription painkiller Charles had left on his bedside table hadn’t yet kicked in.
“What? Your sister gets on perfectly well with him. She took the whole family to his house in Miami last year … even brought along old Uncle Abdul, or whatever the crown prince is called. Honestly, James, I don’t know why you two wouldn’t get along. You love Miami—”
“Palm Beach. And mum—” She glared back at him, the silver spoon clanging against the china tea cup with a ding harsher than Big Ben.
“Oh, yes. Happy birthday. I know. I already called your sister this morning to wish her one too and invited her for breakfast, but, no, she was rushing off to some Red Cross something or other, too busy to say hello, as usual.”
“Mum!” James called out, a little too loudly. He clasped a hand to his forehead and massaged his temples in a vain attempt to not feel like death warmed up in a microwave.
“What?”
“I wanted coffee.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
Alice took his cup away and padded back into the kitchen. James continued to ignore the TV and glanced out into the garden behind him. In places like this, he felt perfectly secluded. Of course the feeling of being rather too safe often led to one letting one’s guard down. He saw the shed at the back of the garden where he and Andrew used to…
“Here we are,” Alice said, sitting back down and placing a mug of coffee in front of him with Victoria II Regina. 70 years on the throne stamped around the royal coat of arms. “The papers weren’t very kind to you today.”
“Oh?” James said, taking a sip and feeling a sense of humanity rush through his veins “I try not to pay too much attention.”
“Well, I know you don’t, darling, but someone should. What’s Andrew doing about it, hmm? Honestly, darling, I know he’s your best friend, but he’s utterly useless as a press secretary. He seems to be the cause of half the trouble you get into.”
“Mum, leave it.” At least she knew better than to lather on the criticism of Andrew these days.
“All right, all right. What does your mother know? But, Jamie … Granny is ninety this year. I know that old dreadnought seems indestructible, and, please God, she won’t last forever. But what are you going to do then?”
“Dunno,” James said, staring down into his mug. It was just like so many talks before … from her, from granny, from every single person connected to the damn family for the last fifteen years. “Guess I’ll be king then.”
“Oh, and as king you’ll just what, go on dates? Jamie, darling, people are worried. I mean, of course, I’m very fond of your sister’s family, but, well, you know the situation. It took all of my power just to make sure your blessed grandmother didn’t cut the children out of the line of succession.” Alice paused, her legs crossed, her tea cupped perfectly in both hands. She may have started out as a commoner, but palace intrigue and innuendo suited her. “I’ve told you a million times we can set you up with plenty of actually intelligent women, ones you would like. Not these … these sluts you and Andrew—”
“Mum!” That particular word out of her mouth felt like salt in a sugar bowl; so unbecoming of the title she’d been desperate to cling on to.
“Well, what else would you call topless girls bow-legged on a yacht or fawning all over you and Andrew in a jacuzzi?” She reached out and put a hand on his shoulder, but instantly pulled it away again and reached for the remote control. “Oh, look, he’s on the telly.”
“What?” James had his mug halfway to his mouth. Andrew sat right there in the news studio, smiling blankly at the camera.
“Good,” Alice said, examining the remote for the volume button. “Maybe he’ll get out there and start defending you for once.”
James could only stare on in horror.
“And now we’re joined by Prince James’ press secretary, Mr. Andrew Hodes. Mr. Hodes, you and the Prince have been friends for a long time. Is he now thinking of settling down?”
“Well, look. Nice to be here, firstly. But the Prince is a young man.”
“Even at thirty?”
“Yes, David. Even at thirty. The prince takes his role very seriously, and he is an excellent ambassador for British culture and trade all around the world. You know, the fashion industry, film, theater … James has been instrumental in generating billions for the British economy.”
“But Mr. Hodes, what about his personal life?”
“Well, you just said it, didn’t you. It’s his personal life.”
“But it’s no secret that many in the Palace, in the government, even the Queen herself, have expressed much concern in recent years about this playboy lifestyle that the heir to the throne seems to lead. And with the public still very much divided over the possibility of having royals with Saudi heritage in the line of succession, don’t you think Prince James’ private life is of national importance?”
“Look … look, these stories. I mean tabloids love to … The Prince has been … There are relationships. Of course there have been. Many significant people are in the Prince’s life. It’s not all what gets splashed over the front page, David.”
“So, are you saying the Prince is seeing someone? That the reports in the newspapers this morning are wrong?”
James couldn’t feel his legs. Or his hands, or face. Just the rapid pounding of his heart, feeling like it could be seconds away from exploding. He had no choice but to wait for the bomb to tick to its inevitable end.
“It’s not for me to say, of course. But, yes. The newspaper reports this morning are sensational and, frankly, incorrect. This anonymous source really has no idea what she, or he, of course, what they, are talking about. The Prince has someone significant in his life. And these things take time. Meeting the family is always a big step, especially when that family happens to include millions of Commonwealth citizens, but we’re very confident, I must say. Very hopeful. But as I am sure we can all appreciate, these things cannot be rushed.”
“So, Mr. Hodes, if she is that significant, will she be attending the birthday concert this evening, whomever she may be?”
James knew exactly the look on Andrew’s face when he felt trapped. Andrew blinked twice, pulled on his earlobe, and opened his mouth to speak. James closed his eyes and held his breath.
“Well, I mean, I guess it’s not really much of a secret anymore, so why not. She’ll be coming along tonight, I’m sure. I know his royal highness is very excited to introduce them, um her, to extended family and friends, and of course let the British people get to know, ah her.”
“Well, we all look forward to seeing her. Andrew Hodes, thank you very much.”
Alice turned off the television. James noticed his mouth still hung open and his knuckles had gone white. He closed his mouth and tried to breathe.
“Well, that’s just typical, isn’t it? You never tell your mum anything.”

Chapter Three

Princess Alexandra brushed her fingers against the spot on her neck where the necklace had been earlier. She sat at the head of the polished mahogany conference table, strewn with papers and coffee cups, trying not to zone out as the twenty other members of the Red Cross board argued and discussed the agenda, yet still made little progress.
Fondly, she remembered when she first laid eyes on the necklace, on her very first visit to Riyadh, when her and Faisal were dating. Faisal, the long-forgotten eighth son of the King had little hope of ever making it to the top in Saudi Arabia. His ideas about equal rights and parliamentary democracy would never be realized. The kingdom would never be his. He’d also eschewed the love for fast cars, money, and models of his elder brothers in favor of studious scholarship at Oxford, where they had met.
Yet, there had been one thing, one part of the Saudi monarchy he’d wanted more than anything to take away, The Heart of Aden. She remembered like yesterday the day he’d taken her around his palace, down into the vaults beneath the sand-line and shown her the treasure-trove. During her briefest of moments alone with the King, he’d talked all about the sapphire, and its alleged origins as a favorite of the Queen of Sheba, having been given to her as a gift by King Solomon himself.
Perhaps it was a fondness for his youngest son, or perhaps the idea of proximity to British royalty had caused King Abdullah to take a shine to her. Should you marry my son, he’d told her, your heart shall have whatever of my kingdom it so desires.
“That’s the thing. Funding isn’t so much the problem with Syria anymore. No government is interested in a political solution. What do you think, ma’am?”
Alexandra fell out of her daydream with a thump, back into the corporate surroundings of the Red Cross board room.
“I think,” said the slight Asian woman sitting next to her, an MP that Alexandra always recognized but whose name she could never remember, “that more pressure needs to be put on the international community. Perhaps if, for example, the Jordanians, or the Saudis, could be convinced to hold a peace conference, the main actors would come to the table.” The MP left her statement hanging in the air with a long, hard look at Alexandra.
Before she could answer, the boardroom doors swung open and the staff from the office began singing Happy Birthday while carrying a very large, Red Cross-shaped cake. The mood of the whole room changed in an instant. Everyone rose to their feet, singing to her as the staff poured in. Someone cleared off the papers in front of her and the cake was laid down. Alexandra blushed. They finished singing and she held her hair back, leaned forward and blew out the two candles shaped as a three and a zero. Someone popped a champagne cork and a loud cheer arose from the room.
The board meeting turned quickly into a party, as drinks were poured, cakes cut, and snacks brought out. Alexandra chit-chatted for over an hour, feeling relaxed and at ease in an environment where she could talk global politics without causing an international incident. As she planned to leave, the MP who’d been stalking her all morning approached.
“Happy birthday, ma’am,” she said with a disarming smile. Alexandra, while less than five-foot-nine, towered over her. She should have looked up her name, but now seemed a little late to ask … and a little awkward to go and check the agenda to see.
“Thank you, and thank you for the party. It’s wonderful.”
The MP smiled back weakly … clearly she came with something on her mind. “You’re welcome. I just wanted to say you’re doing a fantastic job. Honestly, you’ve done more than most politicians to keep Syria on the agenda.”
“Well, it’s just a horrible situation. Anything I can do…”
“You could do more.”
“Excuse me?” For a moment Alexandra swore she’d misheard her.
“You don’t speak out publicly … about anything. We never hear from you, ma’am. You’re doing all this fantastic stuff behind the scenes, but the public doesn’t know who you are. All we ever hear about you is as someone’s sister, or daughter, or wife. You could be — should be — one of the most important women in the world, but you’re stuck in the shadows. You let him hog all the spotlight.”
“I’m sorry, who are you, again?”
“Zia Wajid, ma’am. Labour MP for Birmingham Northfield.” She offered out a hand, which Alexandra clasped lightly.
“Of course you are. Well, nice to see you again.” Alexandra began to leave, but Zia cut in front of her.
“Ma’am, please understand I don’t mean any disrespect, but your brother is completely unfit to be king. And I’m not the only one in Parliament who thinks so.”
“You know,” Alexandra said, trying to laugh it all off, “not so long ago, that would’ve been considered treason.”
“We aren’t living in the middle ages anymore. We have a multicultural Britain, so why shouldn’t we have a multicultural, mixed-race royal family?”
Alexandra did her best to turn away and not confront the issue, just as she had desperately tried to avoid it for all these years. Faisal had done everything he possibly could to “fit in” with the upper echelons of the British establishment. Head of the Cricket Association, converted to Anglicanism, renounced his Saudi citizenship and any claim to the throne, not to mention the years at Eton and Oxford. He’s more the Englishman than most other royals have been the last three hundred years. Yet still, the prospect of him or their children getting anywhere near the throne horrified more of the country than she cared to think about.
Of course, back when they’d married, no one had seriously expected James to remain without issue. Queen Victoria had consented to their marriage under that condition, and that Alexandra would do everything in her power to ensure James produced an heir whilst Victoria still lived. Granddaughter had rather forced grandmother into such an agreement, however. Alexandra promised that should she be thrown overboard because of whom she wanted to marry, she would quite happily take the ship down with her. Victoria knew the trouble Alexandra could cause, so a deal had been struck and the peace had been kept, till now.
“Ma’am, please. You represent everything good about the royals. Think about the impact that you’d have as queen; for women, for minorities. Be a bridge of peace to the Muslim world.”
“Well, Miss Wajid, it was very nice to see you again. Goodbye.”
Alexandra pushed herself out of the board room with casual smiles and curt nods. She was a familiar face, one which they were accustomed to disappearing at a moment’s notice. Back in the smooth gray walls of the empty corridor she took a breath, stealing a moment of solitude.
The question of why Zia Wajid had chosen today of all days to bring up such a subject bothered her like a loose thread. The plans had been stitched together so carefully in her mind. One wrong move from a hothead could cause everything to unravel. Yet the thought that others, particularly in parliament, had come to the same conclusion Alexandra had so many years ago intrigued her too. Perhaps things would be able to move quicker, if there was already a well of public support to rely on.
Alexandra closed her eyes for a moment and shook away the thought. It wasn’t one for today, and it would be dangerous to think too many moves ahead when there was still so much more work to be done. The trap had only just been set. She chewed away the grin that threatened to burst across her face, finding her composure again. Day one, she reminded herself. Move one.

• • •

Andrew practically ran down the street, clutching his phone. The quiet mid-morning streets of London at least gave some refuge to a man seeking to hide from everyone. The phone rang.
“Lizzie, thank fuck. What took you so long?” He breathed out like he’d just surfaced from a deep-water dive, but now found himself bobbing around an empty sea. Lizzie, the one friend who knew everything, the only friend he could truly rely on, had always been his life boat in stormy waters. He needed her to rescue him now more than ever.
“Jesus, what are you playing at?” she screamed.
“I don’t know! I didn’t mean it to come out like that, I just wanted to get them off his back for a bit. Did you see the bloody papers? Now he won’t answer his fucking phone.” He passed by a news agent proudly displaying those horrendous headlines, with pictures of the Prince looking lost and alone splashed across the front pages. Andrew shuddered at the thought of tomorrow’s headlines when no girlfriend appeared. He wanted to stop and be sick, but the street had become a conveyor belt of his worst nightmares that he couldn’t get off.
“Are you surprised? Andrew, you just told the whole world they can expect to see his fucking serious fucking girlfriend tonight, you fucking idiot.”
The little ding of the bell from the news agent’s door snatched his attention from Lizzie. A middle-aged man in a flat cap stepped out, his round, ruddy face buried in the tabloid, soaking up all the juicy speculation. A long honk from a taxi’s horn flicked Andrew’s head to the street. The black cab nearly crashed into a woman crossing the middle of the road, distracted by her own newspaper. Even the taxi driver had it folded in half across his steering wheel, the full color picture of Andrew squirting sun cream onto James’ back visible through the driver’s seat window.
Andrew’s heart pounded like the construction noises drifting along the morning air. The sensation of the phone against his ear snapped his attention back from the unfolding horror of reality around him.
“Andrew?”
“I know, fuck, I know. I just have to find him someone.”
“You think?” Lizzie said, taking a deep breath. “And who told the papers?”
Andrew avoided the gaze of passersby, fearful of any glance of accusatory recognition. “It’s her, isn’t it? Course it is, has to be her. We knew this would happen. She’s started moving against us.”
Lizzie said nothing for a moment. “You think?”
“It must be. She’s got all her little ducks in a row now. All her friends in high places. Now she’s going in for the kill.”
Paranoid there were people following him, Andrew stumbled into a Pret A Manger, still clutching the phone to his ear in the hope he would remain entirely inconspicuous. Thankfully the café was nearly empty, and devoid of newspapers, in-between the morning and lunchtime rush. He pretended to browse the sandwiches while Lizzie talked.
“Listen, don’t worry about all that now. We just need to find him a pretend girlfriend, just for tonight. Maybe I can help, I’ll have a think. Got to go.”
The phone went dead. Andrew breathed out, trying to find some kind of center in this storm of insanity.
“Double espresso, please,” he asked the server at the counter.
“Right away,” the young man replied in a thick Australian accent. Sometimes, London amazed Andrew. Like a living relic of the Empire all crowded into one city.
He got his coffee and sat on a stool at the window looking out into the street at the people walking past, minding their own business, wrapped up in their own lives. Would they even care? His phone lay on the table top, pointedly not ringing. Half a dozen journalists had texted him just after the interview, but he hadn’t responded. Suddenly the phone vibrated. Andrew grabbed it and his heart jumped into his mouth.
News alert: Speculation grows about the royal girlfriend, who will it be?
“Fuck.”

• • •

Alexandra stepped out of the office building; the bright May day breeze blew across her face. Her long auburn hair, knotted up in a bun, and her sharp black Dior trouser suit gave her the instant air of a multinational CEO. In fact, had it not been for the title, that’s what Alexandra would be. Patron, chair, and director of nearly fifty carefully selected organizations. She had cultivated a diverse list that included international NGOs and local theater companies, domestic violence charities and international oil corporations. The CV of Princess Alexandra read as a weighty tome that easily trumped most of those she sat beside.
Without a word, she handed her briefcase back to Doris, her long-time personal aide. The driver of her waiting car greeted her.
“Are you winning, ma’am?” he asked with a smile as he opened the back door of the Mercedes S class.
“Very much so, Regi,” she said with a smile, stepping into the car.
Doris entered from the other side and they buckled up as she organized papers to brief Alexandra on the next engagement. Yet, a more pressing matter required her attention. As they sped off through central London, her manicured nails tapped against the screen of her phone, waiting. It started to vibrate.
“How did it go?” Alexandra asked immediately.
“He took the bait,” Lizzie said. Alexandra allowed herself the briefest upward flicker of her lips. Move two. “Now he wants to find a fake girlfriend for tonight. I made sure Magda introduced Katyn to him at the party, so I think she’s still the best option.”
“Perfect. Yes, use her. I’m being fitted for a dress at … at…” Alexandra snapped her fingers at Doris.
“At three, ma’am.”
“At three. I’ll take her with me, if she’s game.”
“I’m sure she’ll wet herself with excitement. I’ll send Andrew to her now.” Alexandra heard that tone of sycophantic delight creep back into Lizzie’s voice. Once again, she tried to ignore the fingers of her better judgment now tightening around her throat.
”Good. See you tonight. Bye.”
Alexandra relaxed her shoulders into the leather seat, staring out the window at nothing in particular … the people on the streets, the traffic lights, a man engrossed in a newspaper while sitting alone in the window of a café. She bit her bottom lip and let her mind be still.

• • •

Fifteen years ago
The headmistress of any proper school for girls should never be one to be trifled with, and Mrs. Lanningham considered herself no exception. Like the captain of a ship — or, sometimes she ventured, a queen — everything depended on her, yet so little was truly in her control. But how one reacted — how a school reacted — to those uncontrollable events … that was in her power.
Sally Lanningham stared out the window of her office, high atop the school’s turret, into the darkness of Lake Geneva below, surrounded by the dark peaks of the Swiss mountain tops. The call had come not long before. She’d stayed up, sat in her office, and quietly cried for seven minutes exactly. No more. She’d cried for twelve minutes when her mother had passed, ten for her sister, and popped open a bottle of sherry when the news had come through about Mr. Lanningham having a heart attack under his secretary, so seven minutes seemed quite enough for a prince.
Afterwards, the headmaster of Eton had telephoned her, and they’d discussed strategies for the children for a while. The captain believed, as did she, that after the funeral, life for the children should get right back to normal. Sally had lost her father too at a young age; he’d been killed at Dunkirk. Something about sacrificing one's family for one’s country, and being reminded of the greater cause they served, had always eased the pain. The royals were no different. They were all about sacrifice, country and family.
In the darkness of her office, she reached across to the radio, always tuned to the BBC World Service, and flicked it on.
“…is where Prince Richard’s helicopter came down in bad weather. It’s now been confirmed that all three on board were killed. RAF pilot John Rigby, the Prince's aide Calista Murphy, and the Prince of Wales himself, Prince Richard. He leaves behind his wife, Princess Alice, and their two children, the royal twins Prince James and Princess Alexandra, who both turned fifteen today. Prince Richard was on his way to Paris when it is believed they took a detour to visit his son at Eton in Buckinghamshire.”
Sally turned it off again. The children didn’t need to hear that … especially not Alexandra. Sally had always sensed the princess felt alienated by the family, and it wasn’t a surprise. She’s the spare to an heir, and it didn’t matter that she’d been born a few minutes before her brother. The line of succession flowed through the male and his descendants first. It’s the way it had always been and the way it always would be, especially with Queen Victoria II on the throne.
The word “gifted” did not do justice to Alexandra. If she couldn’t be queen, Sally reasoned, let her gain the same respect and admiration through her intellect and her actions. She breathed heavily again, wishing for some sweet sherry to give her strength, but that must wait till later. The worst thing would be for the girl to hear the news on the radio. Sally took a key attached to a long piece of string out from her pocket and unlocked her desk drawer. She took out a manila envelope, the back of it stamped with the seal of the Prince of Wales, the front addressed To my darling daughter. She took the envelope and headed for Alexandra’s room, ready to carry out the last wishes of her prince.

Chapter Four

Andrew kept fiddling with his phone in the cafe, kept staring out the window, kept waiting for something to happen … for James to happen. For the first time in fifteen years, he felt lost. The man he pledged himself to was so suddenly unreachable, like he’d somehow failed in his duty. Particularly on this day … It never became easier — the birthday — the dichotomy between a day of celebration and a day of mourning.
Andrew always tried to keep James occupied by going from party to family to party to family, not giving him time to think or dwell. Then, by the time it was all over, the day could be forgotten about for another year. Andrew had taken pride in his duty, on this day and all the ones before it, for the last fifteen years. It came from love … now it did, anyway. Whether two fifteen-year olds could really fall in love, Andrew didn’t know. But they could form a bond, and that bond could become friendship, and that friendship could, perhaps, become something that felt like love.

• • •

Fifteen years ago
Andrew lay tucked up in bed, but he couldn’t get his eyes closed despite it being after two in the morning. The thrill of being with James was still on his mind and his lips. They’d never really talked about moving things forward … it kind of just happened. Touches, glances, dares, talking … All of it kept their young minds running and excited. James had been pretty drunk and tired, so afterwards Andrew had left him to go to sleep. But the look on James’ face while their bodies had been intertwined would keep him going for a lifetime. He grew hard again under the covers, and thought about giving himself another go.
Someone knocked the door. Andrew froze. His heart jumped into his throat. Maybe James had decided not to sleep alone. Before he could figure it out, the door nudged open and the headmaster stood there. Andrew’s heart stopped. He must know.
“Andrew, son, are you awake?”
“Huh, what?” He pretended to mumble, getting ready to say he’d been in bed the whole time. Maybe if he admitted to the whisky in the common room, then sneaking into James’ bedroom might not even come up. The headmaster stepped in and sat on the edge of Andrew’s bed. He looked worried, not angry. Sad almost. Andrew felt even worse. He must know. This is it, this is the end. I’ll be kicked out for sure. He’ll tell mum and dad and they’ll kick me out too. He could barely breathe. But something in the headmaster’s sad face, staring at his own shoes in the darkness of the room, gave Andrew pause.
“Son, something awful’s happened. James’ father … he died tonight. In a helicopter crash.” Andrew felt cold. He could barely process the words coming out of his mouth. It felt so distant. The sounds being made so alien. “He was coming to see James … a surprise visit. I just spoke to him and told him what happened. He’s devastated, I don’t know how he’ll process this. I don’t know how he’ll cope.” The headmaster gripped Andrew’s hand. It felt so unusual … Even his own father had never sat on the edge of his bed in the middle of the night. “Now listen, son. I know you and James have a special bond. I see that.”
Andrew’s mouth started to move, to instinctively deny whatever accusation might come next.
“You’re not in trouble. You two have a connection. He’s happiest with you. But, Andrew, this could destroy poor James. He’s not as strong as you are and nowhere near as clever as his sister. James is a pure soul … an innocent boy in a big bad world that all of a sudden just got scarier. He’s now next in line to the throne. You understand that, right? James is next. You, Andrew. You must be by his side. You must be his friend, his companion, his confidant. That’s your job, son. That’s your duty. I know you love him, Andrew. Now you must protect him. So go, go to him now, and don’t ever leave his side.”
The headmaster left and Andrew lay still, bolt awake, but his mind strangely at peace. The immediate shock of Prince Richard’s death faded away and left no more than the hurt felt at the untimely passing of the father of a friend. It was the headmaster’s words, his soft-lipped speech, that left behind a clarity, a stillness that Andrew found comfort in.
From Andrew’s earliest memories of his own parents, so aloof and uninterested in his life, he’d wondered what his purpose would be. The days of his still young life often felt like being a castaway, adrift on a lonely ship sailing an unknown sea. But on this stormy night, land had been spotted. A port called out to him, and on its shore a future waited
Andrew had gotten into bed with nothing more than the teenage smiles of a broken virginity in his head, but now he stepped out a man. He pulled a pair of tracksuit bottoms over his boxers and grabbed a black T-shirt from the floor. He stepped out into the corridor silently, with a sense of permission, not only from the headmaster, but from life. This is who he had been born to be; consort to a king.

• • •

Present day
From the café stool, looking out the window, Andrew counted off the number of newspapers he saw tucked under arms or clasped in hands. There were more people with than without, from builders to business suits. All the papers he saw had a headline about James. Well, almost all. For some reason The Gazette was the only tabloid to not carry the story on its front page. Andrew didn’t have time to wonder why. The phone rang — Lizzie. Andrew didn’t even say hello.
“Katyn, from last night,” Lizzie said. “Use her. She’s perfect. Sweet, innocent, pretty. She’s young and a princess, so no one should ask too many questions.”
“Yes, perfect,” Andrew said, jumping off his stool, heading straight for the door of Pret A Manger and back out into the street. “Perfect, perfect. Send me her address and I’ll go there now.”
“Okay — but, Andrew, just try not to fuck anything else up, okay? You’re playing with fire here.”
“I know that,” Andrew said, hailing a taxi and opening the door before it had even stopped. “I’ll keep you updated. Kensington!” he yelled to the driver. Hanging up the phone, he collapsed against the headrest as the cab sped away.
“Fuck.”

• • •

Lizzie stared at the phone that now sat still, quiet and black on the countertop of the modern office bathroom at the edge of the wide, deep sink in the middle of the row of sinks. She stared down into the plughole, feeling that to look up at her own reflection in the mirror would make her vomit. She thought about taking the rest of the day off work, going home, getting into bed, and pretending she didn't exist. But, it wouldn't help for too long … Anita would drag her to tonight's party even hooked up to an iron lung.
The bathroom door swung open with a clatter. “Hiya.” Only Sharon. Lizzie breathed a sigh of relief as Sharon toddled in on insanely high platforms, caked in makeup and with extensions running halfway down her back. She really took the testing part of the beauty editor job more seriously than anyone Lizzie had ever known. “You alright?”
“Yeah, course,” Lizzie responded as Sharon banged into a cubicle.
“Well, how was it?” Sharon shouted, starting to pee.
“What?”
“Last night! The big birthday bash.”
“Yeah, all right,” Lizzie responded, pulling a mascara out of her purse and reapplying for no other reason than to look busy. “I didn’t find a prince to kiss this time though.”
“A prince? Your standards are too high, darlin’. I’d settle for anyone who doesn’t describe themselves as a fucken’ lad.”
The toilet flushed and Sharon joined her at the next sink. Lizzie pretended to concentrate even more on the mascara.
“So, you’ll know all about this royal girlfriend then? Who is she?”
“Uh, no. Really don’t know much, sorry.”
“Ooh, well, that’s a turn up for the books, innit?” Sharon fixed her bra under her shirt. She had curves, but always wore everything two sizes too small. The flower-patterned blouse looked like it could burst at any moment. What a terrible thing to do to Versace. And the pencil skirt must feel like a corset. “Prince James finally has a girl, eh? Was she there last night?”
“Maybe, I don’t know. Honestly, I spent most of the night hanging out with Andrew,” Lizzie said, clipping the top back on her mascara and throwing it into her bag, along with her phone. Sharon caught her eye in the mirror.
“Wait, is that your friend Andrew who came to the Stella McCartney party a few weeks ago? The one who was on the telly this morning?”
Lizzie stopped for a moment, clutched her bag to her chest and felt a sudden sense of dread. “Yeah.”
“Oh my God. That’s who Michael had sex with.”
“What?”
“You know Michael in PR, right? Well, he was telling me he went home with one of your friends that night, after the party. I couldn’t figure out who it was until I saw the news.”
“Really?” Lizzie’s grip on her bag slipped. She could barely keep herself standing up. All her carefully laid plans could be so easily undone by Andrew’s cock. She cursed herself for trying to help the fool, trying to save him from himself.
“Yeah! Michael had a threesome with him and some other dude.”
Lizzie grabbed the countertop for support. This was not the slow burn she had been expecting. Everything would be easy at first, Alexandra had reassured her. No one would get hurt, least of all Andrew. Things would bubble along; questions would be drawn out over months, years even. Yes, the Queen was getting older, but everyone expected her to last at least for the best part of a decade. Rumors of James’ sexuality were not part of the plan, at least not hers. “Who … who was the other guy?” She scrunched up her face like she had something in her eye, trying to show only a passing interest to the question thumping though her mind.
“I dunno. Michael said he had some kinda gimp mask on the whole time. Never saw his face.” Sharon finished fixing herself and readjusted her bra. “Sounds hot, right? Fucken’ gays have all the fun. See ya.”
With that, Sharon left. Lizzie pulled her phone out again and thought about calling Andrew. But what good would it do now? She put it away, took a deep breath, and stepped out of the bathroom and back into the busy world of Allure magazine.
The open plan office drowned in light from the ceiling-high windows and provided a blinding view of the sun reflecting off the Thames. Around fifty people, overwhelmingly women — and overwhelmingly tall and thin — typed, photocopied, and talked, making the institution of fashion that is Allure magazine happen. It never failed to make Lizzie feel inadequate. She passed by a rack of clothes and a table full of makeup samples next to the coffee station on her way back to her desk … a four-person shared space that featured large Apple screens surrounded by various bits of clutter.
The closer it got to deadline day, the more of a mess the desk became. Lizzie sat down, alone at least for now, and checked the time. Barely after eleven … this day just wouldn’t move. She thought about another coffee, but had already knocked back three. Maybe something bad for lunch, something with grease and bacon on it. That should soak up the champagne hangover. At least the thought of it might, although it wouldn’t do much for the Andrew-sized problem in her head.
“Lizzie, can you take a look at this?” asked her assistant Alyssa, an impossibly petite brunette with a knack for pulling off knee-high boots and miniskirts. She handed her a large piece of card with the layouts of half a dozen pages on it. Lizzie took the card and squashed it on top of all the mess. She grabbed a marker pen from a mug and drew circles around things she didn’t like.
“It’s looking good, but just move this here. These should’ve been taken out, and this isn’t the same color as that.” She handed the card back to Alyssa who looked slightly crestfallen at having some simple mistakes pointed out to her. “Okay?” she asked, a bit harshly. Alyssa nodded and took the card away.
It’s not all knee-highs and fashion shoots. Time to learn your lesson. Lizzie took a deep breath and tried to push all the Andrew nonsense from her mind. This is not how she had imagined it beginning, the end of the monarchy. Nevertheless, it had begun. She tried to focus on the work of a fashion editor
“Oh, Lizzie,” a voice called from near the glass-plated editor’s office at the other side of the room. “I need to speak with you when you have a moment.” Anita, the long-time editor-in-chief of Allure, stood outside her office discussing cover pages with the art director. Lizzie didn’t bother to wake the computer up. That bacon double cheeseburger would come a lot sooner than she thought.
The corner office Anita occupied could generously be described as overstuffed. Racks of concept clothes and boxes of bags piled on top of each other made even an office with windows for its walls feel dark and claustrophobic. The chairs across from her desk were both draped in fabrics. One had a stack of photographs of models sitting on it, the vast majority waiting to be binned.
“Just move the pictures, Lizzie. We really need a bigger space,” Anita said, bending down to root through a pile of old copies of Allure under her desk. They’d needed a bigger space in all the five years Lizzie had been there. Anita finished rummaging and sat down on her side of the desk, lifting her dark-rimmed glasses up and pushing back the soft blonde bob-cut that defined her look.
“So, how was it?”
It took Lizzie a moment to figure out the question. “Oh, the party … fine … it was all right. You know, a lot of rich kids, random Euro-trash royals.” Anita smiled, but Lizzie could feel the ice behind it.
“Lizzie, why did I hire you?”
“Um, because I’m an excellent fashion editor? Because I’m good at my job? You did outbid Vogue for me.”
Anita smiled again, colder than before.
“No, not quite … listen, there are a thousand girls out there who can give me five hundred words on the autumn line and, frankly, do it a bit quicker than you.” Lizzie smiled weakly, now wondering what other deadline she’d missed. “But you, Elizabeth Windsor, you’re the cousin of the heir to the throne. You’re the one with an inside look at life in the palace. You’re the one who gets invited to Christmas at the palace and summer in Balmoral. And yet, I haven’t had a single story from you about any of it.” Anita leaned forward, her elbows on the desk.
“Well, first of all,” Lizzie fought back, “I’m their third cousin. And there hasn’t exactly been a lot to report on. Princess Alexandra flat out refuses any press requests that aren’t about human rights or whatever, and she’s hardly setting trends with her look.”
“Forget her. We’ve been waiting thirty years for a royal princess, and if this Prince James girlfriend thing goes anywhere, I expect you to be front and center, understood? This magazine is going to be leading the bandwagon, for once.”
“You’re asking me to strain family ties.”
“I’m asking you to do your job.” Lizzie stared at the Dior blouse Anita wore, shimmering white and gold, and the classic set of pearls that adorned her neck. Everything about her felt effortless. “If you can’t, then I’ll find us someone who can.”
Lizzie stood up and smoothed her clothes down. She couldn’t say that she’d never expected this conversation. In some ways, she’d been preparing for it her entire career.
“Understood. Anything else?” Lizzie asked, as Anita put her glasses back on her face and thumbed through a magazine.
“I want the girlfriend on next month’s cover.”
“It’s sorted.”
Anita didn’t respond, so Lizzie stepped out, closing the glass door quietly, leaving her appetite behind. The bacon cheeseburger solution to her problems faded away. It was unfair that society conditioned women to question their own judgments. The weight of culture told young girls from the moment they were born to listen to their fathers; to keep their husbands happy, and give the world to their sons. For a woman to be the engine of her own power rubbed men, as well as plenty of women, the very wrong way.
The anxiety that came from trusting herself threatened to overwhelm her. She took a breath, her hand still gripped to the metal handle of the glass door, steadying herself against the sea of self-doubt. Andrew would thank her one day, she was sure of that. Getting him away from that spoiled brat full of unearned privilege was how she could justify burning the entire royal house to the ground, Alexandra included. That was the goal; the point of all this. And it was time to get to work.

• • •

The taxi pulled up to the terraced Georgian house on a quiet, leafy street in Chelsea. The houses here looked onto a private garden across the road, and the street had a peaceful air beyond recognition of even being in London, as if one required a gilded invitation just to come to this part of town.
Andrew jumped out of the taxi and slammed the door behind him, shattering the peace. It drove off noisily. Clutching his phone, Andrew tried to feel like the end of the world wasn’t hunting him down. He glanced at the numbers on the houses, found the right one, and leaped up the half dozen steps to the great black door. He ran a hand through his hair, tugged his earlobe, and rang the bell.
Half a minute later, Andrew nearly rang again when the door opened and there stood Princess Katyn of Sweden, wearing One Direction pajamas and her blonde hair in a ponytail.
“Andrew, hi!”
“Hey, hello. How are you?” Andrew fought with himself to meet her eye to eye. He swallowed hard against the urge to turn and run, or fight back against this blonde teenager threatening his lover with an imbecilic smile. His hands remained locked to his side as she swooped in to kiss him on either cheek.
“Great! So nice to see you again,” Katyn said with the air of a Swedish pop star taking to the Eurovision stage. “Why don’t you come in?”
Andrew followed her into the immaculate town house, well-renovated and at least three floors high. He strode into the kitchen that looked like it had been folded out of a catalogue: black marble counter tops, gleaming silver appliances and walls painted deep red offset against a harlequin floor.
“Tea?” she asked.
“Of course.” She might as well have handed him a shovel to dig his own grave, not a mug with a picture of a bunny on it.
Eleven minutes later and Katyn still hadn’t stopped talking. They sat across from each other at the glass kitchen table, and her tea remained untouched. Andrew had his eye glued to the clock. Her life story ate his precious time away.
“And then my father said he’d always wanted me to study abroad, and of course I love London, so, now I’m here.”
“Great,” Andrew said, delighted she now took a gulp of tea. “That’s really great, and we love having you here. Truly. I can’t believe last night was your first time meeting everyone.”
“I know. I’m not into parties so much, but Magda insisted I come with her. Father asked her to look after me while I’m here. She’s really been like a big sister. So fun, really. I never knew how many royals there are in London.”
“Yes, well, ten a penny really. Anyway…” Andrew gazed at her face and chewed on his lip. She could easily pass for a tennis star. Strong jawbone, sharp eyes, and that beautiful hair … He started picturing James sitting beside her, laughing his wide-eyed laugh, his soft hair bouncing as he moved his head to the tune of her words. His arm around her shoulders, his hand touching her leg … A wave of bile retched into Andrew’s throat, the acidic taste of terror refusing to be washed away by a swig of tea.
“There’s this charity concert tonight. For the birthday celebrations, you know. More official than last night. The Queen will be coming, as will other members of the family. And, well, James was very impressed with you last night. He’d love to see you again. In fact, he’d love to take you tonight … to the concert.”
Katyn looked like she’d just won Wimbledon without even playing a match. “He’s impressed with me? Wow. I had no idea. I barely spoke to him.”
“Yes, well he likes you a lot, you know.” Andrew shifted in his seat, clutching the mug so hard he could swear he heard it crack. “He thinks you’re … that you’re cute.”
“I didn’t know he even knew me.”
Andrew drained the contents of his mug, wishing he could drink something stronger. He hoped that bottle of whisky in his flat had not been finished the last time they’d been there. God, it had been ages. Not since that night with Michael… “So, you’ll come tonight?”
“Well, of course. Actually, Princess Alexandra called me a little while ago. She’s going to take me for a dress fitting for the party tonight. I guess she must have known James wanted to ask me to come.”
“Yes.” Andrew ran a finger around the edge of the mug, nervously pondering the revelation. “I guess she did. Well, good. Glad you got it sorted.” Andrew got up from the chair and started to make for the door. “Make sure it’s something stunning. Just think, the future Queen of England.”
“Do you really think?” Katyn asked, rising from her chair as if it were a throne.
“He likes you … a lot. And James, well, I know him better than anyone.” Andrew’s throat tightened, his eyes pricked with tears. “He’s not really one for those long, drawn out relationships, you know.”
She laughed, following him out of the kitchen down the hall.
“Well, must run. Lots to do, you know.”
“Of course. Thank you again, Andrew. I’m really excited. I like him a lot, too.”
“Good. Really good. Great. Okay, bye then.” He tried to avoid an awkward kiss on the cheek but it came anyway. Back out onto the street, the heavy door closed behind him, his fingers were already flicking to James’ number on his phone.
“Pick up. Pick up. Pick up. James, for fuck sake, pick up.” The ring of the phone thudded to the beat of his heart, it’s mechanical bells chiming in the sound of fear. In the pit of his stomach, he knew this path was a mistake. A wrong turn had been taken due to the tricks of a foe; every unanswered ring a reminder that things were spinning out of control. James almost never didn’t answer him. And if he did, he’d return within five minutes.
The phone kept ringing, ringing, ringing, and then stopped.
“Fuck.”

Chapter Five

The buzzing of James’ phone against the wood of the chair filled the grand corridor of Buckingham Palace. He felt Alexandra, sitting on her own chair six feet away, glare at him, but James ignored her. Both chairs were placed in the middle of the hundred-foot hallway, facing the white double doors and golden handles that would open as soon as Her Majesty decided she was ready to receive them. The vibrating continued. James, slouched down, shuffled himself, and fished the phone out of his pocket, silencing it immediately then turning it off.
Alexandra, having sat quietly with her legs crossed, now got up from her chair. She blew a rush of air out her mouth in a way that always annoyed him, and out of the corner of his eye he saw her gaze up at the tapestry on the wall.
“Hmm,” she said, as if taking in the never-noticed detail of some grand battle weaved in thread, “it’s Persian.”
“Funny, I didn’t think they allowed that sort in here.”
“Times change,” she snapped back, not missing a beat. “Good party last night?”
“Yes. What do you care?”
“Just asking. A lot of nice girls, were there?”
“What?” James said, finally turning to look at her.
“You know, for picking out your new girlfriend,” Alexandra said, not even hiding her smirk. “Katyn is nice. A bit young for you, I’d have thought, but at least you’re matched intellectually.”
James bolted up and practically leapt over his chair to confront her.
“What the fuck are you talking about?”
“Ahh … so, no one’s told you yet? She’s your new girlfriend. I’m taking her to find a dress later. Don’t worry; I’ll make her look fantastic for tomorrow’s papers. It’ll be nice for you to have a bit of positive press coverage for once.”
“You cunt.” James stood inches away from her face. They’d fought day and night as children, until their parents had placed them in schools in different countries. It only succeeded in concentrating the fighting into the times they were forced to be together. Other children grew out of it and became friends as adults, but not James and his sister. Not now, not ever… “Keep me out of your sick games, or I’ll…”
The white double doors they’d been waiting for swung open.
“Children!” Victoria greeted them, looking like she’d shrunk even more when standing next to her butler, Peter. “Now, I hope you two weren’t fighting again, or I shall have to put you out with the dogs.”
Alexandra floated away and bent down to give Victoria a kiss on the cheek. “Of course not, granny.”
“Good. Happy birthday, darling.” Alexandra took her grandmother by the arm and they walked into the drawing room together. Peter glanced at James, who only felt like sulking in the corridor.
“Ready, your royal highness?”
James stared up at the tapestry, searching out the detail of murder so minutely embroidered into the piece. Truly, every scene had someone stabbing someone else … a knife in the eye, a spear in the heart, a sword in the back.
“Yes,” James said to Peter, but his eyes transfixed on his sister helping that little old lady to the couch. “I’m ready.”

• • •

Andrew padded around the kitchen of his flat, as if making too much noise would disturb someone. Of course, no one else was here. The modern one-bedroom in a Shoreditch high-rise was as anonymous as the Ikea furniture that decorated it. Andrew’s parents had given it to him the day he turned eighteen. Not so much a gift of independence as it was an abrogation of their parental responsibility…
A breakfast bar divided the metal and wood kitchen with the living room. The black leather corner couch still looked as good as new. Only the flat screen TV on the wall had been updated in the last twelve years. Andrew had spent close to every night since Eton with James, which meant living at Clarence House when they were in London. The Shoreditch pad had become their city getaway, much like the other flats they owned in New York and Sydney. It served perfectly as a place for the various activities that were hard to undertake in a royal residence. Now it served as his place of refuge.
Andrew opened the fridge to find an old tub of margarine, half a pack of suspicious looking bacon, and milk whose sell-by date scared him. He pulled out the carton and immediately regretted trying to smell it. Finally, he found the cupboard where the bin sat and threw the carton straight in. Guess I’ll take the coffee black.
Andrew stirred his coffee, letting the sugar dissolve and staring into the whirlpool in the cup … the whirlpool he’d created. The flat gave him a sense of peace. The thick walls and double-glazed windows blocked most noise, and the view of some same old London-street offered comfort in its boringness. As close as could be to ordinary. If it wasn’t for the overbearing memories, Andrew could’ve really lost himself in the flat. Those nights of escape and drug-fueled sexual excitement … the nights spent with the door unlocked, James in his hood, face down on the bed … Andrew acting as master of ceremonies to the finest men the world had to offer, the best of whom came to London They had travelled the world with that hood. From Sydney to Singapore, New York to the Bahamas. It accompanied them on every royal trip like the very crown itself as they sampled the male specimens on every continent, Andrew taking in their guest’s full-frontal view while James experienced them only in anonymity. The men of the world were various and different, but the beauty of London is that it brought the men of the world right to them.
He stirred and stirred till black coffee spilled out of the cup.
“Fuck.”
Andrew opened the dishwasher with the intention of dropping the teaspoon in, but had forgotten about the collection of dildos, butt plugs, and handcuffs that sat inside, now clean and innocent looking. He rinsed the spoon in the sink instead.

• • •

Victoria’s gloved hand picked up a lemon slice from the dish on the coffee table. With unexpected vigor, she squeezed the contents right into her china tea-cup, turning the liquid cloudy and leaving a few bits of lemon floating in it. James watched as the Queen, perched perfectly on the ornate settee, lifted the cup to her pursed, purple-looking lips, and took a long, loud sip.
“Now, James, I hope you’re looking forward to this evening?” she asked. He sat on the settee opposite her, sharing the embroidered couch with her. Peter stood, as always, just a head-turn behind his grandmother, staring down at them all like an eagle ready to poke his eyes out.
“I think James is very excited. He has some news you know,” Alexandra said, clutching her own cup and saucer delicately in her hand, legs crossed away from James.
“I can answer for myself.”
“Yes, I heard,” Victoria said, her eyes narrowing at them both. Now the interrogation would begin.
“Well, granny, early days and all that. Don’t want to say too much,” James said, trying to laugh it all off.
“Oh, come now, James,” Alexandra said, her teacup shaking in excitement, “I think it’s a bit more serious than early days. From what I’ve heard anyway. Granny, you’ll love her. Princess Katyn of Sweden.”
“A princess? Well, that is good news. Very good, indeed. And the Swedes have excellent breeding.” The Queen’s eyes flared, Gollum-like, as if she’d just spotted the golden ring: a grandchild. An heir flowing with Anglo-Saxon and Viking blood…
“Yes, they do rather. I’m taking her to find an outfit this afternoon. She’s very sweet … very easy to love. Isn’t that right, brother?” She nudged a casual elbow into his side, one pointed with intolerable smugness.
James didn't say a word or even move a muscle. He remained still, like one of those damn vases on a plinth in the hallway, wondering why on Earth Andrew wasn’t here to catch him before everything shattered on the marble floor..
“Peter,” Victoria said, raising a gloved hand behind her head, “remind me to give the King a call. Sven will be delighted to hear the news. Now, James,” she glared at him with the full force of her grey eyes. “We’re not waiting around for you to get cold feet. You and your little friend can have another few months of your fun, then an engagement. I’m not dying before you’ve done your duty to this family and given us a child.”
Victoria picked up another lemon slice and, in one movement, squeezed the contents into her cup. It must’ve been more lemon than tea. James couldn’t find his tongue or even the breath to form words.
“We’ll have a wedding date in time for the Christmas broadcast, won’t we? Now, Alexandra dear, is your family joining us tonight?”
James felt stuck to the couch utterly unable to move, as if he’d woken in the middle of the night still in a dream, or in the middle of surgery with his sister and grandmother tearing out his insides like a couple of 18th century morticians. He hadn’t expected to do battle … to have to beat down any idea that this girl, whoever the hell she was, would be someone he would marry. It happened too fast. Normally, Andrew knocked back these attempted entrapments with his verbal combat; he had always been a street-fighter when it came to getting in or out of anything. But not this time … He created this damn mess, and now James felt like the last one to realize how hard he’d been played. It was as if Andrew and Alexandra were working together … working to trap him.
“Yes, Faisal is coming. The children will be in bed.”
“Well, that husband of yours never misses an opportunity to play dress up, does he?”
Alexandra smiled blankly. “In fact, Granny, Faisal's uncle is keen to visit soon. It’s been a few years since he’s seen the children. It would be good state opportunity. He’s the Minister of Oil, too.”
“Ah, I see. Which uncle is this?”
“Prince Mohammed. The Sultan's younger brother.”
“Of course, dear. Peter,” she lifted a hand again, “do inform the prime minister we plan to extend an official invitation to Prince Mohammed and his, darling,” she asked Alexandra, “how many wives does he have, exactly?”

• • •

Andrew had almost dozed off on the couch while the news played quietly in the background. Without the adrenaline-rush of running around London, the shock of the day started to sink in. Seeing himself on the screen, he cursed his own stupid face and big mouth playing over and over again. For years he’d played the game so well, batting journalists off with some candid photographs or the odd tidbit from the palace. What had gone so wrong this morning? He felt like he’d been entrapped. Like the reporter had baited him, lured him into something so carefully set up by Alexandra. But another thought scared him more. Maybe I’m just not up to the job. Maybe I’m no use to him. No use at all.
“And we’re expecting a royal balcony appearance shortly?” the news anchor asked a reporter camped outside the palace.
“Yes, and that will be followed by a fly-past from the Red Arrows. I can tell you the crowds here at the palace are very excited. Especially since the news this morning of the royal girlfriend which seems to have electrified so many people around the country. Many royal watchers are quietly relieved that Prince James, on his thirtieth birthday, at last seems to be taking his royal responsibilities more seriously.”
Andrew grabbed the phone with his sweaty hands, pressing so hard on the pad the glass felt like it was bending. He tap-tap-tapped on James’ name. “Pick up. Fucking pick up, pick up, pick up.” Again, the phone rang dead.

• • •

Two guardsmen opened the doors to the famous Buckingham Palace balcony, the site of so many momentous occasions in the glorious past. The Queen, flanked by her grandchildren, stepped out towards the fresh air and roaring crowds that had gathered below. Victoria waved to the sea of people stretching all the way back to The Mall, her gloved hand wafting through the air like she could splash the adoration of the people onto her face. Alexandra and James were stationed a few steps behind. They knew their place at these set pieces. They nodded into middle distance and occasionally lifted a hand in acknowledgement.
Soon, the noise of the crowd began to be drowned out by the roar of the RAF planes. In a shower of red, white and blue smoke, the Red Arrows soared over the palace. All eyes were trained on the sky as the pilots did a loop, the colored smoke billowing against the backdrop of a bright blue day.
The cheers from below sounded like thunder, noticeably louder now than when they first appeared on the balcony. As faces and television cameras took in the aerial display above, James leaned over to his sister.
“What the fuck is this Swedish girl thing about? I don’t even know her.”
Alexandra plastered a smile across her face. It might look to anyone who caught the two of them that she simply delighted at the RAF display, but James knew better than to think of his sister as some simple girl dazzled by colorful smoke in the sky. James knew her smile could kill.
“Just play along, little brother. I’m trying to help you.” She pointed her hand to the air, drawing James’ eye for a moment, as the planes finished their show and jetted off up The Mall, towards central London.
“And if I don’t?”
“You will. We wouldn’t want all your secrets coming out of the closet now, would we?”
Alexandra laughed and clapped her hands together, showing off to the world how much she’d enjoyed the show.

Chapter Six

“No, no, no. I already wore the Dior to the Oxfam benefit last month.” Alexandra passed the silky violet dress back to the stylist, who slipped it back into the rack. Her hair, bunched up with rollers, pulled at her scalp as she flicked through another rack. The stylist stood back, trying not to get in the way.
Alexandra’s hairdresser, Vilna, had been preening away at Katyn for nearly an hour already. He picked up a blow-dryer and worked it over the pieces of foil that would add a few highlights. “There,” he said, through his thick Eastern-European accent. “It’s going to be fabulous.”
Alexandra looked up from the dress rack and glanced over at them. She took sight of Katyn’s face in the mirror, illuminated by the light bulbs around it. She smiled. “Vilna, you’re an artist.”
Doris, Alexandra’s assistant, sat cross-legged on an armchair in the corner of the room, typing away on her iPad. Discreetly, she lifted her phone from her lap, and took a few silent photos of Katyn being attended to by the hairdresser.
The stylist, daring to try again, presented Alexandra with another dress, green and gold with a deep neck. “Ma’am, this could work quite nicely with the Alexander McQueen clutch and shoes.”
Alexandra took the dress from her and held it up by the hanger. “Hmm … yes but perhaps with the Jimmy Choos. You know, the ones from last Christmas?”
“Yes, ma’am. I think they’d be perfect. I’ll look them out.”
“Thanks,” Alexandra said, laying the dress across the empty chair beside her. “Now, what are you going to wear?” she asked Katyn, stepping over to her.
“I do love the Chanel you showed me earlier. Mother always said the classics were the best.”
“Darling,” Alexandra said, budging Vilna out of the way and laying an arm across her shoulder. “After tonight you’re going to be the most photographed woman in the world. We’re launching you as the future Queen of England. We need to make a statement.”
Katyn laughed, but the glint in her eye showed the girl had already been enchanted with the idea.
“Bring me that rack over there,” Alexandra snapped at the stylist. She twisted the hairdresser’s chair around and helped the young princess stand up. “Now,” Alexandra said, briskly moving through the rack, “let’s find something fit for a future queen.”
She pulled out a sparkly silver dress and held it up against Katyn’s slim figure.
“Ooh, I love it!” Katyn said, running the fabric through her fingers.
“The low cut is what you want. We’ll find you something simple but spectacular for the neck.” Alexandra gestured for Doris to come over. She lifted the hangar over Katyn’s head and, beaming for the camera, Katyn posed as Doris took a few pictures.
“Wonderful,” Alexandra said. “This will look magnificent on you.”
“Who is it?” Katyn asked, giving the dress back and sitting down.
“Topshop.”
“Topshop?!?” Katyn exclaimed. “What kind of statement is that? Everyone shops at Topshop. Not a princess!”
“But, darling,” Alexandra said, stroking the girl’s blonde hair. “You’re going to be the princess everyone thinks they can be.”
“Oh…” Katyn remained silent for a moment, pursing her lips while the cogs turned in her head. “I like it,” she said, grinning.
Alexandra smiled at her and turned to the stylist. “Let’s find her a Jenny Packham handbag and some diamond earrings. ”Peering at the handbags, she added in a hushed voice, “Everyone should know this isn’t going to be a very long engagement.”
Alexandra put the dress down and Vilna returned to Katyn’s hair.
“D’you really think we’ll get married? Me and James?” Katyn asked.
“James and I,” Alexandra said, taking a look at a box of earrings the stylist had opened for her. “Don’t you want to marry James?”
“I mean, of course. I would love to. I’ve always dreamed of marrying a prince. But, does he want me?”
Alexandra gazed at her through the mirror. Vilna carried on working on her hair. Doris flicked through her phone. The stylist poked through sets of earrings. For a moment, it felt like the two princesses were completely alone. “He wants you, Katyn. He truly does. He said to me just this afternoon, on the balcony of the palace, just how much he likes you. The problem is, my dear, people can be a tad afraid of what they want, what they truly want. Especially people like James. They hide it deep inside, under layers and layers of stuff. So sometimes it can be a bit tricky to tell. But don’t worry, that’s what I’m here for.”
Alexandra sat down on Vilna’s stool across from Katyn, her elbows on her knees. “He is handsome,” Katyn said, playing with the salon cape’s ties.
“Yes, my dear, he is. Listen, you’re nineteen. I married Faisal when I was twenty. I knew what I was getting into. I wanted to have a husband first, and then build a career. Because that’s what this is … a job … a career. And the best thing is you get to define the job. The hardest thing is that people will try define it for you.”
“So all these things you do … the charities and the United Nations, that’s the job you want?”
“It’s part of it.”
“But what job should I have?”
Alexandra reached her hand out, and Katyn lifted hers from under the cape. Tightly, Alexandra clasped her fingers. “My darling, you’re going to be the people’s princess.”

• • •

James collapsed onto the bed, the toll of the night that turned into the day had caught up with him. He pulled his shoes off and spread out over the bed, freshly made by Charles with so much care. Closing his eyes for a moment, James tried to quiet his mind, but it only amplified the voice of his sister in his head, threatening him over and over again.
Andrew had always protected him against threats, which made this morning’s spectacle such a shock. At even the slightest suggestion that a journalist or someone else knew something they shouldn't, they would be paid off or bartered away. Years ago, their home at Clarence House hosted many young servants and aides. They’d thought that the presence of so much activity would make Andrew’s lodging much more inconspicuous. The opposite ended up being true, and the young servants had themselves proved a distraction. But not a single rumor had flown. Andrew played the whole thing off in the media as downsizing to make savings for the public purse. Now only Charles remained, Prince Richard’s former butler and the only other man who’d stood by James’ side since the day his father died.
James turned to the side of the bed where Andrew should’ve been.

• • •

One year ago
“Well, look at that,” Andrew said from across the bed, as his phone beeped midnight. “Happy birthday.” James closed his eyes with a satisfied smile as Andrew leaned in, kissed him and stroked his hair. “Twenty-nine.”
They lay on top of the covers, just in boxers, with the window open. Enjoying the warm air of an early summer’s night after a long fuck. James couldn’t remember a time they’d enjoyed each other’s bodies so much without the need for stimulants or guest stars.. With the royal schedule getting ever busier, it often felt like the only time they got to really enjoy being with each other was in that dinky little flat of Andrew’s.
Thanks to its anonymity and the shelter it offered from real life, they would invariably take every advantage of the opportunity of an evening there by getting high and letting their dicks decide what they should get up to. James wondered for a moment, as he often did in the stillness of Andrew’s breath, what it would be like to just have him and no more. If only that would satisfy Andrew … Sometimes it felt like if he couldn’t give him the promise of a life-time together, he could at least give Andrew the fun of something open. In the back of his mind, he knew Andrew leaving him was an inevitability as much as his kingship was. All he wanted was to postpone that for just a little bit more. Another month, another year, and keep the man he loved…
“I’m just glad you've been here with me for all these, well, fourteen years today.” If they had lived their lives together in the real world, where would they be after fourteen years together? The pain of the fantasy of an ordinary life, the pain that was only James’ and that could not be grasped by any other, threatened to overtake his mind once again.
Andrew breathed in and pulled his hand back from James.
“James,” he said, sitting up but staring at his feet. “I don’t want this to end.”
“Come on now.” James brought a hand to his lovers’ shoulder and tried to pull him into a hug, but Andrew didn't move. “Why does this have to end?” The words pricked his already wounded state. The fear that Andrew would one day get sick of all this, turn and leave, crept up his spine like a tarantula.
Andrew turned towards him, but not out of kindness.
“How long can this go on? Seriously! I mean, maybe no one cared what you did in your early twenties. You had a dead dad and everyone … the press, the public, everyone gave you enormous leeway.” The words hit James like a cannonball to the stomach that left him flat on his back, struggling for breath. “Oh God, James, no, I didn’t mean it like that. Look I’m sorry. Really sorry! I just meant that…”
“I know what you meant.” James recovered from the body-blow and sat on the edge of the bed, feet on the floor, head in his hands. Andrew put his hand out in trepidation, but James didn’t flinch.
“I just don’t know where I stand. I’m afraid about what will happen to me, to us.”
“Nothing,” James said, shrugging Andrew’s hand away. “Nothing is going to happen to you, understand?” Now James stood up. “Nothing has to change. Just stop pushing it.”
“Are you insane? Nothing’s going to change? James you’re nearly thirty. Your bloody grandmother is nearly ninety and your sister is married to a fucking Arab and half the country would rather have no king than a bloody brown one. And you, the heir to the throne, are officially single. Still. At twenty-nine years old.” James stood with his arms crossed, defenses up. Andrew kneeled on the bed, pleading. “We’ve had all this time, not worrying about the future. Doing our own thing. Having fun. No one cared. It can’t go on forever … you know that. So then what? What happens to me? What happens to us, James? What happens to me when it’s all over?”
James kept his eyes on the floor. His body tensed up, hands wrapped around his body. “You’ve done alright.” He knew the words would sting him. He knew they would cut him deep. James’ fantasy had always been of an ordinary life together, but who could say if Andrew would have even looked at him twice were it not for the crown, for the promise of succession.
“Excuse me?” Andrew said, getting up from the bed and standing nose to nose with James, just like when they’d fought as teenagers.
“You heard me. You’ve done all right here. Yeah. You got to live here, travel the world, get into all the parties, make all the connections.” They breathed heavily, each taking in the other’s furious scent. “The son of a glorified shopkeeper who happened to get rich and pay for his precious little boy to go to Eton so he’d never have to see him. From a boy no one wanted to a someone who has everything. And more than that, you can leave at any time, and you’ll still have it all.”
Now James had thrown the cannonball back. Andrew dropped to the bed as James walked over to the chest of drawers, pulling it open to find a T-shirt. He picked out one of Andrew’s. He didn’t put it on.
“Don’t fucking tell me you’ll have nothing!” James yelled, letting the darkness overtake him. “Everyday I wonder when you’ll fuck off … when you’ll get bored of all this and decide to go and have your real life.” James’ voice began to crack as tears pricked his eyes. “You’ll leave me in the end and … and I’ll be here alone.” It broke to a whisper.
Andrew leapt from the bed and grabbed him, pulling him into the tightest hug. “Shhh. That’s not true. I’m not going anywhere. Not now, not ever.” James wished he could truly believe that, yet the feeling was still there. The sense of living on borrowed time … The awareness that whatever happiness they felt would one day collapse into a distant memory…
James sobbed, his tears dripping down Andrew’s bare chest. “I love you,” James said through the agony of his fears.
“I love you more.” They embraced even harder, Andrew kissed the top of James’ ear, then all down it and onto his neck, causing shivers of pleasure to drift down his back. “We just need a plan, okay? Before it’s too late.”
“Okay. We’ll make a plan. I promise”

• • •

Present day
James stared at the place on the bed Andrew should’ve been. In this place, a year ago, he’d held him as he cried. The place he’d been all these years…. James moved his face away from the wet patch of his pillow and laid on Andrew’s. He slid his hand underneath and found the T-shirt Andrew liked to sleep in. He pulled it out and held it to his nose. It smelled just like his lover … like the cologne he wore … like the coconut shampoo he washed with … like the mix of wood and vanilla that he smelled like at the end of the day. We never came up with a plan. James began to cry.

Chapter Seven

Sitting at her vanity in the bedroom, Alexandra delicately applied mascara to her long lashes. Her gown for the evening lay across the bed, the tiara shimmering beside it ready to add the finishing touch to the outfit. It was one thing to do the job of princess; it was quite another to play the part when everyone expected diametrically opposing things from you. Like trying to be a person nobody had ever met, but thought they knew. The weight of expectation used to crush her when she was a girl, a teenager … never knowing the right place, always being told not to outshine her brother, or to seem too smart, or too clever, or too pretty.
No one had ever said it to her face, but she’d always known it. If she behaved too much like a queen or stayed too long in the limelight, people would wonder why she shouldn't be the one to succeed. Older only by minutes, she was still a girl. The line of succession went through her brother. Royals had to be neutral, she’d always been told. They could never seem to be feminist, or reformist, or, God forbid, suggest Parliament should change the law to allow the oldest to become monarch, regardless of gender. No, the royals must uphold tradition, be neutral, and accept the world as it is with a smile and with grace.
Alexandra didn’t care about what she had been told, or who had done the telling. She hadn’t cared for a long time.
“You look beautiful,” Faisal said, standing in the doorway in his tuxedo. Even his bowtie was perfectly done. Alexandra smiled at him and opened a lipstick … rouge that deepened the reddish tones in her auburn hair.
He stood behind her, leaned down and planted a soft kiss on her neck. “Just one final touch.” He picked up the jewelry box he’d given her that morning. She leaned back in the chair as he attached the Heart of Aden to her. The blue sapphire sparkled as if it had its own light source. “My queen,” he said, and kissed the other side of her neck. “Nearly there?”
“I just need a minute.”
“Okay. I’ll make sure the kids are ready. The car’s here, but take your time.” Faisal stepped out of the bedroom. “Hassan, Jasmine. You’d better be in your jammies,” she heard him yell down the corridor before the door closed.
Alexandra pulled a tissue out of the box and dabbed the corner of each eye. The eyeliner looked a bit too heavy, but perhaps the light distorted it. She blinked again, her eyes steady so they wouldn’t burst open. There was no time to reapply. After a beat, she stood up with purpose and stepped over to her bedside table. Opening the bottom drawer, she pulled out a little wooden box, beautifully carved with her name in Arabic and studded with sparkling stones; a gift from Faisal on their third date. Inside laid a cream colored envelope. Following a time-honored ritual, she pulled out the yellowing piece of paper and sat on the edge of the bed. Her father’s voice still echoed in her head as she read, even after all these years.

My darling daughter,
Today is your birthday, and I could not be more proud of you. Your mother and I love you ever so dearly, with all our hearts, and I hope and pray you continue to grow, continue to find yourself, and become the best you that there ever could be.
You have impressed me so much with your dedication, with your hard work, and with your commitment to the duty and service of our family and our kingdom. You should know that when you were born, the doctors tried to bring out your brother first. But I pulled them back … I maybe even punched one. I wanted the natural order of things to progress, and, naturally, you were born first.
You must know I have always hated the idea of a male inheriting over his older sister by virtue of just being male. I fought with your grandmother for many years, before you were born and right to this very day, about it. Know that I will never stop fighting for you. I want to talk to your brother first and smooth all of the feathers that will no doubt be ruffled because of this, but I believe I can change this outdated law, even if it costs me my own happiness with the woman I love. But I pledge to you that I’ll do everything in my power so that by your next birthday, you, my daughter, will come after me in the line of succession.
Things may not always be easy, and I may not always be here to guide you, but if you look inside yourself, you’ll never go wrong. My darling Alexandra, follow your heart and it will lead you towards happiness.
All my love,
Daddy.

The oversize “D” on daddy had faded almost to nothing. The same spot that her single tear always fell upon. Fifteen tears had fallen. She sniffed, steadied herself, and folded the letter away. Its message, its promise, and the deep, lion-like voice of her father still rung in her ears.

• • •

“Ouch,” Lizzie said, bumping her head against the wall at the back of the wardrobe. She had climbed deep inside now, too deep to move far without potentially bringing the entire rack of shoes down on top of her. If Andrew walked into the bedroom, he’d see a pair of high heels and the bottom of a green dress flailing against the wardrobe door.
“Lizzie, for fuck’s sake, are you ready?” he yelled from the bottom of the stairs. “The car’s here, we’ve got to go.”
“Just a fucking minute!” Finally, she found what she’d been searching for underneath a fur coat. She couldn’t remember if it had been part of a fashion show or Hallowe’en costume. She pulled the cardboard box out from its hiding place and finally extricated herself from the wardrobe, thankfully free of any falling shoes.
She sat cross-legged with her back to the wardrobe mirror with the box on her lap. Calista Murphy — Belongings. The words had faded over the years, just as the edges of the box had frayed. The cardboard fibers showed. With quiet concentration, she opened the box flaps and rummaged through. She wasn’t interested in the necklace or the rings, but in a chunky day-planner, its edges slightly singed and crinkled from water damage. She placed it on top of the box, creaking the rusty binder rings open to a well-worn page … the same date, exactly fifteen years ago. Fly to Paris … the only thing written. Pressed between the pages sat a cream envelope, stamped with the royal seal of the Prince of Wales, with “To my son” written on it. She held it in her hands for a moment, taking in the smell, taking in the weight of it. Even after all this time…
“Lizzie. Come on!”
She cursed Andrew under her breath and stuffed the letter inside her purse.
“What’s wrong?” Andrew asked as she made it to the bottom of the stairs.
She buried her eyes deep into his. “Who the fuck is Michael?” Lizzie demanded with a sense of growing betrayal.
“Who?” Andrew had one hand on the door handle, ready to go, but his face became drawn as if he’d give anything to be somewhere else.
“Michael. You know. The guy from my office who you took home and fucked and watched as he fucked some guy in a mask. Did I get that right?”
With a roll of his eyes, Andrew stepped away from the door. “Do we have to discuss this now?” he said in the tone of a bored child. “The car’s waiting.” Part of him looked almost proud of the conquest, like he’d won some medal by sneaking a fuck from someone in her office.
Lizzie stood on the last step of the stairs, her hand gripping the balcony, not wanting to lose her vantage point. She looked straight down at him. There was no point anymore in keeping things coy. Too much had changed this day. The anxieties that had kept her awake for weeks, for months leading up to this day, had simply become irrelevant. She’d made that bargain with Alexandra in great part because she did not trust herself to follow through on what needed to be done. Now it was too late to turn back. Andrew had to be pulled from the building before she set it aflame.
“We don’t have to do this now, no. But when, Andrew? When are you going to wake up and realize James doesn’t give a shit about you. He never has. He never will. He’s using you and always has been. Are you really going to spend the rest of your life running around after that selfish little prick, bringing endless guys home for him and cleaning up his mess?” She had to let it out. She had to tell him, because no one else would. No one else knew. She loved Andrew. She loved him, even though he would never love her. He was more than the brother that had been stolen from her. He was her in a different world … the poor soul entrapped in the majesty of royalty, enchanted by the ancient thrill of being a courtier. She had at least been given the distance to see this family for what it was: a cruel, bloodsucking relic of the past. She had to save him from himself, even if that caused him tremendous pain.
Andrew said nothing, but his face drained of color. The dark circles around his eyes, engraved from a day of tears, flashed like headlights in the mist. His face became sunken, skull-like, as if he was really a hundred years old. He turned away and opened the front door to the sound of a car engine waiting at the bottom of the street. She followed him quickly out the house and saw him wipe a tear from his eye, then throw it to the ground.

• • •

The red carpet buzzed as photographers pushed and shouted to get the best snap of the arriving guests. Andrew stood near the entrance to the Royal Albert Hall, talking with Roger, the royal editor of the Gazette tabloid. A velvet rope separated them and their worlds.
“Celeb or royal?” Roger asked as the next limousine pulled up. Andrew thought for a moment.
“Celeb.” The car door opened, and they stared as if watching the final moments of a horse race.
“Ooh, the Duke and Duchess of Kent. Bad luck, mate. That makes what, eight to four?” Roger said. The elderly couple meandered up the red carpet to the less than enthusiastic snaps of photographers. “Isn’t her crown a bit much for a duchess?” Roger wondered, as the cousins of the Queen got bored of waiting for attention from the press. The duchess hiked up her dress and marched towards the entrance.
“It’s a tiara,” Andrew said, getting bored of his anxiety. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt like this. From the king of all he’d surveyed, to this broken and worried man…
“So,” Roger said, “will this new girlfriend be wearing a tiara, too?”
“You’ll see soon enough, I’m sure.”
“Come on,” Roger begged, his phone at the ready. “Everyone will know soon. What’s the harm in giving your old bud a five-minute head start?”
“It’s not my news to break.” He had no energy for Roger’s ribbing, no power for the required banter between press and royal gatekeepers. He just wanted to see James, to gaze upon his face, meet him eye to eye and mouth I love you.
Roger looked at him, surprised, just as the crowd started to cheer again. Another limousine pulled up to the mouth of the red carpet. The photographers jostled for position to get that world famous first shot, just in case it might be the car with the future queen.
“Okay, Andy, double or nothing. Celeb or royal?”
Andrew primed himself, as if ready for a race. His heart started to pound so loud he worried Roger would hear. He knew this car. He knew it well. Inching down the red carpet, he turned to Roger and gave him a wink. It took all his might to keep himself steady … to keep himself sane.
A royal protection officer in a dark suit moved to open the car door, which might as well have been red meat to the press pack. The velvet rope strained to the point of breaking as the pushing and shoving reached a crescendo. Andrew could at least be thankful he remained on the right side of the rope, for now.
James stepped out of the limousine. His blond hair slicked back, looking effortlessly handsome in his tuxedo and charming the crowd with his smile. Andrew made it halfway down the red carpet, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible. Not easy on a red carpet. The challenge was made harder by the attention of the world’s media on the other occupant of the car. James waved at the royal fans on one side of the red carpet and gave a sly nod to the press pack on the other.
He turned back to the car and put an arm inside. The noise became deafening. People shouted in Andrew’s ear, and he heard Roger’s voice yelling his name. After an agonizing pause, a foot in a white high-heel shoe could be seen, then another. Then the fringe of a silvery dress, and, without a moment’s delay, Katyn emerged, a beautiful butterfly from the cocoon-like car, one gloved hand clasping James’.
Andrew might as well have been transported to another dimension. The flashes of light and shouting left him momentarily without senses. Maybe he closed his eyes, but when his sight came back, he couldn’t have spoken if he tried. Katyn looked every piece the princess. Her Scandinavian hair was interwoven with the diamond tiara, as if she’d been crowned already. The sparkling silver dress wrapped around her arms before plunging down her chest, showing off the ample cleavage Andrew had never noticed before.
The dress looked magnificent in its simplicity, while the white elbow gloves, diamond necklace, and clutch added the perfect amount of sophistication. But none of that mattered to Andrew. Her smile killed him. Her smile, his smile, the smile they shared as if they belonged together…
All of a sudden James looked the man he should be, like the prince he’d been born to be, a handsome and dashing royal wrapped in a tuxedo with a beautiful blonde princess on his arm. Everything about the scene looked perfect, as though this was how it always should’ve been, and as if Andrew was the one who’d deprived the world of this for so long. He couldn’t tell if James’ smile looked real or not, through the haze of tears threatening to burst forth from his eyes. He couldn’t even trust his own judgment anymore.
The royal couple stepped away from the car as it drove off, engine drowned out by the ecstatic screams of the crowd that had seemingly multiplied in a second. Andrew got shoved by a photographer trying to get a better shot, or more than one, as pack went crazy. The main event had arrived, all white skin, blonde hair, and perfect teeth.
As they moved up the rope line, her arm wrapped around the prince’s, Andrew’s typical role of batting off questions directed to James seemed wildly out of place. Nevertheless, one or two shouted his name. He just didn't know what to say.
Maybe everything about the last fifteen years had been a lie. Perhaps the fifteen-year-old boy that had committed himself to this prince, to this life, had been as wrong then as he felt now. What an idiot he must have been. How stupid to take his own loneliness, his own issues of abandonment and lack of parental love and place it all at the feet of a man who could only ever be partially there. His legs began to tremble like there was no solid ground beneath him. His throat gasped for air like there was no oxygen. His head spun in a furious whirl like there was no longer gravity to hold him to earth.
A crescendo of voices shouted at her, yelling that she looked beautiful and demanding to know who she wore. Andrew moved further down the line towards the couple. Even I can see how perfect they look together.
“Andy, Andy, who is she?” someone from behind the rope yelled at him, the poor guy trying not to be crushed by the press pack. He snapped into work mode, listening for the rest of the question. Who is she wearing? he expected, which he didn’t know.
“Come on, mate, who’re we taking a photo of?” came another question from the pack. In a moment, Andrew realized the situation. They had no idea who she was.
Andrew set aside his desire to melt away into the sewer. He took a deep breath, and tried as best he could to suspend reality and abandon emotion. “Accompanying Prince James is her Royal Highness, Princess Katyn of Sweden.” Suddenly, he commanded their full attention. The royal couple, just feet away from Andrew, turned to greet the well-wishers on the other side of the red carpet. Andrew glanced straight at James, eyes boring into the side of his head, waiting for the split second when their eyes might meet.
It didn’t happen. As James turned his head away, his eyes remained locked to the ground. Now he could only stare into the back of his lover’s head as they began to shake hands with the crowd.
Andrew’s breath left him. But it came right back as his phone buzzed in his breast pocket. Lizzie had sent a dozen messages.
The dress. Topshop. £80. People's princess.
Andrew spread his hands out like a conductor, and the time had come to make his chorus sing. He summoned the energy to apply the one skill he had, or thought he’d had; to deflect the attention of the world away from his secrets.
“She is the youngest daughter of King Sven the tenth of Sweden. They were recently introduced,” Andrew swallowed hard, “by a mutual friend. The princess picked her dress just today, actually. It’s from Topshop. I believe it’s quite the bargain at only eighty pounds.”
“Andy! Andy! When’s the wedding?” It was Roger, asking with a smirk on his face.
“Give it time, they’re just dating … for now.” The words floated from his mouth like they’d been spoken by a stranger. His body was no longer his, his voice and brain operating solely on muscle memory from years of lying to the press, dropping loaded phrases and coded words that kept them hungry yet satisfied at the same time. But one can only tease a hungry beast for so long. The name of that beast was consequence, and he could see it rushing towards him, fangs bared, craving a kill.
The photographers continued their assault, even as the couple headed to the door. Another limousine pulled up, and the collective attention shifted to who might be behind the next tinted window.
Andrew watched James and Katyn step inside the concert hall. James’ hand placed delicately on the small of her back, guiding her inside. His eyes never turned back.
“Thanks, Andy boy,” Roger said to him, the situation a bit quieter now as the pack enjoyed a momentary lull before the next car door opened. “It’s the story we’ve been waiting for. The cheap dress? Genius move, I tell you.”
“Yeah,” Andrew said, his eyes trained on the door James had just walked through. His energy was devoted trying to stop himself from crying on the red carpet. “She’s going to be a real people's princess.”
Not a second had passed before a gruff arm shoved into Andrew’s chest and didn’t let up. It knocked the breath out of him. The body of a large royal protection officer, one he didn’t know, wheelbarrowed him all the way back to the corner he’d started at.
“Who the fuck are you?” Andrew demanded.
But the man gave no response. He stood so close that Andrew felt the heat radiating from his face. But he didn't have the clean-shaven look of a well-trained member of the royal protection squad, handpicked from the best police and army officers. No, his thick neck and scruffy blond beard made him look so much more like a hired goon. A hired goon that had discretely pinned Andrew to the wall with an elbow to the chest. No one else noticed or cared. A moment later he understood why.
The door of the limousine opened, and out stepped Alexandra. Unusually for her, she looked resplendent in a gold-green gown and embroidered shawl, wearing the most incredible necklace Andrew had ever seen … a bright blue sapphire in the shape of a heart. That’s not Topshop. Alexandra beamed for the cameras and waved to the cheers of a much quieter crowd.
Andrew watched as Faisal, in an understated tuxedo, came out the car after her. His thick black hair was slicked and parted at one side, and his goatee was neatly trimmed. Andrew glared darkly at them.
Faisal placed his arm around his wife’s waist, and they kissed long enough for everyone to get a good shot. Arm in arm, the couple walked up the red carpet. But, unlike her younger brother, Alexandra paid no attention to the photographers or even the well-wishers. That’s odd … Usually she’ll kiss every poor baby offered to her.
Instead, the princess and her husband marched straight to the TV cameras set up just across from where Andrew was being held. The pack of journalists, who were only there for B-roll and recording to-camera pieces, looked bewildered. By longstanding convention, royals never spoke directly to the camera off the cuff, and certainly not without weeks of preparation and the close eye of a palace official. Andrew looked around and couldn’t see a single royal press officer nearby. She doesn’t even have a press secretary any more, does she? Andrew strained to get a better look, while the goon did his very best to block him completely from the limelight. The bone of the man’s elbow was digging into his rib cage. A fist swung dangerously closed to his balls, and he didn’t try to push anymore.
As Alexandra approached the cameras, Faisal let her hand go and stood just a few feet behind ,leaving the princess silhouetted against the camera lights. The scene looked like a prime minister on the steps of Downing Street, her husband behind her, about to announce some momentous event of national importance.
A hush fell over the red carpet, but one reporter felt brave enough to venture a question. “Ma’am, are you looking forward to tonight’s concert?”
Andrew stared at the scene, not even caring about the brute of a man still pressed against him anymore, but just fascinated by what might come next.
Alexandra took a deep breath. “Of course. And thank you to all for coming. It’s so wonderful to be here, to celebrate our thirtieth birthday, to raise money for charity, and of course to celebrate the memory of our dear father, whom I think about every day. I know if he were still alive, Prince Richard would be appalled at the news this morning.”
Alexandra paused for breath, as did everyone watching the scene. What the fuck is she playing at? Now Andrew wanted to run, to stop this, to stop her. He barely moved a muscle, and the goon doubled the pressure of his elbow into Andrew’s solar plexus. This is why I’m stuck here: to watch this and not be able to say a word or spin it all away.
“The truly terrible news about the brutal conflict in Syria which has claimed more than a million lives. It is appalling, and the international community must find a solution. And quickly, because we simply can't bear the lost birthdays of any more children.”
It took the press a beat to take in what Alexandra had just said. They wouldn’t even expect such words from a prime minister or president, let alone a princess who never talked. The hush remained, but then broke all at once in a rabble of shouts and questions as reporters and photographers switched from royal fluff to political meat. Andrew noticed Roger halfway back in the crowd, enraged that he’d already called it a night.
In the time it took the press to get their act together, Alexandra had already turned away from the camera and Faisal had taken her arm back into his. As the couple turned to walk into the concert hall, they ignored the battery of questions that were now being lobbed their way like live grenades, one after another. As Andrew watched them, he could only be impressed with her operation. Was this some scheme to help or hurt James? To get his girl troubles off the front page, or make them worse? Faisal, although on the other side of the Princess, caught Andrew’s eye. It wasn’t by accident, and neither was the noticeable wink Faisal gave him before the couple walked into the building.
Andrew rested his head against the wall, trying to make sense of everything. Finally, his captor released him and, only after taking a deep breath, he realized just how hard he’d been held. Andrew knew he didn’t know the meaning of what had just transpired, at least not yet. But he knew he’d seen that wink before, a long time ago.

• • •

Twelve years ago
Andrew ran across the rugby field, ever more conscious of how far away the changing rooms and hot showers were getting. He slowed down to a jog and tried to shake off the mud caked into his studded shoes. He crouched, picked up the cone from the grass, added it to the rope of cones, then got straight back up and started running toward the next one.
How many more to go? They had played rugby all afternoon in two groups. One group played at the furthest possible end of the field, practically on the border of the woods. There would be no telling where the cones had got to, but losing even one wasn’t worth the bollocking he would get from the PE teacher.
Since it was a Friday afternoon and a double period, the last of the day, they’d played an extra half hour. Andrew’s legs felt like they could collapse under him at any moment. After picking the next cone, he gave up on the running and slowed down to a walk. The other boys would be showered, changed, and hanging out in the common room before he even finished getting around the entire field.
He’d hoped to see James before dinner, to sneak into his room for five or ten minutes. It was boys’ night out tonight; every few Fridays their year head let the older boys, those over eighteen, go into town. They’d split off into groups of four or five, to try and get into whatever pub they could find. More often than not, they ended up at the Hog’s Head, where Joe, the landlord, always served them pints of cider.
So Andrew would end up carrying James back to his bed at the end of the night. James had been away for a few days for family duties and Andrew had been studying for an exam, so it had been well over a week since they’d last been together. Andrew thought about it as he walked to the next cone. Before picking it up, he stared at the hole at the top of it. Somehow it reminded him of James’ ass. If a cone is making me hard, I must be desperate.
The once bright afternoon sky had grown cloudier by the time Andrew arrived at the last cone. He turned around and looked back at the field he’d just finished trudging. The last few hundred feet had been practically a crawl. Without the adrenaline and rush of an actual game, the wind froze his already sore legs and the mud stuck to his jersey made it heavy. His whole body felt dirty. Mud always worked its way into every crack and crevice during rugby.
Finally, he picked up the last cone, added it to the others on the rope, which he now dragged behind him like a gorilla with a tree branch. The changing room hut never looked so welcoming. He put the cones away in the equipment shed before heading inside. It was empty. The others had long gone. But the remnants of twenty boys showering and changing were all too evident. A few wet towels lay strewn across the changing room floor, random socks and a couple of muddy jerseys still lay unclaimed
Andrew collapsed on the bench, his head rattling the metal locker. He kicked off his muddy rugby boots without undoing the laces, then peeled off the socks, feeling a lightness come back to him as his bare feet touched the cool tiled floor. Knowing he was alone, he didn’t bother with the charade of wrapping his towel around his waist before taking off his pants. We’re all naked in the shower anyway, I don’t know why they care so much.
As he stripped off, part of him couldn’t be happier that he got to shower alone on a Friday afternoon. Horseplay happened, particularly after a hard double period in the mud, with spirits high and often a hip flask of something passed around in the showers … if the teacher had already gone.
They’d kept their relationship at Eton secret for all this time, now with only weeks to go till the end of school. Andrew would turn nineteen just after the summer, and it felt long past time to join the real world, whatever that would mean for them. But, still, they both knew the slightest rumor of being a queer would spell a world of trouble. Showing a bit too much enthusiasm, or too little banter, could cause lasting damage.
Andrew padded naked out of the changing room and into the cold corridor that led to the shower block at the other end of the hut. His muscles ached, from his calves to his pecs. But he treasured his rugby body, just as he adored James’ swimmer’s body.
The sound of running water greeted him at the entrance to the showers. Someone had probably left one of the shower nozzles on. Andrew stepped inside, ready to go and turn it off. But he swallowed a gasp as he understood why the shower remained on. Someone stood underneath it, steam swirling around a muscular brown body, totally oblivious to his visitor. He had the biggest cock Andrew had ever seen. Long, thick, and hard, it was being worked over again and again with a soapy hand. His head rested against his other hand, plastered to the wall, as the water ran down his smooth back to an exotically hairy ass.
It took Andrew a moment to recognize Faisal. He knew the Saudi prince had stayed on an extra year, but he figured a twenty-year old wouldn’t want to spend a minute more than he had to at school. Andrew half thought to immediately turn around, but Faisal jerked in shock to see Andrew standing there. The moment could have been painfully embarrassing, but Faisal immediately stood straight and began lathering the rest of his taut body with soap and gave Andrew a wink.
“Hey, buddy, didn’t hear you. You know, any excuse to be under these showers, right? Beats the shitty dorm ones any day.”
“Yeah, mate,” Andrew said, grinning as well and turning on a nearby shower nozzle, “so much better.”
“So how come you’re so late today?” Faisal asked, washing the black hair that covered his chest and trailed off down his stomach to a thick bush. His cock must have been ten inches long and didn’t even seem fully erect.
“Eh, had to finish cleaning up the field, didn’t I. Bastards all left me an hour ago.” Andrew turned his back to Faisal and started soaping his body, praying his own cock wouldn’t betray him.
“Sucks mate.”
“Yeah,” Andrew agreed, his back still to Faisal as he started to wash between his ass cheeks. Shit, maybe this is giving a signal? He hoped not, but there certainly was no turning around, not yet anyway. “How come you’re here?”
“Lifting weights. Just killing time, really. I’m done here, but I can’t move into the dorms at Oxford for another month.
“Don’t want to go back to Saudi Arabia for the summer?” Andrew asked, lathering himself over and over again.
“Ha! Really? I’ve been in Britain so long they’d probably kill me as an infidel if I went back.”
Realizing he had started with a third round of soap, Andrew turned back around. Faisal also took an awful long time to get clean. Maybe he’s waiting for me to go.
Andrew thought he noticed Faisal taking a peek at him. At least he’d got it down to a semi. Compared to Faisal’s it looked beyond pathetic. Andrew realized just then that apart from James, he couldn’t think of another actual cock, hard cock, he’d really seen. He always kept his eyes up with the other boys, and any glances were of unimpressive flaccid ones owned by white boys … nothing like this Arabian stallion.
“So,” Faisal asked, “where’s James at?” Andrew glanced at him, seizing him up. His shoulders tightened at the mere suggestion of their friendship. People knew they were close, so Andrew would be the most likely person to know, but the question seemed so bizarre in the context of them soaping themselves in the shower.
“No idea. Haven’t seen him all week. He’s been off with family stuff, I think.”
Faisal smiled and turned around, giving Andrew the chance to stare at his ass as he began to wash himself there. A layer of black hair covered the ass cheeks, and Andrew took stock of the hairiness inside as Faisal washed, so different from the bare hairlessness of him and James.
“You’re a good friend to him, Andrew,” Faisal said, giving himself a last rinse before shutting off the water. “Be good to him, he deserves it.” A gleam of seriousness swept over him. Andrew stared into Faisal’s brown eyes and gave a curt nod in agreement.
“He’s my best mate. I’ll always be there for him.”
“I know you will,” Faisal said, heading for the exit, dripping. “Coming?”
“Yeah,” Andrew said, shutting off the water and pleased as hell his boner had disappeared. Faisal, though, was another matter.
Back in the changing room, the boys dried themselves off and talked about nothing in particular for a few minutes; the places they could get served in town. Faisal sat down naked on the bench across from Andrew and started to dry his feet.
“You know what the worse thing about Saudi is? We only have each other growing up.”
“What d’you mean?” Andrew asked, wrapping the towel around his waist and pulling out a pair of clean pants from his locker, ready to do the awkward dance to get them on.
“Like, I know here it’s all boys, right, at Eton. But at least there’re some girls around, in town and stuff. You lads can go out and chat them up whenever you like. Saudi’s not like that, not at all. We can’t even talk to girls.” Faisal finished drying his feet and sat back, legs spread, his head rattling the locker and his cock laying against his leg. “It’s hard, mate. Can’t even think about getting a casual BJ from any girl there. You got to marry her, and even then they’re not like here.”
Andrew looked at him for a moment, still holding onto his pants. Faisal gave him a wink. “It’s really hard.” Suddenly Faisal’s hand was on his cock, gently rubbing the cut head, another new sight to Andrew. “I asked about James earlier ’cause I thought you two maybe had something going on … you know, something between you two.”
Andrew felt his body turn cold and his heart sink as if being washed away down the drain. “Nothing like that, no … nothing. We’re good mates, that’s all. Nothing more.”
“Aren’t we good mates too?”
“Yeah, course we are.”
“Maybe more like cousins, you and me. Don’t see each other all the time, but when we do, we have fun.”
“Sure,” Andrew said, swallowing hard. His stomach did flips inside him.
“You know what cousins do in Saudi? They help each other out.” Andrew couldn’t move his eyes away from Faisal. It had grown to its full size and no longer lay across his leg, but jutted up past his belly button. “Looks like you need some help too,” Faisal said. Andrew looked down and saw he’d become rock hard under his towel.
Faisal began to stand up, his balls lifting off the bench and swinging between his hairy thighs as he stepped closer to Andrew.
“I trust my cousins more than my friends.” Faisal rested his hand against the locker behind Andrew, trapping him in. “I’d never betray my family. Don’t you think we’re family, you and me?” Andrew could feel the heat coming off Faisal’s naked body. “Families keep secrets.”
A hand found the gap in the towel. Slowly, Faisal ran it up the inside of Andrew’s thigh, making all the hairs on his body stand on end.
“You want to help your cousin out?” Faisal asked, as his hand slid under Andrew’s balls and touched his ass. “Unless you and James-ey boy like to keep things to yourselves?”
“No, no way. There’s nothing between us.”
Faisal grinned at him, his grip tightening.
Andrew gasped. “Yeah, I’ll help you out.”
Faisal undid Andrew’s towel and it dropped to the floor. As one finger started to press on his hole, another grazed the head of his cock. Andrew moaned. His legs felt weak. The sensation overwhelmed him.
“Like it?” Faisal asked, dropping a bit of spit onto the head of Andrew’s cock and rubbing it against his palm.
“Yeah.”
“You’ll keep our secret, little cousin?” Andrew gasped again, as Faisal’s finger slid inside him. For the first time in his life, he felt the sensation of something going inside his ass.
“I’ll do anything.” The finger moved around, touching places inside Andrew never knew were there. Andrew desperately wanted Faisal to take control over him, to do whatever he wanted, make him submit … to just surrender to overwhelming desire.
Slowly, Faisal opened Andrew up with another finger while stroking the head of his cock. Andrew braced himself against the lockers, bending his knees, begging Faisal to get further inside him. Faisal pulled his fingers out and instantly Andrew felt a weird mix of unfulfilled relief wash over him. Faisal wrapped an arm under his waist and pushed Andrew further down. Faisal spat Onto Andrew’s hole. Something pushed against it. It wasn’t more fingers. The head of Faisal’s cock slowly worked its way inside him.
“Like it?”
“Yeah,” Andrew grunted. “More. Gimme more.”
“All you white boys are bottom bitches in the end.” Faisal spat on his cock and pulled Andrew all the way down onto it, till Faisal’s hairy balls slapped against Andrew’s. For a few moments he waited, giving Andrew just enough time to gulp down air and get used to the sensation. After a moment, Andrew nodded his head.
The Saudi prince grabbed onto both of Andrew’s hips, pulled all the way out to the tip, then slammed his cock inside again, then again, relentlessly. Andrew’s hand wrapped around his own dick, jerking it insanely fast one moment and squeezing it the next, so he wouldn’t come too soon. This was not how he fucked James. Not at all … They looked into each other's eyes. They kissed. They asked each other how it felt.
Faisal just took it and took it hard. He lifted his foot onto the bench to get a better angle. Andrew moaned in a way he never had before, as even more dick slammed inside him. Soon, Faisal started to grumble. The slamming thrusts hit him with more force. The grip of his hands on Andrew’s hips grew stronger. The grumbles turned into grunts.
The sweat dripped from Andrew’s forehead down to the tip of his nose, then plopped onto the bench. They slid against each other, bodies wet. The orgasm began to bubble up inside Andrew; he felt scared it would soon take him over and he wouldn’t be able to stop it. Faisal had lost control, as well.
Finally, Faisal slammed full force inside, deeper than he had gone before. He yelled out with a whooping grunt, like a champion boxer defeating his opponent. Andrew felt thoroughly beaten, but still felt like he could claim victory as his insides expanded with shot after shot from Faisal. Without warning, his own body trembled, shook and convulsed as he came, hitting the metal locker over and over again, then dripping onto the bench, his cock still hard.
Faisal gave a few final thrusts inside him, before withdrawing his softening cock. Andrew tried to stand up, but he couldn't. His legs were so weak he collapsed onto the bench.
“You’re not done.” He said to Andrew, stroking his lip.
Andrew couldn't peel his eyes away. Despite feeling completely spent, a part of him still wanted more. He took Faisal back in his mouth, licking up the last drops. The size of Faisal’s cock, even getting softer, nearly made him choke. He kept sucking, enchanted by the taste of his hot skin and the taste of himself.
“That’s enough for now, boy. You did good.”
Andrew didn’t move from the bench as he watched Faisal get dressed. They didn’t say a word to each other. Andrew could have taken him again right there. He slipped a finger down to his ass hole, curious to feel it. It slid in easy, the wetness still inside him. His thoughts turned to James as he explored with his finger. If only he would treat Andrew like that once in a while. He wondered if James would ever fuck him the way Faisal had just done. He wondered if anyone could ever do that.
“Remember, mate,” Faisal said, now fully dressed in his Eton uniform, except that his shirt was untucked and the tie hung untied around his neck. The undone top button gave a hint of the dark hair underneath. “Family looks out for each other.”
Suddenly, Andrew felt naked and exposed, sitting with his finger inside his hole. “I’ll never forget,” Andrew responded.
“Good man. I’ll see you.”
Andrew heard the door of the changing room creak open and then close as Faisal left. He exhaled deeply, trying to come to terms with what had just happened. A pang of fear took hold … a pang of shame. Faisal scared him … He must’ve known something existed between James and himself. Suddenly, he feared that Faisal might say something to James. He tried to shake it off as he headed back to the shower to wash off the evidence. What would happen if James found out? More frightening still, what would happen if James could never do to Andrew what Faisal had just done?
The water ran hot as Andrew, finally alone, washed everything away, burying his fears and newfound desires deep, deep inside him.

Chapter Eight

Present day
The Royal Albert Hall clamored with chatter as the great and the good mingled, inching towards their seats. The sound of a few bows of a violin, plucks of a harp, and beats of a drum wafted over the crowd from the orchestra pit as the musicians warmed up. The air itself was electrified with anticipation for the televised concert, featuring the best music and comedy in Britain.
Andrew, however, sat glum and sullen in the tenth row from the front, next to Lizzie, who was making small talk with the people behind. Andrew was in no mood for chit chat. Getting to James was the only thing that occupied his mind. Suddenly, the hall went quiet before the audience gave a collective cheer. Andrew looked up at the royal box as the main guests arrived. The Queen took her seat in the center, with James and Katyn standing on one side waving to the crowd, and Faisal and Alexandra on the other.
Faisal gave his wife a kiss on the cheek and held her middle while she waved. Andrew glared his way, hoping his mind would bring some great revelation. Katyn, on the other hand, looked ecstatic. She waved and grinned like she’d just given an encore in Evita.
The orchestra started to play “Happy Birthday” and the audience joined in with rousing enthusiasm, while Andrew fiddled for his phone.
“Will you calm the fuck down?” Lizzie said as the crowd sang. “If he wants to speak to you, he’ll let you know.”

• • •

James walked the length of the corridor towards the bathroom, glad to be finally alone. The concert only started twenty minutes ago but he’d already had more than enough. If being set up with Katyn against his will was bad, being with her was even worse. She’d clung to his arm and screeched at every song she knew. In the car, she’d talked the entire way, non-stop, for half an hour. She only shuts her damn mouth when she gets her picture taken.
Frank, the royal protection officer, walked a few steps ahead of James. Frank stepped into the bathroom first, took a look around, then held the door open for him.
“Thanks, Frank. I just need a bit of a break for a while.”
Frank nodded and took up his stance outside the door.
James turned the cold tap on and held his wrists underneath. Feeling cooler relaxed him. It’d been less than twenty-four hours since the party, and the come-down was killing him. Now he really wished Andrew could be with him. He always carried the coke.
The creeping thought of that man filled him with a splash of white hot anger. He wanted nothing more than to rip the smooth sink from the wall and smash it against the tiles. How dare Andrew go and fuck things up so royally. If only that drain would let him dissolve into the pipes beneath the city, to float away from this gathering storm on a moon-drenched tide.
James turned off the tap and heard voices outside.
“Hey, Frank, I need him for a minute.” Andrew’s voice … James cursed Frank under his breath as the door swung open.
“What do you want?” James demanded.
“I just want to talk, is that so hard?” Andrew asked, stepping forward as if trying to calm an injured bear. “This is ridiculous. You’ve been ignoring me all day.”
James took a step back and folded his arms. “Why did you push it? Why couldn’t you just leave it alone?”
“James I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for this to happen. Everything just spun out of control, but Alexandra, she…”
“Oh I get it, you conspired with my worst enemy behind my back, right? You and that bitch decided to set me up.”
“Set you up? What are you talking about? Of course not. She’s behind all this. She arranged it all with Katyn before I even…”
“Before you got on fucking television and told the whole world?” James could see the weight of it all dropping on Andrew. Perhaps he should feel sympathy for him … realize he’d made an honest mistake under pressure of a live interview and done his best to clean it up. James wished he was that type of person. The one person he thought he could trust in the world had betrayed him in the most vicious way. Andrew had taken his deepest fear that James had only ever whispered to him in the dead of night — being trapped in marriage — and dropped him into it, like some demented circus ringmaster trapping an unwitting tiger.
“I’m sorry, James. I’m so sorry,” Andrew said with a broken voice through streams of tears. “I didn’t mean to, I really didn’t. I just thought, it would just, it would get everyone off your back for a while and we could figure everything out.”
“You thought wrong,” James said as Andrew approached him, wiping away tears. He tried to kiss James. Their lips touched, and for a moment their tongues did too, but James pulled away. There would be no hug and forgiveness for this mess. Not when James’ heart lay open and wounded from the stab of betrayal.
“Get off me.”
“Why, James, why? Please.”
“You can’t fix this, don’t you get it? What the fuck am I meant to do now? They want us to get married, Andrew. They’re planning a fucking wedding!” He turned away from Andrew in disgust.
“James, please! I’m sorry. Let’s figure this out.”
“There’s nothing to figure out. This is why I told you last year to leave it alone. Unless…” James looked at Andrew in a new light. “Unless this is your way of leaving?” At first the thought had been too insane to comprehend. Sitting in his mother’s conservatory that morning, feeling his stomach sink between his legs, his thoughts had flocked to that darkest place. Andrew had got sick of him. Sick of hiding, fed up with the closeted life, done with the half-relationship James had forced him to endure while everyone else in the world walked hand-in-hand down the aisle.
“No, James. No.” Andrew moved to grab his arm, but James moved it away.
“Makes sense, really. You’re dumping me and salting the earth by dropping me into the middle of this fucked up Disney romance, so no one else can ever have me.” The darkest thoughts crept back. The fear he’d pushed from his mind, dulled with carnivorous pleasures of their life together, now broadcast on the evening news.
“No, no, no! James it’s not true. I love you, please!” The words landed empty on James’ ears. The performance was a spirited one, but one ever so slightly lacking in authenticity. The line put in the play merely to rouse a laugh from the audience. The actor knew the critic was watching…
“You’ve ruined it.”
Andrew dropped to his knees on the bathroom floor, his hands clasped up in the air, tears rolling down his face. James looked down at him for a moment. They’d had some big fights before, and had even been through a few faux breakups over their fifteen years together, but those had never lasted more than a day. This felt different. Unlike an argument after too many drinks, this damage felt permanent. James had loved that every moment with Andrew felt like a moment outside the world of royalty, as if he led his own life and could claim to be master of his own fate, captain of his own soul. His secret life with Andrew the real one; the public life was fake. Now, those two worlds had collided, and things could never be the same again.
James moved past Andrew, still begging on his knees, towards the door. “James, please! I love you.”
“No, you don’t.” James replied, his hand on the door handle. “You love what I am.” Then he left, as Andrew slid fully onto the floor in a pool of his own tears. A pool of his own making.
Frank nodded at James as he closed the bathroom door behind him. He breathed in deeply with a creeping fear Andrew might burst through the door in fiery rage. James shook his head to himself. Beneath the anger, beneath the tears, was only fear. From the unsettling terror of his grandmother’s cold eyes to the poison words of his sister, and now the sickly-sweet smile of his bride to be in name only. The walls were truly closing in.
Truthfully, it didn’t matter what Andrew said or did anymore. The match had been struck. Their old life lay in tatters on a bathroom floor. His heart fluttered, and he breathed out a trembling sigh. Another more entrenched fear now threatened his composure … that of confronting the honest truth of his heart. But he could only fight one battle at a time. This day had already come with enough heartache.
“Are you ready, Your Royal Highness?” Frank asked, trying to hide his concern behind a steely sheen of professionalism.
James looked at the bathroom door handle one more time, his hand still clasped around the metal, holding his mind still. Inside his head, a hellish symphony boomed and droned a thundering beat. He let the silent noise wash over his mind, surrendering himself to the memories he liked to get lost in … him sandwiched between curves of an unknown man on his back like the lines of an angel dressed in cocaine white. How he wished things could be that simple again.
James sniffed and wiped away a single tear. Those memories wouldn’t work, because every single one contained Andrew’s touch … before, after, and always. That fear crept up his throat again like a parasite trying to break free, but he gritted his teeth against it and steeled his fists by his side. If only Andrew could burst out that door, take James by the hand and pull him into the night. He paused for one more moment, studying the wood like it was the tomb of an unknown soldier.
“I am.”
James turned his back on the unopened door. The two of them walked down the corridor, back to the confines of the royal box, in silence.

• • •

The spring night air had turned cool. Where, only an hour before, crowds had cheered and journalists yelled, now men in high-visibility jackets cleaned up the last of the debris. Andrew stepped out of the building just as two men finished rolling up the red carpet.
“Out the way, mate,” one said, pushing him aside. Andrew ripped off his bowtie and wrapped himself up in his jacket, both to keep out the wind and to try to look like he hadn’t just rushed out of a formal affair.
Craving some air and time to think, he set off for the tube station and turned onto the busier Exhibition Road. Taxis zoomed past Imperial College on the right, their lights reflecting off its glass and steel exterior. The ultra-modern facade of the university stood in stark contrast to the grand colonnade townhouses on his left. Students in groups of three or four mingled around the street, even at this hour of the evening. Andrew wondered for a moment. Night school … studying something … having a career or even a life outside the palace, outside James … the enticing anonymity of London … it could all be possible. After all, these people did it.
He crossed Cromwell Road, nearly at South Kensington tube station. His eye looked for the sign. Two men walked towards him. They were laughing at some joke only they shared. One had his arm over the other's shoulder. They looked the same age as him, this couple, going out somewhere or coming home, not caring who else would see them together, not interested in other people's opinions. Andrew walked down the middle of the pavement, so the couple separated as they approached him. The one who’d had his arm around his lover's shoulder kept his eye on Andrew as they passed. Their faces locked into each other for just a precious moment. Andrew’s head turned back as momentum carried this stranger forward, away from him and back to his lovers’ arms.
Andrew looked back, just to take in their happiness. The man glanced back as well and gave Andrew a wink. How fragile was the love between two men…. How dependent on the airs and graces of history, and determined by the cruel reality of geography…. So what if he lived in twenty-first century Britain, where marriage and family were realistic, even expected, life goals for someone like him? Gay, that’s what we are. James and I are nothing but a couple of closeted gays, hiding from the world. He might as well be a subject of Faisal’s father, for all the good it did him. Life as consort to a king felt no different than life in a dungeon … just with nicer walls.
He felt like screaming, like dragging these two poor guys in front of James and yelling Look. Look at these two. It’s this simple. Stop being so afraid. But instead, he turned and walked even quicker towards the tube, wiping away a tear.
He remembered the few occasions they’d gone to Buckingham Palace alone together, when the Queen would insist on taking tea with them in one particular room adorned with a stunning portrait of Edward the second. In the corner facing it hung a smaller painting of a young man, equally as handsome.
“That painting over there is Piers Gaveston,” the Queen had explained to them over blueberry scones one afternoon, many years ago. “He was the lover of Edward the second, my ancient ancestor, and got rather too big for his boots. Thought he could run the show, act like he was second in command.” Andrew and James glanced at each other as they sipped their tea. “Shame what happened to him, really. Impaled on the swords of two Welshman.” The Queen picked up a knife and stabbed it through a scone, sawing it in half. “And the poor King, buggered to death with a hot poker.” She handed each of them one crumbling half.
“Granny,” James said, “that sort of thing doesn't happen anymore. We’re not living in the dark ages.”
“Perhaps not,” she responded to James while staring straight at Andrew, “but some things never change.”
By the time Andrew got back to the flat he still hadn’t decided whether to get drunk or high, but he’d resolved to get his head far, far away. His key opened the door and he stepped into the familiar darkness. Right now, it felt like a refuge. He dropped his tuxedo jacket and pulled off his shoes all at once. In fact, he took everything off, right down to his boxers, and went straight for the top cupboard in the kitchen where the best part of a bottle of a twenty-one-year-old Balvenie still sat.
He padded around the small flat, taking gulps of whisky — neat — and turning everything over in his mind. He walked into the bedroom, bare and clean. The bed was freshly made up with chestnut color sheets. Andrew stood in the doorway, staring at the bed and finishing the glass. The things we’ve done here.
Maybe that’s our problem. Too much sex — unnatural sex. Andrew tried to think about the last time the two of them had been together, just them, without stimulants or special guests. He couldn’t remember, and it made him sadder than he thought possible. He started to recall … last year, alone on a yacht docked in Monte Carlo … they’d made love like the teenagers they used to be, and it had been such a disappointment. Guess it’s my fault as much as his…
He went back into the kitchen and poured another, fuller, glass. He didn’t want the television on … didn’t want to check his phone. Maybe he would go back out into the night. Free and alone, he mind some anonymous hook-up and fuck away all his troubles.
But he found himself back on the bed again, sitting on the edge. He placed the glass on the bedside table, next to the one framed photo of the two of them that had been there for years. He remembered the moment perfectly…. Singapore, when they’d been all of twenty-two. They were sitting on a stone wall in a jungle resort, two trees intertwined in a heart shape behind them, each holding a baby monkey and grinning broadly. Andrew stared at it, wondering how he felt. Was this now a picture of an ex? A memento from a time so far back in the past he might as well be remembering a movie? Or, was it a reminder of all they had shared in life, of their shared life, intertwined like the trees, for good or for bad, forever?
He knew it would be a mistake, but he opened the bottom drawer of the bedside table, pulled out a shoebox and placed it on the bed beside him. The only light came from the kitchen, but it was just enough. With the glass in one hand, he took off the lid with the other and started to root through the mound of Polaroid pictures, postcards, foreign money, and little handwritten notes from their life together.
He dug to the bottom and felt around the edges of the Polaroids. Not that one … not that one either. This one. He pulled out the picture with the frayed edges and placed it on his lap. He drained the whisky, then flopped onto the bed, holding the photo up to his face. Andrew remembered everything about this picture. He’d just been given a Polaroid camera for his sixteenth birthday, and the first thing the two of them did was to take it on a walk in the fields around Eton.
“Let’s take a picture of us,” James said, standing on top of the hill that overlooked the school.
“Are you sure?” Andrew asked, also making it to the top. He’d been a bit behind the whole way, stopping all the time to look at the view through the camera. “What if someone sees the picture?”
“Who will see? We’ll keep them for us. You’ll keep them all.”
“Okay,” Andrew said, smiling at him. “Let’s do it.”
They turned so the school was behind them. James put his arm around Andrew’s waist and pulled him in close, while Andrew held the camera in front of them. He hoped it would catch them and they wouldn’t end up wasting too much film.
“One … two…”
James kissed him on the cheek just as Andrew’s finger hit the button. Andrew shook the picture hard while they waited for the picture to print,
“Let me see?” James asked. Andrew had held the camera a bit too close … part of his head and shoulders were cut off. But his smile was there, soft and happy, with James’ lips planted on his cheek.
“Perfect.” James said.
“Yeah, it really is.”
“Andrew.”
“Yeah?
“I love you.”
“I love you too, James. I always will.”
Holding tight onto the picture, tears streaming down his face, Andrew marched into the kitchen and grabbed his phone.

Chapter Nine

Bill preferred to read the first edition of the Gazette by the light of his computer screen. It reminded him he had to go home at some point. In years gone by, Elena would have called him around this time, after she’d seen the front page on the news, and would ask him if there was anything more he could do that night. Of course, the answer would always be no. Bill would be back by eleven, kiss his sleeping son, and enjoy the rest of the night with his wife.
That had been years ago.
He turned to page four and five, plastered with pictures of the new princess Katyn. The People’s Princess … one of Roger’s better headline ideas. A subheading reported that every Topshop in the country had already sold out of Katyn’s dress, even though she’d worn it just hours ago. He had to admit it was a masterstroke by the royals. People endured their Queen, Victoria II. She’d never inspired love … not since the death of her only son, anyway. For some reason people blamed her, quietly at least, for his death. Conspiracy theories abounded that the Prince wasn’t actually dead, but had in fact run off to some island with his secretary. Rumors of their affair had swirled in the year before their death, causing a whispered storm that the heir to the throne might leave his wife for a Catholic redhead from Belfast. Their marriage would have been forbidden by law. The more he thought about it, the more he wondered if it wasn’t in fact true.
Bill remembered, with perfect clarity, each moment of the night Richard died. He’d been deputy editor back then. The headline should have been something about speed cameras. … a nonsense story that was kept on file to fill in the days when nothing particularly interesting happened. For some reason, the BBC arrived at the scene of the crash very quickly and broke the news. In a state of shock, Bill had rooted through the filing cabinet to find the pre-written obituary for Prince Richard that he’d thought he would never have to use.
Not long after, the hospital paged him. That night he wrote the front-page story with a pen and paper from his wife’s hospital room as she slept. The night duty nurse faxed a copy to the newsroom for him. When Elena woke the next morning, Bill told her he had a front-page story that day. He remembered everything about her face as she smiled at him. Her dimpled cheeks, the tube inside her nose, the woolly hat she wore to cover up her bald head … she’d been so proud.
Bill’s mobile rang, breaking him out of the memories that really served no purpose these days but to bring him down.
“Hi, son. Sorry, I know it’s late.”
“It’s alright, Dad.” Bill could hear the cutting disappointment of his son through the phone. He might be nineteen and with a life of his own, but he still wanted his dad home at night. “I saw your front page on the news. That girl is hot.”
Bill chuckled, but it brought a pang of sadness, too, that Elena wouldn’t get to see the bright young lad she’d raised. He took after her so much, even so far as calling him when the news flashed up the next day’s front page; a gentle reminder that the day was done, and he could come home. It kept him honest, he always felt … something rare in the tabloids. He’d never print something he wouldn’t want his son calling him up about. He still read every word as if Elena herself was reading it back to him aloud.
“Yup, she is beautiful.” He smoothed the pages of tomorrow’s paper out in front of him, making sure they’d cut out the paragraph that’d questioned if Prince James wasn’t in fact 100% straight. He’d erupted in fury at the journalist who’d dropped that line in. It was far too early in the game for accusations like that. The lack of public evidence of a girlfriend was not a case for a closeted prince, especially not this prince. Even hinting at such an idea would piss a lot of people off and could easily erupt in a wave of royalist sympathy. The Brits were nothing if not fickle, and Bill knew full well his paper, like all institutions, only survived with the consent of the public.
“If you’re not coming home soon I might go out.”
The words made Bill stop reading the paper and pay attention. He looked at his watch … a quarter to eleven. He didn’t want to think about what his kid might be up to at this time of night.
“Don’t you think it’s a bit late for that?”
“I’d just go to a friend’s, Dad. It’s not like I’m going out to get hammered.”
“Which friend?” Bill glanced up as his office door opened. He beckoned Roger to come in and sit down.
“I don’t know … maybe Jonesy or Dan.” Bill relaxed as he recognized both of those names as lads from college. But still, he wanted to see his son at least once in this week.
“Look, I’ll be home in half an hour. Just stay in tonight, son. There’s still Chinese in the fridge?”
“Yeah.”
“Good. I’ll be home soon, I promise. Okay?”
“Fine.” There was a sigh down the line, but it made Bill feel like a little bit less of a crap parent.
“Love you, Greg.”
“Love you too, Dad.”
Bill placed the phone down and closed the paper, holding up the headline. “Princess Bombshell. Nice work,” he said to Roger. The headline ran across a full-page picture of James and Katyn together on the red carpet, waving at the crowd.
“You moved the bit about Alexandra inside?” Roger asked, sitting across the desk. Bill nodded, opened the paper and read:
“Princess Alexandra turns birthday bash political with Syria action call. Campaigners have praised the princess’ unusual intervention in the Syrian civil war, echoing her call for a renewed political solution to the conflict. Blah, blah, blah.” Bill closed the paper again and sat back in his chair. “What’s her game here?”
Roger grinned. “No idea, boss. But you gotta hear this.” Bill leaned forward as Roger put a phone on the desk and pressed a button. A recording of a voicemail played a voice they both recognized as Andrew Hodes, but in great distress.
“James, James, please! Just listen to me. We can fix this. I promise you we can. You don’t need to marry her, I love you. I always will and always have. I can’t live without you. James please, please call me. Just talk to me. I’m here, I’m at the flat. Please James, I love you. I need you back. We can figure it out together. I love you, that’s all.”
Bill picked up his phone and dialed. “Greg … son, I’m so sorry. Something’s come up.”

• • •

Andrew finished another glass of whisky, laying spread out on the couch in the dark, wearing only the boxers he’d started the day in. The dregs of the glass felt like the dregs of his life. Nursing it just meant delving deeper into despair. His eyes started to feel heavy, and he reached over to put the glass on the coffee table, worried it would fall and smash should God be good and grant him some sleep.
There will always be one last everything with someone, Andrew realized. One last word together, one last graze of cheek against cheek, skin against skin … there will be the last time you watch them get dressed as you lie in bed, and one last time they come over and kiss you on the forehead. There will be one last time you rub soap over their chest in the shower, one last time you hand them the toothpaste. You’ll share one last laugh, one last glass of wine, one last drive home, and one last sweaty embrace. Your eyes will open to their softly breathing body one morning, and you’ll never know it is to be for the very last time.
Andrew thought he heard a knock and held his breath, alert, but thinking it could have been the glass connecting with the table. He unclenched his muscles, convinced no one could be out there. Then it came again … a knock at the door.
He stumbled over, not wanting to even hope that it might be him, nor knowing what he would do if it was. Andrew clasped the handle, suddenly frozen in terror at what fate might rush to greet him should the door open. Would there be one more time? He took a slow and shallow breath that failed entirely to steady his pounding chest.
“James. You came.” The sudden face of the man he was used to seeing every single day hit him like a London bus. The hood from James’ jumper slung over a baseball cap, covering his features. Yet, to Andrew, he still looked like a prince … one that was rushing through the night in disguise. This truly was a fucked-up Disney romance.
Every fiber of Andrew wanted nothing more in the world than to embrace him. Every sinew wanted to be wrapped up in James’ arms, to kiss his neck, to stroke his hair and to fall back into their love. On that blackest midnight when James’ father had died and their love story began, Andrew had held him till the pain ebbed away and James could imagine that a dawn would come again. In those hours, something had occurred. Their spirits became entwined, their paths forged in the fire of an agony no child should endure. And in that pain, they’d created a protective bubble for themselves against the world … a bubble that now felt on the verge of bursting. The road they walked together all these years had suddenly reached its end, crumbling over the edge of a cliff. Fear held Andrew back.
“You’ve been drinking,” James said, as he stepped inside.
Andrew locked the door with a heavy bolt that echoed in the empty flat. The silence flooded in like an oppressive gas, the stale air smelling of Andrew’s tears and sadness. James walked right past him, eschewing the usual hug and brush of cheek against cheek. He leaned against the breakfast bar, arms folded, looking less angry than he had been a few hours earlier, but it didn’t make Andrew feel any better. The few feet between them dropped into an insurmountable abyss, with craggy edges and no fathomable way to build a bridge. Even his voice sounded distant, like James was calling to him across a windy moor, his body lost in the scratchy green thickets, disappearing in the rain. You’ve been drinking. Like this was the time to bring up a glass or two of whisky.
Andrew despised the way James could so casually shed his part in the crisis. The subtle arrogance of his character, a snobbish vein of superiority that James could never acknowledge, spilled out across the hardwood floor. Andrew felt the fear-tinged wind and rain wash away as a thundering anger began to pound through his head. A fire rose up in his chest, burning his throat like he’d just drained a glass of whisky. It was so easy for James to drop those vicious words, as he had back at the theater. To smash a bottle of blame at Andrew’s feet and expect him to crawl on his hands and knees, picking up the pieces…
“Yeah, I’ve been drinking. What did you expect after today?” Andrew responded, padding back over to the coffee table to pick up the empty glass. Pouring another drink would burn these wounds James claimed to have, and that was all Andrew wanted right now. Let him feel hurt, let him understand for one moment in his life what fifteen years of hiding one’s true self did to a man. Andrew shifted his weight between each leg, lifting himself onto the balls of his feet like he was preparing for a bout at the gym.
“I expect you to have a clearer fucking head so we can figure a way out of this mess!” James roared, stopping Andrew in his tracks. His face cracked open like a mountainside. The blame in James’ eyes melted away, and the contours of his cheek bones suddenly flushed back with love. “This mess you created,” he whispered, broken.
Andrew’s eyes welled up. He couldn’t walk another step … couldn’t stand atop the usual barricades firing off the slings and arrows of their misfortune as in any other fight. The stakes were too high. The abyss had come to swallow them both this time. There was no fight between them. Andrew threw the glass back onto the coffee table with careless abandon and bounded over to James, grabbing him in a hug, smelling the cold of the outside on his jumper.
“Oh, James, I’m so sorry,” he sobbed. The tears rushed from the depths of pain, the night and day of loving this man. This complicated, messed up person who had no constitutional right to decide his own fate. This man who carried the heaviest weight of expectation on his shoulders, not just from his family, but from his country … from the world…. Rightfully, it would have crushed any other human. Andrew breathed in the smell of James’ skin and rubbed his face against his neck, now damp with tears. James was not just a man; he was a colossus.
“That’s enough now.” James rubbed Andrew’s back, holding him close. “We need to figure this out, and we need to do it together.” His arms might have been cast in bronze for the power they transferred. Their strength and comfort calmed the raging storm. The sea’s fell flat, the clouds parted to reveal the hidden sun, and the wind slowed to a whisper in a lover’s ear.
“I know. We will, love. We will.”
For a few moments they held each other, enjoying the silent relief from the weight of their problems. They’d always had each other. In the stillness of each night, at the close of funerals and the end of weddings, when the marching bands ceased to play … the bowties could be undone and the shoes slipped off. In those peaceful moments when the world thought they were alone, they had each other.
“I have an idea,” James said, giving him a smile that made Andrew melt. “Let’s put the hood on.”
Andrew looked at him quizzically. “Now? You’re sure?” The pendulum of emotions swung to the opposite of fear to the love of lust that bound them together at the most base, masculine level. To have and be had was one thing; to watch and be watched was quite another. Over the years and countless cities, they’d perfected the routine. Any reservations were steadfastly ignored as the blood flowed to Andrew’s cock and he embraced the promised haze of ecstasy, as James had so clearly done already.
“Are you joking? With what I’ve been through today? Mum, granny, the sister, and now a fucking girlfriend to add to those three witches?” That smile Andrew could never forget cracked across his face. A look of mischievousness reserved only for the powerful, for those who did not believe in consequences. “Andrew, I’ve never wanted it more.” Andrew grinned back and they kissed. “And you stink of whisky. You know I hate it.”
“I’m sorry,” Andrew said, but he couldn’t help smiling. “You go get ready, and I’ll find someone.” If there was to be one last time for everything with someone, let it be this. Let it be now. Let them disband their worries and ignore their problems in one last bacchanalian thrill.
“Okay,” James responded, starting to undress as he headed to the bathroom. “But afterward, you’re going to get us a pizza … and some chips. I’m starving!”
As well rehearsed as making coffee, Andrew grabbed his phone and opened an app from a secret folder. James shut the bathroom door and he heard the shower come on while their profile dinged into life. Dozens of messages had flooded in since the last time they’d opened it up. Andrew checked the date. Wow … nearly a month.
He ignored the received messages and went into their profile. Their picture featured two anonymous-looking toned torsos, one in a pair of red Speedos, the other in blue. Looking for a threesome right now! Andrew wrote in their profile header, then started to flick through other profiles marked as online at this time of night.
A profile with no picture that only said “age 19” and “top” was online and only a few hundred feet away.
Hey. Can host now. Want to come over? Andrew wrote.
A second later, the phone buzzed with a response.
Sure. Two of you?
Yeah, I’m top and boyfriend is bottom. You and me will share him. Andrew paused briefly on the word boyfriend. It suddenly occurred to him that for all the countless times he’d written it in messages, it had never been said out loud. Not by him, and certainly not to him…
Sounds hot.
The blank profile sent a picture. A cute young twink-ish face with curly brown hair. The guy had a cheeky smile and had taken a selfie, fully clothed with an anorak on, in a public bathroom.
Andrew sent him the address and code to access the building as he stepped over to the bathroom, wondering if he should share his revelation with James. As he entered, a wall of steam hit him. James rubbed the mist from the glass door and smiled. He looked excited, almost happy, despite everything. Lizzie’s words boomed through his mind: When are you going to wake up and realize James doesn’t give a shit about you. He never has. He never will. He knew in his heart she was wrong. That had been her jealousy speaking, or her ever-present dislike of James. But why did it feel right in his head? Why did the logic click so well into place? Andrew swallowed away a pang of existential anxiety and returned a casual grin.
“He’s nineteen,” Andrew said, drying off the mirror with a towel and inspecting his reflection. “And super cute. He’ll be here in ten minutes.”
“Great,” came the reply from the shower. “You’ll show me his picture after.” After. Andrew felt suddenly more than a little stung by the word and James’ full-throated embrace of it. After was the cause of their problems. The normal flush of lustful excitement punctured with the thoughts of after.
Andrew realized he had been wrong earlier. Sometimes there is a moment with someone that you know will be the last. The last time you see each other as two single people before a wedding … the last time you would be in such a house before moving, or share a certain bed … the last time you drove a car before trading it in, or the last time you looked in the eyes of a dying dog before saying goodbye at the vet. The beginnings and endings of life … the lasts that made a life together. None of these lasts would Andrew have with James. That would never be their life. But Andrew knew this would be the last time they would give themselves over to a night of no consequence. It was the last time not thinking about tomorrow … the last time James could truly say after.

• • •

Alexandra climbed into bed beside her husband. He was sitting up, lamp on, scrolling through the next day’s newspapers on his tablet. She snuggled up to him, hoping to achieve the impossible and prod out the inner thoughts of a man ready for sleep.
“You always look sexy with your glasses on,” she said. “I wish you’d wear them more.”
He turned away from the tablet and lifted his glasses up onto his head. “But then you couldn’t keep your hands off me.” She giggled as he kissed her neck.
“Happy with how it went?” Faisal asked her, switching off the tablet.
“I suppose,” Alexandra responded, laying back into her pillow. “I’m thinking about Andrew.”
“Oh?” Faisal said, propping up his head with his arm. “Why?”
“Well, he’s got nothing to lose. He’s not family, he doesn’t have a title. What if he figures it all out, or blows everything up?” The second-guessing of herself was a hard habit to kick. Unlike her brother, she’d never once touched a drug or smoked a cigarette. She barely even drank. Her vice was the gaping hole where her confidence should be.
“Darling, you’re forgetting something important.”
“Oh, what’s that?”
“He loves your brother more than anything in the world, for some unfathomable reason,” Faisal said. Alexandra thought about it for a moment and realized Faisal was right. She had only every seen Andrew look at James adoringly. It had been Faisal who’d pointed it out to her, many years ago. James and Andrew had sat tuxedoed together at a banquet, as they often did, across the long, heavily laden table, seemingly lost together in their own giggly world. Don’t you think there’s something going on? he’d whispered in her ear. As she watched them that night, eating off each other’s plates and sharing playfully telling nudges, she couldn’t understand why she hadn’t seen it before, after all those years. That astuteness Faisal showed, that forceful reminder that he was not just a husband, but a confidant — an advisor, a person who saw things she could not — had made her all the more determined to love him, no matter the cost.
“You need to get him on your side. Show him how this new way would be better for him, for them. They don’t want this. They can’t go on pretending to be good friends who spend every waking minute together forever.”
Alexandra smiled, as her hand played with the thick black hair on his chest. “You’re right, my love. I know you are. Why don’t you talk to him. You know … old boys’ network and all that. Maybe he’ll listen to you.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Why not?”
“Well, we weren’t particularly friendly with each other at school. Plus, I think he’ll listen to you over me.”
Alexandra sensed something unsaid from her husband. There was a story there for sure, but one she didn’t have the energy to draw out now. “All right, I will. I’ll bring him in. He’s dangerous, you know,” she said, turning away and pulling the covers over her. “He knows more about our family than we do.”
“Goodnight, dear,” Faisal said, flicking off the lamp.

• • •

“You can leave your clothes on the couch,” Andrew said, sipping another whisky as the young man started to take off his clothes. “Want a drink?”
“No, thanks, I’m fine. Got college tomorrow,” he said, pulling off his sweatshirt and T-shirt together to reveal a beautifully flat stomach and thin frame with not a single hair on his chest.
“You look good,” Andrew said, leaning against the couch and watching the young man undress. The soft lamplight from the bedroom pointed the way forward, but Andrew knew James loved the anticipation. “What’s your name?”
“Greg,” he said, kicking his trainers off and pulling his jeans and underwear off together. His cock already stood straight out, at least seven inches from the base of untamed, light brown hair. The tip glistened.
“Well, Greg, it’s very nice to meet you.” Andrew grinned and slinked to his knees, running his hand up the back of Greg’s leg, squeezing his smooth ass and pushing his dick straight into his open mouth. Andrew gorged on it, delighting in the taste of someone new, as Greg moaned and held onto the back of Andrew’s head.
Andrew stood back up and kissed him on the mouth. It felt wet and sloppy … too much tongue. This kid is a newbie. Andrew ran his hands all over Greg, enjoying the sensation of a fresh body; a foreign taste to be discovered and a stranger’s touch to be explored.
“Come,” Andrew whispered, as he took his hand and led him into the bedroom. The sight of James on all fours on the bed, naked except for the leather hood, made Andrew instantly hard. Harder still, to see it through someone else's eyes…
“Fucking nice ass,” Greg said, moving straight towards it, cock in hand. All of a sudden, Andrew noticed their framed photograph on the bedside table. He’d forgotten to turn it around as he usually did, although Greg didn’t seem to notice. Plus, he seemed far too young to recognize what James looked like nearly a decade ago from a casual glance at a not very large picture.
Andrew relaxed and took up his familiar position, laying propped up next to James, his cock beside James’ hooded head, should he want to unzip the mouth and suck it. They must have done this hundreds of times over the years, often on their first night in a new city or late after an official function. Andrew couldn’t remember how it had all started, but the thought of a stranger, or two, or three, or four, coming over to fuck James while Andrew watched, sucked, and then finished off inside him at the very end had gotten them through even the longest of days.
“Yeah, man,” Greg said, already sliding in and out of James’ pre-lubed hole. Andrew moved underneath James, sucking him for a while before moving further down and licking Greg’s balls while he moaned and grunted inside James.
Greg was relentless. At least fifteen minutes passed, and Greg showed no sign of slowing down. From the tone of James’ grunts, Andrew knew he had started to get a little impatient. Andrew got up from the bed and stood next to Greg, his hand on his ass cheek, moving with the rhythm. Greg lifted one leg onto the bed, pulled James in closer, and went in harder.
Something about that made Andrew stop dead. Just like Faisal! Until today, until the wink at the concert, he hadn’t thought about that moment for years. Faisal had left Eton a few weeks later and Andrew had forgotten he even existed until years later when he found out Alexandra was dating him. Ever since, the two of them had pretended like it never happened. A gentleman's agreement to cover a secret that offered only mutually assured destruction…
“Hey,” Andrew said, patting Greg on the ass. “Let me get in there for a minute.” Greg relented, pulled out and wiped the sweat from his forehead. Andrew ran his hand over James’ ass, picked up the lube bottle from the bed and squirted a few dollops onto his own cock.
James moaned as Andrew slid in, comforted by the familiarity of each other after the pounding from a stranger. Andrew went softer, smoother, hitting all the places he knew James liked, and reached under to stroke his cock.
Andrew felt Greg press behind him. The young man kissed his neck and gently started to touch around Andrew’s hole. It flooded his body with memories of that day with Faisal. His legs started to go weak. Andrew had never bottomed since then, not once … a tongue from someone here and there, but nothing further. They were strictly top, strictly bottom, just as much as they were strictly commoner, strictly prince.
Andrew reached behind him and grabbed Greg’s cock, still wet from James’ hole. He closed his eyes and pretended it belonged to Faisal. Slowly, he moved it into position. Greg licked the back of Andrew’s neck, then spat.
The sensation overwhelmed him as Greg slid inside. No pressure, no pain … it felt like something he’d waited years for; a haunting memory, once lost, but now fucking him.
The three of them moved in unison, Andrew into James and Greg into Andrew. Slow and satisfying … as James’ groans got louder, his hands gripped the sheets. Andrew started to pant. The feeling of fucking while being fucked was overwhelming him. Greg got faster. The sweat dripped down them all. James groaned. Andrew panted. Greg got faster. On and on, more and more…
Suddenly, Greg yelled out. James, too. Andrew felt James shoot into his hand, just as he felt his own insides fill up from Greg. Then he lost it. Just like that moment with Faisal, his body gave out. Andrew shot deep inside James, who continued to moan as he continued to come. Greg bit down on Andrew’s shoulder, his cock still shooting, still deep inside, turning up things in Andrew that he thought were buried deep, deep down.

Chapter Ten

Lizzie sat at her kitchen table, staring at the cream envelope marked To my son; the tea she’d made for herself when she got home was long cold. Taking her makeup off and changing into pajamas had been the only thing she could think of doing. The whole night had left her out of sorts, especially as Andrew decided to abandon her twenty minutes into the concert without even a text message to explain. At the drinks afterwards, she’d nursed the same glass of champagne for an hour as she floated from group to group, never taking an eye off James. Outside of the eyes of the photographers, the royal couple didn’t seem too interested in each other. James existed inside a protective circle of his friends, while Katyn looked content to talk about her hair, her clothes and her tiara to anyone who gave her a passing comment.
Lizzie flicked the envelope over in her hands, turning it over and over again. She couldn't get the questions out of her mind … the questions that would come the second she gave it to James. For fifteen years, she’d thought about it. For fifteen years, she’d failed to do anything. For fifteen years, she’d tried to find answers. Tried and failed … at least now she was sure her mother had been murdered.
Richard had separated from Alice a year before, and the groundwork for a divorce had quietly been laid. As a seventeen-year-old Lizzie had known it. And she’d been perfectly aware of the consequences of the heir to the throne attempting to marry an Irish Catholic girl from Belfast, with crazy red hair, a freckled face, and an accent that terrified the establishment. Especially a girl who was also the mother of his first-born child.
The envelope flapped open anyway, so she just tipped it and the folded piece of paper dropped onto the table. Once a year she read it, and since she was only going to put it back into the box of Calista Murphy’s belongings, she might as well read it again.

My dearest son James,
Happy birthday. You must never forget how much your mother and I love you. I know this year has been hard on you, and I know the years that come might not get any easier. I’ve watched how you’ve struggled over the last while, and it breaks my heart … your mother’s, too. This isn’t the life you want … to be second in the line of succession, with all the pressure and expectation it brings. I know you, my son. I know the struggles you face in your heart, and I don’t ever want you to have to choose between who you love and the family that loves you.
Your grandmother wasn’t too happy with this idea, but it’s my decision and she will support me, even if reluctantly. Soon, and very quietly, we will ask the government to begin the process of changing the law to allow Alexandra to become my immediate successor. Constitutionally, the throne is yours by right of primogeniture as my first-born son, but Alexandra is older than you, if only by minutes. Were she a boy, you wouldn’t have been next in line, and it’s only fair that the eldest child, boy or girl, should inherit.
But, it isn’t just because of fairness or feminism. It’s about what’s best for you … for both of you. Duty and service will always be a part of your life as part of this family. But it doesn’t have to be your whole life. It doesn’t have to stop you being who you want to be. You won’t be disinherited; you will still be a prince. And as third in line, if anything should happen, God forbid, to myself and your sister before she has a child, you will be King.
I only want you to be happy, and I only want what’s best for you. As your father, I’ll always be there. I’ll always stand up for you and be by your side. Trust me that this is for the best. This is the right thing. And even though you may not be King, you will always be my son.
All my love,
Daddy.

Lizzie read over the line again: it’s only fair that the eldest child, boy or girl, should inherit. She couldn’t agree more. Lizzie’s time of being a nobody was rapidly coming to an end.

• • •

Four months ago
Christmas Day
Lizzie stamped her high-heeled feet against the bitter, biting cold. Others outside the church were doing the same. They were all waiting for the Queen to arrive for the usual Christmas Day service at St. Mary Magdalene Church. The entire royal Sandringham estate was dusted in frost under a cloud of threatening white. But, it was still too cold to snow. She wrapped her gloved hands around herself, pulling the fur-lined coat closer to her body. It seemed to make no difference.
A car pulled up to the brown-bricked, 16th century church and the frozen stones in the driveway crunched under the wheels of a black Mercedes. She hoped that, finally, it would be her parents. Well, adoptive parents. Andrew was inside the church carrying on a low volume, high intensity argument with James, so it was preferable to wait out here in the cold for the elderly Earl and Countess of Windsor.
Instead, the slick jet-black hair and dark-skinned face of Faisal emerged from the car door on the opposite side, looking like he hadn’t slept. Whether it was from the children or the stress she knew he felt at royal events wasn’t clear. But she liked the fact that even he, a prince in his own right, felt a grating uncomfortableness in the clan of Queen Victoria II. The belligerent, seemingly indestructible monarch elicited fear as much as she did respect. The power of an old woman hell-bent on doing things her own way could not be underestimated.
Alexandra now burst forth from the car, resplendent in a perfectly white winter coat tied in the middle. The screeches of two bored children dressed in uncomfortable clothes escaped from the inside of the car. Yet, as Alexandra caught sight of Lizzie, her expression refreshed from harassed mother to elegant princess.
She turned back to Faisal with a look so harsh it could only have come from her grandmother. “Sort them out, Faisal,” she said, slamming the car door on the now wailing children. “Lizzie, darling, how are you?” She greeted her with a warm smile and a perfectly made-up face. Their cheeks pressed against each other, exchanging warmth.
“Freezing, Alex. How about you?”
“Don’t ask,” she said, ignoring the fact that behind her Faisal was still trying to corral his children out of the car in a scene that was rapidly getting out of hand. “Come.” Alexandra tucked her arm through Lizzie’s, “Let’s get inside.”
Stepping into the church was like wandering through the Christmases of her childhood. Every detail played out the way it did in her memory. Altar boys running around with antique radiators, trying in vain to heat the freezing building before the Queen arrived. The faces of the extended family members she only ever saw at royal set pieces dotted around the pews dressed in winter coats and fur hats. Lizzie hadn’t changed either. She was still Lady Elizabeth Windsor, still daughter of the Earl of Windsor, still a forgotten minor royal on the fringes of the family. What had changed though, is that she no longer believed the lie.
The desire for vengeance, the need for absolution, the dream of cracking open the monarchy to expose its rotten, murderous core shrouded in pomp and privilege had only grown stronger. That had changed, and it had changed her. She would get through this day by imagining herself rising from the pew with the congregation, then slowly, almost casually, creeping up to the altar, unseen and unheard in the din of the hymns. She would lift the silver communion cup, filled with the Blood of Christ, and she would beat the Queen to a bloody pulp on the sacred floor.
“I can’t believe he still brings Andrew to these things,” Alexandra said, snapping Lizzie back to life and gripping her arm tighter at the sight of James and Andrew standing in the shadows off to the side of the altar, furiously whispering at each other and jabbing fingers into chests. The two women walked arm in arm up the aisle of the church like some marriage ceremony in an alternate universe. Lizzie studied Alexandra’s face for clues, insights into the layers of her statement, constructed in a way that begged a thousand questions. She decided to push a bit further.
“I can’t believe he’s going to be thirty soon and we’ve never had even the whisper of a girlfriend.” Lizzie let the soft words tempt Alexandra into revealing her cards. The princess glanced sideways at her; soft red lips parted with the slightest hint of a question. They sat down together on the pew, second from the front, taking in the heat from an ancient gas radiator pumping out heat to the pew in front where the Queen would sit, with James at her side.
James was looking increasingly frustrated, as was Andrew. Lizzie knew her best friend. As soon as the service was done, he’d be on her for the rest of the day, griping and moaning about James. She understood he had no one else in the world to complain to, and also that he’d never take her advice about what to do.
“You know Andrew very well,” Alexandra said, but not as a question, and patted Lizzie’s leg. “Why hasn’t he found anyone to settle down with yet?” Lizzie turned to face her, half hoping she could crack the façade with just a look.
“You can’t be serious.” Lizzie responded with an almost excited air. She couldn’t not know, and she seemed willing enough to prod the pretense. Alexandra spread her gloved hands out in front of her with a shrug, abrogating her turn to answer.
Over in the corner, Lizzie saw Andrew storm off through a side door, leaving James to sulk in the shadows alone. There didn’t seem to be much chance of a détente between them. It would be a long Christmas.
“Do you and Faisal fight like that?” Lizzie asked, attempting a delicate way around the subject. Alexandra remained silent for a moment, her eyes on her brother, now fiddling with his phone.
Finally, Alexandra turned to face her. “Don’t all couples?” she said, saying everything she needed to with her knowing eyes. Lizzie sank into the wooden pew, feeling an odd wave of relief wash over her. “Faisal pointed it out to me,” she added with a whisper.
“Well, he was there when it started,” Lizzie responded. Alexandra turned in an understated sense of shock.
“What do you mean?” she asked like a woman who’d just been confronted with allegations of her husband’s infidelity. Lizzie gulped back her surprise … not at the question, but at the urgency with which it was asked.
“Eton. He was at Eton with both of them. That’s when they got together.”
A knowing look spilled across Alexandra’s face just as the doors at the back of the church burst open. More of the family poured in, finding their seats in a muddle of coats and scarves. It meant the Queen had arrived, and things would be getting started. Alexandra stood up and Lizzie followed. The Princess peered past her, as if looking out for her grandmother, but leaned in to Lizzie’s ear and whispered, “Come find me later tonight.” Lizzie nodded as Alexandra turned on her royal engagement smile. “We’ll have a bottle … I think we’ve got a lot to discuss.”

• • •

“I liked him,” Andrew said, laying on James’ chest, the greasy smell of the pizza they’d just finished still wafting in from the living room.
“Yeah? Me too. He really gave it to me good. You both did.” James kissed him on the forehead.
“Yeah.” He hadn’t said anything about where Greg finished. James hadn’t asked. Andrew couldn’t bear to imagine what might happen if he even hinted at having taken Greg inside him, and to the end. It had always been a royal prerogative, a preference that over time had hardened to a rule … the law which enabled their relationship. James needed sex and Andrew provided it. Too much was in flux right now … too many things built on sand threatening to collapse around them to go picking at the bedrock of how they had sex. “I think I have a strategy. Maybe not a solution, but a long-term strategy I think might work.”
James sighed. “Let’s hear it.”
“We know you need an heir. We’ve always known that. And to have one you need to be married. But after the kid is born, who says you need to stay married? I mean, your dad separated from your mum. They didn’t divorce but they could’ve. Plus, the Church still frowns on re-marriage anyway, especially if you have a big royal wedding. So, the kid is born, we wait six months and then bingo; an heir and ex-wife. Who’s going to pressure a divorced prince to marry again? Who’s going to care? I mean, the country will have what they want, and you’ll be free. Freer than you’ve ever been before.”
Andrew gently ran his fingers across James’ taut stomach, feeling him breathe, hearing his mind think over what he’d said. Andrew remained quiet until It felt like minutes had gone past without a response.
“James?” he said, sitting up. “Are you asleep?”
“No.”
“So, what do you think?”
James opened his eyes and turned to face Andrew. “I’ll do anything to be with you. Tonight, all today when we were apart, all of it just reminded me you’re what I want. Only you.” James kissed Andrew’s nose. “I think it’s a solid plan, really. It’s good. But it needs to seem real. I know Alex is ready to pounce on the first hint of anything. So…” James hesitated. “I think you need to stop working for me.”
Andrew felt his lover’s hand run up his back and caress his cheek. He knew what would come next.
“And I think you need to move out too.”
Andrew sighed. Everything he feared most in the world had just come true, but in a way it felt like a relief. Real progress after years of just standing still…. “Yeah, I think so too,” he said. James started to sob, and Andrew pulled him close. “Hey, it’s going to be okay.”
“I’ve never been apart from you. Never … not since we were fifteen and that night, that horrible night. I always wanted you. I can’t function without you.”
“Hey, come on, we have a plan. We’ll get through this.”
James tried to smile through the tears. “You’ll be here for me? Every night you’ll be here? Because I will. I don’t care how, I don’t care when, every night I’ll be here, in our home, waiting for you.”
“Shh.” Andrew wrapped his arms around James as tears dripped down his neck. “You’ll always have me. No matter what, we’ll be together, always. I don’t care what comes our way or who tries to stop us. Nothing is going to get in the way of me loving you, or you becoming king. I promise you that, James. I promise you that.”

The saga continues in

The Line of Succession 2:
Acts of Treason

Coming April 2, 2019

About Harry F. Rey

Harry F. Rey is a British born author and lover of gay themed stories with a powerful punch. His new M/M sci-fi series The Galactic Captains is available July 2018 from Nine Star Press. You can find out more about his upcoming releases on twitter (@Harry_F_Rey).

Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading The Line of Succession! Many books thrive or perish based on reviews or a lack thereof. Please consider posting an honest review on the site you purchased this book from and/or on Goodreads. If you’re new to writing reviews or wouldn’t know how to write one, you could start by sharing what you found most enjoyable about this book.
Also, be sure to sign up for the Deep Desires Press newsletter. This is the best way to stay on top of new releases, meet the authors, and take advantage of coupons and deals. Please visit our website at www.deepdesirespress.com and look for the newsletter sign-up box at the bottom of the page.
Thanks again,
Deep Desires Press


WIN FREE BOOKS!

Our email newsletter is the best way to stay on top of all of our new releases, sales, and fantastic giveaways. All you have to do is visit deepdesirespress.com/newsletter and sign up today!




SUBSCRIBE TO OUR PODCAST!

Deep Desires Podcast releases monthly episodes where we talk to your favorite authors—or authors who will soon become your favorite! Find us on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Stitcher, and our website (deepdesirespress.com/podcast/). Subscribe today!

Support the Deep Desires Podcast on Patreon and you can receive free ebooks every month! Find out more at patreon.com/deepdesirespodcast!

Don’t Miss These Great Titles from Deep Desires Press

Tales of Monsterotica: Anthology Collection Book 1
Justin MacCormack
Classic monsters, classic gay sex. This hilariously hot book follows the madcap adventures of young Jonathan Woodcock and collects The Castle of Count Shagula, The Madness of Doctor Wankenstein, and The Curse of the Mummy’s Wang into one handy volume!
Available now in paperback and ebook!


Bite of the Queerwolf
(Tales of Monsterotica #4)
Justin MacCormack
Having escaped Count Shagula, Doctor Wankenstein, and Pharaoh Gotabigun, Jonathan Woodcock is now in the hands of the leather-clad, dominating, powerful Queerwolf!
Available now in ebook!


Blue
L.B. La Vigne
A wealthy businessman and rag-tag college student spark up an unlikely romance, but fear of commitment and skeletons from the past threaten their happy ever after.
Available now in paperback and ebook!


Desires of the Deep
(College of United Monsters #1)
C.B. Archer
What happens when you enroll in a monster college and end up stuck in underwater classes? Butt stuff. Butt stuff happens.
Available now in ebook!


Incubus Touch
(Polar Nights #1)
Siryn Sueng
Sex with the dark incubus, Jakai, is far more erotic than Valyn ever imagined it could be. But when Valyn spots a terrifying figure in Jakai’s yard, the peace in Tromsø, Norway begins to break apart — and their presence is just the beginning...
Available now in ebook!


Wolf’s Kiss
(Polar Nights #2)
Siryn Sueng
Nolan has heard werewolves love bondage and toys in the bedroom, but Halken brings more than just his kinky nature.
Available now in ebook!


Louder Than Words
Siryn Sueng
A local teacher takes silence as rejection from his coffee-shop crush, but then he learns that his crush is mute, and is determined to show that his love is deeper than any words can express.
Available now in ebook!


Autumn Fire
Cameron D. James
True gay love is a fairy tale and the closet is comfier, until you meet the man of your dreams.
Available now in paperback and ebook!


Silent Hearts
Cameron D. James
A gay young man travels abroad looking for adventure and hot sex, until he meets an attractive Scotsman whose request for kisses make him realize he’s actually running away from his heart, and that gay love might actually exist.
Available now in ebook!


Law of Love
Bob Masters
In 1969, a Park Ranger was not likely to embrace same-sex liberation, but when Park Ranger Joseph meets Lifeguard Jimmy, love proves more powerful than the law.
Available now in ebook!


His Treasure Hunting Billionaire
Vanessa Mulberry
He hunted for treasure all his life. Now he’s found him.
Available now in ebook!


Freshman Year
Dalton
What happens in the bedroom freshman year stays with you your entire life.
Featuring MF, MM, FF, and more!
Available now in paperback and ebook!


MaryDee Night
M.S. Tarot
For Oliver West, the local night clubs were his kingdom, until the lovely Paige Turner showed him that she could be the Queen to his King.
Available now in ebook!

