Disclaimer

This is a work of fanfiction. The author does not own Pokémon or anything belonging to Nintendo, Game Freak, or Satoshi Tajiri. All characters and storylines not from the original Pokémon franchise belong solely to the author. Any character resemblances to actual people are coincidental. This story is not being published for commercial or monetary gain and is designed for educational and writing practice purposes as fair use.


Author’s Note

Readers, this is it!

I’m so excited and grieved to be sharing the final installment of my Extinction of Team Rocket series! This was such a labor of love because, let’s be honest, 2021 was no cakewalk. For me, it was plagued by monstrous stress, not to mention mental health and physical health flareups. But it was also filled with so much joy and learning about myself and continuing the healing I’ve sought since my inner transformation began.

While it’s sad to be saying goodbye to this series, this story more than makes up for it, and, in the vein of Taylor Swift, I look forward to you looking for subtle Easter eggs and the invisible strings woven throughout the story.

Before 2021 is over, the official playlist will be posted to my Cooltrainer Ashton YouTube channel, in case you enjoy supplementing your reading with music.

May you and your loved ones have a very happy holiday season and a happy new year. Happy reading!

XO,

Ashton



Dedication
My dearest Gengar, I purposefully didn’t give you a shout-out for the release of The Seaglass heart because of your insistence that you didn’t offer advice to earn praise. However, I cannot complete this series without offering my most heartfelt THANK YOU for the advice you totally forgot you gave me. It’s made such a difference with how much more vibrant this series’ overall storyline became as a result. This series holds your fingerprint, and I’m so proud of it that I hope it gives you all the warm and fuzzy feelings you deserve.

Boatie, you are a hot mess, but I obviously love you, our antics, and all the Spongebob references enhancing our conversations. Thank you so much for contributing your ideas (even 95 percent of them didn’t make it into the book, hilariously enough), but some of your ideas exist here, and I hope they make you giddy when you find them. Sharing bits and pieces of this series with you this year has been a real treat, so I can’t wait for you to dive in and experience this story and fall in love with the characters like I have.

To my tribe, I’m forever indebted to you for your love and support. This has been quite a year, but I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for all of you. There are far too many of you to mention, but you mean the world to me!

And last, but not least, to Mr. Otter Pop, you may not yet know how much you mean to me, but spending time with you this year has been so special to me, and I look forward to what the new year has in store for each of us.

If anyone asks, ‘What is hell?,’ I would say, ‘Distance between two people who love each other.’

~Unknown



Challenge of the Golden Aura

Written by Cooltrainer Ashton

Background photo courtesy of Roksolana Zasiadko
Cover design by Cooltrainer Ashton
Edited with ProWritingAid

© 2021



Chapter One



The Surprise Appearance



A knock on my door brought me out of my thoughts as I dressed.

“Come in,” I said.

The door crept open, and the heads of Jackie and Bobby appeared. Their smiles set mine ablaze.

“What are you two cutieflies doing?” I asked.

“We wanted to spend some time with you,” Jackie said.

“You know, before we turn in,” Bobby added.

“Come on in. I have a few moments before I leave.”

They shut the door behind them, with Jackie’s flareon and Bobby’s luxray and quilava at their heels, piling onto the bed alongside Arcanine, Manectric, and Mightyena, giving them plenty of head rubs for a multitude of kisses. Witnessing them cuddling together warmed my heart. It amazed me how they were now grown, young adults and every bit as attractive as our parents were in their younger days.

I’d already showered and dressed, my red shorts hiding the themed jockstrap I’d bought for work. I slipped on my black mesh top that showcased my hard work at achieving my fitness goals, which tickled my nips.

“Are you ready for your last night?” Jackie asked me.

I nodded.

“It’s unbelievable you’re leaving after almost seven years there,” Bobby said.

I nodded. “But sometimes circumstances change for a terrific reason, Wangja.”

“Well, I’m relieved,” Jackie said. “I just can’t see you in that environment.”

“Nuna,” Bobby retorted, his eyes rolling before narrowing on her, his brow furrowed.

“It’s okay, Wangja,” I said, having heard similar sentiments before. “Let her speak.”

“I’m sorry, Appa,” Jackie said, her eyes shut and arms folded. “It’s left me feeling uncomfortable with you being there.”

“It shouldn’t,” I replied. “Many people work in clubs, and it doesn’t reflect on their character.”

“I agree 100 percent,” Bobby said. “You know Jake - he’s not like whoever you’re referring to.”

“I wish I felt differently,” Jackie said, her eyes open now, “but not everyone in a nightclub is noble. Appa, you’re without question the exception to the rule.”

“Gongju, most of my colleagues aren’t sex workers. Some are, sure, some are drug addicts, and our patrons objectify our dancers. It’s not a comforting reality, but none of it means their value as individuals changes. I mean, has my value diminished from dancing in racy outfits and being fondled or having banknotes stuffed into my underwear?”

After a moment of thought, she shook her head, unable to meet my eyes.

“I didn’t mean any disrespect,” she said. “I haven’t seen you in your element, and of course I’ve never equated you with any of the unpleasant aspects of the job.”

“It’s crucial to remember everyone, regardless of their titles, deserves respect. Plus, I’m not spotless either.”

They nodded.

“I don’t share everything with you, but I’ve had sex with our patrons. We’ve had conversations about it already. Being safe and honoring consent are vital, but there’s nothing wrong with it if you and the other person are consenting adults.”

“Of course, Appa,” they said.

“While this is my last night, I’m grateful for NightCare. It not only taught me how to hustle and supplement my income, it’s also helped me become more assertive.”

“We’re proud of your accomplishments, Appa,” Jackie said.

“Agreed, but you’re gonna retire your costumes and gear and not wear them around the house, right?” Bobby asked.

I chuckled. “As long as you don’t give me a reason to use them, then yes, I won’t wear them anymore or embarrass you… but Silver is still my prime target.”

They giggled.

I completed my ensemble with a red bowtie and some cologne.

“So why aren’t you two out celebrating Valentine’s Day?” I asked. “I thought you’d be seeing Mahri and Wally.”

“They couldn’t make it here in time,” Jackie said.

“Yeah, it was awful timing with their obligations, but they’ll both be here in a few days to celebrate.”

“Well, that’ll be fun, and I’ll spoil them rotten once they’re here.”

They smiled.

“What about you, Appa?” Bobby asked.

“Yeah, are you celebrating at all?” Jackie asked.

I chuckled and shook my head. “Afraid not… only working, coming home, and sleeping in.”

“Well, that’s no fun,” Bobby said.

Jackie chuckled. “I’m afraid I agree with him, Appa… you should do something.”

“You do?”

“Yeah, anything… you deserve it,” Bobby said.

“I’m surprised you haven’t found your soulmate yet,” Jackie added.

The subject was still a sore spot, but I still appreciated the support, regardless of my unique romance problems.

“We love you and want you to celebrate since you’ve earned it,” Jackie said. “So if you have the chance, do something fun tonight.”

“All right, all right,” I said. “…Maybe I’ll find something to quell your zealous demands.”

They giggled and cuddled with the mass of fur on my bed.

“So why were you quitting again?” Bobby asked. “Are you tired of dancing?”

“I don’t think I could ever be tired of it, Wangja,” I said. “Honestly, I’m over the late nights, but the experience has been positive. I’m quitting so I can put more time into my volunteering.”

“You volunteer way too many places,” Jackie said.

“Well, thanks to both of you following my example, you’re covering most of my old stomping grounds, so I can devote more time to the restaurants.”

“We’re thrilled for you, Appa,” Bobby said.

“You’re an incredible chef, so this is very fitting for you,” Jackie added.

“You’re both biased since I’m your personal chef.”

They both giggled hard.

“Guilty as charged,” Jackie said. “We’re not very objective.”

“We’re privileged,” Bobby said. “Nothing else to say.”

“Agreed. You live in a gorgeous house and help me maintain the gym. What tragedies do you two endure, aside from the redheaded grumpy-gus down the hall?”

They giggled again.

“That’s what I thought,” I said. “Now, with that settled, I’m gonna head out.”

They rose and each came over, only to be embraced in a bear hug, one I’d perfected from the bear hug master’s mentoring.

“Love you, Appa,” Bobby said.

“Love you more,” I said, also giving plenty of head scratches to his luxray and quilava.

They left the room, which allowed me to hug Jackie and pay some love to her flareon.

“Have some fun tonight,” Jackie said. “Seriously, you deserve it.”

“I will, Gongju.”

“Before you go, I wanted to ask you. About you-know-who-”

“There’s nothing to discuss,” I spat. “It’s a done deal.”

“Appa-”

“I’m not interested in getting into it. Nothing’s gonna change, Gongju… and for right now I’m okay with it.”

She didn’t respond right away, but a smirk replaced her concerned expression. “Oh, all right, Mr. Gym Leader, but this isn’t over.”

I chuckled. “Get in bed before I wrestle you to the ground.”

She giggled and kissed me on the cheek. “Good night, Appa. Bobby and I are visiting Abeoji and Eomeoni this weekend to celebrate his birthday. They mentioned they wanted to see you.”

I paused a moment, pondering how I’d put off seeing them the last few times they’d paid a visit. We were on amiable terms, and so far nothing terrible had happened. The idea of seeing them elevated my heart rate, but if we could heal old wounds, I didn’t want to stand in its way. “Yeah, let them know I’ll come, too.”

She smiled before she left the room, leaving me and my companions to the silence.

I looked at myself again in the mirror, checking my hair and making any last-minute adjustments. My body had transformed. A lot more muscle had grown to where I’d have compared my present self to Drew’s 18-year-old self when I was a scrawny teenager.

My early adulthood experiences shattered my expectations of what living as my authentic self would look like. Now, at 24 years old, with a thriving career and strong support network, I’d grown stable and more accustomed to life’s changes. Nothing was perfect, but I’d accepted life would take whatever form it wanted. Everything was pleasant. Or pleasant enough for me not to hate it.

Reflecting on clueless moments as I navigated the world unveiling itself in front of me, it all seemed silly now, as I’d learned growth required both the wonderful and the unpleasant aspects of life. Being disowned and attacked weren’t pleasant experiences, but without them I wouldn’t have learned to find my value and cultivate eternal gratitude for my loved ones. Nobody could’ve predicted that trauma and heartache would be the best guides to show me which memories I cherished the most.

My eyes drifted to my photo wall. Whereas it once held overwhelming sadness with memories I wanted to relive, it now made me smile. So much happened when these lenses weren’t flashing. The moment I came out to Misty, the holiday party when my parents disowned me, the hate crime attack, my near-attempt at suicide, the multitude of joyful moments among the pain, my eighteenth birthday trip to Hawaii, my tearful goodbye with Drew before his deployment to America, and many others. They’d rocked me to my core, but now a smile rested on my lips. Through all the turmoil, I might’ve lost my innocence, but my loved ones provided support and strengthened my foundation.

I fixated on one of the more recent photos, one of Saundra, Ken, Silver, Lance, and me with our beloved soldier at a special G-Men ceremony, already over two years old.

We’d gathered at Vermillion Harbor and boarded the SS Amity, a ship manned by both Drake and Capt. Briney in their younger days, now dedicated to military festivities in their honor, a fitting place for the day’s event. They permitted a tiny amount of press and a few loved ones for each soldier to board. Dressed in our best formals, we watched as the G-Men’s Organized Crime Brigade celebrated its team’s many accomplishments. As the ceremony progressed, Lance’s commanding officers pinned another star to his uniform, signifying his promotion from 1st Lieutenant to Captain.

Dignified and not as devilish as his younger self, he addressed their assembled guests housed on the ship’s deck with a magnificent view of the ocean. Despite it being chilly, not even Drew’s parka, which he’d left at the gym, could keep me warm like his smile could. Drew sat on the stage with his other teammates, all wearing their respective uniforms, some showing more color or adornments than others.

Lance commended each soldier of his or her accomplishments, not to mention their contributions to the safety of the community, before pinning something new to their uniforms to signify a promotion. But his smile brightened when he reached his last subordinate.

“And last, but certainly not least, is our team’s favorite comrade and our reigning Indigo Champion who needs no introduction, Andrew Brown.”

Whereas he had genuine smiles for his other officers, watching Drew stand to meet him at the podium brought tears to his eyes, which he wiped away with haste.

“Sorry,” he said.

In likewise fashion, Drew’s smile illuminated the space, his eyes not yet overflowing but still appearing misty. The crowd cheered, overshadowing Lance’s emotion with the energy coursing through us all.

“What could I say about Drew? Drew’s shown himself to be a true soldier in all facets of his life. He protects his own, fights to vanquish evil, advocates for the value of life, endures hardships, and serves the needs of his team as Corporal… but there’s so much more to him. He’s also a Pokémon Master, a friend, a community builder... and a brother that’s irreplaceable.”

He cleared his nasal passages, his eyes red and his voice shaky.

“It’s with tremendous honor and sadness that I award this medal of service in honor of his participation in eradicating multiple groups targeting the welfare of people and pokémon. We wish him nothing but the best as he moves into the next chapter of his life, where he will without a doubt continue to inspire others and aspire to the greatness we know to be part of his destiny.”

He stepped away from the microphone, pinning a medal to Drew’s decorated lapel, before being embraced in an extended, emotional bear hug.

None of us in Drew’s camp had dry eyes, as we were all so ecstatic. Not only had he fulfilled his obligations and served his community to the best of his ability, he was a civilian again and already on his way to pursuing his realized interests. He’d already graduated from the National Police Academy and enrolled at Celadon University to pursue his love of knowledge in Pokémon Biology. Ken and Saundra looked on with pride at their beloved son, and it thrilled Silver and me to have Drew back as a permanent fixture in Viridian City.

Since then, our quality time had resumed, and life lacked nothing vital, despite not being designed as perfect as I’d desired. While we weren’t in the same house, we were still regulars at Cuisine de Faure at lunchtime when we could fit it in around his classes and his shifts at the Viridian Police Department. And despite only paying a few visits to his apartment, a cramped studio for a fitness and martial arts aficionado, he wasn’t far away if we needed him.

I turned away from my photos and looked at my companions, tails wagging and panting as they watched me.

“Ready for our last night?”

They barked and gave me kisses before we shuffled downstairs, the house still and quiet despite housing multiple people. The only light came from the stove’s overhead lamp, greeting me upon each return from dancing. We left the gym and locked its doors before I rode on Arcanine’s back, the others dashing alongside us as we traveled to the other side of town.

Once we arrived at NightCare, the bouncer gave me our special handshake.

“We’ll miss you so much after tonight, Wu Isai,” he said. “Come back to visit.”

“Without a doubt,” I replied.

I shuffled through the crowd and entered the dancers’ dressing room, giving me a chance to make sure I looked my best while the others showered or gussied themselves up.

“Jake, we’ll miss you so much after tonight,” one of the dancers, named Kyoto, said.

I smiled, as they were one of the few regulars who’d seemed cool throughout my time with the club. The others tolerated me because of my potential to bring in money and nothing else.

“It’s bittersweet,” I replied, “but it’s been a super fun experience.”

“Dancing with you is a blast,” they said. “And word on the street is one of our patrons is hosting a colossal party tonight.”

“You’re serious?”

He nodded, grinning.

“Lots of booze and plenty of hot men. I hear there are plenty of sexy group activities at his parties.”

“Wow, sounds like quite a shindig. I take it you’re attending?”

“Yeah, he invited everyone, and I’m certain the entire club’s heard about it by now. You’re welcome to join us. If you’re leaving, then there’s no bigger way to stage a grand exit than with a bang, if you catch my drift…”

He couldn’t finish his thought before a colossal fit of giggles overtook us.

“Your humor kills me,” I said. “But I’m due for some fun tonight, so it might do the trick.”

He grinned before he continued getting dressed. I looked in the mirror one last time, smiled, and removed my shorts before starting my shift.

NightCare flooded the dancefloor with lots of red and pink lights to commemorate the festivities, with a sea of patrons dancing, carousing, and fondling the dancers.

When the music stopped, the DJ put me on blast.

“It’s with immense sadness that we announce tonight is Jake’s last night dancing with NightCare.”

The entire crowd responded with plenty of awes and cries, the emotion making it difficult not to be affected.

“We’ll miss him like crazy, so please do us a favor and show some extra appreciation and love tonight. This setlist is for you, you naughty sexgod.”

I chuckled and as we settled into the night, dancing to Britney’s “...Baby One More Time”, Kesha’s “Die Young”, Beyonce’s “Naughty Girl”, the weeknd’s “I Feel It Coming”, will.i.am’s “Scream & Shout”, Metro Station’s “Shake It”, Britney’s “Outrageous”, and Ariana Grande’s “Side to Side”, among others.

Throughout the night, I facilitated plenty of attention, getting major tips while exchanging fondles and occasional kisses. It was difficult not to surrender to it, as I deserved some fun for all I’d given to this establishment. The idea of attending the party and having my fill of sex called out to me, and my body was already answering the call.

As the night wore on, the club’s capacity ebbed and flowed, with me enjoying the extra attention when business was bustling and vibing along to the music when it was lax. As hours passed, I looked forward more to completing my shift and having some fun.

When I least expected it, while I was entertaining a few patrons who slipped notes into my jock, someone behind me squeezed my ass, the sounds coming from their mouth of total hunger over it, as they slipped a bill in my waistband. I turned around to see who’d be my next MVP and, to my surprise, it was Lance.

“Fuck, Hu zi, I don’t think your body has ever been this sexy,” he said, his voice like a purr in my ear and he hugged me tight.

“Lance, what the hell are you doing here?” I asked, having never seen him at NightCare.

“Oh, we wanted to have some fun tonight,” he said, his devilish grin back as he teased my nips.

“We?”

“Oh, you know who. We soldiers stick together.”

To say it shocked me was an understatement. “Wait, what?”

He grinned. “Gotta split, but I wanted to visit and help celebrate your last night.”

“Thanks, you sexy devil.”

He kissed me fast and vanished among the other patrons, leaving me dumbfounded as they continued to come over to me.

Despite my attempts, I wasn’t able to keep my mind on the remaining moments of my shift. Pushing unwanted and agonizing thoughts from my mind was a constant and resurfacing battle.

Once the club closed and patrons left, I slipped into a white t-shirt and my red shorts and returned to the floor, wondering if what I sensed was true. When I arrived at the bar, I saw someone familiar sitting there, finishing the rest of his drink. Dashing with muscles bustling out of his button-up vest and jeans, my jaw dropped at seeing him here, of all places in town.

“Hey, kiddo,” he said, his smile warming me.

“Hey,” I said before I moved closer, finding solace in his arms. “It’s been a while.”

“Yeah, it’s been crazy the last few days juggling work and school.”

“What are you doing here? This isn’t your scene.”

He chuckled. “Rustbush and I chose an unusual activity for a change, and drinking and people-watching was fun… though he’s biased to have chosen this.”

“I can imagine,” I said. “Where’d he wander off to?”

“You know, he wouldn’t tell me. He said he needed to pay someone else a visit, but their identity was a complete mystery. Oh well… I’m thrilled as long as I don’t have to share my bed.”

“And why didn’t you head home? Don’t you have class or work tomorrow?”

He smiled. “Tomorrow’s my day off, and class isn’t until the afternoon.”

I nodded.

“The club’s closing, but my spirit’s too restless to return home. What say you? Care to hit the town with me and salvage what’s left of our evening?”

I smiled back. “Sure. Is anything open at this hour?”

“C’mon,” he said, leaving a note on the counter and earning a bow from the bartender. His arm surrounded me as we made our trek toward the exit. “I know a place.”



Chapter Two



The Sensual Reunion



I followed Drew as we sauntered toward the downtown hub, most businesses and shops closed and windows pitch black.

“Are you sure you’re okay with this?” Drew asked. “The club was buzzing with chatter about a rocking party everyone was attending.”

“Oh, you heard?”

He nodded, smirking. “Sounds like you would’ve had more fun there. You’re missing out by hanging out with me.”

I chuckled. “You can’t be serious.”

He grinned. “I’m always serious.”

I punched him in the arm before I put my arm around his broad shoulders. “Why would I choose carnal passion with a hoard of strangers over spending time with you?”

He gasped. “An entire hoard?!” he said before collapsing into a fit of chuckles.

“Knock it off, Andrew! Sex is one thing, but spending quality time with someone means more to me.”

This time, his normal smile returned.

“I’m not surprised you heard about it. Did patrons try to rope you into going?”

“What are you insinuating?” he asked, his smirk returning with a vengeance.

“Please, an attractive man like you wouldn’t be able to leave a gay club without attracting attention.”

He chuckled.

“Plus, this isn’t your scene.”

“Well… yes, true... but I’m flattered you hung out with me.”

“Oh, stop. We have history together… and you’re my best friend. Of course I’d want to hang out over getting gang-banged.”

“Fuck, I don’t need graphic details, kiddo.”

We chuckled before we re-entered the downtown hub.

“This is so crazy,” I said, enamored with the select places still earning steady business, even after 2 AM.

“You seem surprised,” he replied, chuckling.

“I don’t know, I… I’ve never been out this late to explore.”

“It shows,” he said, bringing me into his arms and giving me a noogie.

“Hey, what gives?” I asked, giggling. “Why shouldn’t I be clueless? I go home and collapse in bed after my shifts.”

“Oh, you’re such a lucky guy, aren’t you?” he said, releasing me and allowing me to reorient myself.

“How am I lucky, Your Excellence? Aren’t you sleeping?”

He smirked. “Sometimes.”

I chuckled. “Well, I’ll be. I never thought you’d be wide awake at this hour.”

“Why?” he asked, raising an eyebrow. “Is your damn nickname for me still clouding your judgment and making you believe I’m perfect?”

I giggled. “Believe whatever you want. Your loved ones will always believe that.”

“Then you’re a sucker,” he said, running and forcing me to keep up with him. “Thinking I’m perfect is a joke… and the joke’s on you!”

“So then enlighten us,” I said, jogging behind him. “Does that mean there’ve been nights you can’t sleep?”

“Sometimes,” he replied, stopping in the middle of a silent downtown.

“Fuck, you must enjoy confounding me with your vagueness.”

He gestured to a sign reading “Moonlit Sakura Grill” hanging over a set of stairs, leading to a hidden space bustling with activity.

“I’ve had sleepless nights, and I found this cozy place after some exploring.”

I followed him down the stairs into a spacious restaurant, housing a bar and a dozen booths with built-in hibachi grills. The atmosphere was mellow and friendly without being sleepy in a serene theme of green with pink and red accents. A few customers in scrubs sat at the bar, schmoozing over bowls of ramen, and a few couples lingered at their booths, enjoying the rest of their Valentine’s Day.

“Evening, Mr. Champion,” came someone’s voice from behind the counter. “Care for seats at the counter for your usual?”

The voice belonged to a regal gentleman around Lance’s age with black hair and kind brown eyes. Based on his traditional garb, he must’ve been the owner.

“Evening, Mr. Matsuda,” Drew replied, “and no, not tonight. Is a booth acceptable?”

He nodded and gestured to a spotless booth in the corner, which we moved to and took seats. After taking in the establishment’s setup and fusion of traditional and modern decor, not to mention the vibrant orchids adorning each booth, I smiled.

“Drew, this place is incredible,” I said. “I’m coming to you from now on for new restaurant suggestions.”

He chuckled. “Yeah, this place opened last month after a restauranteur learned there weren’t many late-night establishments available for the overnight working population, so it’s been swamped since it opened.”

“Wow,” I said, glancing at the menu resting next to the order slips. “What do you recommend?”

“I’ve loved everything so far, so we’re in for a delectable feast with whatever we choose. Care to do some major damage, kiddo?”

“Do you even have to ask?” I asked, grinning. “What’s something we do best?”

“Aside from pokémon battles?”

“Exactly,” I said. “And after dancing my ass off for hours, I’m famished.”

After poring over the menu, we placed our order of tuna sashimi, a dozen skewers of shashito peppers, Kobe beef, and unagi, and a platter of assorted specialty and avocado rolls. It wasn’t long before the owner brought salads with ginger dressing and our whiskeys to our table, giving us a chance to toast.

“Happy Single Awareness Day,” he said, prompting a chuckle.

“Cheers,” I said, clinking glasses and taking a sip, going down smooth after plenty of practice.

“How are you still single?” he asked. “Not to make this awkward, but you’re a catch. All the guys here are fools.”

I didn’t know whether to chuckle or groan, and whatever escaped my throat made him chuckle. I joined in before covering my face with my free hand.

“It’s complicated… but it’s not all awful. I could say the same about you. Your being single and not in a fulfilling relationship doesn’t offer much hope.”

Now was his turn to offer a nervous expression, prompting me to chuckle at his own well-deserved expense.

“Well, we didn’t need a reason to drink. Now we do. Glad I’m in excellent company.”

“Agreed, Your Excellence.”

He chuckled. “Oddly enough… my ex was at my door not too long ago.”

“They were?”

“Yeah, my heart ached when they said their life was in shambles. They’d needed a temporary place to get their head right. It turned out they were still in love with me.”

“You’re kidding! And how did you respond?”

“With complete honesty. I still loved them, but I was no longer in love and couldn’t entertain their advances. I’ve moved on and have a clearer idea of what’s best for me.”

“Wow…”

“Yeah,” he said. “...So I helped them work through their issues, and once they’d had a moment away, they returned home. Damn, we need refills.”

“Agreed. But good on you for supporting them,” I said. “So, to get us off that depressing topic, I wanted to ask. Why would you have trouble sleeping? When we lived together, you slept like a rock.”

His hand moved to his face again before taking another sip.

“I take it something’s been bothering you,” I replied. It had been quite a while since I’d seen him this uncomfortable.

He sighed. “Well… some unrelenting thoughts have kept me awake, and sometimes I walk the town to clear my thoughts or find a solution…”

“I take it you haven’t found one?”

He shook his head.

“Have you spoken to Dr. Namada about them?”

“Frequently,” he replied, “…and I wasn’t expecting to encounter these obstacles after leaving the G-Men.”

“You’re not obligated to unload on me if this isn’t a comfortable topic,” I said.

“Don’t worry,” he said, releasing a sigh. “I’m not enjoying my job.”

“You’re not?”

He shook his head, his eyes soft and his fragile smile giving way to a frown that pained my spirit. Viridian Police Department promoted him to Senior Officer, and he hadn’t mentioned anything was wrong at family gatherings or any of our lunches. Knowing my mentor and best friend wasn’t happy pained me.

“How long have you felt this way?” I asked.

“For the last six months,” he replied. “In the beginning, it was only a tiny nagging feeling, but it’s grown.”

“What’s happening, Drew? You seemed like you enjoyed it.”

“I do. I enjoy protecting my hometown from violence, human trafficking, and drugs so they’re not part of our city, not to mention rescuing our citizens and connecting with them through community outreach… but I could do without everything else.”

“Like?”

“Department politics, paperwork, long shifts, the limits we have on spending time with citizens, putting myself in danger. Those are the aspects of the job I don’t enjoy, and it outweighs everything else.”

“How terrible,” I said. “I’m sorry, Drew.”

“And those problems wouldn’t bother me as much if it held a sense of fulfillment.”

“You mean… your job doesn’t provide you that?”

He shook his head. “I thought it would. After all, Dad’s inspired me over the years, and pursuing law enforcement seemed like the logical choice.”

“I would’ve agreed if you’d asked me about it then.”

“And I’m thankful for it. I’m part of the city in a new way, and it’s allowed me to live on my own and finance my education. But now I don’t enjoy getting out of bed in the morning.”

“That’s awful,” I said. “Drew, someone like you shouldn’t have this burden.”

“I’m like everyone else,” he said. “It’s something else to figure out.”

“Have you told anyone else this?”

He shook his head. “Except for you, Lance, and Brock.”

“Not even your parents?”

“I’d be too ashamed to,” he said. “I mean, Mom would be fine with it. But you remember Dad’s face at my graduation from the police academy.”

I nodded. “It’s the proudest I’ve ever seen him, aside from your discharge ceremony or becoming Indigo Champion.”

“I don’t want to disappoint him.”

“I can’t see how it’s possible, Drew,” I said. “He loves you so much, and I wouldn’t imagine he’d want you to bear through a miserable job to carry on his legacy.”

He nodded. “I hate that I don’t love it like I hoped. I’m trying to hold on and see if there’s anything to justify remaining there…”

“And what happens if there isn’t?”

“Then I’ll start looking at my options. I doubt at that point it would be difficult to quit.”

“Well, at least you still have your Champion duties.”

Drew sighed again, and his head rested in his hands.

“Is something wrong there, too?”

“...I’d rather not get into it. I’m disillusioned about multiple matters right now.”

“I wish there was more I could do for you. But the important thing is you deserve to be happy, regardless of what path your career takes.”

“Thank you, kiddo,” he said, smiling again.

“By the way, what about your education?”

His smile grew. “It’s one of the few parts of my life illuminating my dilemma.”

“Are you still enjoying your classes?”

“Of course! I live for class. I’ll be glum when classes end.”

“When do you finish? It’s soon, right?”

“In May, so I have less than three months left.”

“Drew, that’s incredible,” I said, high-fiving him. “It seems like you enrolled yesterday.”

“Agreed. If it wasn’t for a decade’s worth of reading, my memory, and testing out of classes, I wouldn’t have been able to move so far ahead. But all the hard work paid off. I’m already doing research for my thesis.”

“How cool! Is it normal for a four-year degree?”

“It’s not required, but it’s an option for those who plan on pursuing higher education. Knowing me, I wouldn’t write it off.”

“No argument,” I replied. “So what’re you writing it on?”

“It’s a work in progress, but it’s on the correlation between fundamental philosophies regarding the nature of pokémon evolution and the soul ties that form within the bonds of pokémon and their trainers. Professors Oak, Birch, Rowan, and Sycamore have been godsends on the latest research to supplement my hypotheses.”

“Well, if we can toast to anything, it’s to your upcoming graduation.”

We clinked glasses and drank.

“Besides, having your degree might offer new employment opportunities to find your happiness again. Despite law enforcement being a logical choice, it might not have been the most correct one.”

“How so?”

“Well… you love working with pokémon and people, so despite anything else paining you, pursuing something in line with that should aid your search.”

He smiled. “...Yeah, true. I appreciate the advice… and, for what it’s worth, thank you for the free therapy.”

I chuckled. “Any time. Besides, it means we’ll need more whiskey.”

He joined me, downing the rest of his glass. “Best idea I’ve heard tonight.”

We demolished our salads as the owner replaced our whiskeys, also dropping off our feast. I filled our grill with our skewers while Drew divided the rest between us.

“Well, I’m done speaking about myself,” Drew said, chuckling. “How’s everything at home?”

“Ugh,” I replied, earning a laugh before accepting my plate of nourishment. “Guess it’s my turn for therapy.”

“You’re not forced.”

“You’ve been candid with me. No reason not to unload, too.”

“So how’s everything? Have Jackie and Bobby taken to being your protégés?”

I grinned. “They love it. It’s been wonderful having them at the gym. Our time together is something I wouldn’t trade for anything.”

“That’s phenomenal, kiddo. I’m so glad for you. They’re wonderful kids.”

“They are, and they’ve enjoyed getting to know you. I love having the entire family in the same city.”

He smiled. “Me too. How’s everything with your parents?”

“It’s still awkward, but we’ve made some progress. We’ve had a few civil phone conversations, and I’m visiting them this weekend to celebrate Bobby’s sixteenth birthday.”

“Wow, how humbling. How long has it been since you’ve seen them?”

“Not since our ballet recital last year, but we haven’t spent time together for the last seven years… since Devon Corporation’s Christmas party.”

Drew stopped eating and stared at me, his eyes and mouth open wide. “It’s been that long?”

I nodded.

“How do you feel about it?”

“...I’m nervous… but I can’t keep this distance forever. As much as they hurt me, we’re still a family.”

“I commend you for having courage since this hasn’t been easy on you,” he said.

“We’re progressing in a positive direction. I’m trying not to hope too much and end up disappointed. But it would be more enjoyable for family relations to be… somewhat normal. Or at least more positive.”

He smiled. “I’ll be wishing you the best.”

“Thanks, Your Excellence. It would also be a relief for the animosity of the past to be gone. Especially if they see you’re a wonderful person.”

“Well, I’m flattered, kiddo. But don’t worry about it. Someday it could be possible. We were all civil with each other when we spoke after our recital.”

“Yeah… at least it shows there’s some hope on the horizon,” I said, taking the skewers off the grill and loading them onto our plates.

“Well, I’m open to it if they are,” he said, accepting the plate I handed to him. “By now, I’d hope they’ve forgiven me for punching your father in the face.”

I chuckled. “Hoping so.”

“So how’s my brother doing?”

My smile vanished. “He’s still an enormous pain in the ass, much worse than when you lived with us.”

“It’s that bad?”

“It’s unbearable. We all do our best to avoid him.”

“I’m so sorry, kiddo.”

“It’s not your fault.”

“I don’t get it. He’s acted strange for several years, and I hoped this was a phase. What do you think happened?”

“We were on amiable terms when you became Champion, and he was fine when he started training in Blackthorn City. It wasn’t until after your discharge ceremony he’d traveled there to train again and came back earlier than planned, distraught, and much more frigid to us. It’s been the same ever since.”

“That’s awful.”

I nodded. “Some days we don’t see him, and when we do he’s cold to everyone. Has he told you anything, as his older brother?”

“He hasn’t. I’ve witnessed the drastic change, too, but he’s seldom said anything to me. I’m concerned, but I’m powerless since he’s an adult.”

“Yeah, well, if he does anything to disrespect or mistreat my siblings, I’ll take care of him. My apologies in advance, but I don’t care who he is. His bullshit won’t slide if it escalates.”

“I understand. Please call me if it gets to that point. If something’s bothering him, I don’t want him to be alone.”

“He’d drive you insane if he lived with you.”

He chuckled. “Yeah, but I can’t stand the idea of him being on his own.”

“You’re Brother of the Year, Reigning Champ.”

“Oh, c’mon, kiddo. You’d do the same for your siblings.”

“Yeah, but you know how well-behaved they are.”

“True. Guess it makes Silver stick out.”

I nodded with a smirk.

As we schmoozed, laughed, and ate, my thoughts from earlier returned, much like an obnoxious pest. The narrative amplified by Jackie’s voice made it impossible to drown out, and the way his eyes caught the surrounding light enamored me once again.

I’d never forget the day I first saw him. The brooding, mysterious, and quiet demeanor coupled with his sleek jumpsuit and executive uniforms struck and ignited me like a flint. Something in my spirit was drawn to something in his. I didn’t recognize what it was then. My naïveté took it to be my admiration of his strength and prowess on the battlefield, and it morphed into a vital, older-brother-younger-brother relationship when he was a deployed soldier and me an anxious teenager on the verge of a calamitous transformation.

But over time, I realized this wasn’t idolization. It wasn’t the longing for a platonic connection. Nor was it a brotherly bond. In actuality, it was the unadulterated love I tried my best to distance myself from and disown but without ever being cleansed. Our fateful meeting created a cataclysmic shift in the course of both of our lives, and Drew was the sole person responsible for the terrific life I now lived.

But the price for harboring this desire was steep. What existed between us was something I wouldn’t trade, regardless of the sum of the fortune offered to me. The gift of life he’d stoked and fostered held an incomparable value. And it was the sole reason I refused to tell Drew the truth. The idea of living without Drew’s warmth threatened to destroy everything I’d created for myself. It was a reality I refused to exist in, and it was a wager I wasn’t willing to gamble, much to the chagrin of the flame that singed my soul.

The desire threatened to ignite at innocent gatherings, unbeknownst to our loved ones around us. Family dinners at Ken and Saundra’s house were what I lived for each week, and each night I’d regret accepting a drink or sitting across the table from Drew. I couldn’t withhold the smile that rested on my face and the erection that swelled in reaction to his smile or laugh or if his foot rubbed mine by accident. Moments where we were in closer proximity threatened to weaken my resolve, and each time we left, a part of me wished either he’d invite me to stay the night with him or I’d drag him with me back to the gym.

After drinking multiple glasses of whiskey like they were water, we sat and chuckled at each other, our meals gone and our moods as mellow as ever, with my being more inebriated than Drew. After he’d paid and said his good nights to the owner, we made our way back outside with our companions and walked (if you could call my stumbling walking) through the downtown hub until we were in the southwestern part of town at the road connecting both Drew’s neighborhood and mine.

“Are you sure you’ll make it home okay?” he asked, chuckling and holding me for balance, his touch making it difficult to contain my arousal.

“Oh, please,” I said, patting him on the back. “I’m the Gym Leader after all. I can manage.”

“Oh?” he asked, releasing me and watching as my body stumbled from my unbalanced equilibrium. “See? You can’t even stand up straight. Even I could trounce you if I wanted to.”

As evidenced by my hidden arousal, the temptation was far too strong to ignore. “Don’t even speak it if you don’t intend to follow through…”

He chuckled. “Whatever, get yourself home in one piece.”

“Oh, don’t you worry. My companions will keep me safe.”

Our companions ran around a moment before my eyes locked with Drew’s again. In slow motion, he came closer and enveloped me in his muscular arms. I fought against the desire to let myself make my home in his embrace. As fast as it formed, it broke apart, and I caught a smile. Feeling sheepish, I turned around and waddled toward my neighborhood, only turning around after a moment passed to watch him walk in his own direction. He hesitated and looked behind him, locking eyes again. For a second, I thought I saw my desire in his eyes. I blinked, and it vanished, confirming it must’ve been my projection.

“Good night, kiddo,” he said. “Thank you for spending it with me.”

“Anytime,” I replied. “Good night, Your Excellence.”

He chuckled before the distance between us grew, sobering me from his spirit’s addictive trance. Soon, my companions and I made it home. We locked the doors behind us and made our way downstairs, floating through the space.

Jackie’s and Bobby’s suites were quiet, and the only noise came from Silver’s closed door. It was faint, but something from the audio caught my attention. As my companions trod into my suite, I held my ear at the door to his suite, listening to the sounds of multiple men and women grunting meeting my ears. If I wasn’t mistaken, from the cries of pleading, the smacking of leather on flesh, and the resulting groans of pleasure rising from pain confirmed for me Silver’s secret, guilty pleasure was some scandalous and torturous adult content.

I chuckled to myself, giving him a silent good night and an affirmation for whatever gave him some respite from his coldhearted attitude and collapsed in my bed.



Chapter Three



The Overdue Catharsis



Awaking to my siblings rushing my bed wasn’t new. It happened often, and most of the time I shrugged it off, glad to have a positive distraction than a negative one. I’d gotten into bed close to 4:30 AM and had only gotten half a night’s sleep when they barreled in, clad in their pajamas, and ambushed me.

“Attack!” Bobby bellowed.

Soon, my bed became a mosh pit, my siblings laughing as Mightyena, Arcanine, and Manectric pounced and gave kisses, giving me a chance to gain my bearings and wrestle my way on top.

“You two never outsmart me,” I said, chuckling, “but you came close. You should be grateful I’m hungover; otherwise, I would’ve decimated you.”

“Appa, tell us about last night!” Jackie said.

“But we had to get you. Silver’s out of his suite.”

“Are you serious?” I asked.

They nodded. He seldom left, so this was a key opportunity.

“Head downstairs and try to wait on him. I’m gonna check something before I join.”

They left my bed and returned downstairs, allowing me a chance to yawn.

“You too, boys,” I said. “I’ll be there in a minute.”

They barked and barreled after them.

Rather than dressing in more than my briefs, I stepped into the hall with a pair of shorts slung over my shoulder and peered into Silver’s suite, once Drew’s. The stench I expected in rare moments his suite was open wasn’t at all pungent, though what I saw was telling. Aside from some filthy clothes in piles, the most striking image was the many liquor bottles littering his floor. Drinking wasn’t rare for either of us, but I drank more in moderation. Since he was a recluse, we couldn’t observe his habits, and this was a surefire sign there was more to his moodiness than we’d realized.

I overheard some light chatter from downstairs as I left and crept down the stairs. His eyes met mine as I entered the room.

“Great, so much for my appetite,” he said, his usual shtick if I was only in my underwear.

In my defense, I enjoyed seeing him uncomfortable, making certain I wore what he didn’t want to see. But his disgust gave way to a devilish idea. His plate and coffee were still on the island, the perfect chance to tease him. I tossed my shorts onto the couch and made direct eye contact.

“Come here, Yarô,” I said. “You need a hug.”

“Don’t you dare, Manuke,” he said. “I’m warning you.”

“Oh, what’re you gonna do?” I asked.

He hadn’t broadened his horizons outside running and kickboxing, so our physiques were no longer similar. Seeing as how I wouldn’t relent and moved closer to him, panic overshadowed his pupils as he backed away.

“Jake, please,” he pleaded. “I beg you.”

“Oh, I love it when a man begs,” I teased before I made more sudden movements, prompting him to bolt.

I chased him around the kitchen, with the island keeping me from pouncing, as Jackie and Bobby giggled and enjoyed this quality entertainment. Despite his extensive self-defense training, my game unnerved him and disconnected him from everything he’d learned. Whereas I once feared what he was capable of, it surprised me years later at how much this observation had reversed for each of us, with him moody and passive and myself more confident and aggressive when the mood struck.

“C’mon, Yarô, all I want is a hug. Is that too much to ask?”

“Yes! Get away, Manuke. I’m not in the mood!”

I sped up after more chasing, and I grabbed him before he reached the stairs. We fell to the ground, a lot of grunting on his part as he tried to wrestle out of my grasp. Because of his lack of weight training, I overpowered him, putting him in a full headlock, allowing me to deliver the biggest bear hug I could muster.

“See, you royal pain in the ass? All your frigid heart needed was some love. We’re your family, in case you forgot.”

“This isn’t what I need; now get off me! You disgust me.”

I refused to release him until he stopped squirming. He stopped resisting, and when I couldn’t justify restraining him any longer, I gave him one last squeeze before releasing him. He grabbed his breakfast and coffee and rushed upstairs, leaving us alone.

“Have we mentioned how much we love being here?” Bobby asked.

“Especially with this entertainment,” Jackie added.

I grinned, standing and catching my breath as I slipped into my shorts. “Yes, you two are so spoiled here.”

I looked at the breakfast Jackie made, a delicious fried rice, before serving portions for myself and my companions. “Thank you for this. Sleeping late a tad and not having to cook was… enjoyable.”

Bobby giggled.

“You keep giggling, squirt, and you’re in for some payback for waking me. Don’t mess with the Cancer, Wangja!”

Jackie got in between us and hugged me tight. “You deserve to be spoiled for a change. Now, please, tell us about last night!”

I sat with them, their eyes eager as I dug into my breakfast. My companions munched on the floor near us.

“Did you do anything fun?” she asked.

I chuckled. “Yes and no. Work was fun. Plenty of love and attention bestowed on me, and an after-party was buzzing around the entire club.”

“There was?!” Jackie exclaimed.

I nodded. “With more debauchery than one person should partake in… but I didn’t attend.”

“Aww, you didn’t?” Bobby asked.

“Why didn’t you?” Jackie asked.

“I planned to… but I found a better option.”

“Which was?”

“Hanging out with Drew.”

“Oh!” Jackie exclaimed. “That’s wonderful!”

“Relax, Gongju,” I replied. “Nothing happened. It was only hanging out.”

“Appa…”

“Gongju, this isn’t open for discussion.”

She frowned but nodded.

“All we did was hang out. We had a wonderful time at a late-night restaurant. When we finished, I came straight home and collapsed in bed.”

“That’s wonderful, Appa,” Bobby said.

“And still I see the blush on your cheeks,” Jackie said. “It shows how much you enjoyed spending time with him.”

I couldn’t help it, but I did my best to temper this topic. “I’m not discussing it, as what I’m wearing won’t hide what happens to me when his name’s said, but that’s all it was. A night on the town as friends.”

“Well, I’m glad you had a grand time, regardless,” Bobby said. “What did you two talk about?”

I summarized the extensive range of topics we covered as we ate, with my getting seconds and resisting my temptation for coffee.

“Well, we’re sorry for waking you, but we had to get you when Silver left his suite,” Jackie said.

“Don’t worry, you two,” I replied. “I’m glad you did. I have more information I can give to Drew.”

“So what do you have planned today?” Jackie asked.

“Well, after checking on all our pokémon, I’m returning to my bed. I’m not working until this afternoon, so I’d like to rest so the circles under my eyes disappear.”

Bobby giggled.

“Go head, Appa,” Jackie said, taking my plate, “and we’ll take care of dinner when you come home.”

I hugged and kissed them both. “You’re the best. What about you two? What do you two have planned?”

“Training,” Bobby said.

“And trainer challenges, if anyone visits.”

“Cool,” I replied. “If they’re strong contenders, tell me when I need to meet their challenge.”

“Of course, Appa,” Bobby said.

With breakfast done, my companions and I returned to our habitat. If I hadn’t been exhausted, I would’ve enjoyed frolicking in the sunshine warming the space. My companions ran off to venture to their favorite spots or play with their buddies. They’d already fed everyone, who seemed cheerful and full of energy. Tails wagging, smiles on their faces, and plenty of healthy commotion.

I walked around and observed how everyone was doing. I provided well for my pokémon, the same being for Jackie’s roserade, mawile, poliwhirl, and flareon and Bobby’s golduck, grovyle, quilava, and luxray. What I cared most about were Silver’s pokémon, who weren’t getting as much attention and care from him.

Since Silver’s temperament shifted, he’d taken more of a passive role in the gym’s leadership, abandoning most (if not all) of his duties and existing only in his suite or the habitat if nobody else was here. With Jackie and Bobby being my protégés, we didn’t consider him a co-leader. But because of his connection to Drew and the uneasiness at home, we decided not to disrupt our lives by reporting it to Dustin and left everything as it was.

I sat in the grass and paid some attention to Silver’s feraligatr, gengar, magneton, crobat, and weavile, as Persian was most likely with Silver. They had grown to regard me well and enjoyed spending time with me instead of their master whenever he wasn’t functioning. It saddened me, but it warmed my heart doing anything I could for them until something changed.

Once I’d raised their spirits, I checked on everyone else, observing with smiles as Drew’s pokémon played with our other teammates. Since Drew had moved into his own apartment, with mine and Dustin’s blessings, his team lived here for training and to remain in a suitable environment. Espeon and Ninetales stayed with Drew in his apartment when he was home, but they’d reside here when he was at work for their safety and staying connected to our huge, happy family. And with his telekinetic abilities, his ease of travel allowed him to teleport wherever he wanted and made being in multiple places in a day’s time for work, school, training, and home feasible.

I smiled and looked on as I watched Lucario, Gallade, and Blaziken practice-spar, Dragonite and Garchomp flew around the space, Tyranitar and Aggron dug in the far corner, and Metagross played with some of the other pokémon with its telekinesis.

“All right,” I said once I’ve given some loving attention to everyone, “it’s time for bed.”

~ ~ ~

Despite my happiness in celebrating Bobby’s sixteenth birthday and being with my siblings, the thought of spending quality time with my parents (or as close to it as we’d been in recent years) left my stomach in knots. I’d had a meager appetite at breakfast, a telling sight for my siblings familiar with how much of a bottomless pit my stomach was.

To overcome my anxiety, I traveled to Vermillion for my normal fitness regimen and had Surge do all he could to break me, in hopes the release would offer some relief. Exhausted by the end, my anxiety still lingered. I ate as much as my appetite (or lack thereof) allowed at lunch before I guided Jackie and Bobby through yoga. Jackie spent time with me for some self-care and sauna time afterward before we were due to get ready.

“Appa, I hate that this is difficult for you,” she said, her hand resting on mine. “I wish we could do more to put your mind at ease.”

“Me too,” I replied. “If recent interactions say anything, there’s nothing to fear. We’ve been getting along, and we all desire reconciliation… but it’s so tough to forget everything, even if I’ve forgiven them for most of it.”

“Appa, they publicly disowned you in front of a huge group of people, they ridiculed you in the hospital after being subject to a hate crime, and you put your life back together after your PTSD diagnosis and nearly attempting suicide. Give yourself a break.”

“I know, Gongju. My apprehension isn’t without reason. It’s going to take time to feel safe with them.”

“Today’s journey begins for everyone. We don’t agree with what they’ve done, and we’ve had very frank conversations with them. And, to our surprise, they’ve listened to everything we’ve said. They’ve even told us before they have regret for how everything’s played out, despite how their parents raised them. Bobby and I have hope some good can come of the olive branch you extended years ago, even if it’s uncomfortable.”

I smiled. “It means so much to have you and Bobby as my allies in this.”

“What did you expect?” she asked, prompting chuckles from both of us.

“Nothing less… but after all I’ve been through, it means the world.”

“You already have some fierce allies on your side,” she said.

Images of Drew, Misty, Saundra, and Mr. Stone flashed through my mind, bringing tears behind my eyes.

“Even without us, you’d be fine, but we wouldn’t turn our backs on you. You know that, and you’ll always be our older brother.”

Tears coated my cheeks as we embraced.

“Thank you, Gongju.”

“Do you need anything before we leave?”

I shook my head. “I need to face this fear. But… guidance with deciding what to wear would help.”

“Well, that much I can do.”

Jackie left to shower while I enjoyed the sauna more. Once I was decent after my shower, with my hair and skin taken care of, she helped me pick out my ensemble. She chose my black silk dress shirt, the same one I’d worn to a past birthday party that fit snug now, keeping the top three buttons unfastened and the sleeves rolled to keep my arms bare. I paired it with some blue jeans and my gray loafers.

Also, at her request, she took jewelry out of my box, urging me to wear them. She’d retrieved the silver round watch with a burgundy leather band Sandra gave me, the stone bracelets she and Bobby gave me, and the necklace our parents gave as their own olive branch.

“You don’t need them, but our parents should see you’re a man of status.”

I nodded. She placed the rose quartz on my left wrist next to my watch and the carnelian on my right wrist. I put the silver chain around my neck, focusing on the talisman hanging from it with an engraving of our family’s name, one I seldom acknowledged. I swallowed, accepting the reality of our imminent departure.

Once Jackie and Bobby were ready, they returned to the living room where I waited, wearing traditional kimonos, with Jackie wearing red and Bobby wearing purple, and cardigans I’d bought for them hugging their shoulders. My cheeks burned as I realized not only how grown they appeared but how proud I was as their older brother, not wearing anything traditional.

“I’ll meet you both outside,” I said. “I forgot something.”

They nodded and moved to the front door while I scurried upstairs. I’d only thought of grabbing a parka, but I needed something traditional for the occasion. I looked through my closet for something I’d purchased but hadn’t worn. As a splurge with my accumulated birthday money over the years, I’d bought a high-fashion hasode, a high-end cross between a kimono and a heavier cloak, which surrounded my frame in a striking scarlet. I threw it over me and fastened the buttons before I joined the group outside and saddled Arcanine. Bobby wrapped his arms around my torso, and Jackie around his, as we made the trek home, the knots in my stomach unrelenting as we drew closer to the city limits.

Once we reached the house, my legs functioned like jelly when I dismounted and released my other companions.

“All right, boys, rules are rules,” I said. “I’ll bring something out for you when it’s dinnertime.”

“Appa, it’s fine,” Jackie said, with her releasing Flareon and Bobby releasing Luxray and Quilava.

“Yeah, Abeoji and Eomeoni are fine with our pokémon being inside now,” Bobby added.

“They are?”

They nodded.

“They don’t need to stay out here,” Jackie said. “When we visit, Flareon, Quilava, and Luxray are in the house with us without issues.”

I couldn’t wrap my mind around this change.

“All right, boys. I guess this is your lucky day. Don’t jump all over them, okay? This is new for me, too.”

They barked and received some head rubs before I turned toward the door, where Jackie and Bobby strode ahead of me. I swallowed, my hands shaking. I searched for what to do with them, wondering about putting them in my pockets. Bobby entered the house, with Jackie waiting for me and holding out her hand, which I took.

Inside the house, the atmosphere was a stark difference from the last time I’d entered. Aromas of beef and spices wafted through the air, a stark sign the family wasn’t destitute as in years past. Warmth surrounded us, even outside the roaring fireplace our companions flocked to, standing in contrast to the historic chill with which I was all too familiar. The difference in temperature, and the addition of more color in accent pieces and art to the once drab living space, unnerved me.

We removed our coats, and my heart rate rose when I locked eyes with our mother, who wore a red and white kimono and her reddish brown hair in a bun. Our father was at the grill, taking a giant steak off the grill to rest, wearing a black and white kimono and a smile. The messages the scene gave me left me perplexed and uneasy.

Our mother finished setting the table with more elegant china than I ever remembered us having and came over to us. We bowed to her as she approached.

“You all look so wonderful,” she said, giving hugs to Jackie and Bobby first.

“Thank you, Eomeoni,” Jackie said.

“You look wonderful, too,” Bobby added.

Her smile seemed genuine, which only added to the unease I buried below my façade.

“Thank you both, and you’re right on time,” she said. “Dinner’s ready.”

She turned to me, and her eyes changed. Fuck, my emotions weren’t in check, so I hoped I’d remain in control of them, regardless of how the night progressed. She brought me into her arms, and I tried to relax, albeit with some fear remaining.

“It’s so wonderful to see you,” she said, her smile as unnerving as the warm, cozy atmosphere. “You look marvelous. Thank you so much for coming.”

I tried to smile and reciprocate it, though it didn’t feel natural yet. “Well, it’s all to celebrate Bobby, but thank you for having me.”

“Of course. We’ve been anticipating having you for a while. Come, let’s get everyone settled. Yeobo, I can take over if you’d like.”

The unnerving continued as she took over the finishing touches on dinner, allowing our father to come and give hugs and kisses to Jackie and Bobby. To see him with a genuine smile shocked me. He came closer and held out his hand, which I took, receiving a firm handshake.

“It’s wonderful having you here, Jake. Can I interest you in a drink?”

Without thinking much about what it would entail, I croaked out, “Sure.”

It wasn’t uncommon for Abeoji to enjoy a drink, but including me in this rite of passage was new.

“Do you drink whiskey?” he asked.

“Love it,” I said, close to cutting him off.

Jackie and Bobby poured themselves tea as I stared my awkwardness in the face as I waited for him to hand me a glass half full of whiskey with a handful of ice cubes. We moved to the living room and sat, where he raised his glass.

“Geonbae,” he said to us.

“Geonbae,” we replied, raising our glasses for a crisp clink. While everyone else took sips of their beverages, I downed the entire glass in one take, the ice clinking at the bottom of the empty glass. While the gesture astonished Jackie and Bobby, their surprise paled in comparison to our father’s.

“It wasn’t to be taken literally, Babo,” Jackie said, stifling a chuckle.

“Yeah… I got that.”

To segue off a nervous laugh (with Jackie and Bobby giggling, too), my father asked, “It’s all right. Care for another, Jake?”

“Please,” I said.

While he went to make me another, I traipsed into the kitchen, my nervous energy my ever loyal companion.

“Is there anything I can help with?” I asked her.

“Sure, Jake. Would you like to help bring everything to the table?”

After donning oven mitts, I walked their pot to the table as she ladled deep ladlefuls of Kimchi Jjigae with Mandoo into our bowls, the spicy and meaty aromas tantalizing my nose. Steam wafted off them, needing time to cool, but the nostalgic flavors helped dismantle my anxiety, or at least I hoped. Once we filled all of our bowls to the brim, she brought over a platter of lettuce cups while I brought over the resting steak, a smoky and spicy bulgogi I’d only had during one childhood occasion.

My father came by and set my drink in front of my place setting, his smile still present.

“I promise this one won’t disappear so fast,” I said, hoping a laugh would relax my nerves.

“Don’t worry,” Abeoji said, patting me on the back. “We have plenty.”

“All right, gajog,” Eomeoni said, “dinner’s ready.”

Everyone took their seats, seated as we were years before in our normal places, underscoring how long it had been since we’d had dinner together around the table. Well before I became a Gym Leader. The last time I’d even set foot in their house was the day they asked me to put on a façade at Devon Corporation’s holiday party that became a complete disaster. Yet, in a bizarre sense, somehow our gathering felt right. Meant to be even. As if no time had passed. The difference in how far we’d come as a family amazed me, but my heart was reluctant to hope for any potential reconciliation. Yes, everything around us had improved, but was our family capable of reconciling? It remained the heaviest question on my mind.

“Happy birthday, Bobby-san,” Abeoji said.

“We wanted an extraordinary feast to celebrate,” Eomeoni said, smiling. “Yeobo, would you slice the steak?”

“Eomeoni,” Jackie interjected, “why don’t you have Jake do the honors?”

“Oh, of course,” she replied. “Would you mind, Jake? We’ve heard you’re quite the chef these days.”

My tightness behind my smile loosened. “Heh, sure. I’m honored.”

I stood and walked around the table, taking their gyuto and holding it with ease as I sliced the steak against the grain, each strip showing a spicy, sugary crust on the outside and a gorgeous medium on the inside.

“What a pleasant surprise,” Abeoji said. “Tell us more about how you became interested in cooking.”

As I sliced the steak, I opined more on helping Saundra in the kitchen, which fostered my curiosity and desire to learn how to cook. As I finished, I concluded by mentioning how I was now working more in restaurants as sous chefs outside my job as Gym Leader.

“How lovely,” Eomeoni said. “We’ll have to bring you into the kitchen sometime so we can see what you’ve learned.”

“Yes, a wonderful idea,” Abeoji said.

I didn’t know yet how to handle this newfound enthusiasm. Regardless, dinner was a needed and appreciated distraction. Jackie embarrassed me by telling them I was an accomplished dancer also, which, though odd, helped ease the tension in the room. To my relief, my hunger returned as my nerves released. Before I knew it, as our conversations around the table continued to be pleasant, I’d demolished my portions. The savory, spicy soup with the rich, meaty dumplings and the steak hit all the right notes. I filled my bowl and plate again, which delighted my parents. When we’d finished, our stomachs delightfully full, I stood to help tidy the kitchen.

“Not a chance,” Jackie said. “I’ve got this. You all rest.”

“C’mon, Nuna,” Bobby said, “let me help.”

“That’s out of the question, birthday boy.”

“No, it isn’t,” he replied, gesturing to us and whispering. “Let’s let them talk.”

She relented, and they cleaned and put away the leftovers. I followed our parents to the living room.

“Jake, care for another drink? I’m pouring one for your mother and myself.”

“Sure, thank you.”

I sat in front of the fire near Eomeoni, with my companions coming closer, giving them plenty of head rubs.

“Do you have a rule about them staying on the ground?” I asked.

“Not at all,” Eomeoni said.

Mighyena and Manectric joined me, with Manectric curling into a ball next to me and Mightyena laying on my other side, with its head in my lap. Arcanine laid at my feet, laying on its back as my feet rubbed its stomach.

“It’s so sweet how attached they are to you,” she said.

I smiled. “They’re the best companions. We do everything together, and they’ve made lonely nights much more bearable.”

My father handed me my drink before handing the others out. I took a swig and, without thinking, drank half of it. Embarrassed, with what I’d drunk already having gone to my head, I set my glass on the table.

“Jake, we’re so pleased to have this time with you,” Eomeoni said.

“Yes, and we wanted to talk since you’re here,” Abeoji said.

My heart rate rose, and now was the moment I needed to finish what was in my glass, downing the rest before returning it to its place.

“We recognize this took considerable effort to return home,” Eomeoni began.

“We expected nerves since we made some terrible mistakes,” Abeoji said, “and there are some grave words we owe to you.”

Fuck, with where I sensed this conversation headed and alcohol already in my system, my emotions threatened to surface. I nodded, unable to do anything else. My arms surrounded Manectric and Mightyena for comfort.

“We’ve had many harsh conversations with much wiser people in our community,” Eomeoni said, “one of them being Mr. Stone. He’s so fond of you, and he’s spoken to us on countless occasions. More than we would’ve liked. But he was adamant about us examining how our families raised us and how it affected how we’ve treated you.”

“We realized how many mistakes we’d made and how all of them traumatized you from those brutal conversations,” Abeoji said.

“We aren’t perfect,” Eomeoni said, “but we’d held plenty of discussions and agreed to be more open to new concepts and people, and one of them is you.”

“Returning home after an extensive absence and many excruciating memories must be difficult, but we’d like to apologize for hurting you, Ji-Sung, and we’d like to include you in the family again.”

The sheer reality of their profound confessions left me in tears, and I couldn’t stop. As much as I’d moved on and pretended what happened no longer affected me, life had denied me this cathartic moment. I buried my head in my hands, not realizing my parents were soon kneeling at my sides, their hands on my knees.

“Jake, we’re so, so sorry,” Eomeoni said. “We’re terrible parents for not protecting or supporting you.”

“We want to make amends,” Abeoji added. “While we can’t take back our words, actions, or the distance they created, we want you back in our family. You’re not obligated to decide since nothing in our power could right those mistakes.”

I wiped my eyes, my hands occupied once they fell.

“That must've been difficult to share,” I said, tears coating my cheeks, “and I didn’t expect to be here in my wildest dreams. I’m still so terrified, despite all I’ve done to be strong and confident in myself… but I can’t help it. As happy as I am, I still can’t shake those memories when nightmares remind me of those horrible nights. Even with managing my PTSD, I still deal with those memories. As strong as I’ve become, there are still moments when I feel like your broken child...”

My parents sat on the couch next to me after my companions gave them space, engrossed in tears as they hugged me close.

“We love you, Ji-Sung,” Abeoji said.

“And we’re proud of the man you’ve become,” Eomeoni said.

We released our pent-up emotions for a while before a serene mood permeated the space. Jackie brought out a platter of yakgwa Eomeoni had made earlier and served us.

“We understand everything from tonight is a lot to process,” Eomeoni said, “but we want you here. As long as you’re comfortable with it.”

“We’re determined to respect you as an adult and your having a life of your own, but you still have space here at home,” Abeoji added.

“I appreciate the gesture,” I replied. “It’s a lot to take in. I don’t know how I feel… but I’m open to it. I want to move on.”

“We’re open to trying if you are,” Eomeoni said.

“But who I am isn’t changing,” I said. “It’s been an issue in the past, but we need to agree to disagree and keep everything respectful if it’s still an issue.”

“It’s still something we’re adjusting to,” Abeoji said, “but we’re determined to try.”

“And,” Jackie added, “there’s something else.”

We all looked at her with surprise.

“Abeoji, Eomeoni, someday Jake will want to settle down, and I want him to be happy. Will you be okay with it?”

“Gongju,” I said.

“Appa, we’re serious. You deserve it. And I know you have feelings-”

“Gongju, I don’t want to discuss this here.”

“Regardless, you’ll be in love someday… and I’ll be the first to say I support and stand with you.”

“Me too,” Bobby said.

Both my siblings looked at our parents, who, while timid, did their best to keep pleasant expressions.

“While it may not be easy,” Abeoji said, “we’d like to do our best to support whatever makes you happy.”

“And does it include acting civil with Drew?” I asked. “Introductions didn’t start well, but he’s the most influential person in my life.”

“We agree,” Bobby said.

“Bobby and I have both befriended him,” Jackie said, “and he’s the most genuine, big-hearted, most thoughtful guy we’ve met. And he’s been the most protective and staunch supporter to Jake when our fractured family wasn’t supportive. Are you willing to honor this for him?”

While Abeoji seemed embarrassed, Eomeoni did her best to speak for them.

“Like your father mentioned, all of this change has been tough on us. Even if it’s difficult, we want to pursue resolution as best we can. If it means hosting Drew and getting to know him, we’ll put our best faces forward. But we ask for your patience as we sort through thoughts and feelings emerging from our past. There may be difficulties, but we intend to choose what’s best for our family.”



Chapter Four



The Unmarked Letter



Spring always arrived at the right time. After enduring the chill for a season, it was a pleasant surprise. From plenty of mentoring, I’d learned to appreciate the beauty of nature as it reawakened, the city now adorned with multitudes of blooms and aromas. Pokémon sightings were more frequent, thriving after winter’s end. Soon, the city would host more events and enjoy the warmer weather, much like my loved ones and me.

Plus, since Spring was Drew’s favorite season, I bore witness, yet again, to his enjoyment and joy as nature came back to life. I couldn’t deny it was reason enough to be thankful, as his smile and presence were all I needed to survive even the toughest hardships.

Home was normal, except for the same issues my siblings and I dealt with on a regular basis. They received regular mentoring in between battles, and they were present at every gym battle to learn all they could. Silver continued to be a recluse, despite any information I provided Drew. When I wasn’t caring for the gym, I was taking care of myself or working at different restaurants, enjoying any mentoring I received from wiser, more accomplished chefs.

A lesson I’d learned with pronounced difficulty was we lost each present moment we took for granted. As an angst-ridden teenager on the verge of an identity crisis, it was heartbreaking, but as a seasoned adult, having a new perspective brought clarity. That season was necessary, but this present season wasn’t anything like the previous.

I was a Gym Leader; if not a formal one, very much an informal one. My siblings were my protégés and lived with me. My parents and I were on good-enough terms. I was a trained chef and an avid dancer, not to mention a fitness fanatic and not the scrawny beginning trainer from a decade ago. I had a wonderful network of colleagues and friends. Misty and Rudy were engaged and planning their wedding, and both of my siblings were in healthy relationships with their significant others. Saundra and Ken were the happiest they’d ever been, and Drew was now sprinting toward the finish line to earn his diploma.

Despite Silver being a stationary asshole, life was pleasant. Well, except for being single. It wasn’t the worst circumstance, and I’d learned to live with it. With life no longer turbulent, it was a more pleasant experience.

One sunny April day, I returned to the gym after my session with Surge, and crashing noises and bursts of light from the battlefield intrigued me. I dropped my bags in the lobby and strode through the open doors. Once inside, I couldn’t believe my eyes. I ran into a section of seats and hid myself, wanting to observe without being discovered.

In front of me was a jaw-dropping marvel beyond words, and I hoped any gasp escaping my throat remained undetected. There was Drew, center stage on our solid earth battlefield in his fitness pants and headband, embroiled in a phenomenal, awe-striking battle. A gleaming blue aura surrounded him, and his movement felt orchestrated, like a choreographed routine to music only I heard. All six of his pokémon surrounded him… but they didn’t look normal.

I’d spent so much time taking care of them they weren’t recognizable. They all looked… different. Larger. More vibrant. And much more powerful than before. They moved in a circle, directing their attacks at their trainer. I wouldn’t have guessed I’d see his pokémon on the offensive against him, sending a barrage of attacks at syncopated intervals in his direction, but yet it didn’t faze him. With his eyes shut, his blue aura remained strong as his body moved through various fighter stances, grabbing attacks and using them either as armor or as a projectile toward various opponents. In response, his pokémon would react, defending or counterattacking if they hadn’t sustained a blow.

As I watched, I realized what I witnessed, a previous conversation coming back to mind. Drew’s mournful face in the airport, waiting for our flight to Hawaii years ago, distraught about his mentors chastising him for his own curiosity. Being told traditions should remain separate. But my eyes pored over him in disbelief at the personal work he’d invested on finding the connection between his strengths and combining them into a seamless form of combat.

I watched with rapt attention as his pokémon did their best to subdue their master, firing off their strongest attacks, only to have them used against them or redirected to intercept other attacks.

“What are you doing, Manuke?” a voice came behind me, making me jump.

“Fuck, Yarô, you scared the shit out of me,” I whispered.

“Then fucking change your Depends and don’t stink up the battlefield,” he replied, standing in the aisleway, unbothered by the sights before us. “Why are you hiding? Do you mean to tell me you haven’t seen Drew in his true form?”

I shook my head. “I wasn’t aware he’d reached this level of strength in his training.”

“Well, believe it,” he said. “I’ve known my brother to be strong, but this confirms he isn’t like any other trainer from our generation.”

We continued to watch as he exhausted his pokémon. One fell, unable to battle, and their appearance changed with a flash of light, bringing it back to its regular form. The others closed in to compensate for their loss. If psychic abilities were faltering, his teammates switched to the offensive, but Drew came prepared. While teleporting and showing off years of various mastered martial art forms, he’d counterattack with his own physical strength, his partners struggling to match him.

“How many times have you seen this?” I asked him.

“Only a handful,” he replied.

“Have you asked about why his pokémon look peculiar?”

“Can’t say I have. I wasn’t in the right headspace last time… but now I’m curious.”

We didn’t speak for a while as we watched as he decimated his remaining teammates. With exhaustion rising, Drew harnessed what he had left in him for a final barrage, forcing his teammates into submission, leaving them unable to continue and reverting to their regular forms.

His blue aura evaporated, and after a moment to catch his breath, he sprayed his teammates with a potion before calling them back to their pokéballs.

“Well, well, well,” he said, using his American accent he’d honed from his last deployment, which he called his “Southern” voice. “I reckoned this wouldn’t be a secret from you two young’uns forever.”

Silver smirked, and his sensing my presence shocked me.

“Why’re you surprised?” Silver asked, a touch of shock and disgust hidden in his voice. “You knew he was intuitive well before I did.”

I stood, and my smile reappeared when he turned around and his eyes met mine. My tears returned. I shuffled past Silver and followed the aisle toward him. I now realized he had a clear stone in the middle of his headband. Whatever was inside looked like formless energy.

“What’s happening, kiddo?” he asked. “What’s with the tears?”

“.... I’m just so fucking proud of you.”

His smile matched mine. “Why?”

“Because… you achieved the impossible… like I knew you would.”

I embraced him, and his warmth surrounded me like a blanket as he returned the hug, his musk tantalizing my senses.

“I wouldn’t have accomplished it without your support,” he replied. “You believed in me, even when my mentors refused to affirm my suspicions.”

Our embrace broke apart after another moment of closeness, reminding us Silver had come closer.

“Thank goodness,” he said. “I was afraid I’d lose my breakfast.”

“Didi, you always know the exact opposite thing to say.”

He smirked. “Call it a gift.”

Drew hugged him, Silver softening only for a moment before his normal façade returned.

“What’s going on with you?”

“Just wanted some fresh air,” he said.

“Would you like to join me and Lance for lunch?” he asked.

“I’m good,” Silver said, quick to refuse. “Not feeling terrific, but thought you might be training.”

“All right,” Drew said, sadness penetrating his smile. “I have some time before I leave. Can I stop and chat with you?”

“Sure, Gēgē,” he replied.

“Great. And I’m glad you’re both here. I wanted to offer you some training… if you’re interested.”

I looked at Silver, who, while somewhat uninterested, nodded at me, which I returned.

“So, to introduce it, I have some gifts I’ve been holding for you.”

We followed him to the front row of stadium seats. He rifled through his bag and pulled out two small packages wrapped in thick paper.

“I kept these for you until you two were ready to learn a new form of battling, so destiny chose today.”

Silver and I each took one and unwrapped them, each of us uncovering a stone similar to the one in Drew’s headband. Holding it in my hand on its own felt special, an untapped energy source locked inside, only accessible to those sage enough to harness it.

“It’s the same stone you have,” I said.

“Yes, it’s called a key stone,” he replied. “It’s required for any trainer who wants to harness the power of mega evolution. I started learning when I was in France, but I didn’t want to teach you until I learned all I could first. Since I’ve mastered it, I’m ready to teach you what I’ve learned.”

“So you think we’re ready to learn?” I asked.

“I do,” he said. “It’s tricky at first, and it can backfire if you’re not bonded to your partner... but the more you work at it, the greater your bond becomes and the more powerful your partner becomes.”

For once in my life, I wasn’t nervous. Considering all the issues I’d overcome, closeness with my pokémon wasn’t one of them. But how would Silver fare?

“Is a key stone all we need?”

“Not quite,” he said, reaching into his bag for additional items.

Drew gave us two leather wristbands, one black and one gray, each with a slot to hold a key stone. He handed the black band to me and the gray one to Silver and also gave him a larger gray wristband, large enough for a pokémon to wear around its leg. For me, there was a black collar with a slot, but the slots were larger, like Silver’s large wristband.

This made more sense when Drew took out two additional packages, also wrapped in thick paper, larger than our key stones. Once we unwrapped them, it was obvious what fit inside. Silver had a pale lavender-tinged crystal containing a floating swirl of reddish purple and dark purple energy, and I had a yellow-tinged crystal with teal and red energy.

“These are Gengarite and Manectite,” Drew said. “To mega evolve your pokémon, these are the stones you’d need.”

“They’re incredible,” I said before turning to Silver. “Interested in getting your ass beat, Yarô?”

“My, how confident we are,” Silver said. “Eh, sure, why not.”

“Then you two fit your stones into your bands, and I’ll be back,” Drew said before vanishing.

I slipped my key stone into my wristband and put it on my right wrist before loading my mega stone into the slot on my collar. Silver did the same with his. We then took our own sides on the battlefield.

“It’s been a while since we’ve battled,” I told him.

“Let’s hope you don’t bore me to tears,” he replied.

“I doubt that.”

Right then, pokéballs materialized on our sides of the battlefield. Drew returned to the sidelines the next moment.

“Call forth your companions,” he said. “You’ll want to help them with their new accessories.”

We released our companions and did as instructed, with Manectric looking adorable with its new accessory around its neck. I looked across the field and saw Silver’s gengar with the wristband on one of its arms.

“You both feel confident in your bonds?” he asked.

“Without a doubt,” I replied.

“And you, Didi?”

He shrugged.

Something told me this battle wouldn’t be as much fun as I hoped.

“All right, so we’ll start slow,” Drew continued. “Jake, let’s start with you. As long as you have a strong connection with Manectric, touch your mega stone and call on it.”

I nodded, with Manectric’s head turned to look at me, its tail wagging and panting.

“All right, boy, this is it,” I said, my hand resting on my key stone. “Let’s show Silver your true power. Mega evolve!”

It let out a fierce bark before it glowed white, its bristly fur expanding and its body growing larger before the light dimmed and its new form stood before us, its nails red and its yellow mane now covering most of its teal body.

“Wonderful,” Drew said. “Looks like this won’t be too tough after all. Your turn, Didi.”

Silver looked determined, though something didn’t seem right.

“All right, Gengar,” Silver said, his hand resting on his key stone. “Let’s fight. Transform!”

Gengar glowed white, and its form grew and hands detached from its body, growing larger like the rest of it. When the light dimmed, its color intensified in a more reddish purple, with a third golden eye on its forehead.

But, rather than float, it drifted to the ground, exhausted, as if it was ready for a nap. It caught Drew and me by surprise.

“What are you doing?” Silver asked. “Wake up! This isn’t naptime.”

I wasn’t certain if Silver’s plight cut me to the heart or if finally having an advantage over him thrilled me.

“This isn’t starting like I expected,” Drew said, stifling whatever his reaction was.

“Gengar, use Shadow Ball!”

Gengar heard Silver and charged an attack, but rather than directing it at us, it threw it into the air, disintegrating as it rose into the sky.

I tried not to laugh, as I didn’t want to seem insensitive to Silver’s lack of discipline.

“Gengar! What was that? Are you insane?”

Gengar’s reaction was priceless. It cackled, amused by its own sense of humor toward its trainer, and it broke the levee containing my self-control. I couldn’t help chuckling along with it.

“Cut it out, Manuke,” he replied. “It’s not funny.”

“To hell it’s not,” I replied. “You expect me to be intimidated when this is the best you can bring?”

“You’re asking for it,” he said before turning his attention back to Gengar. “Use Hex!”

Rather than attack, it let out a humongous yawn, exacerbating Silver’s frustration and my laughter. How Drew was staying calm was a mystery to me.

“Gengar! Listen, we’re not here to play games or take a nap. Use Hypnosis!”

Finally, Gengar seemed to comply, and its eyes glowed blue.

“Manectric, counter with Electric Terrain!”

It roared and sent out a gigantic bolt of electricity rising into the air and swirled above us, creating a dome around the battlefield which faded into a veil of electric energy and canceled out Silver’s attack.

“Stellar strategy, kiddo,” Drew said.

“Oh, don’t make me sick,” Silver said. “Your lame moves don’t impress me.”

“Tell it to your partner,” I replied. “Now, Manectric, Discharge!”

Manectric glowed with a blinding golden aura before a massive storm of electricity, triple the normal amount I saw from it, erupted and fired at Gengar, making contact. Once it landed, tiny crackles of electricity remained on its body, confirming it became paralyzed.

“Gengar, counterattack! Shadow Punch!”

Gengar didn’t respond, instead turning around toward Silver and licking him, eliciting an angry response.

“Gengar! You’re making a fool of me!”

It was so challenging to keep from laughing, even Drew let out a chuckle.

“C’mon, Didi, this won’t be a fair battle. We tried, so why don’t we call it quits for now?”

Silver grumbled to himself, with Gengar chuckling before it reverted to its original form. Silver called it back and stormed off the battlefield.

“Don’t worry,” Drew said to me. “I’ll talk to him. Would you like to join Lance and me for lunch? It’s his birthday, so I told him I’d treat.”

“Sure,” I replied, “but aren’t you supposed to be using your time outside class to work on your thesis?”

He scratched the back of his head. “Yes, but I’ve been studying so much I’m burnt out, so I chose training instead.”

I chuckled. “Fair enough, Your Excellence.”

“Can I get ready here?”

“Of course, you can use my bathroom after you talk to Silver. Care for some self-care beforehand?”

He smiled. “Sure. I’ll come by once I’m done.”

He left the battlefield, leaving Manectric and me alone. It reverted to its regular form and ran over to me, receiving lots of head rubs and cuddles.

“You were outstanding,” I said, “and I can’t wait to train with you more.”

It barked and accepted cuddles before we moved downstairs, finding Bobby and Jackie in the living room.

“What happened, Appa?” Bobby asked.

“Silver came through here a few moments ago, and he looked more pissed than I’ve ever seen him,” Jackie added. “Drew chased after him and didn’t tell us anything.”

I chuckled. “It’s a long story, but Silver humiliated himself in a practice battle with some new training, so his ego suffered some bruising.”

“Wow, it must’ve been entertaining,” Jackie said.

“It was, Gongju. I wish you could’ve seen it… but I need to shower before lunch. Care to join Drew and me in celebrating Lance’s birthday?”

“We’d love to, Appa, but we have plans,” Bobby said. “Double date with Mahri and Wally.”

“Ah, I see. Well, I’m thrilled for you both having social lives and not having enough time for your lame brother.”

“Oh, stop!” Jackie said. “Don’t make us bruise your ego in a battle. That’s not true at all.”

I chuckled and hugged them. “I’m teasing - I’m delighted for both of you. Please don’t worry about me - focus on having a wonderful time.”

“We will, and we’ll give them your love,” Bobby said.

“Please do. See you both later.”

Dashing upstairs, I paid no mind to anything happening in Silver’s suite before holing myself in mine. I stripped off my clothes, scrubbed my face, and applied a mask before fetching a towel and escaping into the sauna. My thoughts evaporated as I sat there for a while, enjoying the silence and allowing the tension in my body to dissipate.

A few moments later, I heard my bedroom door open and shut. It was uncanny all my work evaporated. Once Drew’s naked silhouette appeared, my mind was no longer clear, and I was grateful my towel concealed my awakening erection.

I tried to clear my mind again as Drew washed his face, but once he came into the sauna with me, I accepted my work was fruitless. Around his neck was his tree agate bead necklace with a jade dragon head talisman, a trinket he’d acquired during his travels in the United States and wore often.

“Those were colossal secrets you kept to yourself until today,” I said, smirking at him.

He gave one back. “What secrets?”

“Don’t play dumb with me, Your Excellence. You know what I’m talking about… mega evolution and your united power. What other secrets are you keeping from me?”

Drew chuckled. “I don’t keep secrets, kiddo. You’re misinformed.”

“You’re a filthy liar,” I replied, giving him a noogie, which only exacerbated my arousal. “All signs point to Lance’s rebellious influence.”

Drew chuckled and didn’t fight back as I teased him, the next second letting him reorient himself.

“Kiddo, I tell you everything, so I don’t have a reason to withhold anything.”

“I know… and I understand why you wanted to wait. It’s mind-blowing to witness your journey from second-in-command of Team Rocket to becoming a total beast in battle… but it wasn’t surprising.”

He chuckled. “Why?”

“Because your capabilities are limitless. Over the years, I’ve understood that about you. Everything you’ve ever wanted, you’ve achieved… and I find it incredible. I wouldn’t think I could be more fucking proud of you.”

Drew’s eyes were misty, but his smile remained fixed on his face. “It means a lot, kiddo. None of it would be possible if it wasn’t for my loved ones supporting me… so thank you.”

I squeezed his hand. “I wouldn’t be anywhere else.”

He squeezed back. “No matter what happens, what keeps me content is knowing I have a best friend who’s right next to me, my permanent shotgun on whatever adventure comes my way.”

“Without a doubt,” I replied. “So, since we’re on the topic, what’s on the horizon? You’re graduating in a matter of weeks. What’s next? Have you thought more about your plans?”

He nodded. “I’ve been pondering a lot… and I’ve decided.”

“On what?”

“After graduation, I’m quitting my job.”

I smiled. “That’s wonderful, Drew. You deserve to do what makes you happy.”

“Agreed. After mulling it over, I don’t see it changing. I’m grateful for it, but I’m resigning after graduation.”

“Have you told your parents yet?”

“Not yet, but when we see them for dinner this weekend, I’ll break the news to them.”

“I doubt this’ll upset them.”

He nodded. “Same here.”

“So what do you have planned? What comes after graduation?”

He didn’t respond right away, but his eyes remained on me. Something in the air shifted.

“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. I don’t make it a point to keep secrets from others… unless it serves a purpose.”

I nodded.

“...There’s something else I haven’t told you. I didn’t tell anyone until yesterday since Lance stayed overnight with me. They swore me to secrecy, but I have to tell you. I’m still so much in shock, and I’m emotional thinking about it. You and Lance are the first I’ve told about it.”

“I’m listening.”

“Two weeks ago, I received an unmarked letter in the mail. I came home late and exhausted and wasn’t coherent when I opened it. After I read the letter and re-read it multiple times, I was wide awake and didn’t sleep a wink.”

“What was it, Drew?”

“This’ll sound crazy, kiddo. The sheer shock of this letter kept me much more wired than any espresso I’ve ever had.”

I giggled. “What was in the letter, silly?”

“An invitation to a prestigious tournament. But the tournament’s nature is unlike anything I’ve ever taken part in or expect to be invited to.”

“Who sent you the letter?”

“An ancient society I’d never heard of until then. They call themselves the Golden Aura. They formed after China’s Han dynasty ended in 220 A.D. amid the tensions of their Three Kingdoms Period and dedicated themselves to sharing wisdom and impartiality in conflict to help foster peace and prosperity around the world.”

“Are you serious?”

He nodded. “I’ve done my research, and while organizations and publishers didn’t outright state their name in history books, they spoke of a group of people matching their description. They suffered persecution until the Sui dynasty began and became a larger and more low-profile society with members of newer countries shaped by China’s influence, like Korea and Japan. Afterward, they became a source of wisdom and truth for foreign and local dignitaries, monasteries, and universities all over Asia.”

“Wow,” was all I could say.

“For the last 1,400 years, they hid their presence except for accepting monetary donations or offering advice to royalty, leaders, organizations, you name it. Through a lot of work and research, I located their logo in a country’s digital database for declassified government documents… so I’ve confirmed everything they wrote about themselves is accurate.”

“That’s incredible,” I replied. “What a mind-blowing turn of events. But why reach out to you?”

“They’ve known who I am since my exoneration and have followed me ever since, keeping tabs on my accomplishments and service. The letter stated they will no longer exist in secrecy and take a more active role in global diplomacy, so they’re holding a special tournament and inviting warriors from around the world to find and induct their new Grand Master. Whoever they choose would create a new body of society members to lead the next generation of visionaries to uphold their values and work with global leaders to shape a more peaceful world.”

“They want you to enter?!”

“Yes!”

We embraced, tears flooding our eyes.

“This is unbelievable! Drew, this is your biggest break yet!”

Drew couldn’t speak from his emotions. A moment of serenity allowed us to rein it in.

“This is so difficult for me to accept, kiddo,” he said. “I called out of work, halted my schoolwork, and searched my school’s library for 24 hours for anything and everything about this organization. Thank goodness for coffee.”

I chuckled. “Knowing you, I believe it.”

He blushed, his smile continuing to warm me.

“Once I confirmed this society was legitimate and could wrap my head around the opportunity and what it required of me, I moved fast and submitted everything they wanted.”

“What did they require?”

“They wanted me to undergo a comprehensive physical and stress test, a psychological evaluation, a vision test, and an IQ test. I had my doctor and therapist handle them and submit all the paperwork certifying I’m healthy and competent.”

“Wow, how intense.”

“They also wanted me to write a letter to them detailing my background, my military service, and my contributions to my community and country, not to mention letters of recommendation from any mentors I have and any professors who know of my competence as a trainer. They probably assumed it was for employment purposes.”

“So what’s this society looking for?”

“They want participants who uphold tenets of health, altruism, influence in their home country, psychological competence, being loving and accomplished trainers, and having mastered at least one form of martial arts.”

“And what can we expect since you’ve submitted everything?

“Their deadline was May 1, so afterward, they’ll announce a few weeks later after making their decisions through a press conference through a special ceremony hosted by the United Nations.”

“Where’s the tournament taking place? And is there a prize for winning?”

“I don’t. They haven’t announced it yet, but there is a prize for winning.”

“Well, they’ve picked the perfect person to consider,” I replied, giving him a high-five. “I couldn’t see how they’d disqualify you from their roster.”

“Trust me, Jake, your support means the world to me. Nothing’s ever a guarantee, but if this follows through, I’m entering the largest tournament of my life… and if I prevail, I’m set. Nothing would stop me from achieving anything I want in life.”

“That’s incredible. I take back what I said earlier.”

“Which was?”

“You never cease to amaze me, and I’ll always find myself at a loss at how proud I am of you.”

He wiped his eyes, still smiling. “I wouldn’t be here without your support. I’m driven by plenty of people and subjects that’ll carry me through this opportunity, and I’ll fight with everything in me to arrive at this challenge.”

“No doubt at all… but what’s driving you? More secrets?”

He smirked at me. “Yes, even some truths must remain secret.”

“So you won’t tell me?”

“Without killing you? Nah.”

He reached over to give me a noogie, and I wriggled out of his grasp to return the favor. By the end, we were chuckling to ourselves, with me doing what I could to hide my throbbing erection.

“Well, I guess we’d better get ready,” Drew said.

“Yeah, I suppose. Do you want to shower first?”

“Nah, go ahead. I need to call Lance and confirm where we’re meeting, but I’ll come get ready once it’s settled.”

After he left, I discarded my towel and turned on the shower, submerging my body and giving myself a moment to recenter myself, hoping my erection would disappear before I got myself ready. Once I was clean, the door opened, with Drew behind me. As we switched places, I glimpsed the uncensored body I hadn’t seen in a long time. I thought I’d caught a slight smile on his face, and my body betrayed me and my erection swelled again. My face burned with embarrassment at my erection, now standing at full attention, slamming the door behind me.

I dried myself off fast and hid my arousal inside some constricting underwear and put on nicer jeans and a burgundy dress shirt. Drew was out of the shower and dried off, putting on dark blue jeans complementing his physique, as well as an army green polo shirt. I returned downstairs to wait in the living room, hoping to avoid more fodder for my arousal until we left.

“So where are we meeting him?” I asked once we were outside, preparing to leave on Dragonite.

“Lance has a favorite hole-in-the-wall place here in town,” Drew replied. “They make a mean Okonomiyaki, and, given how much he loves it, it seemed like a smart choice.”

I nodded. “Sounds delicious.”

“Plus, he’s dejected, so I try to find ways to brighten his day.”

“He is? Has he said what’s been bothering him?”

“He’s shared some details with me, but I’m not comfortable sharing it with others unless he feels free to do so.”

“Oh, yeah, of course. Confidentiality is important.”

He smiled. “Like with anything we discuss. Besides, Lance isn’t a secretive person, so he’s likely to tell you since you’re trustworthy.”

Yeah, you’d think. If that horndog jumped my bones multiple times as a young adult, I couldn’t see how he’d be uncomfortable confiding in me. But it was his choice, after all.

We flew through town, the sun bright and the air warm, with people bustling through town and cheerful pokémon everywhere I looked. After landing in the downtown hub, I followed Drew through several bustling streets, both of us waving to those we knew, both citizens and business owners.

A few moments later, we found a tiny place crammed between buildings with an adorable sign reading “Kūfuku No Bara”, housing a unique design of the kitchen being in the center of the space with table seating in a bar format all around the perimeter of the partial walls. Wonderful aromas wafted around us, appearing as if it opened with a line and was now at capacity. But, at one of the occupied tables, was a lonely yet gorgeous Lance in a red stringer tank and white athletic shorts.

If I wasn’t so reserved, the muscle he’d developed from tough discipline, his fair skin, and his rust-colored hair would’ve captivated me. His blue eyes held more gloominess than I’d ever seen in them before, but his trademark smile returned when he saw us, albeit not to its full, naughty capacity.

“Xiǎodì, you didn’t tell me you were bringing my other favorite Viridian resident,” he said before they exchanged bear hugs.

“Consider it part of your gift,” he said.

When they broke apart, Drew sat, allowing me to greet him with a hug and kiss.

“Happy birthday, handsome,” I said.

“Thank you,” he replied, “and it’s so wonderful to see you. Please, sit. I’m famished and ready to demolish a dozen pancakes.”

I sat at the table with them, a bottle of sake present and his cup used but empty.

“Already started without us?” Drew asked, smirking.

“I do what I want,” he said, chuckling. “Besides, this is only the first bottle. We’re bound to drink several.”

“Is there ever any doubt?” I asked.

“Never,” Lance said, smirking.

“Anything to get us drunk so we won’t flee at the idea of giving you free therapy,” Drew said, chuckling.

Lance chuckled. “No, no therapy today. I only want to eat, drink, and have quality time.”

I smiled. “Well, there’s no other place we’d rather be.”

The menu offered several varieties of Okonomiyaki, with us filling out slips of paper and handing them to the wait staff who bustled through the kitchen as line cooks cooked nothing but delectable pancakes with various filling combinations.

As we drank and reacquainted ourselves, we ate our way through many Hiroshima- and Osaka-style pancakes, losing count as our stomachs acted like the bottomless pits they’d become for three gym rats.

Once we’d eaten all we could (which took us a while to reach that point in the meal), Drew paid our check and we crept outside into the sunshine, walking the streets a bit before meeting the enormous farmer’s market supplying the town’s produce. Drew moseyed through it while Lance and I sat outside on a bench.

“It’s so good to spend time with you, Hǔ zǐ,” he said, holding my hand tight. “It was the best surprise I could’ve asked for.”

“Of course,” I replied, giving it a squeeze. “When Drew mentioned it, there was no way I was missing it.”

“So everything’s okay?”

I nodded. “Everything’s fine. What about you? Drew mentioned you’d been blue.”

He nodded, his frown and shining eyes returning. Despite our history, I sensed it, being in his presence.

“It kills me seeing your heart so heavy,” I said.

“It does?”

I nodded. “You’re a vivacious, loveable person who doesn’t deserve to be miserable. It feels wrong to see you hindered by something.”

He nodded. “That means a lot to hear. But I’m still human. Plus, life can sometimes be cruel, which you already know.”

I nodded. “Was it something back home?”

He shook his head. “Everything at home’s fine. I’d dreaded returning home because I had to confront my identity and how it aligned with my family’s interests. To my relief, we’ve worked through our differences and bonded, so I’m not at odds with them anymore.”

“That’s terrific! Hearing that makes me happy. But… what’s gotten you so blue?”

He didn’t respond right away, his eyes mistier than I’d ever seen them. “I’m sure you remember all the times I threw myself at you and talked about how determined I was to confess my feelings to my crush?”

I nodded.

“Well… I did not too long ago… and they rejected me.”

“Oh, Lance, I’m so sorry,” I said, my skin tingling and my stomach growing heavier, though I wasn’t certain if it was from lunch or Lance’s news.

Yes, Lance was a handful, but he was an enjoyable handful. Much more positive than negative. A definite catch for the right person.

“...It broke my heart… and I guess ever since I’ve been nursing my wounds and haven’t wanted to consider love again.”

I hugged and held him for a while, his lungs’ slow contractions as he took in and released long, drawn-out breaths a means to keep himself from breaking all over again.

“Did they take it well?” I asked.

He shook his head. “I was so certain something existed between us. But, when I can’t shake the thought, I wonder if I was delusional thinking they liked me.”

“You’re not delusional. I’m sure there were plenty of signs of mutual interest. Otherwise, why put yourself out there?”

“True. Well… I was wrong.”

I released him, seeing tears coating his cheeks. “How are you now, after having time to process since it first happened?”

“...Some days, I don’t know. I handle my business and focus on time with family or work in my community… but, to be honest, I’m still in love with them. Given what happened, I don’t know why…”

I didn’t know what to say. All I felt was the pain coursing through his heart. “Do you remember what you told me years ago, about telling you-know-who about my feelings?”

He nodded.

“Considering what you’ve been through… do you regret telling your crush the truth?”

He didn’t respond right away, reflecting and wiping his eyes and cheeks. “As excruciating as this experience has been, I don’t. If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t have known how they felt. I may not like the circumstances, but at least my vision is clear.”

I nodded, pondering what he said, trying not to lose myself as I spotted Drew, his beauty enrapturing me, albeit for a second.

“The advice I received as a boy has held true for the last 31 years, and it’s what I tell all aspiring trainers and those starting their fitness journeys - if you want it enough, chase it with everything you have. Sometimes, it works out, and you receive all you wanted and more… and sometimes it doesn’t… but it’s only in hindsight we understand why we don’t receive what we thought we wanted… and it’s the Universe’s chance to bless you with something much better for you. At least, it’s what I choose to believe now, despite my pain.”

I continued to hold his hand as we watched those around us. Drew returned, a bag under his arm.

“Where to next?” he asked, smiling.



Chapter Five



The Emotional Crossroads



The Golden Aura’s application deadline passed, and the few people who were aware had trouble sitting still, especially Drew.

We’d started the month off with Drew presenting and defending his thesis, which was a fascinating and informative experience for those in attendance. Saundra, Ken, Jackie, Bobby, Professor Oak, Brock, Misty, and I were present, among others. Silver and Lance sat far apart, further exacerbating my curiosity, but the lecture hall was full of other university professors and students. This was Drew’s moment to shine, and his aura illuminated the entire space as he spoke about pokémon and trainers, shared some of his experiences and personal stories, and offered demonstrations with his teammates. He was the most in his element we’d ever seen.

After he completed his presentation, he defended his thesis with the panel present composed of his advisor and professor, the department chair, and a professor from a neighboring department. With the questions brought to the floor by the panel and the assembled body there, Drew gave eloquent explanations, as if he wasn’t a thesis candidate and was an expert in the field. Once they completed their deliberations, the crowd roared with applause when the committee announced they gave him a full acceptance on his thesis.

Saundra’s and Ken’s faces held nothing but love and admiration. They already knew of Drew’s plans to quit his job, and the expected sentiment rang true - they wanted him to find happiness on his terms, not on anyone else’s. Of course, others in his assembled network were proud, with Silver, Lance, Brock, Jackie, and Bobby, much like myself, giving him a standing ovation. His peers and other professors hooted and hollered for him, and the surprise and happiness on his face imprinted itself in my mind. As much as I tried to deny it, I couldn’t - this moment confirmed I couldn’t run from my feelings. I’d tried my damnedest, but I’d failed - they’d endured, and all I was certain of was I was still madly and unequivocally in love with him.

~ ~ ~

With everything submitted and finalized, we celebrated Drew’s graduation the next weekend, hosting a rocking party at the gym. Happiness filled the space, and while Drew was high on life, nobody blamed him for not being 100 percent present.

“Don’t get me wrong,” he’d said. “This is one of the greatest moments of my life. This moment makes me so happy, but I’m still climbing the walls about the tournament. Any day, a letter in the mail could change my life forever.”

After graduation passed, he remained employed to earn what he was able until he knew what fate had planned for him. It wasn’t a tough decision, as he could endure until he discovered which direction the tournament took. Either way, he’d resign and follow his heart, regardless of what happened.

Three weeks passed, and hearing nothing, we wondered where everything stood. No announcements made. I didn’t blame Drew for being antsy. He was tolerating a job he didn’t enjoy with no other knowledge. Since he was my mentor, I couldn’t offer any advice other than sticking to his passions in the meantime.

But my routine got interrupted one night. I’d trained with Manectric more on mega evolution against Bobby and Jackie, both of them fighting strong while we continued to explore this new form of battling. After dinner, I retired to my suite to shower, a daily cleansing from life’s troubles. After I’d gotten myself clean, I remained submerged to enjoy the warmth and escape reality for another moment. But feeling large hands on my shoulders unnerved me.

“Jake!”

“Fuck!” I shouted, surprised after realizing Drew was in the shower with me, as naked as I was. “Drew, what the hell?!

“IT CAME!” he said, his eyes the widest I’d seen them.

“Drew, what the? Why are you here? What are you-”

“JAKE, THE LETTER CAME! I’M IN!”

“Wait, you were picked?!”

“YES! I’M IN THE TOURNAMENT!”

Without another thought, we embraced, jumping, water spraying and splashing around us, our bodies pressed together more than expected. The last detail didn’t matter - all I had in me was unadulterated joy.

“THIS IS INCREDIBLE!” I shouted at him.

We broke apart, both of us grinning like idiots. But the moment evaporated before we realized how awkward this was, especially on my end, our fleshes touching and my erection awakening.

“This is awkward,” he said, embarrassed. “I’ll come back.”

He vanished, allowing me to take a breath and shut off the water. I took my towel with haste and dried myself off, putting on shorts to make myself decent before he reappeared, also in shorts, along with Ninetales and Espeon. Soon, I was in his arms again, both of us in tears. I rubbed his back, trying without success to comfort my mentor who was overjoyed with this prospect.

“Drew, this is magnificent,” I told him. “You’re not only special to us and your community. You’re legendary… and it’s only a matter of time before the world knows it.”

“I don’t have the words to process,” he said when he calmed himself. “When my neighbor brought the letter over since they had to sign for it, I’d gotten out of the shower, so I read it and came here.”

“Your life is changing, Your Excellence,” I said, grinning, breaking from his embrace. “All your life you’ve put yourself below your community, and now it’s time for your community to elevate you for new success.”

He wiped his eyes. “I can’t believe it.”

“Believe it, Drew. You deserve this. It’s about time you received some recognition for what you’ve accomplished… not to mention the wonderful person you are.”

More tears came, but his smile didn’t change.

“There are plenty of wonderful individuals who deserve some credit for my getting here,” he said.

“Always so humble,” I said, chuckling.

He sat on my bed, giving head rubs to his companions and mine, yet looking dazed and in a trance.

“Do you need a minute?” I asked.

He didn’t respond right away but nodded.

I returned to my bathroom, running a comb through my hair and taking care of my skin, looking over at him on occasion. He seemed lost in his thoughts for a while, but once I’d brushed my teeth, he seemed to have come back to reality, with Ninetales and Espeon sitting on the floor with their heads in his lap. My companions occupied my bed, tails wagging and panting.

“So what’s next?” I asked.

“Now that they’ve sent letters out to their prospective warriors, they’ll be holding a broadcast in five days, removing the curtain from their society and announcing their tournament and its location. They’re alerting all global leaders. My entire world will explode when they make their announcements.”

I grinned. “I can’t wait. You better be here with us when they announce everything.”

“Of course. We’ll coordinate the location.”

“What else? Did they provide an itinerary?”

He shook his head. “They’ll reach out to me after the broadcast to discuss those details… but they told me seven guests may accompany me for support, so it’s likely we’ll have to travel to a new country, so we’ll have to make sure my whole group has up-to-date passports. And of course, kiddo, I can’t leave without you.”

Tears came to my eyes. “You’re serious?”

“After everything we’ve been through?” he asked. “Kiddo, I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. There’s no way I’m leaving you here on this new journey.”

Now I was in tears again, back in his arms, melting into them more than I liked and enjoying it before the embrace broke.

“I’m touched, Drew. There’s no higher honor than supporting you.”

“And I want to invite Misty, too. If you’re supporting me, I want to make sure you have someone who already means a lot to you there with you if we’re apart.”

“That’s a wonderful gesture,” I replied. “Who were you thinking of inviting?”

“Well, with you joining me, I’ll have to make sure Silver’s okay with manning the gym. Something tells me inviting him and Lance on a trip won’t end well.”

I chuckled. “Agreed, and I’ll make sure my siblings don’t mind looking after him,” I said with a wink.

Drew chuckled. “Great. I also wanted to invite my parents, Brock, and Lance. I’m not sure about the seventh person yet.”

“Well, it sounds like a solid group,” I said. “Have you told anyone else?”

He shook his head. “You’re the first person I’ve told. But I’m telling my parents and Lance right away.”

“Well, before you do, since you’re here, why don’t we tell everyone else?”

He smiled. “Sure thing.”

He hugged me one last time before we strode out of my suite.

~ ~ ~

Five days later, our entire gaggle of loved ones crammed itself into Saundra and Ken’s living room after a lovely dinner of roasted chicken and root vegetables. The United Nations broadcast played on the television, moments away from beginning. I sat on the couch, cuddling with Misty and Lance, with Bobby and Jackie on the floor with our companions. Drew and Brock sat in front of the television, eager and waiting, and Saundra and Ken sat on the loveseat in the corner, taking in the scene before them. Silver stood in the opposite corner, wanting to be present but keep a distance from the group, with Dustin next to him, a permanent smile on his face.

Our conversations were isolated and seldom as we watched and waited in suspense for the society to make their appearance. Soon, the session began, and the Secretary-General called business to order.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” they said in English, “the occasion of today’s announcement comes at a crucial time, when our world longs for peace, unity, and diplomacy. It’s my honor to introduce our guests and welcome them to New York City for their first television appearance in their nearly 2,000-year existence. Please give a round of applause to our brethren from around the globe, the Golden Aura.”

Applause came from the general assembly, and the 33 individuals who took the stage commanded our attention. Discussions ceased, and our eyes fixated on the elders, a few of us gasping as we pored over the majesty and reverence resting on them. They wore golden silk gowns with bronze flame emblems over their hearts, each of them a distinct nationality from the others. They wore white poppy crowns on their heads, with one man standing out with more vibrant blooms. This individual, of Chinese descent, came to the podium while the others stood around him in a crescent moon formation. He had a kind face, and his lustrous crown of lavender and white plumeria overshadowed his bald head.

“Thank you for your gracious welcome and your kind words,” the man said, a slight accent behind his English. “We’re honored to be in your presence. Marking the Golden Aura’s first public appearance, we’re here to announce what will be the most crucial tournament any of us have ever witnessed…”

A pause from him only drew us in further.

“I’m certain everyone around the world is in awe like we are. We have existed in secrecy since our society formed, but today we are announcing our existence for a specific purpose… for global peace and unity among nations to bring about a more harmonious future.”

The gathered assembly applauded, but the man spoke like there’d only been silence.

“The Golden Aura has existed since the early origin of modern-day China, born out of war and united in quelling strife between feuding kingdoms and fostering alliances through shared wisdom. As more kingdoms and cultures emerged, so did the influence of war and power. In the same manner, our influence grew, spreading like ivy throughout Asia and the world, offering wisdom to anyone who would listen. For two millennia, we’ve operated under a veil of secrecy so as not to draw unnecessary attention from our respective leaders, hoping to instill our collective wisdom into our leaders rather than risk suspicion of treason or overthrowing their governments. This means of existence sufficed for our ancestors. But the events of the past century confirm we can no longer remain anonymous, as the world would benefit from a direct, visible message of peace and unity.”

I was so in awe, goosebumps covering my skin and the hair on my arms standing on end. We were witnessing history, and I hung off each word, thankful for witnessing an occasion that would change our lives forever.

“This also means our society has a grander chance of survival, as we couldn’t grow beyond small numbers as an anonymous society. So, to begin a new chapter in our society’s history, we’re hosting a tournament to bridge the gap between our country’s cultural roots and the world around us today. 192 determined warriors will converge into a battle of will, spirit, and bonds between trainer and pokémon, and only those who can endure our challenges will have the claim to the prize we offer. When the tournament concludes, the anointed one who exhibits all we seek will be visible to us, and we will step into roles as esteemed elders and welcome a chosen warrior as the new Grand Master of the Golden Aura. Not only will they build out a new network of Lords and Ladies from all participating countries to uphold our tenets, they will receive an honorary title of their own and also a cash prize of which they can use to advance the agenda of their choosing.”

Many of us gathered couldn’t believe it, with some of us cheering and hugging Drew, who was already in tears.

“The person we seek will embody tenets of health, fitness, mental fortitude, mastery over pokémon, and a desire to serve not only the Golden Aura and their home country but global citizens and upholding the goodness of humanity while condemning injustice around the world. The person we seek will work with global leaders in fostering unity and peace so our global society will thrive in harmony. This person will embody our values from deep within their soul and be an example to the world. They will be the one to bring our ancestors’ original vision into today’s political war zone and help it flourish once again.”

Silence filled the space again as we waited for more information.

“The tournament will begin on July 8, 2018, in Flagstaff, Arizona, and conclude in Phoenix. We hope hosting our tournament in the United States inspires and shows the entire world that peace and unity are possible, regardless of what our political systems look like. To close, we’ve provided a presentation to the United Nations to announce our selected warriors.”

The brethren exited the stage, and before we knew how it would transition from the UN council, a slide materialized onto the screen with accompanying music. Seeing our beloved Drew in front of us in his soldier’s uniform brought us to a moment of frenzied excitement.

JAPAN
ANDREW BROWN
28 YEARS OLD
MIXED DESCENT
5 FEET 9 INCHES TALL
222 LBS

GYM LEADER, VIRIDIAN CITY, KANAGAWA, JAPAN
CORPORAL, ORGANIZED CRIME BRIGADE, SELF-DEFENSE FORCE, JAPAN
INDIGO CHAMPION, Pokémon LEAGUE, JAPAN
SENIOR POLICE OFFICER, VIRIDIAN CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT
B.A. IN Pokémon BIOLOGY, CELADON UNIVERSITY, KANAGAWA, JAPAN, 2018

As our excitement boiled over and collapsed, we watched as it showed other warriors and their respective credentials. The presentation ran over 20 minutes to showcase every warrior, but one fact was obvious - Drew was the youngest, and each was the lone guest from each respective country.

We passed Drew around for hugs, in tears. I sat with Jackie and Bobby, still in shock over the new adventure we’d be on soon.

~ ~ ~

Nobody predicted Drew’s life would transform overnight after the United Nations broadcast. A media frenzy landed in town, forcing his hand into resigning from the police department. He spent his time fielding calls from friends and loved ones, colleagues, professors, and many reporters from all over Asia and the greater global community.

Because of the frenzy, Dustin jumped and organized a press conference, allowing all the journalists from around Japan to visit instead of pestering him. Drew’s profile rose, with Dustin acting as his agent to assist him with managing the change. Media coverage varied - most outlets from all over Asia had covered him as the biggest rising star for martial arts since Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee, high compliments not taken for granted. Others criticized Drew for the dumbest reasons, many of which were about his background or how white he looked to be representing Japan in a prestigious global tournament.

The area of the United States where Saundra’s relatives lived also profiled him, as their coverage stoked local media’s interest, leading to bigger name recognition around the country like a domino effect. He filmed commercials and interviews, asking about his heritage, his background, and what he hoped to gain from this incredible honor. As a result, to his relief, he’d earned enough money from his appearances, write-ups, and sponsorships to cover his rent and expenses for the summer.

While I didn’t see him as much, his time away didn’t affect his loved ones, as we made ourselves ready for the trip. With passports granted and shopping done, all we needed to do was wait for our trip.

Soon, as if the days had flown by quicker than we realized, the day before our trip arrived. I’d checked and made sure the Pokémon Center evaluated my pokémon to ensure they were in optimal health. My documents were in order, and I’d packed my bags for the weather and enough to last at least two weeks, granted if laundry services were available. My parents also wished us well and hoped we’d enjoy our trip, much to my surprise.

After making sure Jackie and Bobby knew what they needed to do during my absence (everything, with my only being a phone call away), I settled into my suite after dinner, mellow and antsy about the unfolding adventure.

I sat in my recliner, a glass of whiskey resting on my table, and classical music playing in the background. It wasn’t my usual choice, but I hoped it would ease my anxiety. Seems Drew knew what he was doing, as it helped.

Once I’d rifled through the books on my shelf, a previous gift caught my eye. My smile returned when I looked at the Winnie the Pooh collection he’d gifted to me when he’d returned from France. I hadn’t read them or had an inkling to do so, so I took a generous swig of my drink and began.

Drew had scribbled in the English translations of the story, and it was a mellow plot, focusing only on a teddy bear, his favorite human, and the friends they’d made in their village. As I read, I noticed Drew had written in more than the translations. A few of the scribbles touched my heart. The messages I encountered only fueled my desire to read more (and I needed more whiskey).

With a refilled glass, I continued to ponder over the messages.

This made me think of our adventures together and how I’ll never be able to forget them.

I once accepted I’d die in isolation, but your friendship brought me back to life.

I can’t imagine what I’d do if I didn’t have you, kiddo. My world is so much darker without you in it.

The last message brought tears. After I’d gotten to the end, the inscription was much longer. I couldn’t tell, but it seemed the book had gotten wet and re-dried with a rougher texture.

Kiddo, you won’t ever comprehend how much you mean to me. If our paths hadn’t crossed, life would’ve robbed both of us of the joys we cherish today. The gift you gave me by being yourself and seeing the good in me still brings me to tears, and I promise I’ll spend the rest of my life serving and protecting you, no matter where life takes us. You are my world, Jake, and I’d rather die as Team Rocket’s prisoner than spend a day in a world without you in it.

I set the book on the armrest and cried for a moment, overcome by all the feelings his words invoked. A knock on the door surprised me. It opened, with my siblings catching me wiping my eyes.

“Appa, what’s wrong?” Jackie asked.

“Nothing, Gongju,” I said.

They shut the door behind them, and soon they’d pulled me to my feet and engulfed me in the same hugs I gave to them. They fought against my attempts to keep myself composed, but in my inebriated state, I couldn’t keep my façade together. Once they released me, I sank back into my chair, with them sitting on the floor in front of me.

“Is this about your trip?” Bobby asked.

“Kind of,” I replied, attempting to clear my airways and wipe my cheeks again.

Jackie grabbed the book, still open to the same page I’d read before, glancing at it and smiling.

“I bet I know,” she said. “Appa, c’mon… you’ve run from this topic long enough.”

I nodded, accepting there was no practical means to escape anymore, at least not in an enclosed space and with the alcohol floating through my consciousness.

“Nuna, he’s more fragile,” Bobby said. “Is this necessary?”

“Yes, he’s leaving, and he needs to address this. I wouldn’t be doing my job as his sister if I didn’t.”

I looked at her, eye contact strong and unrelenting.

“Are you willing to discuss this now? I promise this won’t be excruciating.”

I nodded, though my emotions were still present, ready to surface at any moment.

“Appa, would you explain why you’re still running from your feelings? It’s been almost seven years. Why are you resistant to acknowledging your feelings about Drew?”

Tears were imminent, but I didn’t care. I didn’t hide my emotions around my siblings and encouraged them to be authentic with theirs, so I had no reason to hide them.

“...I don’t know if I could explain it…”

“We’ve got plenty of time,” she said. “And we didn’t come to pester or lecture you. We want to support you and for you to be happy.”

“I appreciate it, Gongju… more than you know…” I said, wiping my eyes.

It wouldn’t have surprised me if she’d filled Bobby in on the topic, as he didn’t add anything, but his smile was cautious and his eyes honest.

“You deserve to be happy, and it’s so obvious you love him and desire him more than anyone else in the world.”

I nodded. “...I haven’t longed or dreamt about being with anyone other than him.”

“So why are you being so stubborn?” Jackie asked.

“Because…” I said, my voice breaking, “I c-couldn’t bear with the p-possibility I could l-lose him. If I’m wrong, like with Lance, I’m afraid I’d die from the heartbreak. I can’t live in this world without him. It wouldn’t have any meaning any longer.”

“Appa…”

I couldn’t speak, my emotions dominating my throat, with them coming closer and sitting in front of me and holding my hand or sitting on the armrest and draping their arm around my shoulders.

“I’m afraid I’d lose him if I expressed my feelings. He’s said nothing to suggest he feels the same… and sometimes I still feel like I’m not good enough for him.”

“Appa, that’s the farthest thing from the truth,” Jackie said.

“Appa, you understand his past more than anyone,” Bobby said.

I nodded.

“And what if he’s as petrified or stubborn as you?” Jackie asked.

Her question left me dumbfounded.

“None of us know for certain,” Jackie continued, “and Lance gave some sage advice. You’re free to wallow in this forever and not tell him, but you’ll never know where you stand. Yes, you can’t bear the thought of losing his friendship, but could you bear the risk of keeping this secret, his moving on, and forever losing your chance if he reciprocates?”

Despite my tears being aggravated again, I couldn’t argue her argument had some merit.

“You’re not forced into doing anything, Appa,” she said, “but you’ve grown so much since you left home. Wiser, stronger, kinder, and without a doubt, Drew played a tremendous role in that. You already handle everything life hurls at you, so do yourself a favor and fight for what you want. Use this trip as your chance to pursue it. Confess everything. Convince him to consider it. Whatever it takes to prove to yourself you’re worthy of his love and you’re ready to receive it.”

I nodded, wiping my tears away.

“Besides, we want to see you high on life again. It’s been a while since we’ve seen it. And, truth be told, Bobby and I have already given him a nickname.”

“What is it?”

“Hyungbu,” she said.

I couldn’t help the laugh escaping my throat, which lightened the mood. “What?!”

Bobby joined in. “It’s fitting.”

“We like it, and even if you do nothing, we already see him as a brother of sorts, so yeah… he’s Hyungbu.”

It was such a touching and ironic name. While the idea terrified me, it no longer made sense to remain stagnant.

“So, Appa, will you consider it?” Jackie asked.

“I guess I don’t have much choice,” I said, sighing. “How long can someone be in love before they abandon their feelings?”

“We’re not sure,” Bobby said, “but you better not. You deserve it as much as us, and it’s much nicer to see you happy. I’m certain even Wally and Mahri would tell you the same.”

I hugged them tight. “Love you, you knuckleheads.”

“Love you more,” they said.



Chapter Six



The Awkward Tension



It was the night before the tournament. Everyone was asleep, and nothing seemed real. Drew and Brock slept in the living room, Saundra and Ken had a suite, and Misty and Sabrina, Drew’s last pick for our group who still left me perplexed, had their own suites. When assigning others’ sleeping arrangements, Lance leapt onto the idea of bunking with me, an idea which confounded and comforted me.

With Saundra’s help, we made shabu-shabu with cabbage, shungiku, nori, onions, carrots, mushrooms, and udon for our entire group. We’d hosted everyone since we departed for the airport at 4:15 for a 6 AM flight. Silver hadn’t bailed soon enough, bearing through forced interactions with a home full of people he didn’t care to see. Drew tried to dote on him, which exacerbated his discomfort, and the strained brotherly love made no sense to those familiar with the circumstances. I hated seeing Drew pained by the lack of love or camaraderie with his brother, but like a loving older brother, he bore with it and appreciated what he received.

Despite my nerves over our looming trip, the only thing disturbing me was Drew refusal to bunk with me. It was the last thing I’d expected him to choose. In the past, bunking together or sharing a bed was super common, and it was also characteristic of our past adventures, not to mention memories I’d cherish for a lifetime. He hadn’t hurt my feelings, but yet I couldn’t push it from my mind. His moving into his own apartment separated us, but I still felt his absence, even with us being in the same house. The lack of space with our companions sharing my bed might not have been attractive.

Still, having a cuddly Lance spooning with me was comforting, even with nothing between us. I leaned into it, wishing it was Drew, but content to have someone to hold me. If I hadn’t been cautious, I would’ve been prone to revisiting the familiar lust that used to plague me. But with his dashed romance still fresh in my mind, I ignored it and only focused on the friendship we’d cultivated.

I fell asleep, out cold, until my alarm blared at a rude 3:45. I remained still for a moment, letting my heart rate stabilize before rising. Even with my eyes glued shut, feeling around the bed revealed Lance wasn’t there.

Where the hell is he?

I sat, smiling when I heard my companions panting and felt their wagging tails thump on the bed, wanting snuggles.

“Sorry, boys,” I said, rubbing their heads fast. “We have a plane to catch. You better eat and do your business fast.”

They barked before I rose and threw on my shirt and shorts I’d set aside. I stepped into the hallway and knocked on our guests’ doors.

“Rise and shine!” I bellowed before I moseyed downstairs with my companions.

After visiting the habitat and feeding our collective pokémon, I called my team back and returned to the house, where our group assembled, chatting or making last-minute additions to their luggage.

“Go get your pokémon,” I said. “We’ll be heading out soon once we’re ready.”

As our group disbanded for various locations, I wrapped sleepy and blanket-clad Jackie and Bobby into my arms for the warmest bear hugs I could muster.

“I’ll miss you both so much,” I said.

“Appa, home’ll be so empty without you,” Bobby said.

“But, please, enjoy yourself,” Jackie said. “You deserve this. Live as much as possible. Try new foods or activities. Take some risks. Pursue what you want.”

The last bit sent a chill along my spine. Drew sat away from us and out of earshot.

“I’ll do my best,” I said. “And you two call or text me if you need anything. The time difference will prove challenging to navigate. The USA’s 16 hours behind us, but we’ll be able to communicate on occasion.”

“For sure, Appa,” Jackie said, “but don’t worry about home. Everything’s covered. And we’ll handle Silver like only we know how.”

I chuckled. “Promise me you’ll take it easy on him… I’d hate for him to get revenge when I’m not here to even the score.”

“We promise nothing,” Bobby said. “With you gone, it’s fair game.”

“Whatever, you two, I’ll be thinking of you every day, so I’ll update you on everything that happens.”

“You better,” Bobby said.

“Yes, please don’t give us any reason to turn on you,” Jackie added.

“Wow, so now I see your true colors.”

They both giggled.

“Have fun, Appa,” Jackie said. “We’ll miss you.”

“Ditto,” I said before I gave them one last bear hug. “I’ll let you know once we’re in Arizona. Sorry to have woken you.”

“Don’t be,” Bobby said, letting out a yawn. “We didn’t want to miss you.”

They gave hugs to Drew, Misty, Ken, and Saundra before they returned to their suites.

Once our group reassembled, pokémon in tow, we moved outside and saddled our pokémon. Lance and I rode on his dragonite, Saundra and Ken rode on Drew’s, Drew and Sabrina rode on Latios, and Brock and Misty rode on Drew’s garchomp. By 5 AM, we’d reached the airport, checked in, and passed through security before scouting any decent food before we boarded our plane.

I hadn’t flown first class, let alone as part of an honored group traveling for a prestigious tournament, so it was a brand-new experience for us. We had plenty of space to relax and chat. Also, because we took our seats first, it put Drew in the hilarious and unnerving position to be the subject of considerable attention, as most of the passengers boarding the flight recognized him and gave him their well wishes. By the time everyone had boarded, Drew was an adorable red.

“Damn, Xiǎodì,” Lance said, “it’s rare for us to catch you in this shade of red.”

“Shush, Ā xiōng,” he barked, punching him in the arm and trying to hide the smile lurking behind his annoyance.

“It’s sweet,” Saundra said. “Our entire country supports you, Drew. You’re very much deserving.”

“Couldn’t agree more,” Misty said. “Don’t let the redheaded weasel get to you. If he misbehaves, we can skin him for a pelt.”

Most of our group chuckled.

“That’s a bit much,” Brock said.

The color subsided some, though still was prominent on Drew’s face as he chuckled. “It’s more of Lance than I care to see.”

“Aww, don’t hurt my feelings,” Lance said, faking a frown.

“Oh, like you’re innocent,” I retorted. “You always have something coming. Besides, I kinda like that color red.”

For whatever reason, our group and some of the nearby passengers joined in a curious round of oohs, which only made me and Drew blush. Embarrassment wasn’t part of my plans. I slumped into my seat, cuddling closer to Misty.

“You okay?” she asked.

I nodded.

“Well, the airline offers plenty of movie options,” she said, surfing through them on the television in front of us. “What do you want to watch?”

“Choose whatever you want,” I said. “I’m only hoping to snooze more, but anything Disney-related works.”

She smirked. “What a surprise.”

I chuckled.

“Agreed,” Lance said. “Jake’s about as predictable as the murkrow caws when the sun rises. Reminds me of another handsome man here.”

Drew’s embarrassment returned, fashioned like a mask on his face.

“Cut it out, you jerk,” I said. “There’s nothing wrong with either of us. Nobody could follow your level of mischief.”

“True, but at least I take risks and live for the moment. Something you two ought to consider.”

My embarrassment returned with a vengeance, and the look Drew and I shared was the most awkward I’d experienced with him. It felt like we were strangers rather than close friends. It was an excruciating, jarring experience, and I threw my blanket over me and rested my head on Misty’s shoulder.

“What was that about?” Misty asked.

The intercom buzzed with a message from the pilot, dashing our chances at conversation.

“Later,” I said.

Once we took off, our group had settled in, some chatting and some snoozing. I was nodding off, Shrek playing through our headphones. But her touch and voice caught my attention.

“Hey,” she whispered to me.

“Hey,” I said, not wanting to open my eyes.

“What happened earlier? Are you comfortable telling me?”

I sighed. “I suppose…”

“...Something seems weird with you two.”

“I don’t know why he’s acting this way.”

“Agreed… but I know you a lot better. Why were you weird?”

I swallowed and opened my eyes to meet her glance.

“Do you remember what I told you years ago, after our birthday party at the spa when I was in tears?”

She nodded.

I hoped the color in my cheeks wasn’t too rosy, but it was so uncomfortable voicing this, even to my best friend.

“Well, I said I’d get over him. But the truth is… I haven’t.”

She tried to keep her reaction low-key, though her gasp was still substantial enough with me next to her.

“...So you still like him…”

I shook my head. “No, that’s not it.”

“What do you mean?”

“Misty… I’m in love with him. I’ve tried to deny it and bury it for years… but I’m at the point when I don’t know if I can any longer.”

“Wow… this isn’t what I expected. Jake… I feel for you.”

She clasped my hand, which I gave a squeeze.

“Do you want to discuss it?”

I shook my head. “I’d rather forget it. This isn’t a comfortable topic, and the red devil across the aisle isn’t making this easier.”

Despite the mood being mellow, Lance’s voice was still prominent, and it annoyed me how cocky he sounded.

“Well, you don’t have to guess that I’m here for you… whenever you’d like to discuss it.”

I nodded. “You’re the best.”

“Only because you are.”

I cuddled closer as we settled into the movie, following the beginning of the storyline before I settled off into a nap.

~ ~ ~

After multiple attempts at naps, movies, and snacks, our group landed delirious but ecstatic at 10:30 AM (at what would be 6:30 PM and dinner time at home) in Los Angeles, a city reminiscent of Tokyo but with a unique culture. Having heard so many stories, visiting it now was surreal.

We didn’t visit any shops after passing through customs and visiting the restrooms. Our task now was to find the next terminal where our connecting flight to Phoenix would board. We dashed through the airport, still in good spirits and sharing some laughs as we found our gate and waited to board, refueling at some nearby shops.

Much to Drew’s relief, far fewer passengers recognized him (though a handful of people who recognized him from the American media had brief conversations with him). We settled in, not looking to nap, and enjoyed the views as we flew. The vast amount of desert with red soil fascinated me, and we weren’t at a high altitude long before we descended to our destination, the clock showing the local time 1 PM in Phoenix, but if we were home, we’d be unwinding from our days. I suppressed a yawn so as not to draw attention to myself.

“Wow, I can’t believe we’re here,” Misty said.

“Does this bring back memories?” Lance asked.

Drew smiled. “It sure does. Feels wonderful not to be here dismantling a criminal organization.”

“It must be a major relief,” Brock said.

“But you’re still able to show us around, right?” Lance asked.

Drew chuckled. “We’ll see. I’m kinda here for something important.”

“Yeah, Lance,” I added, “keep your priorities straight.”

“Joke’s on you,” he replied. “I’m anything but straight!”

I rolled my eyes. “Yes, and we all pay the price for your shenanigans.”

“Oh, you wish, Hǔ zǐ. My shenanigans are only beginning.”

“Oh, great,” Misty said. “Are we in for it or what?”

Saundra and Ken chuckled, and I groaned.

“Why the hell did you bring this joker, Drew?” I asked.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Brock said. “For entertainment.”

Our group chuckled, except for Sabrina, who seemed distracted by something and wasn’t listening.

“Whatever,” Lance said, a firm smirk resting on his face. “I see how it is. I’ll continue this alone.”

“Oh, no, you’re not,” Drew quipped. “Somebody has to keep tabs on you.”

“Are you sure about that?” Lance asked. “C’mon, Xiǎodì, you can’t keep me contained.”

“As the Indigo Champion, I disagree.”

“Oh, you’re blowing smoke.”

“We’ll see.”

After we landed, the restrooms and retrieving our luggage divided our attention. Once we located transportation and discovered how sweltering Arizona was at 108 degrees, a chauffeur in a navy blue polo shirt and khaki shorts greeted us, one among many who were waiting for tournament warriors and their loved ones.

“Are you Andrew Brown?” he asked Drew.

“I am.”

“As honored guests, the Golden Aura sent me to escort you to Flagstaff, where the first round of the tournament is to be held.”

“Great, thank you,” Drew replied

“Wow, Xiǎodì,” Lance said, distracted by a set of red and green Turismo Veloce motorcycles, advertised for a daily rental special. “These bring back some memories. Care to travel in style?”

A smirk crept onto his face. “It’s a devilish idea… but renting these bikes won’t be cheap.”

“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “You in?”

He nodded and turned to the chauffeur. “Is it a problem if we follow behind?”

“Not at all, Mr. Brown,” the chauffeur replied. “We’ll escort your group to the site. Here’s the address of where we’re headed.”

He handed a slip of paper to Drew.

“We'll be right behind you once we’re finished,” Drew said.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said. “Care to join in?”

I hadn’t ridden one.

“With one of you?”

Lance nodded, his smirk still strong. “Care to walk on the wild side for a change?”

Said by the devil he was, but I couldn’t deny this sounded fun.

“Sure,” I replied.

We said our goodbyes to our group before they boarded their shuttle, with our luggage in tow. I stayed behind as Lance charged the bike rental fees to his credit card, fanning myself as we waited. Drew stood nearby, an awkward energy still emanating from his spirit.

Once the rentals completed, Lance gave Drew a key, helmet, and protection gear, handing me my own.

“All right, let’s move,” he said. “Hǔ zǐ, who do you want to ride pillion with?”

Drew was getting his bearings, so with that and the awkwardness, I proceeded in an unanticipated direction.

“I’ll ride with you,” I said.

He grinned.

“All right, let’s move. We’ll be fine if you lean in the same direction I do.”

I followed Lance to the red bike and waited for him to start the engine and get his bearings, putting on my helmet and protective gear. After coordinating the address with Drew and getting some hushed, intense words, Lance motioned to me. I took the spot behind, wrapping my arms around his torso.

Within a moment, both Drew and Lance took off, leaving the parking lot and entering the adjacent road. The heat was still noticeable but less intense as we moved, the rush of the pocket of air around us providing some protection. We traveled for a while through town, the atmosphere being much drier than home. Previous reading resurfaced about how this portion of the country received much less rain than Japan. The scenery was unusual, and everything I saw fascinated me. From buildings, to cars, to people, and to the desert landscapes around us.

“Having fun yet?” Lance asked.

“Yes!” I exclaimed. “This is incredible! I can’t believe you and Drew were here only a few years ago.”

“Yeah, it’s surreal, and many of these sights will be familiar to us.”

They followed the road and traffic before we came to a fuller highway, the music from our bike blasting music from the last radio station used, emitting a genre of music I wasn’t familiar with, featuring a lot of guitars, banjos, and fiddles. From what I recalled, this was one of Drew’s new favorite genres popular in America. The rush of adrenaline as we traversed the highway was incredible. The area was flat compared to Japan’s topography. It amazed me there weren’t hills or mountains anywhere around us, but it was bound to change soon. The area where we were heading held a cooler climate and a rockier topography. I followed the radiant blue sky, no clouds in sight, as we traveled, with Drew whizzing around us as we traveled alongside him.

The earth was also drier, which made sense with the heat, so whereas we had lush greenery around us, these plants were bare or used to the lack of moisture. Bushes and occasional cacti dotted the landscapes, and all we saw was the surrounding road. Then the landscape changed. The inclines arrived, and the area wasn’t as flat as where we began. While it was slow, hills and mounds appeared on rockier terrain with more bushes and cacti.

Excitement built as the change took more drastic shape, a sign we were transitioning away from city and into country. Despite being super delirious, the longer we traveled, the more excited I became about reaching our destination. While the inclines and presence of hills weren’t like home, being in a drier climate fascinated me. Traveling was a treat I remembered I loved when it brought back memories of Hawaii. And the thought of riding with Lance was bittersweet - I enjoyed it, but it wasn’t Lance with whom I wished I was riding. Soon, we encountered the van our group was in and waved to them as we passed. As we rode further, the landscapes became greener.

We exited the highway and continued along a new road, exploring more, and Lance followed Drew’s lead and rode slower because of having less freedom to shred. The red earth reappeared, my eyes in awe of what we saw, with scattered sandile, maractus, cacnea, trapinch, dweeble, sandshrew, numel, cubone, and vullaby appearing on occasion. The towns we traveled through were adorable, and a coffee stop in Oak Creek helped reinvigorate me. When we returned to the road, the natural pillars and structures of Bell Rock, which resembled pictures I’d seen of the Grand Canyon, and the natural beauty of Sedona left me breathless. Growing up in Japan, where tropical storms and typhoons yielded lush plants, I didn’t know beauty like this existed. It was fitting that the Golden Aura hosted a grand tournament in a setting as gorgeous as this.

After leaving Sedona and entering Wilson Canyon and Bee Canyon, the lush amount of trees continued, bringing something I missed about home back to us and fusing it with the desert landscape around us. It also relieved me how much cooler the weather was compared to Phoenix, so our stay would be enjoyable. We climbed more into the hills, seeing the sun descending in the west, continuing onto Oak Creek Vista, knowing we were close to our destination. Aside from comments from Lance, the anticipation built inside me, especially seeing how cute the communities were. Exploring our destination would be such an adventure.

At last, we re-entered the highway for the final trek, completing our trip and exiting the highway. After moseying through town, we followed the road leading to a lush forest area before we traveled deeper, reaching what looked like a huge, peaceful village. A sign reading “Agate Village” welcomed us as we entered this secluded community, filled with plenty of pokémon and people, both older citizens and lots of younger visitors from every tribe around the world. Towering trees surrounded us, giving plenty of peace and shade from the surrounding community, the temperature being much cooler than when we were in Phoenix. Plenty of tree-style architecture, reminiscent of Fortree City, filled the community and local monuments and landmarks. We passed City Hall, the firehouse, the police station, and a plethora of businesses, soaking in the culture as we traveled.

All around this immense town, water features built long ago drew water from nearby Lake Mary and channeled it throughout, my eyes drawn to occasional waterfalls and fountains, not to mention the channels flowing beside the road. Everyone seemed cheerful, and the city appeared walkable, despite citizens also traveling on scooters or in carriages drawn by ponyta or rapidash. A humongous outdoor amphitheater being adorned with equipment for a tournament-worthy event was the last sight we saw.

After we passed the village’s Pokémon Center, we turned off the road in front of an enormous hotel, one of many hosting the monumental number of warriors and their guests. As we dismounted to stretch our legs, the rest of our group arrived, and I noticed Drew wasn’t with us.

“Where do you think he went?” I asked.

“He probably visited City Hall to check in,” Lance said. “He’ll find us.”

Despite being exhausted, excitement at being at The Green Adobe Hotel gave us a needed distraction so we could check in and drop off our luggage. Our group separated among the many associates assisting the present guests.

“Welcome to Arizona, Jake,” the young woman said, smiling. “I have your reservation ready for you and Mr. Brown. Looks like we have a standard suite reserved with a… wait a minute. It looks like this suite has a single king bed and not two queens.”

“Wait, a King?”

“Yes, I’m so sorry. We missed it when we made all our reservations for the tournament. Let’s see if we have a comparable suite available.”

I turned my head and saw Drew enter the lobby. It thrilled me to have him back, hoping this wouldn’t be an issue.

“Hey,” I said. “It looks like there was a mix-up, so our suite only has one bed.”

“We’re so sorry, Mr. Brown,” the woman said to him. “We’re happy to fix this for you.”

While he still seemed aloof, he didn’t reprimand them over the circumstances. “It’s okay, we’ll take the suite as is.”

“Are you sure?” I asked.

“It’s your choice,” she said. “We’re happy to accommodate you.”

It surprised me when a slight smile seemed to peek out of his façade. “You all are serving us to the best of your ability. We should be thanking you for your stellar and mindful service, especially for us visiting from another country, and the last thing we want is to trouble you. We’ll manage.”

“Please enjoy this offer booklet as our consolation for the inconvenience, which offers free meal coupons from many of our local restaurants in the village, as well as free movies for your suite,” she said, smiling and handing card keys to each of us along with a booklet. “It’s our promise that your stay here will be wonderful. Best of luck.”

We took our keys and followed some other guests to the elevators, where we waited.

“You’re positive this isn’t a problem?” I asked.

“Yeah,” he said, his same stoic self from today. “It’s the least of our worries.”

I nodded, and we boarded the elevator when it became available.

“How tired are you?” I asked.

“Very,” he replied. “You too?”

I nodded.

“Let’s drop off our luggage and find dinner. We can unpack afterward.”

After we dropped off our bags, we rejoined our group and explored our area of town on foot and enjoyed posole and homemade tortillas at a tiny Navajo restaurant. Once we’d eaten our fill and enjoyed our sightseeing as much as we could, our exhaustion withstanding, we returned to the hotel.

~ ~ ~

After dinner, Drew and I took turns showering, both of us clad only in our underwear as we unpacked, with Drew in his boxers and me in my briefs. As I organized my clothes in the dresser, I noticed among Drew’s clothes he’d brought books. Among them were subjects like Chinese history and ancestry, North American history and ancestry, and world languages.

“Did you bring enough books?” I asked.

He managed a chuckle. “I hope so. I didn’t think I’d have time to read… but you never know.”

“True,” I replied. “It suits how we unwind after long days.”

He nodded.

The awkwardness was still palpable. What the hell was causing it? No answers were in sight.

“Drew?”

His head turned in my direction.

“Is everything okay?”

“Of course,” he replied. “Why do you ask?”

“Well… something’s seemed off since we left. Is anything bothering you?”

A look of pure vulnerability pierced Drew’s eyes. He didn’t fidget or appear panicked or in shock, like a frightened deerling. But something was present, and its identity remained a mystery. It must’ve been major to bring a fighter as strong and valiant as Drew to an emotional halt.

When I expected him to speak, instead he turned and sat on his bed, a long, drawn-out sigh leaving his lungs like the steady stream of steam out of a pressure cooker. His head fell into his hands before he spoke.

“There is, and I’m sorry if my preoccupation distressed you, Jake. Guess I have more on my mind than I expected.”

I moved and sat next to him, taking his hand.

“Your Excellence, nobody would blame you for being nervous. This is the grandest tournament of strength in modern history. Whatever happens, it’s already destined for the history books. You’re famous in Asia and becoming so in North America. If you weren’t even a tad nervous, then we’d be concerned.”

He cracked a smile.

“Besides,” I continued, “you have your group to support you. We’re in a charming place to explore, and with any challenge you face, you won’t be alone.”

He looked me in the eye and smiled. “It means so much.”

“You mean the world to us. Can I do anything to help you?”

The look of awkwardness returned, but his smile diffused it. “No… but thank you. It’s something I have to conquer. But I’m still so thrilled you’re by my side through this.”

He caught me in a hug, and I hugged back as strong as I could against his own strength.

“And it won’t ever change.”

Once we finished, we laid down, with us on opposite sides of the bed, with Espeon and Ninetales cuddling with Drew, and Mightyena and Manectric with me (with Arcanine laying on the floor near the air conditioning unit). I dozed off, the sight of Drew reading leaving a smile on my face as I gave in to the rest my exhausted body craved.



Chapter Seven



The Harsh Welcome



I must’ve been dead asleep, for the next thing I knew, it was morning. With my eyes glued shut, I felt around and roused my companions, who panted and licked my face. I laughed, trying to contain their rambunctious energy, and by the time my eyes were open, I realized I was alone.

I searched the space, hoping Drew was on the balcony or in the bathroom. He didn’t leave a note, so he could’ve needed some fresh air before breakfast. I moved to our entertainment center, where Drew had left the tournament itinerary. Warriors were to meet at the amphitheater at 9 AM. Since it was after 7:30, I had no time to lose. Despite my jetlag-influenced hangover, I dressed and called my companions back before riding the elevator to the lobby to its on-suite restaurant. Lance, Brock, and Misty were already there, having just taken a table.

“Morning, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said, his arm wrapping around me after I joined them.

“Anything wrong?” Misty asked.

I shook my head. “Everything’s fine, but Drew’s disappeared.”

“He probably left to clear his head before the tournament begins,” Brock said.

“Makes sense,” Misty said. “I haven’t seen him act this way before. He’s the most timid he’s ever been.”

“Compared to our G-Men missions, him being timid about anything would surprise me,” Lance said. “But our ancestors couldn’t have imagined a tournament of this magnitude. What do I know?”

“Nothing,” I said, earning some snickers.

He gave me a noogie before hugging me tight. “You’re lucky you’re cute - otherwise, I might think of getting even.”

I suppressed a giggle before Saundra and Ken joined us, our server coming to take our order thereafter. Then, Drew and Sabrina arrived, with him looking serene and less awkward compared to the previous day. Sabrina looked, well, the same. Stoic with something off-putting below the surface.

“Hey, Xiǎodì,” Lance said, patting him on the back. “How ya feeling?”

“I’m okay,” he replied.

“We were wondering where you’d gone off to,” Brock said.

“I needed some time to reflect before our lives change forever,” he said, a smile resting on his lips. “Something pulled my spirit into a serene part of the forest, and I found Sabrina sitting at the community’s relic stone I’d met years ago, so we were there for a while to center ourselves.”

“Wonderful,” Saundra said.

“And you feel ready?” Ken asked.

Drew nodded. “The meditation helped… and my mentor gave me a pep talk.”

I tried to ignore my surprise. I appreciated her impact on Drew, but her demeanor unnerved me.

“An ancient proverb reads, ‘One who chases after two buneary will not catch one’,” she said in a perfect, familiar monotone that was anything but endearing.

I tried not to roll my eyes, as she sounded more like a loon than normal. I had no interest in interpreting what she meant, even if she meant well, as I only wanted to regain my appetite for my huevos rancheros.

“Interesting,” Saundra said.

“Well, we’re all here for you, Drew,” Brock said. “A toast to Drew and the start of a historic tournament.”

“Hear, hear!” our group said, clinking cups filled with water, orange juice, or coffee, smiles distributed among us.

Our conversations were lighter as we ate, and the coffee aided my hangover, but I caught Drew’s eyes on me a few times. I shook it off and enjoyed our company before we made our way outside.

We moseyed through town, enjoying the gorgeous forest landscape around us. Trees surrounded us as we passed parks and businesses and government buildings, the air the freshest I’d ever experienced, and we waved to other guests and villagers as they passed us on foot or in carriages. Our shared experience didn’t seem real, like it transported us to a different universe, but this reassured us this was an adventure nobody would forget.

The magnitude of what we were entering came full circle when we reached the amphitheater. The ever-growing crowd was enormous. We found seats near the front and sat, watching those around us as we waited for the ceremony to begin. Aside from the warriors and their guests, the space held a few dozen reporters, most likely either national or local, all poised to gather as much information as they could.

It wasn’t long before the sound of enormous drums being struck brought us to attention. Some of those gathered had instruments and played, with different instruments coming together to form a multicultural harmony. From flute, sitar, drums, and harp, the music wasn’t Chinese or Japanese, but it could’ve sounded Middle Eastern, Asian, or of the Navajo inhabitants who’d existed where we now sat. The hair on my arms stood on end as the solemn atmosphere filled my being.

Then, the Golden Aura entered the amphitheater, wearing robes of alternating gold and bronze, with some having bronze robes with golden sashes and others having gold robes with bronze sashes. As they entered the stage, they formed two groups of 16, with the first row on each section sitting in lotus positions and those behind them sitting on small stools, where the crowd could see their faces. The elders were from Asia, Europe, this continent, and from Africa, the group’s diversity a sight to behold.

The last person who entered was the leader, the same Chinese man we’d seen on television many weeks ago. His bald head caught some of the sun’s light, giving him more of a saintly appearance. He was the only member who wore a crown of poppies on his head, his brown eyes warm and filled with anticipation. He was clean-shaven except for an immaculate white mustache and a tiny tuft of white hair on his chin.

Once he joined them on stage, the music ceased with a last beat of a drum, only exacerbating the moment’s solemn aura.

“Welcome, my children, to the exquisite Agate Village, one of the most exceptional places we could have chosen for the start of this crucial tournament,” he said, the same accent hiding behind his words. “Seeing how we’re getting further acquainted, I’d like to introduce myself. My name is Ping, and I’ve had the tremendous honor of leading our group of sage and emboldened warriors for the last 30 years. I grew up in the Republic of China amid war, both within my country and with Japan, belonging to a family dedicated to the Golden Aura’s tenets. Trauma, wartime strife, and being uprooted to the island of Taiwan were problematic for any growing child to endure. But martial arts and meditation offered me the lessons I needed not only to survive but to thrive.”

My skin had goosebumps as I listened. Even when I turned to look at Drew, his eyes didn’t leave him, his gaze captivated by his words.

“After training students for decades and meeting in secret, the Golden Aura elected me to be the Grand Marshall pro tempore, due to escalating violence all over the world and strained relations with mainland China. My primary task was determining the future of the Golden Aura in a post-modern world needing the lessons we’ve carried for the last two millennia. With growing older myself, it was imperative we found a new leader with plenty of youth and perspective to help guide us into the 21st century and beyond. With a decline in our membership, all meetings and planning have led to today.”

Misty and I held hands, the gesture extending to the rest of our team.

“After reviewing thousands of applications and the values and characteristics making a Grand Master, we selected 192 of you for this tournament. Our mission in bringing you here is to test you on your mastery of those values. While some might only consider strength as a qualifying attribute, we also look at the contents of one’s mind, one’s soul, and the quality of the disciplines they’ve mastered. The state of our world today means we must evaluate you in haste to begin the critical work that will determine where this beloved earth of ours is headed.”

Squeezes traveled through our chained hands.

“I assure you I can already sense many of you possess aptitudes and skill-sets benefitting our global brethren, but we will crown only one extraordinary warrior as our Grand Master. Even if you’re not selected as our Grand Master, it doesn’t mean you won’t still be chosen to serve. And our Grand Master isn’t the winner of this tournament.”

Shock and confusion diffused through the crowd at his words.

“The tests we provide are vital to our decision, and as a result, it may eliminate many of you from consideration. We’ll cover the structure of our tournament momentarily. Only two of you will remain in the final round. Once our last two warriors complete the final test, the victory will not choose you. Our brethren will choose who the Grand Master will be.”

The shock only seemed to expand. This wasn’t a tournament we would’ve ever witnessed or considered. The victor was not who was strongest. Rather, the tournament was a litmus test to detect a warrior’s true aura and their capabilities as the most powerful non-sovereign ruler the world has yet to meet. What a unique way to choose, but the stress, wonder, and shock were palpable. I wished I could’ve read Drew’s mind.

“We are all here in Agate Village for the first round of our tournament. We will test everyone on three components. Once we’ve gathered and analyzed the data, we will begin round two, which will be for the top 96 of you. Our tournament begins with a test of stamina and resourcefulness. We will separate you into three groups of 64. Over the next five days, we will evaluate you, with one group beginning a forest challenge, where you must traverse the wilderness with nothing but the clothes on your back. You will be without tools or pokémon, so you must use any resources around you to your advantage to endure this challenge, including your own sustenance, shelter, and endurance. We encourage alliances, but they are not required.”

I swallowed hard on behalf of the warriors. This was quite a challenge. While it relieved me I didn’t have to face it, I worried for Drew’s sake. He was tough, but could he, the youngest warrior, claim victory over the world’s most skilled men?

“Each consecutive day, another team will enter. During the time groups are waiting to enter the forest, they will also meet with a seer to examine their aura and the contents of their heart. They will also have their pokémon examined by one of our volunteer experts and undergo a written and applied care exam about raising and treating pokémon. Returning groups receive those same tests after some much needed self-care. Once we aggregate the data and make the announcement of our top 96, we will migrate to our next location, the magnificent Phenac City in Old Town Scottsdale. To our guests, we request that you be on your best behavior and hope you enjoy your stay here with us. Please enjoy what the village offers, and I’m pleased to report City Hall, the village’s Pokémon Center, and our participating hotels have offered their banquet and conference halls for guests and residents the opportunity to watch news coverage of the tournament.”

The screens above us illuminated, all three showing diverse sets of warriors in groups of 64, as Master Ping had mentioned. As I scanned, I saw Drew’s photo on the first screen of warriors.

“The screens show the groups of warriors in the order they’ll be entering our forest challenge. Warriors on the first screen may now leave the amphitheater and follow the mayor for further instructions.”

Our group stood and filed out of our section among many others who all walked toward where the mayor, a modest man in more formal clothing, led us through the village.

One striking development was how the other warriors acted around Drew. Many of the warriors from Asia snubbed him, which shocked me. Even other warriors were leery of him. It was the most bizarre vibe I expected to encounter here.

After leaving the village, we stopped in a clearing in front of the forest. Near the entrance were eight passenger vans waiting for us.

“All warriors will need to leave their belongings and pokémon with their group,” the mayor said once we’d reached our destination. “We’ll be leaving in five minutes, so do this fast. We’ll be escorting you to the starting point of the course, and once your three days pass, you’ll be re-entering this area, where we’ll be stationed.”

Drew returned to our group, bumping into someone. They must’ve been European (as his skin tone was like Drew’s), with darker hair and towered over Drew, not to mention being blessed with broad shoulders and plenty of muscle. He wore a white, blue, and red tank top, and he threw a piercing stare at Drew, his brow furrowed and his arms crossed, which offset Drew’s stoic expression.

“You might think you’re a hotshot here, but don’t expect anyone to form alliances with you,” he said to him before turning to members of his own group. “Nichego ne zhaleyte dlya etogo nedostoynogo prestupnika.”

They walked away, leaving Drew pondering his words and us all coming to his side.

“What a jerk,” Misty said.

“He’ll be a fun obstacle,” Brock said.

“Agreed,” Lance added. “What a punk. If I wasn’t about maintaining peace, I’d love to manhandle him.”

“I wonder what he said to his companions,” I said. “I doubt it was positive.”

“Oh, trust me,” Drew said, “it wasn’t.”

“Wait, you understood him?” Ken asked.

Drew nodded.

“I didn’t know you understood Russian,” Saundra said.

“Drew’s always reading,” I said. “Plus, he’s gained a knack for languages.”

“I didn’t acquire much Russian from my youth,” Saundra said, “so I couldn’t understand him.”

“So what did he say?” Lance asked.

“According to him, I’m nothing but a criminal who’s unworthy of being here,” Drew said.

Those words enraged many of us.

“Don’t pay any mind to him,” I said. “What does he know?”

“We have your back,” Brock said. “Just focus on getting through this challenge.”

Drew nodded before emptying his pockets and handing his wallet and pokégear to his parents. He then took seven of his pokéballs from his belt and handed them to Brock.

“You’ll look after them for me?” he asked.

“Of course,” Brock said, smiling.

He took the other two pokéballs on his belt and handed them to me, along with his hoodie.

“Kiddo, please look after Espeon and Ninetales for me.”

“I’m honored,” I replied.

I took my carnelian bracelet off my wrist and took his left hand, sliding it on.

“In case you need the support,” I said.

He managed a meager smile before he hugged each of us.

“We’re rooting for you,” I said.

“Stay strong,” Misty said.

He gave us a thumbs up before he moved toward the vans.

“You think he’ll be okay?” I asked.

“Are you kidding?” Lance asked, his arm wrapping around me. “He’s faced more threats from the G-Men. The criminals he’s defeated make that brutish Russian jerk look like a jumpluff. The other warriors better watch out. They have no idea what he’s capable of.”

I took one last look at him as he walked away from us, marveling at all the strength and kindness he embodied, hoping in my heart he’d be okay before we returned to the village.

~ ~ ~

After we returned to the village, a part of me was missing. At lunch, at a Mexican restaurant with the best food Saundra and I’d had in a long time, the group reaffirmed during our discussions they didn’t have any qualms about Drew’s ability to conquer the challenge.

However, the television showed something disturbing, tossing out those affirmations, at least for me. The newest development being covered was an altercation between Drew and Aurelian, the Russian warrior from earlier. Warriors in the first group had formed alliances, leaving Drew as the underdog. This was Aurelian’s doing to undercut his success. For whatever reason, Aurelian had confronted Drew in front of other warriors, and during their discussion, out of anger, he’d struck Drew and knocked him to the ground. Drew didn’t retaliate, staying on the ground as the spectators and Aurelian left him where he was.

The image remained with me, my heart aching not only for the difficulty of the challenge but also for his absence. I’d had no interest in visiting the community’s shops or the local spa, so Saundra accompanied Misty so I could have some alone time.

I rested with the shades drawn, my companions and Drew’s sharing the bed with me as I let my tears fall, not wanting to contain them. Whatever I felt needed to come out. After a while, my tears stopped, and I laid still, alone and listening to the sounds from the soft breathing of our group of furry supporters and the air conditioner. A knock on the door brought me back to reality. Despite being in only my briefs, I opened the door after verifying through the peephole it was Lance.

“Hey,” I said, letting him in.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ,” he said, bringing me into his arms. “Are you okay? You’ve been on my mind since lunch.”

I nodded. “I’ve had zero motivation after seeing the news segment of Drew being struck by that meathead.”

“Agreed,” he replied. “The last sight I enjoy seeing is my younger brother being abused… but I have tremendous faith in his abilities.”

“I’m trying to focus on that, too, but I needed time to detach.”

“Would you like some company?” he asked.

I nodded, wanting it despite how I felt.

Lance removed his shirt and shorts, in identical underwear to me, before he waded through our companions until he could lie next to me, being my big spoon as he wrapped his arms around me. The faint whiff of his cologne threatened to intoxicate me, but it comforted me as we laid there, the sheet covering us as the air conditioner kicked on again, keeping our suite chilly.

“I’m thankful you came by,” I told him. “I would’ve been much more despondent… but your touch always makes me feel better.”

A faint chuckle escaped from him before he kissed me on the back of the neck. “If Drew wasn’t already your protector, I would take on the role.”

I snuggled closer into our embrace, letting myself enjoy the silence and the intimacy between us.

“I sympathize,” Lance said. “Your being in love also complicates it, doesn’t it?”

After a pause, uncertain if I wanted to broach this topic, I acquiesced. “Yes…”

“I’m sorry, Hǔ zǐ. I wish I could help… but it’s something you have to sort out. You’d tell me the same thing about me and my crush.”

“Are you two talking?”

He sighed. “Kind of…”

I turned over to face him.

“They friend-zoned me, then we started talking again, and then saw each other and fucked, then silence, and now we’re sort of talking. I wish it was simpler than it is.”

“I’m so sorry this isn’t easier for you,” I said, my hand caressing his chest. “I don’t think I’ve ever asked. Are they a man or a woman?”

“A man,” he replied.

“Do you have any idea why he’s acting this way?”

“I would bet it’s because he’s not out to himself. Because of his background, there’s a lot of internalized homophobia instilled in him. He’s attracted to women also, but he’s so hellbent on fighting against wanting to be with me because he believes he’s straight.”

“Wow…” I replied. “I didn’t realize it ran so deep.”

He nodded, shame taking over his face. “Friends have told me to forget him, and trust me, I wish it was that easy. I deserve someone who lives an authentic life and loves me for me… but I can’t get over how much I love him.”

“You do deserve that. But I hope you can sort through everything too. Like with me.”

His smile returned. “Hǔ zǐ, if neither of us were in love already, I’d claim you in a heartbeat and make you the happiest man on earth.”

I blushed before he held me close, both of us settling into some rest.

Lance drifted off to sleep, his soft breathing comforting to me as my mind continued to process. The exact reason for my melancholy was difficult to decipher. Of course, I believed Drew could find victory over this challenge. He’d overcome incredible odds to escape Team Rocket and dismantle his father’s organization. During our Hoenn adventure, he’d endured excruciating pain to save my life while a brain tumor was battling for his own, and we both survived our adventure. He’d also braved multiple storms and organizations as a G-Men member. So what was this tournament? Yet another challenge and demonstration of greatness for him to rise to. This thought gave me some comfort as I drifted off to sleep.

We woke from our nap a bit later, the sunlight less intense around the curtains’ borders. Lance must’ve woken first, as I saw him on his pokégear as I stirred.

“What time is it?” I asked.

“Nearly dinnertime,” he replied. “I’m gonna shower if you want to join me.”

“Sure.”

He moved to the bathroom, the sound of the shower following.

I uncovered myself and scooted toward the other side of the bed, noticing Lance had left his pokégear unlocked. It was on a thread of messages to someone in his phonebook nicknamed “Gingersnap”. The most recent messages were from the day we arrived in Agate Village.

Gingersnap: Glad you made it safe.

Gingersnap: As to your other message, I don’t know…

Lance: I don’t want to call it quits… you already know how I feel.

He hadn’t responded, and the last message he sent a few minutes prior read, I miss you.

I put the device back on the nightstand before joining him in the bathroom.

Later, after dinner and enjoying the bonfire outside the hotel, I returned to my suite, being greeted with too much solitude. After brushing my teeth, I slipped into bed, our assembled companions cuddled with me. While it was peaceful, the space was still desolate. I covered myself with the sheets, unsure of how to bear through this absence. I had no interest in watching television and hearing more about the challenge, and the books in our possession didn’t catch my interest. It’s not like I’d be able to make out the scribbles Drew had written on pages he’d read, as was his normal habit and confirmed how much of a genius he was.

As the time passed, a light whimpering noise came to my attention. I wasn’t positive I’d heard something until I heard it a second time, and my concern was then finding the source. However, seeing tears seeping out of Espeon’s eyes confirmed the mystery.

“Espeon,” I whispered.

Its ears perked up, but the whimpering continued, its fur surrounding its eyelids moistened with tears and bearing a darker shade of lavender.

“What’s wrong?” I asked.

Its eyes opened, its violet eyes clouded by tears.

“Is it Drew?”

It gave a subtle nod.

“Is he being mistreated?”

More grief breaking my heart overshadowed its nod.

Goodness, it had affected everyone, and Espeon saw more than we could. Not like it wished for this gift under the present circumstances. Even Ninetales seemed withdrawn, though it tried to comfort its best friend. Whatever was happening, its attempts weren’t bringing the comfort it needed.

I stood, retrieved Drew’s hoodie, and returned to bed.

“Come here, you two,” I said.

Ninetales followed and curled into a ball at one of my sides. With its friend with me, Espeon trudged over, its dainty paws caressing the sheet before it laid on my free side, burrowing under my arm.

I brought the hoodie to my nose and took a long whiff, Drew’s cologne filling my senses with comfort before I offered it to Espeon. It laid its head on it, tears continuing to fall.

I kissed it on the head. “This is challenging for me, too. I’m so sorry, Espeon.”

I wrapped my arms around it and held it as its whimpering diminished, Drew’s scent working on it, too. Soon, we were asleep.

~ ~ ~

The next morning, my anxiety remained. On a whim, I put on a pair of shorts and rode the elevator to the hotel’s fitness center, a wide, open space with a variety of equipment. No grander way to relieve stress than working out my body to exhaustion, and it was pleasant not having many other guests present. I performed a mix of cardio, weight training, and yoga. By the time I finished, I felt accomplished.

As I left the gym, another space caught my eye. I stepped forward and peered through the windows of a deserted area resembling a yoga studio. I stepped inside, noticing inflatable therapy balls, weights, and sets of rolled yoga mats flush against the walls with plenty of open floor space. My shoes squeaked a bit as I moved around. This was the prime location for a private dance floor, especially with the far wall housing a stereo. I turned it on, with the audio buzzing for a second before I adjusted the dial. One of the nearby radio stations came on, playing top 40 pop tunes.

“Thank you for listening to our special Comeback Single Sunday,” the DJ said, “bringing you the best comeback singles that either made a splash on the charts or pop culture. Now, let’s continue with the Backstreet Boys’ comeback single climbing the charts, ‘Don’t Go Breaking My Heart’.”

I raised the volume and moved to the center of the space, kicking off my shoes. The accompaniment and melody were catchy, so I allowed my body to move to the rhythm, combining ballet with other disciplines I’d learned. I didn’t care about how my body moved - I wanted to lose myself in it. The song was so poignant, and the words resonated within me. I put my body into the movements, the fear, longing, and my matured and overflowing love for Drew coursing through my limbs. The chorus closed out the song. But I continued to move and progress through the routines I’d practiced and taught as the radio continued with Taylor Swift’s “Look What You Made Me Do” and Mariah Carey’s “We Belong Together.”

When I stopped to catch my break and opened my eyes, it surprised me to see a young guy close to my age looking through the window. He waved to me, and I offered a sheepish wave back, realizing what I’d done and how much they’d seen. I rushed to the stereo and powered it off, wondering if I was somewhere I shouldn’t have been.

He entered the space, offering me a clearer view of his identity. He was an attractive brunette with blue eyes and muscles showing through his tank top and shorts. His smile was warm, but the awkwardness didn’t make it comforting.

“That was quite the performance,” he said, his voice calm and warm.

I hoped I wasn’t blushing. I didn’t desire to chat, and there was no effortless escape route.

“Thank you…” I replied.

“It’s been a while since a dancer’s movement has enraptured my soul. What have you studied? I saw ballet, but there were also other styles present.”

Boy, was he laying it on thick.

“Yes, ballet was the newest style I’ve learned, but I’ve also studied traditional dance and more contemporary styles, from Eurodance, J-Pop, K-Pop, and American music. Hip hop and pop are my favorites.”

“Fascinating,” he said. “I haven’t seen you around here before. Are you here for the tournament?”

“Yes… I’m a guest of a warrior.”

“Wonderful, what country are you both from?”

“Japan.”

“Oh, so you’re with Drew Brown. Wonderful - we have our eye on him.”

“I take it you’re a fan?”

“Oh, more than that, I’m here for work,” he said, offering his hand. “I’m Jeff.”

“Jake,” I said, shaking his hand. “Nice to meet you.”

“Likewise,” he said. “And I don’t mean this to be awkward, but you’re so adorable.”

I didn’t know how to respond. His words flattered me. I’m certain I was blushing, but entertaining this conversation left me anxious. Somehow, despite it, his presence aroused me.

“You- you said you were here on business?”

“Yes, I’m a publicist, and the Golden Aura hired my firm to represent some of their warriors and help them through the competition.”

“How cool,” I said. “So what would you be doing?”

“Scouting talent, though it’s outside the dance floor. If this was a dance floor, I’m looking at the only talent worth watching.”

Again with the flirt. My mind faltered on a response aside from letting out a light laugh, hoping my blushing wasn’t obvious like I thought it was.

“Once the tournament progresses, and there are some strong contenders projected to enter the finals, I’ll be helping them organize press interviews and showcase performances to wow the crowds.”

“Wow, it sounds like a meaningful job.”

“It is, and I enjoy the work, especially networking with gifted people. So consider yourself my top dancer, should I need a choreographer.”

“I’m flattered… not to say there aren’t other gifted dancers out there.”

“True, but I don’t care to chase after them.”

I couldn’t contain my blushing anymore. It was rare to find someone who flirted like this. Lance wasn’t a flirt - he was a pervert, and I didn’t sense any ill intent from Jeff.

“Well, I won’t keep you from anything, but it was so lovely meeting you, Jake. I hope I’m not too bold in saying I hope I get to see more of you from this tournament… and somehow I think I will. Something tells me Drew will be a strong contender.”

“I wouldn’t argue it,” I said, looking for a segue to hide my awkward handling of his flirtatious words. “My best friend won’t surrender from a challenge.”

“I hope not,” he said before he took my hand and kissed it before smiling, bowing his head a bit, and exited the area.

I took a deep breath and moved to the window, making sure he left before sitting on my ankles, making sense of myself and my senses and not hyperventilating over this fresh development.

For goodness’ sake, what just happened?

Mid thought, my pokégear rang.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ,” came Lance’s voice. “I’m with the group at the restaurant. Where are you?”

~ ~ ~

The challenge didn’t excite me too much as the days passed. The news media kept tabs on all the warriors, giving information about their backgrounds and whatever alliances they’d established. Any reports on Drew only seemed to revolve around the drama he’d experienced. Since they didn’t catch Drew on the cameras, nothing positive could diffuse the conversation. Besides, hearing nothing but Aurelian being considered an early standout for the finals aggravated my gag reflex.

Because nothing would change, I chose not to overthink anything, with meeting Jeff throwing me off and making me more apprehensive than I needed to be. The day before Drew’s group returned, our group spent some time at Lake Mary to relax. We’d already explored most of the village, and it was pleasant to chill on the water and spend time in nature. Everyone had a wonderful time. Ken and Saundra laid on the sand with most of our non-water pokémon companions while the rest of us were floating on inflatable rafts, with Misty in a white bikini, Brock in blue trunks, and Lance and I in purple and red speedos. Sabrina had wandered off somewhere, so I couldn’t keep hold of any curiosity about where she’d disappeared.

After swimming and playtime that thrilled Milotic and Gyarados, Misty and I laid on a raft wide enough for two, hands clasped, away from everyone else and enjoying the stillness. I’d filled her in on Jeff and had discussed more than I’d wanted about the encounter and was overjoyed we weren’t any longer.

“How are you?” she asked.

“I’m okay,” I replied, able to provide a genuine smile.

“Are you sure?” she asked. “The last few days haven’t been easy on us, you especially.”

I nodded. “It hasn’t been, for sure. Right now, I’m truly okay. Not to say everything’s perfect. But I can’t worry nonstop about Drew because I have to believe he’ll be fine.”

“Of course… and those early news reports weren’t easy to hear, so I don’t blame you for how you reacted.”

“Right. It seems now all they do is chat about how incredible Aurelian is… and it makes me want to puke any time someone says his name.”

“We can agree on that,” she said, an off-putting grimace on her face. “So what upset you the other day? I sympathize - Drew is one of the loveliest people on this planet, and my blood boils to think someone can discount and belittle him like that. But what affected you?”

“I guess I… I don’t know. What I saw… struck a nerve.”

She held my hand tighter.

“I’ll never forget it, Misty. The first time I ever laid eyes on Drew.”

I had to stop, remembering him in his crisp uniform and, while gaunt, as attractive as today.

”Below the cold, stiff exterior, I sensed something deeper within him. My intuition told me he was someone extraordinary. After his exoneration, I thought he’d only be my mentor. But I received so much more from his friendship.”

She nodded.

I tried to keep my voice from shaking. “As we traveled together, he was no longer my mentor - he was one of the greatest friends I could’ve ever asked for… and w-when the world became darker and colder, he was by my side.”

Misty brought her arm around me as I wiped my eyes.

“When I reached puberty in the closet, I was convinced I was weak and needed to beef myself up… and my loved ones have shown me my heart makes me strong, not my body. For so long, Misty, I’ve been the one who needed protection… and Drew kept his promise of protecting me… and seeing the news clip made me realize I’m ready to return the favor and protect my hero.”

Misty had tears in her eyes. “I’m so proud to hear you say that. We’ve known you were strong and hoped you’d find your inner strength… and you have. You don’t need anyone to make you strong… because you already are. Drew’s remiss if he doesn’t see it, too. It could be your time to protect him.”

I hugged her and held her tight for a moment.

“I love you,” I said. “Life would’ve been so dull if we hadn’t met 10 years ago.”

“Right back at you,” she replied. “You’re the best friend a girl could ask for.”

Our embrace broke, and we laid out again, rocked by the gentle waves from the lake.

“I have to ask, though… is there something between you and Lance?”

I chuckled. “Yes… but it’s not romantic.”

She giggled. “I see so much chemistry between you two. If you weren’t in love with Drew, I could see you two together.”

“Trust me,” I replied. “We’re both aware of it. You’re not wrong, but we’re in love with other people. If we seem close, we are, but it won’t ever be more.”

She smiled. “So nothing has happened between you two since that past Thanksgiving weekend?”

I shook my head. “And I’m sure he’d kill me if he learned I told you.”

“Oh, please,” she replied. “I doubt he’s kept it a secret. I’m sure Drew knows about it.”

That was a sobering thought. “I hope not… but soon he’ll find out.”

Misty sensed the mood had changed, so her words were more gentle. “So… are you ready to discuss what we’d started on the plane?”

After a moment to ponder, I nodded.

“So… you love him?”

I nodded, tears filling my eyes again. “I can’t escape my feelings anymore.”

“It’s tough holding them inside yourself. If you continue to bury them, they’ll discover a compromised spot out in the open.”

I wiped my eyes. “But this isn’t a straightforward decision. You already know there’s a chance he won’t reciprocate.”

She nodded. “And we can’t gauge where he’s at. He’s no novice to dating, but we know nothing about his ex.”

“Plus, if I wasn’t concerned, who’d tell him during a tournament as elite as this? I couldn’t live with myself if I allowed this to distract him and ruin his chances of being selected.”

She nodded again. “It’s a terrible burden to carry.”

“You’re telling me. So you don’t think I’m crazy?”

“Of course not, hon. Your feelings are legitimate, and the circumstances are challenging. There’s always a chance of your heart being broken if he doesn’t reciprocate. But I still support you, especially if deep in your heart you believe you need to tell him.”

I sighed. “I wish it was that easy. My heart and mind are at war. Who knows what the best choice is?”

Misty squeezed my hand again. “Whatever happens, promise me one thing.”

“What?”

“Follow your heart.”

I swallowed.

Easier said than done.



Chapter Eight



The Unavoidable Roast



~Jake’s POV~

“I miss you both so much,” I said, letting out a yawn after my pokégear rang from an incoming call from Jackie and Bobby.

“We miss you too,” Bobby said, letting out a chuckle. “We blanked that it’s 6 AM where you are. Guess we’re still getting used to the time difference.”

“Don’t worry, Wangja. I needed to start my day, anyway.”

“So how’s Drew?” Jackie asked. “We’re getting limited updates from the media here.”

“I’m not sure,” I said, relaying to them the design of the tournament’s first round. “Drew has encountered adversity since it began, so he might as well still be a criminal and all the good he’s done for our community and country erased.”

“That’s terrible,” Bobby said.

“But Drew can manage,” Jackie said. “He’s stronger than that.”

“He is,” I replied. “So today his group returns, so we’ll be meeting him at the entrance to the village before breakfast. And we’ll see how he fares with the other challenges.”

“Appa, regardless of how he does on the survival test,” Jackie began, “you know how brilliant his mind is. The remaining tests will be a cinch for him. There’s no doubt in our minds regarding his progression to the second round.”

“Without getting too far ahead of ourselves, I believe that, too. Makes me wonder more about how the competition’s gonna treat him. Most of the Asian warriors have shat on him because of his fame.”

“Let them,” Bobby replied. “It’s a poor reflection of how our part of the world still needs unity. As the tournament progresses, they’ll realize they need to stand behind him… especially if this Aurelian jerk is as promising as the American media believes he is.”

“The lone promise is every exposure to him will be nauseating.”

They giggled on their end of the line.

“It makes no sense why they’re offering him favorable coverage,” Jackie added. “American relations with Russia are strained. While they’re not exactly stronger with our country, most of Asia is on positive terms with them. It all makes for a more confusing situation.”

“Agreed. How’s everything at home?”

“Good,” Bobby replied.

“Gym is fine,” Jackie said. “All our pokémon are well, and Silver’s been minding his own business.”

“Great,” I said. “And no issues with him?”

“Not so far,” Jackie added. “We’ve been trying to engage with him more if he leaves his suite, and so far it hasn’t been negative.”

“Let’s hope it stays that way. I don’t want any reason to kick his pale ass back to Johto if that changes.”

They giggled again.

“You have nothing to worry about, Appa,” Bobby said.

“By the way, how’s everything with Drew?” Jackie asked. “Have you made a move?”

“Nope,” I replied. “We’ve had limited interaction since we arrived and he was acting weird… but something weirder happened. I have another suitor here.”

“Ohmygoodness,” Jackie exclaimed. “You do?!”

“Who is it?” Bobby asked.

“Some American guy named Jeff. He’s a publicist here for the tournament to help finalists with their media relations and image with the competition.”

“Is he cute?” Jackie asked.

“Gongju, you’d be in love at first sight.”

“Way to go, Appa!” Jackie said.

“But it doesn’t sound like you’re interested,” Bobby said. “How do you feel, Appa?”

“It’s not that I’m not interested. He’s attractive, and he was smitten with me the first second he laid eyes on me. It’s… complicated.”

“I can’t say we blame you,” Bobby said.

“Yeah, and considering the tension with Drew and Lance, I can’t imagine entertaining this new guy being easy.”

“Wait, what are you-”

“Relax, Appa,” Jackie said, cutting me off, “we know there’s tension with Lance, too. We don’t need details to see it.”

“And you’re not getting any,” I said. “You’re already too much of a sleuth. Lance and I both understand we won’t ever be a couple… but I wish I didn’t have someone else around to exacerbate this problem.”

“That’s a fair feeling,” Bobby said.

“Appa, follow your heart,” Jackie added.

“That’s what Misty told me.”

“Then listen to her,” Jackie said. “She’s older and wiser than you, so take her advice to heart.”

I chuckled. “All right, you two brats. I get the point. Love you both so, so much. I need to retrieve our champion.”

“Wish him well for us,” Bobby said.

“We love you, and give him our love as well,” Jackie said.

“Will do. Chat with you two later.”

I laid longer, cuddling our companions more before I left my bed. Everyone was perky, but Espeon seemed much more animated today. It cuddled with me each night, being extra affectionate than normal.

“Are you ready to have your master back?”

It squealed before it trotted around the bed, head bunting Ninetales, who also squealed in response.

“Me too. Let’s move.”

I threw on a shirt and shorts and grabbed our hoodies before I made my way to the elevators with our companions. Once we were back outside, the morning chill from the village surrounded me, prompting me to put on my hoodie before sauntering to the coffee shop nearby, where Misty was waiting.

“There you are,” she said, hugging me and handing me a drink. “I scored these, and everyone else is in line or waiting.”

“Great,” I replied, taking my cup and taking a sip, enjoying the first taste of my Cinnamon Dolce latte, awakening my senses with its warmth while Misty said good morning to our companions.

“Sleep okay?” she asked.

I nodded.

“I bet you’re delighted to have him back today.”

“100 percent,” I said. “Any day without his presence is dark.”

“Then you need to talk to him,” Misty said. “Don’t torture yourself.”

I didn’t know what to say; to my relief, the rest of our group came outside and gave a needed distraction with hugs to avoid the topic. Our conversations were sparse, our attention less on the present moment and more on our anticipation. Once we assembled, we trekked through the village, chatting in pockets and flanking the side of the road as carriages, pokémon, and cars passed us. Without my coffee, I would’ve been more chilled, but having Lance and Misty with me would’ve offered a warm embrace if needed. After 20 minutes of walking, we reached the edge of the village and arrived at the outskirts of the clearing.

A crowd had already formed, and the news media had its own camps scattered among the guests who waited for their loved ones to return. Not desiring to socialize outside our group, I ignored the other guests as we searched until we found an uninhabited place to wait.

“Yes, the anticipation has built over the past few days,” a nearby reporter said in front of a camera, “and today we receive our first group of warriors back to Agate Village. Who knows what they’ve had to endure, the stories they have to tell, and the alliances they’ve formed. And later this week, we’ll know the scores they’ve received in an ambitious first challenge for the world’s most prestigious tournament.”

I tried to ignore them, among the other reporters close to us as well.

“As of today, we’ve yet to form a definite picture of what the elders desire. Cameras within the forest have given the media glimpses into the tactics and activities of these warriors. However, elders made a shocking announcement today about more cameras than stated earlier are for their eyes only. It’s clear they’re observing the warriors under careful watch. A survival challenge, definitely, but there’s more to the tournament than expected.”

Misty nudged me, bringing me out of the zone-out moment I was in to ignore the reporter.

“You okay?”

“Yeah,” I replied, “I’m trying to focus on anything other than the self-righteous windbag over there.”

Somehow, it felt like I’d said the wrong thing with the Universe listening.

“Let’s see who’s waiting this morning,” the same reporter said, coming in our direction.

Fuck me with a chainsaw, this isn’t happening.

“Hello, I’m Roger Pantoja with the FOX 10 news from Phoenix,” the reporter said to me, his cameraman angling the camera so Misty and I were within the reporter’s frame. “Are you enjoying the tournament so far?”

Before Misty could speak, I spoke for both of us.

“We couldn’t be happier to be here, but what we’re not thrilled with is how the media coverage subjected our valued friend and warrior to nothing but negative media coverage since the tournament began.”

This threw the reporter off, which pleased my petty heart. Misty gave me a look, acting as though I’d mouthed off to our primary school instructor.

“What an unexpected yet unexplored perspective,” the reporter said, rebounding and taking away the miniscule pleasure it gave me. “I’m here for it. You say you haven’t enjoyed their coverage? Which warrior are you referring to?”

“Drew Brown of Japan,” I replied. “Since this forest challenge began, every media outlet around here has covered his altercation with Aurelian so much you’ve bludgeoned the poor ponyta to death.”

“To be fair,” the reporter said, “we work only with forest cam footage or information received from guests or tournament officials. Trust me, if we had other information, we’d be reporting on it.”

“That’s an easy excuse to justify the lazy job you and your colleagues are doing in covering this memorable event.”

More of my group gasped at what I said, and to my detriment, the surrounding space only attracted people as others caught wind of our conversation, people’s phones and devices out.

“I beg your pardon?” the reporter asked, stunned and no longer in control of the conversation.

“You stated you’re only reporting on Drew being subject to verbal and physical assault because it’s the only information you’ve acquired, right?”

“Well, yes, and-”

“And that should offer your company executives plenty to consider when they fire your producers and reconsider your competence as an on-the-field reporter who’s totally unprepared for an event already entering our history books.”

“Wait, that’s not-”

“I’m sure you’re familiar with the American saying, ‘It’s the quiet ones you have to watch for’? Here’s a zinger from my home country: ‘A silent man is the best one to listen to.’ So, as predicted, you’ll cover what gets your station stellar ratings, so someone like our Drew, who is a pillar of strength in his community and pure in heart, doesn’t stand a chance among a pool of warriors like Aurelian who want to step on any competitor who gets in their way and yet receives plenty of air time because they’re attractive and know how to smile in front of the camera.”

“You know him well,” he said, tossing out a segue to regain control.

“Damn straight. My best friend has stories that would blow your viewers’ minds. And he’s one of the smartest in this competition because he’s not pursuing the limelight. Just because he doesn’t fight back and isn’t on the cameras’ radar doesn’t mean he’s disposable. In fact, he’s more of a fixture in the tournament than you and your colleagues have realized.”

“Since this is so important for you, and our viewers would benefit, could you tell us more about your relationship with him or his accomplishments?”

“I could spend hours telling you stories and highlighting the good deeds he’s done for our community and the world… but it’s far above my pay grade to do your job or the jobs of your colleagues.”

I heard more gasps around me, but others around us applauded. The surrounding crowd only continued to grow.

“The Golden Aura announced its full list of warriors six weeks ago, and you say you and your colleagues have nothing to use? I bet you kids around the world already know more than your entire team does because they’ve done their own research on something called the Internet. The Golden Aura didn’t choose them from random pieces of paper in a bowl or tossing darts at a wall. They chose these warriors for a reason, and everyone brings desired qualities to the table, which then angers me when other Asian guests and warriors are so quick to write off my best friend in a tournament seeking to bring unity to the world, something everyone in Asia needs to do a better job of fostering among one another. So no, I won’t conduct an interview. It isn’t my job to educate you on something you should be able to do yourself. Good day, sir, and Roger that!”

Many around us cheered and applauded as I walked away, my group following behind me, leaving the reporter and their cameraman to ponder what I’d said.

Once we’d distanced ourselves from the crowd, Lance hugged me.

“You made me so proud,” he said. “But you should be careful. You turned me on, so if you’re sticking to this road of civil disobedience, I may have to rethink what we discussed the other night and make you mine.”

I chuckled and hugged him back as tight as he held me. “You wish, you horndog.”

He released me before the rest of our group passed me around for hugs.

“Thank you,” Saundra told me, tears in her eyes. “I didn’t know you had it in you… but everything you shared needed to be said.”

“I’d do it all over again if I had to,” I replied.

Then Misty hugged me.

“I wouldn’t have had the courage you showed,” she said, “but you’re already doing what you set out to do.”

“And what’s that?”

“Protecting Drew. You gave a rant about your best friend on live television, roasted the reporter, and you didn’t give a damn about any of it.”

The totality of what I’d done punched me in the gut, and Misty and I were in hysterics giggling to ourselves, the shock too much to bear.

“Fuck, I can’t believe I did that…”

“I love you so much. Let’s hope this turns the tide the media coverage has taken.”

I chuckled. “We’ll have to see.”

After I’d recovered from my realization, we waited with anticipation as the crowds cheered, every few moments a warrior entered the clearing, being rushed by their loved ones, reporters, and tournament officials toting blankets and hot tea.

A few warriors later, our nemesis, Aurelian, strolled into the clearing with a haughty swagger, acting as if this whole challenge was a stroll through the park. It didn’t take long before reporters hounded him for interviews.

His presence nauseated me, so I ignored him, able to stomach being far away from him to where I could focus on the task at hand.

Then, after a few more warriors reappeared, our Drew waltzed through, exhausted and sweaty, and his skin color ashen from the chill, but yet he smiled. Two things seemed peculiar - one, there was no bruise on his face from where he was struck, and two, he wore an unfamiliar, thin pair of shorts leaving nothing to the imagination and came close to showing off his jewels.

I put my hand to my head, which he returned after stopping in place. Then I smiled before I ran to him, being caught in a tight embrace. My senses awakened more from the warmth of his arms, his musk arousing me. I was in tears, overjoyed to have him back, and everything felt right with his arms clasped around my back and embracing me in the same protective manner I’d missed.

“Welcome back, soldier,” I whispered to him. “We’re so proud of you.”

It took me forever to release him before the rest of our group had the chance to hug him and exchange words. An official offered him a blanket and a cup of tea, which he took.

“Let’s get you warm, fed, and showered,” Saundra said, spoken like a true, concerned mother.

“I have a quicker idea for the warming part,” I said.

I brought over Arcanine and Ninetales, already delighted at his presence, and took the items from him.

“Rush Drew! Give him love!”

They both tackled him, giving him plenty of laughs as they brought him to the ground. The cuddles and rolling around in the grass together accomplished multiple objectives, but the most important one was exposure to two fluffy Fire-type pokémon translated to bringing someone back to optimal temperature. After a minute, Drew’s normal skin tone and his bright spirit returned, as confirmed by his grin.

“Thank you, kiddo,” he said. “I guess someone’s been reading my pokémon books.”

“Is that even a question?” I asked, raising my brow. “I’m a Gym Leader, after all.”

He ruffled my hair before Espeon, after showing patience, leapt into his arms for a loving embrace. I couldn’t look away at how beautiful their connection was.

“Thank you,” he whispered to it.

“Let’s return to town!” Lance said. “I’m starving.”

“Oh, can it, you redheaded weasel,” Misty said. “It’s not all about you.”

Drew chuckled. “I’m with the weasel, as I haven’t had a sensible meal in three days.”

Our group chuckled.

“C’mon,” I said, “let’s eat.”

“Drew!” a reporter called.

We turned around, and my annoyance returned, as it was the same reporter I’d chastised earlier jogging to him with their cameraman.

“Welcome back to the village,” Roger began. “Would you mind giving us a few words? A wise young person brought to our attention that we haven’t provided fair coverage of the tournament, as it covered only the antagonization other warriors have subjected you to. Would you like to respond to anyone who’s been quick to dismiss you?”

Drew looked at me, catching my annoyance, but kept the smile on his face as he turned back to face the reporter, still petting Espeon as he spoke. “You take away power from someone by not responding to them. Not everything in this world is worth my energy. In that same vein, I’m off to spend time with my loved ones. Thank you.”

~ ~ ~

After dinner, Drew and I retired to our suite, both of us worn out from overstimulation. I’d been talked out, and Drew had spent the entire day being pampered at the town’s three-star spa (because of a last-minute cancellation giving Drew a spot). The intense challenge he’d finished and having his muscles pulled and massaged out and his skin and mind refreshed left him exhausted. I hoped unwinding would allow us to relax while I mustered the courage to confess.

I hopped into the shower, rehearsing my spiel (and ripping apart every conversation not sounding right). As I shut the water off, there were frantic knocks on the bathroom door.

“Jake!” Drew said. “Come out here quick! You have to see this!”

I dried myself off in haste and wrapped my towel around my waist before I rejoined him, where I was front and center on the news report. The headline “Warrior’s Friend Roasts News Coverage‘’ was the first thing I saw, followed by the replay of my choice words with Roger with Misty looking at me, her expressions shocked and horrified before morphing into proud and defiant.

“Kiddo, what happened this morning?” he said, an incredulous smile on his face as he looked at me.

I blushed. “Drew, before you react, let me explain…”

“I’m not mad,” he told me, his smile putting me at ease. “I flipped through all the news channels, and they’re covering your interview.”

Before I could answer, there were more frantic knocks on our door.

“I should change,” I said before I dashed into the bathroom.

“Xiǎodì, are you seeing this?!” Lance’s voice came into the suite.

“Yes, we’re watching,” he said. “Come on in, fellas.”

“None of us expected it,” Brock said. “Has Jake seen this?”

“Yes,” Drew replied, “we just discovered it.”

I hopped into my shorts and re-entered the room.

“There’s our viral star,” Lance said.

“What’s happening?” I asked.

“Dude, the news is exploding from your roast this morning,” Brock said.

“Will someone please offer some context before I’m forced to pulverize you?” Drew asked.

“Xiǎodì, don’t get cocky,” Lance said, a smirk on his face. “You may be the future Grand Master, but there’s three of us and only one of you.”

“Lance, we wouldn’t stand a chance,” I said.

“You’re awful, Lance,” Brock said.

Lance chuckled and explained the whole thing to Drew. Drew looked shocked but also speechless when he finished, understanding what set me off.

“Hǔ zǐ, you’re a star,” Lance said. “I checked the Internet in the cafe downstairs. You’re trending online, too.”

“I am?!” I asked in disbelief.

“See for yourself,” Brock said, holding his tablet and letting me look. Sure enough, several hashtags related to the interview were trending, the most popular being #rogerthat, #drewbrown, #goldenaura, and #deadpantojasoverparty.

“You’ve already earned three million impressions online,” Brock said. “And conversations around Drew have climbed 400 percent. Looks like your words are resounding around the globe, and the world of journalism is forced to address their oversight.”

I didn’t know what to say. Even my pokégear was pinging with messages from Bobby and Jackie, seeing my interview at home.

“We had to share the news,” Lance said, “but it seems you’re already heading to bed. How boring.”

“We’ve had long days,” Drew said, “so we’d appreciate the rest. But we’ll spend more time with you tomorrow, Ā xiōng. Unless you want to spoon with us.”

Lance rolled his eyes. “Whatever. I’ll spoon with Jake, but you disgust me. Good night. Proud of you, Hǔ zǐ.”

“Good night, guys,” I said, chuckling.

“Good night,” Brock said before they left.

I tossed my pokégear away from me after silencing it, not sure how to process this development. But I still had Drew’s attention.

“I have to say, kiddo… I’m touched.”

Damn it, my tear ducts were activating again.

“I didn’t think this would happen… but it’s true, Drew. It was all for you.”

“For me? But, kiddo, you didn’t have to make a fuss for my sake.”

“Yes, I did,” I replied. “Drew, you’ve protected me from harm ever since we met. When we witnessed the news coverage of your altercation with Aurelian, it struck a nerve, and I was so distraught at first that I didn’t know why. As a teen, I didn’t think I was strong, and I drew my strength from our bond and being in your presence. But life events have shown me I am strong, even if you aren’t with me. When the news coverage showed nothing but you getting assaulted, I had no choice but to unleash some tough wisdom on the reporter. I’m ready to protect you, Your Excellence, and I’ll take a swing at Aurelian if he lays any more hurt on you.”

Tears were in his eyes, too. “I’m so proud of the person you’ve become,” he said, “and I don’t intend on taking that gift for granted.”

He brought me into his arms, hugging me tight, my tanks refilling and my heart growing lighter.

“I’m so grateful for your support, Jake,” he said. “I couldn’t articulate how lost I would be without it.”

“Ditto.”

“Besides, taking a swing at Aurelian isn’t worth it. He’s fishing for a reaction to prove I’m the person he believes I am. By not giving into it, he’s powerless.”

I giggled. “Your genius always surprises me.”

He grinned. “You flatter me.”

He removed his shirt and shorts and turned off his nightstand lamp, with me mimicking him. We bundled under our sheets, not much space left with our companions laying with us.

“Fuck,” Drew said, “there’s no space. Why did we assume this would work?”

“Why do you ask? Were you thinking of inviting Lance to join us, after all?”

He chuckled. “Hell no. I’ll manage.”

We laid on our backs, a moment of silence resting between us as the air conditioner kicked on again.

“You hadn’t spoken about how the challenge ran from the inside. Are you talked out?”

He turned over and looked at me. “For you? Never.”

I smiled.

“I take it more happened than what we could see?”

“Oh,” Drew replied, “much more.”



Chapter Nine



The Transcendent Flashback



~Drew’s POV~

I stayed on the ground, Aurelian’s brutish expression unrelenting and the others with him cheering and encouraging it. Regardless of what he did, I refused to react. My cheek seared with pain, but I ignored it. No sooner had we entered the forest, I’d gone off on my own, intending to enjoy being in nature alone, or so I thought, discovering that Aurelian had been tailing me, hoping to uncover my true identity in front of the audience he had under his thumb.

“C’mon, you felon,” he said, disgust still hiding behind his eyes and his stiff demeanor unwavering. “Why don’t you fight back?”

I said nothing.

“You call yourself a man? You’re nothing but an imposter. Real men prove themselves. Real men fight. Real men have courage. A noble man opposes injustice and resists evil.”

Though anger burned in my heart, I dared not reveal it. Responding only led to what he wanted.

“You won’t make it in this competition if you rely on your weakness to make others take pity on you. Nobody will help or align with you, and I’ll ensure that. A criminal isn’t trustworthy, and they aren’t qualified to leverage diplomacy with other nations and don’t deserve to lead the Golden Aura. Do us a favor and return to your country. If we find you again, we’re not letting you pass scot-free.”

With that, he and the others left. I regained my footing and made certain they were out of sight before I crossed the forest, ignoring my injured cheek but also pondering how I would survive this challenge. This wasn’t impossible - I’d faced much worse before. I’d faced my father’s organization and confronted family members and executives in a life-changing raid that wasn’t guaranteed any success. Jake and I survived an adventure that would’ve robbed us of our lives if we hadn’t encountered Latios’ home island. I’d survived six years in the military and completed many missions in which my team accepted any danger might cost us our lives. I’d endured loneliness and my fear of losing Jake amid battles with my mental health. This challenge felt familiar, but the only difference was I was alone.

As I continued on this course, the path forked into multiple paths, making it impossible to determine which paths were safe. Regardless, I chose one of them and followed it, finding myself among a variety of trees. I took off my shirt and tied it so I’d have a pouch to carry sustenance. The trees offered various berries, nuts, fruit, and olives, so I was lucky right away so as not to worry about my hunger. Now, all I needed was a source of water and shelter.

However, as I trekked farther along this path, I heard something in the distance. I wasn’t certain what it was, but I quickened my pace and followed the sound, wanting to confirm its identity and if it meant I was in danger. Its sound became clearer the longer I followed, and it didn’t sound threatening. Upon my first impression, it sounded not of a vicious creature, but of a wounded pokémon calling for help.

I moved faster, locating its source. In the distance, in what appeared to be a hunter’s net, was a wild pidgeot, its wings compressed and kept from producing any gusts to free itself. Moving closer, I also saw something sharp attached to the net had pierced its foot. Nobody was around, making me wonder if someone had set the trap and hadn’t yet returned to discover their catch.

It stopped squawking and flailing when it saw me, and its spirit transitioned to anger since someone was in its presence. Its narrowed eyes and intense aura unnerved me, so it was only natural it believed I’d set the trap.

“What happened to you?” I asked. “Did someone trap you in this?”

It didn’t respond, wary of my presence. From my studies, pidgeot hunted well away from their nests during the day, so it most likely wasn’t anywhere close to it.

“I can’t imagine who would set this, but I’m not here to harm you,” I said, “and I’ll set you free.”

It watched my movements as I came closer to it. I bowed before I set my pouch on the ground, showing I wasn’t carrying anything else on my person. “Do you have babies at your nest?”

Its gaze softened some, but it gave a small squawk.

“Then I’ll make certain you can return to their care. You’re wounded, so I want to ensure it doesn’t get infected.”

With the net’s height, Pidgeot and I were on eye level. I tried my best to keep an innocent smile on my face to keep it at ease. I opened my bundle and picked out a few oran berries and walked over to it.

“Here, these will help you recover,” I said, offering the oran berries in my hand.

Pidgeot wasn’t sure at first but then took an oran berry in its mouth, hearing a faint crunch before it swallowed and accepted the others.

“Good,” I replied. “These will help you replenish your energy. Now, let’s set you free.”

I looked around, seeing nothing but stones and bushes. The Golden Aura designed this challenge to test our survival skills, and no plant would be sturdy enough to cut through the net. The only option was to use stones, but in their current state, they served no use. I searched among the trees nearby and found a flat rock making a solid base, bringing it over to where my belongings were. Pidgeot watched me, silent and unmoving.

I continued to search the area, finding a substantial piece of quartz, which would be malleable enough to chisel it into a sharper object. I brought it over and then continued searching, finding a round iron-ore-rich rock which wouldn’t break no matter what I did. We still lacked a stone, but would I find an intermediary piece in the applicable shape? My luck changed when I found another iron-ore rock, more in a wedge shape. I brought my finds over to where Pidgeot was as it studied me.

“I’ll free you as soon as I can,” I said. “And we can get your wound patched as well.”

I sat on the ground and placed the quartz on the round stone. My telekinesis wouldn’t help much here, but I hoped for the best. I took the round iron-ore rock and used it to strike the quartz as forceful as possible, breaking it into several pieces. It produced a broad, slender piece, malleable and not yet sharp.

I took the other iron-ore stone and used my telekinesis in limited amounts and guided my stones in striking the edges, the wedge guiding the force into the right areas. Once even, I flipped it over and repeated. With the piece chiseled, I tested it and put a kelpsy berry on my flat stone and sliced it open. The juice was acidic and would help disinfect the wound.

I returned to Pidgeot’s side, bringing my stone blade and seeing if it would cut through the bottom of the net where its injured foot was. To my relief, with some persistence, the rope sliced in half, a definite relief. I kept slicing through the ropes until I had more immediate access to its wound.

“Injuring you is the last thing I want, Pidgeot,” I said in soft tones. “I only want to treat your wound so it doesn’t get infected. This sting will be temporary, but I promise this won’t hurt you.”

I placed my hand under its foot to stabilize it before squeezing juice into its wound. Pidgeot squawked, the acidity burning its wound a bit. Its foot grabbed hold of my hand but didn’t hurt me. Once the burning subsided, it relaxed.

“I’m sorry it burns,” I said. “This will help it stay protected.”

I added some of my saliva as well, the salt in it designed to sanitize it. I continued as long as my glands provided it, my other hand rubbing its foot in a gentle way to calm it. Without the gym’s habitat, healing wounds was much more challenging.

Nearby, I found a banana tree with long, vibrant leaves, plucking one and some blades from a nearby reed plant before bringing them over to Pidgeot. I tied the reeds together into two strands, folded the leaf in half and wrapped it around its wound, tying the reeds at the top and bottom of the leaf to produce a gentle yet secure hold.

“Does it feel okay?” I asked.

It gave a mild squawk.

Now to set it free. It would fly off, so tact was a priority. I returned to my pouch and retied it. I returned to Pidgeot and set the pouch on the ground near it before looking into its eyes.

“When I get you free, take the pouch,” I said. “I can find more food, but please return to your nest and make sure you and your babies eat.”

I then took my new blade and cut through the rope ensnaring it, doing my best to avoid injuring it. It took time, but the ropes loosened. Soon, the net fell apart, and it was free. It seemed uneasy, so I grabbed my pouch and offered it.

“Please take it,” I said. “You’re free. Return to your nest and make sure your babies are safe.”

After hesitating, it took the knot in its mouth and took off, flapping its wings with enormous strength and kicking up dust. While the ordeal left me spent, it pleased me to have helped. I wiped the sweat from my brow and pocketed my blade before I resumed my journey.

Later, as the sun set, it was time to find shelter. I’d found more food and water, so it was the only necessity left. To protect myself, I’d have to find a tree for my resting spot, but finding the right one (and not finding any enemies) was the challenge.

As I explored some nearby trees, I stepped on something that gave way, and the next thing I knew, a net much like the one that trapped Pidgeot immobilized me. I sighed, wondering what else I was in store for. I’d considered teleporting to safety, but with cameras around, I didn’t want to offer that information yet. Before I could hatch a plan to escape, several nearby voices interrupted my thoughts.

“Did you hear that?” someone asked.

“Yeah,” another replied. “Maybe it was another trap?”

“Why the hell are they even here?”

“My guess would be to create more obstacles,” came Aurelian’s voice. “C’mon, let’s see what got trapped.”

Great, more fun to deal with from my favorite person.

Once Aurelian and his comrades found me, nothing but cackling surrounded me as they approached.

“Well, well, well,” Aurelian said, a malevolent smile resting on his lips. “This is quite a surprise.”

I said nothing, trying to conceal my frustration without offering him any fodder.

“What should we do to him?” one warrior asked.

Aurelian’s smile only darkened. “Follow my lead.”

I didn’t expect Aurelian to drop trou and expose himself. Soon, I was wet, the target of his humiliation. The other warriors joined in this lewd act. Being in the forest, alone, and subjected to degradation brought back torturous memories in Viridian Forest, being defiled and abused every day by those who didn’t recognize my value. Anger fumed in my heart, but yet my mind became cloudy. I couldn’t fight back, even if I wanted to.

“That was satisfying,” Aurelian said, making himself decent, the others finishing and doing the same. “Have a good night hanging here, you disgusting criminal. We’ll see you at our morning piss. Maybe we’ll offer some cream with that morning tea.”

Their laughter faded from my view as I tried not to drown in resurfacing memories. I don’t know how long I remained there, trying to recenter my mind, but it exhausted me by the time it cleared. Nothing to do but mull over my circumstances - left to hang, soiled with urine, and alone.

The loneliness was the toughest part. Nothing Aurelian could do would break me, but being alone was tough. Nothing could comfort me. I longed for my friends and family. For my companions. I cleaved to my weak connection with Espeon, but it was like reaching for a hand in total darkness. Espeon was so far away, despite how much I tried to connect with it. I wished I could’ve loved on it or asked it to show love to Jake. No matter what, I had to persevere through this obstacle.

I spaced out, unable to rest, and after losing track of time, I heard something, believing it was Aurelian back to mess with me. Shock filled my spirit when I saw Pidgeot land nearby.

“Pidgeot,” I whispered.

It squawked, its energy more tame and less threatened now.

“Why did you return?”

It squawked and nibbled on the net, same quality as the previous. If it hadn’t compressed my body, I could’ve taken the blade from my pocket.

“Don’t worry about me, Pidgeot. Protect yourself. I’ll manage.”

It inspected me and the net. It flew off the ground, its feet grabbing onto the rope securing the top of the net and pulling hard, seconds later snapping and freeing it from the tree. The rush of air invigorated me as Pidgeot carried me across the forest, the night sky filled with the stars and the moon bathing the forest in gentle light.

We flew for a while, passing multiple thickets of dense trees, revealing how vast this forest was. Where the other warriors camped remained a mystery, but my sole concern was where I was being taken.

After quite a while of flying, we descended toward a new group of trees, a lake shining in the moonlight not far away, and soon it slowed and flapped its wings less as we re-entered the forest, and a small nest came into view. I was in awe as we landed, Pidgeot plopping me into its nest where two young pidgey sat, stunned and terrified of what their parent had brought home. I wasn’t a caterpie or magikarp, which comforted me, but I was in its nest and not safe by any means.

Pidgeot roosted, nuzzled its babies, before it came back to me, inspecting the net.

“It’s too strong,” I said. “I’m trying to get my blade out of my pocket.”

It cooed, its wing extending and rustling my head.

“Thank you for rescuing me. I guess we’re even.”

Its squawk sounded cheerful, and my nerves lifted. I struggled to move and exerted whatever energy I could into movement, edging my hand more until I could grasp my blade.

“Can you hold the net where I’m wiggling it? This’ll help me try to cut through.”

It lowered its head and secured it with its beak. With caution, I moved my hand in gentle motions, exerting fine control over the blade and the rope, cutting through. I kept at it, methodical and gradual so as not to alarm or injure Pidgeot. With effort, the net was less constricting, and soon it was slack enough to wrangle out of it.

I observed our surroundings, and the nest was high in the trees, private and protected, and the lake was viewable from our location. Pidgeot didn’t seem threatened by my presence, but it could change if it thought I’d harm its offspring.

“Did you get enough to eat?” I asked.

It squawked, gesturing to my empty pouch on the floor.

“Good,” I said. “I don’t want to intrude on your nest… but thank you for coming to my aid. You didn’t have to save me.”

It cooed, nuzzling its babies before it gave a few mild squawks. Then the babies ventured closer to me, making me tense. As a pokémon lover, this exhilarated and terrified me, as I was in its territory.

I looked at Pidgeot. “May I?”

It squawked.

“I have no intention of hurting them.”

It cooed, watching as I stroked its two baby pidgey on the head, with them less timid and more trusting of this huge stranger.

“This is a lovely nest you have,” I said. “It’s so safe and peaceful here… but I need a bath. I’ll be back, all right?”

It squawked before I climbed out of the nest and scaled the tree trunk. The home tree was easy to recognize, so I followed the thicket to the lake, which looked peaceful and promising to rid myself of the sticky filth coating me.

I discarded my shorts and stepped into the water, being more frigid than expected, but it was the only source for bathing. I scrubbed all the filth off my body before I enjoyed the stillness of the water and the lovely moonlight bathing it. Since I was safe, I needed a fast meditation session to center me again.

I used my telekinesis, diving under the water and bringing air with me in an enormous bubble. I swam to the bottom and sat, putting myself in a lotus position and clearing my mind, taking deep breaths and letting myself return to a sense of serenity.

It was then I sensed other presences around me. I opened my eyes and didn’t see them at first. But as my eyes adjusted again to the moonlight filtering in from above, I saw two creatures materialize in front of me, one of them a small, pink feline pokémon with a long tail, small paws, and cute, delicate ears, and a small green nymph-like pokémon with blue-tipped green antennas.

I couldn’t believe my eyes, as two pokémon known only by myth, having read about them in textbooks and remembering few chosen people had seen them, presented themselves to me. Mew’s DNA held links to all other pokémon in its genes, and Celebi was a time-traveler who could also help forests grow. Now I recognized how Professor Birch must’ve felt when he first saw Latios.

“Hi,” I said, hoping not to scare them.

Their energy matched mine, both of them floating like me and playing. They mesmerized me as I watched. Their playing in my presence was a delight, and they returned and brought me into it, swimming and playing together. 

“You both seem to have a lot of fun,” I said.

They both squealed as their fun continued. I stopped and watched them again before Celebi came back to where I was. Its paw rested on my injured cheek, its touch warm, and soon the pain vanished.

“Thank you,” I said. “That was kind of you.”

Its eyes closed, happiness radiating from it. Mew returned also, its own happiness joining its friend’s.

“It’s so delightful to have time with you,” I said. “I’ve been lonely tonight, but I’m not anymore.”

Celebi and Mew brought their paws to my heart, and an image materialized in front of us, showing Jake, Ninetales, and Espeon cuddled together, fast asleep.

My heart ached seeing them. How I wished I was there. I could sense Espeon’s sadness as it snuggled with Jake.

“I wish I could tell them I’m fine and I miss them… and my love is with them.”

They squealed.

“Would you do that for me?”

They nodded.

A new image came in front of me, and my heart ached more.

“What do I do? This is the toughest thing I’ve ever faced. I’m terrified of ruining everything.”

Somehow, they seemed to impart something to me. Warmth washed over my heart, my intuition guiding me through what their thoughts conveyed.

“Thank you both,” I replied. “I’ve enjoyed this so much. I should return to my nest.”

They danced around me before their presence faded, my remaining a moment longer to process the experience. I returned to the surface, the lake still bathed in moonlight, and swam to shore, encountering my soiled shorts again. I had no interest in keeping them after what happened, so I took my blade from the pocket, washed it off, and returned to the forest.

It was peculiar how I didn’t have any qualms about being nude, feeling safe and in my element here. I doubted anyone or cameras were out this far to catch me in any controversial coverage. If they did, I couldn’t care less. However, finding some coverage wasn’t a horrible idea, as there was no way I could return to the village in my birthday suit.

As I searched for the home tree, I sensed something nearby. A unique presence compared to my new friends, but still a wounded spirit. I crept through the forest until I discovered the wounded creature, an ariados. It was not the color I’d ever seen before, a green color like its pre-evolution, so something was wrong. It spotted me as I approached it, and its spirit became more petrified, its body close to full paralysis but still shaking some with trepidation.

I dropped my blade.

“I’m not here to harm you,” I said. “Oh, Ariados, are you in pain?”

Its spirit confirmed it with me. I inspected its body, confirming it was the victim of a parasitic infection long present and in the final stage of sapping life from its body. Its pack must’ve left for its survival, leaving it to die alone. A tree with cheri berries was nearby, so I plucked one and brought it over.

“I’m so sorry, Ariados,” I said, sitting in the grass next to it and stroking its head. “You don’t deserve to be alone. Would you like me to stay with you?”

Its eyes were misty, and happiness radiated from its spirit.

“Then I won’t leave you alone. You’re with a friend now. This cheri berry is spicy, but it’ll ease your pain.”

It accepted the berry and was in untroubled spirits. I remained in its presence, stroking its head as life drained from its body. As the night progressed, its spirit passed on, so I said a fast prayer over it. Then, an idea came to mind. I focused my telekinesis on its body, stimulating its spinnerets and allowing its body to relieve itself of all the silk it had stored. The amount was more vast than I expected, with two gigantic piles beside me.

Drudging fast, I found two twigs on the ground, using my blade to shave off the bark and carve them into two needles to knit with. I’d watched Mom countless times do this, so it was worth a shot if I had a solid garment for my decency. I attached a thread of silk to each needle and knit fast, weaving it into the best shorts I could manage. Once I tied the strands off, I slipped into them, with them fitting my physique without risking breakage. Because of being hand-knit, it wasn’t a tight stitch. It would breathe but also be sheer. To my relief, it would blur my privates and not risk any exposure in public.

I teleported to the branch where the nest was, with Pidgeot waiting for me. The pidgey were asleep but would soon wake from my jostling the nest. Edging into it, I picked a spot away from them, but I couldn’t doze off with the night’s chill. Before I knew it, the babies came to cuddle with me, shocking me but looking adorable, their bodies offering a gentle warmth. Pidgeot also approached me and laid its wings over us, warmth surrounding me as I fell asleep.

~Jake’s POV~

“Wow, Drew,” I said, amazed at his story. “That must’ve been an incredible experience.”

“I can’t believe it myself. I made some new friends during the challenge. Pidgeot kept me safe and helped provide for my welfare, and I monitored its wound and helped teach its babies how to fly. And I had many conversations with it about the future.”

His story left me warm and fuzzy. “I’m so relieved to hear the challenge wasn’t too rough on you. We wouldn’t have expected that… but it makes sense now why Espeon was so close to me.”

He smiled and rubbed it on the head. “It received my message. Since I couldn’t be here, I wanted you to know I was thinking of you.”

“That was thoughtful of you, considering the circumstances.”

“Think nothing of it, kiddo.”

“...I can’t believe Aurelian and his alliance degraded you. That’s so inhumane… and what’s worse, it triggered you, after everything you did to recover.”

“I won’t ever remain protected from triggers,” Drew said, “...but, despite my recovery, it happened. I don’t think the cameras caught it. Otherwise, I’m certain it would’ve disqualified them.”

“Without a doubt. I hate that it contributed to how alone you felt.”

He nodded.

“But, Drew, you aren’t alone,” I said, hoping to let something on here. “You’re so special to me, and I won’t allow that to happen. You won’t ever be alone… and I’m so elated this bed isn’t empty anymore.”

He smiled. “Right back at you, kiddo. It’s wonderful to be back. Now, I don’t think my eyes will stay open too much longer.”

He turned over, and I moved closer and put my arms around him like he’d done with me so many times before. It wasn’t long before Drew was snoozing next to me, and I smiled, soon dozing off with him.



Chapter 10



The Seer and the Ghastly Nightmare



I awoke the next morning in Drew’s arms, wishing we could’ve stayed in bed all morning like this, but it wouldn’t have made us productive. Besides, Drew had a critical meeting with the village seer this morning, the most vital part of this round of the tournament. Plus, the longer I was in his embrace, the more aroused I became, and I’d die if he noticed. As he stirred, I snuck away to wash my face while I let it disappear.

“Morning, kiddo,” he said when I re-entered the room, his brown eyes drawing me in again. It took all my self-control not to crawl back into bed with him.

“Morning, Drew,” I replied. “Are you nervous about your meeting this morning?”

“I’m not sure yet.”

“Do you know what it entails?”

“Not everything,” he said as he dressed in a green tank top and grey shorts. “The Golden Aura centered this entire tournament on physical strength and survival, love and care of pokémon, and the content of one’s mind and heart. I’d assume if the last challenge was about my physical capabilities and my resourcefulness, this will examine my inner being and my aura.”

“Different indeed,” I replied.

“While warriors can be resourceful and wing challenges, the playing field here is unique. A seer is the most respected member of this community with a vital narrative the Golden Aura values. They sought them out for this challenge. The seer isn’t valuable only because of the vast wisdom they’ve collected, but more so for the divine spiritual energy dwelling within their very being. They can assess a person’s aura by being in their presence, and I’m certain that gift offers them insight into the future as well.”

“Wow,” I replied. “That’s enough to make any normal person uneasy.”

“Indeed. But, somehow, I’m not afraid. I’ve got nothing to lose, and if anyone tries to fool them, they’ll see through it. This will be like any normal conversation.”

I smiled, dressing in a red shirt and black shorts.

“And this won’t be a challenge for you, Your Excellence. If he’s 1,000 times keener at reading energy than you, you have nothing to worry about.”

He chuckled. “Why do I suspect you’re biased?”

I joined him. “Because I am. But it’s because I believe you can do anything.”

He smiled and drew me into a hug, threatening my resolve again and wanting to remain in it.

“What would I do without that?” he asked, squeezing me tight before releasing me. “Thank you, kiddo. I’ll see everyone at lunch.”

“We’ll be wishing you well,” I said, prompting a blush and a smile before he left the suite, leaving me alone and allowing me to catch my breath. Finding any moment to talk to Drew was tough.

I checked my pokégear, seeing the number of messages had grown. Messages from Jackie and Bobby, my parents, and even Professor Oak and Dustin. I sent several hasty replies, saying I’d write back later.

As I finished, I received a new message from Jeff (intending to connect to benefit Drew and not myself), which read: Hey, cutie. Congrats on a flawless viral campaign even I couldn’t have orchestrated any better. Hope to see you soon. Xo.

I didn’t know how to feel, although something still pulled me to him. It wasn’t any different from Lance, except for the stricter boundaries. I typed out a reply, hoping to be done with it for the moment.

 Lol, not trying. Any other comments should be directed to my publicist (if I had one).

As I gave my companions head rubs, another reply came through.

You do, and pro bono, I might add. Those reporters will hound you now. Feel free to use me as a shield. ;)

I couldn’t deny his charm. He’d gotten a smile out of me, at the very least.

Whatever. Lol. You think I need one?

Yet again, another fast reply.

I wouldn’t suggest it if you didn’t. You’re supporting your best friend, so let me support you. Send them my way if they bug you. See you soon.

I chuckled, shook my head, and left our suite.

With Drew gone, the rest of our group spent the morning at the State Park, the grandest and most elegant park in the village. It was an expansive landscape where plenty of warriors and their guests could enjoy it without being cramped. Plus, our pokémon received plenty of playtime, which they deserved since we dedicated much of our time to the tournament.

Milotic, Ludicolo, our group’s three gyarados, Corsola, Staryu, Marshtomp, and Goodra played in the massive pond in front of us. Slaking and Aggron bathed in the sun while Archeops and Crobat flew around the park. Mightyena, Arcanine, Manectric, and Breloom played with Psyduck, Sudowoodo, and Dragonite.

It wasn’t often our collective pokémon got to mingle, so it was a pleasant morning of centering and relaxation. Misty and I did yoga while Lance and Brock chatted and practiced their kickboxing. Misty and I then groomed Milotic and Gyarados, who were smitten with each other. Being by the water and observing everything around us was pleasant.

“What a lovely morning,” Misty said.

“We couldn’t ask for a lovelier one,” I said. “Mornings at home are charming, too, but given the circumstances, today’s feels extraordinary.”

“Why’s that?” Misty asked. “Did you have a pleasant evening with Drew after dinner, Mr. Media Star?”

“We did,” I said, chuckling. “The media storm was a definite surprise, but nothing happened. We talked, and he told me all about the forest challenge.”

“So you didn’t talk to him about anything?”

“Not in so many words. I tried to be subtle and offer hints, but I’m not sure if he caught onto them.”

“That’s a shame, but I’m glad it was pleasant.”

I observed our surroundings, and entering the scene in the distance was Aurelian and his group, far enough away to protect him from my desire to lay some hurt on him, but close enough for my blood to boil from what he’d done to Drew. Luck had it he saw me out of the corner of his eye and gave an intimidating and snarky sneer, which made my skin crawl.

“Looks like we have company,” I said.

Misty looked in that direction and caught sight of him.

“Great,” she replied. “So much for enjoying a peaceful morning.”

“Agreed. Especially after what Drew told me, I didn’t think I could despise him any more.”

“Was there more?” she asked.

“Much more.”

I filled her in on Drew’s story, and soon her expression matched mine when we peered over at his group, which seemed to be a few of his loved ones and their companions. While they had an oshawott, teddiursa, and skiddo with them, none of them seemed to belong to Aurelian. It made me wonder what Aurelian’s team was, as the tournament hadn’t revealed the warriors’ pokémon yet.

“How despicable,” Misty said. “I don’t know how it got past the cameras. They should disqualify him.”

“100 percent agreed,” I replied.

“I take it Drew won’t say anything?”

“I doubt it. It would contrast with the media’s image of him. By not giving into Aurelian’s tactics, he’s also not giving power to them.”

“It’s smart, but I hate that he gets to act so smug with no repercussions.”

“We have to trust the process,” I added, “and if he continues this behavior, I don’t see how they’d choose him.”

“At least that offers some comfort.”

“Agreed. Now, let’s ignore them and enjoy the park while we can. I suspect reporters will pursue me after yesterday’s roast.”

Misty giggled. “How are you coping?”

“I don’t know. Jeff’s offering help, so I might as well accept it. It’ll benefit Drew in the long run.”

“That’s smart. And how do you feel about him?”

“I don’t know. He’s attractive, and he’s gotten some smiles and laughs out of me from his texts. I’m torn.”

“Goodness, Jake, this doesn’t make this any simpler for you.”

“Tell me about it.”

As we groomed and gave our pokémon attention, an older gentleman in a blue peacoat with gray hair poking out of his brown fedora walked by and, to our surprise, admired them alongside us.

“Wow, these are two outstanding pokémon,” he told us.

“Aww, thank you,” Misty said.

“We’re flattered,” I added.

“Are you competing in the tournament?” he asked.

“We’re only guests of a warrior,” I said.

“That’s a shame. I bet they’d both do well in battle.”

“We appreciate the compliment,” Misty said. “How long have you lived here, sir?”

“Oh, only since my retirement began. I’ve lived in many places, but I can say with certainty I’ve enjoyed living here the most out of anywhere.”

“We can’t argue,” I replied. “It’s gorgeous here.”

“Do you live alone, or do you have a family here?” Misty asked.

“My children have left home and started families of their own,” the man replied, “and my wife passed a few years ago, so I spend my time enjoying nature and pokémon, and this village offers plenty of both.”

“Our condolences,” I said. “How long were you and your wife together?”

“70 years,” he said, his smile warm with some sadness still lurking below the surface.

“Wow, that’s remarkable,” Misty said.

“You give both of us plenty to hope for.”

“Oh, you youngsters will have plenty of chances to have full lives, just like we did. Are you two a couple?”

We both giggled, with my blush more pronounced than hers.

“We’re best friends,” I said, “but she’s engaged and planning a wedding. And I’m… here.”

Even the old man had a chuckle. “Well, congratulations, miss, and all the best to you.”

“Thank you,” Misty replied.

“And what about you, young man? Any eyes on anyone? Seems like a bit of a sore topic for you.”

“Yes, it’s complicated… more than I wish it was.”

“I see. And does this person suspect anything?”

I shook my head. “And I don’t know how they’ll take it once they find out.”

“Life is what you make of it. We have no guarantees in life. If you love someone, the best step is to pursue it. If you don’t, you won’t ever know. Sometimes, risks pay off.”

“That’s true,” Misty said. “Thank you so much for your compliments and wisdom today.”

“It was my pleasure. You two enjoy your morning, and I hope to see you around.”

“Will do, thank you!” she said.

I wasn’t sure how to respond. There was plenty to consider. But how did it fit with all my jumbled thoughts?

“Are you okay?” she asked.

I shrugged. “I’m fine. Let’s talk about something else.”

After we’d enjoyed our morning, we called it quits once reporters began scouting the area. Any of them who approached me I directed to Jeff, per the order issued to me, telling them to do their research before bugging my publicist (and getting some delight from it). This was only a temporary solution, as I’d need to grant interviews soon. Now to angle this back to Drew. I hoped Jeff had ideas.

At lunch, Drew seemed cheerful when he joined us.

“So how did everything play out?” Brock asked.

“Wonderfully,” he replied, his smile captivating.

“That’s all you’re telling us, Xiǎodì?” Lance asked, exasperated. “We’re dying for details, you jerk.”

Drew chuckled. “Geez, what a crowd. All right, here’s what happened…”

~Drew’s POV~

I left the hotel, Ninetales and Espeon flanking me, as we weaved around guests and villagers. It was a pleasant morning, and I’d slept well and awoke rested. My mind was less occupied by the events of the forest challenge or other lingering issues. Well, most of them. I ignored them and instead focused on how peaceful today was. Plus, I enjoyed having a peaceful morning in nature with the seer and my companions.

From the note handed to me during my spa visit, I was to meet them at one of the nearby coffee shops. Once we arrived at the name listed, since it was far too tempting not to see what they had, I ordered an iced green tea. I migrated to the patio with my beverage, where I searched for the individual described to me. The giveaway was the gold and bronze pin fastened to his vibrant green overcoat he wore over deep purple robes. He was a stately older gentleman with long white hair to his shoulders and a long white beard. If I wasn’t mistaken, he looked Chinese and was scribbling in what looked like a style similar to Mandarin in his notebook, but he stopped once he sensed my presence and fastened it shut, rising to his feet.

I bowed low to him. “Xiānshēng, thank you for having me,” I said in Mandarin.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Xiǎo huǒzi,” he said, returning the bow. “I hope life finds you well this morning.”

I nodded. “And I’m grateful to be here.”

“Wonderful,” he said, grabbing his notebook and his drink. “Let’s return to the forest.”

He chuckled once he realized we’d ordered the same item and led me off the patio and back into the forest. A few minutes later, we returned to the Relic Forest before the Relic Stone, the magnificent statue carved out of black moonstone in the shape of a lighthouse catching my eye. It was the only known natural source of setting free the doors to the hearts of pokémon shut by artificial means. It brought back memories of my last mission as part of the G-Men. Soft sunshine broke through the tree cover, and the sound of a waterfall in the distance fueled my sense of serenity.

“Remove your shirt,” he said.

I did as I was told before we took seats on the ground next to the stone, with him half a foot apart from me and Espeon and Ninetales laying at my sides.

“So are you comfortable continuing our conversation in Mandarin?”

I nodded. “Or English, it doesn’t matter.”

“What other languages do you speak?”

“I’m fluent in Japanese and French, and I’m close to becoming fluent in Korean.”

“Wow. Impressive. Did you absorb languages as a child?”

I shook my head. “It was different as a child. I could speak French with my mother, but I spoke more English and Japanese outside the home. As an unhampered adult, it’s easier to learn new languages and has become my new hobby.”

He smiled and took out his notebook and made some notes before catching me admiring the stone.

“Have you been in the Relic Stone’s presence before?”

I nodded. “One of my mentors and I meditate here because it’s so tranquil, but I was also here years ago for a mission. It’s special to me, and its presence centers me.”

He smiled. “Yes, it’s a significant part of our community, and it has served a major purpose. Would you like to get started?”

“Of course.”

“Great, then let’s center ourselves before we begin.”

We both remained in silence for a while, clearing our minds. I’d had plenty of practice and calmed my mind fast, listening to my breathing and releasing tension, letting light and stillness flow through my chakras.

“Yes, excellent,” he said. “Now, your hands, my child.”

I held them out in front of me, and he took them in his, holding onto them and warming them. They remained together for a while, with him taking deep breaths and not saying anything, a light hum of a melody floating from his throat. Whatever he was gathering, he needed time to gather it all. As he held my hands and gathered, I continued to clear my mind and let my qi flow. On occasion, a returning thought resurfaced, which I cleared before re-centering myself.

“My child, what a life you’ve lived,” he said after an extensive period of silence, his eyes now open. “In only a few moments, I’ve already seen so much. My, my, my… a great many challenges you’ve faced and conquered that have served your growth.”

I nodded.

“So your meeting this stone before was in a military operation?”

“Yes, the US government hired my team to rescue shadow pokémon and apprehend the degenerates who were tipping the ecosystem out of balance and using them for their own selfish gain.”

“I see. It makes sense why this stone is so special to you. And you met the guardian?”

I nodded.

“Extraordinary.”

He looked at my hands, observing the tattoos on my fingers before moving upwards, seeing the many traditional Japanese emblems accompanying tattoos of my original pokémon team, my heritage, my love of nature, and hometown memorials.

“Your tattoos also tell me so much about you. They not only show dedication and pride in where you come from, but also the lessons you’ve learned, all with lots of color. The characters on your fingers I find the most fascinating, seeing something Chinese among so much Japanese influence. Does the Wǔdé mean something special to you?”

I nodded. “When I was reborn 10 years ago, I sought to become the best version of myself to serve my community, and the discipline I turned to was martial arts. It not only honored my fighter’s spirit, but it also connected me deeper to my Chinese heritage. When I enlisted, I wanted to remain accountable to the virtues of mind and deed taught by my mentors. So, wherever I was, they’d remind me to remain true to who a true martial artist needed to be, and it’s served me well in work and in life.”

“That’s noble of you,” he replied. “Aside from learning it for discipline in mind and body, is Wújí your goal?”

I nodded. “More or less.”

“And where do you assess yourself in your search?”

I sighed. “I have more work to do.”

He smiled. “Well, at least it shows your humility.”

I chuckled. “It wasn’t my main point, but I’m honored.”

He joined me. “But it’s a noble goal to search for harmony between your mind and your heart. Let’s return to that later. Let’s switch to your companions. Your bonds with them say a considerable deal about you as a trainer.”

They rose from where they were and sat next to me, their heads resting in my lap, earning them lots of head rubs. Ninetales gave a light squeal, and Espeon’s purrs were loud enough to catch.

“I wouldn’t be myself without them,” I said, my eyes getting misty. “They’re the best companions I could ask for.”

“They’re warriors, much like yourself. Their journeys have been extensive but have brought them to higher states of being, which fits your journey of serving others and raising your own vibration.”

I nodded.

“I couldn’t have put it more eloquently.”

He nodded, pausing and thinking before speaking again.

“What is leadership to you?”

This was the toughest question he’d asked so far. I thought harder about my answer.

“Given your background, it might be challenging, but what do you believe leadership should be?”

“...One of my favorite quotes from Lao Tzu comes to mind first. ‘If you want to govern the people, you must place yourself below them. If you want to lead the people, you must learn how to follow them.’”

“A striking quote,” the seer replied. “So, rather than people serving the leader, the leader serves the people.”

I nodded.

“Something the Golden Aura looks for in their warriors is to see them bring their full power and aura to the tournament with no hindrance. Is there anything holding you back?”

This was the one question I was hoping he wouldn’t ask, and through his immense wisdom, he’d detect whether my answer was true. I didn’t want to sidestep it, but it was lost on me if my genuine answer would invalidate me.

“I sense some hesitation, my child. This is a safe space. There’s no need to be ashamed.”

“I don’t have a vested interest here. But there is something. It’s a positive distraction… and involves an unavoidable decision I have to make. It’s the choice that conflicts me.”

He nodded. “Proceed. What is this regarding? Is this about something you desire?”

I nodded.

“Is it related to the tournament or home?”

“At home. It hasn’t affected my focus, but... I can’t keep avoiding it.”

“Your hands, my child.”

He took them again, reading my energy as I tried to center myself and settle my heart rate rising with the topic.

“Ah, now I see. This is about your family.”

I nodded, my eyes welling with tears.

His smile changed seeing my emotions. “My child, what worries you about this conflict?”

“...For a while I wondered if I was worthy. Now, I don’t question it, but what worries me is if I make a mistake and it’s lost forever…”

Tears fell from my eyes as I tried to keep myself composed, his warm smile and gentle aura unchanging as he observed me.

“The wisest people have told me my past doesn’t define who I am,” I continued. “It’s the choices I make and what I stand for. But this… this…”

“This desire… for connection and togetherness,” the seer said.

“Yes… I can’t live without it. If anything took it from me… my world would crumble. Who I am and my purpose for serving would be meaningless.”

The seer’s eyes were soft as he listened, his hands cupping mine again, though it wasn’t clear if it was for reading more energy or for sympathy.

“My child, you’re on the precipice of a decision all warriors face. Soon, you must quell the distressed narrative between your mind and your heart. They might seem like they have conflicting voices, but sometimes, below the surface, they’re in alignment. I cannot say, as only your heart knows which choice is right. But until you decide, Wújí will be out of your reach. To reach that balance, it will require you to decide and accept the consequences it bears. Either choice will have them. It comes down to the price you pay by either renouncing the desire and living without it or by pursuing it with all your being.”

I wiped my eyes only for new tears to come.

“I guess I couldn’t have hoped for a different answer,” I said. “Years ago, I wouldn’t have expected to address this dilemma. Whatever I do affects the lives of those around me, and I don’t want to hurt them...”

“And that’s the true test of leadership, my child. A corrupt leader will do as they please, with no regard for their community… but a noble leader considers them before making a decision. Malcolm Forbes said, ‘You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.’”

I smiled, tears coating my cheeks.

“More sage words might encourage you. The great Al-Shafi’i once said, ‘What’s meant for you will never miss you, and what missed you was never meant for you.’ To follow, words from American writer Helen Rowland read, ‘The follies which a man regrets most are those which he didn’t commit when he had the opportunity.’ Do you understand what each of them says to you?”

I nodded.

“My child, as you know, life is short, and happiness is a splendid yet rare gift. Don’t torture yourself for a mistake you’ve yet to commit. What you seek may not be a mistake at all… but it’s not wrong to seek happiness for yourself. I assure you that you’re worthy of it. In this tournament, and in life, believing you’re worthy will bring the success you seek.”

Staying collected was too much for me to bear.

“Thank you,” I said, trying to keep my composure, but his words spoke to me far more than expected. “I’m sorry. My brothers say I’m too emotional for my own good.”

He chuckled. “Please, don’t be sorry. There’s nothing more delightful and life-changing than love. The late Thomas van Kempen once said, ‘Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.’”

I smiled. “Would it be odd for me to hug you?”

The seer chuckled. “Not at all, my child…”

He brought me into his arms, and my composure broke, providing the catharsis this moment required. It continued for several minutes, my pent-up emotion spilling forth and being caught and handled by a gentle soul who held me in spite of my sobs.

Once I regained my composure again, we resumed, wiping my eyes and recomposing myself with him.

“Do you feel better?” he asked.

I nodded. “Thank you for not seeing me any differently. I guess I was failing to acknowledge how much I was holding back.”

“Life decisions can sometimes be uncomfortable… especially when they’re conjoined with our emotions. Would discussing this decision help your thought process?”

“It might,” I replied. 

“Very well,” he replied, his smile remaining. “Tell me more about them...”

~Jake’s POV~

“Wait a minute,” I said, as Drew finished his recap.

“What?”

“You’ve left out details,” Lance said.

“I did not, Ā xiōng.”

“You’re a terrible liar,” he replied. “You stopped at the Seer asking you if there was anything clouding your judgment during the tournament, and we’re all hanging onto your story because we want to know the answer.”

“Well, tough shit, Ā xiōng. There isn’t anything holding me back.”

“Whatever you say, Drew, but I call bullshit,” Lance said, smirking.

I sighed. “It’s not important, Lance, so let’s move on. I’m glad everything ran smoothly, Drew.”

“Thanks, kiddo. Only two tests remain before we find out the first round’s results. In fact, the next test begins soon, so I should dash.”

With that, Drew left the table, with Lance on his tail.

“Xiǎodì, wait up!” he called.

Brock sighed. “Guess I’m leaving too. Catch you all later.”

“Bye, Brock,” Misty and I said.

Now it was only us, as the others were sightseeing. Truth be told, I hadn’t the faintest idea where Sabrina was.

“Well… that was odd,” Misty said.

I nodded.

“Did you suspect Drew was withholding information, too?”

“It’s possible,” I replied, “though Drew hasn’t ever kept secrets or had any reason to.”

“Except the identity of his ex.”

It was a fair point. His whole dating life was a mystery. It was the one thing confounding me, and while I didn’t pry, I wondered why he hadn’t shared that with me.

It was on my mind throughout the rest of the day, even after Drew’s recount at dinner of how the care expert commented on how outstanding his pokémon were from their care inspection. His behavior was off again, with no contact between us when we turned in. I cuddled my companions and tried not to dwell on it before I dozed off, wishing I had his arms as a comforting blanket.

When I awoke, I wasn’t in my hotel suite. Despite my disbelief, I was… back home, in my suite, my companions all piled around me, still fast asleep.

How weird. Did I dream I was in Arizona for a tournament?

I scratched my head and decided to see if anyone was awake.

To my surprise, my parents and Saundra were here. In a sunny living room, my father was reading the paper, and my mother was knitting. In the kitchen, Saundra was preparing breakfast.

Wait, why are they-? They don’t live here.

“Morning,” I said.

“Good morning, Ji-Sun,” Abeoji and Eomeoni said, grins on their faces.

“Morning, Jake,” Saundra said. “Hope you’re starving. I’m preparing a feast for everyone.”

Food wasn’t on my mind. My only objective was finding Drew.

“I’m not hungry, “ I said.

“All right, honey,” Saundra said. “Don’t be gone too long. Breakfast is almost ready.”

“Why are you making breakfast?”

“Because it’s the most important meal of the day!”

My parents chuckled from the living room. I shook my head and dialed Drew’s number, getting no response.

“No answer. Is he working?”

“No idea, dear,” she said, still smiling. It carried over into the living room, and the smiles I got from everyone unnerved me.

“All right. I guess I’ll wake Jackie and Bobby for breakfast.”

“They’re not here,” Eomeoni said, her smile plastered and unmoving, as if she’d had a Botox treatment.

“They’re not? But they should be. They-”

“They’ve been on a journey in America for the last month,” Abeoji said. “We’re not expecting them back for a while.”

This made no sense. I knew nothing about them being on another journey. Something was off.

“Morning, everyone!” came another familiar voice.

I looked and saw Silver sauntering downstairs, looking presentable in a sweater and trousers rather than his traditional robe and sweats, another unnatural smile plastered on his face.

“Morning, Silver!” my parents said.

“Morning, Silver!” Saundra said, smiling as well. “I hope you’re hungry. We’re famished!”

“You bet, Mrs. H,” he said, grinning. “What can I do to help?”

“Oh, that’s so thoughtful of you. You can set the table. There’ll only be five of us.”

”Make it four,” I replied. “While you all feast off your drug trip, I’m finding Drew.”

Everyone burst into laughter.

”Oh, Jake,” Silver said. “You’re so silly.”

”Why would we be on drugs?” my parents asked.

”We’re as sane as ever,” Saundra said.

None of this made sense. I had to take action and find the truth amid this chaos. And only one person could make sense of it.

I leapt through the front door, moving at the speed of light outside the gym, through town, and to a familiar apartment I’d wanted to visit so many times. I hurried through an outdoor complex and found his door, giving it a fast rap as my heart pounded.

The door opened, and a fatigued and unamused Drew appeared, hot as ever, in only a pair of form-fitting boxer shorts, leaving his beefy physique exposed.

“What do you want?” he asked.

“Something’s wrong, Drew,” I said. “Come quick. Everyone’s acting bizarre.”

“Why the hell are you bothering me?” he asked, his voice shaky and his hands balled into fists. “I barely catch a wink because of my fucking demanding job, and you come banging on my door for your own selfish reasons?”

My tear ducts activated. “Drew, I-”

“Oh, please, don’t you dare start the waterworks, you big fucking baby,” he said, leaving me at his doorstep. “I need to rest before work.”

I came into his tiny studio, littered by takeout boxes and filthy clothes. Espeon and Ninetales, emaciated and shaking with trepidation, cowered in the corner.

“What the hell happened to your apartment?” I asked. “Why are your pokémon-”

“Look, I don’t have to explain anything to you,” he said, lighting a cigarette, smoke billowing from his mouth and nostrils as if he was a torkoal, my lust wishing for him to spit on me. “I have a prick for a boss breathing down my neck, and I don’t need it at home from a pathetic okama either.”

Those last words stung. I tried my best to ignore them.

“Drew, please.”

“Why are you here?”

“Because… I need to tell you something.”

“And it was worth bugging me on my time off the clock?”

“Yes, it couldn’t wait.”

“Well, spit it out, brat,” he replied, unamused. “The sooner you tell me, the sooner I can snooze.”

I swallowed. “Drew, this has taken me so much courage, but I have to tell you.”

“What?”

“I’m in love with you.”

As soon as the words left my mouth, he burst into laughter. Manic, hysterical, ugly laughter, breaking me into a fit of sobs and my heart pierced like a slash from a sharp knife.

“How could I love a pathetic okama like you? I can’t believe you would bother me and tell me such utter nonsense. I could puke over those words.”

“Drew-”

His cackling ceased to relent, and after blinking away tears, Drew disappeared, and in his place was a ghoulish figure, decrepit cackling spewing from its grotesque mouth.

I ran as fast as I could, the cackling following me. Back at the gym, my parents, Saundra, and Silver were replaced by cackling ghouls. I took off again, this time back into the downtown hub, surrounded by cackling ghouls replacing all our business owners and residents. The cackling threatened to suffocate me so I couldn’t breathe. Then, after moving from Cuisine de Faure, to the farmer’s market, to the health spas, and to NightCare, I escaped.

However, night had fallen, and it was freezing. I returned to town to find someone who could help me, whether it was the mayor, Monsieur Faure, anyone.

Once I was back in the downtown hub, I stopped outside Moonlit Sakura Grill, where a sight took the air out of my lungs, and my tear ducts burned and my heart swelled to bursting. Drew was on the ground, in his police officer’s uniform, a wound from his chest a deep crimson flowing onto the ground around him.

I rushed to his side. “Drew!”

I scooped his torso into my arms, the blood staining my hands and clothes.

“Please, Drew. Wake up! Don’t leave me. Please!”

But no matter how hard I pleaded, his body was cold and lifeless in my arms.

“No!” I screamed, sobs overtaking me.

This can’t be happening! Am I dreaming?!

The next instant, I was awake, tears coating my cheeks. I was in our hotel suite, and Drew was still sound asleep on his side of the bed. Feeling around me, everything was real. I grabbed my pokégear and texted Lance, not thinking he’d be awake, but I was so overwhelmed by this horrible nightmare.

Are you awake? I need someone. A nightmare destroyed me :’(

I tried to catch my breath and keep myself from crumbling and therefore disturbing Drew, somehow thinking he’d be furious like in my dream. I laid on my side, watching him slumber, trying not to break more at the thought of what I’d do if I lost him, struggling to keep my sobs silent.

My pokégear chimed, with Lance’s reply.

Come on, Hǔ zǐ. Door’s open.

 I rushed to the door and traipsed through the hall, making a beeline for his and Brock’s suite. The door guard propped it open ajar. I crept inside, closing the door behind me, finding Brock sound asleep under his bedspread and Lance awake in a pair of briefs but looking tired.

I wandered to his bed, where his open arms invited me. As soon as I was in them, I broke, releasing my emotions as he rubbed my back, covering us with his sheet as the air conditioner kicked on. We remained like this for a while, him listening to my exasperated whispers and holding me tight, his cologne bringing comfort as my emotional burst receded.

Once the emotions left, I felt numb and vulnerable but also safe in his arms. Lance planted a kiss on my forehead as I dozed off, finding some comfort in an unlikely place.

In the morning, my appearance surprised Brock, but Lance quelled his curiosity with a recap of my nightmare and my not wanting to disturb Drew. We moved through our day like normal, with my returning to our suite and getting ready, drained and despondent from all the images my brain threw at me. Of my family, of Drew’s companions, of Drew’s lifeless body.

I bore with breakfast and spent the day with our group, not paying attention to much as I mulled over where my heart was. Drew left for a comprehensive and hands-on exam, which he later likened to an entrance exam to a top pokémon medical school, which was confirmed by Brock, which tested his knowledge on biology and pokémon care. It had also included a lab component of treating sick pokémon at the main Pokémon Center in Flagstaff, so he returned exhausted by late afternoon.

Right as we were about ready for dinner, per the itinerary, the entire village reconvened at the amphitheater, everyone awaiting the announcement before we could feed our hungry stomachs. The Golden Aura made their entrance after a series of drum beats ushered them in.

I held my breath, unsure of what to make of the circumstances, knowing what I knew but also considering the magnitude of our attendance.

“Good evening,” Ping said. “It’s been a pleasure observing our warriors’ passion for this challenge. After a great deal of discussion, we’ve narrowed our warrior pool to our top 96. Without further ado, they will now show on the screens above.”

We raised our gazes, a hush enveloping the crowd as we took in the sight above us.



Chapter 11



The Flirtatious Publicist and the Gorgeous Village



The silence was palpable. The sun setting, the screens illuminated, the assembled crowd in bare whispers. My heart raced as we waited. Photos populated onto all three screens, like stars appearing in the night sky in a timelapse fashion. Within seconds, all 96 warriors were present, and on the left-most screen, the 11th warrior featured was our champion.

The crowds erupted into cheers, overpowering any shocks, grunts, cries, or shouts made by camps of the eliminated warriors. But our concerns weren’t with everyone else, as we were all weeping, cheering, and passing a teary-eyed Drew around for hugs, with everyone relieved after an extensive period of silence as we waited for an answer.

It took several moments for the noise to settle, but some rapid drum beats by the village volunteers brought the crowd back to attention.

“Our selection required tremendous deliberation and thought, but we agreed on our 96 quarter-finalists. We’ve enjoyed meeting you and wish those leaving the competition all the best. Those eliminated will meet the mayor outside the village, where they will receive itineraries for hotel reservations in Flagstaff and returning flights for tomorrow.”

With reverence and some grumpiness, the eliminated warriors and their guests left the amphitheater, the rest of us silent and exhilarated as we waited for the ceremony to continue.

“For everyone one else here, congratulations on making it to the second round of our competition. This exceptional group passed all our tests, and we concluded there’s more to see from you. Our examinations don’t end with the first round, and we look forward to plenty of battles and insightful conversations ahead. We will post the results of the first round’s exams online tomorrow. Upon checkout in the morning, the village council will hand out itineraries for your hotels in Scottsdale’s Phenac City, so my brethren and I wish you all an enjoyable dinner and last night here in this charming village.”

We joined the crowd, leaving the amphitheater, with everyone buzzing with excitement and anticipation. We snagged a table at a local burger joint, enjoying ourselves and toasting beers to Drew’s successful first round. I surveyed everyone in our group, each of us holding joyous expressions. Even Sabrina, someone who seldom showed emotion, had a slight smile on her face. Nobody argued this was a major achievement for a local celebrity reaching new heights of fame. Something Drew ran from but deserved. With all the happiness around us, it didn’t explain why it didn’t resonate with me.

Sure, I was content, but something continued to eat at me. Awkwardness. It still lived within Drew’s aura. Even among the happiness of the group, it was still present, and it confounded me. We’d never been distant, not even after he moved out. Considering I was still coming off the horrific nightmare driving me into Lance’s arms, I wasn’t certain how much of what I felt was from that or from the continued drama my feelings stoked. I still had vivid memories of our Valentine’s evening, where his warmth from quality time together stoked my arousal with ease. Now, even with our eyes meeting on occasion, I didn’t feel it. As if someone built a wall between us and separated our auras.

I missed the warmth from his spirit, especially being back in our suite and sleeping apart. The night we slept in each other’s arms after his forest challenge felt like a distant memory, and hearing his light breathing as he slept only depressed me. I cuddled with my companions, wishing I knew what had changed for us but also how to combat the feelings tumbling around inside my heart. If I was traveling a dead-end road, all I wanted was the detour to be rid of these feelings forever.

~ ~ ~

The next morning was uneventful. We checked out of our hotel and received our itineraries from the City Council before boarding our shuttle van. The group buzzed with excitement about the new destination while I pretended to snooze, staying more within my thoughts as we traveled. It’d take a couple of hours, but at least we wouldn’t wait long. We’d seen lovely pictures of Phenac City and nearby Old Town Scottsdale, but being there in person would be its own experience. The only unfortunate reality was returning to the intense heat.

To my relief, there was plenty to distract me from my feelings, thanks to Brock.

“Hey, everyone,” he said, looking at his tablet. “The Golden Aura posted their scores on the tournament’s website.”

“Read it!” Lance said, grinning. “Let’s hear how our champion did.”

Drew ruffled his hair.

“According to their data, they aren’t giving their warriors any ranks, but they ranked each component of the first round. For the forest challenge, where they gauged warriors’ survival and resourcefulness, Drew scored within the 67th percentile, but in terms of creativity he scored 100%. For collaboration, hinting at the alliances, they listed it as Not Applicable.”

“How odd,” Misty said.

“Considering Aurelian’s tactics, it makes sense,” I said.

“For the seer test, Drew shows with a Pass score. For his team inspection, Drew scored 100%, and for the applied pokémon care exam, he scored 100%, which means Drew chose the wrong field and should’ve become a Pokémon Doctor like me.”

Our group chuckled, and I cracked a smile. I was proud, albeit still conflicted over my feelings.

“What gives, Drew?” Misty asked.

“Yeah, son, what are you doing wasting all that talent?” Saundra asked, only exacerbating our chuckles.

“That’s rich of y’all,” Drew said. “Goes to show I brought the wrong jokers along for the ride.”

“Oh, we’re kidding you, Xiǎodì,” Lance said, hugging him tight. “Your performance made us so proud, and it means the stakes get raised for you once we get to Scottsdale.”

“Watch it, Ā xiōng,” Drew replied, chuckling. “There’s still time to skin you before the finals.”

“You wouldn’t dare,” Lance said, giving him a noogie.

“Try me, Rustbush.”

I ignored their banter as I looked out the window, seeing the greenery fade as we returned to drier, flatter topography, leaving me glum. Agate Village’s beauty had reminded me of home, but this was temporary, as our next destination was gorgeous, not to mention filled with more drama and excitement for the tournament. If only the next hotel made the same mistake of having a single bed.

You gotta buck up. Whatever life hurls at you, accept the positive with the negative. You’ve had this lesson already - fucking act like you’ve learned it.

Misty and I carried on a private conversation by ourselves, keeping a distance from my feelings if the conversation moved anywhere near them, biding our time before we reached Scottsdale’s city limits. The sights reminded me of Phoenix. Same desert landscape, an adorable town around us, and same sky-high temperatures. But something else about it denoted proper or more upscale vibes.

Arriving at our destination confirmed it. The sight before us was grander than I envisioned. It matched its reputation as an oasis in the desert. Seven squared football fields rivaled the size of Phenac City, which incorporated hundreds of condos, hotels, department stores, convenience stores, boutiques, salons, coffee shops, restaurants, and spas. All showcased a sand-colored palette to offset the gleaming blue water flowing through dozens of canals carrying it all over the city, with many of its buildings constructed out of warm beige herringbone tile and royal blue accents. A magnificent fountain adorned the entrance to the village. Flowers and other plants nestled themselves everywhere, and the village bustled with activity from all three levels of the village, with more businesses and condos on the first level, the second level containing more restaurants and hotels, and the third level dedicated to government buildings and its stadium, where they’d hold the second round for the tournament.

“Fuck,” I said, “this village is more lovely than I expected.”

“It’s a Water-type trainer’s paradise,” Misty said, enamored with it all. “Ohmygoodness, I won’t ever want to leave.”

I chuckled. “Try to break the news gently to Rudy.”

She joined me, arms linked, as we entered the village and looked at everything we saw. Restaurants we needed to try, spas we needed to be pampered at, and boutiques housing ensembles we didn’t know yet we needed. There were also plenty of trainers present for the same reasons as us.

Our group assembled and moved through the village, looking for the hotel on our itineraries. Locals advised us we were only a brief walk, give or take five minutes, away from Old Town Scottsdale, another village holding more shops and restaurants with water features, so guests of the tournament and warriors alike had plenty to peruse for their enjoyment.

Through our exploration, we found our hotel, The Blue Saguaro, and had a seamless check-in within a gorgeous lobby of paintings inspired by the region’s original inhabitants, royal blue accents, and marble floors. After the elevator brought us to the fifth floor, we found our room, an adorable suite with warm beige carpet and cool blue comforters on two downy queen beds. We unpacked our bags in silence, not much clothing to spare before we sent our laundry out.

My pokégear pinged once I finished, forcing me to wade through my cuddly companions to find out who the offender was. Turns out it was Jeff.

Hey, you. Haven’t seen or talked to you in a bit. Wanna look around the village with me? I’m needing something for my sweet tooth ;) and I’m doing some research for work and think you’re the ideal person to probe.

I chuckled to myself. His romance game was strong, and with no remorse I took the bait.

Was that romance class at UCLA accredited?, I typed.

“I’ll be back later, Drew,” I said. “Gonna get some fresh air and explore.”

“No problem,” he said, somewhat stoic, with a trace of his amiable spirit behind it. “I’m heading to Phenac Stadium to register.”

“Cool, later.”

“Later, Jake.”

Once I was in the elevator, my pokégear pinged again.

Kid all you want, but you’ve yet to experience it. And, yes, I earned an A on the final exam. ;)

I chuckled, his charm infectious and refreshing.

Whatever, Casanova. I’m leaving my hotel now. Meet me at the fountain.

I sauntered out of the lobby and back into the intense heat, my pokégear pinging again.

Sprinting there now!

I retraced my steps back through the village, wading through villagers and guests, the space congesting with the hundreds of people from Flagstaff, not to mention the media coming in droves. It wasn’t a surprise Jeff needed any help he could get to field their interest in the best way possible.

After a few sweltering minutes of weaving through the crowds, I returned to the fountain and waited, the cool water splattering on occasion and gleaming a serene blue. I marveled again at the village’s beauty, considering our group lucky to be in a gorgeous setting for a historic occasion.

No sooner had I wondered what Jeff and I would do, he made his appearance, escaping the crowds with a smile on his face.

“Took you long enough,” I teased. “So much for sprinting.”

He chuckled, some sweat clinging to his brow. “With these crowds and the temperature, sprinting would’ve been rough.”

“Yeah, I wouldn’t envy you. You would’ve needed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.”

“Hey, don’t threaten me with a good time. I might agree to the terms and conditions.”

I chuckled. “As if that’s any surprise.”

“So is this your first time here?”

I nodded. “It’s gorgeous… and I’m clueless as to where to start.”

He grinned. “Then you’re in luck because I have the business card for the best tour guide in the entire area.”

“You do? What can you tell me about him?”

“He’s young, dumb, and-”

“Don’t tell me, full of lame dad jokes?”

He chuckled. “I was about to say full of charisma… and he knows all the best coffee shops and department stores.”

“Well, he sounds terrific. Where can I find him?”

We were both chuckling, and I gave him a playful punch in the arm.

“In all sincerity,” he said, “it’s wonderful to see you.”

“You too, handsome.”

He blushed. “And I’m elated to show you around… for a price.”

I smirked. “You’re gonna make me pay for your frappuccino?”

“Oh, heavens no. I’m paying for both our frappuccinos. You’re getting a tour and a sweet treat.”

“Oh, I don’t doubt it from all those provocative texts your evil twin sent me. But what’s the catch?”

He chuckled. “In exchange, I wanted to spend more quality time with you. And I’m looking for some information.”

“All right, you lead the way, and I’ll do my best to deal with your romantic exuberance.”

We weaved around the crowds, continuing to exchange jabs and jokes, the smiles remaining on our faces. We came to a quaint coffee shop not quite full, so we put in our horchata frappuccino orders and took a table while we waited.

“You’re too adorable,” he told me, his eyes remaining on me.

“You’re not terrible looking yourself, so are you gonna spill what information you want from me?”

“Ooh, so suspicious.”

“I mean it, ask me what my shoe size or my favorite flower is and get it over with.”

He smirked back. “Those weren’t on my list, but I can’t say they’re not relevant.”

I chuckled. “You aren’t doing yourself any favors. Tell me what you want.”

“All right, all right, twist my arm.”

“And I’m sure you’d like that.”

He chuckled again, more color coming to his cheeks. “My firm and I are putting ideas together for media campaigns. What we’re doing is reviewing data and camera footage for the warriors. We’re kinda placing bets on who the frontrunners will be. But, to shape media placements and follow trends, I need information, and of course you know Drew well, so anything you can verify helps us as we collaborate more with the media.”

“Ah, well, that makes sense.”

“I still believe Drew will do well, so I want to learn what we’re anticipating with his media coverage, and we could play it all to his advantage.”

“That won’t be difficult… considering most coverage has been negative and the competition distrusts or doesn’t like him.”

“That’s what I find fascinating, too,” he said, his hand caressing his chin. “I don’t know him well, but from what I’ve researched, a lot of it is unfounded.”

“Damn straight. Well, except for us.”

He smirked. “We haven’t talked at length about this, but I’m interested in your take. Why is Drew a social pariah with the other warriors?”

“We could spend hours talking about this,” I said. “You sure you’re ready?”

He took a notepad and pen out of his bag. “Of course.”

Our orders were ready, so after retrieving them, I returned to our table. “All right, well, there are some obvious reasons my group has seen.”

“Like?”

“Drew’s the youngest warrior, so he’s the underdog.”

He scribbled some notes.

“He’s also covered in tattoos, which some might consider low-class or insinuate he has a seedy background. It’s not a problem here, but, in Asia, it’s taboo.”

“Fascinating.”

“And it’s ironic since Drew is a former criminal, but it isn’t why he has tattoos. But the criminal past is also a point of contention, especially with Aurelian.”

“Yes, that’s been obvious.”

“Let’s see. He’s also been silent and doesn’t fight back if challenged, so that unnerves people.”

“It’s an unexpected strategy.”

“And you get why he does that?”

“Yeah, it’s a genius one. What else?”

“The other warriors may not trust him - one, for his past, but, two, because he speaks multiple languages.”

“Right, so they might suspect him of espionage.”

“It’s possible, especially with military service in his background.”

He scribbled more on his notepad. “This is gold, Jake.”

“I still have more,” I replied, chuckling. “One thing I haven’t understood is race.”

“You mean in the media?”

“Yeah, quite a few outlets in Asia have covered him and point out he looks white, so they question his being a true Asian or why he’s representing an Asian country.”

“Wow, that’s horrible,” he replied. “Everyone knows he’s mixed, but people like us can tell. It’s subtle.”

“Agreed, and who cares if he’s Chinese and not Japanese or if he has European descent? Other Asian warriors had to unearth the fact that the Europeans colonized Asian countries and compromised their cultural identities forever, so it just adds to the white noise and comes at his expense. I can’t blame them. The fact that our own inhabitants are racist within their own communities speaks to that.”

He nodded, finishing his scribbles and looking at me.

“It’s the same with the gay community. Anyway, discussing this can be excruciating, so thank you for being vulnerable with me.”

“Well, your charm has made it much easier.”

He smiled.

“Besides, if I can help you help Drew, then I’m delighted to, as you say, ‘be probed.’”

He chuckled. “We’ll see where everything goes.”

I smirked. “Knowing you, I can already see where it’s headed.”

He returned it back before we enjoyed our drinks and much lighter conversation.

~ ~ ~

After an uneventful afternoon of exploring the village with Jeff and having a mellow dinner with the group, I fell asleep fast on my comfortable bed, and by ignoring the circumstances, I seldom thought about Drew being in the room with me to stoke anything.

The next morning, a prompt breakfast at our hotel was followed by the second round’s introductory ceremony at Phenac Stadium. The stadium towered over the third level of the village. Scaling the intense steps, even without the heat, was intense. Once we arrived, the awe of the moment and its structure left us breathless.

If the outside was impressive, entering the stadium as guests was even more spectacular. There were dozens of boxes built into and along the interior walls for our humongous audience to fill, with each box holding around 75 people. The entire battlefield was full of water, deep blue like what we’d witnessed in the village. To top it off, the trace amount of sunlight entering the stadium drew attention to a gigantic, circular ice sculpture suspended from the roof, a magnificent and fitting centerpiece for this next round. Misty seemed as speechless as I was, my mouth dry and my heart rate increasing as we waited for the ceremony to begin.

A wide circular platform sat in the middle, where the Golden Aura stood in formation, with Ping in front of them, smiling and watching as the stadium filled. If boxes were full, other guests stood on the sidelines. The crowd rivaled at least 1,200 people between the warriors, their guests, the villagers, and the media.

“To all our warriors and honored guests, welcome to Phenac Stadium, the crown jewel of Phenac City and the home of our tournament’s second round,” Ping began. “Before we begin, we want to offer our sincerest gratitude to Phenac City for hosting us for the next thrilling chapter of this crucial tournament.”

The crowd applauded, giving laud to our temporary home before Ping continued.

“We also want to congratulate our warriors for making it through the first round. While it may seem unconventional, this second round will determine who will enter the semifinals of this tournament.”

Misty and I shared a look, my nerves rising as we assessed the rest of our group. Saundra and Ken held hands, watching with rapt attention. Drew was stoic as he watched, and Brock and Lance were concerned like we were. Sabrina, as usual, was stoic.

“All 96 of you have already shown promise, and it was the seer from Agate Village who recommended for you to be here today, and we’re delighted to see what comes from this next round. We will draw everything we seek out of you, and we have our eyes on you as we continue to search for our Grand Master.”

The silence falling over the stadium was deafening. To our relief, we didn’t suffer with it for long.

“Today, we enter round two with 96 warriors, and over the next three days, we will bear witness to an array of battles many of you will find familiar. We have divided this round into four phases. Phases one through three will be elimination battles, which will leave only 12 warriors. In phase four, all 12 warriors will meet with my brethren and I for a personal interview to assess their views of life, the tournament, and their goals for the future, among other significant topics. After we’ve interviewed every warrior, we will make our decision of which four semifinalists we invite to Realgam Tower in Phoenix for the tournament’s conclusion and where we crown our new Grand Master.”

A more intense hush fell over the crowd. If the first round was tough, the second round would be twice as challenging. The warriors’ objective was to impress the Golden Aura and the press fast. And it was without their full teams. If Drew’s history said anything, he’d do well here. But who could say the rest of the warriors weren’t also battle prodigies? Drew was skilled, but he still had stiff competition to conquer first.

“We look forward to getting more acquainted and witnessing magnificent battles over the next three days. Now, without further ado, Justy, the director of the Prestige Training Center and our master of ceremonies for the second round, will now randomize our warriors and introduce our first matchup.”

The Golden Aura left the battlefield before a slender man with dark hair layered with purple took center stage. Brock had his tablet handy, tuned to the tournament website and looking at the incoming data.

“It’s my honor to be here today in this moment of history to begin the second round of the Golden Aura’s tournament. The next 84 battles taking place here will move fast, so every challenger stepping onto this battlefield must be prepared to fight for their lives. Before we begin, we’d like to introduce an extraordinary group of visitors.”

Another group of people came to the battlefield, including a slender man with unkempt brown hair, glasses, and a lab coat, two young men with brown hair in stylish clothing, a young man in a gray jumpsuit, an enormous bodybuilder in a black T-shirt and grey fedora, a massive man half of the previous’ size in a blue suit, and two distinctive trainers with red and ash-blond hair in unique blue and yellow ensembles.

“It’s my honor to have with me on our panel of experts Professor Krane, Arizona’s premier professor on the purification of shadow pokémon, Nett and Secc, the co-founders of ONBS Media Group, Duking and Silva, two city leaders from Wickenburg, Trent, Phenac City’s mayor, and two of Arizona’s most famous trainers who helped US and Allied forces eradicate Teams Snagem and Cipher, Wes and Michael.”

The crowds cheered for them, with each waving to the crowds.

“Each battle comprises a two-on-two matchup, where the Golden Aura, our panel of special guests, and myself will review your battle competence, strategy, and the bond you share with your partner pokémon. May the mightiest trainers prevail.”

Justy and the panel strode across the battlefield and scaled a staircase leading to the VIP box and MC station.

“The tournament website now shows the battle order of phase one after randomizing all 96 warriors.”

Sure enough, it refreshed onto Brock’s tablet. He pulled Drew closer and whispered something in his ear, to which Drew nodded.

“The first match will be between Drew Brown of Japan and Thao Bao of Vietnam. You both will have 10 minutes to prepare yourselves, so once you hear drum beats, please enter the stadium.”



Chapter 12



The Nocturnal Reflections and the Lewd Gestures



“The first battle of our second round will now begin,” Justy said. “Thao Bao and Drew Brown, please come to the battlefield prepared for battle.”

I held my breath as we waited, the tremendous energy from the crowd contrasting with my emerging nerves. Misty and I shared a look, with her hand taking mine. A few seconds later, beats from the drums caught our attention.

Drew and Thao entered our view from opposite ends of the battlefield, with Drew wearing black elastic shorts under an unfastened emerald green kimono and bare feet and Thao, being more husky than Drew, wearing a festive forest green Ao dai with circular patterns, brown shorts, and sandals. Drew didn’t seem nervous, as confident as he looked at many past gym battles. Thao, to my surprise, didn’t fall into the same category as many other Asian warriors. Whereas most leered at Drew or refused to associate with him, Thao seemed neutral or far from the antagonistic energy confounding me.

“The first battle of the second round will now begin,” Justy continued. “Each warrior will use two pokémon in a double-battle, sudden-death format, and the battle will end when one of a trainer’s pokémon faints. Warriors, please choose your teammates.”

Thao tossed out two pokéballs, the white light emerging from them forming into two large masses of energy. When it faded, before them were a bouffalant and serperior. Solid choices for Thao.

A smile crept onto Drew’s face before he threw out his, the energy forming and light fading on his gallade and lucario, a dynamic duo certain to bring Drew victory.

A tournament official entered the battlefield to oversee the battle.

“Would both warriors please step forward?”

Thao and Drew came forward and met him in the center.

“Let’s have a fair battle,” he said. “Before we start, I’d like for you to shake hands.”

Drew extended his hand first, which Thao pondered for a second before accepting.

“Good luck,” Thao said.

“Same to you,” Drew replied. “Our battle is a true honor.”

Drew’s response took him by surprise; regardless, both of them returned to their respective sides of the battlefield.

“And for the first battle, we’re seeing some fierce contenders. It’s Bouffalant and Serperior versus Gallade and Lucario. May the best warrior prevail. Begin!”

“Serperior, use Grassy Terrain! Bouffalant, use Amnesia!”

Green rings of energy emanated from Serperior’s body and made the entire battlefield glow green. Bouffalant snorted and kicked with one of its hooves, reacting with the battlefield by glowing green and catching the audience by surprise.

“And Serperior’s Grassy Terrain is already heating up our first battle,” Justy said through the speakers. “Besides powering up all Grass-type moves and invigorating all pokémon on the field, it’s also benefiting Bouffalant because of its Sap Sipper ability.”

Misty looked over at me. “What does that mean?”

“It means Grassy Terrain not only boosts the power of Serperior’s moves, but it also raises Bouffalant’s attack.”

“Wow,” she said. “What a unique strategy.”

“It is,” Brock said, “but it makes limited sense to me.”

“Why?” Lance asked.

“Because Serperior’s hidden ability is Contrary. Any stat changes around it yield the opposite effect. With Grassy Terrain, it’s supposed to replenish the health of all pokémon throughout the battle. If I’m right, then it’ll sap its health.”

“Then why would a trainer allow its pokémon to grow weaker in battle?” Lance asked. “It’s rough enough when a pokémon with the Defeatist ability has its strength cut should its health drop below half.”

“That’s what Thao wants,” I said. “Serperior’s main and hidden abilities work together.”

“Oh, I get it, too,” Misty replied. “Thao wants Serperior’s health to prompt Overgrow and make its power even greater.”

“Correct,” Brock said. “So between Grassy Terrain and any damage it sustains during the battle, its power doubles once its health reaches 33 percent.”

“What a sneaky strategy,” Lance said.

“Yes, it is,” I said. “Thao might have covert strategies, but so does our Drew.”

“Agreed,” Brock said, “and given the battle’s structure, competitors have to be precise and hard-hitting in their strategies. Once one of their pokémon falls, the battle is over. This will force them to think on their feet and use whatever necessary tactic to prevail.”

While Thao looked determined, Drew seemed relaxed and unstressed. Despite my confidence in Drew, it made me wonder how this battle would follow.

“Gallade, use Close Combat on Bouffalant! Lucario, use Aura Sphere on Serperior!”

Gallade ran toward Bouffalant, ready to deliver a harsh blow, while Lucario aimed blue spheres of energy at Bouffalant. It seemed determination for an early lead rested with Drew also.

“Serperior, intercept with Protect!” Thao replied. “Bouffalant, use Sunny Day!”

As Serperior protected Bouffalant and negated damage from both attacks, Bouffalant glowed with a white light before the sunlight above the battlefield intensified.

“And as fast as Drew attempts an early lead, Thao counters, but what are our competitors’ strategies?”

“Something tells me this is intensifying for Drew,” Lance said.

“Agreed,” Misty, Brock, and I said in unison.

We seldom knew anything about Thao. He was strong enough to pass the first round tests, but was he a stellar trainer?

“Bouffalant, use Thrash on Gallade! Serperior, give Lucario a taste of your Weather Ball!”

Bouffalant charged at Gallade while literal fire appeared and shot from Serperior’s mouth, aimed for Lucario. It took the audience by surprise, with gasps escaping from the crowd.

“Gallade, use Double Team! Lucario, use Detect!”

Multiple forms of Gallade appeared on Drew’s side of the field as Lucario’s eyes shone as it dodged the multiple fireballs scorching the field where they landed. Bouffalant charged through multiple gallade copies, having to slog as many as possible.

“Keep it up!” Drew shouted.

With copies being destroyed, more appeared.

“Bouffalant, keep up your attack! Serperior, use Solarbeam!”

As Gallade continued to evade Bouffalant, Serperior launched a mighty solar attack toward Lucario.

“Lucario, counter with Psychic!”

Once the attack launched, Lucario took it and held it around itself like a ring of energy. Bouffalant continued its attack, spotting the real Gallade.

“Lucario, hit Bouffalant with Serperior’s attack! Gallade, use Focus Blast!”

Within a second, they struck Bouffalant with both attacks, sustaining super-effective damage but also having its attack raised again. It was blown back to Thao’s side of the field, looking dazed as it looked around its surroundings without being able to focus, a clear sign of its confusion.

“Why would Drew do that?” I asked. “That only helps Thao’s strategy.”

“He has a reason for everything he does,” Lance said.

“He’s always strategizing, so let’s see what happens,” Brock added.

“And, just like that, Drew’s team knocks back Bouffalant with a crafty combination of attacks,” Justy said. “How will Thao respond?”

“Shake it off, Bouffalant! Use Amnesia again. Serperior, Leaf Tornado!”

As Bouffalant attempted to strengthen its defenses, Serperior sent an enormous flurry of glowing leaves toward Drew’s team.

“Balance on each other and use Swords Dance!”

Lucario leapt off the ground and spun alongside Gallade, balancing on top of each other like tops moving in opposite directions, negating Thao’s attack.

“Remarkable!” Justy said through the speakers. “An unexpected but tactful move from Drew. But Thao’s far from falling behind.”

With Serperior growing weaker from the terrain but also Bouffalant still showing signs of confusion, Thao’s uncomfortable expression and sweat on his brow confirmed he was losing his cool.

“Serperior, use Weather Ball again! Bouffalant, use Poison Jab!”

Bouffalant charged, but rather than aiming for one of Drew’s teammates, it ran in Serperior’s direction.

I looked over at Drew, and a smirk appeared on his face.

“Serperior, dodge!”

“Gallade, use Psychic on the fireballs. Lucario, use Psychic on Serperior!”

With fast motions, Gallade redirected the fireballs toward a suspended Serperior, unable to move, struck by both attacks and knocking it out.

“Serperior is unable to battle,” Justy said through the speakers. “That means the victor of the first battle is Drew Brown of Japan.”

The audience gave a meager applause, with my group hooting and hollering for him and the rest of the crowd being mixed, with Thao looking downtrodden. Both trainers met in the middle of the battlefield, with Drew talking to him with a smile, their shaking hands but Drew cupping Thao’s with both of his. Thao managed a smile before he exited the battlefield.

Soon, they’d announce the next battle. Drew returned to the box, passed around for hugs before we settled in and enjoyed more battles. But we found limited entertainment from the other battles, so rather than stick around, our group left for lunch at a nearby Japanese restaurant.

“Xiǎodì,” Lance said, “There’s a colossal gym nearby. All the locals and visitors rave about it. Care to get in a stellar workout?”

Drew smiled. “Sure, it beats sitting around.”

“Yeah,” I replied. “With you moving to phase two, the other battles will be dull.”

The group chuckled.

“What he said,” Drew said, ruffling my hair before our group parted ways, with Drew, Lance, Brock, and I traversing through the heat to find this talked-up establishment.

Once we arrived, the size and depth of the establishment, housed within two full floors, left us speechless. I followed the guys’ lead, removing my shirt and stretching with them before we underwent some major weight training and perusing their machines, focusing more on arms, back, shoulders, and chest. I tried to ignore Drew’s body, as I was susceptible to staring and, to my chagrin, drooling. Brock and Lance both had hot bodies as well, but theirs didn’t stop me dead in my tracks and stoke my hunger like Drew’s. I ignored it as best as I could and followed their workouts, and by the end, I was sore. Regardless, it was a fruitful workout with quality time with the guys.

While the guys were getting water from a nearby fountain, I stepped outside, getting some air and stretching to ease my soreness. After I’d finished, I noticed Aurelian nearby, shirtless. It conflicted my spirit - while annoyance brewed, I marveled at his meaty torso with a scant dusting of hair, but the emphasis was on the muscle he’d spent years refining.

I hadn’t been discreet, as Aurelian looking at me and putting his thumb in between his middle and index fingers inside a fist snapped me out of my daze. It didn’t surprise me, but it confirmed for me how low he’d stoop. When my anger flared, he smirked at me and ducked into a nearby store. My nerves reduced, and when the guys found me outside, we returned to the hotel. As we needed showers before dinner, leaving allowed me to forget I’d seen him.

As I laid in bed that night, with my back to Drew, I was about to doze off when his voice caught my attention.

“Jake…”

I felt conflicted about what to do, but I opted to pretend like I was asleep, putting a bit more emphasis on my breathing to fake it.

A sigh left his mouth, and when I realized Drew had risen, I shut my eyes fast, pretending I was out while I sensed him on my side of the room, looking out the slider.

“What am I going to do?” he asked himself, somewhat above a whisper.

I opened my eyes, finding him standing at the slider. He studied something outside, but I couldn’t get past his nudity, his ass on glorious display. I shut my eyes again, trying to maintain my façade despite my arousal sprouting fast at the sight, remaining like this as I waited for him to return to his bed. When the springs compressed in response to his weight, I opened my eyes, waiting for the sound of his steady breathing to return, a sign he was dozing off.

I peered over, seeing him in his birthday suit but his privates covered. My arousal swelled, and I ignored it, returning to my side and waiting for it to disappear.

I don’t want this, I’m not responding to anything, and I refuse to reinforce it.

After a few moments, it shrunk, and I was asleep.

~ ~ ~

The next morning, we were back in the colosseum, taking in battles encompassing half of the morning. After all 96 warriors had battled, they announced the second phase, with the website having updated matchup information. We continued watching and retired for lunch, returning afterward to Drew’s next match.

“The next battle will be Drew Brown of Japan versus Alfonso Ranallo from Italy. Both trainers have five minutes to enter the stadium.”

Drew took no time to make his way out of our box and onto the battlefield, wearing his shorts and open kimono. A few moments afterward, his opponent entered from the opposite side of the field, fashionable Italian clothing compared to Drew’s traditional garb. Alfonso wore a forest green Polo shirt with polished metal buttons, white golf shorts, and red loafers. Aside from his smile, his most notable features were the designer watch on his wrist and wavy locks of brown hair.

They approached each other, and the smiles between them were a pleasant change from the normal, skeptical interactions Drew had with his opponents. They exchanged a warm hello and shook hands, Alfonso’s smile unrelenting.

“And already we’re starting with a remarkable show of showmanship from our warriors,” Justy said.

“This battle will now begin,” the field official said. “Each warrior will use two pokémon in a double-battle, sudden-death format, and the match will end once one of their pokémon faints. Please choose your pokémon.”

Drew sent out his pokéballs, out of which came his Gallade and Lucario.

“And Drew is choosing his same partners as his previous battle,” Justy said. “Looks like he’s sticking with his trusted teammates. So how will Alfonso counter it?”

Alfonse gave fast kisses to his pokéballs before hurling them onto the field, out of which came a blastoise and a cinderace, a leporid pokémon I wasn’t familiar with. Regardless, the crowds cheered at their appearance.

“Interesting choice,” Brock said.

“What type of pokémon is it?” I asked, looking at him.

“It’s a Fire-type starter more commonly seen in Europe. Not only is it fast and strong, but it has decent type coverage under its learnset. Drew needs to be on his guard.”

I returned my gaze to the field, and Drew’s smile didn’t waver.

“What an explosive matchup for our returning trainers,” Justy added. “Our warrior from Italy had an explosive debut in his defeat over his American opponent, so Drew will have plenty of power to contend with. But is Alfonso equipped to overcome the Psychic wall Drew employed in his defeat over his opponent from Vietnam?”

I didn’t know why I felt uneasy. I hadn’t been during any of his battles, and his last battle felt calmer. But somehow this matchup brought on concern for Drew’s victory.

“What’s wrong?” Misty whispered to me.

“I don’t know,” I replied. “But it’s like I can sense the power of Drew’s opponent.”

“Do you think Drew’s in for a tough battle?”

“I wouldn’t doubt it.”

“I can’t help but agree,” Brock said.

“What leads you to that impression?” Misty asked him.

Brock had his tablet in his lap, and he was replaying muted footage from Alfonso’s last battle, and his two teammates moved in synchronized movements, working off each’s strengths.

“Drew has faced many opponents over the years, so I trust his abilities. Still, this trainer made it to the second round also, and from what I see, Alfonso will push Drew to his limits if allowed the opportunity.”

We watched as the official raised the flags in both hands into the air.

“This battle between Blastoise and Cinderace versus Gallade and Lucario will begin… now!” the official said.

“Cinderace, use Pyro Ball on Lucario! Blastoise, use Skull Bash on Gallade!”

Figures he’d try to gain an early lead, but with Drew’s strategies, this wouldn’t land.

“Intercept,” Drew replied. “Gallade, use Swords Dance! Lucario, counter with Extremespeed!”

Both pokémon ran and leapt, crossing paths. The fireball hurled from Cinderace’s foot toward Gallade, who spun like a top in a martial art pose, repelling the attack with minimal damage taken to itself. On the other side of the field, Lucario, surrounded by a green veil, sprinted toward Blastoise in its own white veil. Once they made contact, there was a flash of light, and it knocked both pokémon back, with Blastoise’s defense raised.

“Now, Lucario, use Dragon Pulse on Cinderace! Gallade, use Focus Blast on Blastoise!”

“Cinderace, counter with Bounce! Blastoise, dodge with Rapid Spin!”

As soon as they launched attacks, Alfonso’s pokémon took action. With Lucario’s turquoise energy attack fired, Cinderace bounced out of its line of fire, and Blastoise retreated into its shell and spun out of the way, with Gallade’s orb of energy exploding after reaching the ground.

“Now, Cinderace, hit Gallade! Blastoise, keep spinning and use Hydro Pump!”

“Counter!” Drew quipped. “Gallade, use Protect! Lucario, meet Blastoise’s attack with Meteor Mash!”

When everyone collided, Gallade’s force field shielded it from damage, and Blastoise and Lucario had a standoff, with both attacks landing but giving minor damage to each other’s resistances.

“Now, Gallade, use Close Combat on Cinderace! Lucario, use Aura Sphere on Blastoise!”

“Cinderace, Flare Blitz! Blastoise, use Shell Smash to power up your Skull Bash!”

Like lightning, both Gallade and Cinderace sprinted toward each other, with Gallade’s limbs glowing orange while red fire with orange oscillating bursts surrounded Cinderace. Its collision combusted in a fiery explosion, much like Blastoise’s attack on Lucario. After its orange aura broke for a blue aura, it charged again in its white aura, with its defense lowered in favor of heightened attack and speed. It sustained the damage from Lucario’s spheres and charged, giving stronger damage to Lucario.

All pokémon returned to their sides of the field, with Lucario and Gallade panting some while Cinderace and Blastoise stood firm, having sustained damage but were still prepared to fight. Not to mention flames remaining on Gallade’s body, now burned, and Blastoise’s heightened defense.

“This battle’s had an explosive start, and it’s only increasing from here,” Justy said. “Which pokémon will be the first to fall?”

“You’re tough, like I suspected,” Drew said.

“You’re not bad yourself,” Alfonso replied, “but I don’t intend on making this battle easy for you. Blastoise, Skull Bash again!”

Blastoise surrounded itself with energy again and hurled itself toward Gallade. It was so fast, but I noticed Cinderace wasn’t on Alfonso’s side of the field either. Then, I saw it on Blastoise’s back.

“Now Cinderace, High Jump Kick on Lucario!”

If this landed, it would finish Drew.

“Not so fast!” Drew replied. “Lucario, dodge with Extremespeed! Gallade, counter with Close Combat!”

With seconds to spare, Lucario’s green aura returned, allowing it to sprint out of the way. Gallade sprinted toward Blastoise and struck it head on with its own attack, both sides taking damage from the collision. Gallade retreated, showing more exhaustion. But so was Blastoise.

“Now, Lucario, hit Cinderace with Aura Sphere!”

Because its attack had failed, it was susceptible to its spheres, causing damage and sending it back. Alfonso’s side was now more equal to Drew’s.

“Both warriors are giving their all and not relenting in their resolve to reach the next phase of this round. Who will be victorious?”

“I don’t know about you,” Alfonso said, “but I’m not losing. You will be subject to my full power. Cinderace, use Pyro Ball on each of them! Blastoise, use Surf!”

Blastoise dove into the water and rode a wave toward Drew’s side of the field. Likewise, Cinderace flipped and sent another fireball from its foot, making its way toward Drew’s side as well.

“I don’t think so,” Drew replied. “I refuse to surrender and let this be where my journey ends. Gallade and Lucario, use Psychic! Send those attacks to their teammates!”

Both of their eyes glowed blue, and each attack glowed before they moved the wave out from under Blastoise and directed at Cinderace, causing Blastoise to fall with a thud onto the battlefield. Likewise, they redirected the fireball, striking Blastoise as it hurled the torrent at Cinderace.

“Cinderace, use Bounce to dodge!”

With some strength, it leapt off the ground, evading the attack, before coming toward Drew’s field.

“Lucario, use Meteor Mash on Cinderace! Gallade, use Dazzling Gleam on Blastoise!”

Lucario hit its mark, colliding with Cinderace and giving it some massive damage. But Alfonso’s smile didn’t relent, despite Drew having a slight edge. All pokémon seemed exhausted, so it was anyone’s guess who would be victorious. I only hoped fate would favor Drew.

“Blastoise, use Rapid Spin to dodge!”

It rose and spun, evading the luminous attack and returning to Alfonso’s side of the field.

“You’ve fought well,” Drew said.

“Same to you, but it ends here,” Alfonso replied. “Cinderace, finish this with Pyro Ball! Blastoise, use Hydro Pump!”

“You’re right,” Drew said as the attacks launched. “It does end here, but it’s not where you think it does. Now, my warriors, redirect with Psychic and combine with Focus Blast and Aura Sphere!”

“A lot of good it’ll do! Dodge!”

As soon as Gallade and Lucario redirected the attacks and combined with their own, they crept around the field, with Drew most likely guiding his teammates on what to do. Cinderace and Blastoise attempted to surge in opposite directions, but the redirected attacks curved at angles, catching them at the last possible second, hitting their marks and sending them back. Once the dust settled, both Cinderace and Blastoise were on the ground, knocked out.

The crowds cheered as we all saw the outcome of the barrage. Despite the loss, Alfonso’s smile won out.

“Cinderace and Blastoise are unable to battle, so this match’s winner is Drew Brown of Japan!”

Alfonso walked to his teammates and paid them some love before calling them back. Drew met him where he was and embraced him, with air kisses being exchanged, smiles remaining on their faces.

“Well, that was the most explosive showing of power and showmanship we’ve seen today,” Justy said. “Now, Drew advances to the third round of battles, but let’s give a generous round of applause to Alfonso!”

The crowds cheered louder as they parted, with Drew leaving the battlefield.

Our group rose and left the box to intercept him with hugs.

“Outstanding job,” Brock said.

“You killed it out there,” Lance added.

“We knew you could do it,” I said inside my hug.

“Thank you all,” he said, smiling. “I feel on fire now, so I’m ready for a workout to expend this extra energy.”

“You don’t have to tell us twice,” Lance said.

“We’ll reconvene later,” Brock said to the rest of our group.

Once we’d left the stadium, we returned to the gym, wanting another workout and focusing on legs, glutes, and abs. I ignored Drew’s physique again, instead focusing on Lance’s, observing with innocence how handsome he was and hoping someone could see me the same way someday.

After we’d finished our workouts, we traversed back to the hotel, and before we approached the entrance to the lobby, I caught another familiar sight, Aurelian on his balcony, taking in his surroundings. His physique was on display again, and it disgusted me that not only did his sweaty torso look marvelous glistening in the sun, but also how it stoked my hunger.

He caught sight of us, and our eyes met, his sneer returning and him putting his tongue between his index and middle fingers pointing upward, giving a lewd sign with his wagging tongue.

My anger flared, and my group noticed something affected me.

“You okay, Hǔ zǐ?” Lance asked.

“...I’m fine,” I replied. “Just saw something disgusting, but it’s gone.”

I didn’t elaborate further, entering the hotel and wanting to forget it.

After dinner, I laid on my bed, in a text conversation with Jeff, his flirts enamoring me. Drew was reading and didn’t look in my direction. I focused on my conversation, discussing our days, with him saying he was plugging away at tournament plans, but my face stayed stuck in his mind and he looked forward to seeing me again soon. His words flattered me. When my eyelids became heavy, I laid on my side and was dozing off when Drew’s voice brought me back.

“Jake…?”

I wasn’t expecting this again, as the significance of his continuity was unusual. Keeping my eyes shut, I pretended again to be asleep. Drew wandered beside my bed, standing at the slider again. I peeked and confirmed, him in his birthday suit again, so I shut my eyes and hoped he’d return to his bed. I didn’t want to deal with my arousal again.

However, more weight pressed onto my bed, with him next to me and resting his hand on my leg.

“What can I do, kiddo?” he asked, to nobody in particular aside from me, the intended recipient, had I been awake. His voice masked sniffles, and I dared not peek to see his gorgeous brown eyes filled with tears, lest my heart ache and weaken my resolve.

I remained as I was, already concerned about my arousal. Silence filled the space, and even with my eyes shut, I sensed him reading my face, his own miserable and searching.

He sighed. “I know what I need to do. But why is this so challenging? I don’t want to disappoint anyone… especially you. I wish this was easier.”

After a few moments of silence, he stood, my bed readjusting, and he returned to his bed. I opened my eyes and pondered his words while he dozed off. I assumed the competition was getting to him, but it didn’t worry me - there was nothing he could do that would disappoint us. He only needed some encouragement, and if it wasn’t from me, he’d get it from someone else from our group. Once it was out of my mind, I was asleep.



Chapter 13



The Lifeline and the Scandalous Date



“Ladies and gentlemen, today has been quite an exhilarating day with nothing but intense battles filled with hard-earned victories and shocking defeats,” came Justy’s voice, reverberating outside the stadium as I hustled up the stone steps outside the village’s Prestige Training Center. “Our next match, between Drew Brown of Japan and Sacha Laurent of France, will begin in the next few moments.”

I hadn’t thought I’d run so late after lunch from a phone call with my parents, but it was pleasant to catch up and fill them in on the tournament’s events. The heat only exacerbated the tension in the village, as the tournament streamlined elimination. With battles winding down, the true competitors of the tournament made themselves known, and the press took plenty of notice, their presence growing as the competition shrunk.

My pokégear pinged as I trekked, wondering why the architects of the early village decided on giving so much incline in the village, especially in the upper portion of the village housing Phenac Stadium. It added to the village’s beauty, yes, but it took away from its walkability, which, combined with the heat, ensured a sweaty workout for visitors.

Where are you?, read Misty’s message.

I stuffed it back in my pocket as I hustled and reached the plateau leading to the stadium’s entrance. But, before I proceeded any further, my ear caught a familiar voice, my heart tugged by an emotional lasso.

“Why are you doing this?” they said. “You’d have to know those words would affect me. And you and I both know what you said isn’t true.”

I moved behind a stone pillar, peering around it and catching Lance sitting on a nearby bench, his right hand supporting his forehead as he held his pokégear to his ear in the other. A sniffle escaped his nose, with his head moving in light, shaking motions.

“You can deny your feelings all you want, but you’re most definitely on the spectrum. You can’t deny the passion existing between us.”

The silence only exacerbated my curiosity, and to my sadness, Lance’s shakes. I took out my pokégear and typed a fast reply to Misty.

I’m running late. Please convey my well wishes to Drew. I need to attend to something important.

“I can’t do this either, but not for the reason you’re giving. You’re not straight. The moments and love we’ve shared show you’re not. You can keep believing you’re straight, but nobody, not even you, could believe that.”

I remained behind the pillar, listening, wondering what to do. The battle would begin soon, and Drew needed our group’s support, but yet Lance was dealing with a familiar problem and also deserved support.

“You haven’t had to say it. Your actions speak louder than words. But I’m so exhausted from making space for you and getting slapped in the face. I fucking love you, and I know you feel it, too. As much as I don’t want to drop you, I refuse to keep subjecting myself to your cruelty. I wouldn’t ever treat you this way, and I don’t deserve this, especially not from you.”

My heart ached. I couldn’t imagine how much strength it required to stand up for himself, especially with the history he and this person had.

“What life?! You’re doing nothing. You’re spending time with all these girls you post on social media to protect your image and convince everyone you’re straight, but it’s not working. Nothing ever stems from those dates… and it wouldn’t surprise me if they’re onto you. I’m the one who desires to invest in and build something with you, and all you do is piss all over me.”

I swallowed, remaining still and hushed where I was.

“Fine, be that way. Don’t respond to any of my feelings. But if you continue to fight this, you’ll end up alone. I’m so fucking sick of wanting to see you, touch you, or make love to you. I fucking hate my feelings because you don’t fucking deserve them.”

It felt wrong witnessing such a private, excruciating moment. But I’d already invested this much, and the cheers of the crowds meant the battle was beginning. I peered around the column again, Lance’s eyes filled with tears and his hand clutching his pokégear tight.

“Fuck you and all your excuses. You’re more gay than you wish to believe. It’s about time you accepted it. Or you’ll continue to be nothing but a miserable alcoholic.”

His hand fell, his pokégear falling on the ground with a loud plunk of plastic on stone, his head like a set of dominoes falling into his hands, the air around us filling with soft, aching sobs. I stayed behind the column, giving the moment a chance to breathe, his sobs squeezing my heart.

When I couldn’t remain in secrecy any longer, I crept into his view, his head still in his hands. His sobs ceased, wiping his eyes as he brought his head up, his eyes opening and connecting with mine. Once he saw me, my presence only triggered him more.

My hands fidgeted as I attempted to formulate an appropriate response.

“I’m so sorry, Lance,” I began. “I…”

He shook his head, his hands beckoning to me. “C’mere, Hǔ zǐ.”

I dropped to my knees in front of him before bringing him into my arms. His chest shook, his sobs returning. I rubbed his back as he released them.

“I’m so sorry, handsome,” I whispered. “You’re right. You don’t deserve that treatment… not even from him.”

“Thank you,” he replied. “It fucking sucks. I’ve offered so much of myself to him, and he doesn’t even care.”

“It’s awful you’ve dealt with all this bullshit. You deserve someone who will love you for who you are.”

I released him, letting him wipe the tears from his cheeks, his blue eyes puffy like mine had been countless times.

“I only asked him how he was, and I didn’t expect him to break up with me again, not to mention triggering the anger inside me. And here we are, needing to support Drew, and instead I’m a mess outside the stadium.”

“Don’t worry about it,” I told him. “Drew will kill it, like he always does. Our being gone won’t affect the outcome.”

He nodded, sniffing. “I want to support him… but I’m in no condition to be social. Not until I can make myself presentable.”

“Then let’s head somewhere where you’re comfortable.”

“You mean you won’t be cheering for him?”

I shook my head. “He’s fine, but you look like you could use some company.”

He nodded. “…And there’s nobody I’d rather spend time with like this than you.”

I smiled. “Then let’s get out of here.”

Lance walked beside me, my arm around him, as we followed the familiar steps back into the village bustling with activity. Some eliminated warriors were making their ways out of the village with drooping shoulders and plenty of physical touch from loved ones or crossed arms and their groups being spaced out. Others were sightseeing or relaxing at outdoor restaurants, spas, or cafes or running around with their companion pokémon.

To my displeasure, Aurelian was outside a coffee shop, sitting alone and enjoying a cappuccino and sweet fry bread. It made me wonder where his companions were, as he wasn’t often alone. He gave me a smirk as we passed, with the thumb of his right hand bent against his palm and his four fingers brushing his crotch. His gesture disgusted me, and I paid no mind to him as we moved away. While the water in the canals offered a soothing atmosphere to the village, it didn’t offer the privacy we needed. Rather than spend time outside where it was blistering, we returned to the hotel where the cooler air was a delightful respite, riding in the elevator in silence. With Brock with the rest of our group, their suite was empty, with plenty of privacy. I drew the shades while Lance removed his shirt and shorts and climbed into bed.

“What do you want to put on?” I asked.

“Anything,” he replied. “I don’t care.”

I searched through the movies there were to rent. One movie we hadn’t seen yet with a lot of stellar reviews was The Greatest Showman, so I put it on and removed my shirt and shorts and laid next to him.

Lance cuddled closer and laid his head on my chest, his sniffles accompanying our dialogue as we watched. The heartfelt storyline touched on many themes on our minds. How fitting it was that we were part of a tournament making a lucky warrior’s dreams come true, and the storyline captured the magic of believing in life’s possibilities. It must’ve affected Lance also, as during Zac Efron and Zendaya’s song “Rewrite the Stars”, his sobs returned, and he stood and left the room when the scene ended.

I paused the movie and heard the shower come on. The shit feeling returned, hoping my movie choice hadn’t broken his resolve to keep a handle on his feelings. I rose and moved to the bathroom, finding him submerged under the stream, searching in the hot water for some comfort from the raw emotions overtaking him.

Despite the history we shared and his usual antics, one of the most heartbreaking realities I’d witnessed was hearing every crack in Lance’s broken heart as he sobbed. It was unimaginable to me how someone could get to know the gentle, loving soul Lance possessed under his flirty, mischievous façade and still choose to break his heart.

I stepped out of my briefs and into the shower, steam floating around us as I took in the sight of a broken Lance trying to hold the broken pieces of his heart together. I put my hands on his back and massaged as he processed. After a few moments of sobbing, I stopped and hugged him from behind.

“I’m sorry,” he said between sobs. “I’m trying to be strong… but it fucking hurts.”

“Don’t be, handsome,” I replied. “I’m sorry the movie triggered it. You’re safe here to let out whatever you need to.”

He turned around and held me tight in an embrace, the showerhead aimed at his neck and spraying us both.

“I should’ve seen it. The lack of interest in his texts, the plans he broke, the birthday party he didn’t show up at. And I was blind because some of our visits together were like ecstasy. He may not believe we’re meant to be together, but nothing’s ever felt as certain to me.”

We remained this way for a while, letting his sobs run their course before he could calm himself. Despite his red, puffy eyes and mucus, Lance was still a stunning ginger fox, worthy of young trainers’ idolization and horny men who desired a taste of his carnal passion.

“Thank you for being with me, Hǔ zǐ,” he said. “I wouldn’t have known how much I needed your company until they dropped my heart. I’m so embarrassed you had to see me this way.”

“No, I won’t hear any more of it,” I replied. “Lance, your pain and emotions show how much you love that fool. It’s touching, and it only shows the person you are. Someone who deserves the world.”

He managed a smile. “Just like you. Thank you, Jake. I love you.”

I smiled back. “Love you too, you hot mess.”

I gave him a kiss before holding him tight again. We remained in our embrace a while longer before I got out, leaving him to finish up. A melody from the movie returned to me as I dried myself.

“Wow,” I heard him say.

“What?”

“I didn’t know you had such a gorgeous voice since you haven’t ever sung around me.”

“Don’t make me blush. I seldom sing… but those songs are catchy.”

“Well, I hope I hear more.”

“Watch it, you horndog,” I said, earning some chuckles before returning to the bed.

Aside from some messages from my siblings (and a check-in/update from Misty confirming Drew won his match and secured his spot in the top 12), nothing else was happening. Lance returned and hid his nakedness under the sheet with me. I filled him in before we finished the movie, both of us in tears from an upbeat ending, which I hoped put his spirit in an uplifting place.

“Fuck, Zac Efron is hot,” he said as the ending credits played, earning a chuckle.

“You think so?” I replied. “It’s reassuring to know you have someone else to drool over and not me.”

He smirked before kissing me. “Please, I wouldn’t dream of chasing that hunk. Why would I when I have you so close by?”

I shook my head before grabbing the remote. “All right, you choose something. I’m certain the group is returning to the hotel soon to rest before dinner.”

He took the remote and looked through the selection, picking another movie in which Zac starred, John Waters’ Hairspray.

“How predictable of you,” I said.

“Hey, it’s one of my favorites. Plus, the dancing might interest you.”

“Oh, you think?” I asked, giving him an inquisitive look. “Is that a challenge?”

He chuckled and gave me a smirk. “Yeah, Hǔ zǐ. I triple-Houndoom dare you to copy all the movie’s dances.”

“Oh, you’re on… but what’s the motivation for conquering the challenge?”

“My eternal love and respect?”

“Oh, please, knowing you, I already have those, and it’s your way of being stingy.”

He chuckled. “Oh, all right. You gave me a lifeline today without me knowing I needed one. I’ll offer you one in return, to be used whenever you want.”

“You have yourself a deal.”

It wasn’t long before Drew and Brock returned, bearing witness to my dancing, earning plenty of laughter and cheers, most of which came from Lance. Despite what we’d been through, seeing a grin on his face and hearing such boisterous laughter confirmed I’d succeeded in my goal of being present for him.

Once the movie ended, the guys got caught up in conversation about Drew’s battle so they could fill us in. My pokégear pinged, showing a message from Jeff.

“Hey, cutie. Give me a ring if you’re not swamped with friend duties.”

I stepped into the hallway as I let their conversation continue.

“Well, that didn’t take long,” he said when I called him.

“You had perfect timing for when our movie ended.”

“It wouldn’t be the first time. I hope this goes off without a hitch.”

“What campaign are you laboring on now?”

“Not a media campaign exactly. I’ve enjoyed our time regarding media management for the tournament, but I’d like time with you outside of work.”

“What are you suggesting?”

“C’mon, cutie, read between the lines. I’d like to take you on a date.”

“I knew you were onto something.”

He laughed. “It shouldn’t be so obvious. I’ve been into your vibe since we met, and I want to take you out and spend time with you.”

“Well, how can I refuse? When do I need to be ready?”

“Meet me in the lobby in an hour, and we’ll walk over to the restaurant.”

“Sounds good, see you then.”

I stood in the hallway with my back to the wall a moment, processing. While it conflicted part of my heart, another wanted to distance myself from my feelings and jump head first into it. There was no reason to forgo an evening with someone new, especially someone who stoked my arousal like Jeff.

“Hey, kiddo,” Drew said once I returned to the suite. “We’re gonna head out for dinner soon. The guys and I are catching a movie afterward.”

“I’m voting for Jurassic World,” Lance said. “Gotta see me some Chris Pratt.”

I smirked. “That’s very on brand for you.”

“Oh, hush, Hǔ zǐ. I need comfort today.”

“And you’re getting spoiled with it,” I said before I gave him a noogie. He retaliated by capturing me in a hug, squeezing me tight.

“Would you like to join us?” Drew asked.

“I have plans. Jeff wanted to review some media ideas for the tournament, so we’re discussing them over dinner.”

Drew’s expression changed, not crestfallen but also not hopeful. “Well, we’ll miss you tonight. Jeff’s a wonderful guy and has helped us with navigating this tournament and the area.”

I nodded. “And your success here is what motivates him, so he values my input.”

“I don’t know,” Lance said. “Something’s up. He’s too attractive to be wanting your input.”

My heart rate rose. “Oh, hush, you redheaded weasel. You’re biased and need comfort. So have a wonderful time.”

“We will, kiddo. Enjoy yourself.”

I exchanged fast hugs before I returned to our suite, seeing the hotel had returned our laundry. A relief to have fresh clothes when we were low. I showered and shaved before picking out my outfit, choosing a dark red dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up and black slacks. After polishing my shoes, I dressed and put my pokéballs on my belt before I returned to the lobby.

My heart rate rose once I was on the ground floor. I scanned the lobby and spotted Jeff in a chair, looking dashing with a thin layer of stubble and sporting a crisp white dress shirt, gray trousers, and blue dress loafers, with a double-breasted navy blue blazer completing his ensemble. Despite any conflicts, even I could appreciate how he cleaned up, his clothes conforming well to his body.

His smile brightened when he spotted me, rising when I approached.

“You look gorgeous,” he said.

“You clean up well, too,” I said.

A light blush accentuated his cheeks. “Ready?”

I nodded.

Our trek outside wasn’t as sweltering as expected, with the temperature cooling as sunset approached. Plus, with being within a five-minute walk to the Old Town district, we wouldn’t have a lengthy walk. It included hand holding, something that aroused me, but the energy coming from him felt bright and comfortable. While it wouldn’t have been my idea, with removing all events from the situation, our fingers intertwined felt right.

“Are you hungry?”

I nodded. “Did you grow up out here? You seem to know this area well.”

“Kind of,” he replied. “My family and I grew up here until I was 12. My father landed a gig of a lifetime in Los Angeles as a media executive and set up our family’s success. So while I don’t live here anymore, I visit any chance I get to come home and have fun. So both California and Arizona are home.”

We arrived at Marcellino, a popular upscale Italian restaurant.

“Table for two,” he told the maître d’. “Name should be under Marcos.”

They led us to a table in the center of the dining room, the table dressed in pale Tuscany yellow tablecloths with crimson red napkins and candles. Red brick vinyl adorned the walls, its yellow curtains drawn to keep the establishment cool and the raging summer outside a mystery. Couples, friends, and small groups filled the dining room, all enjoying scrumptious cuisine too delectable and camera-worthy to eat.

“Do you prefer white or red wine?” Jeff asked.

“Either is fine,” I replied. “I have a bit of a sweet tooth, though.”

His smile threatened to melt me. “That won’t be a problem.”

Once we’re ordered, deciding to share the Strozzaprete ai Rapini and Saffron and Squid Ink Ravioli, I wanted to learn more about him, if for nothing else to get to know the person he was.

“I know nothing about you.”

“It’s my fault,” he replied. “The tournament’s consumed all our time. I’ve asked about your life, and I’ve seldom shared about myself.”

“You’re fine, handsome. No need to be tough on yourself. You discussed where you grew up, so tell me about your family.”

“Well, to start, my family’s crazy. If you take the stereotypes of Mexican and Greek families, and add in some extra comic relief, you’d have my family.”

I smirked.

“But my parents have been together for 35 years and gave my two older brothers and older sister and me a normal, loving home.”

“Aww, so you’re the baby?”

“Yes, and they never skip the chance to remind me of it, but screw them! My parents spoiled me and not them.”

I chuckled.

“We’re a weird blend of DNA. My father’s half Greek and half Scandinavian, and my mother is a blend of Native American, Mexican, and French Canadian. So our family wasn’t ever short on delicious feasts.”

“No arguments there,” I said, “and I’m sure your siblings are as attractive as you.”

“More so.”

“Aw, so humble of you to say.”

“Well, I was chubbier than my siblings.”

“You were? I wouldn’t have guessed.”

“It’s true! I was well-fed. Once I was in high school, I started exercising, so I was a literal ugly duckling until my senior year. Through college, I slimmed down, and I now live a healthier lifestyle, to my grandparents’ dismay since I don’t indulge myself in all our favorite foods.”

“That’s wonderful. Good on you for your hard work. From what region does your last name originate?”

“Well, the truth is Marcos is a take on my middle name. I have an extensive name thanks to my parents’ ingenious idea of giving my siblings and me unique names, but my last name is difficult for others to pronounce, so my professional name is my middle name.”

“How fascinating.”

“Trust me, with a name like mine, you’d understand. If I was a journalist and had to use Jeffrey Marco Cristiano Konstantinopolites every day, I’d shoot myself.”

I chuckled. “But it’s a charming name.”

He blushed. “You flatter me. But you said your preferred name isn’t your given name?”

I nodded. “My given name is Gyeong Ji-Sun, but Jake Adams is my preferred name… without going into all my emotional baggage.”

“And equally as fascinating. And that’s… Korean?”

“Yes, and Japanese and Korean cultures trace back to China, so some words are common among Chinese-inspired languages. My siblings and I are Korean by blood but Japanese at heart.”

“Wonderful. And you were the oldest child?”

“Yes, with a younger sister and brother. It’s the best job in the world.”

“I can see why. They have a wonderful older brother to mentor them, and they’d have to adore you.”

I blushed. “I’m flattered.”

He took my hands, caressing them. “What else do you want to know?”

I pondered as we enjoyed the ambiance, my heart rate and arousal stoked by his hands holding mine.

“Let’s see. You turned 25 recently, your family’s crazy, and you and your siblings are gorgeous.”

He chuckled.

“How did you get into publicity work?”

“I’ve loved the entertainment industry since I was young, so it was my foundation, and my father’s influence helped it grow into a dream. Seeing his success inspired me to put my dream into action. So I enrolled at UCLA and earned my degree and chased what I wanted.”

“I’m so thrilled for you, and you’ve turned out well.”

“Ha, well, I’ve done my best. I’m not perfect, but life’s become enjoyable with time and hard work.”

“How so?”

“Well, coming out wasn’t a fun process. My parents accept everything now, but my coming out caused a lot of upheaval at home, and it took my parents and me years of interpersonal communication and counseling to sort through our issues.”

“That’s challenging for many of us. But you’re all on agreeable terms now?”

“Oh, we’re fantastic. We have a wonderful relationship now, and they’re keen on me settling down and starting a family.”

“With your good looks, that shouldn’t be too difficult.”

“Well, it shouldn’t, anyway. It’s been nerve-wracking to get back into the dating scene. My ex and I were together for eight years. High school sweethearts, and we dated through college. I pictured a long future together, and after graduation and setting my life up in Los Angeles, I found him cheating, and the entire future I’d planned crumbled.”

“Oh, stud, I’m so sorry. That must have been devastating for you.”

“It was… until I got out from underneath it. With some personal work, I’ve become successful and ready to pursue what I deserve.”

He kissed my hand, and I swallowed, thinking more about what he’d said and how physical contact traveled straight to my heart.

“What are you hoping for in your immediate future now that you’re here?”

He pondered a moment before responding. “I’m hoping this tournament helps launch my career even further than it already has when the Golden Aura chose our firm to represent it, and I might travel the world. My colleagues and I have been fighting over whom to represent. I’m fighting for Drew, and if my strategy is successful, then his becoming Grand Master will put my firm on a much grander profile.”

“Well, so far, your firm’s done a brilliant job,” I said.

“And I hope we can continue to collaborate. If the tournament moves how I’m expecting, I’ll need more of your expertise on how we can put the focus on Drew and direct it away from Aurelian.”

I nodded, raising my glass to him. “Here’s to the tournament and our future successes.”

“Cheers,” he replied, clinking glasses with me.

“What do you do when you’re not working or you want to relax?”

“I love getting outdoors,” he said. “And my parents own a beach house in Santa Monica. If I want to re-center myself or escape the hustle and bustle, I vacation there to recharge.”

When dinner arrived, he asked more about my life, elaborating more on my childhood, my teenage issues, and my current home life.

“Wow, you’ve had quite a journey,” he replied, “but your home life sounds lovely. I haven’t visited Japan, but now I have a reason to visit.”

I smiled. “It’s a gorgeous country. You’d fall in love fast.”

“Oh, I don’t doubt it,” he said, taking my hand again. “...if it’s anything like you.”

His words touched me, and it made navigating my feelings even more problematic. He was handsome, charming, generous, intelligent, and romantic. But we lived in distant worlds, and my world already had someone with all those qualities. The only difference is they were the only person who held my heart and someone I couldn’t live without.

After we finished, we traipsed through Old Town along the river, the mix of manmade and natural beauty a fitting background for a stroll, with the sun setting and the temperature dropping. Flowers and plants bordered the bridge as we walked, the sky now a soft midnight blue, and my gaze fell back to Jeff, our hands still interlocked.

“I’ve had a lovely time with you, Jake,” he said.

“Ditto. I can’t imagine how this evening could get any better.”

Something made Jeff’s eyes dreamier, his smile shrinking before he leaned in, our lips meeting and his arms wrapping around my torso. My eyes closed and my arousal swelled, despite my heart still holding misgivings. I couldn’t explain why sparks erupted from the same heart aching over the real person I loved. When we broke away, I was clueless about how to respond, but bringing me into his arms and holding me tight offered a momentary distraction.

“What would you like to do?” he asked when he released me, still smiling.

I tried to match it, but I was a terrible faker.

“What’s wrong, Jake?” he asked, noticing my changing expression.

I led him by the hand to a nearby bench.

I sighed. “Jeff, this was a perfect date… and I like you more than I expected.”

He squeezed my hand.

“But I don’t think I can offer you what you deserve.”

He kissed my hand, and our eyes met again.

“It was a gamble, which is why I love PR,” he replied, “but you’ve captivated me the moment I laid eyes on you. I was naïve to believe it would take. Blame it on the dreamer in me.”

“It’s not terrible to dream. Trust me, I could see myself with you… but you’re right. The distance would be an issue.”

He nodded.

“Besides… as much as I like you and find you attractive, I… have feelings for someone. Feelings I haven’t been able to shake for years.”

“Wow,” he replied. “...That’s intense. I can’t imagine how unbearable that must be to bear, Jake.”

“I still don’t know what I’ll do.”

“It’s fascinating since I’d wondered if you had some history with the redhead in your group, based on your interactions.”

I chuckled. “We do… but my feelings aren’t regarding him. We won’t ever be a couple, and it’s why we’re close friends.”

“Well, I’d imagine you’re not up to talking about them… but the fella’s lucky.”

“You think so?”

He nodded before he brought me into another kiss. “You’re an incredible person… and someone I could see myself with if circumstances were different.”

“It’s tough. I love them with all my heart… but I can’t help being attracted to you, too.”

“You are?”

I nodded, smiling.

“Well, call me crazy, but even though we’re not wanting to pursue anything enduring, it doesn’t stop us from having some fun, right? Does spending some extra time together bother you?”

The conflicted feeling returned. I loved Drew. Above anything on the planet… but I still wished I didn’t.

“It doesn’t,” I replied. “We could probably both use it.”

His smile perked up.

“So… would we head to your suite?” I asked.

“Afraid not,” he said. “I can’t host. Sharing a suite with a colleague… so I’d hate for them to discover us.”

“Right,” I said. “We don’t want that. My group is seeing a movie, so they won’t return for an hour or two. Why don’t you come back to my suite?”

“Sounds perfect.”

We retraced our steps back through the village, hands clasped, chatting as we walked, my arousal still painful as ever. I caught Aurelian’s gaze as we re-entered the lobby of our hotel, ignoring the sneer on his face as we found solace in the elevator. Once we were back on my floor, I led him to my suite and unlocked it, letting him through and closing the door behind us.

We were alone, with nobody to interrupt, giving full access to what we wanted. Our lips met, our hands searched, and items of clothing fell, leaving us in our underwear and admiring the hard work both of us had done on our fitness regimens. I led him to my bed, where our kisses grew more passionate. He ground into me, his flesh hardening along with mine, the friction exacerbating my arousal and my conflicted thoughts. Our kisses ebbed and flowed for a while as our fleshes ached and ground into each other, the carnal passion building in intensity. He gave kisses along my neck and chest, moving lower.

As his hand slipped under my waistband, I caught his hand.

“Jeff, wait.”

He looked up at me, his expression optimistic yet surprised. “Is something wrong, Jake?”

“I thought I could do this… but I can’t.”

His smile returned. “And I respect that.”

He came over to me and brought me into his arms.

“So what should we do?” I asked.

“Well, this feels wonderful,” he said, spooning against me, holding me and kissing me. “But I have an idea. Have you seen the Golden Girls?”

“Not much,” I replied. “I don’t think it caught on at home like it did here, so I haven’t seen much.”

“It’s a classic for us gays,” he said. “You’ll love it.”

Jeff found a station with it on, and we spent time cuddled up watching the show, sharing plenty of laughs and kisses.

“What a perfect way to spend the evening,” he said between episodes.

I smiled. “Couldn’t agree more. I wish it didn’t have to end.”

“Well… it doesn’t have to yet.”

It felt wonderful to be held, the television playing in the background, the endorphins, and the pasta and wine keeping the mood mellow.

I didn’t realize we’d dozed off until the door opened, with Drew and Lance catching us. There were some small gasps, but Jeff and I both awoke, shocked expressions on my friends’ faces.

“I’m sorry,” Drew said, his expression a mix between surprised and unimpressed. “We didn’t realize we were interrupting something.”

“Oh, no, I was leaving,” Jeff said, slipping back into his clothes in haste. Once dressed, he waved to me before nodding to both of them and leaving.

“Well, well, well,” Lance said, eyeing me.

“I’m not in the mood to explain,” I replied, shutting off the television. “Especially not to you, you devil.”

I holed myself in the bathroom as they exchanged some small talk, inaudible over my brushing my teeth. When I exited the bathroom, Lance had left, and Drew sat on his bed in a daze of sorts, neither enthused nor furious.

He retired to the bathroom as I got into bed and turned off my light, my companions joining me. After a few agonizing minutes, Drew returned in his shorts before getting into bed. The silence was unbearable. I wished I could’ve offered something to make the situation right. But there wasn’t.

“Drew?”

“Yes, Jake?”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t intend for us to come back here.”

“Don’t be, kiddo. I’m not mad.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, it’s no problem. Good night.”

“Night,” I replied, unsure of whether I believed him. I closed my eyes, hoping sleep would take me soon so I wouldn’t have to keep thinking over the night’s events any longer.



Chapter 14



The Sexual Tension and the Honor Challenge



The last thing I remembered was laying down to sleep with my companions, hoping the shame and guilt inside me would dissipate, but the next moment my eyes were open and I was lying on my bed in a red thong.

What the? ...I don’t own a thong, and I certainly wouldn’t wear one around our group.

There were two dozen candles scattered around our suite, all adding a gentle warmth to the darkness. Or… at least it resembled our suite. Rather than sporting two queen beds, it featured a majestic king bed with a black quilt and pearl white satin sheets, with rose petals scattered everywhere like Jackie’s Roserade had used Petal Dance to prepare for an extraordinary occasion.

What the fuck is happening?

A rich scent permeated the space, the source indistinguishable. Notes of sandalwood, tobacco, cologne, and… musk teased my nose. The combination left me with an odd yet euphoric contact high and stoked my arousal. Light music wafted from the television, despite its turned-off appearance. The sound of the shower floated in from the bathroom, but the sound ceased, and my heart rate rose.

Within seconds, the door opened, and a cloud of steam ushered Drew into the space, the smolder on his face threatening to melt me.

“Hey, sexkitten,” he said, his grin boring into me.

I choked on the giggle rising from my diaphragm and slumped into the bed, my eyes still fixed on him. “What’s happening, you Euro-Sinese god?”

He chuckled, his hands moving to his chest, his index finger and thumb tracing his nips. “Oh, yes. You keep flattering me, and I’ll be hard in no time.”

My eyes moved to his groin, still covered by the towel around his waist, a noticeable bulge forming as his fingers circled the pillows of muscle I lived to rest my head on.

“What are we celebrating?” I asked. “Aside from your fucking awesome body?”

He grinned. “We’re celebrating you, silly. You’re due for some sexy appreciation.”

The bulge in my getup grew. “I am?”

“Of course… but making love to someone as incredible as you is a tall order… and it requires help.”

Knocks at the door caught our attention, and his smolder intensified, his once angelic demeanor now darkened by a mischievous, devilish energy.

“That must be them.”

Them?!

He answered the door, returning with Lance and Jeff, also in towels, which exacerbated the flesh growing between my legs.

“Well, well, well… I don’t recall ordering a Greek or Taiwanese god, too,” I said. “I’m so thrilled they delivered them to the wrong suite.”

Their devilish grins raised the temperature, my face feeling flushed.

“That’s no surprise,” Drew quipped.

“Yeah, you’ve been eyeing us all, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance added.

“So how best to blow your mind than a Jake Adams gangbang?” Jeff said.

They dropped their towels, leaving nothing to my imagination of their god-like physiques and exacerbating my arousal that strained to be free.

“If you don’t get pregnant, there’s no hope,” Lance said, earning some snickers.

“But you’re wearing too much,” Drew said, coming closer and leaving a light kiss on my lips, the kiss alone intoxicating me.

“Let us help you, Xiǎodì,” Lance added, him and Jeff coming over and pulling apart the fabric, leaving me exposed.

“Ooo, much better,” Jeff said. “Shall we?”

“Yes, let’s,” Drew said.

Drew came closer and brought me into a passionate kiss while Lance’s and Jeff’s mouths devoured various parts of my body.

The passion grew, with their taking turns bathing me in their kisses, making rapid work of my body, and relaxing me till I was ready for lovemaking.

“The honor falls to you, Grand Master,” Jeff said.

“Nah, I want to watch my boy getting pleasured first,” he said. “You two lube him up. I’m a lot to handle, and I’m keen on rewarding him with a strong photo finish.”

Jeff giggled at the pun.

“The master has spoken,” Lance said. “You first, Media Man. Did you bring your camera?”

“Of course,” he said before eyeing me. “The media will devour this. Are you ready for the major campaign I’ve crafted for you?”

“To close this deal, you’ll have to present your best pitch,” I said.

Jeff kissed me before thrusting into me, building a rhythm while Lance snapped pictures and Drew stroked himself next to us, aroused by the sights before him. Before long, Jeff reached his climax, kissing me long one more time before he slumped over, taking the camera while Lance took his spot. Lance’s kisses were fiery and ignited my senses, the romance edging me closer to my climax, the love so familiar and comforting, but I wasn’t there yet.

Then, with Lance’s climax over and him slumping over next to Jeff, Drew came over to me, and his kisses and swift thrusts left me floored. A flawless blend of fire and love.

“You two did well,” Drew said, high-fiving them. “He’s loose and lubed up, so this’ll be the best finish.”

They both grinned in response.

My body couldn’t handle the ecstasy created from our bodies, and like an expert, he crafted it like a skilled artisan and bent me to his will. I cried out, begging for more of him and being rewarded with a plethora of kisses coating my soul and the pounding my body craved. His arms wrapped around me, sweat adhering us together as he brought me to my peak, both of us crying out before the candles snuffed out.

I awoke, to my relief, in the middle of the night in the suite I remembered. My companions snoozed, much like Drew and his companions in his bed, everyone unbothered or otherwise unaffected by the sex-fueled dream leaving me hot and bothered.

After sneaking off to the bathroom and splashing some cold water on my face, I moved to the balcony and sat outside for a while, lost in my thoughts as I watched the stars and distanced myself from the dream’s events. But with those steamy images stoking effortless arousal, I could seldom think of anything else.

I couldn’t doze off for a significant gap. When I woke, Drew had already left, leaving me to wallow in the emptiness and shame my dream and the preceding date left behind.

I needed coffee. And a hug. But, more than anything, I wanted freedom from the guilt inside me. I retrieved my pokégear from the nightstand and dialed, hoping they’d answer.

“Well, I wasn’t expecting to hear from you this morning.”

“I’m sorry, but I needed to say something.”

“What is it, Jake? Is something wrong?”

“Not exactly, but I wanted to apologize.”

“Apologize for what? Was this about last night?”

“Yeah… I’m so sorry if I led you on. I do like you, Jeff… but it comes back to the recurring feelings I mentioned to you.”

“Jake, you don’t need to apologize, and you didn’t lead me on. You were honest about those enduring feelings. Everything that happened afterward was innocent, and I still valued it as a meaningful experience, even if nothing happened.”

“You don’t know how relieved I am. I wouldn’t have ever thought we’d connect so well, especially not now.”

“I can’t imagine how it feels to travel the globe for a historic tournament, surrounded by gorgeous men, and then have to deal with me.”

“You don’t know the half of it,” I replied, earning a laugh. “But give yourself some credit. You’re adorable, and the right guy will be a lucky man.”

“You’re so sweet. What are you doing?”

“I’m still in bed, but I need to start my day. Coffee is a must as we wait for the announcement.”

“Well, I’m heading out for coffee now. I know we aren’t dating… but I’d still like to see you.”

“It’s weird… but I really want to see you, too.”

“Meet me at your group’s usual spot when you’re dressed.”

I gave my companions some fast cuddles and hopped into some clothes. Getting to see Jeff without pressure from our date reassured me nothing was wrong, and it gave us a chance to discuss something grand his firm was planning for the start of the next round, which was a dance performance to honor the four finalists. He wanted me to be the choreographer to help the dancers they recruited (and take part if I chose, if the Golden Aura chose Drew, that is). My putting together the choreography, music, and theme would help Jeff, as he still had much to plan, with his sights set on representing Drew once they announced the top 4.

Once we finished our discussion, I returned to the heart of the village, wondering how to kill time. We had the whole day to wait until they announced their choices later in the afternoon. I texted Misty to determine what we’d do, as the village had plenty of options. Once I put my pokégear away, I noticed Aurelian in the distance, sketchy and alone. His companions were nowhere to be found. Despite not knowing what he was scheming, his trying to sabotage Drew’s chances in the tournament and giving me countless lewd gestures left my spirit fuming again, and I wouldn’t stand by any longer.

When he moved, I kept my distance and followed him. We wandered through various neighborhoods, passing unique buildings and landmarks. After tailing him for 10 minutes, he’d disappeared, this part of the village hushed like a ghost town in the middle of paradise.

“Like a mothim to a flame, how easily you fall for my tricks,” came Aurelian’s voice, making me jump, turn around, and stand face-to-face with him, his frame towering over mine. “You’re easier to fool than the criminal you’re fucking.”

“I beg your pardon?” I replied. “Who said anything about fucking him?”

“Oh, come now, delicate flower,” he said. “You hang off him like a scarf when you’re together, and you’ve also been cozy with the redheaded model and that American journalist. It doesn’t require much deduction to conclude a slut like you would post stakes in every bedpost you find.”

“You’ve got a lot of nerve. Assuming I’m fucking everyone because of my orientation.”

“How would you argue that’s not the case? And why then have I caught you eyeing me every time we’re in town?”

I swallowed.

“Don’t act like you haven’t been drooling over all this,” he said, lifting his shirt and letting his chiseled stomach catch some air.

“Please, I don’t desire to fuck every man I see…”

“Not even me?”

“Not in a million years. Your body might be attractive, but your soul is as hideous and undesirable as a muk’s vagina.”

“I’m sure you wouldn’t be saying that if you were choking on this kolbasa…”

To my shock, he lowered his shorts, revealing his manhood, my body tensing from shock, imagining the humiliation and soiling Drew endured during the forest challenge. Anger flared in me, but yet my mouth watered. I despised how my body betrayed me when I needed every bit of my resolve to fight back against this bastard.

“You pediks worship cock, and your defiled mouth does a better job than any woman could...”

“Put your dick away,” I said. “I don’t care who finds you attractive. You’re nothing but scum, and in another world I’d teach you a lesson for what you’ve put my mentor through.”

He chuckled as he made himself decent.

“As if you were worthy of such a privilege. Besides, thin-veiled threats don’t faze me. I’m in this tournament to defeat formidable opponents, not entertain puny, caterpie pediks who have others fight their battles for them.”

“Not to discredit your misogynistic delusion of grandeur, but I’m a Gym Leader at home, mentored by the best in my region, so I’m no pushover. I’d trounce you… and it would showcase your poor character to the entire world.”

“I’d love to see the day,” he said. “Care to back up those words?”

“Of course. I’d love to beat the pants off you.”

He chuckled again. “Anything to make my cock more accessible. So where can I humiliate you?”

“Phenac Stadium. It should be desolate, and it’s the ideal place to humiliate you.”

“As you wish. Care for a scant wager?”

It wasn’t bound to be advantageous, but the adrenaline coursing through my veins canceled out any sensible judgment. “Sure. What’re your terms?”

“If I win, then you need to suck my cock like the pedik you are.”

The conflicted feeling in my body returned.

“But if you’re too petrified, maybe you should flee to your mentor with a sob story of how intimidating I am.”

“Please, I’ve had hemorrhoids more intimidating than you. You’ve got a deal, but you need to suck my dick if I win. To teach you that cocksuckers aren’t less worthy of dignity than you self-righteous punks. Let’s hope your gag reflex isn’t sensitive.”

“That’s the worst wager I’ve ever heard,” he said, his frown annoyed. “Why would I even consider that?”

“Would you rather suck my mentor’s thicker, fatter dick? It would make you much more masculine.”

The cringe my image brought to him gave me so much pleasure, much like how the sight of my body disgusted Silver. I relished it all.

“On second thought, I accept. You won’t win, so you won’t have the chance to spring your chode on me.”

“We’ll just see,” I said. “And trust me, I don’t want your mouth anywhere near me. I’d rather punch you in the face if I win, to turn over the payback my mentor wouldn’t return.”

“My, how gutsy of you,” he said, smirking.

“If you agree, then meet me on the battlefield in 15 minutes. If you wimp out, then consider it a forfeit.”

He smirked. “Not on your life, pedik. Prepare to be trounced.”

We parted, and I sped back to town, moving past villagers once I was back in the central village. My pokégear pinged from a message from Jeff, which I read fast.

I just had an idea for the next round. Where are you?

“Heading to Phenac Stadium to kick Aurelian’s ass. I’d hate for you to capture it on camera for the media to see. ;)”

As I pressed “Send”, my pokégear rang, so I answered as I walked.

“Where are you?,” came Misty’s voice.

“I’m on my way to Phenac Stadium. I ran into Aurelian, and it’s personal. I’m kicking his ass.”

“Wait! Is this a fight? Or a battle?”

“A battle, though I’d love to hurl a few punches. Meet me there.”

“On my way! Don’t start without me!”

I ran back to my suite, grabbed my backpack before returning to the village, climbed the steps, spotted Misty, and rushed to intercept her on the outskirts of the stadium’s prominent staircase.

“Ohmygoodness, Jake, what happened?” she asked.

I filled her in as we made it to the plateau and walked toward the stadium.

“So it’s personal,” I said, finishing. “I won’t lose to that motherfucker.”

“What a disgusting, misogynistic excuse for a warrior,” she said. “You’ll take him, I know it. Who are you using?”

“Since this is a water battlefield, I’m using Milotic and sending a torrent his way.”

“Then take this,” she said, taking Gyarados’ pokéball off her necklace.

“Misty…”

“You can do this,” she said. “You have a bond no other friend of mine has with it. And with both together, you’ll be unstoppable. So challenge him to a double battle and annihilate him.”

I took it and nodded. “I’ll make you and our gyms proud.”

Nobody manned the booths, so we hopped over the divide, Misty taking the staircase into a box while I proceeded through the aisle leading to the stadium. Its beauty came back and enriched my senses. I felt alive again, no longer a guest or bystander. Once again a Gym Leader, I had a score to settle. I took my place on the battlefield, nothing but water and a half dozen platforms floating in the giant pool, the giant ice feature catching the light filtering into the stadium and shining a light blue over the space.

Misty sat in one of the audience boxes nearby, and I glimpsed Jeff in another box further away, the stadium desolate and hushed, an unusual occurrence from what we were used to. I removed my shirt and tossed it on the ground. I took my bag, rifled through it, and found my key stone glove. Thinking of Drew and his influence and mentoring, I slipped my glove on, tossing my backpack where my shirt sat.

“Looking good!” Misty shouted from the box.

I smiled and waved to her, waiting for my opponent to arrive, tossing my pokéballs in succession and catching them.

After some waiting, Aurelian made his way into the stadium, his swagger brewing disgust and my resolve coming back to the forefront of my thoughts.

“Well, now. Feeling confident, are we, naked boy?”

“I’m not here to play,” I replied, activating both pokéballs, one in each hand. “Are you ready to lose?”

He smirked before removing his shirt.

“Hell no. Are you gonna make me remove my shorts too?”

“Gross, not on your life,” I replied. “Please… keep them on. Nobody wants to see anything.”

“You won’t be saying that later. Oh, and I see we have company? Shit, I made the wager with the wrong person.”

He waved to Misty, which didn’t yield the response he wanted.

“Please, she has even less interest in sucking your dick than I do. She has standards… not to mention a fiancé.”

“Regardless, let’s hope she enjoys the show,” he said, his menace returning. “And let’s hope you’re not embarrassed at having to honor your wager here with an audience.”

“I won’t have to,” I replied. “I came to fight, and I’m ready to beat your ugly mug.”

“Suit yourself. Looks like a double battle is what you’re after.”

“Does it meet your standard, Your Lowness?”

“Please, pedik, rookies in my country start with double battles. It’s child’s play. I’m interested in something far more taxing. Can you contend with this?”

He took three pokéballs off his belt and tossed them.

His teammates emerged on three of the floating platforms among the water, the energy forming into an empoleon, a floatzel, and a zoroark. They looked formidable, and not only was the triple battle a surprise, but they weren’t part of the five teammates he’d revealed so far in his qualifying matches.

My strategy needed to expand, but yet I returned him a fierce gaze to cover my shock. I took Manectric’s pokéball off my belt and tossed out all three, with Milotic and Misty’s gyarados appearing in the water at my sides and Manectric on a platform in front of me.

“Not what I expected. Are those serpents truly your pokémon?”

“You have a lot of nerve. It doesn’t matter if they are. This bonded duo will annihilate you.”

“Don’t get your thong in a knot,” he replied. “Milotic is an obvious choice for a pedik like you. But I wasn’t expecting one of your partners being a gyarados.”

“Every time you speak, your assumptions prove you’re nothing but an asshole. Let me be clear: my being gay doesn’t stop me from being a strong trainer. Now, give me your best shot because I’m holding nothing back.”

“Oh? And how do you intend to support that claim? I hardly think you’re strong enough to command a pokémon as violent as a gyarados.”

Gyarados bent down, letting me stroke its fins, hoping an affectionate act would break the stereotype that a trainer can’t control a gyarados. I’d grown to care for Gyarados since Misty and I became friends, and it was the only pokémon belonging to a friend that trusted my abilities as a trainer.

“Let’s hope that settles that matter, so hold on to your pants because I’m using all the firepower at my disposal to incinerate your cockiness.”

“You better be ready,” he said, smirking. “Firepower isn’t everything. Your serpents might be strong, but brute strength doesn’t win battles. My speed will confound you. Floatzel, Ice Fang on Gyarados!”

Floatzel dove into the water and sped through before approaching Gyarados, its fangs luminescent with blue energy.

“Bring it on, motherfucker! Milotic, use Protect! Manectric, Electric Terrain!”

Milotic shone a luminous blue and blocked the attack, protecting its partner as yellow energy emanated from Manectric, covering the battlefield with a yellow glow while also causing damage to Aurelian’s pokémon.

“How cute, but not enough to intimidate me, pedik,” Aurelian spat.

“That’s what you think,” I replied. “Gyarados, Hurricane!”

Gyarados opened its mouth, and a colossal gale erupted from it, bringing the battlefield into chaos as it aimed at Empoleon.

Aurelian smirked.

“Empoleon, dodge with Waterfall and follow up with Aqua Jet on Manectric! Zoroark, help it out with Night Slash in a double onslaught!”

Empoleon plunged into the water and rode a wave rising 50 feet above the battlefield to dodge before the water surrounded it and it barreled fast toward Manectric. In likely fashion, Zoroark vaulted off its platform, glowing with a black-purple energy as it approached Manectric.

“Manectric, dodge Empoleon with Agility! And counter Zoroark with Wild Charge!”

In a flash, Manectric skipped between the platforms in the blink of an eye, dodging Empoleon as it struck the water. Then, it launched off the battlefield surrounded with yellow energy as it collided with Zoroark with a flash, red sparks covering it as it returned to the ground.

The smirk on Aurelian’s face didn’t change and only raised my blood’s temperature. My facial expression only seemed to intensify it.

“Gyarados, Rain Dance! Milotic, Hydro Pump on Zoroark!”

Gyarados let out a roar, and the sky above the battlefield darkened with clouds, with rain falling onto the battlefield, the electric glow around the battlefield crackling as water made contact.

“Empoleon, intercept with Swords Dance! Floatzel, use Whirlpool on the battlefield! Zoroark, use Night Slash again on Manectric!”

As Milotic shot off a torrent of water, Empoleon leapt in front of Zoroark and spun like a top, propelling the water away from it and amplifying its power. As Zoroark vaulted into the air, surrounded by black-purple energy again, Floatzel plunged into the water and swam at turbo speed, turning the surrounding water into surging rapids. They affected Milotic and Gyarados, so they couldn’t remain placid where they were.

“Don’t fight it,” I told them. “Surrender to the flow and dive under the water. Manectric, use Wild Charge again!”

As my teammates dove under the water, Manectric collided with Zoroark, causing another burst of light to form as Manectric sustained more damage. Both pokémon landed on the battlefield, and I became more disgusted with Aurelian’s smirk.

“What?” he asked. “Aren’t you having fun?”

“I came here for a fight. Are you planning to take this seriously?”

He chuckled before his smirk returned. “Forgive me for being bored, but I was expecting so much more from you. So I have no desire to make the effort if I’m not entertained.”

My blood boiled, and my hatred grew.

“Well, I’m not playing around,” I replied. “I will teach you a lesson not to underestimate me.”

He let out a yawn. “I’ll believe it when I see it.”

That was it. I wouldn’t allow myself to be toyed with anymore, and my hand rested on my key stone.

“Trust me, you will. I’ve dealt with so much adversity and other’s judgment that someone like you doesn’t scare me one bit. It’s time you learned to show respect for your opponents instead of disparaging them.”

He chuckled. “And you’re my enlightened teacher who helps me uncover a breakthrough? Please, pedik, the only thing you’ll be doing is gagging on my cock after you lose.”

He left me no choice.

“You’ll be forced to see it one way or another. Now, Manectric and Gyarados, help me teach this neanderthal some respect. Mega evolve!”

Gyarados appeared out of the water and, along with Manectric, glowed white. Manectric’s form grew before the light faded and its mega form stood before me. Gyarados’ form remained the same size, but its body was now covered by more black and red scales, and its fins grew huge. I hoped he was ready for more firepower because I was fed up with his bullshit.

His expression didn’t change, which only fueled my desire to blast him to pieces.

“Now, Manectric, use Discharge on Milotic! Milotic, counter with Mirror Coat!”

With the added help of our terrain, Manectric shot a mighty surge of electricity at Milotic, who glowed a yellow-orange, redirecting the attack back at double its power while being weakened. But with Manectric’s mane, it absorbed the electricity to heighten its own power.

“Is somebody trying to be tactful?” Aurelian asked.

“Hush and watch,” I replied. “Now, Manectric, use Thunder on his entire team!”

It glowed golden yellow and sent a massive surge of electricity into the clouds before even larger thunderbolts erupted out of the sky.

“A solid attempt, but that’s not enough to make me sweat,” Aurelian said. “Empoleon and Floatzel, dodge with Aqua Jet. Zoroark, dodge with Detect.”

To my dismay, each pokémon moved out of the line of fire, missing every attack.

“Milotic, use Recover! Gyarados, give his team your best Hyper Beam!”

As Milotic glowed gold and replenished its energy, Gyarados fired off a magnificent energy attack at Aurelian’s team.

“If you wanna play tough, pedik, so be it. Empoleon, intercept with Bide! Zoroark, hit Empoleon with Dark Pulse. Floatzel, hit it with Aqua Tail!”

I watched as Empoleon glowed white as it absorbed all three attacks, its aura becoming a crimson red.

“Now, Empoleon, give this pedik all you’ve got!”

As soon as he gave the order, an enormous beam of white energy shot out from its body toward my team. I wouldn’t let him take the lead.

“Milotic, cover Gyarados with Protect! Manectric, counter with Hyper Beam!”

Milotic shielded Gyarados and glowed blue as Manectric shot off a mighty attack to counter Empoleon’s, resulting in a massive explosion rocking the whole stadium. The smoke cleared after several heart-pounding moments. Our pokémon were still standing, despite some sustained damage.

However, we were no longer alone. A tournament official now stood on the sidelines, watching us and looking stern and unamused.

“This battlefield is closed!” he shouted to us, “so this battle is over! Clear out immediately or you’ll be disqualified!”

When I took in our surroundings, Misty and Jeff hid themselves or left to remain undetected.

“Fuck,” was all I could say to suppress my rage.



Chapter 15



The Transformation and the Monumental Announcement



I called my pokémon back and looked with disgust at my opponent, so close to victory yet so far away, his expression devious and smug as he exited the stadium without tasting the defeat his worthless ass deserved. The tournament official stood on the sidelines, waiting for me to leave, defiant and unyielding. I turned and stormed off the battlefield, my eyes shut to keep any tears from escaping as I stormed down the corridor. Once I was outside the stadium, I stopped at the steps, watching the motherfucker re-enter the village and wishing the anger inside me would release rather than leaving me to shake with fury.

To my relief, my friends being present distracted me.

“I’m so sorry, Jake,” Misty said, her hand on my shoulder. “If they hadn’t stepped in, you would’ve trounced him.”

“We won’t ever know,” I replied, my hand laying on hers, with Jeff taking my other hand. “And that smug motherfucker escaped and learned nothing.”

“They may have cut it short, but you still rose to the challenge and gave him a serious fight,” Jeff said. “Drew will handle him. And besides, we captured plenty of footage, and there are plenty of great shots of you.”

I smiled, but it evaporated fast.

“C’mon,” I said, “let’s regroup - the less I dwell on this, the better.”

We trekked the steps, not strenuous since the heat wasn’t in effect yet. We walked through the village, silence between us aside from the normal chatter and bustling from the village’s activities. Once we returned to the lobby of our hotel, we ran into Saundra, Ken, Brock, and Lance.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said, hugging me.

“We were about to grab lunch,” Brock said. “Drew finished his interview and will meet us at the restaurant.”

“Care to join us?” I asked Jeff. “We’ll need eye witnesses to tell the group what happened.”

He smiled. “If it supports you, Jake, sure.”

We left the lobby and returned to the village. Lance elbowed me as we walked, a smirk on his face.

“So whatcha doing with Mr. Hunky?” he whispered to me.

I smacked him upside the head. “I’ll tell you this once, Blackthorn. There’s nothing between us. Nothing happened last night. I confronted Aurelian, and he and Misty are eyewitnesses.”

“What happened?” he asked.

“Patience, Mr. Thirsty,” I replied. “We’ll explain later.”

He chuckled before wrapping his arm around me, remaining there until we reached the restaurant.

Drew joined us after we took a table.

“How’d everything go, Xiǎodì?” Lance asked.

“Yeah, was the interview fruitful?” Brock asked.

He nodded, a slight smile on his face. “It was life-changing.”

“Well, spill!” Lance said, earning some chuckles for our group. “And leave nothing out this time.”

“Fine,” Drew said. “Here’s what happened.”

~Drew’s POV~

The feeling inside me was surreal. My third match was over, securing my place in the top 12. I didn’t strive for it, but my group was so thrilled it was hard not to participate. My mind raced and my heart pounded after my match concluded, and it took me a long time to fall asleep that night, a great deal of thoughts still unresolved.

After grabbing breakfast, showering, and brushing my teeth, the Golden Aura asked me to come to Phenac Village’s Zen garden to meet with them, a rite of passage extended only to the top 12 trainers. The invitation had advised me to wear what I felt most comfortable in, so I went barefoot and wore my same training pants I’d worn for 10 years, signifying my new mindset and growth since my exoneration, with all ten of my pokéballs secured to my waist. Since I was in the last battle, I assumed I was also the last trainer they met with before deliberating on their picks before their announcement at the second round’s concluding ceremony that evening.

The Zen garden was within the underground level of the Prestige Training Center, a gorgeous building with Polynesian inspiration, housing a school for aspiring trainers and battlefield for battle demonstrations. From what I heard, the Zen garden was the underground environment where their pokémon lived, but the city repurposed it for the tournament.

I stepped into the lobby, housing a welcome table, beyond which were three hallways: one leading to the school, one to the Zen garden, and the other leading to the battlefield.

“Morning, Drew,” Justy said, bowing to me, which I returned. “We’ve been expecting you. Please follow me.”

I followed him, observing the limestone tile and sand-colored paint on the walls as we followed the center hallway to the elevator. Justy slid an ID card before the internal mechanics whirred and spun. Within a few seconds, the elevator door opened for us.

“Everyone is waiting and ready for you. Congratulations, and best of luck to you.”

“Thank you,” I replied, bowing to him before the doors shut.

I pressed the button labeled “U” and swallowed, taking several deep breaths as the elevator moved downward. Goosebumps covered my skin as we reached the bottom level, the doors opening and cool air entering the car. The climate was much more pleasant than the ground floor.

The space reminded me so much of the Viridian Gym, natural light filtering in from skylights built into the ground above us. Lush trees and vegetation thrived here, with the space separated into four quadrants. On my left was a sandy, rockier terrain, to its right a marsh terrain. Following it was a greener, lush terrain with a waterfall falling into a small pond, adding a serene sound to the space, and following it was a forest terrain, on which the elevator sat. In this section was the Golden Aura, all 33 members sitting in a grand circle with bronze robes, with Ping, in his gold robe, sitting in the center.

Once I took in the full sight before me, my heart rate rose again, my mouth dry and tear ducts burning. I took modest steps as I scaled the concrete staircase and moved to the grass. Despite all my life experience and how far I’d come in their tournament, my body refused to cooperate in keeping my emotions contained. Tears coated my cheeks as I edged closer to their circle, and I tried my best to keep my chest from quivering.

As I stepped into the circle through a space between members, Ping’s eyes aligned with mine, his smile exacerbating the emotions spilling out of me.

I sat in front of him, and he beckoned me to move closer. As I scooted, I was right in front of him, and his hands took mine, only breaking the levee placed on my emotions, my tears coming forth much easier.

“My child, it’s an honor to have you with us,” he said. “We’ve anticipated this conversation, especially after the Seer said so many wonderful things about you. You’ve done well, so why do these tears accompany you today?”

I tried to speak, but my emotions were hard to contain. I tried again, attempting to get on top of them.

“For the longest time, all I’ve wanted was to feel worthy,” I said, trying to keep my composure level. “Ten years ago, my life changed forever after my exoneration for the crimes my family’s organization committed, acts of darkness I complied with or failed to stop. Even with my freedom, I didn’t feel worthy of the title awarded to me, despite my loved ones and my mentors telling me I needed to own my identity as a hero. It’s taken me until today to believe that…”

Ping nodded.

“When I received your invitation, that same thought returned, and the opinions of the other warriors exacerbated it. I put on a confident façade for everyone, but deep inside, it ate at me. But now that thought’s left.”

“And what do you believe has changed that thought for you, my child?”

“...I feel seen,” I replied, tears filling my eyes again. “Ever since you spoke at the first ceremony in Agate Village, your words captivated me. Like I wasn’t a stranger, and our shared heritage gave a sense of family to your words. They pierced me. Now that I’m here, I finally believe I’m worthy. Being in your presence and speaking to you is my greatest accomplishment. If nothing else were to happen and I returned home tomorrow, I would treasure this experience forever and take home the lessons I’ve learned to boost my community.”

The smile on his face warmed me as I tried not to break any further.

“My child, what you’ve learned and accepted was all we ever wanted since the day we first learned of your heroic acts. Your story captivated us all, and as we thought more about what our future held, we knew we needed to enlist noble members into our society, not only to grow but to show the world what true bravery and strength look like. A sage man named Kahlil Gibran once said, ‘Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.’ Since you see what we have from the beginning, you’ve won a prize no money on earth could quantify.”

I took a hand and wiped my eyes, sniffing hard, before returning my gaze back to him.

“I can’t thank you enough. Being here is the highest honor.”

“The pleasure is ours,” Ping said. “Our time together will not be strenuous. We will first ground ourselves, and then I will ask questions to gauge essential qualities we seek for our Grand Master. My brethren have provided questions already, so while they may not speak today, they will listen not only to your words but also your heart, your aura, and your spirit.”

I nodded.

“Do you feel okay enough to continue? If not, we can see you after some self-care.”

“Thank you,” I said. “No, I’m okay.”

“Good,” he replied. “Now, let us begin.”

I wiped my eyes and sat in a lotus position, re-centering myself like I’d done tens of thousands of times before, clearing my mind and being mindful of my breathing. To my relief, my body eased into a relaxed baseline, my heart rate level and my overabundance of thoughts now put away and managed.

“Excellent, my child,” Ping said, smiling. “We’d like to continue the conversation we began a few moments ago. From what you’ve shared, reconciling your identities has been a tough challenge for you, and it’s a reality many of us in the Golden Aura face as well.”

I nodded. “I would’ve never expected the tournament to be the vehicle for that reconciliation. Receiving an invitation meant my life would change forever, but I didn’t know in what ways that would manifest. But, yes, it’s been difficult reconciling many of my identities, with my past in Team Rocket and being mixed race being two of the hardest to tackle.”

“Yes,” Ping replied. “Those alone carry such agonizing weights that being able to settle them for yourself, let alone allowing yourself to sit in the despair they created and listen, takes even the strongest warrior much patience and courage to conquer.”

I nodded.

“And, while this may not seem as relevant, I take it whatever you’ve tried to keep secret from others is another battle you’ve resisted?”

While it surprised me he discerned it, all the wisest around me had a knack of identifying it.

“Yes, and while it’s not the most comfortable topic, Your Highness, I will answer anything you wish so nothing is hidden between us.”

“Our intent isn’t to make you uncomfortable, but I appreciate your willingness to be transparent. I’ll only ask this: has this contributed to your hesitance to accept the totality of who you are and vulnerability with loved ones?”

I paused as I considered his question, his facial expression neutral but kindness remaining in his eyes as he observed me.

“To a slight degree, yes. It’s still something new. With everything in my past, that wasn’t my focus compared to my moving on and growing into a kinder, courageous, stronger person. So this identity is an afterthought. I don’t so much see it as being ashamed of it, but more so I’m wary of the consequences it brings for my loved ones when the truth is free.”

“Ah, yes, I see. The Seer mentioned that to us. The concept of wanting family, happiness, and the love we deserve.”

I nodded. “The last thing I want to do is hurt them, but they make me my best, and I’d die to protect them.”

“Is this all keeping you from living the life you desire?”

“Yes. I’ve had plenty of time to ponder it, and my decision will make itself known soon. I can’t keep fleeing from it. When the moment strikes, my life’ll change, and hopefully for the best.”

“So is your desire for love all you’re seeking outside the tournament?”

“Yes, Your Highness. I don’t desire material items, for I have all I need - a community standing by and relying on me, and it’s been all I’ve needed to fight as hard as I do. But that elusive gift of love is all my heart desires.”

Ping smiled. “So as you’ve stated already, if you traveled home tomorrow, you’d see this trip as a life-changing one and cherish it for what it was for you.”

“Absolutely,” I said. “This trip has helped me grow closer to my loved ones, and we’ve all benefited from traveling across the globe for this historical event. If nothing else happens after this moment, I’d return home joyful and continue seeking what my heart desired before - making a difference in my community.”

“A thoughtful answer, my child. Before the tournament, you had doubts about your career choice, but with the experiences you’ve had since, is the road ahead of you clearer?”

“Yes, Your Highness. I have a clearer idea of my career path once I return home.”

“Wonderful. I’d like to look at some hypotheticals, and I appreciate your honesty with them.”

I nodded.

“You mentioned the invitation to our tournament changed your life forever, so I’d like to know: what led you to enter our tournament?”

“I took it as a sign my journey to become the best person and warrior had another crucial stop. I’ve spent the last 10 years striving for that, and the invitation was not only recognition of my progress but also a ticket to the best final exam imaginable. So I entered because I believed proving I’d mastered all the lessons presented to me during my journey would help me fulfill my destiny.”

“And if we choose you for the semifinals, what is your motivation for winning?”

“It would only be for my community. I owe everything to it, and winning would mean so many things for me. Bringing honor to it, where I once was a criminal, and showing the world surviving abuse and battling mental health issues doesn’t keep you from aspiring to greatness and living out your dreams. It also means I can bury my dead father’s name so I don’t carry his legacy on my identity anymore.”

“I see. And I take it your last name is one you don’t wish to carry any longer?”

I nodded. “My mother gave it to me out of fear, but if I had to choose, I wouldn’t keep it.”

“And what would you go by, should you change your name?”

“I’d take my mother’s name, Heaston, and I’d wear it with pride because of the incredible woman she is and her wonderful family I’ve bonded with.”

He nodded, pondering.

“And, as a human, in a system in which money is a flawed but needed system, winning also allows me to take care of my loved ones.”

“Yes, those are all noble ambitions,” Ping replied. “This is a question we ask every warrior. Should we crown you as the Grand Master, how would you direct the use of the prize money?”

“I would invest it.”

“In what ways?”

“I’d use it to bolster my community. And that reaches beyond my hometown. Kanto has played such a role in my journey. I’d like to invest in it and help it improve. But, more so, I’d use the money to build something in my hometown, like an institute molded and shaped into a mecca of higher learning.”

“And would you keep any of it for yourself?”

“Maybe a portion, but I don’t intend to pocket anything that can serve my communities.”

“And would you be stepping into a teaching role in this vision?”

“That’s where my heart is leading. But maybe not right away. I love learning, and so it’s only fitting I carry on what I’ve enjoyed doing, which is teaching and mentoring trainers but also young minds who would like to learn more about the world around them.”

Ping smiled. “And the Crown comes with an enormous responsibility. Your vision will impact the next generations and international diplomacy. Are you ready to step into this role and engage with global leaders to uphold our tenets and protect world peace and end senseless fighting?”

I nodded. “I am, Your Highness.”

“And, as Grand Master, are you open to collaborating with the warriors who have slandered your name throughout this tournament?”

“As Grand Master, I would want to partner with the strongest and wisest in every country signing onto our global membership. If I cross paths with them, of course I’d offer an opportunity to align for the greater good of our earth, but I can’t speak to if any of them would be open to it.”

He nodded. “A diplomatic choice. Many haven’t taken to your demeanor or wanted to align with you. You’ve been diplomatic for the cameras, but what would you say to them?”

“I wish they’d reconsider. But I’m here for a mission, not a popularity contest. Their tactics don’t bother me, as being raised in Team Rocket broke me of any notions of being controlled, fazed, or affected by others’ mistreatment. I’m here to assume a position of great importance. There’s much to be done. If they don’t want to take part, then that’s their choice.”

“So what makes you the most qualified contestant to be crowned as Grand Master?”

“My service to the community and my desire to be a lifelong learner. I may not be the best martial artist, the best warrior, or the best trainer, but I seek to further enlighten and improve myself and my community every day. So, as Grand Master, that’s my mindset as we set out to change the world.”

“And what would you envision for the Golden Aura under your reign?”

“Collaboration with any country who desires peace and betterment and the willingness to lead by example through diplomacy and compassion. We won’t achieve our goals overnight, but if we band together and persist in the face of adversity, we will conquer evil and accomplish all we set out to do.”

“Yes, an ambitious yet noble goal. A favorite quote from my grandchildren’s favorite movie Mulan comes to mind. ‘The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest of them all.’”

I nodded. “It’s a lovely sentiment.”

“Yes, my child, and if I summarize how we’ve considered you, you are that wisdom’s living embodiment.”

I smiled, trying to keep my emotions together.

“To shift gears, I have more of a humble question: what is your worst trait, and how do you combat it?”

I couldn’t help chuckling, which seemed to be contagious with Ping.

“If you asked my loved ones, this would be such a simple question. I’m too stubborn for my own good, which explains why I’ve resisted accepting my identities and love for so long. I’ll conquer it by being mindful and surrounding myself with loving people so my vision isn’t clouded and I’m kept on the noble path.”

Ping nodded. “Well, that’s all the questions we had for you, my child. We’ve enjoyed this time together, so you’re welcome to continue with your day, and our announcement will come at our closing ceremony this evening.”

“Thank you for your time,” I replied, bowing, his hands holding mine. “I’ll cherish this moment forever.”

~Jake’s POV~

“You did it again, you bastard,” Lance said. “You left details out again.”

“What are you yammering on about, Rustbush?” Drew asked, unamused at Lance’s tactic.

“You said there were no distractions when the Golden Aura asked you… but I’m not buying it. Your body language tells a contradictory story.”

“Believe whatever you want. It doesn’t make it any more true.”

“Yeah, Lance, lay off him,” Brock said.

“Oh, all right, I’ll drop it, but I want to hear more about Jake’s story. What happened this morning, Hǔ zǐ?”

With help from Misty and Jeff, I retold the group about my altercation with Aurelian, leaving out the vulgar parts but leaving everything else intact.

“Well done, Jake!” Saundra said.

“You have guts,” Lance said. “I would’ve wanted to clobber him, too.”

“Yeah, well, I didn’t get my chance,” I replied. “I defended Drew and gave him a tough fight, so that’s all I cared about. But I missed my chance to humiliate him.”

Drew said nothing, but he managed a smile.

“So what do you plan on doing until the announcement?” Lance asked Drew.

“I need some self-care,” Drew replied. “Care to join me?”

“Sure,” Lance replied. “What about you, Jake?”

“I’ll have to pass,” I said. “We’re holding a rehearsal for our dance showcase, so we need to make sure the dancers know the routine.”

Drew, Brock, and Lance rose from the table.

“We’ll see you all later,” Drew said.

Drew rustled my hair before they left, leaving us with the rest of the group.

“We should get moving, too,” I said, looking at my pokégear. “We’ll find everyone at the closing ceremony.”

I gave hugs to everyone else before Jeff and I made our way back outside. We migrated to a nearby hotel offering us their largest ballroom for practice. While we waited for our dancers, Jeff and I sat in the middle of the floor.

“Before we start, I wanted to offer you some new opportunities,” Jeff said.

“Like what?”

“Well, you’ve done a phenomenal job with the choreography, so I wanted to offer you some extra perks, if you’re open to them. Why don’t you join the dancers for the showcase tomorrow night?”

“You’re kidding! Me? Join them?!”

“Why not? You’re the mastermind behind the routine, and you deserve to be onstage to mesmerize the world.”

I blushed. “That’s a tremendous honor.”

“You’d kill the performance and have a blast.”

“Well… okay. I’ll do my best to nail our moves today alongside our dancers.”

“Great, and there’s something else, too. If Drew’s chosen to move forward, there’ll be another routine to plan. The Golden Aura wants all four semifinalists to perform their own showcases before the semifinals determine which finalists head to the championship round.”

“Wow… and you want me to choreograph it?”

“It’s the smartest choice, and he’d benefit from your innovative muse and dazzle the audience. I have some ideas, but you’re the brain we need to make it a smash.”

I smiled. “You can count me in. What did you have in mind?”

“We need it to be as theatrical as possible. Aerial tricks, pyrotechnics, magic tricks, whatever it is, and I guarantee Aurelian and the other semifinalists’ showcases will be drab in comparison.”

I smirked. “I like how you think. And we can bring your vision to life, as Drew has a secret talent the public hasn’t seen yet.”

“What? He has magical powers?”

My smirk grew.

“Wait, he does?”

I nodded. “He’s psychic, so he can teleport and control objects. So he’s the magician you’re looking for.”

“Wow. Well, this unveils so many possibilities.”

“Then we have much to do. But we’ll need to pick the right music. I follow American music to an extent, but I’d value your opinion, too, since you were raised in this culture.”

“We need to dramatize Drew’s negative media profile,” Jeff said, smirking. “A popular artist here has some darker music out that’s perfect for his choreography. Are you a Taylor Swift fan?”

“I am,” I replied.

“Her album Reputation is dark and a profound allegory for Drew’s image that others are perpetuating. Leave the music to me, and a friend of mine will provide the treatment those songs and Drew deserves. The audience won’t know what hit them.”

“Have I already said how attractive this devious side makes you?”

He snickered before kissing me on the cheek. “Later, cutie. You have a routine to rehearse.”

I sighed. “Whatever. But when we’re done, we’re mapping out his showcase.”

“You have yourself a deal.”

~ ~ ~

After we finished our rehearsing and planning, we grabbed a fast dinner before we rushed to Phenac Stadium, taking seats with our group with no time to spare. A gold and bronze tarp draped over something on the battlefield captivated our eyes, which Jeff guessed were objects associated with the top four. With minor delay, the drum beats began, signaling the Golden Aura’s entrance into the space. Once they’d filed in, all in formation behind Ping, silence blanketed the stadium, awaiting the news that would make history.

“Good evening, and welcome to the closing ceremony for our tournament’s second round. We’ve witnessed terrific battles pushing the competition to its limits, and after meeting with our top 12 and deliberating among ourselves, we’ve come to a decision.”

I swallowed, hearing nothing around us as the crowds waited.

“Tomorrow, our four semifinalists and their guests will depart for the Realgam Tower in Phoenix for the final round of our tournament. We thank each one of you for being here, as you are deserving of honor and praise if you are returning home.”

I looked at our groupmates, joining hands or placing them on Drew as we waited.

“This was a tough decision, but we believe we know who our Grand Master will be. Still, after much discussion, we’ve chosen our top four semifinalists.”

The drum beats began again in a drum-roll fashion, raising my heart rate and bringing more tension to the air. My mouth was dry, my vision narrow, and everything around me moved in slow motion. Two of the members lifted the tarp off the hidden objects and let it fall, revealing portraits of the four semifinalists.

”Our four semifinalists are Jing Qiang Chen of China, Manu Balakrishna of India, Aurelian Borisyuk of Russia, and Andrew Brown of Japan!”

Cheers erupted from the crowds, and our group burst into a fit of hysteria as we cheered and cried and gave a group hug to Drew, who was, as expected, in tears. It took us and the surrounding crowd minutes to settle ourselves, but Drew’s tears remained.

“We thank you so much for having us here in your wonderful village. Those heading home will receive your itineraries from the mayor’s office upon checkout. In the same manner, all semifinalists and guests will receive your new itineraries at checkout, and we look forward to welcoming you to Realgam Stadium for what we anticipate is the most spectacular and monumental ending to a tournament in modern history.”

Once the ceremony ended, we couldn’t return to the hotel without stopping for hugs and passing Drew around and holding him tight. We couldn’t contain our joy, especially Drew, who looked the happiest he’d been in years. After saying our good nights to everyone, Drew and I retired to our suite. 

After a shower, I laid on my bed, previous thoughts returning. I looked over at Drew, smiling still, thinking about the recent announcement, but when he caught my gaze, sadness took refuge in his eyes.

I caught it, the previous night’s events front and center in my mind again.

“Drew, can we chat?”

He nodded.

“I’m so sorry for what happened last night.”

“Jake, you don’t need to be sorry.”

“But I am. I felt so ashamed when I saw your face. It hasn’t left my mind since.”

“Jake, I wasn’t mad. You’re free to date whomever you want.”

“But, Drew, Jeff and I aren’t dating. We had one date, but despite coming back here, nothing happened between us.”

He smiled. “And you thought it upset me?”

“I would’ve been if I were you.”

He chuckled. “Everything’s fine between us, kiddo. It’s true, it annoyed me, but not for what you might’ve thought.”

“How so?”

“When I saw Jeff in bed with you, I wanted to kick his ass… which was irrational. You two being together wasn’t the issue. But your spending more time with him and less time with us, not to mention disguising your activities with him, gave the impression you didn’t want to spend time with me.”

“Drew, that would never be the case.”

“I know, it sounds silly. But that’s how I felt.”

“Drew, I told you when we arrived in Agate Village nothing could make us lose each other. I mean it - Jeff and I had chemistry, but we both realized it wouldn’t lead to anything since we live so far apart. Besides, we’re collaborating to give you the best campaign, so that’s where our relationship ends.”

He smiled. “I’m grateful for the hard work from both of you. It helps me feel less stressed.”

“Have you been?”

He didn’t respond right away, like he was picking his words with caution. But he nodded. “It sounds out of character… but it’s stressed me over how our lives could change in a matter of days… and I don’t want something I do to fracture our relationship.”

“Your Excellence, what have you told me countless times? Take your own advice for once.”

He chuckled. “Guess I deserved that.”

“Yes, you do. Our friendship isn’t going anywhere. We’re here to support you in your journey to becoming Grand Master. Whatever’s on your mind, it’ll all work out.”

He smiled. “You think so?”

“I hope so. It’ll be a shame to return home and have our lives be unchanged.”

“Agreed.”

We turned out our lights and snuggled with our companions, the silence bathing us.

“Jake?”

“Mm-hmm?”

“...Thank you.”

“You’re welcome, Drew. Good night.”

“Good night.”



Chapter 16



The Showcase and the Sixth Queendom



“You two have impeccable timing,” I said, chuckling as I tried to open my eyes, holding my pokégear to my ear.

“Sorry, Appa,” Jackie said. “This seems to be the lone time we can call you.”

“Don’t worry about it. It’ll give me time to get some coffee before meeting Misty.”

“What’s happening this morning?” Bobby asked.

“We’re perusing the shops one last time before we leave Phenac City and make sure we didn’t miss any deals or surprises.”

“For us?” Jackie asked.

“Of course,” I replied. “Besides… it’s better than being bored since Drew had an early morning.”

“I bet he’s swamped, especially after last night’s announcement,” Bobby said.

“Without a doubt. He’s doing nothing but interviews this morning with reporters, so the Golden Aura worked out a deal so we can check out later. Once he’s finished, and we grab lunch, we’re being shuttled over to Realgam Tower.”

“This is so exciting, Appa,” Jackie said. “The media here is replaying his footage and talking to people connected to him and covering all his accomplishments. Hometown pride is high here, and everyone’s cheering for him.”

“If he isn’t already aware, then he’ll be super proud.”

“How’s everything there?” Bobby asked.

“It’s hotter than Drew out here,” I replied, earning giggles from the other line. “It’s frequently over 100 degrees, and with the competition narrowed to four warriors, reporters have replaced all the massive crowds from the warriors and their guests, so they’re swarming anyone who’ll interact with them.”

“Geez, sounds like it’s become a jungle over there,” Jackie said. “Be careful when you leave your suite.”

I chuckled. “It’s all right, Gongju. I have a publicist handling my press.”

“Ooo, tell us more! How are you and Jeff doing?”

“Gongju, there’s nothing to tell. We’re not dating.”

“You’re not?”

“Sorry to burst your enthusiasm, but we’re not. There was chemistry between us… but we both understood dating wasn’t practical. With us living in Japan and Los Angeles, there’s no way we could’ve dated.”

“That’s true…”

“But everything’s wonderful between us,” I replied. “We’re organizing some showcases for the final round of the tournament. We’re putting together a choreographed routine for Drew when his showcase arrives. And the showcase Jeff and I planned for the opening ceremony is tonight, so my nerves are emerging.”

“You’ll do great, Appa,” Bobby said. “We’re staying up tonight to watch.”

“We might even get Silver to watch with us,” Jackie added.

“Silver? Hey, now, is something happening?”

“Kinda,” Bobby said.

“It’s the weirdest thing. He’s become… more talkative. And he doesn’t seem as cold as before.”

“I even saw him smile once,” Bobby added.

“That’s crazy,” I said. “And you don’t know why?”

“Not exactly,” Jackie said. “He’s been out of his suite more, and we’ve noticed he’s been tidying his space, so it’s not a disaster. And he’s been joining us at mealtimes. And he’s... I don’t know… overall much more cheerful than he’s been.”

“Well, I’ll be,” I said. “The punk knows how to keep me guessing.”

“It’s pleasant, Appa,” Bobby said. “We’ll keep tabs on everything for you, but everything’s fine.”

“Great, I’m relieved to not worry about everything at home, but please call if you have any new information.”

“We will, Appa,” Jackie said. “And tell us when you tell Drew. You’re still telling him, right?”

“Yes… I’ve been avoiding it, but… I can’t anymore. I have to tell him.”

“We support you 100 percent. Now get some coffee. We’ll chat with you later.”

“Love you two brats.”

“Love you too, Appa,” Bobby said.

Misty and I perused the shops after breakfast, not envying Drew’s hectic morning schedule. Once we’d shopped and browsed as much as we could, we returned to our hotel after lunch to pack our remaining belongings before our group converged at the village’s entrance, where our shuttle waited.

“This is it!” Lance exclaimed. “Xiǎodì, we’re heading to the last destination of the tournament!”

“History’s being made!” Brock added.

Drew, despite giving off a bit of awkward energy and circles under his eyes, managed a smile. “It’s difficult to believe.”

“It’s only a matter of days until you’re crowned the new Grand Master,” Lance said.

“Look who’s being cocky,” Drew quipped.

“I love being cocky,” he replied.

“Hey, now, you devil,” I interjected, “we’re talking about the tournament, not your escapades.”

“I won’t continue being your punching bag,” he said, chuckling.

“Yeah, and what’re you gonna do about it?” Misty asked.

“You’re outnumbered, Lance,” Brock added.

“You might as well concede,” I said.

“Boy, y’all are no fun at all,” Lance said. “All I’m saying is this is a huge fucking deal. Our lives could change any day now.”

“Some of us are too tired for your level of hysteria,” Drew said, yawning. “After my media barrage this morning, I’ll keel over without a nap before rehearsal.”

“We’ll allow it,” I said.

Drew ruffled my hair, his touch leaving me aroused and conflicted again.

“Besides,” Saundra said, “Drew’s not the only hot shot we’re rooting for. Jake’s dancing on live television tonight.”

Our entire group cheered, bringing plenty of color to my cheeks.

“It’ll be wonderful,” Misty said.

“We’re so proud, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said.

“I appreciate your support,” I replied. “I’m trying not to think about it being televised and hope I’ll lose myself and not realize the entire world could be watching.”

“We’ll all be there cheering you on,” Brock said.

“Well, it’s all for the tournament,” I added. “And it serves a significant purpose - to highlight mental health and to pay homage to the Golden Aura’s tenets.”

“We can’t wait,” Saundra said.

“Just think,” Misty said. “Your life will change tonight.”

Her hand clasped mine.

“I couldn’t do it without my support network.”

“You’re loved, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said. “We’re all here for you, too.”

We weren’t in our van long before we arrived at our destination, a massive sight taking our breath away. A marvel of futuristic technology and engineering had created a massive tower sprouting out of the desert like a flower, the bulb comprising an enormous colosseum, three enormous appendages comprising its hotel suites, seated on top of its many hubs containing many nightclubs, restaurants, and other amenities drawing tourists from all around the state.

Around the tower, aside from a massive parking lot, was an enormous fountain outside the entrance, an extensive park filled with trees, and several villages full of shops.

Despite the sky-high temperatures, everything we saw enamored us.

“Welcome, Drew,” one of the bellmen said, with a few others behind him, including Jeff. “Please follow us so we can escort you to your suites.”

The designers filled the interior of the hotel with black and white tile and pink floral rugs, with the walls showcasing a captivating combination of stone and steel. The lobby and other corridors were swarming with reporters, so Jeff handled them as we walked, with Drew having no interest in speaking to them right now. We passed several restaurants and shops as we moved further into the building. There were three sets of elevators for each tower resting alongside the lobby connecting to the stadium’s entrance. We moved to the rightmost of them and rode to the 25th floor. As high as we were, we weren’t close to the tower’s peak (with the penthouses being on the 50th floor).

Once we found our suite, it greeted us with light gray carpeting, brown linens and bedding, and recessed lighting highlighting a stunning purple accent wall. They’d staged two queen beds off the accent wall, with an entertainment center and the bathroom staged off the opposite wall. The bathroom held a crisp white marble palette for a luxurious and relaxing space. The opposite wall also offered an angled desk, with a tan lounge seat staged next to the window on the connecting wall, offering views of the surrounding desert. Man, the park and villages looked tiny from our vantage point.

After Drew tipped our bellman, he snoozed on his bed with his companions while I unpacked our suitcases. Once I finished, I met Jeff in one of the hotel’s available ballrooms we’d reserved for our group, with our dancers assembling for our final run-through of our routine before our performance. When we finished, I fetched Drew before we visited Realgam Stadium for ourselves, being in awe of its size and the magnitude of being on the battlefield and seeing all the desolate boxes that would soon fill with hundreds of people. We ran through Drew’s routine with his own dancers, with my standing by to observe and ensure the entire setup ran smooth. With Drew’s moves, the power and elegance of his partner pokémon’s participation, and the incredible music Jeff had had remixed, we felt ready.

With everything done, now all that remained was to wait. The showcase would begin at 6 PM, we’d perform, and the Golden Aura would open the last round of the tournament before dinner. I showered and did my best to stretch, meditate, and center myself before our dancers assembled.

What threw me was Jeff secured a minute of airtime and encouraged me to introduce the showcase and highlight the observance. My heart pounded as we rode the elevator to the stadium, following Jeff as we wove through multitudes of hallways before waiting in a dressing room before we waited for our curtain call. My dancers and I wore white, with the men wearing white tights san shirts while the women wore white crop tops and tights. Many of us also sported bandanas tied around our wrists, signifying various flags for the communities we came from, whether it was LGBT, mental health, or racial groups, wearing racial flags on our dominant wrists and our community flags on our other.

After a huddle with some mantras (which I needed for my nerves), tournament officials gave us our cue and led us through another multitude of hallways until we filed outside. The massive crowds took our breath away when we took in the full scene before us, with their filling the boxes almost to capacity, and the energy of the crowds rivaled Drew’s championship match against Lance years before.

“Ladies and gentlemen, to begin tonight’s ceremony,” came an unfamiliar man’s voice through the speakers, “we have an extraordinary showcase for you, in honor of the Golden Aura and its semifinalists. To introduce their performance, please welcome our rising star from Japan, Jake Adams!”

With a swallow, I led my group onto the battlefield, where an official handed me a microphone, and I walked into the center of the field, with my group giving me some space. I made eye contact with my group in their box, took a deep breath, and brought the microphone to my lips.

“July is Minority Mental Health Awareness month, and Mental Health America’s theme ‘My Story My Way’ centers on the unique distress underrepresented communities experience by not discussing their mental health struggles. As a part of the LGBT and Asian communities, mental health struggles are more common than the average person believes, but both me and my best friend and mentor, Drew, are firm supporters of mental health awareness and seeking help. As a young adult, I’ve endured plenty of traumas, from being disowned, ridiculed, being subject to a hate crime, battling depression, anxiety, and PTSD, and also attempting suicide. I stand before you today as a testament to fighting through the pain and leaning on my loved ones. Drew has taught me so much about leading by example and serving our global community. All of us are part of underrepresented communities, and we dedicate our showcase tonight to the Golden Aura, for all it does for the good of our world, and to our esteemed semifinalists. We hope you enjoy as our hearts catch fire through our passion and showing that, regardless of what community you come from, your mental illness doesn’t define you.”

I turned off the microphone and tossed it to the tournament official as I rejoined our group. The Chainsmokers’ and Daya’s “Don’t Let Me Down” played, and our group assembled, first moving together like a school’s cheerleading team with launching our dancers into the air and catching them before incorporating more ballroom-style dancing and trust falls as part of our message.

As this routine finished, our song changed to Drake’s “Started From the Bottom”, and we incorporated more hip hop and urban styles, with many of us popping and locking and incorporating America’s Dougie dance from a decade earlier. From what I could hear through our flow, the crowds cheered and approved of our energy.

The next song on our playlist was Rachel Platten’s “Fight Song”, so the men laid on the sidelines and watched as the women combined hip hop and pop styles into a seamless group routine celebrating female empowerment.

Our dancing style blended into our next song, Katy Perry’s “Roar”, so the women’s energy increased, with more moves denoting strength characterizing their movements and the crowd’s energy increasing.

The last song for our women was Christina Aguilera’s “Reflection” from “Mulan”, which had more of an interpretive quality, honoring the somber and introspective elements of the song. I fought to keep my tears inside, as I didn’t want to break here as our performance continued.

The men and I rejoined the rest of our group for “The Greatest” by Sia and Kendrick Lamar, mimicking the dance from the music video and using movements denoting self-love as a testament to our collective struggles and pride in our identities.

Our women huddled together again to perform their own interpretative dance to Alessia Cara’s “Scars to Your Beautiful”, with the men and I clapping and cheering on the sidelines. We rejoined them and incorporated more high energy dancing with more traditional dances like the Tutti Frutti, Hustle, and the Carleton for songs Capital Cities’ “Safe and Sound” and Swedish House Mafia’s “Don’t You Worry Child”. The energy from the crowd fed our own, and my entire troupe was having a blast.

Now was when my emotions kicked in. I led our group through our routine on Katy Perry’s “Firework”, with some of our partner pokémon’s attacks colliding and creating fireworks above us, with my group serving our routine behind me. Tears slipped out of my eyes as I danced, incorporating more of my ballet background, like pirouettes and chaînés into my form as I flew around the battlefield like I was floating on air, with my dancers catching me as I came back to the ground. The crowds raved as we continued into our next song, Kelly Rowland’s and David Guetta’s “When Love Takes Over”. Love emanated from our entire troupe as we incorporated more dance and pop movements, emulating choreography from many singers from the early 2000s.

We reached our highest energy song, Taylor Swift’s “Shake It Off”, which I dedicated to Aurelian and gave him plenty of eye contact. Our group incorporated the 1950s’ Hand Jive and The Twist into our routine. I hoped this was the pinnacle of our fun as we wound down our routine.

Our descent began with Ciara’s “Level Up”, incorporating voguing, and The Black Eyed Peas’ “Boom Pow”, which incorporated more urban dances reminiscent of Janet Jackson from the late 1980s. We returned to more pop choreography on La Roux’s “Bulletproof”, sweat coating our bodies but our spirits still on fire.

Despite the energy of the crowd already intense, with them on their feet and cheering, it increased with our songs “Don’t Stop Believin’” and “Uptown Funk”, which incorporated more funk and disco choreography and breakdancing, giving each person the opportunity to freestyle under their own spotlight. I gave the same mashup of hip hop and ballet that enraptured Jeff at first glance. The faces of my dancers confirmed they were having fun like I was.

Then, for a fast change, we fell to the ground, dancing as we laid on the battlefield as Britney Spears’ “Stronger” blared, with us channeling the strength we amplified from the adversity we conquered, with more sensual movements coming from me.

To finish, we jumped to our feet and danced slower to Sia’s “Unstoppable”, channeling the upcoming semifinals that would require strength from the competitors. I made eye contact with Drew as we danced, my passion bleeding more into my movements. The last song played, and the other dancers laid along the sidelines and cheered me on as I gave my own interpretative dance to Michael Bolton’s “Go the Distance”. My eyes remained on Drew, and I wished I could’ve sent a message through my eyes.

Whether it worked, the song finished, and the crowds erupted into cheers and applause, the vibration rattling the whole stadium. I embraced my dancers, everyone jumping for joy, tears, laughter and smiles all among us. When our huddle broke, I looked to my group, all doing the same thing as they cheered and jumped around where they were, with Drew sobbing.

As we took in this extraordinary moment, the Golden Aura made their appearance. The crowds calmed at their presence, and their reverence permeated the battlefield, with the hair on my arms standing on end as they made their way over to us.

Ping, being in front of his brethren, offered his hand to me.

“That was an excellent performance,” he said. “You’ve brought so much joy and honor to us today, we don’t need to add anything.”

I shook it and bowed, followed by the rest of the dancers, thanking him for the opportunity. Once we finished, we moved to the sidelines as we gave them their space.

“Wow,” was all Ping could say after receiving a microphone and addressing the crowds. “What a performance we’ve all witnessed.”

The crowds erupted again, with everyone smiling and blushing.

“That was the perfect way to begin the final round of our historic tournament. And like I told this gifted choreographer, I have nothing else to say. The final round has begun, and tomorrow afternoon, we’ll introduce our semi finalists through their own showcases before our two semifinal battles determine who our two finalists will be. We look forward to tomorrow’s stunning performances, so please enjoy your evening.”

With the ceremony over, my dancers and I exchanged hugs, in tears again. Once we finished congratulating each other, I found my group dashing onto the battlefield, being swallowed again. First was Drew, who held me tight and refused to release me for 30 seconds. His presence was so relaxing after a stressful lead up and major workout.

“You were incredible, kiddo,” he said. “The entire stadium couldn’t take its eyes off you. You illuminated the battlefield and made us so proud.”

I wiped my eyes after he released me. “It’s all because of you, Your Excellence. It was all for you and your winning this tournament.”

He smiled. “With a performance like that, then I can’t lose.”

“You were incredible,” Misty said, squeezing me tight. “I’m so proud.”

“I didn’t expect to fall in love with you more,” Lance said before whispering to me. “Now I’m questioning if I’m chasing the wrong person.”

I chuckled and ruffled his hair. “Back off, Blackthorn.”

“I’ve never been prouder,” Saundra said, hugging me close. “You showed the entire world what’s possible when you’ve been through hell and back. We love you so much.”

Without warning, once I’d shook hands or hugged everyone from my group, Jeff also appeared.

“Stellar job, handsome,” he said, hugging me tight. “Your performance was so lit that my phone hasn’t stopped ringing since you finished.”

“You’re not kidding?” I asked, shocked.

He nodded, his smile unwavering. “I received a call right away from ABC15 and requested an interview for tomorrow morning. Are you interested?”

The news left me speechless, and I looked to Saundra, still at my side.

“I can’t do it without you,” I said. “Drew’s unavailable, so you’re part of the reason we’re all here.”

She smiled, touched by the sentiment. “Of course, Jake.”

I looked at Jeff and smiled. “I’m in.”

~ ~ ~

After we were back in our suite, I relaxed with an enjoyable and much needed shower after dancing my ass off on national television. Drew showered as I took care of my skincare, and his bare body distracted me as he dried off. I tried not to gaze, but I couldn’t help it. When our eyes met, I left the bathroom, hoping some distance would keep my arousal from sprouting.

Even so, this only reminded me I needed to confess. Yes, there wasn’t a perfect time. Now might as well have been it. It wouldn’t get easier the longer I waited.

Drew returned, uncovered, before slipping into bed, making me tongue-tied again. I slipped under my sheets. Not tired, but unsure of how else to bridge this divide.

Cuddling with Espeon and Ninetales, Drew flipped through the news stations, most of them covering the tournament, but the one he stopped on was covering the dance showcase, with social media exploding over it. I was so relieved and grateful for this distraction.

“Wow, the entire world was watching you, kiddo,” Drew said.

I couldn’t cultivate a suitable response, aside from chuckling. “This still blows my mind.”

“Why?”

“It doesn’t seem real yet. I’ve been outspoken throughout this whole tournament of being my authentic self and supporting you, but part of me still doesn’t believe any of this is legitimate.”

“Well, it is, kiddo,” Drew said, looking over at me. “You’ve wowed the world twice now, and I’m so lucky to have you as a best friend.”

Fuck, my heart swelled at his words.

“Drew…”

“I’m so lucky to have you here with me,” he continued. “Ever since we met, you’ve always made me proud.”

My feelings were coming out - merry, apprehensive, restless, desperate. I wasn’t confident I could stop them, and I feared what the next words out of my mouth would be. The moment required me to cleave to whatever restraint remained until the right moment revealed itself.

“I’m still battling some of those earlier demons, but sometimes I still feel like that unsure teenager.”

“We all have those moments, even after we’ve grown,” Drew said. “Those thought patterns are tough to break. I still sometimes have them.”

“You do?”

He nodded.

“Even today?”

“Yes, but I’m reminded every day how we left our previous lives behind because of the successes we’re seeing. I wouldn’t want anyone else on this journey but you.”

My eyes were getting misty. My resolve wouldn’t hold much longer.

“Drew, I wouldn’t have it any other way. Being your best friend is the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”

As if I was outside my body, it acted of its own accord, getting out of bed and shuffling over into Drew’s arms, tears in my eyes and soon to follow to him. My arms surrounded his torso, and my heart swelled to full capacity. My release ceased to relent, but yet my mind subdued my lips, unable to say those words I’d waited so long to say.

We remained like this longer than expected, but when we parted, our tear-filled eyes locked together, my heart seemed to scream, TELL HIM!

But, before this grand opportunity could mature, a knock on the door forced me to switch gears, as if it yanked me out of an unhealthy emotional state. I wiped my tears before answering the door, finding Lance in the hallway in an open dress shirt and khakis.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ,” he said, a smile on his face. “Care to get a drink downstairs to celebrate your showcase?”

Since his appearance shot the moment, I didn’t see the harm.

“Sure, let me make myself decent.”

Lance chuckled before following me into the room.

“I mean, wear just your briefs. You’ll get a lot of attention from everyone else.”

“Horndog,” Drew said in response, when Lance came into his view.

“You wish, Xiǎodì,” he said. “Besides, I can’t not appreciate the male body when I see it.”

“Trust me, you wouldn’t be saying that if I flashed you right now.”

I chuckled as I looked through the closet, remembering how Lance had tried flashing Drew, with me being the unlucky victim of collateral damage.

Lance tried to hold back a retch as I dressed fast in jeans and my red dress shirt, leaving it open like Lance’s.

“Cool it, you two,” I said. “I’d hate to get in between you both again.”

Drew chuckled.

“Yeah, like you’d be complaining. All right, let’s go. I have a bit of energy left before turning in.”

“Good, same for me.”

“Not like Grandpa over there,” Lance said.

“Until you’re enduring hours of interviews and competing in a worldwide, historic tournament, you have no room to talk.”

“Oh?”

“So unless you want to use your mouth for something useful and kiss my ass, I’d stay in your lane, smartass.”

I chuckled. “He makes a compelling argument, handsome. Besides, who’d refuse the opportunity for a rim job? Not you!”

Lance smirked to dispel whatever disgust came.

“Duly noted, Mr. Champion. I’ll leave the ass kissing to someone who’d enjoy it more. Now I need a stiff drink to rid my mind of that disgusting thought.”

Drew chuckled. “Have fun, you two.”

“We will,” I said. “I’ll be quiet when I come back.”

Drew nodded. “Night, boys.”

“Night,” we said, leaving the suite and shuffling to the elevator.

Lance’s eyes were on me as we traveled to whatever our destination was. I figured, with my lack of free time, Lance had scoped out a cool place to chill. Still, my spirit gravitated toward him, and his mischievous personality didn’t help.

“Spit it out, Blackthorn,” I said.

“What?”

“I know you’re staring. Be direct with it.”

He chuckled. “Fine. You’re looking especially attractive tonight.”

I blushed.

“I hadn’t planned on saying anything since I know better, but I can’t help it.”

“You’re not looking bad yourself… but I get it.”

“How are you and Drew?” he asked.

The elevator stopped on the sixth floor, one I hadn’t explored before. Regardless, I followed Lance, who seemed to be more familiar with it.

“We’re okay,” I said. “We were having more of a tender moment when you visited.”

“Did you confess?”

I shook my head. “I’m sure if the moment continued I might have.”

“Geez, I’m sorry, Jake,” he said, his arm pulling me closer to him. “Fuck, it seems like every time I come around, I’m interrupting a critical moment for you.”

We passed multiple shops and restaurants, and nothing around me, aside from more rainbow colors, tipped me off to our eventual destination.

“Don’t take it too much to heart,” I replied. “I’m not positive I would’ve had the courage to tell him.”

“Is your hesitation still based on fear?”

“Of course. But it’s also the brevity of why we’re here and of the Crown he’s here fighting for. It’s not enough that I fear his rejection or compromising our friendship… but what if the timing’s wrong? Drew could be the Grand Master at the end of this week. I couldn’t live with myself if my decision in any way kept him from being chosen.”

“Oh, Hǔ zǐ. I don’t think it would get to that point. The Golden Aura has to know Drew’s spirit and personality by now, and there’s only four semifinalists remaining. I can’t see how you could distract him to that degree.”

“You’re probably right… but I don’t want to take the chance.”

Lance stopped in front of what looked like a nightclub, draped in rainbow fabric and adorned with gold accents, bearing the name “The Sixth Queendom.”

Purple velvet and gold wallpaper gave the entire space a regal atmosphere. Architects had split the space into two separate sections: the first held a bar, plenty of tables and booths, and a colossal dancefloor; and the other half was a karaoke lounge with an additional bar.

“Isn’t she a beaut?” Lance asked, leading us over to the bar sitting beside the dancefloor.

“It is,” I replied. “Puts NightCare to shame. How did you find this place?”

“Didn’t you read the brochures they put in all our suites when we checked in?”

“I haven’t had time.”

“It offers more information on the establishments and events, so it’s how I discovered it.”

“Have you been here before?”

He nodded. “It’s a fun place, and their prickly pear margarita is unbelievable.”

“Why am I not surprised?” I asked, chuckling.

“What?”

“Your drink fits you.”

We approached the bar, where a lovely lipstick lesbian with mermaid hair, a slit eyebrow and a smoky eye was bartending. Her look of a black vest with pink buttons, a lavender flower tattoo on her wrist, and cut-off blue jean shorts was very fitting for the space.

“Back again, Lance?”

He chuckled. “I can’t stay away.”

“So you’re having your usual?”

He nodded as he handed her a bill.

“What about you?” she asked me.

“I’ll take an Old Fashioned.”

“Which would you like? We have a standard Old Fashioned, and the other is an Oak-Smoked Old Fashioned more popular in this area with more spice and smoky chocolate notes.”

“That sounds incredible, so I have to try it,” I said, handing her a bill.

She smiled. “Coming right up.”

Lance and I sat at the bar and turned our seats, watching the dancers stroll around the dancefloor.

“Well, whatever you decide on, Hǔ zǐ, I’m here for you.”

“Thanks, you pain in the ass.”

He chuckled.

“What’s happening here?” I asked.

Lance shrugged. “I wondered that myself.”

We watched as the other patrons danced to the beat of a song I didn’t recognize. Once the song ended, our attention returned to the DJ.

“Wow, this floor is lit from those fabulous feet,” they said. “Take a break and grab a drink from our lovely hostess behind the bar. For those of you just joining us, tonight is a practice night for our annual dance contest, made exceptional by the hotel hosting the Golden Aura’s historic tournament. For details, come visit my table.”

Lance elbowed me. “Hǔ zǐ, you should enter.”

“You’re crazy,” I replied. “I’m danced out tonight.”

He chuckled. “It’s in your blood.”

The DJ left their table and came to the bar.

“Again, Jameson?” the bartender asked, chuckling.

“You know it,” he replied before he noticed us. “Wait a minute, you were the dancer on the news today.”

I blushed, nodding.

“You were fantastic out there today,” he said. “It’s an honor to find you here.”

“Oh, no, I’m flattered, but I’m like any other person here.”

Lance chuckled. “Forgive him, Jameson. He’s humble.”

“You’re not,” I shot back.

Jameson chuckled and offered his hand. “The name’s Jameson.”

“Nice to meet you, Jameson. Jake.”

“Likewise. Well, we hope you enjoy your evening, but you have my personal invitation to enter our dance contest.”

“What does it entail?” I asked.

“Once our dancers register for the contest, they have fun dancing each night to a set of unique challenges, like pairing dance moves with songs that don’t normally fit together. Our judges will observe our dancers and award points based on their performances. The night before the Golden Aura’s championship match, we’ll hold our own championship night. Everyone brings their totals and whatever they earn at the beginning, and we'll take the top four dancers into our championship round. The judges will crown whoever impresses them most as our Dance Champion and earn a championship belt.”

“Sounds cool,” Lance said.

“But I’m already a known dancer here. Wouldn’t that disqualify me?”

“Anyone can enter, and the competition here gets fierce. If you change your mind, come register at my station.”

We shook hands.

“Thank you so much,” I said.

“See you two studs around,” he said before he took his drink and returned to his station.

“And here are your drinks, boys,” the bartender said. “Enjoy!”

Lance and I grabbed our drinks and clinked glasses. The sleek beverage’s contrast of flavors compared to what I expected was delightful.

“So… are you gonna enter?” Lance asked.

“I’m thinking about it.”

“You should! The showcases you organized are dumbfounding they’re so awesome. Plus, you love dancing, so this offers some additional recognition for your talent.”

“You’re so full of it,” I said.

He chuckled. “That may be… but you’re a marvelous dancer. And this could be fun. And it distracts you from your feelings until you’re ready to face them.”

I took another sip. “You have a point.”

“And the group would support you.”

I smiled, still pondering.

“Are you still thinking about it?”

“I would be if you weren’t so obnoxious.”

“I’m never not going to be obnoxious, and I won’t relent until you register.”

“Fuck, is there ever no ulterior motive with you?”

“Oh, come on, Hǔ zǐ,” Lance said, holding me close. “Do it.”

“Okay, fine! If it’ll keep you off me, then I’ll register right now.”

He smirked. “Finally. I’m glad to see my persuasion helped you see the light.”

“Whatever, you windbag.”

I left our seats and moved to Jameson’s station.

“Changed your mind?”

I chuckled. “My friend is gonna be a pain in the ass if I don’t.”

“Oh, he looks like one, for sure,” he said as he offered me his clipboard.

I joined him and signed my name before handing it back to him.

“Might as well do something I love. I’m just danced out after my showcase.”

“No problem, boss. Rest up, and we’ll see you alive and kicking in two days. We’ll be holding practice sessions tomorrow also if you want a feel for it.”

I smiled and shook his hand. “Sounds fantastic. See you then.”

I walked back to the bar, with Lance smirking.

I rolled my eyes. “Will you get a life?”

“Why would I do that when your life fascinates me?”

I sat at the bar. “I’m gonna need another drink to deal with you.”

He chuckled. “You love me.”

“I do, but you’re still a pain in the ass.”

“You say it like it’s a bad thing.”

I chuckled. “Whatever, you horndog.”

“How’s the Old Fashioned?” the bartender asked.

“Wonderful,” I replied, handing her another bill. “I’ll take another to deal with this redheaded weasel.”

She smirked. “Coming right up.”



Chapter 17



The National Interview and the Sudden Absence



Sleeping in was fantastic, as Saundra and I planned to have breakfast by ourselves before the interview (and I was so beat I’d needed it, as the drink with Lance didn’t help), but yet waking without Drew never became easier. With Jeff’s help, he’d scheduled a block of interviews from the moment he woke till lunchtime, which offered limited time to himself before his showcase.

My heart yearned, but there wasn’t any purpose in pining over Drew with my day’s to-do list.

My companions perked up and crowded around me for cuddles.

“Okay, okay,” I said, chuckling and giving them fast body massages. “You beat me. You get some attention, but we have a busy day. Let’s go.”

After dressing in something a bit more formal than I’d ever wear, I moved to the bottom floor and traversed the lobby before I met Saundra at our normal restaurant, The Realgam Family Kitchen, which we frequented because of how at home we felt, especially with our favorite waitress, Carol, who took superb care of us. We sat in a partitioned corner, which we scored with Carol’s help. We enjoyed our breakfast before Misty and Jeff joined us and the journalist, Cynthia Cortez, arrived.

Once she’d been served her coffee and a treat, her attention turned to us, her eyes beaming as the camera crew put wireless microphones on us. My companions panted on the floor nearby, their tails wagging.

“I’m so excited,” she said, “and this interview will be huge. Are you ready?”

I looked at Saundra, with her smiling like I was. Misty and Jeff sat behind the camera crew with her, giving moral support but letting me have my moment.

“Of course.”

“Wonderful, then let’s start,” she replied before turning to the cameramen.

“Counting down in 5,” the cameraman said, “4, 3, 2, 1…”

“This was the performance seen around the world,” Cynthia said. “The semifinal round of the Golden Aura’s historic tournament began when 22 dancers lit up the stage with a passion going viral as soon as their performance ended. Garnering 10 million impressions overnight, conversations on Drew Brown, LGBTQ equality, and mental health have tripled, and the question everyone’s asking is who was this young, photogenic choreographer who’s also one of the semifinalists’ guests? We sought answers, and we’re here today with the maestro himself, Jake Adams.”

I smiled. “Thank you for having me. It’s an honor.”

“The pleasure’s all ours,” she replied, smiling. “You’ve already gone viral once with a roast of a news reporter who, in your words, perpetuated a bias over the news coverage your best friend, Drew, was receiving, and now you’ve struck gold again with a performance yielding praise and shout-outs from celebrity dancers, singers, and fans from all over the world. For viewers who’ve never met you, how would you introduce yourself?”

I chuckled. “This is all news to me, so I’ll be reviewing it all with my publicist. I’m 24 years old, and I’m a Gym Leader in Kanagawa, Japan. As I’m sure everyone already knows, I’m also an avid dancer and picked it up as a teenager and have used it as an emotional outlet during a rough adolescence.”

“The issues you’re highlighting mean a tremendous deal to you. Could you opine on your background and how they became so meaningful to you?”

I nodded. “I grew up wanting to be a trainer, with hiccups along the way, and I joined Team Rocket, with the confidence I lacked promised as a reward. When I became disillusioned from it, I left and brought Drew with me and saved him from his prison.”

“Remarkable,” Cynthia said.

“So Drew and I became best friends, and he molded me into the trainer he knew I could become. After he enlisted in the military, life thrust me onto a journey of self-discovery alone and realized I was different in a close-minded culture existing in the community I loved and who loved me. After I came out, I dealt with ignorance from my family and was later the victim of a hate crime devastating my mental health. And, adding insult to injury, I almost attempted suicide when I was treating my condition with medication. That was my wake-up call to fight for the life I deserved and desired, and my mentor risking his life for his country inspired me.”

“Jake, that alone is so touching. Thank you for your vulnerability in sharing what many find uncomfortable to relive. It’s no surprise those topics are dear to your heart and were central to last night’s performance.”

“Absolutely,” I replied. “When I learned it was Minority Mental Health Month, I wanted the showcase to highlight those issues and offer a spotlight to people of color who were also part of the LGBTQ community or dealt with mental health issues to show we exist, we’re not alone, and we can still thrive in spite of those obstacles.”

“Your performance blew away a great multitude of our viewers, and it seemed like you were on the fringe of the media’s eye before, and this exposition of passion through your group’s seamless choreography and your poignant speech brought you back into the media spotlight once again. Did you expect this response from your performance?”

I shook my head.

“I didn’t expect this much attention. It’s humbling, and I’m still just as surprised your viewers are paying attention to these topics.”

“They are, and I have to ask - had you intended to give an interview with Roger Pantoja?”

“Not at all. That happened because the treatment Drew received from the other warriors disturbed me, and the news media only covered the altercation but didn’t provide any positive coverage. When Roger spotted me, I’d tried to keep my distance, but he brought me on camera, and something inside me let loose.”

“And nobody expected your segment to go viral across the globe. And it gave Drew the positive coverage you’d desired for him.”

I nodded. “It did. I was grateful to be the vehicle for that change.”

“You were, without a doubt, and conversations around Drew’s place in the semifinals has trended since the Golden Aura’s announcement two days earlier, and your group’s performance has not only sustained his place in the top trending topics, but it’s also brought more focus to mental health and LGBTQ issues. How did this performance come together?”

“Before the Golden Aura made their announcement, Drew’s publicist, Jeff, and I were already collaborating, as he’d pitched the idea of a dance performance to open the semifinals with an explosive start. The idea was for me to be the choreographer, but when we realized it was Minority Mental Health Month, we brought in a diverse group of dancers to highlight the beauty of diversity. As we put together routines and rehearsed, Jeff convinced me to dance as well. Once the Golden Aura announced their semifinalists, Jeff signed on to represent Drew, and he secured a minute of airtime to introduce our act. As soon as I took the microphone, we forgot where we were and let our passions loose.”

“And the entire crowd gave a roaring standing ovation from your magical performance,” she said. “How was the experience for you?”

“I lost myself during the performance, so once we finished, it was as if we weren’t aware of what had happened, but the response was everything we set out to accomplish. I had goosebumps and so much pride inside my spirit, and my loved ones were in tears.”

“Without a doubt, a precious moment. And your speech beforehand moved so many people, from reading countless tweets from viewers. Many didn’t know you beforehand, but your words have resonated with people around the world who feel seen, however they’ve identified.”

“That’s all I wanted, and I hope our dancing showed who you are or what you suffer from doesn’t stop you from aspiring to new levels of success.”

“I doubt anyone who saw your performance doesn’t believe it now. So thank you again for your representation and a lovely performance.”

“It’s my pleasure, and thank you for your kind words.”

“One reason we’re here also is because of the heightened coverage your best friend is receiving. Viewers are dying to know more about the bond you two share. How is he reacting to all the attention you’re receiving?”

“He’s just as surprised as I am,” I replied, “but he’s also super proud of what I’ve accomplished. His goal of entering the tournament was to show the world our struggles don’t define us and still allow us to succeed in life, and he’s impressed at how fast I accomplished it. I don’t know if I believe him. He’s inspired us for years, and the tournament has yet to see his true power.”

“Are you at liberty to share anything about what’s expected in this final round, especially if he reaches the championship match?”

Before I could answer, our ears caught a major commotion from the kitchen. Several dishes had shattered, but the change in mood and the subdued anxiety among the staff was difficult to ignore. When Carol returned to the dining room, I saw the shock in her expression she tried to hide.

“Carol, what’s wrong?” I asked.

“Our executive chef fainted. They’re okay, but, because of some blood pressure issues, they’re needing to see a doctor. We’re trying to reach our other chef while we wait for an ambulance, and they’re not able to be here for another hour, so we’re without a chef.”

I looked at Saundra, and her eyes met mine, both of us smiling.

“Fancy a challenge, Mom?” I asked her.

“Always,” she replied. “I’ve enjoyed my break, but I’m ready to be back in the kitchen again.”

“Wait, you’re filling in?” Cynthia asked.

I nodded. “She’s a trained chef, and she’s taught me everything she knows.”

She smiled. “Jake’s well trained, so this should be nothing but fun for us.”

“So I’m sous chef?”

Saundra shook her head, still smiling. “You’ve had enough experience to be Executive Chef alongside me.”

I couldn’t contain my excitement. We turned to Carol.

“Tell your staff not to worry. We’ll step in, so your backup has plenty of time.”

“Oh, Jake!” Carol said, hugging me tight. “I can’t say how grateful we are.”

“Think nothing of it,” I replied. “You’re lucky you have two trained chefs for loyal customers, so leave everything to us.”

Saundra and I flew into the kitchen, donning chef coats and washing our hands before meeting with the existing sous chefs. The cameramen kept their distance while their cameras rolled, capturing our teamwork as we got our bearings and worked to maintain the kitchen’s steady operations. Though we didn’t know the menu, our sous chefs filled in the gaps, and we knew enough dishes to not stress the smaller details. As a team, Saundra and I piggybacked off the other, our bond keeping laughter and joy between us and my existing experience serving me as we streamlined our productivity.

The cameramen moved around, capturing moments between us and our creations as we made them. They also moved around inside the dining room as we worked, the sense of time leaving us. With the amount of fun we had, time was meaningless.

“You two are rock stars,” Cynthia said, poking her head into the kitchen. “We’ve been schmoozing with the guests in the dining room, and they’ve remarked on how fast the food’s been coming and how wonderful it is.”

We both grinned and continued, taking a new ticket as soon as a dish was ready for pickup and continued without reservation. Once the backup chef arrived, she was as grateful as the rest of the staff, and we hugged everyone before we left the kitchen and returned to our table, sweat on our foreheads but the joy still present in our spirits. This time, rather than only me, I brought Saundra with me, both of us now on camera, still in our chef coats.

“That was an unbelievable sight,” Cynthia said as our interview resumed. “Ninety minutes of hustling, all with smiles on your faces, and the restaurant’s service didn’t experience any interruptions.”

“We live for this,” I said. “We work in restaurants back home, so this is normal.”

“That’s incredible,” Cynthia said. “Jake, you’re a fierce trainer, a trained dancer, and no amateur in the kitchen. Is there anything you can’t do?”

I chuckled. “Plenty of things, but it shows I’m never bored.”

“I’ll say,” Cynthia said. “Does that mean we can expect you to enter any dance competitions or appear on Food Network in the future?”

I blushed. “I won’t say never. Anything’s possible. If ABC or Food Network wanted me on Dancing With the Stars or Beat Bobby Flay, I wouldn’t refuse.”

Everyone around us chuckled.

“Well, it was a pleasure to watch you both collaborate. How did this start?”

I looked at Saundra.

“Jake’s been like my son for the last 10 years,” Saundra said. “When he showed an interest in cooking, I took him under my wing and mentored him. Despite not having any classroom education, he’s learned everything he needs to know and has cooked under my instruction for the same number of hours. He could work at any restaurant with no issue, and being my co-executive chef today confirms that.”

“Plus, our cooking lessons brought us closer together,” I added, “not only because we were dealing with Drew’s absence during his deployments, but also because of tough personal circumstances. She became a second mother to me when I needed one.”

Her arm found its way around me.

“It’s a touching sight to see,” Cynthia said. “And I can tell your relationship is rich and full of love. Sandra, from what we’ve heard already, it’s obvious your love has helped Drew become the person and warrior he is today. What’s your takeaway from having helped raise Drew and Jake into who they are now?”

“I’m so proud of my boys,” she said. “I lost my eldest son to a life of crime, and my attempts to have a relationship with him haven’t been fruitful. Having Drew and Jake as my sons makes me the proudest mom I could ever be, and they both embody the love and kindness this world needs.”

“And I’m sure this tournament brings your love and support full circle.”

“Oh, absolutely. Both of them have overcome incredible odds to thrive in a world trying to crush them. Here, their strength and hearts of service are visible to the entire world.”

“Jake, our interview got interrupted earlier, but now that we’re back, what can you tell us about your bond with Drew? From what we’ve gathered, you two have endured a lot together.”

I nodded, hoping my emotions would stay in check. “We’ve had many crazy adventures in 10 years’ time, but I wouldn’t trade them for anything. I’m who I am because of him, and I promise he’ll raise a ridiculous fight in the semifinals.”

“Care to elaborate on what we can expect?”

“Afraid not,” I replied with a smirk. “There’s plenty in store for everyone, and I’m not at liberty to disclose anything.”

Cynthia chuckled. “Fair enough. And with Drew’s mentoring, I bet you’re quite a trainer. From previous coverage of your halted battle with Aurelian, do you think you would’ve been victorious if tournament officials hadn’t interrupted your battle?”

“Without a doubt,” I replied.

“You seem confident. Aurelian has been a top contender in his home country for the last 20 years, so what gives you the assurance you would’ve won?”

“Because it amounts to character,” I said. “Drew and I both battle from a place of honor. It doesn’t matter what tactics he has or what he does next. I have full faith in my mentor conquering this tournament and being crowned the new Grand Master.”

“Well, you heard it here, folks,” Cynthia concluded, looking at the camera. “There’s powerful support here for Drew as he enters the semifinals of the Golden’s Aura’s historic tournament. We’re ecstatic to see what unfolds in the coming days. Back to you in the studio.”

~ ~ ~

Once our day was over, I gussied myself up in a white stringer tank and black yoga pants and met Misty, Jeff, and Lance at The Sixth Queendom, where other participants were getting loose on the dancefloor. We stopped at the bar first for a round of cocktails before finding a table near the dancefloor.

“Nervous?” Misty asked.

“A little,” I said, “but nothing a drink won’t fix.”

“That’s the spirit,” Lance said. “And we’re prepared to keep you smashed if it helps.”

“That’s not the plan, weasel,” Misty said, trying to scale back her annoyance.

Jeff and I snickered.

“As fun as that idea is,” Misty continued, “Jake needs to remain sober to stay in control of his mind.”

“Oh, whatever. You know what I mean. If Jake’s nervous, a drink will help.”

“But he’s also one of the best dancers here,” Jeff said. “Who says he even needs a drink to dance well?”

“He’s got a point,” Misty said.

“Any rebuttal from the weasel?” I asked, smirking at Lance.

“Not a word,” he said. “I’m remaining silent and enjoying my margarita.”

“Oh, thank goodness,” Misty said. “We’ll get some peace and quiet here.”

Lance smirked at her, and Jeff and I chuckled along.

“Welcome to The Sixth Queendom’s sixth annual Dance Off competition,” Jameson said through the speakers, prompting us to move our gazes over to his station. “For those of you new to this area, this competition honors those we lost during the Pulse Massacre in 2012. To honor them and to celebrate pride, we hold a competition to find the best dancer and honor them with a name on our wall and a highly-coveted championship belt.”

The surrounding crowd cheered.

“Yes, we love prizes, too. So welcome to our humble abode. To our dancers, this is your call to come to the dance floor. Our panel of judges comprises our previous five champions, who will all be judging your performances over the next three nights before we hold our championship night to crown our best onto our new champion. So finish your drinks and come meet us here for some fun.”

I took one last swig of my drink and received some pats on the back before I made my way onto the dancefloor, high-fiving some of the surrounding dancers. From what I saw, we were evenly matched, with 12 women and 12 men.

“We’ll start off slow with some warm-ups first,” Jameson said before a piano flourish hit the speakers. “We’re going to start off with the Electric Slide, so show us your best footwork!”

Gloria Gaynor’s “I Will Survive” played, and we aligned and moved to the groove, the biggest challenge being to follow the footwork and not bump into the person next to us, but it was still fun to elevate our heart rates and sing along to the music.

Once the song ended, we transitioned into another funky tune.

“Looking fine, dancers!” Jameson said. “Our last warm-up is a variation on our last dance, the Cha Slide. Give it your own flair, but keep the beat, and we want to see something unique from its traditional dance!”

The next song was a medley of Village People’s “Y.M.C.A.” and “Hot Cop”, so the entire hoard had to resist the urge to perform the normal dance and put the others to shame. I added more funk to my moves, feeling myself and adding as much sensual energy to the already iconic song. I was on fire once the medley transitioned to another song, my group cheering me on.

“Y’all look outstanding tonight,” Jameson said. “Now that you’re warmed up, our judging officially begins. This is our last line dance, so let’s blend with another dance move. As long as it fits, you’ll get high marks from the judges.”

The Cupid Shuffle started, and while I hadn’t danced to it before, the steps were effortless to follow. As we moved, I combined it with the Hand Jive my group had used for our dance showcase, hoping my energy would come across as I kept my hand movements fluid and continuous as I stepped to the beat and followed the song’s instructions, trying to add more flair to my moves as well. I had the hang of it and leaned into the groove, giving my best between the two.

“Incredible,” Jameson said. “So many dances, and yet they all work. Our judges are loving this! Let’s switch it up.”

Silentó’s “Watch Me” started, setting a distinctive tone.

“We want to see you Whip and Nae, but there’s a twist! When I yell ‘Switch’, I want you to switch to the Apache and keep the same rhythm. And we’ll keep switching. Let’s hope y’all don’t confuse easy.”

I chuckled to myself and followed the song, feeling myself as we moved through the normal dance. Once we’d gotten through the chorus and first verse, Jameson yelled “Switch”, prompting us to switch to the Apache, most likely a distant ancestor to the current dance. We grooved to it until they commanded us to switch, repeating several times before the song ended, earning plenty of applause from our meager audience.

“Looks like y’all aren’t easily fooled,” Jameson said with a chuckle. “Keep it up! More curveballs are coming!”

The next song was ABBA’s “Dancing Queen”, which energized everyone present.

“This is your chance to freestyle, so give us your best moves. At a random point in the song, I might throw out a dance move, and your assignment is to meld it into your groove. Best of luck!”

As we moved, I made my dance more sensual, combining disco with hip hop and making sure my hips thrust as I moved. I tried to keep my composure after hearing Jeff and Lance send wolf whistles to me.

After the first chorus, we heard Jameson return to his microphone. “All right, y’all - switch to the Macarena!”

On a dime, I moved into the unusual yet standard dance, moving to the beat of the same song, pivoting and keeping my movement as fluid as I could. After the second chorus ended for a repeat, Jameson yelled, “Freestyle like your life depends on it!”

Without missing a beat, I dropped low into the most passionate twerk I’d ever given, receiving a lot of cheers and applause from the crowds nearby before the song ended. I removed my shirt and tossed it to my group.

“Man, this dancefloor’s catching fire,” Jameson said, looking right at me and prompting chuckles. “You’re giving the judges plenty to award points for. Rock steady, as we only have a few dances left!”

Next played Britney Spears’ “Till the World Ends”, another iconic artist for the venue.

“All right, y’all,” Jameson continued. “We’re giving you another freestyle right now, so give your best like before, and we’ll throw out another dance move at random intervals.”

This time, I gave more pop moves to fit the song, feeling myself and thinking back to some of the artist’s choreography from previous projects. Once the first chorus ended, I looked to Jameson, who was already preparing for his surprise.

“All right, y’all! Give us your fiercest Cotton Eye Joe!”

I thought on my feet, thinking back to the dance’s choreography before joining, the move being an unusual mix between what someone would expect between hip hop and country line dancing. We continued this until we got through the end of the second chorus.

“Terrific job, everyone!” Jameson said. “To finish the song, we’re giving you another surprise. Switch to the Tootsie Roll!”

This peculiar dance relied more on arms, but the workout was major. I wasn’t certain if my body or mind were hit harder, but dancing was in my blood. When the song ended, the group’s exhaustion showed in the sweat covering our bodies.

“We’re close to done,” Jameson said, “but y’all are doing a phenomenal job. We have two more songs left to close out tonight’s competition. Thank you so much for participating. Once the challenge finishes, the judges will tabulate their scores and post them on the bulletin board.”

The next song to play was Lady Gaga’s “Born This Way”, another bop commanding everyone’s attention.

“All right, y’all,” Jameson continued. “This is your last freestyle. Your only assignment is to combine two moves that don’t go together. One of them can be a move you’ve already used tonight, and the second has to be brand new. Best of luck!”

Thinking on my feet again, my mind settled on a popular trend, so I combined the Floss all US children knew with my twerking from earlier. I looked like a horny monkey with a full bladder, but I banished any self-conscious thoughts and leaned as far into it as possible.

“Everyone deserves a standing ovation tonight, so please give our dancers a hearty round of applause,” Jameson said, prompting the entire club to cheer and clap till their hands were raw. “Our last song will be our cool-down for tonight, so give us your best Gangnam Style!”

Psy’s “Gangnam Style” played, and I felt right at home, my siblings and I having danced our hearts out to this any chance we had after its release. I gave it my all, hoping to mimic Psy’s movements without flaw, feeling connected to my love of dancing, my beloved home and family, and my heritage.

As soon as the song ended, I collapsed on the dance floor, sweating like a madman and chuckling. Some other dancers mimicked me, but someone nearby was kind enough to bring me back to my feet. After high-fiving everyone, I returned to my table for lots of sweaty hugs with my group.

“You were incredible,” Misty said.

“It’s the best I’ve ever seen you,” Jeff said.

“I’ve already started falling for you again,” Lance said.

I chuckled. “You knew not to, Blackthorn.”

“Whatever,” he replied. “Need another drink?”

“We could all use another,” Jeff said.

We returned to the bar and ordered fresh drinks before I caught my breath at the table.

“Oh my goodness, Jake,” Jeff said. “We checked the judges’ scores, and you’re in the top 5!”

Lots of high-fives were in order.

“You’ve earned it,” Misty said. “Cheers to Jake’s performance!”

We clinked glasses and took sips, with my drinking half of mine.

“Ooo,” Lance replied, “so that’s how we’re rollin’ tonight. Let’s get Jake wasted!”

“Oh, no, we’re not,” Misty said. “And neither are you. We have enough trouble handling you when you’re sober.”

Jeff and Lance chuckled alongside me.

“I’m not arguing,” I said.

“And I’m taking your word on that,” Jeff said.

“Care to wager, Marcos?” Lance asked him.

“No, thanks,” Jeff replied. “I have a job to do. This is as far as it goes.”

“We’re not pulling an all-nighter since some of us need to rest,” I said.

“Then let’s finish this fast,” Misty said.

“But, first, I’d like a dance,” Jeff said.

“Hey, me too,” Lance said.

“Wait in line, Blackthorn,” Jeff replied.

I took his hand as he led me away from the table.

“Enjoy it while you can,” Lance said. “Once you’re done, it’s my turn.”

Jeff smirked at him and led me to the dancefloor, where we slow-danced a while, my head resting on his shoulder.

“Hog me as much as you want,” I told him.

He kissed me on the forehead and held me close. “Trust me, I’ll take as much time as you want.”

~ ~ ~

The next day, my high from my interview and the dance competition fueled me. After a workout and lunch, our group reassembled in our box in Realgam Stadium, the crowds still buzzing from the events of the past day.

“This is our last call for our semifinalists to check in with our tournament official,” came that familiar, unknown man’s voice again. “Please come check in as soon as possible.”

“I can’t believe we’re here,” Saundra said.

“Agreed,” Misty said. “I can’t imagine where Drew’s headspace is.”

“Has anybody seen him?” Lance asked.

I shook my head. “You mean you and Brock didn’t see him?”

“Not at all,” Brock said. “We thought his interviews kept him busy until the showcase.”

“He should’ve had a break to eat before this,” I said. “Has anyone heard from him?”

I looked at our groupmates, but everyone shook their heads.

As we spoke among ourselves, Jeff entered our box and took an empty seat.

“Jeff, where’s Drew?” I asked. “Nobody here’s seen or heard from him.”

“I have no clue,” he said, his distressed expression not offering us any comfort. “I haven’t been able to reach him myself. His pokégear rings off the hook, and nobody from the tournament has seen him either. Officials asked if we were pulling the plug on his showcase, but I assured them he would be here. They’re putting him last, so I hope it gives him time to get here, wherever he is right now.”

Before we could formulate any plan, I saw the Golden Aura assembling into their formation on the battlefield, with Ping coming forward to address the crowds.

“I can’t sit here,” I said. “I’m gonna go find him. He has to be here somewhere. He wouldn’t be late for the biggest moment of his career.”

“I’m coming with you,” Jeff said. “You won’t have clearance anywhere without me.”

I nodded.

“Please keep us updated,” Misty said.

“I will. We’ll be back as soon as we find him.”



Chapter 18



The Savage Trickery and the Warrior’s Perseverance



I followed Jeff as we left our box and navigated around the crowd still entering the stadium as we entered an employee only area.

“Come on out, boys,” I said, releasing my companions from their confinement.

“Great idea,” Jeff said. “Do you have anything of Drew’s on you?”

I untied the hoodie around my waist and let them smell it. Jeff smirked at me.

“What?” I asked, trying not to chuckle at his expression. “It’s a sentimental thing.”

“Uh-huh, sure. If we weren’t so insistent on finding Drew, I’d grill you over your nose growing a few inches.”

“What does that mean?” I asked.

“Forget it,” he replied. “Let’s just find him so we can regain our peace.”

We followed my companions as they sniffed around, looking for a scent. Jeff showed his press badge to anyone we encountered, so we proceeded without hindrance. After a few minutes of searching, they brought us back to full attention after their barks returned and their paces quickened.

“Great job, boys,” I said as we hurried to follow them. “This shouldn’t take too much longer.”

We navigated through various hallways, with their noses still on his scent. With all the searching and covering a newer area, I hadn’t the faintest idea where we were, but having Jeff as a guide was a godsend for returning to the box once we located our champion.

With every minute of our search dragging out with anxious thoughts, my companions stopped in front of a door with a fastened piece of paper reading “Clinic.”

Jeff knocked on the door before opening it, bringing us into a wider office fashioned into a temporary clinic. With the enormous crowds, it couldn’t have been the only one. A set of curtains partitioned the space into two sections and obscured our view. A woman in scrubs emerged from them.

“Hello,” she said, a slight smile on her face to address us.

“Hi,” Jeff said, “we’re looking for a Drew Brown. We haven’t been able to get ahold of him, and our companions led us here.”

“Yes, he’s here,” she said. “And you are?”

“I’m his publicist,” Jeff said.

“And I’m his best friend.”

“Come on back,” she said, leading us into the curtained area where Drew laid on a makeshift bed, his blood pressure and oxygen levels being monitored.

He was awake, and a smile crept onto his face. His hand found mine as I came to his side.

“What happened?” Jeff asked. “It worried everyone when you weren’t responding.”

His smile evaporated, a look of annoyance replacing it. “Aurelian’s thugs attempted to disqualify me by binding me and putting me in a random office. I would’ve fought back more, but I thought I’d teleport away. But they put something to my nose after blindfolding me, and I was out. It wasn’t until I woke up I realized I was here.”

“One of the tournament officials found him unconscious in an abandoned office,” the nurse said, “and they brought him here after untying him. We’ve been monitoring his vitals for the last 15 minutes. It appears chloroform was the agent.”

My blood boiled. Could Aurelian stoop any lower to claim victory?

“That’s terrible,” Jeff said. “Does anyone else know?”

“Only the officials who found him, but Mr. Brown has requested everyone to keep this secret.”

“Are you serious?” Jeff asked him.

“Drew, this is gross irreverence to showmanship,” I said. “They can’t get away with this. Not only is this wrong, but they could’ve injured you far worse.”

“But I’d be who they think I’d be,” he replied. “Trying to disqualify them without fighting. That isn’t my style. They do whatever possible to disqualify me, but the joke’s on them when I appear in my showcase.”

“I wouldn’t recommend it,” the nurse said. “We still don’t know if there was any damage caused by their actions.”

“I can’t sit out,” he told her. “If I don’t perform, then I’m disqualified, and I didn’t spend all this time and travel thousands of miles away from home to concede. Are my levels okay?”

“Yes,” she said, “without further investigation, they seem stable, but we still don’t know if the exposure to chloroform has done any further damage.”

Drew rose to an upright position.

“I wish I could stay, but I won’t take this lying down. I’m meeting the challenge.”

”Drew, are you sure?” I asked. “Your health is important.”

”Of course,” he replied. “We didn’t travel across the globe to let some asshole do whatever he wants to prevail. I’m going down fighting.”

“It’s your choice, Mr. Brown,” the nurse said. “We can’t force you to remain here, but we do still recommend you undergo a full evaluation.”

“Once I finish the showcase and battle, I’m happy to be evaluated,” he said.

”And you do understand the risks you’re taking by waiting?”

He nodded.

The nurse removed the equipment from his body for him to put on his shirt. A tournament official entered the office and appeared through the curtain.

“We found your missing items, Mr. Brown,” he said. “One of your captors stashed them in an abandoned office.”

In his hands were Drew’s pokéballs and pokégear. Tape had kept them shut.

“Thank you,” Drew said, pocketing his pokégear and removing the tape.

“Return to the group,” Jeff said. “I’ll stay here with Drew to ensure he’s okay. The official can guide you back to the stadium seats.”

I hugged Drew tight, thrilled he was okay.

“Please take care of yourself,” I told him. “Do you need anything?”

“Just an espresso to combat my drowsiness,” he said, “but I’ll be fine. I’m hiding out until the last second.”

I nodded before bumping fists with Jeff.

“We’ll get him his espresso and monitor him,” Jeff said before turning to the official. “And please notify me when the third showcase finishes so we can escort Drew to the battlefield.”

“Of course, Mr. Marcos.”

I followed the official out of the clinic and through several hallways until we returned to the stadium seating. I retraced my steps before I returned to our box.

“Did you find him?” Saundra asked.

“Is he okay?” Misty asked.

I nodded. “Aurelian’s comrades tried to incapacitate him. He’s fine, but I’ll fill you in later. I’m so pissed, but at least he’s okay.”

Our group fidgeted as we bore through the second warriors’ showcase.

“You haven’t missed much,” Misty whispered to me.

I smirked, as nobody expected the show taking place soon. Still, the other warriors energized the crowds, the knowledge settling like a pit in my stomach.

The last showcase before Drew’s was Aurelian’s, and my blood boiled as he danced and showed off his martial arts skills to the Russian pop music they’d chosen, his expression remaining haughty and smug. It was an excruciating process to remain seated and bear through his entire performance without wanting to drop to the field and beat the crap out of him. But, after what felt like an eternity of torture, his performance ended. Jeff came and sat next to me, winking at me before we returned our views to the battlefield.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen, we have our final showcase for your viewing pleasure. Please give a rousing applause for our final semifinalist from Kanagawa, Japan, Drew Brown!”

The crowds cheered, somewhat apathetic compared to the other semifinalists, but nobody was prepared for our performance. I wished I could’ve witnessed the shock and anger from Aurelian’s camp when they saw Drew.

Taylor’s “Look What You Made Me Do” played first, with its introduction looped to give Drew’s dancers the time to form a circle on the battlefield. Everyone wore black jumpsuits shining in the fierce Phoenix sun. They danced in a militaristic formation as the song began, taking inspiration from Drew’s love of martial arts. Right before the chorus, they huddled together, and when they parted, Drew had teleported in wearing a camouflage shirt and combat pants, the crowds wild for what they believed was a magic trick.

He waved to his opponents before he and his dancers entered a pop dance sequence, which left me aroused seeing him dance in skin-tight gear. Seeing them feel their oats during the chorus was only the tip of the iceberg.

As the chorus finished, the music incorporated a record scratch bringing the music to a halt, with Drew flexing his muscles and his dancers falling to the ground as a result, giving him the chance to rip his pants and shirt off in one fluid motion (thanks to some genius altering), leaving him in a leather harness and camouflage mesh shorts hugging his assets.

The crowd loved it, with cheers and wolf whistles bathing the stadium. Once the next song “I Knew You Were Trouble” began, the dancers jumped to their feet before they unzipped their suits, leaving the male dancers in camouflage singlets and the females in camouflage leotards. Their dance incorporated more urban dancing, everyone moving in full cohesion with no slips in rhythm or formation. The crowds loved it all, but they had to have noticed the scroll of paper tucked inside his shorts.

When the chorus began, he took it and unraveled it, showing Aurelian’s photograph, which was a planned trick made more relevant with today’s trickery. With one swift motion and some tact, Drew kept some fire handy and let a massive fireball out of his mouth, incinerating the poster and earning excited and shocked cheers.

After their dance concluded with the end of the chorus, the record scratch came on again, giving Espeon and Dragonite their cues to escape from their pokéballs as “...Ready for It?” began, its bridge looping as his dancers ran around the battlefield, raising their arms to energize the crowds. Their next dance became more sensual as they danced to the verse, Espeon remaining still and Dragonite flying and entertaining the crowd. This dance allowed Drew to feel himself and embrace his sensuality, which only exacerbated my arousal.

Once the chorus finished, everyone stopped dead in their tracks as Dragonite let off a mighty Outrage attack. With a swift motion, Espeon used Psychic alongside a stealthy Drew, the fire surrounding the group in a dome. I held my breath as I watched, hoping this next trick landed. As soon as the fire evaporated, the dancers stood, unharmed, but Drew was gone, the bridge playing again.

I looked up and saw a slight speck on top of one of the horseshoe-shaped silos above the stadium. As Taylor approached her high note, Drew dove off, suspended in midair above the stadium and spinning while showing off some of his martial art forms. Dragonite shot off a Thunder attack, and with Espeon’s help it cycled around him in a spiral. Blizzard and Flamethrower attacks followed, all forming spirals around Drew in an elegant formation, earning standing ovations from the crowd.

I sobbed as I watched my vision come to life, the love and pride I had for him bursting forth. I exchanged hugs with Misty and Jeff, also overcome with emotion.

Once this formation completed, the attacks flashed across the battlefield in various directions as Drew began a descent to the battlefield, flipping through the air several times before landing on his feet and rejoining his dancers. The last song “I Did Something Bad” began.

The crowds cheered at the top of their lungs as the attacks swirling around the battlefield became spheres. When Blizzard and Thunder approached him, he leaned into his martial arts and disintegrated them with his feet. The last sphere was Dragonite’s Flamethrower, which Drew caught with his telekinesis and became his armor.

As one of our last tricks, Espeon used Psychic to grasp the many boulders around the stadium and swirled them around the battlefield. One by one, Drew used the focus he’d learned from his mentors and destroyed each boulder with various martial art forms. Once he’d destroyed the last boulder, the song ended, and Drew reformed the fire into a sphere and threw it into the air, where a hidden canister of confetti broke, raining over the battlefield.

The crowds all stood on their feet, cheering at the top of their lungs. Jeff and I embraced again, our hard work paying off and giving the most spectacular showcase to the crowds, eclipsing the performances of the other semifinalists.

“We did it,” I said, tears coating my cheeks.

“We make a fabulous team,” he said, releasing me. “And, by the way, I know.”

“You know what?”

“Your crush’s identity,” he said, winking.

“Oh, you do? And how would you know?”

He wiped the tears from my cheeks and padded my crotch. “It’s obvious.”

I blushed.

“I better get him examined with the nurse again before his battle. Catch you later, Mr. Happy.”

I shook it off and exchanged hugs with our group, exchanging some fast words before we returned to our seats. The Golden Aura returned to the battlefield after Drew left to have his vitals checked with the nurse.

“My, my, my,” Ping said into his microphone. “What a glorious spectacle we’ve witnessed today. Every semifinalist has thoroughly entertained us, and it’s a shame to bring this thrill to a grinding halt.”

The crowds cheered in agreement, with enthusiasm over the battles growing. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted a tournament official entering the battlefield and moving in Ping’s direction.

“We’re growing restless in meeting our finalists,” Ping continued. “For the first battle of the semifinals, we’re calling Drew Brown of Japan and Jing Qiang Chen of China to the field.”

The official bowed before Ping, who lowered the microphone to listen as they whispered into his ear for some added privacy.

Ping nodded, his smile unwavering before he raised the microphone back to his mouth.

“There’ll be a slight change,” he said. “A few of our warriors need some time to prepare for their match, so, instead, we’re calling Aurelian Borisyuk of Russia and Manu Balakrishna of India to the field. The first battle will begin once the semifinalists are ready.”

The Golden Aura left, and I turned to our group.

“I have no interest in watching Aurelian’s battle,” I said, trying to keep my disgust under control. “I’m checking on Drew.”

“Go ahead,” Saundra said.

“Please give him our love,” Lance said.

“We’ll watch and try to gather any relevant information for Drew,” Brock said.

“We’ll text you as soon as they announce the victor,” Misty said.

I smiled, left the box, and returned to the employee-only area. The tournament officials recognized me and didn’t bother me, which surprised me, but I retraced my steps and found the same clinic where Drew had been earlier. The nurse exited the curtain when I entered the office and allowed me to join her. Once there, I saw a fatigued and sweaty Drew sitting on the exam table, a thermometer under his tongue and his vitals being monitored again.

“Hey,” Jeff said, smiling when he saw me.

“How is he?”

“He’s doing well, considering the performance he gave,” the nurse said. “We still don’t recommend he battle until he’s been seen by our on-site doctor. But we understand the predicament this puts him in and will allow him to battle only if he returns here for a full exam.”

“Well, we have time beforehand,” I said.

“But the doctor’s attending to an emergency with another patient,” Jeff said. “That’s what we’re waiting on, and if he saw a doctor outside Realgam Tower, then we’d be forfeiting the match.”

“Is he at any immediate risk?” I asked.

The nurse checked the thermometer and his vitals. “As a preliminary check, his vitals appear stable, but they only tell us so much aside from checking his lungs, heart, and blood. Especially after exerting so much physical activity in his showcase, it’s dire that we evaluate him.”

“How do you feel, Drew?” Jeff asked.

“Spent, but I don’t feel sick. And I refuse to let that bastard keep me from my destiny.”

“Of course,” I replied. “As long as you don’t overexert yourself. Everyone sends their love and support. You were incredible out there.”

He smiled. “I’m grateful for it all, and I have some major help and inspiration.”

I tried to hide the blush coming to my cheeks, which only made Jeff chuckle under his breath.

“You made us all proud,” Jeff said. “For not being a dancer, you fooled the entire crowd and had them on their feet.”

“Then everything’s going according to plan,” Drew said.

“There’s no guarantee Aurelian will be in the finals,” Jeff said.

“I’d bet money he will,” I said.

“Agreed,” Drew said. “He’s crafty, and I’m certain he’s been biding his time and withholding his true power. Your footage from his match with Jake confirms it. It wouldn’t surprise me if he was waiting to use it for an opponent he finds worthy, and that isn’t me, but he’s gone to considerable lengths to make it here.”

“Whatever happens, we have faith in you,” I said.

“All right, Mr. Brown,” the nurse said. “You’re cleared for your next battle. But once the doctor is available, we’re coming to the field to evaluate you and gauge if you need further medical attention.”

“Thank you,” he said before the nurse removed the equipment from his body again.

He rose and joined Jeff and me in the hallway. We moved through the hallways until we were outside, near the battlefield but not on it. He released Lucario and Gallade from their pokéballs, massaging their limbs as we spoke.

“You feel ready?” Jeff asked.

“Of course,” he replied. “I’m not letting anybody get in my way.”

“As you shouldn’t,” I added. “Aurelian has to be stopped. The officials stopped me from teaching him a lesson, but maybe you can.”

“And that’s if his mind is open to that,” Drew said, making eye contact. “I don’t even think I could teach him anything. All he sees when he looks at us are unworthy opponents.”

“You’ve got that right,” I said. “He thinks he’s classy and strong, but I doubt the crowds buy into it.”

As I finished speaking, the crowds erupted into roaring applause.

“Braviary is unable to battle,” the announcer said through the speakers. “The winner of this battle, and the first finalist entering our Championship round, is Aurelian Borisyuk of Russia!”

The crowds cheered again, and my stomach churned.

“What a surprise,” I said.

“He won’t succeed,” Jeff said. “I believe in what we’re building. Give it your best, and we’ll manage the rest of this storm later.”

Drew nodded and shook his hand.

“Thank you for everything,” he said. “I couldn’t manage this entire campaign without you.”

“It’s my pleasure, Drew,” he said. “It’s been the honor of a lifetime to represent you.”

Drew smiled before turning to me. I walked into his embrace and held him close.

“I’m so proud of you,” I said. “Now, defeat your opponent.”

“Will do,” he said after releasing me and enclosing his body in his kimono.

“Best of luck,” Jeff said.

He nodded, called his pokémon back, and walked toward the battlefield, with Jeff and I following. As we approached, Aurelian and Manu left the battlefield, allowing Jeff and me to sit and watch.

“Now, to see who will join Aurelian in our Championship round, please welcome to the field our other semifinalists, Jing Qiang Chen of China and Drew Brown of Japan!”

Drew walked onto the battlefield, confident and resolute in seeing through this challenge. His opponent entered from the other side, wearing a traditional hanfu made of black satin with red trim covering their body from left to right with an accompanying sash of red satin and gold trim.

Drew and his opponent approached each other and stopped in the middle of the battlefield, where the tournament official waited.

“Are you okay to battle, Mr. Brown?” he asked.

Drew nodded.

“I want a respectful battle. Understood?”

Both nodded. Drew’s opponent bowed to him, his hands at his sides, though it was a simple bow and his head not lowering past his shoulders. Drew returned it, but yet he bowed lower than needed. For a competition, a simple bow was fine. Maybe even expected since Drew’s opponent had been leery of him from the beginning. It was a surprise to us all when he bowed lower. The smile on his face when he rose was contagious, though it didn’t affect his opponent’s stoic demeanor.

“Hǎo yùn,” Drew said to him.

“Yīyàng,” Qiang replied.

They walked to their respective sides of the battlefield and faced the other.

“What was that?” Jeff asked.

“Mandarin,” I replied. “Though I’m clueless as to what was said.”

“This battle between Jing Qiang Chen and Drew Brown will now begin,” the official said. “Each warrior will use three pokémon, and no substitutions may be made. The winner of this battle will join Aurelian in the finals, so may the best trainer prevail. Begin!”

Drew sent his pokéball out first, with his first teammate being Lucario. With no hesitation, his opponent threw out his first pokéball, and out of it came a pangoro, a fierce black and white ursine pokémon I wouldn’t want to cross paths with, even as my more muscular self.

“And our first matchup of this battle is Lucario versus Pangoro,” the announcer said. “A captivating start to an explosive battle.”

“Pangoro, Torment!”

Pangoro gave a stern look to Lucario, unaffected by it.

“Lucario,” Drew shouted, “Extremespeed!”

Lucario took off, a green aura surrounding it as it charged toward its opponent.

“Counter,” Qiang replied. “Quick Guard!”

As Lucario charged closer to Pangoro, its body became outlined in a red aura, clapping its hands together to form a red force field around it, negating Lucario’s attack.

“Now, Superpower!”

Drew had to think fast, as this attack would not only deliver damage to Lucario, but it would also weaken its attack and defense. And because of Torment, dodging with Extremespeed wasn’t an option.

Pangoro’s body shone with a light blue aura as it hit its mark, sending Lucario into the air.

“Now, Foul Play!”

Qiang’s tactic impressed me, as he played against Drew’s strengths. Lucario was a physical attacker, so I would’ve never thought to use its own strength against it, and it gave me reason to wonder how Drew would fare.

Through gritted teeth, Drew thought fast. “Lucario, spin and counter with Meteor Mash!”

Pangoro leapt off the ground only to be struck with Lucario’s high-powered Steel-type attack, with a rainbow of colors flooding the surrounding space. But, as it recoiled, Pangoro grabbed Lucario and hurled it to the ground. After the dust settled, both stood, but Lucario had sustained more damage than its opponent.

“Our battle has had an intense start, and Qiang has captured an early lead. How will Drew respond?”

Looking at Drew, with sweat forming on his brow, I couldn’t read what his next move would be. As soon as he attempted Extremespeed, Pangoro would respond with Quick Guard. While both pokémon were matched on resistances and weaknesses, Qiang had still taken an early lead through some ingenious strategy.

“This is tense,” Jeff said.

“I know,” I replied, “but it’s just starting.”

“Yeah, Drew’s battled well before, so he’s far from defeat.”

“Pangoro, use Fire Punch!”

Pangoro leapt off the ground and shuffled toward Lucario, its fist aflame.

“Counter with Extremespeed, and follow up with Aura Sphere!”

As soon as Pangoro was within striking distance, Lucario dodged, speeding around it before firing blue spheres from its paws.

“Pangoro, counter with Bulk Up!”

To counter, Pangoro tightened its stance, glowing crimson as the attack made contact, its attack and defense strengthened but still sustaining some damage.

“Keep up that Aura Sphere, Lucario!”

Like it was a baseball player, Lucario kept hurling spheres at its opponent, not relenting. And despite its stance, Pangoro was taking more damage.

“Now, Meteor Mash!”

Once the last sphere fired, it took off, its bone club glowing again.

“Counter with Drain Punch!”

Pangoro rushed toward Lucario, its paw glowing with green energy streaked with yellow before both attacks collided in smoke. After it cleared, both pokémon stood on their sides of the field, panting. Nobody knew which pokémon would prevail here.

“Pangoro, Fire Punch!”

“Lucario, counter with Dragon Pulse!

Once again, Pangoro took off but became hampered as it entered Drew’s side of the field and endured Lucario’s high-powered attack.

“Stay strong, Pangoro!” Qiang shouted.

The crowds responded with shock as Pangoro fought through the attack to deliver a blow to Lucario, both blown back to their sides and panting harder.

“Our warriors are giving everything they have,” the announcer said, “but this round may be over.”

“Pangoro, finish this with Night Slash!”

“Lucario, I believe in you,” Drew replied. “Attack with everything you have, my warrior. Meteor Mash!”

Both pokémon, though fatigued, sprinted to the center of the field, the collision creating an explosion, blanketing the field in smoke.

“Folks, this battle may be over. Such power from both of our semifinalists, but which pokémon is still standing?”

After the smoke cleared, both pokémon laid on their respective sides of the battlefield, knocked out.

“Pangoro and Lucario are both unable to battle, so this round is a draw.”

The crowds cheered as Drew and Qiang approached their pokémon. Qiang crouched and embraced his, a touching picture of two committed warriors who adored their pokémon. After they called them back to their pokéballs, they returned to their sides of the field, both determined to take the lead.

“These two warriors have fought hard and refuse to concede. So who’ll take the lead in the next round?”

Qiang threw out his next pokéball, out of which came an incineroar, a black and red pantherine pokémon standing on two legs with a fighter’s belt made of flames around its waist.

Drew threw out his next pokéball, out of which came his gallade. A smart choice, though Incineroar was an interesting choice for Qiang, and I wondered how Drew would counter. Incineroar not only had a useful ability if it became injured, but it also lowered Gallade’s attack, its strongest stat. Drew hadn’t won yet, and the thought of him pulling off an effortless victory continued to grow distant. Now it was time for Drew to curb Qiang’s strategy and catch a lead.

“Incineroar, use Throat Chop!”

The huge feline pokémon charged toward Gallade with its paws glowing purple, and at first I thought Drew would allow Gallade to take the attack, but his voice calmed my spirit.

“Gallade, counter with Close Combat!”

When the two collided, I worried about Gallade being at a disadvantage. But, when the dust settled, Gallade was still standing, and Incineroar had fallen. It stood, showing the damage Gallade inflicted.

“And a surprise attack comes out in Drew’s favor,” the announcer said. “Both trainers’ wit makes for a worthwhile battle.”

The crowd cheered in agreement.

Like a lightbulb coming on, I realized the significance. My accompanying gasp caught Jeff’s attention.

“Care to fill me in?” he asked. “I’m not an aficionado like you are.”

“Drew’s playing to Gallade’s abilities,” I replied. “Gallade had the means to dodge the attack, but its hidden ability comes into play. If it gets struck by a Dark-type move, it raises its strength.”

“How clever,” Jeff said. “But is Drew pidgey-holed because of Incineroar’s typing?”

“Not completely. Its typing means it’s immune to Gallade’s Psychic-type attacks, but Gallade’s Fighting-type attacks pack some serious hurt.”

“Guess we’ll have to see.”

“Incineroar, Flare Blitz!”

It charged toward Gallade again, this time surrounded by a red-orange flame.

“Not so fast,” Drew replied. “Gallade, Double Team!”

Now they had to overcome a new obstacle, and the attacked copy evaporated.

“And Drew has taken a slight lead with this diversion. But Qiang’s crafty, so what will he do to counter it?”

“Incineroar, use Acrobatics in tandem with Shadow Claw and destroy those clones!”

One by one, it swapped between being surrounded by blue energy as it sped around the battlefield, and its right paw glowing with a black aura and forcing the clones to disintegrate on contact. Soon, it spotted the real Gallade.

“Now, Incineroar, Shadow Claw!”

“Gallade, counter with Swords Dance, and give it another Close Combat!”

Both pokémon collided, the collision sending them back several feet, both panting. The end seemed near, but knowing them, neither Qiang nor Drew would concede.

“Now, Gallade, end this! Focus Blast!”

“We’re not losing today,” Qiang replied. “Incineroar, use Bulk Up!”

Its stance changed, glowing crimson, taking minor damage.

“Now, Throat Chop!”

After it stopped, it charged again with his paws glowing.

“Gallade, Protect!”

Once they made contact, a green force field protected Gallade, canceling out the attack.

“Neither side will relent,” the announcer said, “and both pokémon are evenly matched. The end doesn’t seem near… or is it?”

“It is,” Qiang said.

“I agree,” Drew replied. “Gallade, Close Combat!”

“Dodge with Acrobatics, Incineroar, and follow up with Body Slam!”

As soon as Gallade got close, Incineroar flew out of its reach before rebounding.

“Dodge, Gallade!”

Because of its exhaustion, its attack hit its mark. After it fell back to the ground, Gallade’s movements had almost ceased.

“Damn paralysis,” Jeff said. “This isn’t good.”

“It’s not,” I replied, “but Drew still isn’t out yet.”

“How can you be so certain?”

“Just watch. There are more tactics Drew hasn’t used yet.”

Qiang smiled, some malevolence tucked away. “You’ve fought well, Drew, but this ends here. Now, finish this with Shadow Claw!”

We both looked at Drew, but he didn’t look pained or frustrated. His smile matched Qiang’s.

“You fought well, Gallade, but not well enough,” Qiang said.

“Don’t be so sure,” Drew said, watching as Incineroar moved closer. “We still have some surprises left. Gallade, Dazzling Gleam!”

An excellent choice, given Gallade’s paralysis. It emitted a luminous glow like the sun, a rainbow of colors spilling out of it that struck its opponent, stopping it dead in its tracks and sending it back. Once it faded, Incineroar was on the ground, knocked out.

“Incineroar is unable to battle. The winner of this round is Gallade!”

The crowds cheered, and Qiang paid some loving attention to Incineroar before calling it back and returning to their side of the field.

“Qiang only has one pokémon left,” the announcer said. “Can he turn this around and claim victory? Or will Drew enter the finals?”

He looked perplexed, not expecting to be pushed to his limits.

Without warning, Gallade slumped over, succumbing to its exhaustion.

“Gallade is unable to battle, so Drew has only one pokémon remaining as well.”

Drew loved on his warrior a moment before calling it back. Now was the moment of truth. What would Drew do to prevail?

“It’s come to this,” the announcer added. “One pokémon each, and our warriors’ strategies will make or break their chances of entering the finals. Who will triumph?”

The crowd erupted into a chorus of cheers, with it split between those cheering for Qiang and those for Drew. It was a sight to behold.

Both trainers threw out their last pokéballs, and I held my breath as we saw them appear. On Qiang’s side was his rillaboom, a charcoal-gray troglodytic pokémon with leaves sprouting out of its head, wrists, and waist, and on Drew’s side his metagross.

I smiled, knowing Drew wouldn’t struggle as much with this matchup. Sure, Rillaboom looked tough, but Metagross was a tank with impressive attack and defense, ensuring Drew’s victory.

“And our final round of this battle is Rillaboom versus Metagross. It’s anyone’s game, so our warriors have their work cut out for them to claim victory.”

“Rillaboom, use Sunny Day!”

It hooted and hollered and pounded on the wooden drum it brought from its back, with the sunlight above the battlefield intensifying. It wasn’t difficult to see where this strategy was heading.

“Metagross, Rock Polish!”

Its body shone with a white aura, accentuated by the harsh sunlight, increasing its speed.

“Now, Rillaboom, Solarbeam!”

Within seconds, it powered off a high-energy attack from its mouth, powered by the sunlight.

“Counter with Psychic!”

Metagross’ attack was effortless, its well-developed mind stopping the attack in its tracks and bringing to its side of the field as a ring of energy coursing around us.

“Now, Metagross, combine Rillaboom’s attack with your Hyper Beam!”

In the same fashion, a high-energy beam escaped from Metagross’ mouth and combined with Rillaboom’s Solarbeam for a grander attack. Few pokémon could evade an attack of this magnitude.

“Rillaboom, use Frenzy Plant to counter!”

As soon as the attack reached Qiang’s side of the field, massive plants erupted out of the battlefield like a wall to negate the attack. Both pokémon took a moment to recharge, and each considered their strategies.

“It all comes down to this, folks,” the announcer said. “A few moves could decide the victor.”

“Rillaboom, use Solar Blade!”

A sphere of sunlight began charging around its right hand, and once it took the shape of a blade, Rillaboom charged, ready to swing.

“Metagross, counter with Meteor Mash!”

Metagross flew toward Rillaboom, its claw glowing white and pulled back. Soon, both made contact, and a dazzling flash preceded an explosion, sending both pokémon backward.

Qiang’s frustration showed as Rillaboom showed some fatigue, and part of me sympathized for him. He’d fought this entire tournament to enter the finals, and the chances of victory were slipping further from his grasp. But he and Drew shared a similar fighter’s spirit, so he’d fight to the end.

“Rillaboom, use Leaf Storm!”

Several glowing leaves materialized off its body, and as it roared, they multiplied and formed a glowing tornado shooting fast toward Metagross.

“Metagross, counter with Cosmic Power!”

As the attack neared, Metagross glowed with a blue-purple aura, heightening its defenses and reducing the amount of damage it took.

“Argh, Rillaboom, use Darkest Lariat!”

It charged at Metagross again before spinning like a top.

“Two can play that game,” Drew said. “Metagross, counter with Gyro Ball!”

Metagross moved and spun like a top also, both colliding and sustaining damage, though Metagross was taking far less than Rillaboom. The pressure ate at Qiang as he pondered, sweat on his forehead and his expression anything but confident.

“Rillaboom, Solarbeam!”

“Metagross, end this. Flash Cannon at full power!”

As soon as Rillaboom’s attack fired, Metagross opened its mouth and charged a silver orb before it shot out a humongous wave of energy. They collided with an explosion and a flash of light, with the ground beneath us quaking. Once the smoke cleared, we saw Rillaboom on the ground, knocked out.

“Rillaboom is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Metagross. Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in congratulating Drew Brown of Japan as our second finalist and will battle Aurelian in our championship battle.”

The crowds erupted into cheers, with Qiang sinking to his knees. Drew walked across the battlefield and offered his hand to a downtrodden Qiang. Despite the roar of the crowd drowning out what they said, he brought him to his feet, shook his hand, and bowed low to each other, earning a smile before he left the field.

I saw our group in the audience jumping in hysterics, and I fought back tears.

To our displeasure, Aurelian returned to the field, along with the Golden Aura. His presence aggravated my composure, but Jeff’s arm around me kept me relaxed.

“What a treat today was,” Ping said. “Our search is over, and it’s all led us to this moment. In three days’ time, we will crown our new Grand Master. Thank you for your time and hard work, and we look forward to a magnificent championship battle.”

As the crowd gave its final applause and dispersed, the nurse and doctor came onto the battlefield and spoke to Drew a moment before he followed them off the field, with Jeff and me following.

~ ~ ~

Our group sat with Drew as his medical team examined him, with the doctor listening to his lungs and heart and having blood drawn for a nearby lab to analyze for review. Aside from the final say on the bloodwork, they cleared Drew to resume normal activities. We had a lovely celebratory dinner of tri-tip and roasted vegetables and potatoes before we returned to our suite, with the rest of our group joining us to catch our earlier interview’s airing. Energy was soaring and cheerful among us, and I cuddled with Lance and Drew as we watched, trying to keep my arousal in check.

“It was, without a doubt, the highlight of my week,” Cynthia said to the co-anchors of their evening news program. “Jake and his mother were fascinating and spirited, and an excellent system of support for Drew as he approaches the toughest fight of his career.

“Way to go!” Lance said, ruffling my hair.

“That was a wonderful interview,” Brock added.

“I’m so proud,” Saundra said.

Drew held me close. “Me too. And to think we started in Team Rocket, and look where we are now.”

I blushed. “It’s all to support you.”

Drew smiled. “She was gracious. And everyone had fun.”

“We certainly did,” I replied. “It was so wonderful getting back into the kitchen after sitting around.”

“Agreed,” Saundra said.

Drew changed the channel, and a unique news segment was on, this time covering Drew’s showcase, recapping his unbelievable feats of strength and telekinesis in Realgam Stadium. But, to our surprise, the panel of people discussed it like a spoof.

“Even Drew’s opponent says it was all a sham,” one panelist said. “Given his having a Psychic-type pokémon on the battlefield, they didn’t believe any of that power came from Drew himself.”

Other stations had the same coverage, with many voicing similar sentiments.

“That’s crazy,” I said. “How people make naïve assumptions when it was right in front of them.”

“It doesn’t surprise me,” Drew said. “It’s a lot for people to believe. None of us believed it until we saw it with our own eyes.”

“While that’s true, Espeon wasn’t responsible for everything, right?” Misty asked.

Drew nodded. “It was all part of Jeff’s plan. Espeon had some control over the field, and I had full control over myself.”

“People are impossible to please,” Brock said.

“Especially with Aurelian slinging mud and stones at you in interviews,” Lance added.

“Aren’t you going to set the record straight?” Ken asked.

Drew shook his head. “Even with this argument, this still allows our plan to move forward.”

“Why?” I asked.

“Because,” Drew replied, “if nobody believes what they saw was real today, then it’ll make it that much more dynamic during the Championship battle with my full power displayed.”

I understood him. Whereas Aurelian wanted to downplay what we saw and sow doubt, this would backfire on him later.

“Besides,” Brock added, with his tablet in his hands, “the ambivalent news coverage is only fueling the conversations online. The more social media users debate if what they saw was real, the heftier this conversation gets, and Drew serves to benefit.”

“So let Aurelian talk his shit,” Drew said. “It won’t earn him anything.”

“That’s the spirit, Drew!” Saundra said.

After accepting some hugs and high-fives, Drew let out a yawn.

“You’ve had a stressful day,” Brock said. “We’ll get out of here so you can rest.”

We exchanged more hugs before our group left.

“Catch you later, Jake,” Lance said.

“Me too,” Misty said.

Within a few moments, the space was empty except for Drew and me.

“Looking forward to your dance competition?” Drew asked.

I nodded.

“I wish I could stay awake long enough to cheer you on,” he said, “but I’m afraid I’ll fall asleep in the shower, let alone in my own bed.”

“It’s all okay,” I replied. “You’ve fought so much today, so you deserve to rest.”

“Thanks, kiddo, but I’ll be cheering along in spirit.”

I smiled. “Thanks, Your Excellence.”

He ruffled my hair. “Don’t mention it. I’m gonna hop in the shower and head to bed. Do you need anything out of there?”

I shook my head.

As Drew showered, the topic I’d run from returned with a vengeance, and Lance wasn’t around to interrupt me again. Once a clean, naked Drew returned, my arousal awakened, my mouth dry, and my conscience tapping me on the shoulder and reminding me I needed to get on with this confession.

But, once he was in bed, gazing at me, I retired to the bathroom to brush my teeth, hoping to distract myself as I rehearsed what to say.

When I returned, the atmosphere became tinged with awkwardness again, along with anticipation. I sat on my bed, ignoring it, as Drew watched news coverage of his performance and the upcoming battle, not to mention giving profile information on him and Aurelian.

My conscience was obnoxious. There’d never be an ideal time. I understood that. But this anxiety ate at me. I looked at him, and when our eyes met, fear struck my heart, looking away fast and rethinking my strategy.

What other distractions were available? Hopping in the shower, walking around outside, and getting some practice at the club before the competition resumed.

Damn it, Jake! Do it! This anxiety won’t leave by wishing it away.

I weighed my options, still not knowing what to choose. I peered at Drew again, and when our eyes met, I thought I had the courage to confess. But all I saw was Drew rejecting me, furious when he needed to focus or rest, or of sadness of our friendship fractured for all eternity.

As much as I desired to gaze into his eyes and say the words I’d dreamt of saying, I couldn’t. I just couldn’t.

“Jake?”

I stood and checked my hair in the mirror, still looking presentable, but I had to leave and not show my weakness. Not here. Not in front of Drew. Losing myself in some music at the club for practice called my name.

As I grabbed my shoes and slipped them on, I heard it again.

“Jake?”

I looked at Drew, and a look of concern framed Drew’s face.

“Before you leave, I need to ask you something.”

“Can it wait? I realized I forgot something I needed to do before the competition starts.”

The concern morphed to disappointment. It killed me to look uninterested. It was for my own good.

“I… uh… sure. Sorry, Jake. I guess I’ll see you in the morning.”

I attempted a smile, but I was out the door in seconds and didn’t gauge his reaction.



Chapter 19



The Haunting Memory within the Returned Favor



~Jake’s POV~

I hoped morning would bring relief, but it was too much to ask for. I’d had the perfect opportunity to talk to Drew, and I’d bolted from the suite.

Fuck, I’m such an idiot.

By the time I returned from dancing, Drew was already asleep. I’d exhausted myself, and after a fast shower, I laid awake for a while with guilt, wishing I could wake Drew and get out everything, and I spent the entire night tossing and turning.

When I dozed off, another nightmare of furious Drew rejecting me and elaborating on how much he didn’t want me plagued my dreams, which was less bizarre than the previous dream with those disgusting ghouls, but the harsh words he’d used left me in tears. I woke and tried to keep my sobs hidden, with my companions cuddling me and licking away my tears. None of my other dreams afterward brought any comfort, as they were of normal life without Drew, searching for him and returning empty-handed.

By morning, I woke exhausted, and my anxiety covered me like a weighted blanket, unyielding in its resolve to release my spirit. Rather than grounding me, it pinned me to the ground. My eyes stung, and as I turned over, I realized Drew and his pokémon had left. I sighed and laid on my back, wondering what to do.

There was a knock at the door. I’m sure it was Brock and Lance, here for a workout before breakfast. I groaned, threw the quilt off me and thereby woke my companions, and answered the door. The peep hole confirmed my suspicion. I disregarded any indecency wearing only my briefs, now face to face with Lance and Brock in their workout gear.

“Hey, are you ready?” Brock asked.

“Doesn’t look like it,” Lance said, noticing my lack of proper dress with a smirk.

“Sorry, guys,” I said, playing with the door guard and refusing to act embarrassed, like this wasn’t how it appeared. “I didn’t sleep well last night. Can I take a raincheck?”

“Yeah, sure,” Brock said.

“Are you okay, Jake?” Lance said. “This isn’t like you.”

“...Yes,” I lied. “I’m fine. I wanted to rest longer before starting my day.”

“All right, if you’re sure,” Brock replied.

“We’ll catch you later, Jake,” Lance said before I waved them off and shut the door.

I groaned and flopped onto my bed and buried my head under my pillow. I didn’t see how remaining in bed would help me be productive, but I had no energy to care. My companions came closer for comfort. I remained like this for a while without falling asleep.

With zero success, I left my bed to pull down the sunshade and cast the suite into darkness. Then, rather than returning to my bed, I grabbed Drew’s shirt off the floor and climbed into his bed and covered myself with the sheet. I took a large whiff and lost myself in the smell of Drew’s cologne and sweat. The aroma brought some comfort, as his bed smelled like him, and his lingering spirit enveloped me in an embrace. In his bed, it took no time to doze off.

But someone turning on the lights interrupted my rest. My companions, still in my bed, awakened to sniff out the intruder, my first thought being the maid. But, looking up, it was Lance, looking sweaty but handsome in his workout attire.

“Hey, Hǔ zǐ… I wanted to check on you,” he said, sitting next to me. When his hand found mine, sparks flew, and my arousal awakened. “The group is heading to breakfast, but your spirit felt off. Blowing off exercise with us concerned me.”

Speech failed me as my eyes found his. Desire flooded my being, and I brought him closer to me and kissed him, wanting his body on mine, his musk arousing me.

“Jake,” he said, a shocked breath escaping from his lungs. “What are you-”

“Fuck, I want you so bad, Lance,” I said, kissing him down his neck. “I’ve never wanted you more…”

I brought him into another kiss, but he didn’t reciprocate.

“What’s gotten into you?” he asked.

My painful erection strained in my briefs, but I grinded against him, with his own awakening. But his facial expression didn’t match the mood.

“I love you,” I said. “I’m over these feelings. Maybe the happiness we’ve wanted is right in front of us.”

Lance settled into bed with me and held me, still not kissing me back as I tried to bring him into another one, my tongue desiring his and wanting his devilish spirit to satisfy my carnal desires.

“Hǔ zǐ,” he said, breaking away, “you know how much I love you, and it’s far too easy to make love to you.”

“Yes, please…”

“…But this doesn’t sound like you.”

“It is. I can’t keep doing this. Lance, I want you. I don’t know why I was so stubborn.”

“Jake… I will always love you and consider you one of my closest friends… but when we fooled around years ago, you told me it wasn’t healthy for us to be involved. And, now, I agree.”

“You… agree?”

He nodded. “It wasn’t wise to be involved then… and it’s not now. I’m still heartbroken… and you love Drew.”

I nodded, but the realization of everything came full circle. My only hope for romance at this present moment crumbled. The blockade against my dreams and last night’s events crumbled. And now my composure crumbled.

“Hǔ zǐ, what’s wrong? Come here.”

I sobbed into his arms, so perturbed about why my feelings were in such disarray. But, as they released, my tears cleared my vision on the true subject of my affections.

“Sounds like you need a lifeline. I know how crazy you are for Drew. Did something happen last night?”

I shook my head and explained the dreams I’d had countless times.

“Hǔ zǐ, I’m so sorry. That must be excruciating for you, especially struggling with your feelings.”

I nodded, tears coming again. I rested my head on his chest as he rubbed my back, his musk continuing to arouse me. But my earlier lust evaporated with more knocks on the door, accompanied by Misty and Saundra.

“Brock advised Jake wasn’t well, so you two not being at breakfast concerned us,” Saundra said.

“Are we interrupting anything?” Misty asked.

I shook my head.

“Jake’s struggling, so I wanted to support him,” Lance said.

Misty sat on the bed near me. “Is this about you-know-who?”

I nodded, tears in my eyes.

Saundra sat on the bed also, her smile tainted with sadness.

“Is this a private conversation?” she asked me.

I shook my head. “Mom, there’s a lot I haven’t told you. I might as well come clean.”

Misty laid a hand on my side. “What happened last night?”

I looked at her, concern on her face. “...I barely slept. After dinner, things between us were awkward.”

“Did you two talk?”

I shook my head. “I was too nervous… and, when Drew wanted to talk, I bolted and scurried to the club early.”

“Oh, Jake…”

My emotions resurfaced again. As tough as I fought to keep them contained, I wouldn’t be able to keep them hidden. “When I came back, Drew was asleep. I felt so guilty for dismissing him, and my anxiety kept me awake. My nightmares of losing him are too much for me...”

Saundra and I locked eyes, and it was enough for me to cry. She deserved to know.

“How did you get to Drew’s bed?” Misty asked.

“After Brock and Lance left, I could only rest when I laid here. Until Lance returned, and I broke.”

“You’re still struggling with telling him?”

I nodded, tears falling from my eyes.

Saundra tried to smile, but the pain on her face mirrored mine.

“What are you having trouble telling him?” she asked me.

I looked her in the eye and croaked out the words. “I’m… I’m in… love with Drew.”

Surprise overtook her face, and there were tears in her eyes also, which exacerbated my own.

“Oh, dear.”

Lance held me close.

“I can’t help it. For almost seven years, I’ve been in love… and keeping this inside is killing me. I want to tell him… but I don’t want to distract him. Not now, before the final battle with Aurelian… and I’m so afraid he… he’ll… reject me.”

Saundra brought me into her arms, and I cried on her shoulder as she rubbed my back. Misty’s arm was also around me, trying to help with bringing some comfort, with Lance covering the remaining portion of my person.

“I don’t want to lose him… after everything we’ve been through. My world would crumble if I lost him.”

“It’s okay,” Saundra said, still holding me, with Misty observing and Lance pondering. “I felt the same way when our doctor phoned me to say Drew’s blood had shown cancer markers. Jake, you’re not alone. You have us here to support you. You’re my son, and you couldn’t do or tell me anything that would make me love you less.”

I hadn’t witnessed Saundra being so emotional around me, and her words kindled my grief and love for her.

“I hate seeing you in so much turmoil. I wish there was more we could do for you. But always know we love you. That won’t change. Regardless of what happens, we’re here for you.”

“Us too,” Misty added.

“We love you to the moon and back, Hǔ zǐ.”

“...I can’t tell you how much I love you all for that.”

Once my tears stopped, I looked at Misty and Saundra, both still smiling, trying to keep my composure since I’d had enough release for the moment, with Lance holding me close still. I didn’t want to leave the safety of his embrace.

“What do you plan on doing?” Misty asked.

“I don’t know. But I can’t keep this hidden any longer.”

“Do you want us to help you?” Misty asked. “You might feel more confident with some support when you tell him.”

“I appreciate the offer, but I have to find the courage to acknowledge my fear and conquer it.”

“I wish we knew something that would help,” Saundra said. “Drew’s experiences in Team Rocket were traumatic, but they didn’t stop him from dating. Even with trauma, it shows people can change and move on. We evolve into better versions of ourselves. I can’t tell you how he feels. But, as terrifying as it is, you’ll know when you tell him.”

“And we’ll support you in whatever the outcome is,” Misty said.

I smiled. “Thank you both.”

“I can offer something,” Lance said.

“You can?” Misty asked.

He nodded, his blue eyes somber still from all the emotions shared. “I waited till I was ready and for the right time to share.”

“What is it?” Saundra asked.

“It’s a story I’ve kept to myself of the one time in my life when Drew’s pain almost broke me… aside from my current romance problems. It was when Drew and I deployed to France, having just gotten our bearings and were preparing for our mission. That was when Drew learned about Jake’s suicide attempt.”

The silence and solemn air took hold of me, and Lance’s eyes became misty.

“It was the only time I’d seen him powerless, devastated… broken beyond repair.”

“What happened?” Saundra asked.

“Silver notified Drew of a problem that arose at home. His message stated Jake had almost attempted suicide, but he’d stopped him beforehand and, by the time he’d sent the message a few days later, Jake was fine.”

Shame consumed me as I listened, my tear ducts burning again, much like everyone else’s.

“When I saw the text, it had already broken Drew. His commanding officer had found him hyperventilating in a common area, and I rushed to him and tried to pacify him. When our men and I brought him to the medic, they concluded he was having a severe panic attack. Rather than send him home on leave, because of the critical nature of our mission, our commanding officers gave him time to rest instead. That sight will always haunt me.”

“That was my greatest fear,” I said, trying to keep my emotions at bay.

“It almost destroyed him, Hǔ zǐ,” he said, restricting any sobs materializing out of his voice as he spoke. “When I rushed to his side, he was lightheaded, had heart palpitations, and couldn’t breathe. When the medic stabilized him, he couldn’t stop sobbing, the pain in his spirit so egregious that it cut to the heart of those closest to him. He believed that, despite any of us attempting to reason with him, his absence contributed to your mental health flareup and being gone put him at risk of losing you forever, and the thought of no longer having you in his life shattered him to the core. He didn’t leave his barrack for days, wouldn’t communicate with us, wouldn’t eat. And it was a solid week before he returned to the field.”

I wiped my eyes, with everyone overcome with emotion.

“I’m such a fool,” I said, trying not to sob myself.

Lance wiped his eyes. “It wasn’t just you, Hǔ zǐ. This also wasn’t long after he and his significant other split, so it was terrible timing…”

I didn’t know what to say, my mind captivated by how foolish I’d been to consider doing something that would’ve destroyed my best friend.

“I was at his side throughout the ordeal,” Lance continued, “and it killed me to see my younger brother so pained and so devastated. It took many conversations to get him back on track and he understood everything at home was fine. He’d been sober for months after stopping cold turkey on cigarettes, and his cravings returned. And coupled with his heartbroken spirit and his homesickness, it was a perfect trigger. But he continued on our mission and had a greater motivation for his inner flame. And trust me, Hǔ zǐ, he was ruthless with Team Flare. Before long, we completed our mission and returned home.”

“Thank you for sharing that with us,” Saundra said, blotting her eyes with a tissue. “It must’ve been excruciating to endure and relive today.”

“I love him dearly, and I couldn’t do anything but remain by his side,” he said before his focus turned back to me. “He’s done so much good for the world. And I want to help you right now in regard to him, Hǔ zǐ. In hindsight, I understand what was at play there.”

“What was it?” I asked.

“Hǔ zǐ, you’re so conflicted over whether to tell him the truth. But, if I had to bet, I’d say he loves you, too.”

“...You’re fooling me.”

“I swear I’m not. When we spent Thanksgiving together, I knew nothing except for your friendship being strong. That’s why when you told me about your feelings, I thought nothing of it. The entire ordeal with his panic attack was gut-wrenching because he loved you so much, and the thought of losing you destroyed any hopes he had of living. I thought it was your strong friendship responsible for his reaction, but now I believe it had to have been love. So you need to tell him, Hǔ zǐ. Because I wouldn’t doubt he’d reciprocate and return all the love and devotion you deserve. Or, if he’s hesitant, this is your chance to convince him this is love you both have waited lifetimes for.”

We were silent for a while, digesting his revelation that left my emotions scattered, but my vision was clearer than it had been moments ago. We didn’t speak for several moments so we could gather ourselves again.

“Will you be okay?” Misty asked.

I nodded. “...It’ll take some time, but yes… thanks to Lance.”

He smiled, kissed me, and hugged me tight.

“I’m always here for you, Jake. I’ll leave you all be.”

“Thank you,” I replied.

He gave warm hugs to them before he left. Their attention turned back to me.

“How was dancing last night?” Misty asked.

“...It went well. I’ve climbed the leaderboard, and I tried my best to dance my anxiety off, but it was still a lot of fun. Tonight’s the big night, and my performance will determine if I earn that Championship belt.”

“Well, I hope sleeping late this morning will have you rested enough to do your best,” Saundra said.

“Let’s hope.”

“Do you want to join us for breakfast?” Misty asked.

“Sure, as soon as I’m presentable.”

“We’ll meet you there,” Saundra said before they hugged me and left.

I made sure the door clicked shut before I dressed fast and called back my companions and joined them.

Since Drew would be away most of the day, I spent it with Misty in either of our suites, dancing to American radio to channel my energy and prepare myself for the grandest competition of my life.

~ ~ ~

~Drew’s POV~

I thought today would never end.

Everything dragged. I’d risen before Jake and took the shuttle to Phenac City to have one last training with my team. They gave me everything they had in an all-out onslaught against me, with my defending myself at all costs and redirecting everything I could and sparring with every fiber of my being. By the time I exhausted all my pokémon, I was breathless and sweaty.

Afterward, I dropped them off at the Pokémon Center to be healed while Espeon, Ninetales, and I meditated in the Zen garden at the Prestige Training Center. Then, I moved to the spa for some sauna time, a mud bath, and a deep tissue massage. After lunch at a local bistro, I met the press at Phenac Stadium for interviews, as the other half of the press was interviewing Aurelian at Realgam Colosseum. To meet with every reporter and answer their questions took all afternoon.

The sun was lower in the sky by the time I finished, so I rushed to the Pokémon Center to retrieve my team before taking the shuttle back to Realgam Tower. All I wanted was my group.

I entered the tower and navigated through the existing crowd back to our normal restaurant, packed with customers, with my group nowhere in sight.

“Oh, hello, Drew,” Carol called to me. “You missed your group about 30 minutes ago.”

“Oh, shoot,” I replied. “Guess my day took longer than I expected.”

This was a major disappointment. Brock told me not to worry if I wasn’t available, but I said I’d be there for dinner.

“Don’t even fret,” she said. “I’m sure they’re enjoying themselves somewhere on one of the other floors. Anyway, I’d seat you now, but we’re full. It’s your choice - I can seat you when a table is available, or I can send it to your suite.”

“To the suite is fine,” I told her with a smile. “Thank you.”

“What would you like?”

“I’ll have the chef special, whatever it is today.”

“Wonderful, I’ll have them bring it shortly!”

I walked to the hotel elevators and rode to our floor. When I reached our suite, it disappointed me that Jake wasn’t there. I didn’t know where everyone was, so I made myself comfortable and waited for my dinner, stroking Espeon’s and Ninetales’ fur while I reacquainted myself with the top news stories, texting Brock to see where they were. The media had dedicated all their coverage to the tournament, and some interviews we’d conducted that day were already airing.

“No, he has no chance,” Aurelian said in his interview. “If they haven’t already seen it, everyone, including the Golden Aura, will see he’s not worthy of the title, and my pokémon and I will make sure they see that tomorrow.”

I couldn’t help but laugh, hoping others could see through his façade.

“What makes him unqualified for the title?” the reporter asked.

“He’s a criminal, and he’s nowhere near me with mastering pokémon. Need I say more?”

When I couldn’t stand to hear him babble any longer about what a bastard I was, I changed the channel and caught one of my interviews.

“Your opponent has been vocal about your shortcomings in interviews, even using frank terms about your past,” the reporter said. “How do you handle it when you’re preparing for the grandest battle in history?”

“Well, I don’t intend on responding, nor do I condone what he says, as it isn’t fair to talk about someone when they’re not present. I choose to focus instead on gratitude, and years ago, I wouldn’t have imagined myself being here, and I get to share this historic moment with my loved ones. Regardless of if I’m victorious, I’m honored to be here.”

A knock on the door called my attention.

“Good evening, Mr. Brown,” the waiter said. “Your dinner, sir.”

“Oh, yes, please come in.”

He wheeled his cart in and set my plate and silverware on the desk.

“Thank you so much,” I said, handing him a larger bill for bringing everything to our suite.

“My pleasure, sir, enjoy,” he replied before wheeling the cart out and disappearing behind the door.

I ate and continued to watch the news while Espeon and Ninetales dozed. The kitchen had sent filet mignon, vegetables, and mashed potatoes, a definite treat after such a grueling day. When I finished, Brock sent a message back, telling me they were at The Sixth Queendom nightclub on the sixth floor, and the competition was nearing its climax, with Jake part of four finalists neck and neck for the title. I looked through our dresser at what I brought, having nothing swanky to wear, so I opted to stick with my trusty jeans and a dressy sweater over a muscle tank. I brushed my teeth and changed before making sure my hair was still presentable. After some cologne, I told Espeon and Ninetales I’d be back soon and left.

I rode the elevator to the sixth floor and observed my surroundings at the Pride colors and any signs for the nightclub and entered, getting a nod from the bouncer. I walked through and saw lots of people schmoozing. Friends having fun, or couples locked in embraces or affection. To my surprise, I zoned out before remembering why I was there.

“All right, dance fans,” the DJ said as he called everyone together. “Thank you all so much for joining us. This crowd is gigantic, and we’re all ready to cheer on our four finalists. Are you ready for some epic dancing?!”

Everyone roared and cheered, and I joined in, wondering where our group was. Jake was front and center, along with his three competitors, and he looked ecstatic. I knew that look - he’d had a drink or two already. I moved around some patrons to get a better view.

“Great! We’ve been following these four contestants for the last three days, and their total points earned brought them to tonight’s championship round. For you returning guests, it’ll look strange from the previous three nights. To those who’re new, we’ll be giving our dancers a dance challenge to narrow our final two, and then they’ll have to spin our Leave-Your-Life-on-the-Dancefloor Wheel to pick their final challenge to wow our audience. Are you ready for the thrill of your lives?”

The crowds erupted into cheers again.

“That’s what we like to hear. Judges, you have a tough call tonight, but we wish the best of luck to everyone.”

The DJ left his station and offered a top hat to the finalists, picking pieces of paper out of it.

“Our first challenge is unique and will require our finalists to pair up for a West Coast Swing dance-off. Whichever pair prevails will face sudden-death, where each will dance for their lives, and our judges will crown our new champion. Dancers, look at your pieces of paper for the number you’re assigned. Whoever shares your number will be your partner.”

The finalists paired off, with Jake pairing with the cute blonde girl next to him.

“Remember,” the DJ continued, “your chemistry with your partner is your pair’s greatest advantage in being considered for sudden death. Couple number one is first.”

Jake and his partner were first, with the other pair making space for them on the dance floor. Britney Spears’ “(You Drive Me) Crazy” played, and what played out in front of me must’ve contained magic. And I’m sure everyone else wouldn’t have argued.

Like two ballroom dancers taking a traditional art form and putting a modern spin on it, Jake and his partner, whom I assumed hadn’t danced with him, glided around the dance floor, the chemistry between them unmistakable. The way they held, twirled, and guided each other around the dancefloor gave the impression they’d been dancing together their entire lives.

Their nuances and grace, not to mention their chemistry together and their individualized performances, earned them a massive applause when the song ended, prompting them to make space for the other pair. Their song was Rihanna’s “S&M”, and the couple took advantage of the song’s sexual nature to enhance their own sensual movements. But their chemistry wasn’t as compelling, so when the song finished and the audience applauded, the choice was obvious.

“Wow, what marvelous performances,” the DJ said, leaving his station and schmoozing among the finalists on the dance floor. “They’ve proven why they deserved to be on this stage, but we can only pick two finalists for sudden death. Judges, please tabulate your scores and pass them over.”

A moment later, one of the judges handed him a slip of paper. After reviewing it, he grinned before raising his microphone.

“Our judges have spoken… and the winners of our dance off are Jake and Sara!”

Jake and his partner hugged while the other finalists applauded for them, the crowds cheering for support.

“The judges noted your chemistry was off the charts, and each of you performed beautifully individually and together. So you both now enter our sudden death round. We’ll start with ladies first, so, Sara, please come over here and spin our fabulous wheel to pick your final prompt.”

She shuffled to him and spun the wheel, spinning several times before it landed on the prompt “Freestyle.”

“All right, Sarah,” the DJ said. “We’ll offer you your pick of a song from your favorite decade, and all you’ll need to do is leave your life on the dance floor.”

She whispered something to him before grinning and taking her place on the dance floor.

“Great song choice, Sara. Let’s make some noise for our first sudden-death finalist!”

The crowds cheered before Belinda Carlisle’s “Heaven is a Place on Earth” played. Her movements and dancing consisted of plenty of inspiration from ballet, gymnastics, and pop movements reminiscent of early 2000s MTV, as Jake would say. She put her soul into it, channeling and emoting every lyric and danced with her heart wide open. By the time she finished, the crowds roared. I caught Jake out of the corner of my eye returning to the dancefloor after finishing a drink.

“A stunning performance, Sara,” the DJ said. “Now, all that’s left is our other sudden-death finalist, Jake! Spin the wheel, stud.”

Jake spun the wheel, with it revolving multiple times before it slowed and landed on “Striptease,” which earned so many hollers and whistles. But Jake didn’t seem intimidated. His smirk was in full force, so this was bound to be a hoot.

“Whoa, this is a sneaky prompt,” the DJ said, “and fate had you land on it. Are you ready to get this entire dancefloor pregnant?”

The crowd howled , including Jake, but he nodded.

“All right, stud. We’ll be picking your song, but you have the power to select someone from this audience to be the recipient of your performance.”

A bunch of people raised their hands, all vying for his attention. However, he pulled someone from the crowd, with it being Lance. I couldn’t help the guffaw leaving my mouth. Of course, my horndog of a brother would volunteer and be chosen, with him sitting in a chair brought to the dance floor.

“Perfect!” the DJ said. “The floor is all yours.”

Jake stretched out before Justin Timberlake’s “SexyBack” played. Every dance class and shift at NightCare had led to this. His movements were reminiscent of his earlier dancing from his showcase and what many would’ve seen from Michael Jackson when he was still alive. Jake swiveled his hips and felt himself before he removed his shirt, tossing it to Lance, who was enjoying every moment, which gave me mixed feelings.

Jake’s sensual movements continued, feeling himself and his eyes remaining on Lance. He strolled over to him and gave him a lap dance, his movements and shaking his ass driving him and the crowds around him wild. This major tease paid off, as everyone wanted more. After writhing on the ground and making more sensual advances toward Lance, in one fluid motion, his pants came off, revealing a red jockstrap, making more physical touch with Lance and caressing him, with Lance, to my surprise, showing restraint. Even when Jake was twerking right in front of him, he didn’t budge, a sight I hadn’t thought I’d see. Whether it was thrill or embarrassment or straight-up boundaries, Lance didn’t touch him.

When the song ended, the applause from the crowd was deafening. Sara hugged him tight before bowing to him, earning plenty of hollers as he made himself decent.

“Wow, that was a legendary performance,” the DJ said, patting Jake on the back, the bronze-leather championship belt plated with what appeared to be gold in his free hand. “And The Sixth Queendom isn’t responsible for any of you who become pregnant after tonight.”

The crowds howled, and the DJ intercepted a piece of paper from the judges.

“The judges have spoken, and when I say this margin was tight, I mean it was tight. Like… a virgin twink’s first time with a thick daddy tight.”

The crowds snickered, with the message coming across to those familiar with the image.

“After careful consideration, the judges have chosen their winner. The Sixth Queendom’s newest dance champion is… Jake!”

The crowds erupted with joy and cheers as the DJ offered the belt to him, his eyes full of tears and every person in the club applauding till their hands were raw.

“You impressed so many of us these past few nights, so it’s well deserved. Now, let’s party!”

The music resumed, and I lost sight of Jake as the crowd whisked him away. I walked around, looking for my friends, and soon found Misty, Brock, and Lance on the far end, dancing with drinks in their hands. The upbeat music caught my interest. But, first, I did as everyone else was doing and visited the bar.

“What’ll it be, Mr. Brown?” the bartender asked me.

“I’ll take a whiskey and ginger beer,” I replied, tossing her a bill.

“Coming right up, and I’ll make it with a twist, Realgam-Tower style.”

“Don’t spoil me too much,” I said with a laugh.

She joined in. “Nothing of the sort. It’s the least we can do.”

She placed the glass in front of me, put in two large ice cubes, placed a cherry in the middle, and doused it with the whiskey, ginger beer, and a squeeze of orange.

“Here you are, sir. Please enjoy.”

“Thank you very much.”

“My pleasure. Make us all proud tomorrow.”

I gave her a wink and then made my way to the dance floor, where I caught Misty and Brock sitting to catch their breaths.

“Oh, hey, Mr. Champion,” Brock said, giving me a fast hug. “We missed you today.”

“I missed you, too,” I replied. “Those interviews this afternoon took forever, and not getting to join you saddened me when the interviews finished.”

“Don’t even worry, we know it wasn’t your fault at all,” Brock said.

“You’re here now, so let’s relax and have some fun,” Misty said.

She was drinking white wine while Brock had an old-fashioned.

“I caught some interviews when I returned, and Aurelian wasted no time in dragging me hard through the mud.”

Misty rolled her eyes. “I’m not surprised. I hate that they’re covering it at all.”

“Guess they still considered it newsworthy.”

“Shows they’ll cover anything,” she said, shaking her head.

“Well, enough about him. Let’s celebrate Jake and his colossal victory tonight.”

“Yeah, he was phenomenal,” Brock said. “He has more moves than I’d ever have thought possible.”

I smiled. “It doesn’t surprise me at all,” I said, taking a hefty sip of my drink, which burned my throat a bit before it tantalized my taste buds. “He was the star pupil in dance class.”

“He’s impressed everyone here, and he’s made some fast friends,” Misty said. “They’ve all rewarded him with drinks.”

“Gotcha,” I said. “At least he’s having a good time.”

“Hey, Xiǎodì,” Lance said when he spotted me, coming off the dance floor before bringing me into a hug. “So tomorrow’s the big day. How ya feeling?”

“I’m good,” I said, “I’m sure tomorrow I’ll be a bundle of nerves, but for now I’m ready.”

“Awesome, then we’re due for some fun to let off some steam.”

“Sounds good to me,” I said, taking my drink and following them onto the dance floor.

We all danced together to the beat and laughed as we showed off our superb dance skills that wouldn’t have scored us any points in the competition. Nobody cared who saw us or what anyone thought, losing ourselves in the beat and having fun.

When I finished my drink, I returned to the bartender, content to make me another.

”Well, if isn’t the Grand Master himself,” came Jeff’s voice.

I shook his hand.

”I figured you might be around here.”

”It’s been crazy,” he said, finishing his drink and setting it on the bar. “A little too wild for me.“

”How so?”

”Jake drunk-kissed me.”

“What?!”

He couldn’t help chuckling.

”I barely escaped, and he laid one on Lance, too.”

“Wow, that boy is being very promiscuous tonight.”

”I’ll say, and I don’t think he’s done yet.”

”I should probably go wrangle him.”

”Best of luck. I’d better head out. Ready for a big day tomorrow.”

After a fast hug, I took my drink and returned to the dancefloor, finding Jake had migrated back to them. Our friend was wearing his champion belt and danced with one hand on the rhythm and the other holding his drink. How many drinks he’d drunk, I wasn’t sure, but, like Jeff said, he was past being buzzed.

“Hey there, kiddo,” I said, smiling.

He turned his head toward me. Given his state, it took a second for his mind to register, but the smile on his face warmed my spirit.

“Hey, handsome,” he said, bringing me into a hug. “We missed you today.”

I hugged him tight. “I missed you, too. You were incredible out there, Mr. Champion. Congratulations. It’s well deserved.”

He blushed. “Thank you. Did you join us for some fun? You weren’t exhausted?”

“Nah, I still have some life in me, so let’s party.”

He grinned, and we hopped back into the beat, bouncing and having fun. We danced and fooled around, surrounded by giggles, before I moved to the bar for my last drink of the evening. When I returned, Jake moved closer to me and danced with me. I shuffled as best as I could next to him, still balancing my drink. It was easier once my drink disappeared, and I focused on my dancing a bit more, the alcohol moving to my head, though I was nowhere near where Jake was.

I couldn’t leave the gaze I was sharing with Jake. The smile on his face was unlike what I’d seen from him before. It drew me in, but I couldn’t stray from it while remembering the decision I’d been avoiding that continued to sit in the pit of my stomach. As I continued to share this gaze, he came closer, and I continued dancing, trying to decide on what to do.

Mid thought, Jake asked me, “Having fun?”

I nodded.

His smile matched mine. He beckoned me to come closer and leaned in to whisper something to me.

“I think it’s time we returned to our suite. If you could escort me, I’d appreciate it.”

He’d caught me off guard, especially with a wink, but given all that he’d had to drink, maybe he was feeling ill.

Several thoughts later, I nodded and walked over to the group.

“Hey, guys. Jake’s not well, so I’m taking him back to our suite.”

“Okay, good night, you two,” Brock said. “We’ll see you in the morning.”

“Good night,” Misty said.

“Good night, Drew,” Lance said.

I followed behind Jake as we left the nightclub, and I helped support him, as his balance was off. We made our way to the elevator and rode to our floor before watching Jake wobble to our suite. I let him into the suite before I followed.

No sooner had the door shut, Jake threw himself at me, catching my lips with his. As he tried to put his arms around me, I tried to remove them and pull away from him.

“Jake!”

I pried him off me, but he continued to smile.

“Fuck, you’re sexy. Come here.”

He tried to bring me into another kiss, but I drew him away.

“Jake, why are you doing this?”

“Because you’re sexy, and I want to show you something,” he said, taking his shirt off and reaching for his pants.

“Don’t do this, Jake,” I said.

“Relax, stud,” he said, reaching for my pants.

“Please, Jake, stop,” I said, trying to restrain him, but he was wiggling too much out of my grasp.

“Don’t worry, Drew. I’ll make you feel fantastic.”

He undid my pants, but I threw him off me.

“Jake!” I yelled. “Listen to me! This isn’t what I want.”

He grinned. “...Drew, you don’t mean that…”

“I do, Jake. I don’t want this.”

“Drew…” He reached for me, but I backed away.

“I mean it, Jake. No means no.”

He looked stunned by my words, and then his expression changed, sadness painting his face and tears forming in his eyes.

“Jake…”

He rushed to the bathroom, where I followed him, the door slamming in my face. I rapped on the locked door.

“Jake… please open the door.”

I could hear him sobbing, and it pained my spirit.

“Jake… please. Let’s discuss this…”

His sobs reverberated off the tile, and it aggravated my emotions to hear it and be powerless. Our history made hearing it break my heart.

“Jake, please come out. I can’t bear to have you be alone in there.”

“No, Drew… I get it.”

I tried to get a word in between his sobs, but he wasn’t hearing me. I sunk to the floor.

“Jake, please. Let me explain…”

The sobbing continued, but after a while it stopped, and the sudden cessation concerned me.

I rapped on the door. “Jake?”

Then the silence made sense. I heard him retching. More than I expected. He must have drunk more than we realized.

The door remained locked, so I did an unthinkable, necessary deed. I held the doorknob and focused my telekinesis to unlock it from the inside. Once I opened the door, I saw Jake hunched over the toilet, retching without ceasing. I knelt and rubbed his back until his stomach relaxed. He slumped against me, and I held him and saw he’d vomited on himself, his complexion now ashen.

Since I didn’t want to remove my support, I used my telekinesis to turn the shower on.

“Can you stand?”

Jake tried to stand but would have slipped if I hadn’t steadied him.

“Yeah, you had a lot to drink.”

“Sorry…” I heard him say.

“You have nothing to apologize for, Jake,” I told him. “Let’s get you clean and out of those clothes.”

I steadied him as he stripped, and I did the same and kept my shorts on as I hopped into the shower with him. Part of him enjoyed this, as my presence aroused him, despite his condition.

“Can you brace yourself on the wall?”

He put his hands on the wall and kept his balance as I helped him get clean. Being unable to read him saddened me. When I finished, he rinsed himself off, and I steadied him after the water was off so I could help dry him and put him in bed.

“Do you want briefs?” I asked.

He shook his head.

“Okay, hold tight.”

I returned to the bathroom and dried myself off before putting Jake’s clothes into a plastic bag and brushing my teeth. I put the bag outside our door, sat on my bed, and dialed the front desk.

“Yes, this is Drew in 2507. We have some laundry that needs laundering. It’s already outside the door. Thank you.”

I replaced the receiver and returned my attention to him, already under his sheets and returning my gaze.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

He nodded.

“And you understand everything that’s happening right now, even though you’re drunk?”

He nodded again, and his smile was contagious.

I stood and knelt at his bed so we were at eye level.

“Can we talk?”

He nodded.

“Jake, I shut you down because you’re drunk. I care about you, and I want to keep you safe. Sometimes, we make rash decisions, especially in the wrong state of mind. Do you understand what I’m saying?”

He nodded.

I took his hands in mine. “Jake, I couldn’t live with myself if anything I ever did brought you suffering…”

His smile remained on his face. I hoped what I said was getting through to him. He looked drained, like he wasn’t far from passing out.

“Are we okay?” I asked him.

“Yeah, we’re good.”

I smiled.

“Drew?”

“Uh-huh?”

“Can I tell you something? Something I couldn’t tell you before?”

I nodded.

“Drew… I love you.”

His words stunned me. “You… love me?”

He nodded. “Well… it’s more than that. I’m in love with you. I’ve been for many years, and my attempt to tell you tonight kinda backfired.”

“Jake…”

He looked me in the eye. “Drew, I’m serious.”

Was I hearing this right?

“I was so afraid of telling you and being rejected, just like earlier. Or, worse, of it destroying our friendship.”

“How could I abandon you like that?” I asked him. “My best friend, of all people? After everything we’ve been through?”

“...I don’t know. Nothing’s ever guaranteed… and I was nervous I’d lose you. I couldn’t imagine a world without us being friends...”

I saw tears in his eyes.

“Jake, even if that was the case, you wouldn’t lose me. Not in a million years…”

Tears fell from his eyes.

“I was afraid. I still am. Confessing to you is the scariest thing I’ve ever done, Drew. And I’m still nervous about the repercussions.“

“Don’t be,” I said.

“It’s difficult, Drew. I’ve had so many nightmares where I couldn’t find you or you rejected and ridiculed me.”

“How can I prove that I’m sticking around?”

“...Would you lay next to me? I don’t want to sleep alone. Not tonight.”

“Yeah,” I said. “Scoot over.”

I turned off the light and climbed into bed next to him. He turned to face me, and me facing him. His hand found mine.

“Thank you, Drew,” he said. “...I’m never alone when I’m with you.”

I smiled. “You already know I’d do anything for you, Jake.”

He closed his eyes, and we laid there for a while in silence.

“Jake?”

He didn’t respond. I looked over, and he was breathing deep and slow.

“Are you asleep?”

Still no response. 

I sighed and laid there, thinking, before Jake stirred and turned over. When I couldn’t fall asleep, I turned over and grabbed the phone and dialed my parents’ suite.

“Hello?”

“Mom, it’s me. I can’t sleep, and I need some motherly advice. Can I come by?”



Chapter 20



The Rising Temperature before the Final Battle



~Jake’s POV~

The last thing I remembered was being on the dance floor with Drew, my eyes focused on his movements as my hips swayed to the beat. I fused myself with the rhythm, and nothing could distract me from having my king in front of me, his tank top showing off his muscles and tattoos. His expression was lighthearted and mellow, and his eyes remained on me.

“Whatcha thinking about?” he asked.

“Everything I want to do to you. Starting with ripping that shirt off you… and the rest afterward.”

“Oh?” he said, as if my answer didn’t surprise him.

“Yes, you sexy thing. I’d start from the top and move my tongue all the way to the bottom.”

“Heh,” he replied. “And then what would you do?”

I grinned. “Whatever you want… Grand Master.”

The same devilish energy flooded his pupils as well. “Well, what’re we waiting for?”

The devil on my shoulder squealed with delight, the angel nowhere to be found. “Why don’t we return to our suite and cause a scene?”

He grinned, his eyes burning with the lust washing over both of us. “I thought you’d never ask.”

No sooner had he finished speaking, Drew held me against the wall in our suite, his hands clasped in mine and restraining my arms, his tongue interlocked with mine. I could taste the whiskey he’d been drinking, and I wanted nothing more than to drown in it and for him to restrain and smother me under his body’s weight.

His kisses intoxicated me, and, within a matter of moments, we’d discarded our clothes, sweat coating our bodies as our kisses became more passionate. I laid on my back, with Drew in front of me, holding my legs and getting himself ready.

“Give it to me,” I told him. “Let me have it.”

The devilish grin remained, and, within seconds, we were writhing together, and the look on his face could’ve brought me to my peak.

“Ungh, you’re so tight, you little devil…”

I screamed out in ecstasy as his thrusts quickened.

“Pound me, Drew. Write your name on me and own me.”

Sweat covered his face. “Fuck, I won’t last much longer.”

“Give it to me, Your Excellence!”

All of a sudden, we climaxed, and pleasure rocked through us both. He collapsed on the bed next to me.

My eyes opened, and I looked around.

Wait - it’s morning. Was that a dream?

I focused on the opposite wall, already reflecting sunlight peeking in from the curtains. It was too intense. I shut my eyes, holding my head as it throbbed. I held it as I turned onto my stomach. The sheets were wet. Why would that be?

Then I realized I was naked. Why was I naked?! I didn’t walk around naked like Drew, and especially not when I shared a suite with him. Then it dawned on me. I turned and found Drew on his side, facing me, his face inches from mine.

Horror washed over me. Like a paras on hot ground, I fell out of bed and retreated across the room, grabbing my pokéballs and clothes from my suitcase. Before Drew could even stir or notice I’d left, I left our suite, putting my clothes on in the hallway as I ran to the elevator, with Mightyena on my heels. Once the elevator arrived, I entered and tried to catch my breath as I waited to return to the lobby.

After an excruciating wait, I strode to the dining hall, and the hostess smiled at me and nodded, extending a hand out toward an open table. I didn’t spot anyone from my group here, so I took a table in the back, hoping my presence wasn’t obvious. I released my other companions, with them laying on the floor next to the table without being in anyone’s way. Mightyena laid its head in my lap. My hand stroked its fur as I caught my breath.

My favorite waitress wasted no time in finding me.

“Good morning, Wangjanim,” Carol said. “Without your group this morning?”

I nodded, though doing so wasn’t pleasant with my headache.

“Aww, you don’t look so good this morning. Too much partying last night?”

I nodded. “How’d you guess?”

“When you’ve labored and served customers as long as I have, intuition is your best guide, and you discern information like that,” she said, snapping her finger.

“Do you serve a hangover cure?”

“Not an exact cure, but we serve a near-perfect antidote. And something for your companions?”

I smiled. “Yes, please.”

“No problem,” she said, smiling. “We’ll take care of everyone.”

Once she left, I held my head, thinking through my limited recollection of last night’s events.

I remember dancing with Drew, and something about us returning to our suite. Or was that the dream? The sheets were wet when I woke. Had we had sex?

It wasn’t possible. How could it have happened without discussion? But Drew was in my bed, and I hadn’t checked if he was naked. Fuck, I was so scatterbrained and terrified at whatever fallout was in front of me.

Wait! What if my pokégear has any clues?

I checked my device and didn’t see any text messages sent last night. Switching gears, I went to my photos, and all I saw were pictures of someone’s crotch.

Who is this?

Whether it was a random stranger, Lance, Jeff, or even Drew… the thought didn’t make me feel any more comforted.

Fuck, what would Drew think of me? Did I confess something personal? Fuck. Why were the sheets wet and his face so close to mine? Had I made an absolute fool of myself? Fuck. Why wasn’t my ass sore? Had we done anything? Why was he in my bed? Fuck! Why couldn’t I remember, and why did I have the inkling I knew what Drew’s lips tasted like?

A clink on the table brought me back to reality with a jump.

”Why can’t I remember?!”

Carol set a glass of coconut water and some painkillers on the table, along with a Bloody Mary and a cup of coffee with a container of various creamers.

“Is everything okay?”

My hands came together as I bowed my head before her. ”I’m so sorry, Carol. My thoughts are racing. Yes, everything’s fine.”

”Don’t worry, Wangjanim. It will all come back to you.”

She’d also brought out saucers of MooMoo milk for my companions before she returned to the kitchen. As they lapped their milk, I started with the water and swallowed the pills before I sipped the spirit and the coffee, sweetened to how I liked it. As I waited, I distracted myself by observing the other guests.

When I’d finished the spirit, she took the glasses and smiled at me. “You’ll be back to your normal self soon, Wangjanim,” she said, refilling my coffee. “I put in a special request with the kitchen for you, so you’ll have your breakfasts soon.”

“Thank you,” I said, smiling. “I always feel so cared for here.”

“You remind me so much of my son… so it’s my pleasure. ”

Her maternal instincts served her customers well, as she paid them the same attention as me whenever they came in to dine. Nobody from my group had arrived yet, but that was bound to change. I only hoped it wasn’t Drew and re-sweetened my coffee as I waited.

Fear crept into my heart when Sabrina entered the dining hall. She sat across the dining hall from me, acting like she hadn’t noticed I was here. If she was as intuitive as Drew was, she’d have known I was here before she reached the restaurant. I hoped she’d spare me from her peculiar, off-putting presence.

I shut my eyes and tried to recall what happened… but my mind was hazy and my head still throbbing. This wasn’t the time. Even if I could remember, nothing would change what happened. After all, today was the biggest day of our lives. Drew was facing the toughest battle of his career. As anxious as I was, my focus needed to be on more important matters.

Carol returned a few minutes later and set a small cup of rice in front of me, along with a larger bowl. Its contents were steamy and carried a complex aroma of savory, sour, spicy, and sweet notes. Was this haejang-guk? I only remembered my mother making it for my father once before during my childhood, but I hadn’t eaten it.

“Is this…?” I asked.

“Yes, Wangjanim. Hangover soup. A specialty of our homeland. Enjoy!”

She also set dishes in front of my companions, which appeared to be a meat and vegetable stew. “Enjoy, boys.”

They barked and ate, tails wagging. My soup drew me in from its appearance alone. Beef shank, fermented shrimp, kim chi, soybean sprouts, scallions, garlic, egg, chilis, and sesame seeds. It wasn’t what I was used to eating, but it had a delicious flavor, and a home-cooked dish like this was a surefire method to comfort me.

I focused on my food and nothing else, and by the time my bowls were empty, I felt somewhat better. My companions enjoyed their breakfasts and were back asleep, with Mightyena’s head in my lap and the others at my feet.

“So how was it?” Carol asked me, leaving the bill and gathering my dishes.

“Everything was wonderful,” I said with a smile. “It felt like I was home. Thank you so much.”

“My pleasure, Wangjanim. I’m certain you’ll be well in no time and ready for today’s match. We’re all rooting for Drew. His candor and ideals make us so proud.”

Her words touched me. “It would mean a lot to him.”

She took everything away, and I noticed Misty out of the corner of my eye entering the dining room. I waved to her and took out my wallet to leave my payment and tip.

“Hey,” I said.

“Hi,” she said, taking a seat across from me. “How are you?”

“Hungover.”

“It’s not a surprise. You were wasted last night.”

“No kidding,” I replied, rubbing my head. It was improving, though it still throbbed. Carol returned to take Misty’s salmon omelet order before leaving us to chat.

“Do you remember anything from last night?” she asked as she sweetened her coffee.

I shook my head. “Not everything… and that’s what I fear.”

“How much do you remember?”

“I remember winning the dance contest and getting drunk and dancing on the dance floor with everyone. That’s when everything blurs.”

“How so?”

“Well, I thought Drew and I returned to our suite. But I also woke from a dream. A sexual dream… in which Drew and I had sex. But when I woke, it was morning. The sheets were wet, and Drew was in bed with me.”

“You’re kidding!”

I shook my head. “I don’t know what to believe, and I’m petrified to face Drew.”

Misty tried to smile, detecting my anxiety. “Well, I don’t think you’ll need to worry.”

“Why?”

“Before I found you, I visited your suite to check on you, and because you were here, I ran into Drew.”

I held my breath a moment before I released a sharp breath. “How was he this morning?”

“He seemed fine. Tired, of course. And wondered if you were all right and where you’d gone.”

That was a surprise.

“From what I gathered, he’d been concerned about how much you’d drank, so when you said you wanted to return to your suite, he thought it was because you were feeling ill.”

This pained me, hearing this from an objective party. “Did he mention anything about my trying to make a move on him?”

“Wait, did you?”

“I don’t know if I did or not,” I replied.

“He didn’t mention anything. But he told me you’d gotten sick, so he’d taken care of you, helped get you clean, and put you to bed.”

I nodded. “Sounds like he was a perfect gentleman.”

“But him being in your bed is a concern…”

“We’ve shared a bed before.”

“You have?”

I nodded. “Back in Agate Village. Any time it’s happened, it hasn’t been romantic…”

She nodded. “Well... I guess there was no harm done. Not for Drew, anyway.”

I was silent for a while before I spoke. “I guess it was a dream. It was so real. But there’s no rationale in our universe Drew would’ve been eager to fuck.”

“Jake, I’m thankful nothing awful happened,” she said, “but you have to be more careful.”

“I know,” I replied. “It could’ve been horrible.”

“Agreed… especially because you could’ve said something you can’t take back. Or, worse, acted on your desires.”

Shame washed over me. Certainty on the topic was nonexistent. Carol brought her breakfast to the table. I looked away in shame for a moment before returning my gaze to her.

“I don’t think anything bad happened,” she continued as she ate, “but I hope this doesn’t distract Drew. This is it.”

I nodded. “...I’m so fucking stupid.”

“Don’t be hard on yourself, Jake,” she said, trying to smile. “You did no harm last night. We just have to be careful. Drew has to fight his best today.”

I nodded. “Was he still there when you left?”

“We rode in the elevator together. He was heading to Phenac City to meditate and center himself and spend the morning at the spa, so we won’t see him till before the match.”

I nodded.

“Which is fabulous,” she replied, “because we have a lot to do.”

“Right. What’s on the schedule before the match this afternoon?”

“We’re getting together to make signs, and it might be cool to visit the shops to find gifts for Drew for his hard work.”

I smiled. “That’ll offer a positive distraction today.”

“Will you be okay?” she asked me.

“I think so…”

I glanced at Mightyena, who snoozed with cheerful whimpers under its breath.

“My hangover will go away...”

“I mean your feelings. Are they okay, considering everything?”

Her concern bore into me. I valued my vulnerability with her, but it made it close to impossible to ignore my feelings.

“I don’t know…”

“Do you want to discuss it?” she asked.

I shook my head. “I’m still at a crossroads, so I need to decide.”

She tried to smile. “I’m here for you.”

“Without a doubt,” I said, smiling back.

She finished her breakfast, so she left money for her tab, and we left the dining hall, receiving no consideration from Sabrina as we left.

“It’s like we weren’t even there,” I said.

Misty smiled. “Does it bother you?”

“No… or at least it shouldn’t. She’s… unique.”

“She is,” she replied. “...You adjust to it. She’s quiet… and she’s the reason Drew made it to today’s battle.”

I nodded. “Cool, love the woman.”

She laughed. “We’re meeting in an hour in the park to paint. What are you gonna do till then?”

“I may shop or kill time in our suite. Not sure yet.”

“All right. Well, see you soon.”

I rode the elevator to our suite and looked around. The maids hadn’t visited yet, so the sheets and blanket remained disheveled and clothes on the floor. With Drew gone, my thoughts were on last night’s events again.

I sat on the bed and took a few deep breaths. I turned around and brushed my hand over the spot where I laid earlier. It was still damp, and I concluded it had only been a wet dream. My body’s attempt to find release when I refused to confront my feelings. I rose and looked at Drew’s untouched bed. He’d come back with me, seen I was ill, and did what he’d always done. Taken care of me when I needed him. Didn’t take advantage of me. Kept me safe. I didn’t fucking deserve him.

After wiping tears away, I grabbed some clothes left on the floor and brought them to my nose. I savored the remnants of Drew’s scent that aroused me. A mix of his soap, his cologne, and his musk. I savored another deep whiff, knowing this wasn’t healthy before dropping the clothes with a sigh. There were more important tasks to undertake.

I brushed my teeth and made sure I looked presentable before returning to the lobby, filling with more reporters and visitors and clogging the space. With the buzz growing in the lobby, the championship battle was the grandest spectacle in history. I squeezed around people waiting to check in and made it outside into the warm morning air.

Cars dropping off guests overpopulated the loading zone and pandemonium overtook the hotel as I walked toward the courtyard. I strode toward the village where local shops sat, around the time they opened. I looked in shop windows, looking for inspiration for a suitable gift for Drew.

“Morning, Jake!”

I turned, and the town’s tailor, Barry, was waving to me.

“Good morning, Mr. Leibowitz,” I said. “I hope today finds you well.”

“And you also,” he replied. “I finished the tuxedos for you and Mr. Brown, so I’ll have them delivered to the hotel soon.”

“Thank you again,” I said, bowing to him.

“It’s my pleasure. You’ll both look sharp for tonight’s banquet.”

I tried to smile, but I couldn’t help peering in other directions at the opening shops.

“Is everything okay?” Mr. Leibowitz asked me. “You seem distracted today.”

I returned my attention to him. “My apologies, Mr. Leibowitz. There’s a lot riding on today… and I’m anxious. I’d very much like to find a suitable gift for Drew.”

“Rest assured, Jake. There are many of us here who have complete faith in Drew’s abilities. Besides, you couldn’t find a grander village to find a gift. Can I offer anything to point you in the right direction?”

“...Yes, there is. Do you still have Drew’s measurements?”

He smiled. “I might. Please excuse me for a moment.”

He disappeared into his shop and returned a moment later with scribbles on a piece of paper. “You’re lucky - this made it into the trash this morning.”

I smiled and accepted it from him. “Thank you, sir. This is such a tremendous help.”

“It’s my pleasure, Jake. Please take care, and have fun tonight.”

I put it in my pocket and walked around the other shops, stopping in a few to browse and appease forced conversation with the shop owners. Despite my attempts, I saw nothing befitting my feelings for Drew.

When I considered conceding, I visited the jewelry shop at the back of the village and gave a nod to the shop owner as I browsed. From necklaces, rings, tie clips, and cufflinks, nothing caught my interest. But capping the row’s end were wristwatches, an accessory Drew didn’t own. It was a lovely idea to gift something gorgeous like him befitting a lunch with friends or a black-tie event. The watch catching my eye was a square model with a case of pure silver, a polished black enamel watch dial, and diamonds for the hours, all kept together by a leather band.

“See anything that interests you, sir?” the jeweler asked.

I nodded and pointed to the one in question. “How much for this?”

“$300, but since today is a significant day, I’ll sell it for $200, and I’ll throw in custom engraving and a special gift box at no extra charge.”

That was quite a deal, and Drew was well worth the expense. I had nothing else for the money to be spent on.

“You’ve got yourself a deal,” I said, handing him my bank card.

“Write the message you’d like engraved,” he said, passing a notepad and pen while he ran my card.

I thought hard for a second and scribbled a message before handing it to him and retrieved my card.

“It’ll be about 15 minutes, and it’ll be ready for pickup.”

I left the shop and explored the village to occupy my time. I spotted another open shop I hadn’t visited. It was a high-end boutique, and the first item catching my eye was a black wool pea coat with jade green buttons. After checking with the owner on Drew’s measurements, I bought it and had it wrapped before returning to the previous shop.

“Great doing business with you,” the jeweler said, handing me the gift box. “If for whatever reason it doesn’t fit the recipient, I’ll adjust it for them.”

With shopping done and gifts put away, I sat at the park to let my pokémon roam free. Despite my lingering headache and the current circumstances, it pleased me to see them enjoying themselves. Milotic bathed in the pond while Slaking slept in the shade. Manectric, Aggron, Breloom, and Arcanine ran around the park and enjoyed the air and sunshine. Mightyena ran around with them before returning to my side.

“Did you have fun?”

It barked and nuzzled me, its tail wagging. I scratched it behind its ears.

“It’s nice to have some fun, isn’t it? I’m so sorry you’ve been confined, but we’ll be home soon.”

Before long, Misty, Brock, and Lance found me.

“Hey, Jake!” Misty called.

“How’s it going, bud?” Brock asked.

“Looks like everyone’s enjoying themselves,” Lance said, smiling. “Why don’t we join in the fun?”

They returned his smile.

“Yeah, today’s a day of celebrating,” Brock replied, “so let’s go!”

They released their pokémon before joining me and organizing our art supplies. Ludicolo and Marshtomp joined Milotic along with our team’s gyarados, Staryu, and Corsola while Dragonite, Archeops, Goodra, Crobat, Sudowoodo, and Psyduck joined the rest of the group in their fun.

“This was a wonderful idea,” Lance said. “Our pokémon look like they’re having a blast.”

“Yeah,” Brock replied, “we’ve been so focused on the tournament we haven’t been able to dote on them.”

“Well, they look happy,” Misty said. “We’ll make sure they stay that way.”

As they played, we divided supplies.

“Any ideas of what you’re gonna paint?” Misty asked.

“Not yet,” I replied, “but I enjoyed art classes as a kid.”

“That’s awesome,” Brock said. “We can’t wait to see what you create.”

“Yeah,” Lance said. “Besides, this is a wonderful opportunity to be among friends, and Hǔ zǐ… you’ve done a marvelous job with your team.”

“I’m honored, you devil,” I said, earning a chuckle. “It’s all from the mentoring I’ve received from everyone. Drew included.”

“Well, it shows,” Lance said. “Not only is your team strong, you’re also honoring the Viridian Gym’s tradition for disciplined training.”

That gave me an idea. I mixed various oil colors before starting an outline, pursuing my idea and painting bits and pieces together. My desire for this sign was to show Drew how highly I thought of him and conveying my support in this battle. I continued my design and allowed sections to dry before continuing. Our pokémon slept while we continued to paint. By the time the sun rose higher, and we approached lunchtime, I finished my piece.

“Jake, this is incredible!” Misty exclaimed when she came to inspect it.

“You’ve outdone yourself,” Lance said.

“There’s no doubt Drew will love this,” Brock said.

I looked over it and couldn’t help smiling. The near likenesses of the heads of Drew and me, along with Espeon, Ninetales, Mightyena, Manectric, and Arcanine, the Earth Badge, and the words “Dream Team” said everything I hoped it could.

The others had painted similar caricatures of Drew with affirming messages like “Pride of Kanto”, “Japan’s Champion”, and “Do you even Drew?”.

When our art finished drying, we packed our belongings and pokémon and returned to the hotel. Or, at least, we did our best. Visitors packed the lobby, so we struggled to move through the lobby and into our normal restaurant. Due to the rules, only warriors, loved ones, reporters, and tournament officials could dine there.

Mr. Douglas, Saundra, and Sabrina joined us thereafter. Carol waited on us, doting as she did as we discussed our excitement. It wasn’t the same without Drew. Even with our group together and enthusiastic about today’s battle, we couldn’t shake the emptiness existing in the space.

“I can’t believe it,” Saundra said. “This is it. All his struggles and triumphs have led to this.”

“Who would’ve thought, after Saffron Police Department’s conference at City Hall, we’d be here witnessing this once-in-a-lifetime event, 10 years later?” Brock said.

“Agreed,” Lance said. “Even to be considered for Grand Master is a tremendous honor.”

“Yeah, but Aurelian looks tough,” Ken said. “The tournament website offers some information, but what do we know about him?”

“He’s the top trainer in Russia,” I replied, breaking my silence. “He’s undefeated in all regional championships in Europe, which I don’t understand if I gave him a strong challenge. With that aside, his pokémon are well trained.”

“Jake, do you think…” Saundra started but couldn’t finish. “Can he…?”

“Drew will prevail,” Sabrina said, the first thing she’d said since we’d been seated.

“How can you be so certain?” Brock asked, a question on everyone’s mind.

“Victory isn’t won by brute force alone,” Sabrina said. “Any psychic trainer could tell you. It takes more to be a victor in a battle. I’ve learned.”

She looked toward Brock and Misty.

“And I know both of you have learned also…”

“Even I have,” I added. “Silver and I never won with power alone. It was only when we synchronized our strategies that we were victorious.”

“Yes…” Sabrina said. “Victory requires unity between the power and will of a pokémon and the heart and spirit of its trainer.”

“Wow,” Saundra said. “I hadn’t stopped to think about it, but from watching Drew, it makes perfect sense.”

 “Aurelian was clever enough to reach the championship round… but Drew has qualities he doesn’t.”

“Like what?” Brock asked.

“Well, for starters, Aurelian’s an asshole,” I said. “Ever since the tournament started, he’s been one of Drew’s most vocal critics and has made it known how much he despises him. He’s demeaned him, struck him, humiliated him, disparaged him in interviews, and even kidnapped him and tried to keep him from appearing for his exhibition showcase. Not to mention trying to mess with me as well.”

“Jake’s right,” Lance said. “The guy’s nothing but a jerk.”

“Right,” I replied. “And our Drew is an honorable, decent human being. He sacrifices for pokémon and others, so there’s no way he’s going to lose.”

“You’re right,” Misty said. “We’ve learned enough from our experiences that bad people don’t succeed.”

“Correct, young maiden,” came a familiar voice from a nearby table. When we turned our heads, we were facing Aurelian. “A man of poor moral integrity can’t defeat a European champion. Forget that loser, and I can get further acquainted with that beautiful figure.”

I rose from my seat, my hands balled into fists.

“What do you want, Aurelian?” Lance asked.

“I find it amusing not only that you’re all on the criminal’s side, but you believe he can defeat me.”

“How dare you,” Saundra said. “My son is no criminal, and he’d wipe the floor with you.”

“I see,” he replied. “Now it all makes sense. Seems lousy parenting led him to a life of crime.”

“Excuse me?” Brock exclaimed.

“You have some nerve,” Mr. Douglas said, his fists raised as well.

“Get lost, you ass-hat,” I said. “Why don’t you go sit on a dick and leave us alone? That is, if you were ever to get so lucky. I’d suggest leaving before you have to answer to everyone at this table.”

“Please, I wouldn’t take to heart words from such a pathetic pedik,” he shot back, turning away. “I’d love to stay at this cute little tea party, but I need to save my energy for crushing your criminal friend in a humiliating defeat.”

“Fuck you,” I said as I moved toward him.

As I got closer, Aurelian blindsided me, stunning me by grabbing a pitcher of ice water from his table and hurling it at me.

“If you think I’m insulted by a disgusting criminal’s puny pussy-boy, you’re mistaken.”

In a split second, my fist swung and struck his face, sending him back a step, though not enough to bring him to the ground because of his towering frame.

“Hey!” came a loud voice.

Carol rounded around to him as fast as Arcanine would have.

“That’s a taste of what you deserve, you bastard,” I spat at him.

“Aurelian, if you want to start trouble, then you can do it somewhere else. You will not bring trouble into my dining room.”

He scoffed.

“Worthless piece of shit,” he said under his breath.

Then he left, followed by the rest of his group.

Carol looked at me with concerned, motherly eyes. “Are you okay, Wangjanim?”

“Yeah, I’m okay,” I lied, accepting her embrace, though I was still fuming.

She grabbed a nearby waitress. “Dear, please bring some towels for this young man.”

“Yes, ma’am,” she said before she ran into the kitchen before returning with two towels before our waitress guided me back to my seat, having me sit on a towel and drying me with the other.

“Please pay that lowlife no mind,” she told me. “Your lunch is on us.”

“Thank you,” I said, wanting to disappear rather than being in the spotlight for someone else’s slurs.

She left us to process, and everyone’s eyes fell on me.

“Jake, are you-” Misty asked.

“I’m fine,” I said, interrupting her. “I’d rather not talk about it.”

Shame surfaced from within me as the anger dissipated. Torn between wanting to cry and wanting to fight the battle in Drew’s place.

“Jake…” Misty said.

Tears filled my eyes, so I turned away. “Misty, please…”

I said nothing, but Saundra came to me and brought me into her arms.

“Don’t pay any mind to him. We love you and value you like a family should.”

I was overcome with emotion but accepted her embrace.

“Thank you,” I said when she released me. “I can’t stand bullies like him.”

“Same with us, but he won’t succeed. There’s no way Drew could lose to an opponent as despicable as him.”

Our group returned to a normal conversation as our food arrived, but I still sensed concern from Misty. I focused on forcing myself to eat my club sandwich, as my appetite wasn’t the same after the confrontation. I ate all I could before our group waded through the crowd of people swarming to check in before the upcoming match. The rest of the group planned to meet near the elevator leading to the stadium, so I moved to the hotel tower and waited behind a crowd before taking the elevator to our suite to change.

Once I was in dry clothing and wearing Drew’s cologne, I returned to the ground floor and made my way through the lobby through more crowds before reaching the stadium area. I couldn’t make my way through with ease, as the stadium wasn’t open, forcing all reporters, loved ones, and spectators to wait in the lobby.

To my relief, I found our group, waiting off to the side. Once we reunited, the stadium reopened, so the crowd moved toward the elevators, leaving us to wait for our champion.

It wasn’t long before we spotted Drew coming toward us in the distance. He looked refreshed and determined. He was wearing custom Vale Tudo shorts, stitched with half the design of an American flag and the other half the Japanese flag, sandals, and a half-zipped windbreaker covering his stomach but showing off his chest. Around his head was his leather headband containing his keystone. Talk about drool-worthy.

“There’s the man of the hour!” Lance called.

He tried to smile, but despite his cool and tough exterior, his hands shook some.

“How are you?” Brock asked.

“I’m good. Ready to face Aurelian.”

“We’re all right behind you,” Saundra said.

“Yeah!” the rest of the group shouted in agreement.

Drew smiled.

“Attention: all Realgam guests,” came an announcement through the speakers. “Will our warriors please report to the field in the next five minutes for pre-battle check-in? Thank you, and we hope you all enjoy the show.”

“Almost showtime,” Drew said. “Let’s huddle, everyone.”

We all huddled in a circle, with our arms interlocked for privacy.

“Let me say this before our lives change forever,” he said, peering at each of us. “I centered myself this morning, and the most difficult thought to clear was my gratitude for everyone here.” Tears were in his eyes, but he continued and didn’t pay attention to them as they fell. “You’ve played a huge part in my being here, and I can’t ever repay you. Whatever happens, I’m grateful for this moment, and I get to spend it with you.”

Many of us were in tears.

“We love you, Drew,” Misty said.

“Yeah,” Brock said. “We’ll always be on your side, cheering you on.”

“You deserve this, Xiǎodì,” Lance said.

“You’ll make everyone proud, regardless of what the outcome is,” Saundra said.

“Defeat him, like you’ve done with so many evil organizations,” Ken said.

“Channel your strength and show everyone what it takes to be a champion, and give that asshole a lesson in human decency,” I said.

“And don’t choke,” Sabrina said. “Keep your focus, and you shan’t lose.”

“Thank you again,” he said, wiping his eyes. “There’s going to be plenty to celebrate tonight, so let’s give it everything we have.”

He hugged each of us one by one. When he got to me, it felt distinctive from the others. I could hear his heart beating, and he held onto me longer than the others, our eyes locked together after we parted. My thoughts scrambled as our gaze broke.

“We’ll see you there soon,” Saundra told him.

He waved to us before boarding an elevator.

“What do you think he meant?” Misty asked.

“I don’t know,” Brock said. “The battle hasn’t even started yet. Do you think Drew’s confident he’ll be victorious?”

“He’s going to win,” Lance said. “Hands down. But that statement doesn’t fit with Drew’s normal attitude.”

“I sensed something,” Sabrina said. “There’s something in Drew’s spirit that’s gotten stronger this entire tournament. I haven’t been able to pinpoint it until now.”

Shocking was an understatement. If she was intuitive, why would it take her this entire tournament to discover such an important truth about our Drew? The sentiment annoyed me.

“What is it?” Brock asked.

“Yeah, what would it be?” I asked. “If you’re psychic, why would it take you so long?”

“First off, Drew is stubborn,” Sabrina said. “We all know that by now, so we can’t read others if they put up walls for their protection. Second, there are some parts even I can’t see, especially with certain emotions.”

“I find that hard to believe,” I said.

“Believe whatever you want,” Sabrina told me, “but emotions like fear, anger, kindness, and determination are all recognizable… and the one I’m detecting now was faint when we left home, and over the past two weeks, it’s grown stronger. I imagine Drew knows this, too.”

“What emotion is it?” Misty asked.

“...It’s love. It’s difficult for me to put into words, but… it’s as if Drew’s spirit has grown warmer and brighter.”

“Warmer?” I asked, skeptical of what she said. “Do you hear yourself? What a joke.”

“Jake…” Misty said, concern painting her words.

“Jake, Drew already has a cordial spirit, but it wasn’t showing warmth like it is now. That warmth radiates from his spirit more now than before. If my intuition is correct, he’s in love.”

“In love?” Brock asked. “How can you be sure?”

“You can’t argue with intuition. To question it is to lose it… and my intuition tells me he’ll be expressing that love tonight, if he’s already claiming that there’ll be plenty to celebrate.”

What she said aggravated my emotions, with tears forming in my eyes. I couldn’t bear to hear more about this. It seemed obvious who Drew was in love with, and it made me stand her even less. My thoughts continued to jumble and take swipes at me, my thoughts centered on a suspicion from similar facial expressions and plenty of mentoring and training, concluding that she must be the object of his affections. I turned and walked away, letting my tears fall.

“Hǔ zǐ!” Lance called.

“Jake, where are you going?” Misty called to me.

For whatever reason, I ran, blinded by my tears, avoiding crowds until I could board one of the hotel’s elevators. I rode it alone and ran to our suite. I clicked the card key but dropped it. Rather than retrieve it, I ran into the suite and flung myself on my bed, sobbing and letting myself go.

A couple of minutes later, I heard Misty’s voice coming from the entryway.

“Jake?”

“Go away,” I said, my voice muffled by the bed.

“Jake, talk to me,” she said, sitting on the bed and rubbing my back. “Why did you bolt? The battle will start soon.”

“I can’t, Misty,” I said. “This is all too much…”

“I wondered if the incident at lunch was bothering you. Don’t let what Aurelian said get to you, Jake.”

“It’s not only that, Misty. I can’t face Drew. I can’t stand that I’m in love with him, and tonight he’s going to declare his love for someone. How could that person be me? It has to be Sabrina, and having that confirmed tonight will only make me feel defeated.”

“Sabrina?! No, Jake, that couldn’t be. There’s nothing between them. Besides, you don’t know that. None of us know what’s going to happen tonight.”

“I can’t face today, Misty. I refuse to.”

“Jake, look at me,” she said.

I rose and looked at her, my eyes red and tears clinging to my cheeks.

“You need to pull yourself together,” she said. “You’re making assumptions we can’t prove right now. Drew’s going into the biggest battle of his career, and you’ve decided not to go? I thought you were his best friend.”

Sniffles obscured my breathing. “I am.”

“Then you need to fucking act like it. We’re all here to support him right now, and how do you think he’ll feel if his best friend decided not to watch this historic match that could change his life forever?”

I stayed silent.

“He needs everyone there. Do you want to risk him being distracted or heartbroken that you’re not there and have it affect his chances of winning?”

“No,” I said. “I don’t.”

“Good. The best thing we can do is separate our feelings from the situation. I understand these feelings are bothering you and need to be addressed. But, right now, our objective is supporting Drew so he can annihilate Aurelian.”

I wiped my tears away. “You’re right, Misty,” I said, hugging her. “He needs to beat him, and we need to do our part. Thank you for the tough love. I’m so sorry for leaving like that. I can’t stand the idea of Drew being in love with anyone else.”

She held me close. “I’d feel the same about Rudy, too. I know this is difficult for you. It’s tough on us all because we love you, too, and wish we could help you more. And we will. We’ll focus on it once this battle is over.”

We broke apart, and I nodded.

“Let’s get to the stadium. We don’t have much time.”



Chapter 21



The Humiliation of the Proud



We ran out of my suite, through the hallway, and rode the elevator back to a packed lobby. We weaved in and out of the crowd and sprinted to the stadium elevators.

After waiting to board for what felt like an eternity, we reached the summit, the entire space filled with the sounds of thrilled fans and pokémon, reporters in front of cameras, and the mouth-watering aroma of popcorn and melted butter. We scaled a few flights of stairs to one of the stadium’s luxury boxes, a lovely outdoor lounge area with a wet bar and an array of snacks with a prime view of the battlefield. Every finalist group had one, with Aurelian’s group at a special one in an unknown part of the stadium.

However, the addition of the Indigo Elite Four and the Johto and Kanto Gym Leaders was a major surprise. We underwent handshakes, hugs, and plenty of conversation, reacquainting ourselves with everyone.

The finalists weren’t on the field yet, but the Golden Aura’s entrance onto the field and forming their normal crescent moon shape caught our attention.

“Hello, and welcome to the last battle of the most historic tournament in history,” Ping said, eliciting a roaring round of cheers and applause from the assembled crowds.

Even though we couldn’t see the entire stadium, what we could see from our vantage point and the displays on the television screens mounted in our box showcased how vast today’s crowds were. There weren’t any free seats visible, with each section filled with a mix of tourists, fans, and reporters, not to mention a hoard of others.

“We have anticipated today for countless months, and after extensive searching and analysis, we are finally here. We share in your excitement, as today we crown our new Grand Master, who will usher in a new era for the Golden Aura’s legacy.”

The crowds applauded and hollered again.

“Before we introduce our finalists, please rise and join us as we partake in two special songs here in the United States speaking to the Golden Aura’s tenets.”

The Golden Aura exited the battlefield as everyone rose and an official took their place.

“Please welcome platinum recording artist, Daisy Rhodes, for the singing of the National Anthem and ‘Lift Every Voice and Sing.’”

A lovely, mixed-race woman took the stage, all smiles in a gorgeous floor-length gown split down the middle between the American flag and another flag with the same colors but with a prominent star design. Pre-recorded orchestra music played, and her voice soared through the stadium like an angel as we stood and held our hands over our hearts for a stirring tribute to the country that had hosted us for the last two weeks. After the song ended, a new one began. I hadn’t heard this song before, but it was delightful, conveying an inspiring message I’m sure resonated with Drew as well.

Once she finished, she received a standing ovation from the crowds before the official returned to the field.

“Please remain standing as we welcome our finalists in a special tribute,” the official said. “Please welcome our second musical guest of today’s final round, the Phoenix Chorale!”

The crowds cheered as 50 singers, both male and female, young and old, entered the field and surrounded it in an enormous circle, followed by Ping. Pre-recorded music played, and Ping stood in the middle of the field.

“It’s my honor to welcome our first finalist to the field as our lovely guests sing the Russian National Anthem. Please join me in welcoming our first finalist, the Honoured Military and Forestry Specialist of the Russian Federation, and Krasnoyarsk Krai Champion, Aurelian Borisyuk!”

The singers began their song, a grandiose arrangement as Aurelian entered the stadium, wearing a white kosovorotka with black and red embroidery along the sleeves and collar over Vale Tudo shorts sporting the Russian flag. His smug, proud smile disgusted me as soon as his face was visible, though I smirked when I saw a bruise on his cheek from where I’d struck him. He waved to the cheering crowds as he made his way to the center of the field, bowing to Ping before shaking his hand. He then moved to one side of the battlefield, removed his shirt, and folded it before setting it on the ground, his muscular physique on display.

When the singers finished their song, Ping spoke again after the crowds gave them a rousing applause.

“It’s also my honor to welcome our other finalist to the field as the Phoenix Chorale sings the Japanese National Anthem. Please give a warm welcome to our vibrant warrior and teacher, former Gym Leader, Corporal and police officer, the current Indigo Champion, and the recipient of Japan’s Medal of Freedom, Drew Brown!”

Our grand assembly of colleagues and friends behaved like maniacs with our signs and cheers as the singers sang the Japanese National Anthem. Drew entered the field wearing his kimono in our traditional fashion, with his keystone headband still intact. Like typical Drew, tears filled his eyes as the song played, fostering hometown pride and bringing us all to tears. He bowed low to Ping before shaking his hand and taking his place on the other side of the battlefield before removing and folding his kimono and placing it on the ground, showcasing his Vale Tudo shorts to the world.

Espeon and Ninetales sat on the ledge in front of us, watching the field, their tails flitting with happy energy. By Espeon not being on the field, I hoped it would prove to the crowds that Drew’s telekinetic powers were authentic, whenever he revealed them.

The Japanese Anthem, by comparison, was far less showy and more simple, but Drew’s tears didn’t relent even until the song ended.

The singers received a rousing standing ovation before they left the field

“Ready, everyone?” Brock asked.

Everyone nodded, so we all raised our signs.

“Drew!” I called.

“Over here, buddy!” Brock called.

“Xiǎodì, look alive!” Lance called.

Our calls caught Drew’s attention, despite how far we still felt from him, and the smile on his face warmed us. He blew kisses to us, helping me to resign myself to focusing on the battle and deal with my feelings later.

“What lovely performances,” Ping said, smiling. “We have one more person to introduce to you. You have heard his voice throughout the semifinals, but we have yet to introduce you to him. On this historic day, please welcome the U.S. Director of the Pokémon League and today’s master of ceremonies for this match and tonight’s induction banquet, Reinhold McPhee!”

A tall, husky man with brown hair and blue eyes entered the field, a warm smile on his face. His polo shirt left his tattoo sleeves exposed, and his playful energy diffused the tension culminating on the field. The official handed him a microphone before he spoke.

“It’s a pleasure to be here as your MC,” he said, “and never has the Realgam Stadium borne witness to such a colossal event as we’re present for today. We want to thank everyone who came to support the tournament, so please give a round of applause to all the workers who’ve cooked our meals, made our beds, and helped bring this dynamic tournament into being.”

The roar of the crowds vibrated through the stadium.

“We couldn’t have pulled this off without all their help. And it warms my heart to see this stadium packed with people who care about pokémon and higher ideals than what we see now from our global leaders. Without all the Gym Leaders, trainers, professionals, and dreamers here, we wouldn’t reach the goal we seek, and we hope today’s battle reveals the rightful inductee into the Golden Aura.”

The crowds cheered louder again.

“It’s my honor, as well as for my co-MC Justy, to facilitate the greatest battle in history, so please give us one final applause for the Golden Aura’s warmth and presence today as we take the next step to making our world a kinder, peaceful one.”

A final roar of the crowds rang out as Director McPhee handed back the microphone to the official, bowed to Ping, and returned to the media box. Ping returned to the center of the battlefield.

“You both have shown promise during this entire tournament,” Ping said, making eye contact with both warriors, “and we chose you because of the qualities you embody. May this battle reveal the chosen warrior to everyone present, and we wish you both the best of luck.”

Ping left the battlefield, leaving the official to take his place and gesturing for Drew and Aurelian to join him. Despite how confident we were, it was striking to see the contrast in height between them.

“Before we begin, we must cover the rules of today’s battle,” the official said into his microphone. “This will be a fair fight. Each warrior will use six pokémon, and neither warrior may make substitutions. However, both warriors must show their full power and use mega evolution as a battle requirement. A brief intermission will follow once a warrior has lost three pokémon. The Golden Aura hopes to see your comprehensive life experiences and mastered training as they make their final decision. Do we understand the terms and conditions of this battle?”

Both warriors nodded.

“Excellent. Before we begin, each of you may say a few words to your opponent.”

Aurelian stepped forward, taking the microphone offered to him, and gave a smug smirk to Drew.

“I’ve dreamt many nights of humiliating you as the fool that you are, so your friends and everyone watching better be ready to see me crush you.”

The crowds responded with plenty of intimidating hollers and shock. Aurelian’s words angered my group, but Drew’s smile didn’t waver.

“Drew, would you care to respond?” the official asked.

Drew accepted the microphone.

“Wiser men than me once said the boaster and proud person are fools, and wise people stand out in their presence.”

“In English, prestupnik. Nobody sane speaks in proverbs.”

“I love proverbs, but all right. I’ll dumb it down for you - for a man so tall, your words come up short.”

The crowds responded more this time, and our group howled at the clapback.

Aurelian, not pleased with the response, moved closer to him.

“Easy, Aurelian,” the official said. “Keep it fair, please.”

With the microphone again, his eyes narrowed at Drew. “If this battle’s structure was looser, you’d pay for those words.”

This piqued the crowds, but his words didn’t affect Drew, aside from chuckles that only seemed to unnerve him.

“What’s so funny, fool?”

“Chinese proverb - one never needs their humor as much as when they argue with a fool.”

The crowds howled, but only continued to infuriate Aurelian.

“Your words don’t scare me. In fact, they ring hollow, and even without the tournament’s protection, you wouldn’t land a finger on me.”

Aurelian let out a snide chuckle. “I already have, if you haven’t forgotten.”

“There’s a difference between being caught by surprise and allowing it to happen,” Drew replied, his confident smile glued to his face.

“What are you saying? You let me strike you? That’s bullshit and as contrived as your so-called telekinesis.”

Drew let out another chuckle.

“If you’re so confident, then why don’t you take another shot?” he asked, removing a blindfold from his shorts.

“What are you getting at?”

“Do you mind?” Drew asked the official.

To our surprise, the official shook his head. “I’ll allow it, but any risky activity ends with me.”

The official stepped back, allowing Drew to fasten it over his eyes.

“You can’t be serious,” Aurelian said, his mouth gaping, eyes wide open, and glabellar lines stressed.

Drew finished and stood motionless in front of him. “If you’re so confident in my lack of any useful abilities, knock me to the ground.”

The silence on the field was deafening.

“That is… if you can,” Drew added.

Anger swallowed Aurelian’s shock. My training at home came back to mind as I watched, as if everything passed in slow motion. With solid movement, his stance shifted, his right arm drew back and swung toward Drew.

However, the crowd fell into shock as fast as lightning as Drew caught it, taking Aurelian by surprise. Once he realized what happened, his anger swelled again, teeth gritted as he tried to hurl another punch. This time, Drew swerved to the left, his punch missing. Aurelian recoiled and swung again, hoping for an uppercut, but Drew evaded into a back flip before landing several feet behind, drawing applause and cheers from the crowd.

Displeased and growing impatient, Aurelian charged and vaulted into some of his martial arts training, nimble on his feet, and striking once he was close enough to Drew, only for him to pivot away and put out his foot, tripping him. He fell on his face, now more humiliated, even despite the crowds laughing and cheering for Drew.

Drew offered his hand, but he smacked it away, surged to his feet and entered a frenzy of punches aimed in various directions, doing his best to deflect, but Drew kept control, dodging some, blocking others, or using Aurelian’s movements against him, leading him back to the center of the field where the official waited. In a slick move, when Aurelian didn’t expect it, Drew caught a punch, twisted his arm, and held him in a vulnerable position where Drew could’ve injured him.

“Unless you want me to humiliate you more,” Drew said, “I suggest we move on.”

He released Aurelian, but when he attempted one last punch, Drew used his flexibility and Aurelian’s body weight against him, allowing him to miss and fall to the ground again.

“All right, Aurelian,” the official said. “We’ve seen enough.”

Drew removed the blindfold as the official offered a hand to Aurelian, which he took, his face scorned.

The crowds loved everything they’d seen so far, and Aurelian’s expression kept our group in giggles.

“All right, warriors,” the official said. “Let’s shake hands and begin.”

Drew held out his hand first, and Aurelian took it, his muscles contracting and veins popping, as if he was trying to crush his hand. But, from the looks of discomfort on his face and Drew’s pleasant expression, his attempts failed. Looks like Drew’s telekinesis was at play.

Aurelian dropped it and huffed over to his side of the field. Drew moved back toward his side, with us catching a smirk, sending us into laughter again.

“You might be swift on your feet and have Audino-level hearing,” Aurelian spat after he reached his side of the field, veins on his neck more prominent and his eyes narrowed, “but they don’t prove your telekinesis is real.”

“Thank you,” Drew said. “That was almost a compliment. I’ve heard before haters are only friends in denial, so it’s only a matter of time before you’re my number-one fan.”

“Fuck you,” Aurelian replied. “I’m sick of your games, so let’s get on with our battle.”

“Whatever you say,” Drew said.

As he finished speaking, one of Drew’s pokéballs left his belt and rose into the air, levitating in front of him, drawing the entire crowd into shock.

I grinned, having wondered when he’d reveal his power to the world. However, Aurelian didn’t seem fooled.

“It’s another trick of your companion pokémon. Vyrodok. Moral’nyy urod. Ublyudok.”

Drew chuckled. I didn’t understand, but if Drew knew Russian, it wouldn’t have surprised me if he understood.

“You think my companion, who’s in my group’s luxury box, is doing this? Sure... whatever you say, kozyol.”

The crowds howled, and it only fueled Aurelian’s humiliation and hatred of Drew, not to mention whatever was said made Aurelian shake with fury.

“What’s wrong, comrade?” Drew asked. “Aren’t you having fun?”

Aurelian’s voice shook as he spoke, “Mark me words, piz’duk. The only fun I need is to eliminate you from this tournament.”

“Let’s go.”

Aurelian threw out his first pokéball, out of which came his gengar, but with unique coloring. Whereas a normal gengar had a purple body and red irises, its irises were a paler color, like a coral pink, and its body was more of a charcoal gray.

“And Aurelian’s first pokémon is his trusted partner, Gengar,” Justy said. “And, coupled with mega evolution, this pokémon will spell a major headache for Drew.”

Drew’s smile morphed into a smirk as his pokéball floated out in front of him, circling the field a few times before its contents spilled out, and the pokémon forming from the energy was his lucario.

“And Drew’s first pokémon is Lucario, his loyal war-time companion and one of his most powerful teammates,” Director McPhee continued. “This is anyone’s game.”

“The first round is Gengar versus Lucario,” the official said. “Now, warriors, when you’re ready, begin!”

“Gengar, use Sucker Punch!” Aurelian shouted.

Gengar cackled and flew around the battlefield, hoping to confuse its opponent. But Drew remained calm, and Lucario shut its eyes. At the last second, Lucario formed a club with its aura and counterattacked with Meteor Mash, sending it back toward Aurelian.

His response was priceless, as he stood there, his mouth gaping at what he’d seen, the crowds responding with shock.

“Would you look at that!” Director McPhee exclaimed. “Lucario, at the last second, countered with a successful counterattack. But Drew didn’t give a verbal command! Is this the secret he’s kept from us all this time?”

Drew smirked at Aurelian.

“If Lucario was in its mega form,” Justy said, “it would’ve dealt far more damage, so Aurelian was lucky in this standoff.”

Aurelian’s normal energy returned. “You can fool me all you want, but I won’t be toyed with!”

He held his hand over his key stone on his wrist.

“Gengar, let’s show this criminal what real battling is all about. Mega evolve!”

Its body glowed with an opalescent white as its form grew and its mega form materialized, its coloring being a striking white with a slight pink hue on its lower torso, its eyes grayish purple, and its third eye a pale gold.

“Care to live on the wild side?” Aurelian asked.

“That’ll be your first mistake in this battle,” Drew replied. “Lucario, my warrior, let’s teach this fool a lesson. Transform!”

Lucario’s form grew in stature, and its appendages grew larger before its white light faded. Its feet, paws, and appendage tips were crimson.

“This battle is intensifying,” Director McPhee said. “Both pokémon have mega evolved into their mega forms, and each now has heightened strength and speed. So who’ll take the first lead in today’s battle?”

“That’ll be me,” Aurelian said, not skipping a beat. “Gengar, Foul Play!”

Drew’s smirk widened as Gengar took off toward Lucario, much faster than its previous attack. Lucario took off also, using its Extremespeed as a dodging technique.

“Don’t let it escape,” Aurelian said. “Keep at it until you reach it!”

It took several moments for Gengar to catch a break in Drew’s strategy before it grabbed it, brought it above the battlefield, and flung it toward the ground. But it didn’t falter. Rather than colliding with the ground, it got its footing and used its landing as a springboard to launch itself, his paw glowing as it struck Gengar with a Meteor Mash, the contact creating fireworks above us with the sun at its high point and its rainbow-tinged attack raining onto the field.

The crowds cheered at the display sending Gengar back to the battlefield, sustaining massive damage shown on its body. Aurelian gritted his teeth, which only exacerbated Drew’s smirk.

“This is quite the display,” Justy said. “Drew’s silent and unexpected strategy’s causing Aurelian several critical missteps.”

“What are you deducing?” Director McPhee asked.

“Drew has led Aurelian into a false sense of security, keeping his true telekinesis a secret until today. He’s commanding Lucario without speaking, and he’s allowed Lucario to take Gengar’s Dark-type moves, which raises its attack, and its mega ability Adaptability raises its Steel- and Fighting-type moves by 30 percent. So what we witnessed was a calculated strategy, and such power should’ve knocked Gengar out.”

“Remarkable,” McPhee replied. “The question now is how Aurelian will handle this development.”

Our entire box couldn’t stop cheering for our Champion, and I relished Aurelian’s humiliation. What flawless revenge for everything he’d put us through. I couldn’t wait to see what else Drew had up his sleeve.

“Gengar, send a flurry of Shadow Balls their way!”

Gengar shook itself off and used its floating hands to charge and fire masses of purplish black spheres at Drew’s side of the field. Once they were close enough to Lucario, a blue aura outlined its eyes and form, immobilizing the spheres before swirling them around it like they were satellites traveling around a star.

“This isn’t convenient for Aurelian,” Director McPhee said.

“He’s underestimating Drew’s strategy,” Justy added.

Then, as the spheres floated around it, they stopped, immobilized as it charged an enormous Aura Sphere between its paws. The floating spheres flew toward it and surrounded the sphere in a dark aura before it fired like a cannon toward Gengar, accelerated by Psychic and Shadow Ball, and struck fast, casting smoke over Aurelian’s side of the field. When it lifted, Gengar was knocked out on the ground, returning to its normal form.

“Gengar is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of the first round is Lucario!”

The crowds cheered, and Aurelian’s hand moved to his face before calling it back to its pokéball.

“Now that Aurelian’s seen more of Drew’s strategy, what will he do to counter?” Director McPhee asked.

“If he wants a chance of winning this battle,” Justy replied, “he needs to backtrack and find a hole in Drew’s tactics, or he needs more firepower. We’ll have to see what direction he takes.”

After collapsing and setting his pokéball back on his belt, he took a new one and tossed it, an absol emerging out of its energy.

“And Absol is Aurelian’s next teammate,” Director McPhee said. “Another solid choice, but how will it fare against Lucario?”

Aurelian’s expression shifted to a blank, stony expression as he set his sights back on Drew. This hand moved to his key stone.

“Absol, mega evolve!”

Its body glowed white and its new form didn’t grow but became fluffier, with wings sprouting out of its back and its tail and horn on its head growing.

“Future Sight!”

Absol let out a mew, and orbs materialized from its horns and flew into the air, disappearing after they traveled toward the sun.

“An unexpected turn for this battle,” Director McPhee said. “If this lands, this could offer some extra help to Aurelian to edge out Drew’s advantage.”

“It’s a start,” Justy said. “But that alone won’t cut Drew’s laser-sharp focus.”

“Now, Absol, Flamethrower!”

Brilliant orange flames erupted from its mouth, its sights set on Lucario. But as fast as it moved, Lucario’s white aura denoting its Extremespeed attack allowed it plenty of opportunity to avoid the attack and move on the offensive.

“Counter it with Zen Headbutt!”

As Lucario sped toward it, Absol’s head glowed with a blue aura before they collided with each other. Both pokémon retreated to their sides of the field, giving both trainers a chance to think.

“Did you see that?” Justy asked.

“Yes,” Director McPhee replied. “What about it?”

“That’s Drew’s move. We have it on record from the Pokémon League that Drew was the trainer who created that move over 10 years ago, so what a sight to see another trainer using it in the original trainer’s presence.”

Drew’s smirk faded some, which seemed to invigorate Aurelian.

“What? Catch you by surprise?”

“Not at all… but one can’t forget when someone uses their own move against them,” Drew replied.

“It might be yours, but it doesn’t mean you can use its power more effectively. Hit it again!”

Absol took off again with its head glowing. But, when we expected Lucario to move, it didn’t. When we least expected it, it had blue spheres glowing in its paws, and it made contact as Zen Headbutt landed, sending both pokémon back.

“Well, this lineup is even,” Director McPhee said. “Who will take the lead?”

As the dust settled, Drew must’ve called another attack, as Lucario took off, moving fast toward Absol for Close Combat. This caught Aurelian by surprise, who had to act fast.

“Absol, counter with Psycho Cut!”

At last, it appeared Aurelian knew not to use a Dark-type move, as it only worked against him. At least this would deal more damage to Lucario and pose a greater chance of scoring a critical hit.

Absol took off, its horn glowing purple before they collided. Out of the two, Absol sustained the most damage, with it showing on its body as it panted. From the sky, Future Sight rained over Lucario, sending it back to Drew’s side, having sustained some damage but still stood strong.

“This has been an intense battle already,” Director McPhee said, “but Aurelian’s tactics have failed to gain an advantage.”

“It also begs the question of if Drew’s psychic wall we’ve seen this entire tournament can be broken,” Justy added. “So far, Aurelian hasn’t found a loophole, so he needs a new strategy.”

Sweat clung to Aurelian’s brow as he stood silent, pondering.

“Wow,” Drew said.

“What?” Aurelian asked, unamused.

“I’m shocked you’re this quiet. Maybe you aren’t as foolish as I thought.”

Our group snickered as Aurelian’s cool continued to sustain blows.

“I’m over your fake, worthless ass, and I’m losing my patience in showing the world your true colors.”

“You seem to have no problem showing the world yours,” Drew replied.

When we least expected it, Lucario took off again with another Close Combat.

“I don’t think so!” Aurelian replied, anger seeping out without restraint. “Knock his ass back with Foul Play!”

Both pokémon sprinted toward the other and made contact, but the standoff didn’t end in Aurelian’s favor. Lucario held on, delivering its attack and sustaining Aurelian’s, but it held onto it as they tumbled back, and followed it up with another strike.

From the last move and Drew’s devious smirk, it confirmed how much he enjoyed infuriating Aurelian. From the stand-off, despite Lucario’s attack being raised again, it had taken more damage, and Absol was knocked out.

“Absol is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of the second round is Lucario.”

The crowds cheered, and Aurelian’s head rested in his left hand as he called back Absol.

“Drew maintains his lead, with 2-0,” Justy said. “What are your thoughts, Reinhold?”

“This is one of the greatest battles we’ve seen in the longest time,” Director McPhee replied. “Never in modern history have two trainers battled not only with their pokémon but also with their full mental and physical strength.”

“Couldn’t agree more,” Justy said. “I’m sure I can speak on behalf of the audience that we can’t wait to see what else is in store for our warriors.”

“Oh, can it in the media box!” Aurelian shouted at them, receiving mixed reactions from the crowd.

His sights turned to Drew.

“I won’t be humiliated any longer,” he said. “I’m done playing games, and I’m trouncing you and your pokémon. To hell with decency.”

He threw out his third pokéball, out of which came his houndoom. The matchup was even, but Aurelian’s strategy confused me.

“What is he doing?” I asked.

“No idea,” Misty said.

“He’s still reeling from not humiliating Drew like he wanted,” Brock said. “He can only flail like a stunfisk for so long before Drew guts him.”

“Agreed,“ Lance added. “He’s the toughest trainer in Europe, so he has to have more firepower at his disposal that he hasn’t used yet. There’s no way he’d let Drew get to this point, so with his lack of control over his emotions, I’d say Drew needs to be cautious.”

“And Aurelian’s next pokémon is Houndoom,” Director McPhee said. “Aurelian may now have the chance to topple Drew’s seamless strategy.”

“Sunny Day!”

Shimmers flaked off Houndoom’s body and floated into the sky, the sunlight over the battlefield intensifying moments later.

Drew’s expression was less smug and more stoic as he pondered. Still, Lucario spun where it was, blue swords materializing, showing its attack strengthening as he waited to see Aurelian’s next tactic.

“Overheat!” Aurelian shouted. “Annihilate the fool!”

We stiffened as Houndoom shot off a mighty jet of reddish-orange flames. But he hadn’t aimed the attack at Lucario, as the flames missed it and shot toward Drew. Our entire group gasped.

“DREW!” I shouted.

Seconds later, the sight on our field left us speechless. In an act of protection, Lucario used its Extremespeed to intercept the attack and took it, sustaining the blow meant for Drew, sparing him but damage showing all over its body, collapsing to the ground in a knock-out.

The crowds, silent at first after seeing the underhanded tactic, booed Aurelian.

“Lucario is unable to battle,” the official said. “Aurelian, this is your final warning. Another step out of line, and I’ll be forced to disqualify you. We do not tolerate misconduct here.”

Aurelian, to contrast, didn’t exhibit any remorse, but whatever slight emotion shown contained menace.

“I can’t believe him,” I said, my anger mounting.

“There’s no limit to how low he’ll stoop,” Lance said.

“Drew will take care of him,” Brock said. “There’s no way he can prevail with those tactics.”

Drew’s stoic expression broke, showing a bit of anger but keeping it reserved as he walked to the center of the field, and paid some love to Lucario for its protective spirit. After a tender moment to counteract Aurelian’s dastard sneak attack, he called it back and returned to his place on the battlefield.

“What an unexpected and illegal tactic,” Justy said. “Aurelian should know better. This is the championship round, after all. It also speaks volumes that Lucario acted to protect its trainer at all costs.”

“Agreed,” Director McPhee said. “Another misstep and we’ll have a winner; however, it isn’t what the crowds or the Golden Aura want. Let’s see where the tide of this battle turns.”

Another of Drew’s pokéballs floated off his belt before he released it, with Gallade appearing on the battlefield.

“And Drew’s second pokémon is Gallade, another of his trusted fighters,” Director McPhee said.

“It’s also one of his staple teammates in this tournament,” Justy replied, “so Aurelian needs to prepare for another psychic wall.”

“If he’s resorting to illegal tactics,” McPhee added, “then I’d assume his tactics will change.”

“We’ll have to see.”

Drew’s eyes were more narrowed now, which only brought out Aurelian’s smugness.

“Listen,” Drew said to him. “You can mess with me all you want, but I won’t tolerate any mistreatment of my pokémon. Understand?”

Aurelian snickered. “And how do you figure, you fraud? There’s no way you’d be able to answer in place of them.”

“Aurelian, don’t try me. I’m a soldier at heart, so I will defend my pokémon till my dying breath.”

“That I’d love to see. Houndoom, mega evolve! Let’s strengthen our firepower!”

Houndoom glowed, and its form grew as its body changed, with it having more bone-like armor on its body and hotter firepower, as evidenced by the smoke leaving its nostrils and its intense orange-red claws on its paws.

“Whatever Drew does,” Justy said, “he’ll have to contend with Houndoom’s mega form and its heightened firepower, as its flames are deadly.”

“C’mon, prestupnik, prove it! If you’re a true soldier, then fight like one. Houndoom, Body Slam!”

“If it’s a fight you want, so be it,” Drew replied.

Gallade took off also with Close Combat, with both charging and colliding, sending both back to their respective sides; however, Gallade, despite delivering serious damage to Houndoom, knelt on the ground, unable to move because of paralysis. This sight only intensified Aurelian’s sinister grin.

“Now, Houndoom, use Nasty Plot!”

A red aura shone around it, leading to a mightier snarl once it faded.

“This isn’t looking promising for Gallade,” Director McPhee said. “With Sunny Day in effect and Nasty Plot, Houndoom’s reduced attack from its first Overheat has been restored to its normal level.”

“And, by mega evolving, it activates its ability,” Justy added. “With Solar Power and Sunny Day, in exchange for some of its health, its attack’s amplified 200 percent, so its firepower has increased three-fold. Drew must show caution.”

Sweat appeared on Drew’s brow, both from the heat and the pressure, as he pondered. Gallade appeared to attempt some movement, but couldn’t.

“How sweet this is,” Aurelian said. “My power increases, and your loyal soldier can do nothing to protect you. Incinerate Gallade with Overheat!”

Our group held hands as we watched, unsure of this round’s final outcome. The fire spewing from Houndoom’s mouth looked hot enough to melt steel into a puddle with ease, but yet what we saw sent the entire crowd into shock. Gallade was unharmed, and like lightning, Drew had teleported in front of his warrior and used his telekinesis to subdue the attack by creating a force field around them, using most of his strength to propel the heat away so as not to sustain any first- or second-degree burns.

When the attack subsided, the entire world saw Drew’s telekinesis with zero doubt that what they saw was authentic. Drew’s irises glowed a deep sky blue, with the same aura emanating around his body like a shimmery cloud, soon evaporating until his brown irises returned.

The crowds reacted as expected, in awe and processing its shock over what they’d witnessed.

“What an incredible sight,” Justy said.

“You’ve got that right, Justy,” Director McPhee replied. “Drew followed through on his words and intercepted the last attack and protected Gallade from a fatal blow. Seems there’s no argument that Drew’s power is real.”

Aurelian stood dumbfounded on his side of the field.

“How did you-”

“If you paid more attention and weren’t set on writing me off, O wise one, you would’ve seen it right in front of you,” Drew replied.

“And why should I believe that wasn’t one of your pokémon?”

“Because you’re too hard-headed.”

The crowds chuckled, annoying Aurelian.

“Few humans have that ability,” he said.

“If you don’t believe me, fire another attack.”

“Fine. Houndoom, Dark Pulse!”

It fired black-purple circular energy out of its mouth, and like before, his body and eyes glowed blue, and through a fighter’s stance, Drew immobilized the attack, bringing it into a ring around himself, some of it dividing off and striking Gallade, raising its attack. Then, in one solid move, Drew flipped into a webster axe kick, his power grabbing the attack as he flipped and fired it back at Houndoom, striking it with minimal damage because of its typing. But the crowds cheered, part of them giving Drew a standing ovation.

As Aurelian continued to process his shock, Drew teleported back to his original spot on the battlefield, confirming, yet again, none of this was a trick.

“How do you explain that, fool?” Drew asked.

Aurelian, despite having no means of explaining what was plain to everyone there, didn’t respond.

“That’s what I thought. Maybe some humility would benefit you because I’m blasting you into our intermission.”

Gallade’s body shone before it leapt, its paralysis gone because of its unyielding fighter’s spirit, earning some cheers from the crowd.

“Try to redirect this.”

Gallade charged at Houndoom with Close Combat.

“I don’t think so,” Aurelian replied. “Counter with Body Slam!”

Houndoom took off also, with both colliding and kicking up dust. Once it settled, both pokémon were knocked out, unable to battle.

“Both Houndoom and Gallade are unable to battle,” the official said. “This round ends in a draw and closes out our first round.”

“And now, ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached our intermission,” Director McPhee said. “Our warriors can recalibrate their strategies and rest, so stay tuned when we return.”

With the battle half over, our group tore itself away from our view of the battlefield to make our own margaritas and deluxe nachos, thanks to the provided wet bar and chafing dishes with braised carnitas and queso and plenty of fixings. I took my nachos, my chips and pork bathed with queso and topped with sour cream, jalapenos, fajita vegetables, and salsa verde before chatting more with my colleagues.

“It’s wonderful being here and cheering Drew on again,” Lorelei said, feeling déjà vu compared to the last time we were supporting him. “At least we don’t have the burden of roasting the redheaded weasel. This is much easier.”

Misty and Brock snickered, with Lance giving her a look.

“You keep babbling, Elsa,” he replied, “and you’re gonna have some dragon tail to deal with.”

“First of all, no, you horny man-child,” she said. “And second, my Ice-types are ready to send your reptiles back to the Ice Age.”

More of our Kanto colleagues snickered. Clair, his cousin, knew about our teasing but seemed to enjoy how it came at his expense.

“Levi, you have a lot of patience.”

We all laughed.

“He’d have to,” I said. “He gets himself into trouble, but we wouldn’t tease him if we didn’t love and value him.”

“Well-” Lorelei began, sending us back into hysterics again.

“It doesn’t feel like it’s been seven years since Lance and Drew’s championship battle,” I replied.

“It’s been 10 years since Team Rocket’s raid,” Karen said.

“Has it?” Erika asked. “Wow… it doesn’t even seem like it.”

“Our soldier has come a long way,” Lt. Surge said, towering over us as we sat. “But he’s made us all proud.”

“He’s set an excellent example of how a community should support one other,” Janine said, with her father nodding. “If other communities would emulate it, the world as we know it would transform.”

“Agreed,” Brock said. “And that’s the broader purpose of the Golden Aura. Once Drew prevails, he’ll have more power and influence to help bring about positive change.”

I grinned. “Here’s to Drew kicking Aurelian’s ass!”

“Hear, hear!” my group responded, glasses clinking throughout our box as we unwound.



Chapter 22



The Greatness of the Meek



Once we finished our snacks and drinks, Director McPhee’s voice through the speakers brought us back to attention.

“Welcome back to the second half of our championship round,” Director McPhee said. “We’ve already seen magnificent displays of power in this battle, and we’re eager to see who will become the Golden Aura’s newest Grand Master. Justy, any predictions on who you think the Golden Aura will choose?”

Justy laughed. “You won’t hear me calling any names, so nice try.”

Director McPhee chuckled.

“Both warriors are fierce competitors today,” Justy said, “and from speaking to multiple guests, they’re on the edge of their seats to see who comes out victorious.”

“We can’t blame them,” McPhee said. “Conversations online are at an all-time high, with both warriors trending within millions of conversations. Whatever the outcome is, this battle will live on in our history books. So we’re ready to return to our battle.”

The previous official returned to the field.

“Our battle between Aurelian Borisyuk and Drew Brown will now continue. Please welcome our warriors back to the field.”

The crowds cheered as they returned from opposite ends of the field, taking their earlier spots.

“As a reminder,” the official continued, “I want a fair battle. Is that understood?”

Both trainers nodded.

“A coin toss will determine who will send out their next pokémon first, which offers their opponent the opportunity to alter their strategy if necessary,” he said, holding a coin between his thumb and index finger. “Aurelian will be heads, and Drew will be tails.”

The official flipped the coin, soaring into the air before catching it and turning it over.

“And it’s tails, so Drew will be first to choose his next pokémon.”

While not the worst circumstance imaginable, this meant Aurelian had the advantage and could choose a more suitable opponent. Despite Drew having a slight lead, not having the advantage had the potential to set him back.

Regardless, Drew appeared confident as a new pokéball floated off his belt before propelling it into the center of the field, out of which came his garchomp. With a strong contender, I couldn’t fathom what Aurelian would choose next. He smirked before taking a pokéball off his belt and hurling it, out of which came an abomasnow, a dual Grass/Ice-type pokémon resembling an evergreen tree.

As soon as it appeared, its ability brought clouds over the stadium, with hail falling all around the battlefield. It lowered the temperature, and it was bound to be a pesky obstacle for Drew, though Garchomp’s Sandstorm could eliminate it from the battle. Still, with Dig not being feasible in this setting, it made me wonder how Drew would alter his normal strategy.

“This battle will now resume, with Garchomp versus Abomasnow,” the official said. “May the mightiest warrior prevail. Begin!”

“Abomasnow, use Ingrain!” Aurelian shouted.

Roots shot out of its feet and ingrained themselves into the ground, the purpose being to absorb nutrients and replenish its health. How it could receive any health from the battlefield, I didn’t know, chuckling to myself.

Drew smirked, with Garchomp taking flight, flying around the battlefield. It dodged the hail falling around it and began spinning as it flew, dust exploding from its body as a sandstorm erupted all over the field and removed the hail.

“What a remarkable display,” Director McPhee said. “Even though Garchomp isn’t a Psychic-type pokémon, Drew’s built connections with all his pokémon and gives them direction without giving verbal commands.”

“It’s impressive and super unheard of,” Justy added, “and his latest ploy may prove fruitful for Drew. With Garchomp’s Sand Veil, its evasion rises, so it’ll offer it some extra protection from Abomasnow’s strong Ice-type moves.”

“True,” McPhee said, “but Ingrain wasn’t a useless move.”

“How so?”

“I’m sure Aurelian knew about Garchomp’s adaptability with sandstorms, so Ingrain anchors Abomasnow to the field.”

“Yes, that’s a valid point. But, just because it’s anchored, doesn’t mean it’s safe.”

“They’re absolutely right,” Drew said. “Garchomp, why don’t you help Abomasnow get unstuck with Stone Edge!”

Sure enough, as stone pillars rose from the field, Aurelian couldn’t offer it any command to shield itself, sustaining a direct strike and was sent back flying, giving Drew the chance for Garchomp to swoop in for a Dragon Rush.

“I don’t think so,” Aurelian shouted. “Abomasnow, spin and use Ice Shard!”

Its reflexes activated fast, as daggers of ice shot out in every direction, striking Garchomp before it collided with Abomasnow, both taking damage, with Abomasnow receiving some extra because of Garchomp’s hidden ability. Garchomp recoiled and landed on Drew’s side of the field. Then, with his smirk becoming more intense, we saw shimmers floating off Garchomp’s body to Aurelian’s side of the field, materializing into several stone pillars.

“And Drew springs a stealthy ploy on Aurelian, so Stealth Rock will be a headache for each new pokémon he sends out.”

Our entire group couldn’t stop snickering, especially Lance, being the trainer most familiar with the tactic.

“Aurelian’s toast,” Lance said.

“So we’re playing that way?” Aurelian asked.

“You’re welcome.”

“That wasn’t a thank-you, prestupnik. Abomasnow, let’s boost our power and defeat this loser. Mega evolve!”

Abomasnow glowed an opalescent white and grew fuller, with enormous ice pillars on its back and its fur more bristled like Silver’s persian when something spooked it.

“Let’s join the fun, Garchomp,” Drew said. “Go! Mega evolve!”

Garchomp glowed white, its form remaining the same size but its jaws, legs, and wings growing stronger.

“Abomasnow, use Blizzard!”

With Sand Veil gone, Garchomp’s evasion boost evaporated, so Abomasnow shot a massive flurry of ice toward Garchomp.

To counterattack, a turquoise orb charged and fired out of its mouth, with Dragon Pulse matching Blizzard’s intensity. Then, once the attacks canceled out, Stone Edge began again, a surefire way to slow Aurelian’s strategy, given Abomasnow’s mega form was much slower than Garchomp.

“Counter with Leaf Storm!” Aurelian shouted.

Glowing leaves left its body and transformed into a tornado, tearing through Garchomp’s attack and leaving it a pile of boulders on the battlefield, which was a prime advantage for Drew.

No sooner had Leaf Storm subsided, Garchomp continued with another Stone Edge, trying to catch Aurelian off guard.

“Leaf Storm again!”

Drew’s efforts succeeded, for as Leaf Storm began again to counter and destroy the stone pillar, Garchomp was charging a mighty Hyper Beam, which Aurelian didn’t notice until it was too late. As Leaf Storm dissipated, Garchomp fired, giving no opportunity for Abomasnow to evade. The high-energy attack carried some boulders as it struck it and knocked it back, delivering massive damage and scattering dust.

“What a strategy!” Director McPhee exclaimed.

“Couldn’t agree more,” Justy said. “With fast succession and nonverbal direction, Aurelian still isn’t able to undermine Drew’s strategy. The odds of Abomasnow surviving this onslaught are slim.”

To our surprise, once the dust settled, an exhausted Abomasnow charged and fired a massive Blizzard attack, giving Garchomp no chance to evade because of recharging from such a powerful attack, sustaining a direct attack and knocking it out.

“Garchomp is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Abomasnow.”

The crowds cheered as Drew moved to Garchomp and loved on it.

“You were incredible,” he told it. “You fought well, so please take a long rest.”

It chortled before returning to its pokéball, with Drew returning to his place on the battlefield.

“Three pokémon remain for Drew,” Director McPhee said, “and he’s waged a tremendous fight so far.”

“His strategy has been seamless throughout this match,” Justy replied. “But Aurelian has also fought well. It’s no wonder these two warriors bested the other 190 warriors to enter the grandest battle we’ve witnessed.”

“Still not calling any bets?” McPhee asked.

Justy chuckled. “I’m not falling for your attempts to stir the pot, Reinhold. I’m certain the crowds would like us to move on.”

McPhee joined him. “Fair enough. Aurelian has three teammates left, though Garchomp decimated most of Abomasnow’s energy before it knocked it out, so what will Aurelian do as Drew chooses his next teammate?”

Drew’s smirk grew as another pokéball floated off his belt and rose into the air before it released, with his next teammate being his blaziken.

Aurelian’s face tensed, not showing any confidence, which I relished. Drew would knock his current teammate out fast, and the only other pokémon we knew of was his kangaskhan, as his sixth pokémon remained a mystery. With Drew’s remaining team, his victory didn’t seem far off or unattainable.

“You’ve fought well,” Drew said.

“Don’t patronize me,” Aurelian replied. “Your words mean nothing to me. I refuse to concede, and I have a secret weapon waiting for you. I’m biding my time till it’s time to blast you out of this stadium. Abomasnow, Sheer Cold!”

Drew’s smirk grew, and as we watched, Blaziken used its powerful legs to leap into the air, soaring above the stadium and evading the massive barrage of ice released from Abomasnow’s body covering the entire battlefield, disappearing into the sun’s blinding light, and a sharp flash intensified within it, with many shielding their eyes. When it diminished, a massive fireball returned to the field, its scorching heat protecting Blaziken from the freezing chill that could knock out most standard opponents and melted the surrounding ice. When it landed, and the flames dissipated, Blaziken returned in its mega form, yielding intense roars from the crowd.

“Outstanding,” Director McPhee said. “Drew’s strategy is once again spot on, as it avoids Aurelian’s attempt to score a fast victory and counters a change onto the battlefield.”

“You’ve got that right,” Justy replied. “With Blaziken’s mega form out, this puts Aurelian and his teammates at a tremendous disadvantage.”

Sweat appeared on Aurelian’s brow as he processed the sight before him, but his anger continued to take hold.

“Damn it, blast those fools with the strongest Hyper Beam you can. Say your prayers!”

As Abomasnow charged and fired the strongest attack it could muster, Drew didn’t flinch. Blaziken entered a fighter’s stance, protecting itself as the attack carried boulders and hurled them at it, causing damage but not producing the intended effect. To counter, Blaziken leapt off the field, its grace and power on display as it opened its mouth and fired its own Hyper Beam, thanks to Mirror Move, at Abomasnow, who couldn’t evade due to recharging and sustained a direct attack, knocking it out.

“Abomasnow is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Blaziken.”

The crowds cheered, and Aurelian stomped his foot on the ground in protest. Drew’s smirk didn’t relent as the crowds cheered. Once they settled, I gave some more pain to Aurelian.

“Drew’s got game! Drew’s got game!”

Soon, our entire group was chanting it, and after a few moments, at least half of the assembled crowds were chanting it as well. The annoyed expression on Aurelian’s face was priceless and worth the minimal effort taken to energize the crowds.

“The crowds are loving this match,” Director McPhee said. “What showmanship.”

“Couldn’t agree more,” Justy said. “Regardless of what people might’ve thought about Drew since this tournament’s beginning, I don’t see how they could watch the prowess and strategy we’ve seen today and not conclude that he’s a true Pokémon Master.”

Drew’s face showed a mix of pride and pure snark as his smirk continued in Aurelian’s direction.

“Aurelian only has his final two pokémon remaining,” McPhee added. “We know about Kangaskhan already, but there’s been much discussion over the identity of his final pokémon and if it’ll become Drew’s newest headache.”

Aurelian called back his pokémon, stone-faced, before he took another pokéball off his belt. He hesitated before sending it out, out of which came his kangaskhan. The stone pillars came alive and struck it, providing some damage.

“And there’s the teammate of the hour,” Director McPhee said. “For any unread fans, while kangaskhan are an endangered species in the US, in other countries, like Russia, they thrive in other locations with care from preservation groups.”

“And, so everyone’s brought up to speed,” Justy added. “Drew’s left Aurelian with Kangaskhan and his mystery teammate. On Drew’s side, he has Blaziken and Metagross, as well as a sixth unknown pokémon. The crowd’s in for a treat once this battle concludes.”

Nothing happened on the field, with Aurelian and Drew in a standoff. Eye contact locked, expressions either stony or smug, and nothing was said in that moment until Aurelian broke the silence.

“What, prestupnik?”

Drew shrugged, his smirk transitioning into a smile. “Feeling great over here. We’re only a couple of moves away from seeing that mystery pokémon of yours.”

Aurelian fumed. “You sound awfully confident about that.”

“Ready for me to prove it?”

“Not on your life, fool!” he replied, his hand resting on his key stone. “Kangaskhan, mega evolve!”

Its form glowed an opalescent white, its form not changing much from its original by the time the light faded, except for its child becoming larger and stronger and standing on its own outside its parent’s pouch.

“Mega Kangaskhan is on the field, with Parental Bond making its debut,” Director McPhee said. “This will allow more damage to be given to its opponent by allowing its child to participate with its parent in battle.”

“It’s an exciting ability to observe, Reinhold,” Justy replied. “Kangaskhan are super protective of their young, so this is a unique scenario. Drew will need to be cautious with Aurelian’s pokémon, but Aurelian should also take note. Blaziken’s mega form has incredible speed and attack and will offer a major fight.”

“Do you two EVER stop yammering?!” Aurelian exclaimed, aimed at the media box. “Argh! Kangaskhan, Focus Energy!”

In response to his command, Kangaskhan glowed with a red aura, boosting its power to deliver critical hits when attacking. However, Drew didn’t skip a beat. As it glowed, Blaziken’s feet glowed with an intense red aura, and as it took off and flipped through martial arts stances, its feet fired red orbs toward Aurelian’s side of the field, which became boulders, signaling its Rock Tomb attack.

“Destroy them with Mega Punch!”

Both Kangaskhan and its child countered and destroyed them on contact, turning them to rubble. But Drew’s attack didn’t relent. Like a well-oiled machine, Blaziken continued its attack, spiking boulders at high speed like a volleyball player, and Aurelian’s team had to remain vigilant and counter everything from Drew’s side.

“Keep it up,” Aurelian shouted, annoyed with Drew’s tactic and being unable to predict his next move.

Without a moment of hesitation, Blaziken ceased spiking boulders and took off, its speed eliciting shocks from the crowd as it rushed and struck Kangaskhan with a Sky Uppercut, sending it to the ground. It stood, having sustained damage, and the crowds were chanting again for Drew, only fueling Aurelian’s frustration.

“Drew’s got game! Drew’s got game! Drew’s got game!”

Our group snickered, and I relished it, so proud of having had an influence over the crowd. It wasn’t like Drew needed it - his prowess on the battlefield and his telekinesis earned him his recognition, and I was only helping the crowd see who the rightful winner of the battle was. And seeing my favorite color make its way to Aurelian’s face was a bonus.

“What’s happening, Reinhold?” Justy asked. “You’re so quick to comment. Meowth got your tongue?”

Director McPhee chuckled. “I’m speechless at what we’re seeing. There’s nothing else I can add. I’m enamored with Blaziken’s speed and power.”

“The crowd’s right there with you.”

“Argh, Kangaskhan, use Mega Punch!”

It dashed, both creatures’ fists glowing as they charged toward Drew’s side of the field. But, when they were close in proximity, Blaziken evaded, its Speed Boost ability keeping it as the fastest creature on the field.

“Follow it!” Aurelian shouted. ”Don’t let it get away!”

We couldn’t look away without fear of missing something important. Kangaskhan pursued Blaziken in a persian and raticate game, with Kangaskhan pushing itself to pursue Blaziken, despite its high evasion and speed. This couldn’t continue outright without it getting tired, so a standoff was due as soon as Drew’s strategy opted for it.

This continued for a minute. When it showed signs of exhaustion, Blaziken stopped, allowing it to get within striking range. But many of us with objective minds knew its cessation of evading wasn’t because he’d worn it out or couldn’t continue to evade. As soon as Kangaskhan swung and made contact, Blaziken’s body became outlined in an orange aura, and Drew’s smirk became more malevolent.

“Enjoy,” was all he said.

Once Blaziken’s body glowed orange, it flipped and struck Kangaskhan, sending it flying back to Aurelian’s side of the field. After the dust settled, it laid on the ground, knocked out, earning a deafening roar from the crowd after we witnessed the outcome.

“Kangaskhan is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Blaziken.”

Drew ran out onto the field and embraced Blaziken, with it showing nothing but love to its trainer. Our entire group jumped and hollered in our box, so proud of our Champion who only had one victory remaining to be declared the winner of this battle. Aurelian, as expected, fumed and called his pokémon back, disgusted with the turn of the battle’s events.

“What an unexpected move,” Director McPhee said. “Drew has mastered his psychic tactics and has trolled and squashed every one of his opponent’s tactics, with that Counter attack being unexpected and deadly.”

“I’m finding myself speechless now,” Justy replied, chuckling.

“Aurelian now has only his final pokémon left,” McPhee added, “and now the entire world will learn who his most treasured teammate is.”

Aurelian’s expression was the coldest, most stoney, and most emotionless I’d seen during the entire battle. He tossed his last pokéball in his right hand, catching it and repeating, processing through this moment on his own. For whatever reason, Drew remained on the field after paying some well-deserved love to his partner.

“I wasn’t expecting to be brought to this point,” Aurelian said, breaking his silence, “but don’t expect me to gush about how strong or ingenious you are because you’re still an unworthy criminal who doesn’t deserve to lead a group as prestigious and diplomatic as the Golden Aura.”

The crowd booed in response, but it didn’t faze him.

“My mind hasn’t changed, and I’m now brought to my final onslaught to show you what power and masculinity are truly about. I promised you a fight, and you won’t get past my last teammate, so say goodbye to any notions you have of defeating me. Go!”

His pokéball soared through the air and released, and its energy escaped and formed into a large creature. We all sat on the edges of our seats, keen to find out its identity. When the light faded, it was revealed to be a salamence. The stone pillars came alive again and delivered significant damage.

“Let’s raise the firepower,” Aurelian said, angered as his hand rested on his key stone. “Salamence, mega evolve! Let’s defeat this criminal!”

Its body glowed white and grew, its shape undergoing dramatic changes. When the light faded, its wings had fused into a giant crescent moon shape, with its front legs tucked into itself and its tail shrinking and facial fins growing. It took off, soaring around the battlefield at top speed, and the assured victory I foresaw for Drew retreated.

“And Aurelian’s last pokémon is Salamence,” Director McPhee said. “This is a surprise, and its mega form will spell one giant headache for Drew.”

“I couldn’t agree more,” Justy replied. “With its violent nature and its powerful attack, defense, and speed stats, this creature will be tough to beat, even with Drew’s psychic wall.”

Drew didn’t seem nervous, as his smirk remained where it was.

“Scared yet?”

“Not in the slightest,” Drew replied. “In fact, this only excites me more.”

Annoyed, Aurelian let out a breath. “You must be eager to lose. Salamence, use Focus Energy!”

As it soared around the battlefield, it glowed with a blue energy, boosting its powers and preparing for the grandest battle of its life.

Blaziken didn’t hesitate and transitioned into another Rock Tomb attack, hurling many spheres toward Salamence, all forming boulders and ready to hinder it and target its weakness.

“Dodge, and use Hyper Beam!”

It fell out of the line of fire before firing a powerful energy attack toward the ground. With its high speed, Blaziken dodged and returned to its Rock Tomb attack again, achieving multiple strikes against Salamence as it tried to dodge and recharge from its attack.

“Double-Edge!”

Salamence took aim and flew at top speed toward Blaziken. As soon as it got close enough, Blaziken evaded, with Salamence colliding with the battlefield, sending shock waves through the stadium.

“Again!”

It soared again and pursued it, missing again with Blaziken’s speed.

“Double-Edge, and hit your mark!” Aurelian shouted.

It took off again, and Blaziken showed some exhaustion. However, it stood its ground and surrounded itself with fire as it launched itself with a Flare Blitz at Salamence, the collision causing an explosion, with smoke obscuring the battlefield.

“What a matchup!” Director McPhee said.

The smoke cleared, and the battlefield showed Blaziken knocked out on the ground.

“Blaziken is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Salamence.”

The crowds gave some meager cheers, the first time they’d shown any ambivalence toward Aurelian’s performance. However, Drew smiled as he moved and paid some love to Blaziken before calling it back to its pokéball.

“Despite having a rough time taking a lead in this battle,” Director McPhee continued, “Aurelian may now have a fighting chance to see the end.”

“Agreed,” Justy said. “He wasn’t kidding when he mentioned having a secret weapon waiting for him. Salamence proved to be far too powerful for Blaziken to endure, as its Aerilate ability converts any Normal-type move to the Flying-type, which will boost its attack thanks to its typing. As long as neither of Drew’s remaining pokémon have a weakness for Flying-type moves, he may still stand a chance.”

Drew returned to his side of the field with another pokéball floating off his belt and releasing its contents, this time being his metagross. Despite how powerful it was, it remained unknown how it would fare against Salamence.

“Mega evolve!” Drew shouted.

Its body shone white, and its form doubled in size. When the light faded, the X mask on its face was gold, and it had four powerful arms, a much more formidable threat.

“And here’s Drew’s psychic powerhouse, Metagross,” Director McPhee said. “This isn’t a pokémon I’d want to encounter, as its power is unparalleled… well, except for Salamence.”

“Agreed,” Justy replied. “There aren’t many pokémon who can compete with Salamence. Metagross may be one of them… but from what we’ve seen already, Salamence will be a tough contender to conquer.”

“What do you suppose Drew needs to do?” McPhee asked.

“Let’s wait and see if my hunch is right,” Justy said. “Drew may have a strategy and is patient with seeing it through.”

“What do you think, Lance?” Brock asked. “Do you think Drew has a chance?”

“I always think he has a chance,” Lance replied. “That’s my general rule of thumb with Drew. But a salamence, especially in its mega form, is a beast of a pokémon.”

“Meaning what?” I asked.

“It’s tough to beat. Its nature, body design, and its power are a terrible trifecta. Few creatures can endure it. Rayquaza’s the only one I can picture.”

“Fuck,” I replied. “This’ll be a tight finish.”

“Agreed, Hǔ zǐ. But if anyone can defeat it, it’s Drew.”

Aurelian’s smirk disgusted me, but he’d taken until this point in the battle to find his confidence. Despite this, Drew remained calm and collected on his side of the battlefield.

Metagross shone with a white aura, signalizing its Rock Polish to raise its speed.

“Salamence, Flamethrower!”

Despite being in the air still, it launched a powerful flame attack, barreling toward Metagross. However, a blue-purple aura surrounded it, its Cosmic Power heightening its defense, allowing the fire attack to strike it but with less damage.

“Salamence, follow up with Draco Meteor!”

As it flew around the battlefield, it glowed with an orange aura before a giant meteor formed above the battlefield and fell toward Drew’s side of the field.

Still, Drew’s smirk didn’t relent, and Metagross charged toward it as it spun like a top, its Gyro Ball protecting it from harm and turning the meteor into a mess of flaming boulders. Then, a second later, its body glowed blue before it immobilized the remnants of it and the rubble left on the battlefield from the previous rounds and hurled it all in one solid, flaming rock formation and struck Salamence, delivered some super-effective damage.

The crowds cheered, and Aurelian scowled.

“Hyper Beam the twit!”

Salamence charged and fired its attack, with Metagross copying it, charging its own attack, both firing one after the other. When they met, there was a colossal explosion and smoke blanketing the field, taking several months for it to clear.

“What a matchup,” Director McPhee said. “Who’s left standing?”

When the smoke left, both pokémon remained floating, with minor damage taken from the onslaught.

“Double-Edge!”

It took off and sped toward Metagross, who charged toward it also with its Giga Impact attack, glowing a luminous yellow aura. They collided, sending both pokémon away from the other, with Salamence taking more damage than Metagross.

“Counter with Flamethrower!”

To our dismay, Salamence countered fast and sent its intense fire attack, striking Metagross during its recharge period, sending it back to the field. After it collided with the ground and the dust settled, we discovered it had knocked out Metagross.

“Metagross is unable to battle,” the official said. “The winner of this round is Salamence.”

The crowds cheered, still meager but showing some support for Aurelian. Drew’s smile remained as he moved and paid love to Metagross, stroking its head before calling it back.

“What a battle,” Director McPhee said. “Justy, are you excited?”

“You bet, Reinhold,” Justy replied. “Drew only has his last pokémon remaining, and we’re about to meet this mystery pokémon Drew’s said nothing about since this tournament began.”

The air felt solemn as Drew returned to his side of the field. His genuine smile remained, and his eyes welled with tears.

“What’s this?” Director McPhee asked. “Looks like Drew is emotional. What’s this about?”

Aurelian smirked. “Is the pressure getting to you? Ready to concede defeat?”

Drew wiped his eyes and shook his head, his smile still present. “My last teammate is so extraordinary to me. I didn’t expect to reach this point, but I can’t wait for everyone to welcome it to its first battle.”

“Its first battle? What are you getting at, prestupnik?”

“They’ve never battled with me,” Drew replied. “They dislike fighting, but they’ve served me as much as I’ve served them, and now the world will get to meet the creature who saved my life and gave me the life I’ve lived for the last 10 years.”

The entire crowd, and the MCs, said nothing as Drew took the last pokéball from his belt and kissed it, tears coating his cheeks.

“My friend, we’ve seen each other through many tough circumstances, and now I ask for your help one last time in teaching this brute what integrity means to us. May you enrapture the world as you have with me. Go!”

Drew threw it out, and it released, its energy forming into the creature we were all familiar with, watching as the light faded to reveal Latios. As soon as it appeared, the crowds roared with its approval, with the MCs and Aurelian all in shock.

“Unbelievable!” Director McPhee shouted. “Drew’s last pokémon is the rare and powerful latios, one of the most mystifying pokémon known to man.”

“This is remarkable,” Justy added. “What a powerful and unforgettable matchup. It’s anyone’s guess who will come out victorious.”

Drew moved to the field, where Latios nuzzled him, earning plenty of emotional reactions from the crowd. Aurelian remained speechless on his side of the field.

“Ready to fight?” Drew asked.

Latios nodded before it soared low enough to the ground so he could hop onto its back.

“Now, mega evolve!” Drew called. “Let’s finish this.”

It glowed white, its form grew fuller, and its body became bulkier and a more subdued shade of blue.

Aurelian seemed annoyed by the display, now entering the field as well.

“Two can play this game,” he replied. “Salamence, let’s fight head to head. Ready?”

Salamence soared to the ground and allowed him to climb aboard.

“This final round is between Salamence and Latios,” the official said. “May the best warrior prevail. Now, begin!”

“Salamence, Dragon Dance!”

Salamence glowed a brilliant blue and flew in circles, with its attack and speed increasing.

“Latios, Calm Mind!”

Latios glowed with a violet aura, bolstering its mental capabilities, as well as its attack and defense.

“Now, Salamence, Double-Edge!”

“Counter with Ice Beam!”

“Dodge at all costs!”

Salamence and Latios both flew around the battlefield, trying to best the other. Despite getting close, Salamence couldn’t reach Latios without being subjected to its double weakness. But Salamence was so swift that Latios couldn’t strike it with its own attack.

“Now!” Aurelian shouted again. “Double-Edge!”

“Counter with Zen Headbutt!” Drew replied.

Now was where everything came into play. Both pokémon flew at top speed and collided, sending the other back. Both attacks matched well against the other, with both sides taking damage, though I noticed Salamence had more damage showing on its body.

“Now, Latios,” Drew said. “Dragon Pulse!”

It charged a turquoise orb in its mouth before firing a massive beam toward it.

“Counter with Flamethrower!”

Both attacks collided and caused an explosion, with both pokémon flying in various directions to evade the crossfire.

“Finish this, Salamence!” Aurelian shouted. “Draco Meteor!”

It created another meteor in the sky before it barreled toward Latios.

“Psychic!”

As it broke apart into multiple pieces, Latios immobilized them and sent them back toward Aurelian.

“Hyper Beam!”

Salamence countered with its high-energy attack, firing back toward Latios’ redirected attack.

“Keep your Psychic strong, and follow up with Luster Purge at full power!”

Once Hyper Beam contacted Psychic, it combusted, with Psychic immobilizing it, allowing for Latios to fire a massive beam of pink light back toward Aurelian. All attacks collided, the flash of light growing stronger and expanding. Both Aurelian and Drew leapt out of harm’s way, flipping through the air back to the ground as the attack expanded, growing more intense as the explosion combusted and rocked the entire stadium.



Chapter 23



The Mixed Emotions of the Long-Fought Victory



“Holy shit, Misty!” I shouted to her over the crowd.

Terror and excitement filled our senses, as neither pokémon could’ve withstood that tremendous blast.

“This is it!” she shouted.

A hush fell over the crowd, and Misty and I sat on the edges of our seats as the stubborn smoke shrouding the battlefield into mystery refused to clear. After a few agonizing moments, it dissipated, and the light from the blast diminished. Once visibility returned to the battlefield, the entire crowd erupted into deafening shouts and cheers. Salamence had fainted and returned to its normal form. Latios was still levitating, albeit close to fainting itself.

He’d done it. Drew won the match, already on his knees, sobbing as he embraced Latios and loved on it. It took a minute for the crowds to hush before the referee spoke.

“Salamence is unable to battle!” the referee shouted, reverberating through the surrounding speakers. “The winners of this match are Latios and Drew Brown of Japan!”

The crowds erupted again into cheers. I stood on the platform in front of us and jumped, landing on the battlefield. The rest of our group wasn’t far behind us, but Espeon and Ninetales ran ahead of me to greet their master, being loved on and kissed on their foreheads. I ran as fast as my legs carried me toward my champion, dead set on embracing him.

Once he’d loved on Espeon and Ninetales, he stood and brought me into his arms, both of us in sobs and sniffles. It wasn’t long before the rest of the group, as well as the Indigo Elite Four and the Kanto and Johto Gym Leaders, gathered into a massive group hug. Cheers from the crowds refused to relent, but they receded once the Golden Aura entered the battlefield, followed by droves of reporters and cameramen lining the perimeter of the battlefield for the best footage.

I turned to Aurelian, red in the face and seething with suppressed rage over losing to his nemesis, the one he believed he deserved to defeat and strove to dominate throughout the entire tournament. As much as I wanted to jeer or tease him, my joy overshadowed everything. We wiped the tears from our eyes and waited for an eternity as the Golden Aura congregated on the field. Ping took the microphone offered by the referee.

“My, my, my,” he began, the crowds cheering him on. “Wow… this was the grandest battle we have ever seen.”

The crowds echoed his sentiments.

“Thank you both for your performances today. When we set out to organize this tournament, we harbored doubts about finding a warrior who exemplified our tenets. But, in my heart, I believed we would find the Chosen One to lead the Golden Aura into the 21st century and beyond. After witnessing a grand battle, there’s no doubt we have our Grand Master in our midst.”

Ping turned his attention to Drew’s opponent.

“Aurelian, you fought well. You proved today you are among the greatest Pokémon Masters of today’s generation. You should be proud of your performance, and you have made Russia and all of Europe proud.”

Then Ping turned to Drew.

“Drew, your victory in this battle speaks volumes. Your outstanding performance, stamina, and determination were sights to behold, so please accept our congratulations and thank-yous for blessing us with such a grand display of showmanship.”

They turned back to the crowds. This was it - the moment of truth.

“We have made our decision.”

Silence fell over the entire stadium as an official brought out a cushion to the battlefield. On it was not only the folded champion’s robe but also the champion’s crown placed on top, hidden under a piece of purple velvet with gold fringe. Anyone on the battlefield could hear a pin drop, a remarkable occurrence to behold with a thousand people present.

“From reviewing every battle and test presented and every conducted interview, we’re honored to bestow the ceremonial robe, the victor’s crown, the title of Grand Master, and a personal title onto our chosen warrior.”

I swallowed hard. Drew squeezed my hand tight, our nerves heightened as we waited for their decision. Fuck, if I couldn’t handle the suspense, I didn’t know how anyone else was. It felt like an eternity before Ping spoke again.

“Two pieces of wisdom come to mind as we crown them. The first is, ‘Virtue is not knowing but doing’. The second is, ‘One who smiles rather than rages is always the strongest.’”

Several of our friends gasped. When I looked at them, they pointed back at Ping. I returned my gaze and noticed his gaze shifted to Drew.

“Those proverbs came from ancient Japanese sages.”

Now I understood their reactions. I couldn’t believe my eyes, welling with tears as Drew shook beside me.

“Today, we make history. So let it be written, so let it be done. The Golden Aura’s new Grand Master-elect is Japan’s honorable soldier and warrior, Andrew Brown.”

Cheers erupted from the crowds, and our entire group jumped and rushed around our speechless and teary-eyed Drew. The opponent’s camp stamped their feet and cursed, being drowned out by the crowd before being escorted off the field by a tournament official.

After composing himself, Drew walked toward Ping, with Espeon and Ninetales behind him. As soon as he stood before him, he bowed low, with his companions doing the same. He then knelt on the ground, making eye contact and trying not to shake, tears falling from his eyes.

Ping approached Drew, his face amiable and humble, followed by the official holding the robe and crown. The other members kept solemn expressions, though I sensed they repressed their admiration, some of it peeking through their eyes.

“My child, your humility and unyielding fighter’s spirit earned yourself this victory. It’s our hope that you remember how much power you possess and instill the lessons you learned into your students.”

Drew nodded.

He took his scepter and held it in front of him.

“With the power entrusted by my brethren, I hereby summon you to tonight’s induction banquet, where we will induct you into the Golden Aura, denoting all honor, rights, and privileges,” he said, placing the scepter on his right shoulder before moving it to his left. “I also bestow onto you the title of Grand Master, a title you will hold for life in honor of your accomplishments and to uphold the society’s tenets as long as you live.”

The official removed the velvet sheet, revealing the custom crown awarded to Drew. It was a gorgeous coronation crown modeled out of 22-karat gold around a bronze velvet cap. The top held a small bronze and gold ornament resembling a pokéball adorned with an attached piece of their society’s flame logo, held above an arch connecting to the base with five arms, each carrying two white pearls and an emerald. The upper edge of the crown’s base alternated with structures resembling the Earth badge and smaller structures holding a purple pearl and a diamond, all fashioned into the shapes of pokéballs. They’d adorned the base of the crown with alternating gems of jade, lapis lazuli, and green and blue pearls.

While less intricate, the robe was as gorgeous with golden wool with an inner velvet lining with a contrasting bronze trim, sporting a bronze emblem on the back. The official placed the crown on Drew’s head and the robe around his shoulders.

“When you woke this morning, you were Andrew Brown, Kanto’s Indigo Champion and the Hero of Japan, but, today, with the approval of Japan’s governor and national government, we declare that you will forever be known as Andrew Heaston, the Humble Commander of Mind, Body, and Soul. A true master of all Golden Aura tenets. Huzzah!”

The entire stadium chanted back in response. “HUZZAH!”

“Thank you to everyone who joined us for today’s glorious match,” Ping concluded, “and we bid our honored guests adieu until tonight’s banquet. May you all be well.”

Snaps from the photographers collected in flurries, and individual members of the society came and bowed before him before embracing him. Afterward, they filed out of the stadium, leaving Drew to the crowds. Jeff approached him and whispered to him as reporters mobilized around us.

Drew nodded to him before he turned to us. “Jeff will help me field interviews while the tournament organizers get the banquet hall ready for the reception. You all can return to the hotel, and I’ll return as soon as I can.”

I embraced and held him tight, not wanting it to end, despite his having too much to do to hold on to me longer. “I’m so proud of you, Drew.”

Tears filled his eyes when we broke apart. He took my hands and squeezed them. “Jake… I wouldn’t have accomplished this without you.”

I smiled, trying to ignore the tears in my own eyes. I sensed so much emotion within him. Fuck, I wished we had more time. A chance for me to confess. I turned away, offering access to receiving congratulations from the rest of our group and shielding him from seeing how much this affected me. I walked through the hallway in the upper dome and wiped my eyes, with Misty trailing behind me. She caught me at the elevators, waiting behind the hoard of spectators taking turns leaving the stadium.

“That was crazy,” she said, shock still painting her face.

“It was,” I replied.

We waited in silence for a spot in the elevator.

“Did you doubt he’d win?”

I contemplated my response. As much as I wasn’t in the mood to chat, my best friend had supported me through my roller coaster of emotions.

“I didn’t doubt he’d win this tournament, but that battle was intense. Much more intense than any battle I could fight.”

“Yes. Drew was incredible.”

“He was,” I replied. “The best I’ve seen him, and now the entire world has borne witness to it.”

Fuck, I hated that he was on my mind again. The last thing I wanted was being reminded of the powerful, handsome warrior he’d become. My only goal was to endure the banquet with as little pain as possible.

“He achieved the impossible, something most trainers could never accomplish,” I continued, looking her in the eye.

“What do you mean?”

“Think about it. He was raised in a family-operated crime syndicate, and, through a thin window of opportunity, he escaped and helped the police extinguish them. The police wouldn’t have succeeded had it not been for his ingenious plan.”

She nodded. “I couldn’t agree more.”

“Then, during the adventure taken from us as children, he befriended and caught an unknown pokémon, and this was after he flew into survival mode to cure me of a fatal illness after it healed the brain tumor that almost overtook him.”

Misty nodded without speaking.

“Then, after reopening the Viridian Gym and starting a mentoring program with the Pokémon League, he enlisted with the G-Men, in which he helped dismantle Team Magma, Team Aqua, Team Galactic, Team Flare, Team Snagem, and Cipher.”

“Wow…” was all Misty said.

“By the time he received an honorable discharge, he’d already become Indigo Champion, and he joined the Viridian Police Department to serve and protect his community.”

She nodded, her cheeks having more color.

“He also reached the highest levels attainable within his fitness regimen and his telekinesis, and despite being told by his mentors that those disciplines must remain separate, he proved the world wrong by combining them.”

“Yeah, I don’t know of anyone who’s done that.”

“I agree. I’m sure there are others, but for the sake of argument, he’s one of few in history to accomplish it.”

“Incredible.”

“And by doing so, it in part helped him be eligible for this tournament, and he spent his time training by having all six of his mega evolved pokémon direct their attacks at him, forcing him to master his combined strength but also challenging his own team to be their best. And after obtaining his college diploma and feeling unfulfilled in his career, he competed as the youngest warrior in this historic, life-changing tournament, and he ignored the other warriors’ mistreatment and shit-talking. He not only impressed the crowds with his performances and the reporters with his humility, but he also used his full power to come out on top of every warrior in this tournament.”

Misty dabbed her eyes.

“Misty, he achieved the unbelievable…” Tears were in my eyes again. “I’m so fucking proud of him. But, yet, I’m still burdened with heartache.”

She put her arm around me. “I’m so sorry, Jake. But there’s still hope.”

I nodded.

The elevator returned, allowing us to board. The woman next to us smiled and turned her attention to us.

“I apologize for intruding, but I heard some of your conversation about Drew. You’re Jake, right? Drew’s best friend? I’m an independent journalist, and I wanted to inquire more about what you two were discussing, if you’re comfortable sharing.”

“Uh, sure,” I said. “I suppose.”

“Oh, thank you. You’re a lifesaver. The other reporters are hogging opportunities for the best stories, but I want a unique angle. Your analysis would make for a wonderful story.”

I wanted to refuse, but this was honoring Drew, and my feelings dictated I would. I sighed.

“Yeah, whatever you need.”

When we reached the lobby, I turned to Misty. “This won’t take long, so I’ll meet you at your suite when I’m finished.”

She smiled. “Have fun.”

I held back the urge to roll my eyes and returned my attention to the reporter.

“Where would you like to chat?”

“Let’s head to the media room. It should be empty.”

At least that sounded promising. I followed her through the lobby, weaving through crowds of people heading back to their suites or checking out of the hotel. The noise level encapsulated chaos as we waited, the buzz over the tournament’s ending and Drew’s victory echoing around us. We waited by the elevator until we could take it to the appropriate floor. We passed the floors the warriors stayed on and were near the top of the tower before the elevator stopped at the 44th floor.

“They’re hosting the banquet here, but the media room is further in this direction.”

She led me through the hallway and scanned a key for the door marked “Media Room.”

Inside was a small banquet hall converted into a media room for the reporters. Half the space held tables and chairs to conduct interviews. The other half held tables and shelves to store equipment, organized and compartmentalized with names of various reporters. There were few people in the space, either organizing their belongings or typing notes on their laptops.

My reporter moved to a nearby ice chest and pulled out two bottles of water and guided me to a table. We sat, and she handed a bottle to me.

“Thank you,” I said, taking it.

“It’s the least I can do, especially since you’re a major lifesaver with our hectic deadline.”

“I can’t imagine,” I said. “I don’t know how I can help, but I’m here.”

“Don’t even worry,” she said, taking a recording device and a notepad out of her purse. “We’ll start from what you and your friend were discussing earlier and see where our conversation goes.”

I repeated the entirety of what I told Misty, which led into more discussions of how we met, how our friendship blossomed during our adventure, how we kept our heads during his deployments when life was crazy, and how this tournament changed his life when he needed his destiny affirmed.

“Wow, what a remarkable story,” she said when I finished. “You know him better than anyone here. This story will thrill my editor. Thank you again for your help.”

I shook her hand. “Don’t mention it.”

“When it comes out, I’ll mail you a copy.”

“That’s sweet of you. Do you need anything else?”

“No, I’m good. I’ll see you at the banquet.”

I tried to smile. “You sure will.”

She put her belongings away, and as I stood, she looked at me.

“Last question for you, Jake - are you okay?”

I paused for a moment but nodded. “Yes, I will be. I’m just nervous.”

“About the reception?”

“...I guess you might say that.”

“For what it’s worth, I’m positive everything will go over well. Try to focus on that, and I hope your nerves disappear.”

“I’ll try my best,” I said, giving her a smile before I moved to the door.

“Best of luck, Jake!”

I waved to her and left the hall, tracing my steps back to the elevator, taking it to our floor, passing our suite, and moving through the hallway to the suite Misty shared with Sabrina. I knocked on the door before Misty let me in. Sabrina wasn’t present.

Misty was in her bathrobe and with her hair pinned. I sat on her bed as she sat at her vanity, deciding on what makeup to wear for the banquet.

“Is this what you’re wearing to the banquet?” I asked, pointing to the gorgeous sleeveless green satin gown hanging in the closet. “This brings back memories.”

She nodded, smiling. “Despite the occasion where I last wore it, I thought it was the best ensemble for Drew’s victory.”

I nodded. “No argument.”

“What are you wearing?”

“A black and white tuxedo with a custom bowtie. Light green with dark green edges.”

“Oh, that’s smart.”

We spent a while in silence. I zoned out as Misty applied her foundation. When I least expected it, she looked over at me.

“What’s wrong, Jake? There’s still something on your mind.”

“...Well… you know what it is.”

“What are your thoughts on it?” she said, continuing with her makeup.

“I’m not telling him.”

She stopped and looked at me. “Are you serious?”

I nodded.

“You’ve fought yourself this entire tournament, and you’ve wanted to tell him for years. What changed? When we were with him earlier, sparks flew between you.”

“I can’t tell him. We’ve come too far. If I’m wrong… I’ll fall apart. I love him, Misty… but I don’t think I’d survive his rejection.”

She rose and joined me on the bed, placing her hand on mine. Tears coated my cheeks, and I tried my hardest to keep my chest from heaving.

“Jake, honey… it’s okay to be scared. Don’t be afraid of how you’re feeling.”

I let my tears flow, trying to be strong while looking her in the eye.

“Aside from Drew, you’re the only person I look to when I need strength.”

“I am?”

“Of course. You’ve been through some awful ordeals, and yet you came out on top of everything designed to destroy you. I know you still feel the pain of your parents’ rejection and your stay in the hospital, but you’ve let nothing stop you.”

The tears continued to fall, my chest heaving some.

“Y-yes…” I replied, “but this is Drew we’re talking about.”

“Yeah, and why is he different?”

“There’s no guarantee he’ll reciprocate.”

“You’re right,” she said. “Nothing in life is a guarantee. Remember what you said earlier? There wasn’t a guarantee you’d be able to help Drew escape, and he had to endure multiple obstacles to do so. But you both still escaped.”

I nodded.

“You both embarked on an adventure and were stranded between land, sea, and time itself and almost died. He could’ve surrendered to the pain when it became unbearable, but his concern and love for you motivated him. He took the risk, and he not only overcame his illness, but he also nursed you back to life.”

My chest heaved, and tears flowed again.

“Drew ran to your aid when those thugs attacked you and put you in the hospital. He wouldn’t leave your side for anything, and he confronted and shamed your parents for how they abandoned you.”

My levees broke, and I released my pent-up emotion, with my head in between my knees.

“As a soldier, being deployed killed him inside, and you were the only person he wanted to see when he returned home. As a police officer, you met for lunch almost daily because he wanted to see you.”

I wiped my eyes, and Misty handed me a tissue box. I took four of them and blew my nose, tossing the monstrosity into the trash.

“Jake, I won’t think any less of you if you decide not to tell him. It’s your choice… but I agree with Lance. I think Drew has feelings for you.”

“Then why hasn’t he told me?”

“Well, it’s like what you’ve been experiencing. This might conflict him, too. You two have gotten so close, and it’s possible he felt he didn’t want to ruin what was between you. Plus, he’s endured the most intense tournament of his life. Maybe there wasn’t an ideal opportunity. Or he might’ve missed it if it was right in front of him.”

I nodded, thinking over what she’d said.

“Rejection is always a possibility. It’s the cost of love, Jake. I suffered rejection multiple times, but I understand now why nothing happened between Ash or between Drew, and you guided me back to Rudy. I don’t know what’s changed since the raid, but if you don’t tell him, you won’t know if he reciprocates. But I don’t see how he couldn’t love you. You’re wonderful, Jake, and he knows that. You would be perfect together… if only you’d both get over your stubbornness.”

I chuckled, wiping away my tears before hugging her.

“I love you,” I said, “and I’m so glad you’re my best friend.”

“Love you too, Jake,” she said. “You have tons of support here.”

“I appreciate it,” I replied. “I have some soul searching to do.”

“All right,” she said, returning to her vanity. “I’ll see you at the banquet.”

I left, and, rather than returning to my suite, I returned to the lobby and moved outside. The sun descended lower, almost twilight, with sunset still at least an hour away. I left the courtyard outside the tower and walked into the village. Some shops were still open.

I perused shop windows and watched people out shopping, trying to make sense of my thoughts. Was I ready to face my fears and tell Drew? Did Drew love me, too? I saw signs and thought it was a possibility. But I could’ve been biased. If Misty saw it, others might, too.

After enjoying the warmth and light breeze, I figured it was time to face my problem. I retraced my steps back to the tower and rode the elevator back to our floor, my heart pounding in my chest.

I followed the hallway to our door, took in a deep breath, and swiped my card, not realizing Drew had returned. No sooner had I entered, I was face to face with Drew’s ass.

“Oh, sorry, Jake,” he said, covering himself. “I didn’t realize you’d be back right this second.” He stood at the sink, shaving.

My thoughts left me. His body mesmerized me again. I struggled to put words together.

“N-no worries…” I replied. I sat on Drew’s bed, trying to think of anything other than him. “How were the interviews?”

“Oh, they were fine. Those reporters are so relentless. It took a lot to satisfy them.”

I looked back at him, his towel gone and his magnificent ass on display again, before turning away, searching for something to distract myself away from my hunger.

“I hear you. Sounds like you were a pot of honey to a swarm of combee.”

“Tell me about it. I finally escaped and had just enough time to shower. I ran into Sabrina and saw what she’s wearing for the banquet. Everyone will be dressed fancy tonight.”

I grabbed a nearby brochure of the Tower’s activities to keep myself from staring. I’d looked through it a thousand times already, but I hoped my ploy wasn’t obvious.

“Yeah, I saw the dress Misty picked out. Everything will be wonderful.”

“So what kept you after the tournament ended?”

“Oh, Misty and I had to wait for the elevator, and a reporter overheard our conversation and wanted to interview me for a profile of you. I answered her questions, visited Misty’s suite, and I spent some time in the village people-watching.”

“Sounds like you were busy,” he replied. “Did you enjoy browsing the shops?”

“Yeah, it’s a charming area.”

“They have some excellent shops there. Did anything catch your eye?”

“Nah, not really. Or at least nothing stuck with me. I guess I wasn’t there to shop.”

“So you needed a break?”

“Yeah… a time to think.”

“It helps. Good idea.”

There was silence. I focused on the brochure, reviewing their past events.

“Is there anything on your mind, Jake?”

I paused. I looked over at him, no longer naked. He was now in his black and white tuxedo, sans the blazer. His bowtie was like mine, but whereas most of mine was light green, most of his was dark green. The only adornment he had was his platinum champion ring on his right hand. He was checking his hair, but then he made eye contact with me, and the room stood still. My mouth was dry, and my heart rate rose.

“There is…”

Our eye contact didn’t break until I looked the other way.

“But… it’s all good. It’ll be fine.”

After some silence, Drew turned off the bathroom light and put on his shoes. He looked in the full-length mirror before he turned to me.

“How do I look?”

I looked up, and his beauty enraptured me again. The tailor had done a magnificent job of accentuating his best assets, so I saw no flaw. I feared I’d speak nothing but gibberish as I stood, straightening his bowtie and fixing a lock of his hair out of place.

I smiled. “The best I’ve seen you. You’ll be the most handsome one there.”

He smiled back. “Are you coming to the banquet?”

It was a fair question, as I wasn’t ready yet. I paused, unsure why I was hesitating. “Y-Yes, I…”

Why words failed me, I didn’t know. I couldn’t move past how handsome he looked, nor could I continue ignoring the important topic I’d cast aside multiple times.

“It would mean so much to me if you were there,” he said, sadness penetrating his demeanor, which broke my heart. He didn’t deserve it with everything he’d accomplished. “Tonight wouldn’t be complete without you there.”

Fuck, I had to tell him. This was exhausting, and it was my damn fault that it scared me to confess.

“Drew, you know I wouldn’t miss it. I just need to get ready.”

He smiled and brought me into a hug. His cologne filled my senses, and I wanted to melt into his embrace and remain there forever. It left me exhilarated and lost for words again. Our eye contact remained connected as he broke away.

“Please do,” he said before he grabbed his crown and robe and moved to the door. “I’d hate for you to miss out.”

My heartbeat rose. My chance was right there. I had to salvage it.

“Drew?”

But I was too late. He hadn’t heard me, and a second later, the door clicked shut. My heart sank, and I slumped onto my bed.

You’re a fucking idiot, Jake. Why couldn’t you say those three simple words?

My pokégear pinged. Whoever it was, I wasn’t interested in chatting. I took it from my neck and tossed it onto the bedside table. I slumped back and buried my head under a pillow.

My eyes were closed, and I recalled all the memories we’d made since we met, many of which I’d discussed with Misty and the reporter. Drew’s body, his embrace, and his spirit wouldn’t leave my mind.

Maybe this was it, and I wasn’t capable of telling him. We’d return home and deal with his awkward tension until I moved on with my life. I’d learn to be okay with how everything was between us. Was Drew worth this anxiety?

I rose in haste. Stupid me - of course he was! I needed to tell him, but I couldn’t attend the banquet looking like a slob.

I checked my pokégear, the message being from Jackie and Bobby.

Appa, we saw the news! We’re so proud of Drew! Have you told him yet?

I typed back, Heading to the banquet to confess my feelings. Wish me luck.



Chapter 24



The Naked Truth within the Banquet



I hopped out of my clothes and into the shower, scrubbing my body with haste. Thinking I’d heard someone knock on our door, I rinsed and dried off like my life depended on it, having zero time to react. My pokégear pinged again after I started shaving, ignoring it before finishing my face and putting on my tuxedo. Once I combed my hair and donned my championship belt and pokéballs, I ran out the door and caught my breath at the elevator. With my pokégear continuing to ping, I turned it off and rode the elevator to the earlier floor from where my interview took place. I followed the other guests traveling to the same place.

The ballroom’s size astounded me, as it was the most monumental space we’d been in yet. There must’ve been at least 50 tables present, each seating eight guests and spaced with comfort in the center of the ballroom, with an aisle cutting through the middle. The tables were surrounded, with the stage connecting to the end of the aisle, followed by the dancefloor in clockwise fashion, then the musicians area, the bar, the dessert bar, the buffet line, a photo booth, and a gift/guest book area. The organizers dressed the tables with pale and dark green tablecloths, all honoring the Viridian Gym, and centerpieces held yellow chrysanthemums or cherry blossoms inside gold or bronze vases.

Classical music bathed the space, which buzzed with conversation from the humongous space packed with guests, accompanied by plenty of pokémon for any passionate fanatic. At the opposite end of the ballroom, left of the stage, was a table reserved for us, where Brock, Sabrina, Saundra, and Ken sat. I didn’t see Misty or Lance anywhere, and Drew was chatting with Dustin at another table. Other tables had people I recognized.

Dustin stood in front of a table reserved for the Japanese division of the Pokémon League, as well as Governor Lee, his bodyguard, and his personal assistant, and Mayor Takahashi from Viridian City. Other tables held the other Kanto Gym Leaders, a table with Professor Oak, Professor Birch, and others I hadn’t met yet, Johto and Hoenn’s Gym leaders, the Elite Four and other regional champions, several tables of both American and Japanese reporters, and a whole gaggle of others I didn’t recognize.

Waiters walked around with trays of champagne flutes and plates of hors d’oeuvres. I took a flute and made a beeline for Drew. Waiting any longer to confess would kill me.

“Jake!”

I heard Misty’s voice in the background, but I continued toward Drew. My heart pounded as I edged closer. He’d finished chatting with Dustin, and when I reached him, his smile illuminated the area, as well as my heart.

“Jake, you made it,” he said, “and you look incredible.”

I tried not to blush. “Drew, there’s something I need to tell you.”

“Sure, Jake. What is it?”

“I’m lost on how to approach this, so I’ll just spit it out. Drew, I-”

“I hate to interrupt you, gentlemen,” Director McPhee said after approaching us, “but they’re ready to begin.”

“All right, thank you,” Drew said to him before turning back to me. “I’m so sorry, Jake.”

He followed a tournament official somewhere while I moved to our table and sat next to Saundra, who wore a lovely gold dress with a dark green shawl. Everyone at the table, with Sabrina’s dark green dress and aventurine necklace, Mr. Douglas’ gold shirt, and Brock’s bronze shirt, dressed the part well. I owed many thanks for Jeff’s expert coordination. They all smiled when I joined them.

“Jake, you look incredible,” Saundra said to me.

“Not as incredible as you,” I replied. “Your dress is gorgeous.”

“Thank you! Jeff has great taste.”

I smiled at them before I downed my flute and tried to ignore my disappointment.

Misty rushed over to her chair, right across from me, her expression exasperated and annoyed. I mouthed “I’m sorry” to her as Director McPhee brought us to attention. Lance also came out of nowhere, looking frazzled and eyeing me also with urgency and annoyance, before he sat, handsome in a dark green shirt and trousers. The stage housed a golden chair and 11huge cushions behind it, and yet Drew and his pokémon were nowhere to be found.

“Thank you all so much for joining us on what I expect to be a wonderful evening,” Director McPhee said. “Please take your seats. I’ll start by giving the microphone over to the Golden Aura’s outgoing leader to swear in their new Grand Master. If you all will please rise.”

Everyone stood out of respect as Ping left his table and approached the microphone.

“Thank you all so very much. Please remain standing. It’s our pleasure to offer our honored guests a new introduction to our new Grand Master, on what will now be a day in history and an exceptional birthday celebration, and induct him as the newest member of the Golden Aura. Please give your warmest applause for Gallade, Blaziken, Lucario, Garchomp, Metagross, Latios, Espeon, Ninetales, Dragonite, Tyranitar, Pidgeot, and your champion - the one, the only... Andrew Heaston, the Humble Commander of Mind, Body, and Soul!”

Victory music emerged from the orchestra, and everyone erupted into cheers and applause as Drew’s victorious party of six entered the space, with Gallade leading the pack, followed by Blaziken, Lucario, Garchomp, Metagross, and Latios. Each wore a miniature crown reminiscent of the original. Following behind them were Drew’s four companions and his newest team member, with Espeon leading the way, followed then by Ninetales, Dragonite, Tyranitar, and Pidgeot. They all took their spots on the cushions around his chair.

Last of all, Drew re-entered the ballroom, wearing his robe and crown, his smile as dazzling as it ever was. The crowds cheered and applauded, shouting positive affirmations and whistling to honor their friend and colleague as he strolled the aisle. It brought tears to our eyes. He strolled to the end of the aisle, kneeling in front of the stage before Ping.

“This young man surprised us all. After we discovered him, it intrigued us what he made of his newfound freedom. As we tracked his accomplishments, it was obvious there was more to him than met the eye. Through our own investigation, we were certain he would be a formidable contender. As our youngest warrior, there was a great deal stacked against him, but as you all know, he’s no stranger to tackling challenges and overcoming adversity. He gave us the biggest performance of his career, all while maintaining a love for his community, respect for all warriors, and a humility for others and pokémon. It is my pleasure to induct you into our family.”

He took the microphone with him and held his scepter in his dominant hand.

“Grand Master Drew, you have fought well and earned your place here. Do you solemnly swear to uphold the tenets of the Golden Aura and your allegiance to everything noble so humans and pokémon may unlock their true potential and live in harmony forever?”

“I do.”

“Then,” he replied, tapping him on both shoulders, “I hereby welcome you into the family and ask that you take your rightful place here in this chair.”

Drew stood and joined him onstage and sat in the golden chair, with Ninetales to his right and Espeon to his left. I hoped Saundra and I could find the pictures everyone snapped, as it was a sight deserving to be immortalized.

“I present to you our newest inductee into the Golden Aura, Grand Master Andrew Heaston, the Humble Commander of Mind, Body, and Soul. HUZZAH!”

“HUZZAH!” we shouted back in response.

“Please accept our congratulations, Your Excellence,” he said before he returned the microphone back to Director McPhee. “Now, let the festivities continue.”

“Thank you, Your Excellences, and welcome, Master Drew, and happy birthday! Can you believe your guests traveled thousands of miles to be here for the greatest birthday celebration of your life?”

The tables erupted into cheers again, eliciting a grin from Drew.

“We’ll turn over the microphone to anyone who’d like to congratulate our Grand Master, but before I do, our guests are dying to know how you’ll be using your prize money… as well as anything else you’d like to add.”

He walked over to him, bowed, and offered him the microphone.

“Thank you so much, Master Ping and my new brethren, for your gifts and hospitality. I don’t think I could ever thank you enough for this opportunity. And, to our guests, your traveling all this way to celebrate with me tonight leaves me touched.”

We cheered again, and he peered at all of us and locked eyes with me before he continued.

“I’ve been hearing rumors already, and I’m shocked at the lack of loyalty here tonight. For those of you who cast bets with Lance on how long it’s going to take for me to cry, you should’ve saved your money because my tears are already welling.”

Laughter erupted among the tables, including Drew. For this formal occasion, we needed some humor to break through the enormity of it all.

“Thank you for humoring me. First, like Director McPhee said, I’m overjoyed to announce how I’ll be using my brethren’s generous prize. I’m sorry to disappoint those of you who think you’re psychic, but there are no plans to earmark it for dancing lessons, more tattoos, or a giant playhouse for Ninetales and Espeon.”

Everyone howled, the noise heartier than last time.

“Not to say they aren’t wonderful ideas, but they weren’t what I had in mind. On the contrary, I’ll be donating most of the money to various cities around Kanto, especially Viridian City.”

The crowd applauded and cheered, with Drew smiling as he waited for the reception to quell before he continued. It overcame the mayor with joy and shock.

“I will propose my plan for this money in formal plans to city councils around our prefecture as soon as I return to Viridian City. My intent is to donate to our businesses to help them rebuild or expand as well as make improvements to any structures needing repair to boost our city’s beauty for tourism. I’ll donate part of it to our police force to boost their resources. I will donate some to charities and immediate needs of our most marginalized communities. The rest of it, however, would take the Trainer Resource Center and the Viridian Gym’s mentoring program as starting points and create an entire institute around learning. This would allow people to come and learn more about pokémon training and breeding, fitness training and martial arts, telekinesis, human nutrition, medicine, spirituality, alcohol and drug rehabilitation, counseling, and extensions for several of our top universities. This would allow the Pokémon League, our government, and charities and non-profit organizations to collaborate and bolster our communities, increase tourism to Kanto, and empower the next generation of Pokémon masters and young professionals.”

The crowds cheered, the energy crazier than before, a sign of its approval of Drew’s generosity.

“To Dustin and Mayor Takahashi, I can’t wait to get started once we’re home and settled, and I’m grateful to know so many qualified professionals to solicit in this new venture.”

The crowd cheered, which made us smile. What a wonderful idea to foster and create a stronger community. If that was even possible. His community already rallied behind him.

“But I’m serious,” he continued. “Thank you all.”

This would be more emotional, as he’d mentioned.

“Words fail me at how grateful and fortunate I am sitting before you. It’s so difficult to believe that 10 years ago I escaped from Team Rocket and began rebuilding my life, and it was with a modest amount of support and love from my community. I didn’t know if I could persevere, or even how my community would receive me. Disentangling myself from a criminal identity while managing my mental health was a challenge. But my friends and family uplifted me, and everyone rallied around me. Since then, I’ve had many wonderful experiences within my Kantonian community, and it’s been a pleasure serving in various capacities and becoming more acquainted. I love my life now, and having the best physical and mental health allows me to give more back. Now, to see all of you here in support, celebrating this momentous occasion with me… I’m humbled.”

Tears coated his cheeks.

“It gives me hope for the future and what we can build, so thank you for your faith in me, and I will continue to do all I can to support and repay all of you for your kindness. From the bottom of my heart, I wouldn’t have persevered or made it here without your support.”

The crowds cheered, offering a standing ovation to our champion.

“You’re the man, Drew!” I yelled, receiving many responses in agreement from all directions of the crowd.

He wiped the tears from his eyes and continued. “Before I offer the microphone to you, there’s one last announcement I’d like to make. As of today, I’m retiring from competitive battling.”

The gasp from the crowd was unnerving. None of us had expected that revelation, and many of us were whispering to our tablemates. I grabbed another flute of champagne from a nearby waiter.

“When I was young, I dreamt of being a pokémon trainer and hoped I’d one day be able to become a Gym Leader. Despite my involvement with Team Rocket, I still fulfilled my dream. But trauma affects us in so many ways, one of which can change the course our lives take. One day, we might have a specific dream, and after recovering from a traumatic event, we realize our dream has changed. It’s unnerving, but I cherish every memory I have of being a Gym Leader and Indigo Champion. Despite my successes, my career as a competitive trainer is over. I won’t say I’ll never battle again, but I won’t do so for any competitive gain, and this offers the next champion or new trainer their opportunity to attain it. My dream now is to build community in Kanto and beyond, and my happiness now lies in starting this institute, in settling down with a family and home of my own, and seeing what else fate has planned for me.”

The crowd talked among themselves as he finished.

Now was my chance. I downed my flute fast, and before anyone stood, I made my way to the stage. I ignored my nerves and hoped the alcohol would relax me. Once I was onstage, Drew’s smile warmed my spirit, though my nerves grew louder. Fuck, I hoped I could speak and not choke, vomit, or get an erection from looking at him.

He handed me the microphone, and I turned to address the crowd as well as him. I took a deep breath, trying to keep myself calm. But I couldn’t believe I was doing this… in front of 250 people. I must’ve been crazy... but I knew who I was crazy about, and it didn’t seem crazy when I put everything in perspective.

“D-Drew… I-I want to t-thank you… for everything.”

Shit, my eyes were full of tears already, but I didn’t care. If they fell, they fell. Running this long left me exhausted, and I was set on facing my fear, regardless of if I shook. Love made us do crazy things.

“I first saw you across a bustling cafeteria, and instantly I was drawn to you. Despite not knowing what it was then, it led to us carrying out missions together and later escaping from Team Rocket. Neither of us expected that my asking to be your protégé would lead to us becoming best friends, and the bond between us only grew stronger through hardships and plenty of adventures. You showed me there was still hope of becoming the trainer I wanted to be, you saved my life on two separate occasions, and you became my family when mine abandoned me. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. You were my rock when I needed a foundation.”

Drew’s eyes were full of tears as well, making it much more challenging to keep my composure.

“I don’t know how I could thank you for everything you do. For our community, but also for me. You’ve made us so proud, and I’m blessed to be your friend and your protégé.”

I closed my eyes and took another deep breath. This was it. I opened my eyes to find Drew standing in front of me. I looked into his eyes and lost myself in them, granting myself the permission to say the words I couldn’t utter this entire trip.

“Andrew Heaston, I love you,” I said, prompting shocks and cheers from the crowd. “For the last seven years, I couldn’t bear to say it, risk losing your friendship, and enduring that rejection… but I can’t lie to you or to myself anymore. I couldn’t tell you in Hawaii or outside the Ivy Resort… but now I’m ready to stand here, naked to the entire world, and say I’m madly in love with you.”

The crowds cheered, and my composure broke, caught in Drew’s open arms. Just being held while the crowd lost their minds felt healing. I wasn’t afraid anymore. Whatever happened next, I could handle it.

When our embrace broke apart, I looked into his eyes, full of new tears I wiped away. He accepted the microphone and continued to look at me.

Drew was near choked up. “I don’t think I can get through this part…” He then turned his attention to our table. “I’m looking at you, Lance!”

The crowds laughed and cheered, with Lance giving him a devilish smirk. He took several deep breaths and returned his gaze to me.

“Jake, we have a lot in common. I wouldn’t be here without you either. When we met, I was dead on the inside...”

His chest heaved, and it took all his strength to not lose his composure while mine continued to crumble.

“I’d already resigned myself to remaining in Team Rocket as its prisoner, but you gave me hope to see new possibilities for my future. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have escaped. Because of you, I became the trainer I wanted to be. You gave me the adventure I’d dreamt of and desperately needed. You gave me a best friend I could count on when I needed support. Jake, I owe you my life. Without you, I wouldn’t have made it here. I can’t thank you enough, but I intend to try...”

He brought me into his arms and embraced me, eliciting a lot of emotion from the crowd. This moment alone could’ve satisfied me. We broke apart, and he looked over toward Dustin and gave him a thumbs-up. Dustin returned the gesture. He turned back to me and smiled.

“On behalf of the Pokémon League, I’d like to announce that leadership has reached a decision. After much review, and plenty of nagging, I hereby bestow the leadership of the Viridian Gym to its new rightful leader. Please give me a warm round of applause to the new leader of the Viridian Gym, Jake Adams!”

The crowds cheered and stood on their feet, and the flashes from the reporters’ cameras flashed like lightning around me. Tears flooded my eyes again as Drew pinned a magnetic Earth badge with gold plating, a symbol of one’s status at formal events, to my lapel. I couldn’t believe it. My time at Pokémon Tech, my struggles with my confidence, the lack of family support, and my training made this moment worth it all. Our entire table beamed with pride, and my Kanto colleagues were vocal about their happiness over the news. I wiped away my tears and looked back at Drew.

“There’s one more thing,” Drew said.

Sensing an indirect cue, the crowd’s cheering and ruckus receded. He took my hands in his.

“Jake, I also want to say this. I’ve known about your feelings for a while already, and trust me when I say it was so challenging to keep that knowledge a secret.”

The revelation mortified me. How long had he known?

“Given my past, my biggest fear was hurting you or not being there for you when you needed me. I couldn’t live with myself if I hurt you… especially after everything you’ve endured already.”

Tears flooded his eyes, but he continued.

“I also didn’t want to ruin our friendship, but I’m ready to face my truth as well, and this was something I didn’t have the courage to tell you before I deployed to the United States. Jake... I’m in love with you too.”

The crowd’s shocked reaction only ignited my own.

“I’ve known it for several years but was too stubborn to act, and I couldn’t find the right time during our trip. I fucking love you, Jake. More than anyone on this planet. I want you to be mine and nobody else’s, and I don’t want to spend another night alone.”

The crowds erupted once again into cheers, shouts, and whistling as Drew brought me into another embrace, both of us now free, weeping and heaving. No more hiding. No more coyness or tension. As our embrace broke, a shout from in front caught our attention.

“OH, FOR GOODNESS’ SAKE, JUST KISS ALREADY!” Misty shouted from our table.

The entire crowd broke out in laughter. It was such a cathartic reaction, exactly what we needed.

“Finally,” Drew said before he looked at me and leaned in, our lips meeting. His arms wrapped around me as the crowd cheered, unrelenting until we broke apart.

I couldn’t look him in the eye without tearing. With my challenge completed, I kissed him on the forehead, bowed before him, and left the stage and returned to our table, being passed around for hugs by our friends before I took my seat.

“All right,” Drew said after composing himself. “I’m turning the microphone over to you now, but I swear, you troublemakers, there better not be any funny business.”

The crowd howled.

“I mean it, you know me. I’ll be a blubbering mess by the time we’re served dinner if you do anything close to what my gorgeous angel did. So please be gentle… lest I come find you when we get home. I don’t need my pokémon to kick your ass.”

I couldn’t help blushing as the crowds laughed. An immense weight was now off my shoulders. Misty beamed at me, and I grinned at her and returned my attention to Drew.

Lance rose, and Drew wasted no time in catching the vibe he gave off.

“I swear, Lancelot, I’m warning you.”

Lance laughed, as did those of us familiar with their bond.

“I’ll match your pokémon with mine - don’t try me.”

“Relax, you,” he said before Drew handed him the microphone. “Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of our champion’s entourage, we’re honored you came here to celebrate with us tonight.”

Drew’s eyes rolled before his face fell into his palm, preparing himself for whatever Lance had up his sleeve.

“Because of you, Drew is the man he is today. And it’s also why tonight I’m much richer. You weren’t in on the plan, Jake, but thank you for the help!”

I groaned, and the rest of the crowd laughed, Drew still eyeing him.

“Watch it, Blackthorn. Trust me, I have dirt on you, too.”

I chuckled. Only between best friends could you witness this banter.

“But, in all seriousness, folks, Drew deserves everything he’s being honored for tonight. He’s one hell of a trainer, Gym Leader, Champion, soldier, but, most importantly, a loyal friend and brother, and may tonight be the start of our celebration of his accomplishments and friendship.”

Lance returned the microphone as everyone clapped and cheered, wrapping his arms around his friend. He whispered something to him before leaving the stage.

“Love you, too, brother. And for those of you without lined pockets, drinks are on Lance tonight.”

The audience howled, getting another devilish grin from Lance.

Next was Brock, who made his way to the stage.

“Fuck,” Drew said under his breath. He was already in tears, and he buried his head in his hands.

Brock stepped onto the stage, took the microphone, and brought Drew to his feet and into a hug, eliciting an intense emotional reaction from the crowd.

“This is love, my friends,” he said to us. “I haven’t even said anything yet.”

He rubbed his back as Drew sobbed. It took considerable strength for Brock not to crumble in the same manner.

“That’s why we’re here, and I’m so proud of Drew for what he’s accomplished. From the day we met, when he became the Viridian Gym leader, even under false pretenses, his genuine love for pokémon impressed his colleagues, and he wanted nothing more than to support his trainers. Something about him was remarkable, even without knowing him well. You can imagine my shock when this brilliant newcomer turned out to be second-in-command of an organization plaguing our community that we wanted to destroy. Before we could process our shock, he led the mission to eradicate all traces of them from our community, and as a member of his team, I saw firsthand his strength and leadership capabilities, and at the end of that day, we’d destroyed Team Rocket.”

The audience cheered and clapped with gusto.

“...From that point on, our friendship was rock-solid.”

The crowd howled. We had to credit him for such a well-timed pun. It took more than a fast second for the crowd to recoil.

“He created the life he desired, and he became an even greater leader, offering his time and resources to any of us who struggled or didn’t have enough to stay operational. He rose in prominence in our community and became Indigo Champion while also serving in the military. Those of us who loved him grew to love him more. Those wary individuals, lest they remain unnamed, soon came to see the gift he was to our community.”

More applause came, with Lt. Surge blushing, and Drew wasn’t heaving anymore, still hidden within Brock’s embrace.

“We’re here tonight to honor this man’s accomplishments and take meaning from his example for our own lives. To new trainers, I’m certain he’d tell them these truths: you can do whatever you set your mind to. Genetics don’t determine your fate. Nothing, not even your demons, can withstand your inner strength. Failure isn’t the end of your journey. Hard work serves the willing. Family isn’t blood alone, but friends and your community will be there to support you. And, more importantly, love for pokémon and your fellow human beings brings people together and heals the divides separating us. To Drew, my dear friend, I wish you all the blessings life gives to you for everything you’ve given to us.”

The crowd concurred in agreement. He gave Drew a squeeze before Drew released him, wiping his eyes and returning to his seat. Brock handed him the microphone before leaving the stage and returning to our table.

“Y’all are killing me,” he said. “I love you all so much, but you’re giving Lance too much fodder.”

Lance laughed. “Love you, Drew!”

The audience responded with its own affirmations.

I looked over at Saundra.

“Are you saying anything?”

She looked at her husband. “We should wait.”

“Agreed,” he replied. “He’s already emotional with the spotlight and everyone’s kind words.”

“He’ll be emotional, regardless,” Lance said. “Drew’s more in touch with his emotions than most men. Don’t worry - he’ll be fine.”

“Totally biased of you, you weasel,” I shot back, chuckling.

The devilish grin was back. “What can I say, Hǔ zǐ? It’s good being rich.”

We all laughed.

“Well, let’s make it brief,” Saundra said before she and her husband stood.

As soon as Drew saw them, his eyes welled again.

“Lance, did you persuade them?” he asked.

“No, Xiǎodì, they love you.”

Drew tried not to break again, but he couldn’t resist the love of his parents.

Saundra took the microphone. “I’ll keep this brief, but I knew from a young age Drew would make a name for himself. It wasn’t in the way either of us planned, but he’s shown over the last 10 years he’s exceptional, and I’m not saying that because I’m his mom. Honey, you inspire me every day, and I love you with all my heart.”

Drew cried, and his mother embraced him after handing the microphone to her husband.

“I won’t ever forget the night Drew turned himself into Saffron PD and first presented his desire to destroy his father’s organization. Truth be told, he won me and my officers over, and he was the mastermind of Team Rocket’s extinction. Not only that, he suffered terrible atrocities at his father’s hand, and yet he rebuilt his life from nothing.”

Then, without warning, Mr. Douglas was emotional. I hadn’t seen him act this way during the brief time I’d known him, and it only intensified Drew’s emotions.

“...Best of all, he became a second son to me. Sniff... after losing my family as a young police officer... and if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have met my wife. Sniff... your mother and I love you to the moon and back, Drew.”

Now, it was his turn for a paternal embrace. He melted into his embrace and brought his mother in for a group hug. The crowd responded, emotions high after seeing such a touching display of the love between them.

They left the stage, giving the microphone back to Drew.

“Y’all are such a blessing, but you’re killing me.”

The crowd chuckled, and Bruno and Koga from the Elite Four were next to approach the stage. I hoped this gave Drew some relief.

“To echo what Sgt. Douglas and Brock said, I was blessed in getting to know Drew,” Koga said. “As part of the mission that fateful day, it was a sight to behold. What was more heroic was witnessing the battle against his father, in which he was victorious, despite losing three of his companions. Well, two, since Ninetales is present.”

“Even after he dealt with the aftermath,” Bruno added, “he became a dedicated martial arts student under Chuck and I, and we couldn’t be prouder of his accomplishments, from his own goals to his military and law enforcement service and now achieving what nobody in history has achieved. Congratulations, Drew.”

They returned the microphone, and before we knew it, Sabrina was on stage, accepting the microphone.

“I’m not skilled at making speeches, so I’ll keep this brief. As Drew’s telekinesis mentor, I did everything possible to keep him from being successful.”

The crowd gasped.

“I put obstacles in his way. Nobody can learn telekinesis - you’re either born with it or you’re not. If he was serious about his studies, I wasn’t about to make any lesson easy. Needless to say, he passed every test in front of him, so I raised the stakes. I told him martial arts and telekinesis don’t belong together, and I told his martial arts mentors to do the same. But, in true Drew fashion, his determination to prove me wrong led him to combining them into a power that makes me stand in awe.”

Misty and I chuckled, considering she was stoic most of the time. Still, her words held a lot of meaning.

“Congratulations, Drew. You have earned my respect, and I bow to you, my master. From now on, I am your student.”

She bowed to him and left the stage, leaving the crowd speechless.

There were more people who came to offer their congratulations, from Gym Leaders who apologized for their initial thoughts of him in the beginning to other esteemed guests, like the Indigo Elite Four, Governor Lee showing his admiration of Drew’s character and bravery, Viridian City’s mayor for his dedicated involvement with city life, Professors Oak and Birch for his contributions to Pokémon history and research, Dustin for his showmanship and love for mentoring, and many others.

At last, when everyone was ready to move on and fill our stomachs, Director McPhee returned to the stage.

“Thank you to all of you for your candor. Dinner is now served, so the waiters will dismiss you one table at a time, so please enjoy yourselves.”

The background music resumed, and Director McPhee dismissed the Golden Aura’s tables first, allowing the elders to be first in line. Drew exited the stage and returned to our group, being passed around for hugs and exchanging private words with everyone.

Brock and Lance shuffled to the bar while Misty came to my side and embraced me.

“Jake!” she exclaimed, beaming at me. “I was scurrying around with Lance trying to find you.”

“You were?”

“Yes! We found out about Drew’s feelings, and we wanted to alert you before the ceremony. But, regardless, you confessed, and everything’s out.”

“I’m so sorry,” I replied, smiling and eyes welling again. “I’d powered off my pokégear and wanted to find him and tell him, as I couldn’t hold back any longer. My telling him is all thanks to your love and support. So thank you, Misty… for everything.”

“I’m so happy for you,” she said, tears in her eyes as well. “You both deserve to enjoy yourselves tonight. And what I wanted came true. My wish was for you to find your happiness like I did. Now we have so much to celebrate.”

“That we do. Drew and I will salvage tonight, and once we’re home, we’ll help you put together your dream wedding.”

She blushed. “I can’t wait. How much longer do you think it’ll be before we’re on the dance floor?”

I chuckled. “It won’t be long - a few drinks will liven everyone, and I’m ready to party.”

Misty laughed. “That’s the spirit.”

We hugged again before I saw Drew was free, having removed his crown and robe, and he brought me into a romantic embrace, kissed me, and held me tight.

“I can’t wait to spend more time with you,” he said.

“Ditto,” I replied. “I just want to celebrate everything we’ve accomplished tonight. And... I have so many questions.”

He chuckled. “Well, you have my full and undivided attention. While we wait for dinner, let’s schmooze, and I’ll introduce you to our guests.”

I schmoozed at Drew’s side, getting reacquainted with our Kanto and Johto colleagues, our hands clasped and his making no intent to hide his affection for me. It was the purest thing I’d experienced, and when we were encountering our Hoenn colleagues, he turned to me.

“I’m sure one of your questions was my ex, right?”

It shocked me he’d mentioned it, but I nodded.

“Only if you feel comfortable sharing,” I replied. “Are they here?”

“They are.”

He guided me over to a distinctive group of people, triggering my confusion. I’d seen Flannery beforehand on the opposite side of the ballroom. Seeing him embrace Norman sent my brain offline.

“Good to see you, handsome,” Norman said. “Congratulations and happy birthday.”

Drew blushed, with me at his side. But what would’ve been awkward wasn’t, as he still directed his body language toward me and nobody else.

“I’m so glad you made it,” Drew said, “and I figured I’d hidden the truth from my better half for too long.”

Norman chuckled and held out his hand. “Good to see you again, Jake. I hope this didn’t shock you.”

“Still in shock, if I’m being honest,” I said, shaking it. “I wouldn’t have pictured you two together, especially when we’d spent so much time with your family.”

He smiled. “Neither of us thought it would happen, but that summer left a huge impression on my heart. When we ran into each other after he deployed, sparks flew, unbeknownst to both of us. We built a wonderful connection, but it was only for a season, but I’m nothing but grateful for it.”

“Same here,” Drew said. “Regardless of what happened, you played a major part in my healing, and I won't be able to thank you enough.”

Norman smiled. “Don’t mention it, Drew. I’m so elated that everything’s out in the open, and you two can finally be together.”

“So you knew?” I asked Norman.

He smiled. “I did. When I visited Drew at his apartment, one reason we didn’t reconnect was because he was sexually frustrated and pining over you and too in his head about the repercussions of giving into his feelings.”

“And what about your wife and family?”

“We reached a rough spot, and we’re still separated. I still love her, but I also can’t deny my same-sex attractions, so we’re working through it.”

“Well, I wish you the best of luck,” I said, hugging him.

“Much appreciated, Jake,” Norman replied, reciprocating but whispering to me. “And give the birthday boy the best lovemaking tonight.”

I chuckled. “You’ve got no arguments from me.”

We moved around the space, schmoozing with our esteemed guests (and made a point to remember their names and their titles), and they were all thrilled to meet me and had such loving dispositions. We met and spoke to representatives from Sinnoh, Fiore, Almia, Oblivia, Pasio, Ransei, and Ferrum. It fascinated me to learn more about our country, and it stoked the wanderlust Drew and I discovered years ago. We also spoke to the reporters present, who asked me about my hopes and plans for the gym (I had none, since I was still processing all the news), as well as reconnecting with the reporter I interviewed with earlier.

By the time we’d met everyone there (with the exception of Jeff, who was hounded by many of our guests for his role in Drew’s victory), Drew and I moved through the buffet line and brought full plates of brisket, potatoes, and roasted vegetables back to our table, where laughter and conversation ensnared our group. We enjoyed ourselves and our food, plenty of romance still burning between us.

“I can’t believe we’re here,” I said.

“I thought I’d lose my mind if it hadn’t gotten out into the open,” Drew replied. “If you hadn’t confessed, I would’ve brought you onstage and done it.”

“You’re serious?”

He nodded, chuckling. “Shows how stubborn we both are.”

“You’re telling me. Our comrades must have major patience to suffer through the two of us.”

He grinned before cuddling closer to me. “I can’t wait until we can be alone. Are you nervous?”

“A little. But I’m much too excited to care.”

He smiled. “Me too. I’ve dreamt of tonight for so long.”

It still surprised me how weird reality seemed, but I had no desire to complain.

“And, in case it’s relevant, the last time my doctor tested me I was negative on everything.”

He smiled. “Same here, so you have nothing to worry about.”

A tournament official came over and gave a message in his ear.

“Thank you,” he told them before he turned to me. “I need to attend to something, but I’ll be back soon.”

He kissed me before he left the ballroom.

Seeing as how the dance floor hadn’t opened yet, I moved to the bar and ordered an Old Fashioned, leaving a bill with the bartender to reserve one for Drew. With drink in hand, I spoke to the other Kanto and Johto Gym Leaders in attendance regarding their excitement in collaborating and how deserving I was of the title because of my hard work. Once Drew returned, he mingled with the guests, making eye contact with me multiple times. The yearning between us grew the more we socialized with the others.

When the dance floor opened, I was the first guest out there, showing everyone some choice moves. The rest of our friends joined, and soon it was an ocean of people gliding across the floor. When I loosened and zoned out to the DJ’s beats, Drew made his way onto the dance floor, taking no time for him to return to my side. I focused on him as my hips swayed to the beat.

As the songs changed, I felt him behind me, our bodies touching, so I swayed and ground myself against him in light, sensual, and provocative movements without those around us sensing it.

“I know what you’re doing, you naughty stud,” he whispered in my ear, “and if you continue this, I’m taking you somewhere private and finishing it.”

I smirked, and as the song progressed, I added more sensual movements to my dancing and ground against him harder at random intervals. He groaned in my ear, and I felt his arousal from our contact.

He wrapped his arms around me as we swayed, kissing me on the cheek before nibbling on my ear, which aroused me.

“If you keep doing this, I won’t be able to keep my hands off you.”

I chuckled under my breath. “Nobody’s asking you to, so what can I do to honor you, Your Excellence?”

“Escape with me,” he said in a bare whisper. “Let me make love to you somewhere private.”

The idea raised my heart rate and exacerbated my arousal.

“Lead the way,” I whispered.



Chapter 25



The Intimacy of True Love



Taking my hand, he led me off the dance floor, through the aisle, and out of the ballroom. Once we reached the elevator, he pressed me against the wall and laid an unexpected, passionate kiss on me. He held me with our arms over my head, our fingers interlocking together as his tongue found mine. I lost all sense of time as I kissed back, no longer interested in restraining myself and wanting to savor every bit of him.

When the elevator door opened, we rushed in, and he kissed me again, holding me with his right arm and using his left hand to guide my right hand to his crotch, where a massive object yearned to be set free.

I broke for air. “Holy shit, Drew. What are you packing in there?”

“A gun, licensed only for you, and it’s firing tonight,” he said before kissing me again.

I moaned and grabbed onto it, drawing the same reaction out of him before his mouth found mine again.

“But I don’t know if I can wait, so I’ll have to make love to you here,” he said, undoing my bowtie and unbuttoning my shirt.

However, my search and seizure ceased when the elevator stopped. When we left the cab, we were on the 50th floor. It had taken us to the top of the tower.

“Drew, our suite isn’t on this floor.”

“It is now. They changed our reservations and put us in one of their penthouse suites for the rest of our trip.”

“They did?!”

He grinned. “Plenty of space for lovemaking.”

We flew to the end of the hall, and Drew used a key to open a spacious penthouse suite. The large living and dining rooms were lit by candlelight, candles following my eye on every surface as they led me to a standard-sized kitchen, all with crisp, clean white tones, and a fire crackled and glowed from a majestic fireplace. Wrapped gifts sat on the coffee table, along with a bottle of champagne and a vase of three dozen red and white roses. The patio doors leading onto the terrace offered the most breathtaking view of the city lights and the surrounding desert.

But, before I could process any further, Drew grabbed and carried me into the bedroom, where there were dozens of lit candles on the nightstands and dresser and more flowers, giving the delicate and regal space an ambiance of reserved innocence, unbridled romance, and a passionate warmth. The bed was downy and luxurious as I landed on my back. Drew climbed on top of me, his ravenous mouth on mine as he made fast work of my blazer and shirt, kissing my bare skin as they fell to the ground.

He sucked on my tongue as he ground against me, our flesh grinding into each other and his cologne perfuming the surrounding air.

“Jake…” he growled in my ear. “I’ve dreamt so many nights of making passionate love to you, and I’m enjoying every satisfying moment of this.”

I moaned and kissed him back, squeezing his ass and bringing him closer. “Take me, Your Excellence. I’m all yours.”

He gave me one last kiss, teasing me with his tongue before he nibbled on my ear again and blew on it, sending shivers all over my body. He kissed down my neck and teased my nips, alternating between flicking them with his tongue and sucking on them.

It had been so long since I’d trusted anyone at this vulnerable point without heartache or anxiety. Sex with others hadn’t satisfied me. Being this vulnerable had terrified me in the past, and yet I felt safe when I was with Drew, having full access to me. I trusted him with everything, and all I wanted was for him to ravage me.

Drew’s work on my chest had aroused me, and he continued with vigor. I couldn’t keep my moans contained before he stopped to undo my zipper and yanked my pants and briefs off in one swift motion, leaving no imagination to the naked eye. He’d seen me naked as a prepubescent teenager. So much was different now, and my adult body had grown and matured. Much more toned and more proportional, shaped with diligent exercise and growth from some quality genetics.

Drew stopped and observed the sight before him, smiling.

“Fuck, Jake, you’re so gorgeous. I’m the luckiest guy in the world. I love you.”

Tears formed behind my eyes, returning his smile. “I love you too, and I don’t know how we waited so long. Your beauty has entranced me for years. I’m the lucky one.”

He grinned. “Well, it’s all yours now, my angel. And since today was my best birthday yet, I’m making this the night of your life.”

Tears fell from my eyes at his words. Because we knew each other so well, I believed him. I didn’t fear what happened next.

“Sweetheart, what’s wrong?” he asked, bending down to kiss my tears away.

“...I never thought I’d trust someone so much. Being intimate with anyone else hasn’t felt genuine… but, when I look at you, I’m home. I don’t worry about your intentions… so I hope this shows how much I love you, Drew.”

Tears were in his eyes also, but he bent down to kiss me again and wrapped his arms around me. He broke away and looked me in the eye.

“I won’t let anyone or anything hurt you,” he said. “Whatever happens in life, Jake, I’ll be by your side. I’ll protect you and love every part of you as long as I’m living. And I’ll force nothing on you. Say the word, and I won’t argue.”

“...Thank you,” I said, more tears coming.

He wrapped his arms around me again and held me tight. “I owe my life to you, Jake, and I give everything I receive in life to you.”

“Ditto,” I said before my arms wrapped around him and kissed him on the cheek.

His mouth found mine, and a few simple kisses brought us back to the passion we’d had a moment ago.

“What do you want me to do next?” he asked.

“Lose the pants,” I said, smirking.

“As you wish,” he said before he hopped off the bed and unzipped his pants, yanking them from his thighs so he could step out of them. His gray briefs highlighted his frame and package well, and I wasn’t sure if it was the lighting, but it looked like he had a huge wet spot.

He crawled back onto the bed and kissed me, and my hand felt around and confirmed it was indeed a growing, warm wet spot.

“Is somebody turned on?” I asked.

He giggled. “Severely… especially with a hot, young yeobo in my presence.”

He kissed me down my neck and chest again before he reached my abdomen, kissing each of my abs before he took my flesh in his hands and massaged it.

“Mm, Drew,” I purred. “You’ve had some practice.”

“And it’s all for you now.”

He bent and took me into his mouth, paying careful attention to what pleasured me and alternating between teasing and taking me deeper. The pleasure reverberated through my body as his mouth pleasured me. His hands tweaked my nips and massaged me while he looked at me with longing in his eyes. He brought me closer to that peak of ecstasy, but I didn’t want it all to end here.

“I’m close,” I told him in the middle of a moan, “but I’d rather wait to explode on you until later.”

“We don’t want to set off the fireworks too early,” he said, crawling up to kiss me. “You have presents to open, so why don’t you pick the one you want to open first?”

I smirked at him and switched places so that he laid back and I sat in front of him. “Oh, there’s no doubt which one I’ll choose.”

 I grabbed the waistband of his briefs and pulled, with Drew lifting his ass off the bed to help. They slid off, leaving nothing to hide his beauty from me any longer. I could’ve admired this view all night.

“Like what you see?” he asked.

I smiled. “Of course... and then some. We’re well past our days in Hoenn, aren’t we?”

He smiled. “Yeah, that trip was so fun and unique. I was in a much different mental space, and you haven’t seen me aroused.”

“That’s for damn sure. The arbok between your legs needs a license.”

He chuckled. “Oh, I doubt that. You don’t need one to ride.”

I laughed again. “Well played, so I suppose I should get you polished.”

The devilish look returned. “All right then. Go to town, stud.”

Like him, I pleasured him with my hand, seeing the pleasure on his face. After pulling his skin back, I took him into my mouth and pumped to a steady rhythm, enjoying the experience like I’d dreamt of for so long. Hearing Drew moan was music to my ears, so I navigated him toward his climax, which took some time. His hands had migrated to my head, helping guide me to where it drove him crazy. After a while, he brought me back and kissed me, cradling me in his arms.

“Are you ready?” he asked me.

I nodded, smiling. “What would you like me to do?”

“Trade places with me, and I’ll take it from there.”

I obeyed and switched, on all fours. He placed his hands on my hips and raised me so my knees were bent, and he parted my cheeks and teased me with his tongue. I relaxed into the mattress, letting him partake as much and for as long as he desired, as the pleasure sent me closer to the edge. I didn’t censor my enjoyment, so after a while he stopped and turned me onto my back.

“Fuck, I love your ass,” he said, “and you relaxed fast.”

He brought me into a hug before we flipped places. Now I was on top of him.

He retrieved the lubricant from the nightstand and applied some to both of us.

“We’ll take this nice and slow,” he said. “Hurting you will hurt me.”

I smiled. “I want this, and I don’t care if it hurts because I love you, Drew. You’re worth all the pain and pleasure.”

He positioned me in a sitting position on him, and with some minor pressure, I adjusted to his presence, but Drew’s patience reassured me. He looked at me with loving eyes as whatever discomfort I experienced faded fast.

“I never imagined we’d be doing this, Jake,” he told me, “but I’m so thrilled we’re together.”

I smiled. “Ditto, handsome. Now, I want you to pound me.”

He chuckled. “As you wish.”

He kept his hands on my waist as he thrusted under me, keeping it slow to adjust to the rhythm, but the moaning between us showed him I wasn’t in any discomfort. He quickened the pace, and sweat appeared on our bodies as he gave me the royal pounding I desired.

“Oh, fuck, Drew!” I panted. “Keep it up.”

“I love you, Jake,” he replied. “Fuck, you feel so good.”

“I love you too, Your Excellence. Give it all to me. Breed me, please.”

“You got it.”

His speed quickened more, and I stroked myself as we enjoyed this ride and neared closer to our climaxes. It took us a few moments, but our lips reconnected as we worked through the buildup.

“Fuck, Jake, I’m close!” he said, panting, sweat glistening on his face.

“Me too. I won’t last much longer.”

“Where do you want it?”

“Wherever you’d like, handsome.”

He smiled. “Well, this is only round one, so…”

He pulled out of me, and as I inched myself closer, he shot his load all over my ass with a loud moan. The sensation and his voice brought me to my peak, throwing my head back and releasing a large load on his chest.

He pulled me into a kiss and threw his arms around me, our tongues meeting again and teasing each other before we broke for air.

“What a perfect ending,” he said, looking at me.

I smiled back. “It’s been incredible.”

“And we can make love as often as we want.”

I grinned. “Something tells me you’re super excited about that.”

“With your sexy body, hell yes.”

“Right back at you.”

He grabbed a hand towel stashed on the nightstand and used it to clean our mess. I laid against him, nestling into his arms.

“Was it everything you wanted?”

“Of course,” I replied. “It was well worth the wait.”

We laid together for a while, cuddling together and enjoying the glow of the candles.

“So when is round two?” I asked.

He chuckled. “Somebody’s eager tonight.”

“Well, duh. We’ve only waited years for this.”

“That we did. How about we celebrate before we return to bed?”

“Sure, what did you have in mind?”

He grinned. “Plenty.”

We both sat upright, and Drew stood and retrieved two white terrycloth robes from the bathroom. We donned them before he led me by the hand into the living room. Drew uncorked the champagne and poured some in a glass and handed one to me before pouring himself one.

“So what kinds of celebration did you have planned?”

“A few things,” he said, smiling and presenting his glass, “but, to start, cheers to a wonderful future together.”

“Cheers,” I replied, before we clinked glasses and took a sip.

He set his glass on the coffee table, took a gift in a medium-sized box, and handed it to me.

“What’s this?”

“Something you’d look adorable in, so I had to surprise you.”

I opened the box, and I gasped when I removed the tissue paper, revealing a stunning pearl-colored övik V-neck sweater.

“Ohmygoodness, Drew, it’s gorgeous,” I replied, holding it to my chest.

“They didn’t have red like I wanted,” he said, “but I couldn’t take my eyes off it, and it reminded me of you since I had so much trouble keeping my eyes off you during this whole tournament.”

Shit, everything he said tonight was touching. I leaned in and kissed him. “Thank you, Drew. I love it just the way it is.”

“Wonderful... because I’m not done yet.”

“You’ve been busy,” I replied.

He grinned. “And this is only the beginning.”

Next, he handed me a smaller box, his smile still plastered on his face but shedding no light on his motives. I opened the box, and inside were a pair of princess-cut diamond earrings.

“Drew… fuck.”

I held them to the light, their unmistakable sparkle undeniable. “Drew, these can’t be real…”

“Oh, can’t they?”

I gasped. “You didn’t.”

“I did. Figured both of us deserved some bling in our wardrobe.”

I didn’t own diamonds. Fuck, how did he score them? I had no clue, but man was he romantic.

“Thank you, sweetheart,” I said, kissing him again. “I don’t know what to say. This was so thoughtful.”

He helped me put them in.

“You’re welcome, angel, but you have one more box to open.”

“Drew, you’re spoiling me.”

“Spoiling, honoring - it’s a toss-up.”

The last box felt significant. It couldn’t be earrings again after the last gift. What was Drew scheming?

I opened the lid, and inside the box was a ring box. I looked at him. His eye contact with me didn’t break. “Drew, you didn’t…”

He continued to look at me, a tender smile on his face. “Open it, sweetheart.”

I turned back to this box and held my breath as I opened it. Expecting to see a ring, relief and surprise washed over me, finding a monogram silver “A” pendant with an embedded diamond staring at me.

“I have one also, but with a ‘J’,” he said as he helped put it on me. “This serves as a reminder of my promise to always love and protect you.”

“That was so thoughtful of you,” I said before I snuggled against him, kissing him. “Thank you, Drew.”

“You’ve given me so much,” he replied, “so this was my way of saying I adore you.”

Our lips met again and didn’t break for a while. It contented me staying this way, as I didn’t want this splendid evening to end, especially with the direction it was heading.

He looked at me, admiring his gifts on me. “I didn’t think you could look more appealing… but I was wrong.”

I blushed. “Speaking of gifts, I have something for you, too.”

He seemed surprised. “So you were sneaky too, I see.”

“Maybe so,” I replied, rising and retrieving his gifts from my suitcase before resuming my place on the couch.

I took the gift containing his coat first and handed it to him, earning a smile.

“I wasn’t worth the trouble,” he said.

“No,” I replied. “Nobody’s saying that. Don’t be humble. You are, you sexy stud. You deserve it.”

He blushed and opened the package, holding his breath and his eyes sparkling when he opened it.

“Jake, it’s outstanding. This was so unexpected, but I love it. Thank you.” He kissed me. “I can’t wait to wear it.”

“You’re welcome, stud, and it’s my undoing,” I said, chuckling. “You’ll be even more fetching in my eyes.”

He laughed. “Guess it makes you a glutton for punishment.”

“If you’re the punishment, then I’ll be naughtier…” I flashed him a devilish grin. “But, before that, you have one more gift to open.”

He took the gift box containing his watch and held it, sensing this gift would be more sentimental. “I can already tell I’m gonna cry when I open this.”

“It wouldn’t surprise me,” I said, chuckling.

He opened the box, and he gasped. He took it in his hands and marveled at it. “Jake, it’s gorgeous,” he said, his eyes wide and looking at me. “This must have cost a fortune.”

I smiled. “Not exactly. I snagged a wonderful deal. Look at the back.”

He turned it over and read the engraving with the light of the fire.

To my champion, I owe you my life. All my love, Jake.

The tears returned, and the warmth of his smile rivaled that of the fireplace. He pulled me over to him and kissed me and hugged me tight.

“Thank you, my angel. This was so thoughtful of you.”

“You’re welcome, handsome.”

I helped put it on his wrist, and after admiring it again in the firelight, he brought me into another kiss and held me as I kissed back.

When it broke, he said, “Well, our pokémon should celebrate with us, too, right?”

“Of course,” I said.

We returned to our bedroom and retrieved our pokéballs from our pants and let our team roam. Drew shuffled into the kitchen and pulled a cake out of the refrigerator.

“Since we left early, the kitchen already provided us with our own cake, and plenty of plates for our team to enjoy.”

“They thought of everything,” I said.

“And you say I’m spoiling you? I’m spoiled rotten.”

I chuckled. “No arguments here.”

I helped Drew pass out cake to our pokémon, and they ate with cheerful spirits while Drew and I enjoyed our own pieces and our champagne. Drew cuddled with Espeon and Ninetales while Mightyena’s head was in my lap and Arcanine and Manectric were at our feet, panting and tails wagging as they enjoyed the warmth of the fire. We sat there for a while, holding hands, grateful to relax and spend time together alone. No masks or hiding - just us. This time was peaceful, with nothing else happening around us.

“I still find it hard to believe,” I said. “For seven years, I didn’t think I’d ever be with you. Nothing any of us saw confirmed you’d be interested in me.”

Drew smiled. “Ten years ago, I wouldn’t have either… so I don’t blame you for being surprised.”

“Well, given your past, none of us thought you’d date… and then when I found those letters, that idea left.”

He chuckled. “My past was difficult to move past, Jake. After our adventure, my healing took off, and while dating wasn’t on my radar, I began unpacking my abuse and excruciating memories and let them go. And, trust me, I was just as surprised with making love to Norman in what I thought was an innocent reunion when my deployment began.”

“What happened?”

“I ran into him in Petalburg City, and he invited me to train with him while I was there. During a workout, some physical contact from him aroused me, and I couldn’t hide it. When he caught wind of it, he made a move, just as attracted but concerned about the implications, and it set off a passionate, addictive romance until we couldn’t maintain the distance or secrecy any longer.”

“Wow…”

“And, mind you, Jake, I’d had no attraction to men until that point. I only ever thought I was asexual, especially considering the sexual abuse Team Rocket put me through. But Norman showed me what being in love in a healthy relationship, granted a secret and forbidden one, felt like.”

“Which fits what you’ve said about him helping you heal and remove your abuse from real intimacy.”

He nodded. “And once I was undercover, the first experience with Norman allowed me to use my burgeoning sexuality to my advantage when the leader of Team Aqua took an interest in me.”

“Wait, you mean-”

Drew nodded again. “I was one of Archie’s lovers, and it allowed me to explore my sexuality more, but its main purpose was to stay close to him to keep tabs on Team Aqua’s ambitions.”

“That’s insane,” I replied.

“And I had to keep it a secret from Lance. He’d shared he’d done the same with Tabitha, one of Magma’s executives, but he didn’t know I was as close to Archie as I was.”

“Wow… and the whole time you and Norman were apart? Was he jealous?”

He nodded. “Aside from our reunion, once we quelled Kyogre and Groudon, we communicated in secret, and that alone was tough because our concern was blowing my cover or outing him as an adulterer. But he wasn’t jealous - he knew I had no interest in Archie aside from what my mission required, as I only had eyes for him.”

“That’s understandable. Were Norman and Archie the only men you’ve been with, considering how your identity emerged by surprise?”

He shook his head. “I’ve only been with three people. The only other person was a young man named Alain in France. It was a release of tension for us after completing a stressful mission. Though, in hindsight, I wasn’t attracted to him because I liked him, per se. I missed you incredibly during the entire trip, and he reminded me so much of you.”

“He did?”

He smiled. “Alain was courageous, intelligent, kind, and determined to be the best trainer he could.”

I nestled back into his arms again. “So… given all those experiences, how would you describe your identity?”

“That’s a tough question,” he replied. “When several LGBT outlets interviewed me this week, I didn’t tell them I was gay. With my background, trusting others is difficult… but both Norman and Alain helped me see I wasn’t asexual. Because of my trauma, I identify as demisexual because I only feel attraction to those with whom I have strong bonds.”

I smiled. “That’s fitting.”

He kissed me on the forehead. “And you, my angel, are the only person on this planet I trust 100 percent, so it should’ve been obvious destiny chose you to be the love of my life.”

I blushed. “Consider me flattered.”

He chuckled. “What about you? The only person I’ve ever known you being connected to was that Ren fellow, and that was short-lived.”

Our conversation had taken an awkward turn, but there wasn’t any reason to withhold anything.

“Well…”

“Don’t worry, Jake,” he replied. “I already know about you and Lance.”

“Fuck, he told you?”

“Not in so many words. I figured there was something between you two, and I pulled it out of him and gave him major shit for getting so close to you.”

“I’d hoped you wouldn’t have discovered that,” I said, blushing. “I was ashamed it happened at all, but I hadn’t recovered from Lance flashing me. The chemistry between us had me so hot and bothered. Plus, since I missed you so much, in a moment of weakness, I accepted his proposal for some NSA fun.”

“I wasn’t mad,” he replied. “My older brother is a devil, and a handsome one at that, but I was more concerned about your well-being and him not messing with you during your recovery.”

“That wasn’t the case. When it happened, he was a reassuring presence that felt comfortable to me, but he was also the older, naughty, forbidden friend with sex appeal who wanted to cross lines. Like you and Alain, he was the closest person to you and experienced enough to give me what I thought I wanted, but it ended with me breaking down over how in love I was with you.”

He smiled. “It makes sense. So was there anyone else?”

I shook my head. “I’ve had hookups when I was a go-go dancer, but it seems like I was trying to fill the void I hoped you’d someday fill.”

His arms remained around me, and the comfort of his embrace relaxed me. “Well, you don’t have to worry. I don’t intend on doing anything other than making you the happiest stud on this planet, and we’ll fill our home with nothing but love.”

We enjoyed the silence more, the space toasty from the fire and our embrace.

Our pokémon took turns falling asleep until everyone was asleep but us. Soon, Drew and I shared a smoldering gaze, reading each other’s mind.

“Round two?” he asked.

I grinned. “You know it.”

We placed our pokémon back where they were and snuck into our bedroom, spending the rest of the night in ecstasy and collapsing together in our bed.




Chapter 26



The Divine Blessings within a Crazy, Beautiful Life



The next few days flew by fast. The hotel had upgraded our companions with penthouse suites also, allowing us all to share in our enjoyment of the rooftop terrace. Drew facilitated multiple meetings to construct a global plan for recruiting the new group of lords and ladies for the Golden Aura. Aside from mealtimes and humping like lopunny each night, we didn’t see him. This gave our group a chance to sightsee along with Jeff, who was staying in Phoenix for a couple of extra days. The craziest experience yet was being interviewed alongside Drew, Lance, Jeff, and Brock, as the journalist was writing a profile and had us dressed in speedos, with Brock in one sporting the ally flag, Lance the bisexual flag, Drew the demisexual flag, and me and Jeff the rainbow flag. Despite how busy he was, Drew was a productive leader who was present at mealtimes and doted on me every moment we were intimate. We were due to fly home, and while this magical trip transformed our lives, I looked forward to being home.

My eyes fluttered open as sunlight peeked through the drawn shades the morning we were due to leave. Blurred colors came into focus. The last thing I remembered was closing my eyes with Drew’s arms wrapped around me. With no anxiety and plenty of lovemaking, I felt much more rested.

I peered over at my champion, still sound asleep next to me. His expression was of only innocence and rest from an exhausting tournament. There was no pain to be found. The relief over everything made him happier and uninhibited. Watching him slumber was so peaceful, his breath light and hot on my skin, and the taut muscles on his chest with an emerging patch of chest hair seldom moved. He laid on his side, facing me, with his left arm lying around my pillow, with his watch hugging his wrist.

Drew had fought his hardest, and it all paid off. He was now the greatest Pokémon Master of our generation, and with it came the honor of our country and a fitting title to his name to serve out the next chapters of our lives. As I thought about everything, it amazed me how far we’d come. It seemed like it was only yesterday we were both completing missions together in Team Rocket, and since then we both found freedom, became trainers, bonded as friends, saw each other through terrible ordeals, celebrated each others’ successes, and now he was my best friend and the love of my life. Now we were our authentic selves. Nothing was unknown any longer, and the best part was forever spending life with the man I loved. There was nothing else I needed.

I turned over and checked Drew’s watch. I didn’t want us to be late for our flight. We were meeting our group for breakfast in the dining hall before boarding our shuttle back to the airport. To my relief, we still had two hours until our shuttle arrived, which gave us plenty of time to enjoy our morning, pack, and shower before breakfast.

I shifted my weight to sit upright. Espeon, Ninetales, Arcanine, Manectric, and Mightyena were still asleep, laying on their backs and basking in a ray of sunshine peeking out of the curtains and cast a luminous glow on the carpet. I stood and peered into the living room. Our other pokémon were asleep also, sitting or laying in various places. My heart warmed over by gratitude for our cherished companions throughout our journey.

Despite all the calmness in the space, my bladder refused to be. I crept toward the powder room. But, before I reached it, one of our pokégears on the coffee table rang. I grabbed it, and silenced it in haste. Some of our pokémon started stirring.

“Go back to sleep, guys,” I whispered when I saw eyes open. “Sorry.”

I’d grabbed Drew’s pokégear, and the caller ID showed it was Silver. What did he want? I holed myself in the powder room before I answered the call.

“Hello?”

“Hey, brother. How goes it?”

“This is Jake. Drew’s still asleep.”

“I knew that, Manuke. Who do you think I was calling to speak to?”

“You called his device, Yarô. Besides, why would you want to talk to me?”

“Don’t be so defensive,” he shot back, chuckling. “I heard all the wonderful news about him becoming Grand Master, so I wanted you to give him a message for me.”

“Okay....?”

“Tell him I’m super proud of him and love him.”

“Is that all?”

“Boy, I thought you’d be much happier this morning.”

“Well, I am. It may not seem like it, but I don’t have to explain anything to you.”

He chuckled. “You’re in rare form, Jake. I would’ve thought after this trip, you’d loosen up. Guess you must not have gotten laid… or did you?”

My entire body became clammy. “...I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

He snickered. “Sounds like you did. Please spare me the details. I don’t need firsthand information on how awesome my brother is in bed. But, to answer your question, no, that’s not all.”

“Wait, what? How did you know?”

“Some truths aren’t difficult to figure out,” he replied. “Drew’s tough to read, but I’m familiar with how his mind works. It’s the trouble of having a fucked-up family.”

“I don’t understand.”

“You’re transparent, Manuke, and you were bound to tell him how you felt, eventually. And, knowing that Drew would never become more trusting of others, he’d have a natural affection for you, as he’s shown favor to you and protected you. I sensed it, but I didn’t know if anything would happen. Sounds like it did. So… I’m happy for you both.”

The words I’d prepared vanished. “That’s… s-so k-kind of you…”

“Why are you so speechless?”

“Well, it’s j-just… you’re not one to offer compliments. There’s been very few since we met.”

Despite the distance, the same smirk I sensed made me groan.

“Have you ever realized why that is?”

“Can’t say I have.”

“Jake, if I praised and coddled you, do you think you would’ve hated me enough to train harder, enough so the Pokémon League would name you Viridian City’s new Gym Leader?”

I hadn’t considered that.

“I didn’t coddle you because fate knew you were the stronger trainer.”

“That’s not true!” I exclaimed. Some habits died hard. “I’m still below you. You’ve had so much more experience.”

“But that’s where you’re wrong, Jake. You care about your pokémon, and you learned from the best. I’m still a work in progress after inheriting some of our father’s dreadful habits, but multiple well-meaning people humbled me, including my brother.”

I didn’t know how to respond. His sudden transparency surprised me. To my relief, I didn’t detect a pause, as he continued.

“Drew groomed you to be privy to not only training and pokémon care but also gym maintenance and running a household.”

“Yeah, because you didn’t! I picked up the slack when duties weren’t completed, and all you did was battle. Well, if you weren’t avoiding responsibility by holing yourself up in your suite.”

He chuckled. “I can’t deny being a Gym Leader hasn’t appealed to me. The battles, yes. I love a good battle. But I wasn’t passionate about the rest of the job. You’ve excelled at it, and I’m glad if the Pokémon League awarded the job to anyone, it was you.”

“Well… thank you, Silver. I don’t know what to say.”

“Don’t let my words go soft on you. You might be my brother now, but I’m not going easy on you. I intend on beating your ass at pokémon any chance I get.”

I chuckled. “That’s fair, and you’d be out of character if you didn’t.”

“So please accept my sincerest congratulations to you both. And take care of my brother. I don’t have any doubt you would hurt him, but trust me when I say I will lay some serious pain on you if anything to the contrary happens.”

“You won’t have to worry,” I replied. “I’d do anything for him.”

“Okay, you’re grossing me out now. I don’t need details.”

“Oh, stop. I don’t plan on telling you anything about how your brother and I made love multiple times these last few nights.”

He retched on the other line. “Don’t make me sick.”

I chuckled. “It’s all out of love. We’re leaving today to fly back, and we’ll be back tomorrow. Will you be home?”

“Nah, I’m getting out of town.”

“Why’s that?”

“Can’t help it,” he replied. “I’m a nomad. I can’t remain sedentary for long without going stir crazy. Who knows, I might travel to Europe like Drew did and study mega evolution. But I’ll be back to visit… eventually.”

“Well, we’ll miss you. Best of luck on your trip.”

“You don’t need to lie, Jake,” he said, the same smirk coming through the phone.

“Well, we can be friends someday, right?”

“...Sure,” he said, the first he’d sounded uncertain as to how to respond. “...Anyway, I won’t need luck. I’ve always survived and provided for myself. Safe travels, you disgusting homos.”

He ended the call with a snicker.

I set Drew’s pokégear on the counter with a sigh and returned to my business, but his words made me smile. It was nice seeing the softer side I seldom saw, but I was kicking his ass the next time I saw him.

I finished and washed my hands before returning the pokégear to the coffee table. Once I powered on my pokégear, it barraged me with messages from Jackie, Bobby, Wally, and Mahri about Drew and me being together and congratulations from my parents for Drew’s victory. I set it back and peered at Drew. Since we needed to be awake soon, I moseyed into the kitchen and turned on our coffeemaker before returning to our bedroom.

Drew was still asleep, so I crept back to bed to enjoy some of our morning before we started our day. No sooner had I sat, I felt hands grab me and pull me closer into an embrace. After a second of being taken by surprise, Drew’s arms and legs wrapped around me.

One second we were both giggling, and then as soon as our lips met, the passionate flame between us reignited. After repositioning ourselves, my legs wrapped around his waist as our mouths searched the other’s, his arms restraining my arms on the bed and our flesh pressed against each other.

After a few moments of it, we broke apart for air, and he grinned at me.

“Good morning, gorgeous,” I said.

“Good morning, my angel,” he replied. “It’s such a shame we have to leave this morning since I could make love to you all day.”

I blushed, his eyes sparkling. 

“It’s a shame we can’t stay longer,” I replied, “but leaving means we can resume this at home. Well, after working some elements out.”

“That’s a non-issue,” he said. “You’re living with me, end of story.”

I chuckled. “Are you serious? In your tiny apartment?”

“Of course,” he said, grinning. “I’m ready to make my home with you, even if we have to transfer... but I’m not ready to be home yet. I want to make love to the man I love first before we leave.”

He lowered himself for another kiss and kissed each part of my face before moving along my neck and chest. With my arms no longer restrained, my hand reached for and latched onto his flesh.

“Holy shit, Drew,” I said. “Do you always leak this much?”

His dripping pooled into a puddle on my skin, yielding a smirk. “I’m afraid so. I’m like a fountain, and it doesn’t help that I have a gorgeous man in front of me.”

“How did I not notice?”

“I kept it well hidden,” he said, “but no longer. Now it’s all yours.”

“Then let’s fuck while we can before we get ready.”

He grinned. “As you wish, my prince.”

After coming back for another slow kiss, he used his dominant hand to rub our flesh together, his skin acting like a warm sleeve and generating tremendous pleasure from both of us. With his other arm, he brought it around and cradled me as our tongues fought with passion, his hand edging us closer to release. The waves of pleasure built with intensity, our hungers still fighting against being quenched. Our stamina had grown after multiple rounds of fun over the past few days. As our mouths searched, we weren’t bound to last long.


Before we came close to a climax, I stopped him. “Let’s finish in the shower.”

A devilish grin overtook his smile as he climbed off me and carried me in his arms into the bathroom, with my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist.

“You don’t have to carry me,” I said, chuckling. “I’m not that sore.”

“But I wanted to,” he said. “And I’m shocked after the royal pounding I’ve given you each night.”

I giggled. “Don’t get too carried away. If you destroy my ass, our flight home won’t be pleasant.”

He smiled. “As you wish.”

He turned the water on and continued to hold me, giving me gentle kisses as we waited. When the water reached the right temperature, he carried us in, and the surrounding space filled with steam. All I saw was my handsome man, gazing at me with both unconditional love and lust behind his beautiful brown irises.

“Is the water too hot?” he asked.

I smiled. “No, it’s just right. Hot and steamy… like you.”

He smiled and gave me a few innocent kisses. “I love you, Jake. I haven’t loved anybody as much as you.”

“Words never do sentiment justice,” I replied. “I adore you, Drew, and I don’t see how I can love you more than I do right now. I can’t wait to be wrong and learn for the rest of our lives how to love you more.”

His smile warmed my heart. “Then let me show you how much I love you while we can before our extensive trip home. Then we can build our future together.”

It took limited effort for the passion to reignite between us and for us to resume our lustful rendezvous. After giving himself a bit of lubrication, he slipped inside, and I thought less about how Drew held me for as long as he did and instead lost myself in the pleasure reverberating through both of our bodies as he thrusted against me and kept feeding me kisses. It wasn’t long before the tension inside dissipated, and our climaxes neared closer. Sweat surrounded our bodies as we panted and moaned together, our mouths connected. We both cried out at our climaxes, him inside of me and me exploding on our stomachs.

He held me close to him as we caught our breaths, bathed in the shower spray but also in each other’s embrace.

“Damn, you explode a lot,” he told me.

I grinned. “What can I say? You do something to me.”

He smiled. “As you do me.”

Our lips met again before he kissed me on the forehead.

“Let’s clean up and start our day. It won’t be fun, but at least I’ll have you by my side.”

“And that’ll get us through the trip,” I said.

He placed me back on my feet, and I grabbed the soap.

“I’ll do the honors, you filthy stud,” I said.

He chuckled.

I started with lathering his arms and chest, muddling the magnificent art all over his body (with the exception of his heart, his lower back, and legs), paying particular attention to his nips, which hardened under my touch.

“You’re such a tease,” he said, smiling.

“Never,” I replied, chuckling.

I moved along his abs and cleaned my mess, teasing the V of his stomach and bringing his flesh to attention again, hard and dripping.

“You’re enjoying this way too much,” he said.

“I disagree,” I replied.

I shifted onto my knees and took him into my mouth and sucked on him. “Now I am.”

He chuckled, trying not to let the shivers overtake him.

I continued to lather him, soaping his privates and caressing them, eliciting a moan. He whimpered, a sound I wished to milk more if time wasn’t against us.

“Fuck, Jake, if you continue, you’re gonna have me on my knees, begging for release, and a huge mess on your hands.”

“Well, we wouldn’t want that, would we?” I replied.

“Don’t make me beg,” he said.

I chuckled. “I wouldn’t have someone with your title begging on your knees… but we’re gonna be late.”

“So?”

I giggled. “Drew, as much as I want it, we don’t want to miss our shuttle.”

He nodded.

I returned to my knees and lathered his legs and feet before rising to my feet.

“Okay, Your Excellence. Time to turn around.”

“Yes, sir,” he said, turning around. “But no tricks.”

I chuckled. “Who do you think you’re talking to?”

“My sexy, crafty love of my love. Hence, the warning.”

I smirked. If I could tease him, I wouldn't deprive myself.

I started with his back and muddling the color of his back tattoos before moving lower. Before I lathered his cheeks, I set it aside and rubbed them, eliciting moans.

“Does the Grand Master like this?”

He nodded.

“Then let me make you feel better.”

“Yes, sir.”

As I rubbed, I allowed my pointer finger to tease him. He stiffened for a second but relaxed and repositioned his legs so I had more access.

“Anything you don’t like, tell me,” I said, knowing this area suffered tremendous abuse in the past.

“I trust you.”

I massaged it, hoping for moans and nothing associated with pain, and bent my knees to tease him with my tongue, which drew a gasp.

“Oh, Jake…”

I teased him longer before I returned to my duties. I lathered his cheeks, turned him back around, and allowed him to lather his hair and rinse off, giving me the opportunity to watch it all wash off his sexy body. Shit, he mesmerized me. How I wished I could always behold him and kiss every part of his body.

He then took the soap to lather my body. He mimicked my approach and lathered each part of my body, massaging any area possible and layering them with kisses before lathering them. But, to outdo my devilish behavior, he pushed it further by sucking more on my nipples and privates.

I shuddered in pleasure. “Fuck, Drew, we aren’t getting out of this shower, are we?”

He chuckled. “I suppose we have to, but when we’re home, you’re gonna be as parched as a relicanth fossil in a hot-ass summer after Groudon’s reawakened from its slumber.”

“Damn, you’re not messing around with metaphors today,” I said, joining him. “We wouldn’t want that.”

He finished lathering me before he got out to dry himself. After finishing and toweling myself dry, Drew came back, his towel wrapped around his waist, handing me a mug.

“I hope by now I’ve figured out how you like your coffee,” he said, smiling.

I took a sip, and it hit all the right notes on my tongue. “It’s perfect. Thank you.”

I wrapped my towel around myself and joined him in the bedroom. Our companions were awake, with Espeon and Ninetales sitting on our bed and getting head scratches while I gave head rubs and kisses to my boys. Our other pokémon were stirring as well.

“Silver called when you were still snoozing.”

“He did?”

“He wanted to congratulate both of us. You for being crowned Grand Master, and me for being named Gym Leader and getting laid.”

He chuckled. “Sounds like him. That was nice of him to call.”

I nodded, smiling. “He’s leaving on another excursion, so it’ll be just my siblings there when we return home.”

His smile turned glum. “He’s always been a nomad. I’m surprised he stayed with us as long as he did, but maybe he wants to find himself more. For years, I’ve wished for him to be happy.”

I nodded before I took my new sweater and jeans and slipped into them, as well as my jewelry, before packing my belongings. After feeding our pokémon and bringing them back into their pokéballs, I sat to enjoy my coffee and noticed Drew had finished packing but hadn’t dressed, only wearing his earrings and pendant and nothing else.

“What’s the holdup, Your Excellence? Are you traveling naked today?”

He laughed and dropped trou. Damn, my thirst returned with a vengeance.

“I don’t need the attention. Or a field day with the reporters. But I’d be a total tease, especially to you.”

Fuck, he was gorgeous. I hated having to tell him to stop.

“I can’t resist your beauty. Now put your clothes on, sexy, or we’re stuck here.”

He chuckled. “What if I refuse to comply?”

A knock on the door grabbed our attention, so Drew covered himself and answered the door. To my relief, it was Saundra.

“Morning, Mom,” he said. “Come on in.”

“Am I interrupting anything?” she asked.

“Yes,” I said, not giving Drew a chance to respond. “Mom, your son is torturing me. He’s using the beauty he got from you against me. Would you please tell him to get dressed so we can have breakfast and return home?”

Drew would’ve dissolved into hysterics had he not been holding back his laughter. I’m sure entering this conundrum puzzled her, but she blushed and joined in.

“Drew, do as your significant other says. Your loved ones are ready to head home. Besides, you’ve already turned out well, so I don’t need to see your cheeks or anything else again.”

She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.

“Yes, Mom,” he said before retiring to our bedroom to change.

She came over to me, giving me a hug. “Eventful morning?” she asked.

I giggled. “Of course, but it’s been wonderful. Would you like some coffee, Mom?”

“Oh, that would be lovely.”

I moved to the kitchen and poured her a cup before adding the cream and sugar she loved before handing it to her.

She smiled. “Thank you, dear.”

“Where’s Ken?”

“He was still getting ready when I left, and he offered to reserve a table for us downstairs when we’re ready.”

“Oh, that was nice of him.”

We sat together on the couch, with my companions sitting near us alongside Ninetales and Espeon, everyone earning head rubs.

“My, your ensemble’s beautiful,” she said, admiring them. “I don’t think I’ve seen you with them before.”

“They’re all new,” I replied. “Gifts from Drew.”

“He chose well,” she said with a smile. “So everything’s okay?”

I nodded. “Neither of us has ever been happier.”

“I’m so glad,” she said. “I’d hoped Drew would find someone, and I’m so overjoyed it’s you. You’re so good for him, and he adores you and would move mountains for you.”

Her words brought tears to my eyes.

“He already has, more than once. It’s humbling to hear that. I wasn’t sure if we’d get here, but we’re both so grateful everything’s out in the open.”

Tears pooled in her eyes as well. “He loves you, Jake. We all do, and that won’t change for anything. We’re a whole, happy family, and you and Drew will always be my pride and joy.”

Within seconds, she brought me into an embrace. Tears coated my cheeks.

Our hug broke apart as Drew came out of the bedroom in his jeans, boots, and his pea coat over his dark green polo shirt. Shit, even wearing clothes, nobody could argue how handsome he was, and it would’ve been too easy to be distracted from anything I was doing. His watch and matching jewelry complemented his outfit.

He looked at us, seeing us in tears. “What’s wrong?”

Despite the tears, we were smiling.

“Nothing, son,” she said. “We’re just... thrilled about everything.”

He smiled and knelt next to me, kissing me and wiping my tears away. “You okay?”

“Of course,” I said. “Are you ready?”

He nodded. “Let’s get out of here.”

We grabbed our suitcases and followed Saundra out of the suite and through the hallway to the elevator. After riding it to the ground floor, we joined the rest of our group in our normal restaurant, where our colleagues and friends from home filled the dining room. We exchanged lots of hugs before we sat, becoming so engrossed in our conversations we didn’t notice when potatoes, omelets, pancakes, and bacon overtook our table. Our plates were full, much like our hearts.

I loved the normalcy of it all. Our friends had become family. They’d all fought alongside Drew, supported him, and invested in him. And they’d done the same for me, too. And even with my close relationships with my siblings and the recovering relationships with my parents, I’d gained so much with these individuals, and my heart swelled with gratitude for the extensive network of love and support Drew and I came to cherish.

Right on time, our shuttle arrived, and our gaggle of friends, family, and colleagues assembled as we gathered our belongings and left the restaurant. Because of the size of the crowds of customers and reporters, Drew moved ahead out of protection while still holding my hand and keeping me close. We navigated through the tower until we reached the lobby and found our vans waiting in the loading zone. Ken rode shotgun while Drew, Saundra, and I took the next row, and the rest of the group sat in the rows behind us.

The trip back to the airport was brief, our conversations and camaraderie overtaking our concept of time. Passing through security and check-in was a breeze, and we boarded our flight to Los Angeles without delay. We wouldn’t be flying long, and we’d shuffle to our next flight, where we’d be in the air for a god-awful length of time. But when I gazed over at the gorgeous hunk next to me, the flight time didn’t matter. I could endure anything as long as we were together.

After our flight took off, the faint conversations around us faded from my consciousness as I rested my head on Drew’s shoulder, hands clasped as we enjoyed the movie Pitch Perfect 3 on our headsets.

Before we reached the ending, our plane landed in Los Angeles, and we had a pleasant stroll through the airport to our next gate. But an ocean of tense people surrounded it.

“What’s happening?” Misty asked.

“Something’s wrong,” Brock said.

“Wait here,” Drew added. “I’ll see what’s the commotion’s about.”

We waited a while, conversations among us being few and brief. It struck me as odd that fate had interrupted our trip home after the grandest tournament in history. When Drew returned to us, we’d hoped there was some positive news to the circumstances, but his frown dispelled that hope.

“What’s happening, Xiǎodì?”

“Our flight’s canceled,” he replied. “All the flights have been. A hacker got into the airline’s system and threw it offline. They’re doing everything to get the issue straightened out, but it’s delaying our flight home indefinitely.”

“That’s terrible,” Ken said.

“What’ll we do?” Saundra asked.

“We’ll have to find a hotel,” Brock said.

An idea came to mind. I chuckled before taking out my pokégear.

“No, we won’t,” I said, grinning.

“What’s your idea, Hǔ zǐ?”

“It must be a damn good one to warrant that smile,” Drew said, smirking.

“Leave it to me,” I replied.

I dialed the number and waited for him to answer.

“What do I owe the honor of hearing from the Grand Master’s boyfriend? Did you two not work out already?”

I chuckled. “Nice to talk to you too, smartass. We’ve got a bit of a situation here at LAX. Network issues with the airline’s canceled our flight, and it may take some time for us to get our flight rescheduled.”

“Whoa, that’s terrible. What rotten luck when your group was ready to head home.”

“Yeah, it’s a plot twist, for sure. I wondered if you knew any decent hotels here, in case we have to stay overnight.”

“You must be crazy. Why would your group stay in a hotel when you have connections here in Santa Monica? I was just getting my belongings together for a getaway at my parents’ beach house, so why don’t y’all come stay with me?”

“That’s so generous of you. Are you sure you can accommodate us?”

“Without a doubt. I’ll also grab lunch for everyone. You haven’t been a true L.A. tourist without having an In-N-Out burger. I’ll send you the address, so get your luggage and meet me there. Some beach fun might be what we need to celebrate all our accomplishments.”

“We owe you majorly, but Saundra and I will at least make one hell of a dinner.”

“I can’t wait. See you soon.”

I put my device away and grinned at everyone. “Well, let’s move! Luggage won’t retrieve itself and cars won’t get rented if we stand around. There’s a beach party calling our names!”

The moment’s excitement spread to our entire group. In a mad dash, we retrieved our luggage and dashed to the car rentals, where Drew and Lance rented two white Toyota Tacomas, so who would’ve thought within an hour’s time of finding our flight canceled we’d be at an elegant, white beach home with blue accents and trim?

Jeff welcomed us with hugs as he helped situate us. Family photographs filled the space, not to mention multiple sitting rooms with cream-colored furniture and blue accents, a dark wood kitchen with white quartz countertops, a dining room with a fireplace, several luxurious bedrooms and bathrooms, and a two-tier outdoor patio with firepits and glass fences overlooking the beach.

After we’d settled, we enjoyed our first experiences with a local favorite, devouring our burgers, fries, and shakes before we moved our party to the beach, our time split between the water and dancing on the sand to the radio. Jeff, with his Canon, got many stunning shots of Drew and me that we’d cherish forever. As we enjoyed our time in the sun, the airport notified Drew of updates, learning later that afternoon they’d resolved the network issues and had offered us an evening flight. But with all our fun, we opted to leave the next day.

Saundra and I prepared a feast of Cioppino and toasty homemade bread for our group as our fun boiled over, lots of laughter and love around us. Jeff toasted champagne to Drew, to his firm’s determination and victory, to my talents that helped Drew’s profile reach wider audiences, our new relationship, and a successful future ahead for everyone. Tears accompanied us as we reminisced, reflected, and honored this moment, full of gratitude for it all. Whatever the future held for us, I looked forward to starting.





Chapter 27



The Unbreakable Bonds of Unconditional Love and the Snowed-In Quarantine Christmas



If a reporter had asked about post-tournament life, words would’ve failed me. Life flew by in pure joy, and rather than dwelling on taking so long to be together, instead the love we’d missed out on intoxicated us and guided us into our new life together.

Plenty of change greeted us once we returned home. Viridian City put on a massive parade and festival to celebrate Drew’s accomplishments. Once we overcame our jetlag, Drew and I moved our respective belongings into a larger apartment in his complex, offering more living space to create our home. With Silver and I gone, Jackie and Bobby moved into the gym’s master suites, another step closer to gym leadership.

As Drew oversaw the construction and development of his institute, he surprised me. Besides his Golden Aura duties, he began advocating for LGBT rights in the community, speaking at town halls and city council meetings, not to mention taking part in community outreach to let residents know how important this issue was to him and advancing our community. Ken and Saundra supported his efforts, organizing meetings, mailers, and phone calls to businesses in voicing their support to the City Council.

As it stood, the law did not protect LGBT individuals, allowing discrimination of marriage or adopting children to go unchallenged, among many other pertinent issues. This bothered Drew, which fueled his passion for transforming our city’s policies to match the love our community had fostered. We wanted to start a family, but, as he said, our community was far from giving us the freedoms we deserved.

In contrast to Drew focusing on his passions without inhibitions, I focused on my responsibilities as Gym Leader and challenged Jackie and Bobby in our training and helped mentor trainers at our Trainer school. I channeled everything into our team building and my fitness, and I did nothing but cook and make love to Drew when we were home. Life couldn’t have been more perfect.

As we built a new home life together, Drew also left the country on occasion and met with various foreign dignitaries about their participation in the Golden Aura, most of which I accompanied him. Not all trips were possible, but I felt his absence when he was away. But traveling with him and advocating for the Golden Aura’s tenets with him was an unforgettable experience.

When winter came, I accompanied Drew to France for another Golden Aura trip of the same nature, and with it being Christmastime, we had two weeks to explore before we headed home. With winter setting the scene with plenty of snow, there were many frosty nights when hot chocolate and huddling for warmth together were commonplace. The food set my heart on fire, and the culture and energy of Paris was intoxicating. All we did was explore, eat, fuck, and repeat.

As a tribute to our love, we both received tattoos at my suggestion. I had Drew’s phrase from his military service, “Kiddo, you are my world”, tattooed over my heart in a fancy calligraphy, earning Drew’s approval and confirming I was his favorite work of art. Likewise, he had a sentimental piece containing my name tattooed over his heart.

With all the celebrating around us, we became more enamored with the festive spirit of Christmas, as Drew had been during his earlier stay here. As I fell in love with the holiday lights during our frequent window shopping, Drew and I also looked at the homes and architecture, and Drew surprised me yet again.

“Angel, I have an idea.”

“Your ideas haven’t steered us wrong, my king.”

He smiled. “I love it here, so why don’t we bring some of this home?”

His answer puzzled me. “What do you mean? I don’t doubt we could bring a lot of this home with your telekinesis.”

“No, no. Why don’t we build a home? If we’re gonna start a family, we need a bigger space… but let’s bring some French style to it.”

I grinned. “What a marvelous idea. I doubt there’d be any house like it in the city.”

“Agreed… and it’ll be ours.”

He drew me into a kiss.

“What say you?” he asked when we parted.

“I say it’s a perfect idea.”

Once we returned home, our plans began. In a turn of good fortune for New Year, the city gifted us an extraordinary piece of land in the valley between Viridian City and Indigo Plateau, private and serene (and the perfect backdrop for our French Country dream home) as a gesture of gratitude for all we’d done for the community.

John, the contractor who’d remodeled the Viridian Gym, led a team of contractors to bring our vision to life. We shared pictures and inspiration, giving us the perfect French Country home with some Japanese accents. It was a five-bedroom, three-and-a-half-bathroom home with a spacious living room, den, grand kitchen and dining room, laundry room, an expansive outdoor patio, and an enormous estate of five acres for our pokémon to call home. Within a matter of months, springtime gave us an exciting homecoming (as well as a budding family).

After the City Council introduced an LGBT rights ordinance, a historic, unanimous vote allowed LGBT couples to adopt and provided protection from housing and employment discrimination, which Mayor Takahashi signed into law with tremendous enthusiasm, the media interviewing many visible LGBT figures in the city over its progress.

It was a start, but joy filled our hearts after being matched with a three-month-old Franco-Japanese boy. Drew and I fell in love with him at first sight, and we wanted him to have a unique name capturing our love of France and our blended heritage. Once he came home, we named him Geoff Bao Gyeong-Heaston, named after his godfather Jeff, though our loved ones gave our handsome, cheerful boy the nickname Beau.

Time flew, as our world revolved around taking care of him and continuing our careers (our parents and Mr. Stone were our loyal and eager babysitters when we needed date nights). Once the Institute opened, Drew transitioned from mentoring the teachers he’d hired to what he wanted to do (aside from teaching young trainers) - becoming a pokémon researcher. He split his time between assisting Professors Oak, Birch, and Sycamore, and both of us split our time taking Beau with us to work (I didn’t notice, as Jackie and Bobby loved taking care of him while I handled the administrative or leadership tasks). Drew was the happiest I’d ever seen him, and seeing him be Beau’s Bàba only made him more attractive in my sight.

But none of us expected the Coronavirus pandemic emerging from China that circled the entire globe. When news of its spread gained traction, Drew assisted the Mayor, City Council, and the Institute in organizing efforts to help the city take fundamental measures to curb its spread, keep others safe, and direct them to crucial resources. Closures and restrictions put my job on hold, and Drew’s became virtual, leaving us at home.

While panic overtook the world, and everyday life changed for our entire community, Drew and I loved being a stay-at-home family and invited both sets of our parents and my siblings to quarantine with us. It was tough at first, working through kinks and previous mishaps between family members, but with some needed conversations and grace, love won out, and our blended family grew closer. Enjoying my time with Ken and Saundra and seeing Drew being so well regarded by my parents made our decision worth the effort.

We focused on spending time with each other and our pokémon and raising our family, not to mention growing closer as a blended family. The adoption agency even matched Drew and me with another foster placement who needed a loving home, but this time it was for twin Franco-Korean boys we named Leo Su-Jin and Liam Ji-Yun, continuing our new family tradition. As the year progressed, our happiness grew. Drew was busy on his own, being a point of contact for his expertise and virtual pokémon care management with various organizations and groups while also giving speeches, facilitating meetings for the Golden Aura, and directing city resources for public health.

I spent my time taking care of our pokémon on our estate and ensuring there was no interruption with their care, not to mention taking some of the burden off Drew in helping direct resources within the city and advocating for health guidelines when he had to attend to his other responsibilities. As Drew and I were active during the day, we had plenty of babysitting covered, as my siblings and our parents were so in love with our boys. Weekends and evenings revolved around family, with dinner being the best part of our days, with plenty of love and excellent food. Plus, while Drew and I loved being parents, we still found time to be alone, the love between us enduring like a raging wildfire.

When winter came, excitement was in the air as we invited other friends and loved ones in quarantine to our home for Christmas. The holiday weekend came in the middle of a freak snowstorm, taking the Kanto region by surprise, but it was a minor obstacle in our celebration. My siblings and our parents made maintaining a household and raising our family so effortless, so we made all the preparations, with my securing our food for our weekend-long family feast, and Drew retrieved all the Christmas decorations we’d purchased in France out of storage for decorating. With invitations sent, we staged our guest rooms and left the house spotless for our visitors.

It was crisper than expected Christmas Eve morning as the blizzard raged outside, and I had no desire to leave the comfort of our quilt to mess with the thermostat. I moved closer to Drew and huddled for warmth against his body, my ears filled with the soft sounds of his breathing, his arms by instinct wrapped around me.

I hoped for a chance to doze off before starting our day and welcoming our guests. But, as sleep eluded me, airflow shifted in our room, and something climbed onto our bed, tiny hands on my bare skin.

I turned over, coming face to face with a smiling, giggling Geoff. Ninetales was close by, nuzzling him. Our oldest boy, now 30 months, brought smiles to our faces every day, so I brought him into my arms and held him close.

“Appa,” he said, letting out a giggle.

I held my finger to my mouth, whispering, “Bàba’s still sleeping.”

He smiled, and I held him close to me, kissing his forehead multiple times.

“C’mon, let’s start breakfast,” I whispered to him.

I scooted over to the edge of the bed and fetched my red fleece robe, donning it and the delicate softness layering over the goosebumps on my skin. The crib near our bed remained quiet, with Leo and Liam, almost a full year old, slumbering with Espeon and Mightyena laying beside them. Bringing Geoff into my arms, I entered the hallway and adjusted the thermostat before we traipsed through the rest of the house.

From the front door, the hallway curved in an L-shape with a warm beige paint and crown molding and wainscoting, allowing access to the two guest rooms, the linen closet, the master suite, and a guest bathroom. The opposite end of the entryway led to our coat closet and the staircase leading to the basement floor, housing our den (which was Drew’s office when we didn’t have company), our laundry room, storage, and two guest bedrooms. In front was our large open-concept living room painted a warm yellow, drawing your eye to a regal fireplace and a dark brown wooden mantle, with a powder room on the right-hand side. The open concept guided the eye to travel to the left to our grand kitchen, with white and gray marbled quartz countertops and white cabinets against the same yellow paint, with red and green accent pieces. Our dining room held a grand dining table seating up to 16 people, with all its leaves included, dressed in an elegant red tablecloth.

The heater came alive, soon warming the house. We peered out of the living room’s sliding door leading to our patio, where we had a view of our estate, now covered with a thick blanket of snow, the storm adding to the existing banks.

“It’s snowing, Beau! We’re gonna have a white Christmas, and everyone’s arriving soon.”

Geoff giggled.

Ninetales came into the room, rubbing against my leg and accepting my pets.

“Thank you for watching him,” I said. “Can you entertain him while I get breakfast started?”

It squealed before I set Geoff on the floor and brought the fireplace back to a roaring blaze. As I moved to the kitchen to start preparations, Ninetales stayed with Geoff, using Confusion on his basket of toys, resulting in each one coming to life and dancing around him. A fit of giggles overtook him as he ran around the room with them, bringing a smile to my face.

“That’s our happy boy,” I said.

Ninetales pranced around with him, the toys floating in a swirl around them. Geoff hopped and played with the toys just out of his grasp.

With the distraction, I made fast work of starting our coffeemaker and taking out the ingredients we’d need for quick omelets. I set aside the cream cheese to come to temperature, along with our lox, our jam collection, and fresh berries. I then took my chef’s knife and fast chopped scallions, peppers, ham, sausage, bacon, shrimp, mushrooms, tomatoes, eggplant, squash, and kimchi before transferring them to individual dishes. Geoff’s eggs sizzled and bread toasted while I tidied the space, put on our teakettle, and staged the island, having all our festive red mugs with gold handles next to the coffeemaker with our sugar and cream, and the other side staging bread next to the toaster and all our spreads.

Once I finished his breakfast with some cheese, I laid out his cut-up toast pieces and his scrambled eggs on his highchair tray. I found him cuddling with Ninetales, his playtime leaving him dazed.

“C’mon, big guy,” I said, lifting him. “Let’s eat.”

I set him in his chair, smiling as his eyes moved to his breakfast.

“Are you excited?”

“Yeah!” he cooed.

“Then let’s gobble it up,” I said, kissing him on the forehead.

He took a few bites, smiling as he ate, and his eyes moved to something behind me, appearing bright.

“Bàba!”

I turned around, finding my love entering the kitchen. My handsome other half looked thirst-worthy as my eyes pored over his frame. We’d both gained some weight from being home, indulging a bit more on comfort food and exercising less than normal, giving us what Jackie called dad bods. But, regardless, the weight gain around his midsection accentuated his muscles, and his red briefs clung to his frame. In the time we’d been together, his body had become covered in more body hair, which only made me thirst after him more. If that wasn’t frustrating enough, his gorgeous eyes and warm smile set my spirit ablaze, like usual.

“Morning, sexy,” he said.

His appearance left me speechless, but he chuckled to himself before he embraced me and planted delicate kisses on my neck.

“You know how to stoke my hunger,” I told him.

“But you’re not innocent either, my angel,” he said. “You bring that desire out of me… and I can’t help feeling I need to make lots of love to your body today.”

My arousal awakened. “Don’t do this.”

“Why?”

“Because I can’t resist your beauty,” I replied. “Besides… we have guests arriving soon.”

“I doubt they’d arrive before we stoke those flames.”

“What if someone wakes and discovers us? The last thing our families want to see is us half-naked.”

He chuckled again. “I take it this doesn’t amuse you?”

I joined in, shaking my head. “Maybe if it was only us here. Do me a favor and hide your beauty from me, for the time being.”

He smirked. “As you wish… but you’re not off the hook. I will steal you away.”

I chuckled. “Whatever you say, my king.”

He leaned in and kissed me before parting and kissing Geoff on the top of his head.

“I’ll make myself decent.”

Before returning to the hallway, he posed against the wall, turning to me, my eyes still drawn to his frame like I was watching a model in his element. He winked at me and slunk down the hall.

I chuckled and turned to Geoff, who looked for where Drew disappeared.

“Your bàba is silly,” I said before kissing him on the forehead.

I took to grating cheese as Geoff ate, with some feeding help from Ninetales. I reviewed my work to confirm I covered everything before Drew returned in his vibrant green fleece robe, with Leo and Liam yawning in his arms. Espeon and Mightyena followed, with Espeon purring next to Drew and Mightyena’s tail wagging as it came over for pets.

“Well, isn’t that precious,” I said, smiling as I peered over at Drew and our littlest ones, looking at us and cooing.

He smiled. “Perfect timing when I returned for my robe. They’re famished.”

I smiled and returned to the refrigerator. “Oh, I bet they are.”

I retrieved two bottles and warmed them in hot water from the kettle.

“Is this ensemble more pleasing to you, Monsieur?”

I chuckled. “For the time being.”

“Is anything left for us to finish before guests arrive?”

I shook my head. “Everything’s done. Aside from double-checking the guest rooms and setting out pajamas for everyone, we’re all set.”

“I can handle that… and I’ll stage the Christmas tree.”

I removed the bottles from the water and tested the temperature. “Thank you. I’ll take one.”

I took Leo from Drew, holding him as I gave him a bottle, handing the other one to Drew. We took advantage of enjoying the stillness before our house was full of noisy loved ones.

“I checked our pokégears,” Drew said as the twins fed. “Misty’s family and the Stones are almost here. Lance will arrive this afternoon if the storm doesn’t delay him.”

“Great,” I replied. “Any word from Silver?”

He’d called Drew a few days prior, saying he’d be here. We’d only seen him twice in recent years. Once after we returned home as a couple when Silver came to challenge me for an Earth badge, and the second a few months later when Silver challenged the Elite Four and became the new Indigo Champion. Aside from those, we seldom heard from him. The last we’d heard was he was traveling Europe and winning money to travel from regional pokémon tournaments.

He shook his head. “None. I hope he’s on his way and the weather doesn’t hinder him.”

As we continued feeding the twins, Jackie and Bobby entered the kitchen.

“Hey, sleepyheads,” I said, smiling.

“Morning, Appa,” Bobby said.

“Morning, Hyungbu,” Jackie said.

Drew smiled. “Morning, gajog.”

“In exchange for a rocking breakfast, are you two willing to feed the boys?” I asked.

“Is that even a question?” Jackie asked. “We can’t get enough time with these two cuties.”

Drew and I chuckled.

“We’re happy to,” Bobby replied.

We handled them off before Drew kissed me and left the room, allowing me to fry omelets.

“Pick your toppings,” I told them, multitasking between two skillets as they fed them and pointed to their requested mix-ins.

“Everything ready for our guests?” Jackie asked.

“Everything’s set. All we need to do is welcome our guests and decorate the house.”

“We can’t wait,” Bobby said.

Once their omelets were ready, Saundra and Ken joined us, followed by Eomeoni and Abeoji, who all took over grandparent duties for the boys as Jackie and Bobby ate. I helped pass out coffee and took omelet orders as everyone got themselves situated.

It didn’t take long before the Stones, Mahri, Misty, and Rudy arrived, with the storm stopping long enough to offer them safe passage.

“Thank goodness,” I said, hugging my best friend tight.

Misty glowed, her cheeks a rosy color from the chill. Her hands rested on her stomach, her baby bump a great deal larger than last time I’d seen her.

“You’re glowing,” I told her. “And those twins are growing so big.”

She smiled. “They are, and we couldn’t be more thrilled. We’ve missed you all so much.”

“It was wonderful to get here without complications from the storm,” Rudy added, his same jovial self but with a thick van dyke on his face similar to Drew’s.

“Please make yourselves at home,” I said. “Coffee’s brewing again, and I’ll have breakfast ready soon.”

As I had skillets sizzling with their omelets, Mr. Stone hugged me tight, love emanating from his spirit.

“It’s so great to see you,” he said, his smile radiant.

“So glad you and Steven could make it, Dad. We needed someone to wear the Santa costume.”

He chuckled. “Sounds like the perfect role.”

Once everyone had eaten, we congregated in the living room. Drew staged the Christmas tree right off the fireplace and brought in our numerous boxes of decorations.

“Freshen up if you need to and change into your pajamas so we can decorate,” Drew said, taking my hand. “Jake and I need to freshen up. Are you all okay with watching the kids?”

“Sure,” Jackie said. “We’ll watch them.”

“Have fun,” Bobby added, yielding some chuckles from our loved ones.

I chuckled before Drew led us to our suite, locking the door behind us. As I lit the fireplace, he closed the drapes over our slider. 

“Finally,” he purred, his eyes set on me. “Now I can dress you up in my love.”

I chuckled. “Has someone been listening to Madonna again?”

His smolder drew me in. “Maybe.”

He came closer and kissed me, drawing me in and wrapping me tight in his arms.

“I’m gonna sleigh you, Appa,” he said, prompting a chuckle.

“You better leave me rosy and jolly, Bàba,” I said.

We removed our robes, and he carried me to our bed, yanking my briefs off in one swift motion, doing the same with his own and laying on top of me, feeding me hungry kisses and his gorgeous, furry physique on display.

“I’ll see to it,” he said, kissing my forehead before kissing me again. “Relax and let me take care of everything.”

He planted kisses down my neck, paid special attention to my chest and stomach, and focused on my flesh, his mouth sending shock waves of pleasure through my being. My moans confirmed for him when I felt it, and he drug out the pleasure, ensuring not to miss a single spot and teased me toward my peak many times before coming back to kiss me.

“I love you,” Drew said.

“Love you too,” I said.

“Well, I love you more.”

“Oh, do you?”

He nodded, a smirk on his face.

“Prove it.”

“Oh, I intend to,” he said, grabbing the lubricant from his nightstand and applying some to my flesh and his cheeks.

This wasn’t unusual, but our normal ratio showed an even matchup that skewed toward him pounding me more often.

“Oh?”

He nodded before he raised and lowered himself onto me. It was a slow, crucial moment, but within a minute, he was on top of me, having adjusted and rocked himself on my pelvis.

“Fuck, you feel so good,” I told him. “What’s the occasion?”

He smiled. “It’s almost Christmas, and with our home full of family and our family growing, I want you to feel as special as possible.”

“That’s impossible,” I replied. “You’ve already made me the happiest man on the planet.”

“But I won’t settle for what I’ve already done. All I want is to keep you happy as long as we’re living. But, for now, I’m rocking your world.”

“You do that, stud, and we’ll become pregnant.”

He chuckled. “If only it were that simple. I won’t get my seven kids that way, as much as I wish for it.”

I joined him, the thought absurd. “Well, we can dream.”

His movements on top of me increased as he rocked back and forth, my flesh stimulating and pleasuring him. The shock waves of pleasure resumed, and the sight before me only aroused me and stoked my hunger. Here was my king, my foundation, in a vulnerable state and getting off on the pleasure of being subservient to me. I loved him with all my heart, and I wouldn’t stop doing whatever I could to make him the happiest possible.

I quickened my pace, thrusting more and giving him more of a pounding, his cries and moans only giving me more motivation to continue. Despite not having as much time to ourselves before having kids, we still tried to delay our climaxes and edge as much as possible. But this position meant I wouldn’t last long. I gave into it, thrusting and driving him into fits of ecstasy, stroking his dripping flesh as he teased his nips.

“I’m close, sexy,” I said. “Are you?”

He shook his head. “Not quite, but don’t stop.”

“I’m gonna explode. Are you sure?”

He smirked. “Yeah, breed me, my angel. We’ll take care of the rest afterward.”

I returned it and gave him the strongest thrusts I could muster.

“Fuck,” he said, overcome with pleasure. “Let me have it.”

Within a few seconds, I reached my climax, exploding inside him, the waves of pleasure rocking through me for a good 30 seconds before I collapsed. He leaned in and kissed me.

“That’s my sexy angel,” he said. “Giving it to me the way I like it.”

I smiled. “I live to love and serve you, my king… but I haven’t gotten you off.”

He smirked. “Well, we can take care of that… in one of your favorite places.”

I returned it, kissing him deeper and continuing to stroke him, my hand coated by his arousal. All right, I’m on board. Stunning two pidgeys with one stone.”

He nodded. “I can return the favor, and we’ll be clean and ready to rejoin the party.”

I grinned. “All right. Lead the way.”

He inched out of me and then brought me to my feet. I followed him into our grand bathroom and chuckled to myself as I saw some of myself leaking out of him. Once the water warmed, we stepped in and caught ourselves in another passionate embrace, our tongues searching and him grabbing my ass and smacking it.

“I love making love to you,” he said.

“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” I replied. “Are you ready to fill me like a pastry?”

He chuckled. “Always.”

I turned around and gave him access, soon feeling the pressure of his flesh and letting myself adjust a moment.

“Feel okay?”

“Of course,” I replied. “Now, breed me. Maybe we’ll both become pregnant today.”

He chuckled. “Thank goodness our families are with us. They’ve helped us so much with raising our boys.”

“They’ve been godsends. But you’re a terrific daddy, and I love that so much about you.”

He kissed me and massaged my back. “And you’re a terrific daddy, too, angel. I fall more in love with you each day when I see you care for our boys.”

Tears formed behind my eyes. “I love you so much, Drew. Forever wouldn’t be enough with you.”

“And I you, my love,” he said, kissing me again. “I want to be with you for our total existence, and my love will always surround you.”

Soon, moans filled our bathroom as he began pleasuring me and quickening his pace, giving me the royal pounding I craved from him. If it was possible, he sought to outdo his previous attempts at pleasuring me the right way. He succeeded, as I was moaning, panting, sweating, and my arousal was present all over again.

“You’re the most beautiful man on this planet, Jake,” he said. “I couldn’t grow tired of making love to you.”

“Right back at you, sexy,” I replied. “Looking at you arouses me, and you always love and provide for me.”

His pace quickened, and the shock waves of pleasure overtook me.

“Fuck, Jake, I’m close. I’m gonna-”

“Me too, Drew. Fill those cakes.”

He brought me into a kiss as he reached his peak, a warmth filling my being as I reached mine again, exploding and being washed down the drain. After our climaxes ended, I slumped against him, being held as we caught our breaths.

“What a rush,” Drew said.

I chuckled. “Always worth the effort.”

We spent a few minutes exchanging kisses before he removed himself and we continued our shower. I tried to avoid his gaze, not wanting to be ensnared again when we had a gathering to rejoin. But he caught my occasional glances.

“I saw that.”

“You saw nothing.”

He chuckled. “You like me.”

I chuckled back.

“You wanna date me.”

“Oh, shush, Sandra Bullock,” I replied.

He laughed and hugged me tight, our sudsy bodies making contact and risking setting off my arousal again. Soon, another kiss was imminent.

“All right, you sexy behemoth,” I said. “Let’s rejoin the party. I’m sure they’ll wonder what’s taking us so long.”

“Yeah, right. They already know what we’re doing.”

I chuckled. “All right, you have a point. We are parents, after all.”

“Yes, and even daddies need love.”

“Agreed.”

We finished and dried off before shaving, with him ensuring his van dyke was clean and trimmed and my face clean-shaven before we completed our skincare routine. I teased my hair, having grown it out at Drew’s request, in thick waves and light curls, which he loved. Because of the pandemic, I hadn’t had it layered with any color to accentuate the red highlights in my hair, so it had returned to its normal hue.

After a kiss and some cologne, we donned our pajamas and rejoined the party, with me heading to the kitchen while Drew socialized in the living room.

Mahri, Misty, Saundra, Jackie, and Eomeoni joined me as we looked over our food preparations we’d started the day before. We had cubed chuck roast marinating in the fridge with herbs, so I took it along with our cream and butter out to come to temperature.

“So what are we baking?” Mahri asked.

“We’d discussed making a couple of desserts and some gingerbread and sugar cookies for the boys.”

“That’ll be so fun,” Misty said.

“I’ll take the apple pie,” Saundra said.

“And I can handle the cookies,” Mahri said.

“I’ll help you,” Jackie added.

“Perfect,” I said. “I’ll be preparing a couple of dishes for tomorrow’s lunch, but then I can get started on our unique Yule Log.”

“What makes it unique?” Misty asked.

“It’s not traditional. A bûche de Noël from France would have yellow cake mix and chocolate buttercream, but to represent our home we’re making it with a shortcake batter and filling it with strawberries.”

“Delicious!” Mahri exclaimed.

“I’ll help you with the rest, son,” Eomeoni said.

I smiled. “Wonderful. This’ll take no time at all. Then we can start on our beef stew for dinner.”

Everyone began their jobs, with lots of flour, butter, and sugar around the island. Saundra peeled apples, Mahri made sugar cookie dough, Jackie worked on the gingerbread, and Eomeoni sliced strawberries while Misty helped me pour our shortcake batter onto sheet pans to bake. With our creations baking, Saundra and Misty helped make the icing for the cookies and the chocolate buttercream for the Yule log.

I took our Dutch ovens out of the cupboard to begin dinner, and Saundra and I tag-teamed preparing dishes for our feast tomorrow. I put together a French toast bread pudding bake for tomorrow’s breakfast, and we’d planned a traditional Japanese Christmas lunch, with some American influences. We had chicken marinating in buttermilk and spices for frying, I put together our macaroni and cheese to chill in the refrigerator, and our potato salad and apple cabbage slaw chilled also, marrying flavors. All that remained were the biscuits, which we’d assemble and bake before our meal.

“It’s so nice to be together, especially in the kitchen,” Misty said.

I smiled. “It’s my happy place.”

Saundra smiled. “It’s where my spirit is the strongest.”

“It’s a place of love,” Eomeoni added.

I peered into the living room, seeing the men chatting, with Peanuts playing on the television mounted over the fireplace, the fire roaring. The twins were napping while Geoff snoozed in Drew’s arms, the cuteness almost bringing me to tears.

The ladies tended to the oven while I browned the beef in our Dutch ovens and built our stew, starting with flour, adding some whiskey and stock, and covering it before chopping our carrots and potatoes.

A knock on the floor door drew our interest. I ran to answer and found Lance wrapped in his fluffy corduroy coat, covered in snow.

“Merry Christmas, Hǔ zǐ,” he said, his smile illuminating the space with the insane snowstorm in the background.

I kissed and embraced him.

“So great to see you, handsome.”

He came in and made his introductions with everyone before scooping up Geoff, who’d woken up, into his arms for plenty of uncle love.

“We missed you, Ā xiōng,” Drew said, sharing a hug and kiss with his brother.

“I wouldn’t be anywhere else, Xiǎozhū,” he replied with a smirk.

“Rude,” he said, chuckling.

“What? You’ve gotten fluffier.”

“We all have,” Drew said. “What’s it to you?”

“I’m only pointing it out,” he said. “But I bet it doesn’t bother Jake.”

Drew snickered. “We’re embracing our dad bods.”

“Oh, so that’s what you’re calling it.”

“Yes, and since you’re not kissing my ass, lay off, Xiǎodì.”

“Oh, fine,” he said, joining in. “Have you heard from Silver?”

“Not a word today,” Drew said. “He said he’d be here, but he should’ve arrived by now.”

Lance’s face became occupied with concern. “I tried calling him earlier and couldn’t reach him.”

“Try from our landline,” I said. “The storm makes our reception terrible. You could try dialing the Pokémon Center where he was last at and see if they’ve seen him.”

“Yeah, let me try. Excuse me.”

Lance left the room, leaving me to return to the kitchen, with our baked goods out of the oven. Saundra helped me roll up the cake to make it easier to roll, and soon we’d make our Yule log and finish dinner. I helped the ladies with decorating the cookies, giving them all festive designs.

Once we finished, I left and found Lance and Drew beside the phone in our bedroom, concern on their faces. I assumed it was about Silver.

“What’s happening?” I asked.

“He called the Center in Paris,” Drew said. “They’re patching in the number for where Silver’s staying so they can put him on.”

The look on Lance’s face mirrored a familiar expression, the one he’d had back in America. Drew and I knew everything now, and it’d all made sense. Silver was the mysterious guy who broke Lance’s heart. Overcome with anger, he’d run from his truth for long enough and accepted it after leaving town, vowing to take inventory of himself as he traveled the world. The last we’d heard was he’d enrolled in an Alcoholic Anonymous program for his sobriety and continued to make progress with his therapist on accepting his past and his identity.

“Gingersnap, are you okay?” Lance asked.

“I’m so sorry for worrying you,” Silver said, his voice subdued, even over the speakerphone. “A thug mugged me a few days ago.”

His response exacerbated Lance’s pain.

“That’s terrible,” Drew responded. “What happened?”

“I thought they were a fan, but they blindsided me, and a nearby resident found me and brought me to the Pokémon Center. They stole all the money I won in my last tournament. I’m not injured, but I couldn’t afford my flight home.”

“Didi, you should’ve told us.”

“I know. It left me feeling so embarrassed and inadequate. I wish I could’ve made it.”

We looked at Drew, who looked determined.

“Where are you? Give me your address.”

“I’m at a new friend’s flat. Why do you need the address?”

“Just give it to me, Silver. I’m coming to get you. You’re spending Christmas with us.”

Drew scribbled the address on a piece of paper, retrieved his peacoat, and vanished. I looked at Lance, still in pain.

“He’s okay,” I told him, “and Drew will get him.”

He nodded.

“You okay?”

“Yeah. It’s… weird. You’ve known for a while how I was in love with him and couldn’t shake it.”

I nodded.

“Well… I haven’t. All I’ve wanted this holiday season was to see him.”

I brought him into a hug. “Drew will get him.”

I escorted him into the kitchen, where we served warm mulled cider to all our guests as we waited. Eomeoni and Saundra helped me assemble and frost our yule log, adding personal touches of holly leaves and berries out of frosting and a dusting of powdered sugar.

Lance sat, enjoying his cider, but his worry remained.

Our attention diverted to the front door when it opened, the snowstorm still blaring, but in walked Drew and Silver, wrapped in Drew’s coat and his short auburn hair coated in snow.

Lance ran to the door and beat me there, cupping his hands.

“Thank goodness,” Lance said, looking into his eyes, tears forming. “I was so worried.”

To my shock, there were tears in Silver’s eyes as well.

“I’m so sorry for worrying you, Garfield,” he replied. “But I wanted to be here. And hoped you would be, too.”

Drew stepped away, accepting my embrace as we observed.

Lance brought his hands to his lips. “Our past wasn’t smooth, but it doesn’t change the fact that I’ll always be there for you.”

“There’s so much I’ve wanted to say to you,” Silver continued. “I’ve had so much time to think during my travels and my therapy and AA meetings, and I’ve worked through much of my past. What returned to my mind often was how cruel I was to you. I’ve run from it for years, but I’m tired of it. And I want to tell you something.”

“What is it, Gingersnap?”

“I’m sorry. So… so sorry. I’ve mistreated you, and it’s racked me with guilt. You didn’t deserve it, and nothing I could do could undo all the damage.”

“It’s all forgiven,” Lance replied.

Tears spilled from Silver’s eyes. “I love you, Lance.”

Tears fell from Lance’s eyes as well. “I love you, too.”

And before we knew it, Lance leaned in and kissed him, and Silver didn’t fight it and leaned into it.

When they broke away, both of them were smiling.

“I don’t want to be apart,” Lance said. “I’ve wanted to build a life with you, wherever your heart desires, but I only needed the word that it’s what you wanted.”

Silver nodded. “I want to return to Blackthorn City and begin a new life together. But... something still bothers me.”

“What is it?” Lance asked. “Whatever it is, please tell me, and I’ll see that it’s changed.”

“I worry about you, Garfield,” he said. “You love your job so much, and I’ve never wanted to make you pick between it and me. But it terrifies me not knowing if a mission puts you into danger. I can’t bear the thought of losing you.”

“I can take an office job with the military,” Lance replied. “Or I can find a new career. I’m open to anything… but it’s not worth your peace of mind. I want you, Silver, and I’d do anything to make that possible.”

Tears flooded Silver’s eyes again. “It’s so much to ask… but I don’t want to live in fear anymore.”

“Then I’ll see what my options are. After Christmas, let’s return home and start our new life together.”

Silver smiled. “Sounds perfect.”

They embraced, and Drew and I wiped tears from our eyes.

As soon as their embrace broke, Drew caught him in a hug.

“We love you, Didi.”

The embrace made him more emotional.

“Love you too, Gēgē.”

Once their embrace broke, it left only me.

Silver smirked, though his emotions remained at the surface.

“Oh, let’s get it over with, Manuke.”

I chuckled and brought him into my arms, holding him tight, with Silver reciprocating.

“Nice to have you back, Yarô.”

He patted me on the back. “Same here, Manuke. I’ve missed being here.”

Once the embrace broke, we shuffled them into the kitchen and gave Silver hot chocolate and a set of pajamas for both of them.

“Use our bathroom to freshen up,” Drew said.

“Thanks, Xiǎodì,” he said. “Oh, I forgot to ask. Where are we staying?”

“That’s a good question,” Drew said. “All our rooms are full. Put your belongings in our room. You two can bunk with us. Our king bed can accommodate.”

“Fabulous, that’s just what we wanted,” Silver said, smirking and rolling his eyes.

I chuckled. “It won’t be traumatizing.”

“We’re not spooning together,” Drew said, chuckling. “Besides, it beats being outside.”

“We appreciate it, Xiǎodì,” Lance said, turning to Silver. “C’mon, you. Let’s get clean.”

They left the room, leaving us to continue with our operations. Drew put on music, a mix of Country music and Christmas tunes, with the television still broadcasting classic shows. I returned to our stew and threw in the other vegetables, with Saundra proofing easy bread in our other Dutch ovens.

Once dinner was baking, we gathered in the living room and began decorating the house with our decorations. Lance and Silver rejoined us later, in their pajamas and clean-shaven. After some group effort, the entire house looked like Christmas. We adorned the tree with ornaments, lights, and candy canes and had a bushel of presents under it. The mantle hosted 18 stockings, and the walls were all covered with garland, lights, and ornaments, and we’d coated the window shades and refrigerator with the many greeting cards we’d received from our loved ones and friends all over the world. Not only that, it was dinnertime. Drew poured drinks as we got everyone situated, with stew and bread on every place setting.

“Bon appétit, everyone,” I said, raising my whiskey glass. “A toast to family. May we foster it and return to it when we part.”

“Hear, hear!” Mr. Stone replied.

We clinked glasses and dug in, our conversations warm as we feasted together.

“Don’t fill your stomachs too much,” I told everybody. “We have plenty of homemade desserts, too.”

Dinner was successful, as all our guests had clean bowls. Saundra assisted with serving dessert to our guests while Drew and I cleared the table and loaded our dishwasher. Once our guests had enjoyed our desserts and coffee, we migrated into the living room, where Drew added more wood to the fireplace.

“Who’s ready for some presents?” Mr. Stone asked, coming into the room in the Santa costume we gave him.

Our assembled guests howled.

“Here, Santa,” I replied. “I’ll help you.”

We passed out the gifts, watching as each person opened and enjoyed their gifts. With the warmth of the fire, the whiskey, the smiles on everyone’s faces, or the music floating through the speakers, my heart felt light. I wouldn’t forget an extraordinary night like this. Seeing Mahri and Bobby together, Rudy and Misty, Jackie with our boys, and Silver and Lance gave me so much joy.

“All right, settle down,” Drew said, diffusing the surrounding conversations. “We have one gift left.”

I could have sworn I’d handed them all to Mr. Stone, but I saw him reach behind a book on one of our built-ins and retrieved a tiny gift box.

“You sly rockruff,” I said.

The smile on his face mesmerized me.

“With the pandemic making this year a crazy one, it means so much to have you here celebrating with us. And it’s fitting to gather everyone here for an extraordinary occasion.”

He turned to me.

“Jake, you are my world. Fate introduced us 13 years ago, and these last two and a half years are without question my happiest. Building a home and family with you have made me so deliriously happy. Even without the honor of the Golden Aura, having you as the love of my life fulfills all my needs and desires. And it’s led to this.”

As soon as he finished, he knelt on one knee, and he opened the box, showing a white-gold eternity band, with the interior row of diamonds gleaming under the lights, prompting gasps and claps from our guests, not to mention tears from my eyes.

“Gyeong Ji-Sun, I love you more than nature, the sun, the moon, and every star in the night’s sky, and I don’t want to spend even one day apart. I want to continue building an empire of love with you. Would you do me the highest honor and fulfill my ultimate dream and marry me?”

Our guests applauded, tears all around, especially with Drew. I was so overwhelmed with it all, but I couldn’t help the smile outshining my tears.

“Of course I will,” I replied through sniffles.

Drew embraced me and kissed me, with our guests clapping and cheering. We broke apart, and Drew slipped the ring onto my left hand.

“C’mon, everyone!” Lance shouted. “Let’s party!”

The music grew louder, and everyone rose to their feet, waltzing around the Christmas tree. One of Drew and Saundra’s favorite singers, Shania Twain, started singing one of our favorite songs, “Forever and for Always.”

“What a perfect coincidence,” Drew said, holding me close. “I love you so much.”

“I love you too,” I replied, “and I can’t wait to spend forever with you.”

He brought me into another kiss, and everything around us - our festive Christmas spirit, the joy  of our family, and the blazing fire counteracting the raging blizzard - encapsulated everything we’d dreamt of having amid the prisons of our chaotic adolescences. All I knew was the lives Drew and I built that became one whole life was everything to me, and the happiness we’d fostered fulfilled our past struggles and set the stage for all the dreams we’d yet to dream. From toiling as confused and broken teenagers in Team Rocket to now becoming successful parents and committed lovers, the agonizing journeys we’d traveled to arrive at this refuge of peace worth every chaotic, difficult moment. Surrounded by family, being in Drew’s embrace, and melting when I saw my boys’ smiling faces, this Christmas would be the first of many glorious memories with our growing family as we built our empire that only destiny could write into existence. Whatever followed, with my family by my side, I could face anything.


