The Scorpion Series: We Can’t Keep Charlotte
Sherry Wood
Copyright 2013 Sherry Wood
Smashwords Edition








For Banny Jones and Joshua Basin 
          

  
















"…and you can't calm yourself down if you've never been soothed."

-G-Dog documentary. 











Part 1
Yacht Owner



Part 2
Puppy



Part 3
Tiny Passengers



Part 4
The Greater Wing of Sphenoid Bone



Part 5
Washing Ships Off Breakfast Trays






Part 1
Yacht Owner








1 
	Banny had to get a haircut. It wasn't his choice, it was Wendy's. Wendy was his current foster mom, and was rather obsessed with him. He didn't like the way she was always looking at him. Those weird, obsessive side-glances as she drove him into town.
	Banny was quiet. He was still taking things in that had happened a year ago. Everyone else: It was what's for dinner, it was let's go check out the new mall. 
	He could feel her eyes on him as she reached for the car's cigarette lighter and held it against her Dunhill until the tip lit up a crazy red. She popped the lighter back in its hole and immediately started talking.
	"I want it blonde too," she said about his hair, looking at him again as she blew out a trail of smoke. Banny didn't care. He buried his feelings and just went along with everything. He was sixteen now, but still carried the troubles of the last two years around with him. 
At a stoplight, she reached over and ran her hand over his messy hair then down his face. He felt warm and dirty, like leaves dying in rancid heat. He pushed his black locks out of his face and shot passive glares out of the window.
	"There's a handsome boy underneath there somewhere," she said, her voice hoarse from smoking so much. She leaned forward to get a better look at his face, cupping his chin in her fingers. He slowly averted his black eyes in her direction. 
	"Are those contacts? Why are your eyes black?" she wondered.
	He just stared at her. She assumed they were contacts - some gothic accessory. But if they were just some accessory, they were more creepy than cheesy. This morning his eyes were a soft brown, so the solid black was quite a change.   
	"The light's green," Banny said without having to look at it. She didn't care, and continued to stare at him. The bump in his cheek where he had surgery was barely noticeable now, and he was getting used to his crooked nose. But his hair felt like a security blanket, hiding his handsome but flawed face. The idea of cutting it scared him more than he'd ever let on.
	"I want you to smile for me," she said. "You're too handsome to sulk all the time."
	He smiled, but it was on queue and very cold. She ran her hand through his hair one more time, her fingers getting caught in the curly tangles. For someone who didn't approve of his moptop, she sure loved playing with it.  
The woman in the car behind them started honking her horn and yelling and Wendy finally proceeded towards the mall. A nightmare. A nightmare was being stuck in a hot car  on a Sunday on the way to the mall where neon lights burned and everything smelled plastic, Banny thought grimly. He would call his counselor back at the boys home soon - whatever that deal was he wanted to make, that would get Banny the heck out of the south, he was willing to do.
	Banny chewed on his tongue, something he did a lot to deal with his anger, in the meantime.
	"Phil's been savin up for a goddamn boat," Wendy complained as they passed a slew of Fast Food restaurants. There were parts of Alexandria, Louisiana, where Banny lived now, that were gorgeous and scenic. This street was not one of them, but just a few miles south from all of this junk was the Red River and the OK Allen Bridge and a bunch of old shipyards Banny liked to crash in. When he was at Abundant Life Academy, the boys home he was sent to after his dad killed himself, he would sneak off and hang out in the shipyards and watch the seagulls. At night, he'd curl up in an abandoned boat that was the perfect size for his shape, and listen to the water thump against rotten boards, and he would find himself capable of actually sleeping without having to worry about one of the punks from the boys home stealing something or taunting him. He missed going out there but he couldn't go now with Wendy documenting his every move. 
	"A boat," Wendy scuffed. "Like he can actually steer it - he's so fat he'll probably cause it to sink." Whenever Wendy spoke of Phil, it was with great disdain. Phil never spoke of Wendy. Phil was her husband. He didn't have much to do with Banny either. Banny might as well have been a houseplant she brought home and placed in the corner, and in this same sort of requiem, Phil was allergic to plants. 
Wendy had picked Banny out like a puppy, practically pointing at him and saying, "That one." 
Banny was to spend the summer with them. They didn't have any other kids. Wendy wanted kids but Phil seemed happy with his life the way it was. For now, Wendy got what she wanted and Phil would continue to work and ignore it all. They would have him for a while and then he would probably end up somewhere else. No one had to worry about where but him. 
"Now you on the other hand," Wendy went on. "Besides that hair and those muscles, how much do you weigh?" Wendy looked over at him.
	"I don't know," he said, lackadaisical. Banny was in good shape because there was a gym at the boys home and he spent a lot of time there trying to come off as tough and strong to make up for his height. His arms were very muscular now, with nice hilly biceps. While he just looked skinny, his chest was actually very rigid. Wendy glanced over at him again. 
"Hey Wendy?" he asked, changing his tone to a light suggestive one. Now that he knew how much she liked him he thought  maybe, just maybe… 
	"Yeah babe?" she checked the rearview mirror and switched lanes. 
	"You think I could get a guitar?" he gave her an eager-to-please look, trying to keep his tone light and airy. She was quiet.
	"Let's not have this discussion now,” she eventually responded. “We have it every day, don't we?" Banny gave in and looked back out of the window. He felt everything in the world change when she pulled into the parking lot of Kross Waters Shopping Center. 
	Banny wondered how long it would take for someone in his new situation to say something interesting, so he would actually feel the fire to respond. He looked over at Wendy. She was thirty-eight. Time hadn't been kind to her. It had chewed her up like a mutant rat. She tried, but no makeup in the world could cover her blotchy face. She colored her hair every two weeks with cheap dye from the drugstore and it left it unhealthy and dry. She was just done for, really, like a painting that had been dropped in dirty bathwater. 
	Banny looked around as she parked. The shopping center was huge and had a couple of amusement rides in the back - a carousel and waterslide that was temporary shut down because some kid died coming down the slide a few months back. Now the 20-foot slide dropped onto dry concrete. There was a Hard Rock Café and a Starbucks neighboring the mall and an IMAX Theatre inside the mall.
	Banny looked over at Wendy as she slowly unbuckled her seatbelt. 	
 	"Remember what I told you about me?" she paused to look at him. "Why I finally got a good home - I was in your shoes. But I straightened up. No one wants some bad boy who does drugs, just like no one wanted a teenage girl with pink hair who listened to Nine Inch Nails and liked to slash up her toes with her fingernail file. They want a nice child, someone who won't cause a lot of problems. Someone who doesn't do drugs and play that crazy rock and roll."
	"I don't do drugs," he stated. "And I'm a teenager - if a teenager isn't causing problems then something is wrong." 
	"You want to go back to Abundant Life Academy?" she suddenly said, her tone changing altogether. "Or do you want to spend the summer on a boat, having nice dinners, going on trips? Phil is talking about getting a lake house since he's getting a boat." Banny didn't say anything because he honestly didn't know. Wendy didn't seem to understand that both situations were shitty and awkward for him, but that he had adapted to his life at Abundant Life Academy - he knew what to expect from the boys there. He didn't know what to expect from Wendy, and Phil wouldn't even look at him. "I realize you're sixteen," she went on. "And that you are going through exceptional things, but I'm trying to help." She reached over and straightened out a black lock of his hair. "First we cut this, and then we take those contacts out."  
	Banny was quiet. One of those things might happen, but the other would not – it was impossible. He looked at her, defiant. She opened the door and a few seconds later, he followed. It was another scorcher today. Banny could practically feel the burning pavement through his converse sneakers. He felt the material bomb about to blow when Wendy reached for the entrance door to the mall. 
	"Would it kill you to tie your shoes?" Wendy muttered as she held the door open for him. 
	"Yes," he answered, blunt. All at once, some strange Hall and Oats remix and the swishing sound of the gigantic waterfall surrounded him. Men looked sedated as they hung out on benches waiting while their families shopped. Teenage girls chewed gum and stared wide-eyed into every store they passed like there was something catastrophic occurring instead of just racks of clothing. There was a universal oblivion to anything occurring outside in the world. 
	Wendy was headed straight for the salon, which was at the end of the mall on the second floor, but Banny stopped and leaned against a wall surrounding plants and a statue of a little boy peeing. There were stores he wanted to go to - Guitar Center, Spencers, Tower Records, and he wanted to obsess over the band he wanted to start. He wanted someone to talk to about these things, too. Back at the home, he had a friend named Charles - a tall, gaunt, freakish looking guy who had a growth disorder. He developed a beard at the age of twelve and everyone made fun of him for it, but he was actually a very gentle person. Charles told Banny he wanted to play bass in a band. They would talk about music a lot. Before that, Banny had a friend named Pall that lived on his street in New Orleans. Banny also had Basset and a girlfriend. But all of that was over now. Now he just had Wendy. 
	"What's going on?" Wendy asked, getting short with him again when he simply stopped walking.  
	He glared at her. There was such a severity about him, the way his eyes just seemed empty. 
	"You've got to take those ridiculous contacts out,” she blasted. 
	He smiled mischievously and waited a minute, as if to let her drown in her own stupidity. "They're not contacts," he finally informed her.
	"Your eyes just turn black?" 
	He shrugged. "Ever since I was a kid." He waited for a minute and then added, "I have an intense amount of melanin." She just stared at him. "You know what that is?" He got a thrill from how idiotic she was. She thought she was helping him out, giving him a home to live, a nice bed to sleep in, but he spent a lot of time explaining things to her because also at the boys home was a library and he spent a lot of time reading. "It's a brown pigment that usually develops in the eye over time." He shrugged. "I have a lot of it. Then…my pupils have shrunk because I read a lot in the home, and when you focus on close objects, your pupils shrink."
	She just stared at him like she didn't understand anything he said. "Anyway, they're not contacts, they're my eyes, and in about an hour they'll probably be golden brown again or whatever…if I’m relaxed." He looked around, wondering how he could stop this. "I really don't want to cut my hair," he said. "It hides my cheek," he rubbed it where there was a lump from that devastating injury he suffered at the hands of his father.
	"Oh sweetheart," she took his hand in hers. "You can hardly see it. I just wanna clean you up a bit." He just kept staring at her like nothing was computing. She might as well have been talking to a painting.  
	"I need a guitar," he said, growing stubborn again. 
	She sighed, giving up for the moment and looking into an obnoxious ice cream shop called Disco Ice Cream.
	"Hey, you want some ice cream? Huh?" She tried to change the subject, running her hand over his hair again. He kept his eyes on the floor. He had on tight black jeans with numerous rips in them and a Misfits shirt. That was all going to change soon. Wendy would see to it. She was going to buy him new clothes and try and make him preppy. "Ice cream can cheer anyone up - even you."
	Banny shook his head. He could still see his dad's bloody, mangled face and blood all over the walls. A shotgun on the floor. The pig was gone. A ringing in his ear, as if he'd been the one to pull the trigger. Flies. The aftermath of a storm. And the feeling of not knowing where he was going to end up. It really was like falling into a dark, endless pit. He only hoped people felt the same way when they looked into his eyes. 
	"Baby…" Wendy tried to get through to him. "Okay, well I want strawberry, so I'll be back."
Banny stayed where he was, collecting curious stares from girls and leery glances from their mothers. There was no one like him in Alexandria. He just oozed trouble. His slightly flawed, handsomely structured face, the crazy hair, the black, rebellious eyes. Those clothes. He gave his signature one-sided grin, scheming up something. He just needed to call his counselor. There were terrible things Wendy wanted to do, but there were also terrible things Wendy didn't know. 
	He stared over at Disco Ice Cream. The name said it all - there was a giant disco ball hanging over pink and red booths and a huge selection of ice cream in a display case that stretched from one end of the shop to the other. Bored, underpaid workers stood behind it in ridiculous uniforms that matched the décor. There was a huge jukebox in the back, the one thing that attracted Banny. He looked away and placed his eyes on a little, innocent blonde girl waiting outside P.F. Changs. She eyed him with caution and looked back inside the Chinese restaurant for her mother. It was a little after noon, and the line stretched around a giant bubblegum machine. She didn't see her mother, so she was either in the restroom or at the front of the line. The girl turned and saw Banny was suddenly standing right in front of her. 
	"Hello," he smiled. She stared at his clothes. He appeared to be the absolute opposite of good. He looked like a teenager but there was also something about him that seemed ageless. 
	"Hi," she said, low and hush. 
	"I can't decide who's having a more exciting day," he told her. "You or me?"
	"You," she guessed, smiling a little, catching on to his sarcasm. He smelled strange – like meat and dirt. She looked back up at him, at his Adams apple. No boy at her school had one of those yet.
	"Why do you think it's me?" he asked. His voice was deeper than any boy she knew too.
	"Because you look…exciting…seem exciting," she swayed nervously and her voice was very timid.
	"Yeah?" he glanced into the ice cream shop. "See that kooze with the fake tan and bad hair?" he pointed to Wendy and spoke very brash. 
	"Yeah," the girl looked back down at the floor for a minute. "Is she your mom?" she asked, slowly bringing her eyes up to him. What she saw was darkness - dark hair, dark eyes. 
	"No, she's my…driver. Cook. Anyway, she's making me cut my hair."
	"That sucks." She looked up at him. "You have cool hair."
	"Thanks."
	"Its exciting too." She looked straight down at the ground after saying that as if embarrassed, trying not to let her mouth flare up in a silly smile. 
	"What's your name?" he asked her. 
	"Karen," she said, this time without lifting her eyes to look up at him.
	"You like ice cream?" Banny asked. She kept her eyes on the floor, remaining bashful as she nodded. 
"What flavor?"
	"Chocolate," she said. 
	"Okay," he winked at her even though she wasn’t looking at him. "I'll get you some chocolate." Banny walked into the freezing ice cream shop and the girl picked her head up and smiled as she stood there alone and new shoppers poured into the mall. She glanced back into the restaurant - still no sign of her mother.
	"There you are," Wendy said, expressing slight disdain. "Why is there this delay with you today? You keep stalling out. You have a hair appointment in five minutes."
	"No you have one, you made it," he shot back before looking at the cashier and continuing to speak abrasively. "Can I get some chocolate ice cream." He ignored Wendy altogether. He rolled his eyes moodily when she looked at him. 
	"Okay," she sighed. "Ice cream and then we really have to go."  
	Banny reached out for the ice cream and simply walked out and back to Karen, who was standing in the same exact place, looking lost as ever.
	"Here you go." He handed it to her and smiled. 
	"Thanks." She licked it hungrily. It was the best ice cream she had ever tasted. 
	"Where's your mom?" he asked her. The ringing in his ear was happening again, where the bat had hit. He touched his cheek, rubbing it a little. It hurt. He couldn't remember what the nurse said - something about the bone being called a wing. 
	"In there," Karen looked back into the restaurant. 
	"I don't like Chinese food," Banny said.
	"Me neither." 
	Banny looked over his shoulder to see what Wendy was doing. She was dropping her wallet back into her bag. Banny looked back at the girl. 
	"Do you have a good memory?" he asked her.
	"I don't know," she shrugged. 
	"Would you want to remember me?" he asked. After a minute, her mouth reshaped into a smile and she nodded but was too shy to look up at him. 
	"Then memorize this numbah," he talked fast and tough and she found it thrilling. Then he spat out his phone number and she tried hard to remember it. "And enjoy that fuggin ice cream," he said before walking off.

2
	"Well you sure ate that fast," Wendy said of the ice cream as they made their way to the salon. Banny just smirked.
	"Guess I was hungry," he said. He saw the bright salon at the end of the mall, all yellow like the sun. Banny knew he was going to hate his haircut. He looked over at Wendy, feeling mischievous. 
	"So are you going to get your haircut too?" he snickered. 
	"I don't know…? Should I?" she invested a lot in Banny's opinion, which was odd considering Banny was a sixteen year-old boy. 
	"What would Phil think?" he chuckled. There was something very likable about him, but it would shut down suddenly and he would be nothing but a bad mood.
	"Nothing, if I shaved my head he probably wouldn't notice."
	Banny had an endearing laugh. It hurt when he smiled because of his surgery though. 
	"Then you should do it, shave your head."  He ran his hand along the side of his face like it would soothe the pain. It never did. 
	"How is your injury?" she asked him.
	"Okay…might need more painkillers though."
	"We'll get you some," she said with great certainty. "After the haircut." She put her arm around him and for a brief minute, she felt like his mom. Banny didn't pull away.
	"We could see a movie," she suggested, glancing down at him. "Make a day out of it - hell, Phil is out making googly eyes at boats all afternoon."
	Banny laughed again. After a minute he revealed, "I never been to an IMAX before."
	"Oh well we have to go!" she said. "Anything you wanna see?" she said, placing her hand on his head again. He slowly steered his black eyes to the theatre. It looked so nice and dark in there, a quick escape from everything. He didn't see any movies that interested him though. 
	"Before Sunset?" Wendy suggested. 
	"No." Banny shot that down quickly before looking inside the salon, which was the opposite of the movie theater - it was bright, and smelled of all sorts of chemicals. The temperature was all over the place because of hot air coming from blow dryers, while the AC was full blast. Fashion magazines were placed out in the waiting area. The Look Of Tomorrow, the name of the salon, was plastered on the wall in the form of banners. Everyone getting their haircut was facing a mirror with that uncertain expression as barbers cut away like machines, years of hair falling around their clients feet. 
	"I don't know," Banny said, completely worried as he stood near the entrance, looking down at the parents with their children running around, not wanting to have to be still for an hour in a chair to get their haircut. It was rowdy and bright. 
	"Oh honey," Wendy touched his face and ran her hand through his hair. "I have a vision - this is going to be great." 
	"Hi," a woman in a white pantsuit and nice tan approached them. "I'm Celeste." Celeste made eyes with Banny and noticed the bump in his cheekbone. "Are you Banny?"
	"Yes, he is," Wendy answered, placing her hand on the lower of his back. Celeste was constantly smiling, showing off her pearly white teeth and dimple in her left cheek. She was attractive for an older woman. Banny studied her nice tanned skin, the nice jewelry on her hand. His mouth looked like it might give way to a shy smile but he held back. 
	"Ready?" Celeste asked. Banny didn't answer. 
	"He is," Wendy said. 

3
	"I have a son your age," Celeste said, looking in the mirror at their reflections as Banny sat in the black chair that was too far off the ground so his feet didn't touch it. Her hands gently pressed on either side of Banny's head as she tried to get a vision of what he would look like post-cut. .
	"Oh yeah?" Banny's response was rather forced and lackluster, something Celeste was very used to. His voice was surprisingly deep for a teenager’s.
	"Yeah, I do," she smiled. "He doesn't like getting haircuts either - and he doesn't have to pay," she said.
	"I don't either," Banny said. "But I don't want this, it’s all her idea." Banny wasn't about to hide his disgust as he nodded over at Wendy.
	"Your moms?" Celeste guessed. She smelled nice, every so often Banny got a whiff of her perfume.
	"She's not my mom," he said as fast as he could. "She's just a foster parent." 
	Celeste finally stopped smiling. Sadness was all over her face. She didn't know what to say.  
 	"So in a few months, I'll be back at the fucking boys home with this stupid haircut and she's going to throw all my clothes away too – buyin me some bullshit Abercrombie shit so I'll get my ass kicked because I'll look like some yacht fag and no one will give a shit."
	Celeste was further thrown by Banny's banter. It took her a minute to feel her feet    on the ground. Waves of hate just radiated off the boy. 
 	"Maybe this will work out," she managed to say after a long minute, combing his hair, which was completely tangled from winds and him not bothering to care for it. "With your foster home - or do you not want it to?" She waited for him to answer, looking at his reflection in the mirror. She'd never seen a boy with such intense, beautiful eyes. They had a slant to them, like black paint spilling down sideways across his face. 
	"I want the past to work out," he eventually said. "I want a fucking guitar." 
	"My son has a guitar," she smiled. She thought if he knew his anger and choice of words didn't get to her, he'd calm down. 
	"Oh yeah?" he glanced up at her.
	"Yup."
	"I don't even want a family anymore, I just wanna be eighteen. Wanting things can be a waste of time." Celeste noted the frown on his face. Her heart hurt for him when he said this. Banny was actually opening up. Celeste seemed nice. And she didn't look at him the way Wendy did. She looked at him with concern, wanting to figure out solutions. She was not a wasp in his hair.  
	"My son says the same thing, just wait until I'm eighteen," Celeste said as she sprayed his hair with a bottle of water. Banny eyed himself. "What is funny is…once you get older you want to be younger. At least I do," she chuckled. "And when you're younger, you wanna be older!"'
	"See, it's a waste of time - wanting. Shit happens, you can't stop it." He had a cute, crooked smile on his face. "Hey, you seen any good movies lately? She wants to take me to see one but…"
	"Sideways," Celeste suggested, with a twinkle in her eye and the prettiest, hopeful smile. "Its so funny, saw it the other day with my friend."
	"Oh yeah?" Banny watched her. He had a strong gaze that made her a little nervous.
	"Yes."
	"What's it about?" he enjoyed talking to her. 
	"Well, these two men go up to a wine vineyard and kind of…let go of their problems and drink wine and meet fascinating women but the problem is they're in denial of the state of their lives."
	"Oh, so like old people problems."
	"I wouldn't call them old!" Celeste couldn’t help but laugh at his fast-as-a-whip response.  
	"Okay," he smiled rather apologetically, wondering if he'd offended her. 
	"It's funny," she gave him a bright, positive smile. He could tell she wasn’t easily offended and that turned him on – left many doors open for great conversation.
	"I'd see it with you," he winked.
	She gave a little smile and went back to focusing on his hair. "My son wouldn't see it with me - he likes all those superhero movies." She sighed, feeling like she could open up to him too. "I'll be honest with you - I'm divorced. I stopped believing in superheroes when I was twelve. I would love to go to wine country and just feel a nice buzz, the sun on my shoulders. I don’t have time to really sunbathe, I always have a pair of scissors in my hand…” she tossed his hair back and forth. It was great fun to play with. “Anyway, all of my friends are married and successful and tonight I have to go to this party and look at all their flashy rings but you know what? I'm not jealous. I do what I want."
	This drew a sincere crack of a smile from Banny. "Rock on," he approved. She smiled. The way he nodded like he was about to head bang, the way he bit his lip, they were all a preview of the sexy guy he would soon become. 
	“You remind me of someone,” she said, about to start cutting.
	“Who?” he looked at her reflection in the mirror, giving her his full attention.
	“Adam Horovitz.” 
	“The Beastie Boy?” he smiled big. 
	“Yeah,” she smiled back. “Used to run home and watch their videos after school, you look like him back then.”
	“Thanks. You look better than anyone in the world pretty.”
 	She giggled. That was quite a compliment. “Well thank you, sweetheart.” Her smile lit up the place. 
	"I like you," she pointed at his reflection with a comb. "Yeah, you're gonna be alright." She put her hands on his shoulders for a minute and noticed how strong his arms were. 
 	"Listen," she kneeled down to speak to him privately. "You're going to be handsome no matter what, you're going to be you, no matter what. And one day you will be able to call the shots. So…why don't you tell me what you like about your hair, and I'll try and keep as much character as I can."
	Banny really appreciated that, so much so that he looked like he was going to cry. He brought his eyes back up and studied his reflection. That day came back to him hard, like the bat that took him down. The sound of his cheekbone cracking and the horrible pain that whipped up from his gum all the way to behind his eye. He cried in agony and clawed at the floor like he was trying to dig a hole for himself. The sun was too bright that day, like it would fall to the earth and burn everything, and the disappointment was that it never did. It just went away and came back and kept burning for itself. Burn again for yourself through another day, burn and fade away. 
	"I have a…" he started to go into detail about his disfigurement but decided not to. Besides, the music was a little loud and he certainly didn't want to raise his voice about such things. "I like my hair, I'd like to keep it thick if you can, but she wants it short - and blonde." He shook his head, pissed as he looked at the floor. "I don't know why," he shrugged. "She thinks its gonna change me - she's so demented."
	Celeste studied him, carefully choosing her words. 
	"My son's blonde," Celeste said. She grinned, "Sometimes it shows, know what I mean?"
	Banny smiled a little. "Like what you mean?" he asked.
	"The other day we were in this café and there was this huge mirror against the wall, and he goes ‘look mom, the back of the café is just like the front."
	Banny laughed hard at that, even slapping his knee. His cheek started to hurt but he almost didn't care.
	“That’s funny,” he said, his voice a bit hoarse from smoking. 
	"I'll keep it thick on top, shave it on the sides, it'll look cool," Celeste promised. "And I want go too blonde - maybe a dirty blonde," she said, running her fingers through his curls. "How's that?" 
	Banny smiled. "Yeah, okay." 
	"I'll keep it dark here," she ran her hands along the sides of his head above his ears. "That way when it grows out, it'll be easier to get it back to how it is now."
	"I really…appreciate that." He let her know by looking up at her. There was something about him, she couldn't look right into his eyes. 
	“This job is all about compromise – parents want something, their son or daughter want something else. Gotta find a middle line. I do my best to keep everyone happy." She picked up her scissors and kept talking. "I went to school down in Florida, for cosmetology, and you'd never believe how much work goes into it, just getting kids in here that have to go along with what their parents want. It's sad really, but then there's something cool that happens, and that is that a lot of the time, kids love what they end up with, they feel like a different person - you don't always want to go through life feeling like the same person all the time. A change now and then? It's a good thing."
	"Yeah…" Banny looked around the salon, feeling some weird cheap high. "Hey, can I ask you something?" His eyes darted back to him and her in the mirror.
	"Sure, darlin'." He was quiet for a few minutes as clumps of his cherished hair fell all around on to the floor. It will grow back, he kept telling himself.  
	"You like…believe in destiny? Like we're meant to live a certain life and shit, or you think it’s all up to us?"
	She played with his hair, not sure how to answer. "Well…I think our life is a reflection of our choices, but I do think we can be anything we want - do anything we want."
	"Cause see, I'm gonna start a band, called Abandon Life Academy, I already wrote a song."
	"Oh? What's it called?"
	"Slam It In." The words shot out of his mouth in a remorseless, proud response. Celeste grew quiet again. He was eyeing her and she kept her mind on his hair as best she could.
	"So what's the first thing you're going to do when you turn eighteen?" she asked, hoping it didn't sound as trite as it felt.
	"Buy a guitar," he said, spitting the words out like they were fire burning his tongue. "Abandon Life Academy - because the name of the boys home I was sent to, after my old man blew his head off, is called Abundant Life Academy - how stupid is that? It's a home for kids no one wants, they ain't foolin nobody."
	Celeste took a minute to gather everything he just told her. She remained calm.
	"Perhaps…they wanted to try and make you feel hopeful. Don't you feel any hope?"
	"No." It took him no time to say that. It took Celeste a minute to go on talking. 
	"Its not you," she said. He wasn't sure if she meant the dumb haircut or what. "Your parents…whatever happened, had to do with them - they couldn't handle life, they didn't…know how, it had nothing to do with you. I'm sorry that such agony has fallen on your shoulders. But you keep thinking about that guitar, okay?" Time seemed to lapse. She felt the heaviness of his eyes as they were placed on her. She wished he would say something. It was almost like the words didn't register. Sometimes he was there, sometimes he wasn't.  
 	"My son, Gabe, loves to play guitar," she went on. "I think once you start this band, it'll be good for you - you'll have something that drives you. All of these experiences – take them out on guitar strings. Write songs about them, meet girls." She stopped for a second and smiled gingerly. “You will meet tons of girls.” 
	"So you don't mind?" Banny asked.
	"Mind what, sweetie?"
	Banny wasn't used to being called things like "sweetie." He was quiet for a minute.
	"Don't mind that your son plays guitar," he said.
	"No, having interests is very important, it shapes who you are - it influences your entire future."
	"Wendy - the woman who's making me get my haircut, thinks playing a guitar will make me look like a bad kid."
	"Well I don't think so, who's your favorite musician?"
	"Fuck man, I don't know." Celeste was somewhat put off by Banny's cursing. The words just carelessly flew from his mouth. "So many, in Abundant Life Academy we'd like take turns listening to the radio, and I liked that one song by Prince - Batdance."
	Celeste smiled as she continued to cut his hair. She knew the song very well.
	"Oh I got a live one here!" Banny mocked the beginning of the song amusingly perfect. "Get the funk up!" he went on. Celeste laughed. Banny was funny - and charming. "I'd say that a lot around the home and kids would laugh,” he went on, glowing from her attentiveness. “I say it to Wendy and she looks at me like I got roaches crawlin outta my eyes." 
	Celeste looked over at Wendy. She was flipping through a magazine too fast to read the articles. Her eyes were wide and unpleasant. She looked displeased.
	Celeste lowered her voice as she paused from cutting his hair. "Some people don't have a sense of humor." She kept his eyes on his reflection the whole time, even when she was placing the comb down for the scissors. Banny knew he had Celeste's undivided attention and went with it.
	"Twenty-two positions and a one night stand," he sang with a cute little suggestive smirk, "Get up…" Celeste just blushed and tried to focus on cutting his hair but he kept right on singing. "Strip your dress down like I was strippin' a Peter Paul's Almond Joy, lemme show you, baby, I'm a talented boy…"
	"Okay." Celeste cleared her throat and Banny, after a minute of showing off his sexy smirk, fell back into a state of hazardous silence. He actually had a nice singing voice - deep, sexy.
	"I think that's a different song…" she said after a long minute, clearing her throat. "Then the one from before. Yeah?"
	"It is a different song," he said, looking up at her. She refused to look at him once again. Banny was too handsome for his age and too aggressive sometimes. It didn't matter what she did to his hair, it would change nothing about either of those things. 
	He glanced up in the mirror and, though he wasn't thrilled, he was relieved because it didn't look as terrible as he imagined. It was thick on top and blonde. He looked like a surfer kid, but his eyes still belonged to the Devil. Celeste noticed the difference between his right cheek and his left. She looked like she was about to say something but held back. She ran her hand through his hair, playing with it for a minute - she couldn't help herself. After a minute, she stopped and patted him on the shoulder before taking her hands and placing them in a cuffed position behind her back. 
	"What do you think?" she asked.
	"I can live with it," he said. He was dying to get out of the big, goofy chair and move around. 
	"Hey thanks," he quickly spoke, swinging his hand out so it hit her shoulder in a pat that actually felt more like a hit. She didn't want him to just walk away. She felt a strange attachment to him.
	"Hey…" she followed him. He turned around and looked at her. His frown was intimidating. It was almost like everything they'd discussed had no effect on him.
	"I want you to remember something…" she knew her coworker was watching her, wondering why she didn't just take his money and move on to the next client. "Nothing ever became anything by giving up on it." She waited and looked at him. He looked down at the floor and swallowed so his Adams apple moved. He looked like he wanted to respond but wasn't sure how. "The second you believe in something, it exists." She started to feel silly, like she was reading dumb sayings off Hallmark cards. "I hope you get that guitar," she finally said. That wasn't really what she wanted to say. He looked at her and nodded. She looked over at her coworker who was giving Celeste a funny look. Celeste walked over to Banny and handed him her business card. 
	"You wanna go see that movie sometime?" she asked. "I'll take you - I'll get my son to go with us. I think you two would get along."
	"Yeah," Banny put on a crooked grin. "Okay cool." 
	Wendy closed her magazine and looked up at them, displeased. 
	"Seventy-five dollahs," Banny told Wendy, practically boasting now, before walking by her and on out to the mall in a cute swagger. Wendy took her Visa card out and handed it to Celeste without saying a word. Banny looked at Celeste’s card before slipping it into the back pocket of his pants. 

4
	"I don't know who you think you are, or what stunt you're trying to pull, but…" Wendy shook her head as wind blew her hair around and she lit another cigarette. She apparently wasn't happy with Banny's hair and Banny could barely contain his amusement. 
	"What did you think of Celeste? She was nice, huh?" He said this just to egg her on. Wendy gave him an evil are, like she might even slap him. 
	"You think this is funny? All the money I just spent on you - and to think I was going to take you to a movie."
	"Oh yeah, Before Sunset, or Before I fall the fuck to sleep."
	"You watch your mouth!" she warned. "I'll take you right back where you came from."
	"You can' t do  that," he said. He wasn't referring to the boys home. He wasn't really sure what he meant by that statement.
	Things calmed down for a minute. The sky was thickening with dark clouds and Banny’s eyes were black and his new hairdo was being blown from one side to the other in a weird curly fro. 
Wendy and Phil lived in a cute green house on a quiet street called Tamble Street. Two huge trees in the front yard nearly kept it out of eye's view. Nothing remotely exciting happened on Tamble Street. It was so sleepy. There was no rebel appeal. People never seemed to come out of their houses except at dusk, to maybe have a cookout, play marbles or look for a missing dog. 
	"Its okay," Wendy eventually said, responding to her own thoughts, apparently. "I can fix it, but what a waste of money." She shook her head. "I got you some new clothes while I was waiting for you to get that…haircut,” she said, disgusted. “You can try them on later, let me see how you look in them.” 
	Banny said absolutely nothing. Wendy didn’t like when he was quiet either. She glanced over at him, just addled. 
“Your hair looks nothing like what I told her to do. You must have talked her out of it. God, endless work you are…" she shook her head and turned on Tamble. Banny's cheek hurt. He leaned forward and massaged it a little. Why couldn't people just leave him the hell alone? The state, the home for boys, why the fuck couldn't they all just kill themselves like his old man? No one loved him, they kicked him around like a rock. He belonged nowhere. 
	He steered his heated eyes over to her but didn't say anything. Her right ear starting itching and she rubbed it. Now it was burning. It continued to irritate her until Banny looked away.  
	"I look like a gay surfer boy I thought that was what you want," he said, words shooting out like darts. He went back to staring out of the window. She shook her head. 
	"No, and I saw you flirting with her, you probably coaxed her into giving you that…whatever it is."
	"Not all women flirt with teenage boys." He rolled his eyes. "I like it," he said. He tried to calm down. "It's blonde," he said, somewhat calmer. "Doesn't that make you happy?" he felt ill as they pulled into the driveway. 
	"Yes, but its not complete. Don't worry, I'll fix it." She got out of the car and he stayed there, almost wishing it would blow up like in a stupid soap opera, when something crazy finally happened after a long hour of unnecessary drama. 
	Banny got out of the car and followed Wendy into the house. There were people in the kitchen he didn't recognize, all staring at him with intense curiosity. They were Wendy’s sisters or friends. The blubbery, bewildered men standing around them were their bored husbands. 
	"Is this him?" a middle-aged woman asked, holding out a spoonful of potato salad in front of her mouth. She was fat with short brown hair and too much makeup. 
Banny stared at the table, which was covered with enough food to feed the whole town. Giant spoons stuck out of huge bowls of potato salad, cranberry sauce, creamed corn and a dozen round Chinaware dishes stuffed with starchiness. 
	"Did someone die?" Banny asked. "Why's there so much fuggin food?" His way of speaking was humorous and drew a chuckle from Gigi, the best looking (but still unattractive) woman in the room. Wendy burned with angst when he cursed in front of everyone. She pressed her hand against his arm and pushed him towards the wall where the landline was. 
	"I want to see you in the bathroom," she told him, trying to hold in her anger. Everyone watched, some with their hand above a bowl of chips. 
	"I need to call my counselor," he said, refusing to look at her. He looked over at the window instead. In the boys home, Banny had a counselor named Chris. It was quite sudden how he replaced the last one, Eugene, who was a friendly but lazy guy who didn't seem to care much about the welfare of the kids. Chris was different. He seemed like he had a plan, at least for Banny. One time, Chris even asked Banny if he saw himself in a big city and Banny excitedly replied that he could handle it. New York? He wouldn't be opposed. Chris seemed like he had a supernatural kind of power that could change a person's fait - even Banny's. Banny had no idea why, but Chris would call him into his office on occasion just to talk. One day, Chris even shared his expensive scotch with him. 
	"Okay," Wendy said, using her stern voice. "But when you're done with your call, we need to talk."
	"Wendy," Rhonda, the pudgy woman with too much makeup on, came over to them. She stared right at Banny in quite an intrusive manner. "You need to introduce us." She had that worn-out aunt look going on. She tried to stuff her body into white pants and a ruffled purple blouse that wouldn't be flattering on anyone. Banny took her in. She had a smudge of foundation on her white pants and a few grey hairs that harsh lighting loved to point out. What's your name?" Rhonda asked.
	"Banny," he muttered. He didn't want to be here. He'd rather be back at the salon. He wondered what Celeste was doing right now. 
	"What now?" Rhonda asked. She looked at Wendy and placed her hand on her chest as if this was overwhelming. "He speaks so soft." 
	"Banny," he said again, practically yelling. Banny was tired of saying his name. he said it to social workers, to “promising foster parents” to kids at the home who either forced him to so they could say it while sticking his head in the toilet, or on occasion, because they wanted to be his friend. But it got so tiring. Banny, Banny, Banny. My name is Banny Jones.
He glanced up at Rhonda and Rhonda seemed to pull back. If she had a shell, she would have drawn back into it. 
	"How do you spell it?" she asked after a minute. 
	"I-t," he joked. She didn't get his wit. 
	"Oh I don't understand," she said, flustered. 
	"Rhonda," Wendy's sharp voice cut in. "He's being rude," she turned her eye on Banny. "Go make your call," Wendy ordered. Banny turned and ran up the stairs. 
	"Well," Rhonda said, walking over to the fridge. "You certainly have your hands full."
	"I almost don't know what I was thinking,” Wendy complained as she followed Rhonda over to the fridge. “We just went there and he looked so sad, and I said, oh Phil, we should take him." 
	"How old is he?" Rhonda asked, reviewing the packed fridge. 
	"Sixteen."
	"Oh, well don't expect any gratitude there," Rhonda waved a hand. "Boys his age only care about one thing - their dicks," she said under her breath, reaching back to touch the hot skin on the back of her neck. "Their dicks are like snakes constantly looking for a rabbit hole."
	"Rhonda!" Gigi called out from the table, laughing witchy at everything. 
	"Oh its true and everyone knows it," Rhonda said. "I don't know why you would want a teenage boy in the house - my friend Tammy, she's fed up with her sons, she would have given you one of hers!"
	Everyone at the table laughed except Wendy, who seemed as dry as fire and straw. Wendy waited for the laughter to subside. She was clearly not amused by any of this. 
	"I took him to the mall – to Kross Waters – to get his miserable hair cut, and he managed to talk the salon girl into giving him that," she nodded as if he were standing behind her. "He has this way about him already, thinks he can get his way. I don't know."
	"He's very good looking," Rhonda said, as if she hadn't heard Wendy. Wendy was feeling more and more frustrated by the second. "He just needs some discipline," Rhonda said. 
	Wendy's eyes tightened and she seemed to drift away into some deep, dark thought. Rhonda opened the fridge.
	"Anyway, I have something that's gonna cheer you up," Rhonda let her know, placing her hand on Wendy’s arm, which Wendy didn’t seem to feel. Rhonda took out a bottle of rosé and hailed it in the air, knowing Wendy would be happy. 
	"Went ahead and got two," Rhonda said. "Because I figured we'd need it."
	"Give me that," Wendy said, very tense and snatching it out of Rhonda's hand. Rhonda glanced at her hand where Wendy had scratched her, the skin swelling up and a few ruby drops of blood surfacing. She held back from saying anything about it and opened the freezer.
	"Hang on," she told Wendy who was already fetching a glass. "I chilled some glasses." Rhonda’s voice sounded a bit restrained. There were things she wanted to ask Wendy but didn’t. Instead, she placed the glasses down and pressed her the scratch on her hand against the chilled stem for relief.  She passed a worried glance to Gigi, who only shrugged. Rhonda looked back at Wendy. 
	"Hon, have you gone off your medication?" Rhonda finally asked Wendy. It had been the elephant in the room, the wolf in the car, the pregnant monster dancing around the table. 
	"Yes, was giving me nightmares," Wendy muttered, eager to drink. Gigi came over to fetch her glass and took a sip as Wendy tossed hers back as if it were a shot of whiskey. Gigi watched Wendy refill her glass already.
	“Maybe we should have gotten three bottles,” Gigi muttered. 

5 
	Where Saints Collide was the name of the restaurant where Heather, Celeste's longtime friend, was having her pre-bachelorette party. Celeste didn't know why a pre-party party was necessary. Heather just needed that much attention, she guessed. Celeste parked and stared at herself in the mirror for a minute, and waited for this weird day to crawl off her shoulder and into the moist earth. 
	It had been a long day, and something about Banny just stamped it with color and meaning. Gabe was restless lately, and didn’t want to talk to Celeste for even a second. It was strange, but when boys who reminded her of her son – and all that longing she had to connect with Gabe – sat in that chair to get their hair cut, it presented Celeste with an opportunity to make up for what she was lacking with her own son.
	She turned and gazed inside When Saints Collide. None of her friends had children of their own yet. Celeste couldn’t possibly run in there and share how she was feeling today with them. She checked her face in the mirror. Too tanned, she thought of herself. Her hair had nice highlights – her hair was always perfect. These days she preferred to wear subtle lip-gloss as opposed to those deep red shades she always used to go for when she was married. It was her way of trying to get her husband's attention. Now that she was divorced, she didn't try as hard. She was in good shape because the gym’s staff at Kross Waters gave her free membership in exchange for free cuts. Celeste was thirty-six but could easily pass for twenty-seven. Everyone waiting for her in Saints Collide were twenty-seven or younger.
	She could see Heather and all of her glamorous friends sitting at a huge table by the window. They broke out in festive laughter and sipped their cocktails. Celeste thought about walking out and going home, but it would just be lonely there. Heather was getting married for the first time. Celeste was divorced. Heather just got her first post-graduation job as editor in chief at a popular fashion magazine, The Trade. Celeste was a bit bored with her job, but she was good at. Her customers always smiled at the end of their haircut. None of them smirked the way he did though. 
	Celeste looked up and realized the bartender was staring at her, waiting for her to order.
	"Oh just…Wolf Tooth Ale please," she ordered. She glanced at the back of the bar, which was more laid back than the front. In the back, there was a jukebox with a cool selection of music, a pool table and comfy leather sofas. There was a huge chandelier aglow red bulbs hanging from the ceiling. It was half-romantic and half-rock-n-roll and she wished she was headed back there with a cute guy instead of going over to Heather's friends, who were all younger than her and glowed with youthful excitement. Celeste met Heather at the salon, Heather actually trained her. It was during a very trying time in Celeste’s life, when nothing felt right – no step she took or breath. Nothing tasted right. Her husband had died. She had a son to raise, and a much younger woman named Heather to take orders from. None of these things were Heather’s fault though, and eventually Celeste softened up to her and they started going out to movies and shopping together. Heather had money – her family had money and so forth. Heather had a nice car and nice, expensive toiletries filled her bathroom. She had a hot tub in her home. Her young, strappy boyfriend built a deck out back. 
	Oh stop, you're not that old, she told herself. She hovered by the table for a minute, waiting to be noticed. A blonde girl, obviously drunk, placed her sleepy eyes on Celeste.
	"Hey," the girl said, and Celeste prepared to say hello back as the girl held her empty cocktail glass up in the air. "Can I get another cosmo please, thanks." The blonde looked back at Heather and pretended to be listening to whatever she was saying.  
	"I'm Celeste," Celeste said, awkwardly loud even though they hadn't heard her. Just go home, you don't even want to be here. Celeste started to walk away when Heather called out to her.
	"Oh! Celeste!" Heather waved and struggled to get out of the booth, where she was the third one in. Her friends reluctantly placed their drinks down and moved to let her out. Celeste went back with her beer, placing it down on the edge of the table to catch an overzealous, drunken hug from Heather. Celeste noticed that she was the only one in the bench drinking beer instead of some fruity concoction. 
	"Celeste," Heather locked her long, skinny arms around Celeste too long and dragged out the words “How” “Are” “You” so they could have had a full conversation in the same amount of time. 
	“Fine,” Celeste said, once the hug finally ended. Some of Heather’s long black hair stretched out in strands from where it was stuck to Celeste from the hug. Celeste just wanted to sit down and drink her beer. That was all.  
Heather moved away, ran her thumb under her nose (probably because she had a cocaine problem which became apparent during one of her first nights out with Celeste) and then Heather’s elbow quickly and carelessly bumped Celeste’s beer off the table so the glass broke into four big chunks on the floor.  
	"Oh no!" Heather's reaction was almost as unnerving as the incident itself. 
	"Oh man," the blonde girl started laughing. Celeste calmly picked up the pieces of glass and placed them in the dustpan the waiter had brought over. 
	"Thanks," the waiter muttered.
	“Sorry,” Celeste said back. 
	"Oh…” Heather’s eyes were wide and her mouth was open but couldn’t think of anything to say. Finally she said, “Well, shit.” Then she simply slid back into the booth so she had friends stationed on either side of her and Celeste was left standing awkwardly at the table again as the waiter mopped around her feet.

	"Have a seat," Heather pointed to the tiny space at the end of the leather booth. She didn't want to be next to the blonde who confused her for the waitress, but there was no other option. She sat awkwardly on the very end of it so she was facing the dining room and had her back to Heather and her friends. She heard the drunk blonde girl snort. 
	"You look funny," the girl said.
	“You do too,” Celeste muttered.  
	"Awe, Celeste," Heather cooed. "You want to sit on my lap?" 
	"No, its okay. Actually, I think I'll go back to the bar," Celeste said. 
	"Oh, good idea! I'm sorry I spilled your drink," Heather said. The blonde laughed at that too. Celeste wanted something to happen, for the sky to collapse, for it to rain martians, just something to distract her from this discomfort. She looked down and saw Heather's hand was bleeding. She decided, for some reason, not to tell her. She pretended to be going to the bar, but once everyone looked away, she snuck out the front door.

6
Gabe got his name from his father, who died in a freak accident at work when Gabe was only six. He remembered how Celeste cried for a week. He remembered how various relatives would stop by with flowers and tell her, ever-so-calmly, “you’ve got to get yourself together…for him.” They never said, “For you.” 
Celeste was only twenty when she had Gabe. Gabe remembered many visits to his grandmother's house, and how Celeste got herself together enough to go back to school and "get a trade" in cutting hair. From then on, she was rather robotic in her work ethic. Every day she wore nice clothes without a single wrinkle or stain, her hair was perfect, her fingernails, her tan acquired at the tanning salon right next to The Look of Tomorrow. Everyone in the general area knew Celeste, everyone who worked at Kross Waters gave her discounts when they could – at the grocery store, the movie theatre, everywhere. They knew she was a single mom and immediately sympathized. Celeste was tired of sympathy and Gabe was tired of being a closeted gay. He just wasn’t sure, either, why he was expected to come out and have be such an epic event. Why did have to be anything at all?
Gabe was pretty close to his mom, but he was seventeen and anxious to get away from her and go to college. Gabe had gotten both his father’s good looks and his mother’s soft, brown eyes. The collaboration left him very sultry looking. He had a lazy appeal and a sexual allure. He had a rather wide, flat nose and eyes that were always engaging, like a tiger's. He read a lot of books and magazines, and the naughty ones he kept hidden under the bed. 
	He heard Celeste come home and glanced at the clock. She was back early. Gabe supposed her pre-bachelorette gathering didn’t go so well, then again Celeste wasn’t the Chatty Cathy type and probably just got bored. He flipped through a Playgirl, hoping she wouldn't intrude. He opened the magazine to the page where a boy with dark hair was standing against a building busied with graffiti. The boy was Jonathon Mayes, lead singer of the post-punk band Silk Ties. Jonathon snarled at the camera and flaunted tight leather pants that hugged his bulging penis so he could see the outline of it perfectly. He had a daring yet suggestive look in his eyes. Gabe felt anxious blood stir in his penis, filling itself up. That moment had arrived when nothing else in the world mattered but coming. He unzipped his shorts and lied down on his stomach and gazed down at Jonathon. He wrapped his hand around his cock and imagined Jonathon under him instead of this glossy portrait of him. Gabe imagined him tied to his bed, his dick as full as Gabe’s was, helpless to whatever Gabe wanted to do to him.   
Gabe eyed himself in the mirror. He was gorgeous. Plenty of girls had told him he had the perfect body and innocent smile to boot, but he didn't care for them. He only cared for the worst, most wayward boys. He shut his eyes and got a nice, firm grip on his dick and started jerking hard right when the door flew open. Celeste snapped out of her funk suddenly when she saw what her son was doing and quickly slammed the door and stood on the other side, completely embarrassed.  
"I'm sorry!" she called out awkwardly. Stupid. How could you burst into his room like that without knocking? She should have known better than to walk in unannounced on her teenage son like that. "I thought you were asleep!"     
	"Then why the hell would you come into my room?!" Gabe shouted back. Celeste shook her head. She thought to say many things but just whispered that she was sorry and went off to her room. She took her jeans off and put on a comfy oversized t-shirt. It was Gabe's shirt, but he never wore it. The name of the band he liked, Thursday, was written across the chest. It was also her day off, so she wore it to remind herself of that one special day. 
	She lied down across her bed and started to fall asleep when she heard her phone go off from a text. Her hand hopped around for it in the bed. It was Heather:
Oh my god, where did you go?   
	Celeste frowned at her screen. What should she say? She thought about it only for a minute.
My son - I'll explain later. Sorry.
	She hit send and turned her phone off. She had to be at the salon at ten tomorrow morning and wasn't that thrilled about another long day of work. Then of course she'd see her son and there would be strangeness after tonight's horrific incident. 
	She turned over in her bed and waited for sleep. She wasn't tired – at least if she had gotten drunk at that lame party, she could have easily passed out.

7
	Banny heard the knocking on the door but hoped whoever it was would just leave. He'd been in the bathroom assembling a joint. Rolling papers drizzled with chunks of pot were still on the dryer. He needed the fattest joint he could make. He wanted nothing more than to get stoned. 	
"Occupied!" he shouted when they knocked again. 
	"Banny?" Wendy called out. "Let me in, I need to finish your hair, its driving me nuts."
	"I just shaved it all off," he joked, wanting to send her off the rails. He kept his laughter in and tried to be serious.  
 	"You did not!" she gasped. 
	"My eyebrows too," he said, keeping the same dry tone, laughing to himself once he got the words out.
	"Banny, I really hope you're joking."
	"I'm not," his tone was flat, deadpan. "That's why I don't want to come out. It looks bad, Wendy." He managed to sound full of dread. He licked the paper and looked down at the fat joint. Later, after all the adults went to bed, he'd sneak down for some munchies. Lord knows there was enough.
	"Oh Banny…oh my god…" Wendy was hysterical even though she hadn’t seen him yet. It didn’t take much to get under her skin.
"Yeah," Banny played along. "I don't know what I was thinking. I know this dude though…that tattoos faces - he can do my eyebrows. Maybe he can just tattoo my scalp black so it looks like I have hair." He was getting really giggly now, slapping a hand over his mouth to keep it contained. He looked in the mirror at himself. He still hated his hair. He never ever wanted to be blonde - ever. "I could get a wig," he went on. "A wig and tattooed eyebrows." It was so much fun to mess with Wendy. Even though at night, the hate was all over the place like shadows. 
	"Banny…oh my god…" She tried to open the door, wiggling the doorknob even though it was locked.
	“You let me in – this is my house!” she yelled. Banny just laughed. He waited a few minutes, keeping her in panic, before he opened the door. And there he was, his thick awkwardly blonde hair in tact along with his eyebrows. His eyes were back to a nice golden brown. Wendy's fluster turned to agitation and she slapped Banny so hard and fast he didn't even see her hand lift before she hit him. And she hit him on the bad side of his face. He stepped back as the pain came flooding back. He kept his hand over his face, waiting for the sharp aches to subside. 
	"You bitch…" he moaned, still holding his hand to his face.
	"What is wrong with you! We change our life around for you and this is how you behave?! I have guests!" 
	Banny had never been so hurt. He was just having fun - but apparently his fun wasn't funny here. He started crying, which made him hate himself. He never cried, he knew better than that. He taught himself back at Abundant Life that crying would just get him beat up - or worse. He sat down on the toilet and angrily wiped his tears away. Wendy watched him. She'd never seen him cry before. Finally, she thought. She saw this as her chance to gain control. 
	"Oh don't cry," she said, touching him on his shoulder. "Don't cry, baby." She knelt down and ran her hand through his hair. His crying was just uncontrollable, it came from deep inside, something just burst. All those years of pain with his father, and how much he missed Veronica. His friends. Everything suddenly ached - the air was like glass.
	"Shh," she said. "Shush now." She pulled on the roll of toilet paper and ripped some off to dry his face. He moved her wrist away and gave her a cruel stare, his eyes were black again.
	"How did you…why are your eyes black now?"
	"Why did you pick me?" he asked. She tried to dry his face again but he grabbed her wrist and held it in a painful grip. 
	"Owe!" she tried to pull away but he wouldn't let go. He proved to be immensely strong. Most of it was pure anger. "You're hurting me."
	"And you pretend you don't like it," he sneered. "You don't think I don't know how this goes by now? My life is practically scripted." 
	She stared at him for another minute, helplessly struggling as his fingers entrapped her wrists. Something in her face softened, she was about to stop pretending. He felt very sick inside, he felt the universe shift, take a nosedive into another dark chapter of his life. He shut his eyes as Wendy leaned into him. She took his scent in. His hair smelled like bark and dirty, warm windows. She leaned in and kissed him on his forehead and put her hand on his knee. 
	"I picked you…because I wanted you." She kissed him again on the side of his face where she'd slapped him, and her hand moved up to his crotch. "Oh, Banny…" she whispered, feeling very aroused. "You have no idea how long its been…"
	He started to cry again but he made it stop. He capped the part of him inside where the tears just exploded and it turned to a silent rage instead. It would come out years down the road, like a storm, twisters, endless doom.
	He pulled away for a minute and she put her other hand on the back of his neck.
	"Shush now," she flashed an ugly, twisted smile. Banny had been through this before, but it was always slightly different. Some women were very apologetic and just asked him to touch them or for him to get naked and let them take pictures. He knew with Wendy, it was going to be much worse.
	"You want to keep your hair?" she asked. After a minute of terrible silence, in which he envisioned stepping out of his body and running the hell away, he nodded. 
	Wendy ran her hand through it. It was still a thick, soft mess. She flicked her tongue across his lips and he tried not to wince. He really wanted to vomit. He was absolutely still. He didn't move or blink. It didn't even look like he was breathing. 
	"What else do you want?" she asked, her hand on his dick. "Hmm? You want a guitar?" she asked next. A part of him immediately detached itself from the situation. That part would be waiting for him when he turned eighteen and this was all over, that part would be strong, together, that part would take over.  
	"Hmm, sweet boy?" she leaned in and kissed him. He still didn't move. She pulled on his hair so hard it hurt. He still didn't move. 
	"Touch my breasts, sweetheart," she requested. He would rather touch anything, anything else in the world, than her saggy breasts. He lifted a stiff hand and placed it on her left breast and she let out a moan despite his stoic touch. 
	She kissed him on the mouth again and he parted his lips a little. He liked the fact that he turned women on, especially older women. Though he wasn't attracted to Wendy whatsoever. He knew he had to go with this or go back to the home. He didn't know which was worse. He just didn't know. 
	He felt her hand on his dick, desperately trying to get him hard.
	"Come on baby," she urged, running her hand over his balls. Her moves were sloppy, frustrated. She scratched him and he grabbed her wrists in another firm hold. He stared her down and she winced because he was hurting her so much. He stood up and was hard because he got a thrill from being aggressive. He brought her to her feet and pushed her against the dryer, letting her go so she just fell backwards. He felt like he was falling down a deep, dark hole.
	"Oh, you're bad," she winked. "I knew it."
	Another wave of nausea ran through him. He felt like hitting her all over. He just stood there for a minute. His eyes had never been blacker. He walked over to her and grabbed her pussy with one hand and pulled on her hair with the other and just stared at her. She, meanwhile, made all sorts of sounds and moved around against his hand.  
	 
	"That's it," she said, eyes closed. "Take it, whether I want to give it or not." 
	"Turn the fuck around," he ordered. This would go better if he didn't have to look at her face. She pressed her body against the dryer and spread her legs like she was being strip-searched. 
	"Touch me all over," she said, dying for any sort of affection.
	"I'll do it the way I wanna do it," he let her know. She loved the way he talked. Banny didn't sound southern - he just sounded tough and rotten. 
Wendy looked out at the enormous grapefruit tree that always scratched the dirty window during a storm. She was incredibly wet. Banny shut his eyes and pictured her instead. Her with her gentle curves, that soft, demure look in her eyes always. That long soft brown hair. She was so harmless, so innocent. And he wanted her so much and life took her away. Veronica. 
	It was hard to pretend Wendy was Veronica, you had to take off about twenty-five years, you had to change the heart and soul. You had to replace dead eyes with the soft, soothing eyes of a sweetheart country girl. But thinking about Veronica was the only way he was going to get through this. 
	"Why aren't you do…" Wendy stopped her complaining when she felt Banny fill her up. He slammed it inside of her and she fell over the dryer, shocked by his girth. He was thick and long and wasn't even halfway in her before he pulled out and went all the way in this time.
	"Oh my god…oh Jesus…I knew…I knew it…I knew you were big." she pressed her hot cheek against the cool, hard surface of the Kenmore dryer and shut her eyes. He was hurting her, beating her up with hard thrusts, pulling her hair. He wished he could pulverize her until she turned to dust. He pulled out a little and thrust back inside of her. She let out a huge gasp and fell forward. The power of him was astonishing. It was hard to believe he was just sixteen. He had something inside of him that was much older and angrier. He fucked like an animal hurling itself against the cage, trying to get out.
	"Mmmph…haaaah….fuck…" Wendy was waving her hand behind her, trying to push him off. She needed a break. He was really hurting her, but soon she started to enjoy herself and her body trembled with a huge, unexpected orgasm. He wasn't finished. She shut her eyes and clawed at the dryer as he continued to deliver hard, quick thrusts.  "Oh my god…oh my god…Ban…Banny!"
	He put his hand on the back of her head to keep her face down on the dryer and kept going, so hard the dryer was thumping against the wall. 
	"Mmm…huuuhhh….mmphm…" Wendy was just a machine of stupid sounds, a machine about to break into pieces. "Ban…Banny…"
	"Is that what you want?" he taunted her as he kept going. "That what you want?" he spoke through gritted teeth. He shut his eyes. No, you're not here, you're on Gentilly Farm, and she's there in a white housedress, laughing lazily at your jokes. She is so innocent and is waiting for you to kiss her...touch her…Veronica. Everything is new and harmless like a day at dawn…Veronica. 
	The dryer thumped faster and faster and then in one loud bang when Banny came.
	‘No!" Wendy hollered and pushed him off. "Did you come in me?!" she went over to the sink in a panic. Banny leaned against the wall, dizzy. What just happened was too crazy to fathom. 
	"Shit!" Wendy turned the water on in the faucet and tried to get his spill out of her. He just stared at her with crazy discontentment before looking away at the window. "You're disgusting," she hissed. "Boys are disgusting."
	Banny pulled his pants up and was about to walk out when someone knocked on the door. 
	"Wendy?" Rhonda called out. "You okay in there?"
	"Yeah," Gigi, who must have been right behind her, chuckled. "Ya fall in?" Gigi asked.  Banny shook his head, wondering why this had to be his life. Wendy grabbed him and pulled him towards the shower. 
	"Get in there," she whispered. Banny stepped over the tub and Wendy yanked the shower curtain so he was hidden behind it. 
	"Wendy - what are you doing?" Rhonda asked.
	"Nothing! Bathroom business," she said. Gigi continued to chuckle immaturely. She threw a towel into the dryer and turned the dryer on. She heard the shower water turn on and pulled the curtain back.
	"Why are you taking a shower?" she lectured.
	“Because I’m in the shower,” he said, deadpan. "Just want to get clean," he muttered. She reached over and turned the water off. He glared at her and slowly looked over at the door.
	"You want me to say something? Or do you wanna go open the fuggin door already?" he hassled. Wendy pulled the shower curtain closed and sprayed a little perfume to try and get rid of the smell. She took a few minutes to fill her body with deep breaths before opening the door. Gigi was standing right behind Rhonda, hovering over her shoulder to see in the bathroom.
	Rhonda turned her head a little to the left and eyed Wendy suspiciously. "You okay?"
	“Yes." Wendy tried to sound normal. 
	"Your hair is a mess!" Gigi said.
	"I'm not feeling well," Wendy admitted.
	“What’s the matter?” Rhonda asked. 
	“I don’t know…” Wendy tried to think of something convincing to say. “Maybe the drive earlier – the heat.”
	“Your house is air conditioned,” Gigi giggled. “Maybe not the bathroom – quite stuffy in here.”
	“I’ll be out soon,” Wendy practically slammed the door in their faces.

8
 	"Its going to take a great person to calm him down and gain his trust, and I think that's you," Rhonda told Wendy later in the kitchen. Her body was sore and her ears were ringing.
"Oh look - Phil's back," Rhonda pointed at the window. Wendy looked outside and saw the boat attached to his truck. It was a nice distraction from everything that had happened. Go with the normal.
 	"The boat!" She ran out to get a further look. It was bigger than she imagined - and had a little pool built inside and enough room to sunbathe. 
	"Phil!" She jumped up and down joyously. He'd actually done something right.  Phil flashed a proud but humble smile as he stood back and looked at his new baby. 
	"She loves the water, babe. Took her out today - she just - it fits. Sometimes in life, something doesn't feel like it’s supposed to be where it is, things feel misplaced, put out, but this…matches. I'm calling her Lauren."
	Wendy looked shattered with emotion all of the sudden. At first she thought, a boat? A boat named after their would-be daughter who died at childbirth? Phil looked so proud though, he had that proud papa glimmer in his eye as he stared at the boat. He didn't look at Wendy once, he just stared at the boat majestically. She wished he would look at her that way, and they could share a quick glance letting each other know they were okay with the same thing.
	"Weather's looking great tomorrow," he finally gave a side-glance at Wendy. "So…let's have dinner and get everyone in bed early - I want an early start. We’ll take Lauran out across the Red River, to that cute little Italian place for dinner." There was finally life in Phil's voice again. His cheeks were rosy and Wendy was sure he'd been drinking. 
	“This boat looks expensive,” Wendy said. Wendy's whole body hurt from the sex. Her chest had been bruised against the dryer, and her vagina felt bruised too. 
	"Well yeah,” Phil chuckled. “It’s a yacht! Come check it out!" Phil urged excitedly as he walked onto the boat. Wendy was certain now that Phil was drunk. He was sunburned and drunk. Wine and sun had turned his face beet-red. 
	"Here," Phil held his hand out for her. "I'll help you up."
	"I got it," she coldly swiped. She didn’t want anyone or anything touching her sore chest. She felt like she’d been attacked by an animal. 
"Phil…I thought you were just going to get a little boat…this is…this…"
	"It's a yacht,” he said, trying to hold onto his joyful mood. “I figure if you’re going to get something, get something. Go big,” he smiled back at her. “Damn it, Wendy, I pay all the Phils, I work all the time, let me have something for myself.” He could feel his good mood shredding, and this upset him, therefore further shredding it.  
	Wendy was quiet, she’d stopped badgering him for the moment, but she still wasn’t supportive. She walked around, following Phil to the steps to go to the lower level. 
	“Wait til ya see – I just don’t think you have any idea what kind of investment this is,” he said, still managing to sound hopeful. 
They stood around in the trailer-park sized living quarters. It was furnished with long white leather sofas, a washer and dryer, and little kitchenette. 
	Phil couldn't stop smiling. He held his hands out, waiting for Wendy's thoughts. 
	"What do you think?" he asked. 
	"How much was this?" she asked, holding back from yelling but the anger was still evident. 
	"Oh," he waved a hand, refusing to discuss it. "It’s my money - you got the boy, I got a boat."
	"Yeah, and the boy is expensive too.” Wendy sat down on the small but extremely comfy leather sofa. The furniture all looked so cute, like it belonged in a dollhouse. She would never admit it, but she did really like it. “I got his hair cut today and it was about eighty dollars. And if you think he said thanks, you think the sky is pink."
	Phil shook his head and looked around. 
	“Let’s just enjoy what we have for a change, instead of worrying about consequence. Hey – check this out,” he eagerly walked into the little kitchenette and opened the mini-fridge. He pulled out a bottle of champagne and Wendy listlessly watched as he filled two flutes with the bubbly stuff. 
	“Please don’t ask me how much this was,” he said, still smiling even though he was starting to feel tired. She watched as he walked over to her. Phil had gained a lot of weight since they got married, so had Wendy, but not as much. Phil sat next to Wendy and glanced at her chubby legs. Wendy was really something back in her day – fire – not to be messed with. She rebelled and skipped school and went to concerts and ended up in a reform school. She was pretty until the anger took hold and wouldn’t let go. Then she wouldn’t let it go. Now it was just two monsters dancing on the dance floor. She and anger.
 	Wendy stared at the Yacht Owner magazine on the coffee table as Phil put his hand on her leg in a poor attempt to ignite an old flame. Wendy’s face widened into a yawn, and it was the only time she didn’t look angry – when her face was stretched out to such a proportion.
	“I’m so tired all of the sudden.” She stood up and offered Phil a measly smile. 
	“You don’t want the champagne?” he asked. It was obvious he was hurt by her rejection, but not surprised. 
	“Oh, Phil, it’s so late – and you just said you want to get up early tomorrow.” She walked over to the fridge and poured the champagne into the bottle. “For tomorrow,” she smiled at him before leaving the yacht in the backyard.

9
	Banny could hear voices coming up through the vent - mostly drunk, middle-aged women talking about yesteryear, vacations in their twenties, how their bodies used to look. "You remember?" Gigi laughed. "I had the best ass."
	Banny shut his eyes and turned so he was facing the wall. He thought about running away, where he could go and hide until he turned eighteen and no longer belonged to the state of Louisiana. To Wendy. To anything or anyone. It was funny how no one wanted him but at the same time, kept him imprisoned. Nothing made sense. His hand curled into a tight fist and he punched the wall. Insane pain shot up through his knuckles and to deal with it, he kicked the wall, which was a better idea since he still had shoes on. Punching the pillow probably would have been a better idea that the wall, but it didn't feel quite as warranted. 
He cried hot angry tears and wiped them away so aggressively, it left red marks on his cheeks. He would wait until they all fell asleep, pigs in a blanket, and then he would get up and make his phone call. He just hoped by then it wouldn't be too late, and she would answer. He needed her voice. It would soothe him. Just thinking about her, that one day they had lunch together, calmed him down. The way she kept looking at him that day, like she wanted to know what he was all about. Everyone else looked at him like they were trying to figure out how to change him. He almost hit the wall again.


Part 2
Puppy
  




10
Banny picked the condom up from the ground in one swift move and kept walking. It was one of those stray, unused condoms that somehow found its way from a free bowl of them in a club and ended up falling out of a drunken hand around 3 am. It was his now. He picked it up so fast no one even noticed. Banny was a little short and with his black hair, that on a hot day like this was more or less an afro, he looked a bit like a caricature of himself. Everyone knew Banny Jones. He was a good looking kid from a bad home, he walked fast, smiled a cute, sexy grin no matter how hard his life was, and had one thing on his mind typical of a boy his age - girls. 
He rounded the corner and made his way through the Warehouse District where Basset was DJing tonight. Banny possessed that certain walk and look because he knew he'd have the bouncer, Cook, to deal with, and he was getting defensive already.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Cook threw his hand out when Banny tried to strut right by him and into the club. Cook sported an arrogant grin and muscles bigger than Banny's head. 
"Awe, come on dude, you know I'm eighteen," Banny hassled. "You know I'm eighteen, bro," he swung his hand around, full of pompous energy. 
"Oh, did I step into a time machine? Is it the future?" Cook joked.	
"Yeah," Banny just said, looking around.
"No, Banny, go home." Cook shook his head and checked the ID of the person behind him. 
"You go home," Banny snapped. "You don't think I can't drink at home or anywhere else?"
"Yeah, so go home," Cook said.  
"Oh come on!" Banny threw a hand up. "Half the people in there ain't eighteen." Banny aggressively swung his hand into the ancient building that now harbored modern beats and young twenty-somethings eager to detach themselves from the day’s obligations.
"Yeah, but they do favors for me - what have you ever done? Plus, you gotta have a shirt on."
	"Awe, come on, Cook, its fuggin a million degrees and shit."
	"BJ, if it was a million degrees neither of us would be standing here right now."
	Banny rolled his eyes and slipped his shirt over his rail thin figure. He put on a cute smile and wiggled his eyebrows as he pulled the shirt down because scrawled across it in giant, obnoxious black writing was I'M EIGHTEEN.  
	"You ain't funny, Banny. I still can't let you in, I'm just doin my job."
	"I JUST PUT THE SHIRT ON!" Banny fussed. Cook just laughed at his antics as Basset came up the steps. 
	"Yo Banny," Basset smiled his charming grin and looked at Cook.
	"This nigga acting crazy won't let me in," Banny ranted, all amped up.
	"Hey, Cook, he's my friend, come on," Basset had a way with gentle persuasion. 
	"He always acts rowdy," Cook said, shaking his head and looking off. "I can't have that tonight," he muttered. "Wife just had another damn titty-sucker, I can't have that, I need my job. Got my damn mouths to feed than a swamp full of crocodiles, I can’t have it."
	"He won't act up tonight," Basset promised. "At least not here, I'll keep an eye on him." Cook looked at Basset. Cook had a lot of respect for Basset. He came in, did his job as a DJ, and never caused any problems. Cook looked at Banny, whom he felt completely different about. 
	"Look atchu, man," Cook picked. "You so dirty a cloud of dust hangs over you like a damn halo." 
	"I'm dirty ‘cos I'm old, I'm eighteen," Banny swatted. 
	"You at least get a fake ID that ain't some Puerto Rican kid missing an eye?" Cook questioned, cocking an eyebrow. 
	"Yo, check it," Banny happily gloated as he took his ID out. His Velcro wallet made enough noise to wake the dead when he opened it. He flashed an ID of a kid that looked nothing like him except that he had dark hair and brown eyes. 
Cook rolled his eyes. 
	"The face is all wrong, dawg." 
	"Ain't no one cute as me," Banny just said. "So…"
Cook looked at Basset and pointed a finger at Banny.
	"He's your responsibility - he gets in trouble tonight I don't wanna see either of you here ever again, understand?"
	"Yeah dude, totally," Basset was very grateful. 
	"Yeah thanks," Banny quickly said before dashing into the club. He wanted to get away before Cook changed his mind. 

11
	Republic was not like any other club. It was built in 1852 by a family who owned a plantation nearby. It had been used as a warehouse used to store produce near the Mississippi River. Despite the glamorous, enormous chandeliers and plush velvet couches, it still had that hardworking man vibe embedded in it. The fog machines couldn't hide the sweat coated into the walls, and beneath the thumping music you could practically hear the ghost whimpers of hard time work that occurred decades ago.
	"Yo," Basset caught up with Banny easily. If there was anyone that could keep up with Banny's quick, street-tough strut, it was Basset. Only Basset seemed to do it effortlessly. Basset was very good looking. While Banny was cute in a boyish way, Basset had a beautiful face - thick lips, soft brown eyes, and the smoothest caramel-toned skin. He dressed very nice in designer jeans and nice jewelry. Besides clothes, he spent his money on DJ equipment and loaned some to Banny when he could. 
	"Yo," Banny leaned over Basset's DJ booth. "She here?"
	"Who?" Basset was busy looking through his records.
	"Veronica," Banny said, like who else lived on the planet? 
	Basset laughed through his teeth. 
	"What?" Banny fussed.
	"Banny," Basset shook his head. "That girl ain't comin to this, you livin in a dream world. I mean," Basset licked his thick lips. "You crazy? You really think some farm girl is gonna come out to this thing? Ain't even no one here." 
	"I'm here - put on some good music, some punk." Banny reviewed Basset's selection. 
	"No Banny," Basset grinned. 
	"Why the fuck not? Iggy Pop, put on Iggy Pop."
	"I told you I mainly do hip-hop – quit crowdin." Basset shooed him away for a minute. Banny honestly seemed hurt. He got over it after a minute and sported the biggest, cockiest smirk. 
	"Yo, I found a condom on the ground today."
	"Yo, that's disgustin!" Basset hollered, elegantly holding a record between the palms of his hands. 
	"Unused - da fuck you think I am?" Banny pulled it out and showed it to Basset while he smiled boastfully. “It’s probably too small, one of them cheap ones, I usually wear Magnums.”
	“None of this is stuff I wanna know,” Basset muttered, focusing on placing the record down. 
	"Yo, put on some Iggy." Banny was relentless.
	"I already told you, ain't happenin." Basset tried not to laugh but Banny could be quite amusing. He had no idea how funny he was either. Basset reviewed Banny's hair and noticed there was a leaf in it and then the laughter just came and wouldn't stop. 
	"Yo, what?" Banny made a face as Basset reached out to pull the leaf from his hair.
	"You just got something in your hair, dude, chill out." Basset laughed. "You ever bathe?" 
	"I fell climbin’ out the window. Yo, you got money?" he asked Basset.
	"Nah, not ‘til Friday." 
	"Why you dj'ing on a Tuesday?" Banny fussed. 
	"Cause, just, you know," Basset shrugged, trying not to get discouraged. He looked up at Banny and wondered when he bathed last. "I gotta get a fucking reputation, I gotta get, you know, fans, and if the bar knows people will come see me, they will book me on a Friday night and I'll make money, but right now," he shrugged.
	"Wait ‘til fuggin Mardi Gras," Banny said, throwing a hand out to touch Basset's chest. "Wait til all the tits are out and shit and everyone's drunk any night of the week, smug ass tourists and I'm takin their money," Banny said. "And I'm takin my girl out with it."
	"Why? You ain’t need no money to go cow tippin," Basset joked, holding his fist in front of his mouth and laughing. 
	"She's nice, sweet," Banny got all gushy. 
	"How you know? Like, you don't even know her that well." Basset started bobbing his head to some Beastie Boys. 
	"She's always nice to me at the diner," Banny said.
	"Uh, yeah, that's her job, she's a waitress." Banny tried not to smile too big. "I have such a crush." 
	"Awwww," Basset laughed and reached over to pinch Banny's cheek. Banny was repulsed by the show of affection and wiped his cheek with his hand like it he had something on it. "Yo get outta here with that shit," Banny fussed. "Don't you get free beer for DJ'ing?" he asked over the aggressively loud Lookin’ Down The Barrel of a Gun.
	"Yeah right," Basset grumbled. "You know where the top starts?" Basset asked.
	"What's this a riddle?" Banny quipped.
	"The bottom." 
	"The ass," Banny smiled, in his own world. "I want that girl, son, you gotta start djing on a Friday, and I bet she'd come."
	"How, on a horse and wagon?" Basset laughed. "She don't have a car, you don't have a car. So go find Laura Ingalls then, you that obsessed. Let me do my thing."
"You should get a car too, and DJ on a Friday night. Look, I need a beer, I'll just 
say I'll start a tab," Banny started to walk off.
"No, you gotta behave yourself tonight," Basset said. "I can't lose this gig."
"Why?" Banny smirked. "Cause your imaginary friends might stop 
dancin?" Banny strutted off and Basset shook his head. He loved Banny, but sometimes he was too much. Banny looked around the club. There were attractive women, but he wanted Veronica. After another minute or so of feeling discouraged, Banny took off out of the club, took his shirt on, and headed to the Quarter. 

12
	"I ain't got much to say…I don't like you anyway," Banny sang a song he was writing in his head as he made his way to the Warehouse District. "I just need a fuggin guitar," he announced to no one in particular. He had on his homemade I'M EIGHTEEN shirt again and leaned against a tree in a James Dean pose and took out a cigarette. He was standing outside of Lafitte's Blacksmith Bar where he could people-watch. Here, at this dark, historic bar, the vibe was sinister and the girls were pretty wasted. They started their evening all dolled up, but then they got drunk, fell down or started crying. At the end of the night, they ended up looking like that forgotten doll, Sally in a box, Sally in a basement. 
	He eyed some girls standing outside. One was a redhead, with creamy skin and red lips. She looked too fancy for Banny. She was having a tiff with the guy she was with, who didn't seem to be having any of her drama tonight. Banny watched as the redhead turned and placed her green eyes on him and he winked. She just looked away and back at her boyfriend, not fazed in the slightest.
	"Everyday it's like this," her boyfriend hollered. "With you - you think I'm stupid?" he said before walking off. “You’re so obviously insane, it should be in skywriting everyday.” After that, he turned and walked off. The redhead stood there for a minute, obviously surprised that he actually left her there. Banny looked down at her 6-inch heels, his eyes crawling up her legs to her face when she turned and looked at him.
	"You think I'm stupid?" Banny mocked her boyfriend as she slowly came over to him. What a mess, she thought, trying not to laugh at his shirt or his adorable smile.
"Look, I don't know what you did," he said as she came closer. She liked that he didn’t budge, and looked as hard and dirty as the tree he stood against. "But you look good enough for it to be okay." She looked back at him. 
	"How old are you?" she asked, amused. 
	"You can't read?" he said, holding his hands out so his fingers both pointed to his shirt. 
	"Yeah, I'm a big fan of fiction,” she snarled.
	"Okay then, this should work out," he winked.
	"You tell me how old you are and I might invite you back to my place," she said.
	"I'm nineteen," he joked.
	"Okay," she started to walk away. "I already have two boyfriends who lie, I don’t want another.”
	Banny ran after her. "Okay, I'm fifteen, and it sucks. I ain't stayin’ home just cause I'm too young to do anything else." 
	She looked at him. "I don't think you're too young to do some things," she said, her smile was bold and mischievous. Banny was already hooked. 
	"Where you live?" he asked. "A dollhouse?" he winked.
	"I live around the corner," she said, charmed by him. "My roommate's there - will that be a problem?"
	"If I'm with you, I got no problems." His swagger and charisma perfectly aligned, he walked right next to her, excited by the mysterious redhead and up for anything, literally.  
	 

13
	Banny watched her from the couch where he smoked a cigarette.
	"I've been dying to take these shoes off all night." The redhead reached down for one six-inch platform shoe and then removed the other. She tossed them rather temperamentally on the floor. 
	Banny's eyes fell down her long legs. "I don't see how you girls wear them things,” he said of her crazy shoes.
	"Different breed," she said. After placing her eyes on him, she couldn't look away. "Come here," she called for him. "But I want you to crawl…over." Immediately, Banny knew by her sudden change of tone that this wasn’t going to be an average night.
	He kept his eyes on her, tightening them like he wanted to squeeze her with them before he dropped to his knees on the burgundy carpet. He slowly placed his hands down on the carpet and looked up at her. The redhead, whose name had been left out of the night, was far from rich. Her carpet was stained and all of her furniture came from thrift stores with their own mysterious scrapes and dents. Everything smelled old and packed with memories.
	He crawled over to her and she placed her hand in his messy hair.
	"Good puppy," she smiled. She ran her hand down his face as her eyes reigned down over him. He was getting hard from the smell of her, and his snug black trousers didn't give his dick enough room to swell the way it wanted to. He stared up at her with a submissive gaze and took one hand and placed it on the back of her knee. Her skin was even softer than it looked.
	"Tell me what you want," he said in a low, restrained voice before leaning forward to kiss her inner thigh, smelling her sex even more. Slowly, very slowly, he ran his hand up the back of her leg. His touch was hypnotic - she wasn't counting on him being this good. Maybe he was really eighteen, she thought, because he certainly knew how to touch a girl, how to kiss too.
	She kept her eyes closed, falling deeper into a lustful state. She was very aroused; her vagina was burning up for his fingers, his mouth, his cock. 
	"Good puppy," she kept saying, trying to remain the one in control as his head went up her dress and her thigh continued to collect his sweet, soft kisses from his dry, warm lips. His hand slowly slid over her bottom. He almost slipped it across her pussy, which smelled so moist and aching to be touched, when she grabbed a handful of his hair to pull his head back.
	"No, you will wait," she let him know. "Must learn some patience. I'm a dog trainer - did I tell you that?" she smiled, coy. 
	"No, you ain't tell me shit. This night ain't about conversation." His words shot from his mouth in hotheaded banter. She was amazed by his sudden hostility. He looked back up at her after a minute, calming down. He gave her a somewhat apologetic expression because of his tone. His eyes were black and glassy with horniness. He was very hard and liked the way she was talking to him. 
	"Oh, he curses too," she grinned sharply. "Well..." she walked away and he started to move when she turned and pointed.
	"Stay!" she demanded. He dropped back to his hands and knees and stayed frozen in that position, his eyes sheepishly on her as she took a leash from her coffee table.
 	"I'm very good at my job - teaching wild, dirty animals how to behave themselves," she let him know, walking around him in a circle. "Take your pants off - leave your boxer shorts on,” she made sure to add. 
	How old was she? If he had to guess, he'd say twenty, twenty-one.
 	He did as he was told, gladly unzipping his pants to let his swollen cock slip out of the slit in his boxers. She glanced down at it, hungrily.  
	"Good puppy, now back on your hands and knees," she ordered. He willfully complied so his butt was in the air. She giggled a little before spanking him with the leash. 
	"Oh Jesus," he sighed. He liked this play. He'd never played like this before - it was usually your average foreplay stuff and then humdrum sex and he got off and went home. This was very exciting. 
	"Do it again, harder," he said.
	"I'll do what I want." The way she said that, dominant and confident, gave him such a thrill that he lifted a hand to touch his cock and she whipped him severely hard across the back of his legs, leaving vibrant red marks.
	"Paws down on the floor, you will not play with yourself without permission...got it?"
	"Yes." He stayed that way, his hands and knees on the carpet as she stood over him, the leash dangling from her hand. "Now, I know you can't teach an old doggy new tricks, but you're young, so..." she took the leash and wrapped it around his neck, pulling on it until he looked up at her.
	"I own you now, you'll be housebroken." He was so hard he shut his eyes and winced a little as she walked around behind him, pulling on the leash so it started choking him a little.  
 	"Let's break you in a little, teach you some manners - how to say please," she ran her hand through his thick hair. "How to respect a girl. How to...make her come."
	"I can make you come," he said, somewhat smug as he eyed her defiantly, breaking through the submissive state she thought she had him in. She cupped his chin in her hand, forcing him to look up at her.
	"Awe, I bet you can," she sarcastically cooed. "I bet you never even notice if she's enjoying herself, you're too enthralled in your own pleasure. Well tonight, you're going to have a nice, slow lesson in what to do. Okay, puppy?"
	He stared up at her, and there was an innocence to him still that was molded in his eyes, no matter how tough he tried to be. Suddenly, his inexperience was bleeding through. He was quiet and still as she fastened the leash around his neck and pulled at it.
	"Come boy," she called him like a dog so he was forced to crawl across the floor towards the hallway. 

14
	They entered Redhead's bedroom, which was more like a big closet because of its compact size and clothes just everywhere. It was hot and smelled like cigars. She pulled him along to the bed. 
	"Stay," she ordered, just as she would a dog. Banny obeyed, looking up at her bashfully. "Awe," she gave him baby-talk. "Does the puppy want a biscuit?" 
He actually started whining like a puppy. 
	"Mmm," she placed her hand in his hair and played with it. "Don't worry, I'll feed you," she said. He had no idea what that meant, she made it sound so dirty. 
	"I'm so hard," he had to let her know. She held her hand in front of his mouth. 
	"Lick my hand," she ordered. He stuck his tongue out and licked her palm. "That's it, good boy, don't stop until I say." He kept licking it harder and harder and tried to suck her fingers but she slapped him. She didn't slap him hard, but just the sudden stingy pat made him so hard he felt he'd explode if anything made the slightest contact with his dick. He stayed still and looked up at her, awaiting further instruction. While he mastered a submissive gaze, she could tell there was something immediately behind it like a bomb about to fly out into her face. She ran her hand through his hair, grabbing it to hold his head back. 
	"You will learn some patience, learn to take it slow," she said, her hand running through his hair, pulling on a strand of it for a minute before letting it go.
	"Yes…yes, ma'am, but can you please touch me?" he begged. "Please." He was so aroused it was like torture not having anything to put it against. 
	"Lick my hand again." She held her hand out, ignoring his request. He looked at it before sticking his tongue out and trailing it across her palm. "You have to learn who's in charge." He kept licking her hand and stared up at her, wishfully. 
	"Good puppy." She took her hand away. He watched as she kneeled down so she was on her knees too. 
	"Don't move, and don't touch me, do you understand?" She looked into his eyes, waiting for him to respond before she did anything.
	"Yes.”
	"Good boy." She messed with his hair again, pushing it out of his face. "Good puppy." He wanted to kiss her neck, to smell her, to push her down on the floor, bite her, rub her breasts until her nipples were bright and red and sore. The leash burned his neck and pressed against his Adams apple. Every second of obeying her was driving him further into madness.
	He shut his eyes when he felt the dampness of her palm against the tip of his cock. 
	"Oh…oh sh…oh shit…" He couldn't believe it was already happening. He looked down as he spilled out over her hand. "Oh, I'm sor…" he started to move his hands to clean it up. "Sorry," he said, shutting his eyes tight as more leaked out.
	"Don't move, I said," she snapped. She shook her head and stood up, her eyes on him as her hand dripped with come. 
	"I'm sorry," he said. He was very overwhelmed. He hung his hand in shame and whimpered, "Fuck, my neck hurts."
	‘Why are you sorry?" she asked, unconcerned with his pain.  
	"For…for coming so fast." He looked up at her to see if that was the right answer. The repentant look in his black eyes had her pussy on fire but she had to stay calm - the game had to go on.
	"Why did you come so fast?" she asked, pulling on the leash. He waited a minute for her to loosen her grip so he could breathe. 
	"Because…I was…excited." He stared down at the floor, his mind crashing into a white world of panic. Who was she? 
	"Look up at me, puppy," she ordered. He glanced up at her. His sexy eyes were a mix of obedience and curiosity. "Is it because you're a stupid, disgusting boy?"
	"I thought I was a puppy," he sneered. 
	"Oh, you haven't learned a thing." She was burning now because he wasn't playing along. 
	"I want you to answer me - why did you come so fast? And make such a mess?"
	"I…" When he didn't answer fast enough she yanked the leash and he felt his skin burn and start to blister. The fact that if was so hot in the room and he was sweating only made the irritation worse. "Please…" he coughed a little.
	"Answer me!"
	"Because I'm a filthy, disgusting boy."
	"Good puppy," she said, calm and delighted now.  
	"You know what you're going to learn tonight, though?" she knelt down again so she was right in front of him. He looked a bit shot, weary. She ran her hand through his hair and tasted him on his neck. She bit his earlobe so hard he pulled against the leash, exploring his limited space. He was almost too busy trying to catch his breath to listen to her. He hung his head low and shook it.
	"Look up at me," she whispered. He could smell her sex. He stared at her lips, wanting to push his cock through them and just shut her up.  
	"You're going to find out what you taste like, puppy - open your mouth."
	He parted his lips and felt her pull his hair with her clean hand while she stuck two fingers he'd spilled on inside his mouth.
	"Suck," she said. He tasted himself. It was warm and salty and sticky. "Suck harder than that," she demanded, pulling on the leash. He sucked harder, making sloppy sounds. He was getting hard again already. He trailed his tongue between her fingers, he started to come closer so he could kiss her face when she yanked the leash, causing a few blisters to burst. He yelled out and slapped him. He breathed heavily, gasping, wondering why he liked this so much.  
	"Swallow," she said. "Swallow your mess, you filthy boy." He swallowed and she observed his Adams apple to make sure. It and took a minute to overcome the gooey feeling in his throat. 
	"Mmm," she trailed her fingers down his warm face. "Good puppy. Now you're going to taste me - just for a second."
	Banny stared up at her excitedly, wagging his make-believe tail. He watched as she lifted her skirt and her scent surrounded him. He got really excited and started to sit up instead of staying on his hands. 
	"NO! HANDS ON THE FLOOR UNTIL I SAY OTHERWISE!" Her sudden shouting was shocking and got him to respond quickly, placing both hands on the floor and hanging his head. 
	"Good. Say you're sorry, puppy."
	‘I'm sorry.” His voice was too meek for her liking.
	"Louder!" she called out, walking around him in a circle. 
	"I'm sorry," he projected his voice. 
	He still needed a minute. Why wasn't he scared of any of this? You throw yourself around like a rock, like nothing can hurt you.
	"Good boy, now…"  She took the leash and tied it to the brass bedpost's rail. Now his head was forced to look up awkwardly as she walked over to the door to get something and came back. 
	"Put your hands behind your back," she said. 
	"Oh come on," he said, realizing how uncomfortable that was going to be, his head straining to look up. His knees were starting to suffer rug burn. 
	"Please…" he begged sorrowfully as she came back over to him with a rubber hose. 
	"Put…your hands…behind your back, puppy.” Her tone was without reasoning. She wanted what she wanted. This was starting to feel like more than just a game.
	He reluctantly lifted his hands so his wrists were behind his back. His knees burned more against the carpet and the leash was just as painful as ever. She had him in such an uncompromising position. 
	"Good puppy, now I got you." She used a very soft voice as she walked around so she stood in front of him once the rubber tube was tied securely around his wrists.  
	"Now…" she lifted her skirt and pulled her panties down. He watched them fall to her knees. They were little white cotton laced panties and permeated with her juicy smell. His eyes traveled up to her cunt. He had his teeth – you couldn’t tie up teeth. Also, she wasn’t very good at tying knots. He could already feel the rubber hose loosening. She suddenly slapped him really hard.
	“What are you smiling at?” she snapped. His expression fell flat and he stared at the floor. 
	“Nothing.”  
	"Pull my panties down with your teeth, puppy," she said. He sat up on his knees as his skin boiled with blisters and he placed his mouth on the front of her panties and pulled them away from her body, tugging all he could. He let go, webs of spit stretching, as he got hold of the left side of the elastic band and pulled, and then gave the same treatment to the right.  
	"Good puppy…now, lick my pussy." He watched as she pulled his leash so he was squatting with his face right between her legs. He stuck his tongue out and trailed it along her vagina. 
	"Ahhh…" her head fell back. She gripped his hair. This power made her so excited, so hot. There was something great about the way he licked her – it was a quick flick of the tongue, yet it was sturdy and promising of rougher friction. "Yes puppy," she bit her bottom lip and took several deep sighs. She touched herself, opening herself up and he stuck his tongue in deeper, just going for it, drawing out a crazy sigh from her. He felt the rubber hose fall from his wrists and grabbed hold of her ass so her pussy was fastened to his face, his fingers digging into both luscious cheeks in a promise not to let go. He inhaled her, bit her nice and hard on her inner thigh before sliding his tongue way up inside of her. 
	“AHHHH!” her head fell back from all the excitement and different sensations. Just as she started to feel her plans derail, she pulled away from him and went out of the room, the door slamming behind her. She was shaken up by the fact that he’d bit her. She looked down and saw her skin swelling from his teeth in little blue, bruised welts. 
	“You!” she came back into the room just as he was about to undo his leash. She grabbed it, choking him. He found himself struggling to breathe. He felt shoestring being looped around his wrists. She tied it in an insanely tight knot. 
	“What is it…what do you want?” he couldn’t help but ack. “Can’t we just have sex?”
	She just stared down at him, reprising her role as dominatrix. 
	“Well don’t get mad because I have an imagination,” she said. She sounded strange, cartoonish, as if she had no clue how bizarre any of this was. He just sat there, hoping he could just get through this. He looked at her as she knelt down on her knees before him. His arms ached from being stretched out behind him. She cupped his chin in her hand. 
	“Oh, Puppy, I fed you, I let you taste me, and you act so unappreciative.” She sulked. “We really haven’t gotten that far in teaching you some manners, have we?”
	“Thank you,” he said, low and morose. 
	“I hope it gave you some energy…” she stood up, placed her hands on her hips and kept her eyes down on him. “Because now, it’s time to fight.” 
	Fight? Where was this night going, it was plummeting, crashing, going off the rails. 
	She paused at the door. She saw that he was fully erect again. He looked in pain, so helpless. 
	"Are you a virgin?" she asked.
	"No I ain't no virgin," he said, defensive. He pulled at the string attached his wrists to the bed’s railing. He just wanted to be able to rest his arms at his sides. She was right, she did have him. He was owned.  
	"You're afraid like one - like a little girl virgin," she observed. 
	"I ain't afraid,” he wanted her to know. But he was, a little. 
	"You're defensive - which is a direct response to fear." She cocked an eyebrow and waited. "Apologize for your tone, puppy."
	"I'm sorry," he eventually said. She walked out of the room and he had no choice but to wait for whatever was to happen next. He figured her making him wait to see what happened next was part of this whole gig. Banny was getting thirsty. Redhead had left him alone for a really long time. When she came back, she had a bowl of water with her. 
	"How's my sweet little puppy?" she asked, using baby-talk. 
	"Thirsty," he said. She placed the bowl of water on the floor and grabbed his hair, pulling at it violently. 
	"You say please, you say you're happy you have a home and then you say please let me have some water," she informed, her tone suddenly chilling and cold. 
	"Please…I'm happy I have a home," his voice was downsized to a tired, painful groan. "Can I have some water?"
	She stared at him quite displeased for a minute, before finally letting his hair go and he looked down at the water. Fear, paranoia, all of that took over. What was in the water? There was no way to tell.
	“Is Puppy unsure?” she asked, lifting her barefoot and pressing her toes against his face for whatever reason. “I thought you wanted water.” She sounded quite short. He lowered his face and started lapping it up.  
	"That's it, puppy, lap it up, you'll need it for what you're in for.” Banny looked up at her, water dampened his chin. She picked up the bowl of water and dumped it on his head and started laughing. Banny writhed about until he fell over and was hanging by the leash, his hand restrained, just helplessly flailing about. His boxer shorts were soaked, and it actually felt good on his cock but he had water in his eyes now and the water also stung the blisters around his neck. 
	"Please," he squinted, "Can you get the water out." 
	"Selfish puppy - always thinking about yourself. Maybe I'm thirsty - maybe I'm going to get a drink."
	He looked at her as he tried to make a crucial decision. Did he want to turn around so he could be back on his knees? It would be more comfortable than dangling from his leash the way he was, but he didn't want to burn the skin around his neck.
	"I need…" he winced. 
	"What puppy? What do you need?" She tossed his hair and waited.
	"Take my leash off? I'll do anything you want." He tried to sound as obedient as possible. 
	"You will do anything I want anyway," she commanded. After a minute he turned himself around, the leash rubbing against the raw skin of his neck, making his wince. 
	"Don't worry, puppy, we're about to reach new heights." She walked over to him and made sure his wrists were still perfectly tied. The knot was wet and stubborn. 
	“Oh,” she cooed as she messed with his hair. “I supposed this isn’t all that dramatic – some puppies take weeks to learn…months, even.”
	Banny couldn’t imagine being in this condition for weeks, let along months. 
	“The quicker you learn how to say please – how to appreciate me – the sooner I will let you roam and play, okay, Puppy?”
	He looked up at her and eventually nodded.
	“And don’t’ try anything like you did earlier – in a minute, you will be too distracted to devise such an escape anyway. Let me assure you that knot is tied very tight, you will not be able to escape. I can read minds. I know you’ve been thinking about your teeth – you think you can hurt people with your teeth, that is good, Puppy. You will need them very much so in a minute. Knowing how to tie a knot is the most important thing you can learn. One time, this bozo broke into my house and I knocked him out with a vase, tied his grubby hands behind his back, and called the cops. It took the cops so long to come over, I could have found out where the creep lived and robbed his house instead. The Law is not getting even. You have to make your own law. That's what I do. You know that puppies can be arrested, did you know that?"
	The world went white for Banny for a minute, it spiraled down into this blast of white panic. He was tired, and this girl was completely mad.
	"I didn't…" his words didn't mean much anymore. Fear was starting to dominate curiosity.  
	"Of course!" Redhead exclaimed. "The dogcatcher."
	Banny didn't know what to say anymore. Obviously, he was in for it. He felt her hand clamp down on the top of his head and run through his tangled curls. 
	"Stay here, puppy. I'll be back." He listened as she walked out and shut the door behind her. He stayed awkwardly suspended until the door opened again. He knew almost right away that Redhead wasn’t alone. There was this whole new, desperate kind of energy that packed the bedroom now. He looked up as a boy with a taller, wider body frame than Banny's stood over him. He had a hockey mask on and his hands were also tied behind his back. He glanced at Redhead. She had a twinkle in her eye that only the sparkly madness going on in her head could provide.  She was sipping a martini.
	"Don't be scared, Puppy," she told Banny. "This is an introduction phase. Fighting Pit will teach you how to say please."
	Banny just stared up at her. 
	"The winner of the dogfight gets to fuck me," Redhead announced. Banny didn't want to look at his competitor again. He looked like he'd been through this before. He also looked to weight about 250 pounds. Banny could tell just barely, that behind the cage of the hockey mask was a chewed up face, scared by many fights. 
	"Do…I have to stay tied to the bedpost?" Banny asked Redhead. 
	"Yes - and please from now on do not speak unless I give you permission…" she reached down for his hair. "If I go like this…" she messed his hair up. "Then puppy can talk."
	He nodded and looked down at the ground. "But first, before the fight…" she eyed his penis, which was ballooned and sticking straight up. That was the most difficult thing about this – his dick seemed to be having a great time. She pulled her underwear down and kicked them aside. She stood over him so her feet were on either side of him. At this angle, if she squatted, she would be on his penis. 
	"Please…fuck me.." he said, ignoring the dangerous looking boy right next to her. 
	"And he's learned how to say please - how sweet. I'm enjoying this so much, puppy." Things were quiet for a minute and then Banny could make out growling. 
	"Calm down, Pit," Redhead ordered. Banny had no idea what was going on, he just felt the stingy urine pouring from Redhead's vagina all over his cock. He just stared at it as it beat down on him and felt this insane pull of pleasure and watched himself explode. 
	"Ha!" Redhead was thrilled, pointing. "Puppy comes harder than any boy I know." Banny hung from his leash, a sticky mess.
	"Oh boy," Redhead looked at Pit. A few moments that seemed to darken the room occurred. "He's all yours," Redhead told Pit, removing his hockey mask. Banny lashed about, his neck swollen from the leash's restriction as Pit started to grab at him and punch him. 
	"Wait!" Redhead called out, pulling Pit off of him. She looked down at Banny.   "Remember you have your teeth," she said. What? Again, collapse into the white world of absolute uncertainty. He looked up when his competitor started growling, grinding his teeth, it even looked like he was foaming at the mouth. 
	"I want you to whimper," Redhead told Banny. 
	"How am I supposed to win if I whimper?" Banny asked her. She smiled sharply, because he got it. 
	"Use your teeth, baby, first on him and then on me."
	Banny looked up as Pit once again came charging towards him, falling on top of him. Banny scrambled to get away, the leash burning his neck as he sloppily fell on his side, the shoestring rubbing his wrists raw, as Pit had the freedom to do whatever he wanted. Redhead had untied him, so he was free to kick and punch and bite. He pulled Banny’s shirt up and bit him on the side and then in the chest. 
	"AHHHH!" Banny screamed and looked up at the Redhead, reading her lips as she said, "Use…your…teeth."    
	Banny was starting to cry, writhing about and watched as Pit started to pull his boxer shorts down.	
"NOOO!" Banny plunged forward and managed to Pit’s earlobe between his teeth. He knew if he didn’t bite the living hell out of him, than Banny would only suffer. He bit the guy's ear until he felt blood rush out over his tongue. Pit jumped back and fumbled over the little bedside table as Redhead smiled mischievously. 
	"Round 1 goes to Banny Jones!" she declared. Meanwhile, Pit howled against the floor. His neck was soaked with blood and Banny realized he had a bit of ear on his tongue and started to feel sick. He tried not to vomit. He couldn't imagine what would happen to him if he threw up on Redhead's feet. But his body was repulsed by what just occurred and he felt his stomach spasm and his mouth water seconds before vomit rushed from his mouth and all over her bare feet. 
	"BAD PUPPY!" she scorned. "Both of you are useless!" She looked back at Pit before pulling on his leash. "Get out of here! I'm done with you, one puppy is enough!" Banny was too busy heaving and trying to catch his breath to care what was going on. He listened as Pit left the room. Redhead stood perfectly still as she looked down at Banny. 
	"What are you waiting for?" she asked him. "Lick, Puppy. Lick."
	Banny looked up at her feet as he almost started crying. It was the skin around his neck that hurt the most. Then the bites from Pit, and the whole shocking predicament.  
	Banny wasn’t giving up just yet. One shared mistake by many was assuming Banny was stupid. He wasn’t.
	"I want to lick your pussy," he said wearily, looking down at the floor. Meanwhile, he was rubbing the knot against a dent in the metal frame where it was chipped. Cut, cut, loosen, he prayed. 
	"You will do what I say, you understand?” Redhead waited, growing impatient. “Say you understand."
	"I understand," he hung his head low, playing along. 
	"Say, may I please lick your feet," she instructed. He looked up at her sheepishly. 
	"May I please lick your feet," he weakly muttered. 
"Oh sweet boy, yes," she held her foot up. A pool of lumpy vomit covered her toes. He leaned forward so his nose was a few inches from the sick and that was when the shoestring loosened and he fought like heck to untie himself before cuffing her ankles in his hands and pulling her down so she hit the floor. She cried out from the commotion and pain in her tailbone as he got on top of her. 
	"You want it…" he said, lifting her dress up as she made a bevy of shocked moans and sighs. This obviously wasn't part of her game. She felt him as he pressed his hard dick down against her sex, holding her wrists down over her head. "You want it and you're gonna get it, nice and hard," he whispered in her ear. She felt like her guts were melting. She couldn't focus - something about him was so hypnotic, and vigorous. Even though she was wailing about and a soundtrack of pain and pleasure, something about him being inside of her seemed to calm her. He splayed her out on the floor and pushed harder and harder. He worked the leash off his neck and put it around hers, bit her nipple, thrust harder, working her body as much as he could, giving her back as much pain and thrills as possible. 
	"Ohhh!" she moved around, arching her back, feeling him deeper. "Oh Banny…Banny…" he could tell she wanted to keep talking but the harder he fucked her, the more challenging it was so speak. 

15
	"I want to do this again," Redhead said about an hour later, sounding completely normal – making everything they did sound just as normal. Banny had no idea she was capable of speaking so calmly. She looked tired, unmasked. She was sitting on the couch with a red robe around her. 
	"You escaped," she said, watching him get dressed. They'd both showered and had sex again in the bathroom and then showered again. It was so late it was early. Banny was fixing his trousers and eyed himself in the mirror. His neck was extremely red and swollen. He could feel where Pit had bitten him and just hoped he didn’t catch any strange disease. 
	"Your body," Redhead marveled. "Pit's jealous." She held her head back and smiled. "He gets so jealous of the cute ones. I bring home a little puppy and he feels like a big old dog - which he is."
	Banny eyed her, very aware she just wasn't right. "Look, I gotta go," he made his way to the door. She quickly got up and walked over to him, embracing him from behind before he could reach for the doorknob. She felt his hard chest, which was like a brick wall. She rubbed her nose against the skin on the back of his neck and inhaled him. 
	"I don't want you to go, Puppy." He stood there for a second. He didn't want to stay or leave. He didn't want to go home. This, as delirious as it was, was better.
	"You must be punished for trying to run away."
	"I…" he started laughing, he felt like Redhead's madness was rubbing off on him. 
	"I'll let you outside for a while, but I wanna play with you again, Puppy."
	"Okay, cool, maybe in a few days."
	“How will I find you," she eagerly asked as he opened the door. 
	"I'll bark - really loud." He slipped out the door and down the old, disintegrated stairway. A few minutes later he was free to roam the Quarter. He almost forgot what the outside world felt like. The cool air helped to ease his tortured skin. It was dawn – he’d been trapped in her snow globe of crazy that long? He felt a strange comforting numbness all over him just from walking. After a few minutes, he was able to laugh about it – not entirely, it came in spurts, him chuckling into his fist almost like he was coughing. What was that? What just happened?
	Banny walked along, the temperature and light of the day increasing. His whole body ached and he couldn’t wait for the second it met the mattress. People stared at him because his neck was bright red, and despite his long shower, his skin had a faint putrid smell to it from the sex and vomit. Banny didn't care, he wanted to get to the lake on that abandoned farm and go for a swim. The shower might have washed the dirty stuff off of his body, but the swim at night would feel purifying in another way.

 16
	"It's only going to be for a couple of weeks," Betsy promised, but Veronica wasn't having it. 
	"You could just take me with you!" Veronica shouted. "I'm your daughter - I'd love to go to Chicago."
	"Veronica, please," her mother begged, tired. "I need to get away - you'll be working anyway. We just got this farm, you can…get familiar with it."
	"It's a farm – its animals and grass. I'm already so familiar with it I'm bored. And you said you'd stay and help get it furnished!"
	"Veronica, you're acting like a brat. This isn't you." Betsy stood up and went over to Veronica's old, huge wooden dresser and stared in the mirror. Hair up or down? Men liked it down. She started to take the bobby pins out but it was so hot. Up, for now. 
	"At least we got this thing up here in one piece," Betsy said of the mirrored dresser. She reached out and touched the glass. "Needs to be cleaned." Betsy studied herself in the mirror. She was vain, everyone in the Gentilly Family was except for Veronica. Veronica knew she was pretty, but it wasn't anything she obsessed over. She didn't wear a touch of makeup. She would spend her life in housedresses and barefoot if she could get away with it. Betsy was trying to hold onto her youth. She had pretty, blonde curly hair and huge brown eyes. She wore skimpy clothes like she was still in her twenties. She was delusional and getting fat. The Gentilly women were very curvy to begin with. Veronica got her looks from her mom, except her hair was long and wavy and brown like her father's. She was just destined to have big, beckoning brown eyes since both her mother and father had them. Her father, Donovan, died in a motorcycle crash when Veronica was just seven. According to her mother, Veronica spent two days standing by the door following the accident, waiting for him to come home. Her mother explained to Veronica that he was "called to Heaven to ride bikes instead, and every time it thundered, her dad just won a race. That thunder is noise from the celebration."  
	"I just don't like Vivianne," Veronica said, calming down and resting in the bed again. Veronica was lazy and dreamy. She had a rebellious side handed down from her father, but it hadn't surfaced yet. You could see it in her eyes, like a dallying storm that would eventually gather and explode.  
"And you're leaving me with her," Veronica added with much discontentment. Betsy didn't know what to say. No one understood how lonely Betsy was and how excited she became when Jesse finally called and wanted to meet her in Chicago. He got a hotel and everything! She needed the affection of a man. It was that simple.
"I don't know what else to tell you, dear," Betsy concluded, adding a final golden bobby pin to her hair as Veronica stretched her heavenly body out on her big soft bed. There was a mix tape that Veronica’s father made that she played sometimes, on it were his favorite bands like Blue Oyster Cult and Thin Lizzy. This was all she had to keep her company once her mother left and until her creepy aunt arrived tomorrow evening. 
They moved into the farmhouse on Friday. It was Sunday, so Veronica didn't feel comfortable in it yet. How could she after only two days? It was huge and creepy enough with someone else in it with her. It was quiet at night until the frogs and crickets and whatever other insects were out there all joined in for a symphony of mating calls. The land was huge and the darkness seemed deep and endless. There was another farmhouse down the road, where a lonely old man named Bob lived, basically planting tomatoes and waiting to die. There was a plant called Lignite a few miles after that. The diner where Veronica worked was on the other side of the lake from Lignite. 
Veronica and Betsy spent a few years in Chicago before settling on the farm. They stayed with Vivianne after she had her operation. It was a horrible experience for Veronica - the smell of all that medicine, the smell of alcohol because Vivianne was nothing if she wasn't a drinker. Cigarettes, tears and television. 
"I just can't believe you'd leave me with her," Veronica went on. "She's weird - it's a fact…"
"Now, Veronica, her decision to get a sex change was for reasons that have nothing to do with you," Betsy reminded, still obsessing with herself in the mirror. 
"It’s still weird! I still have to be around her…him. God, what do I call her?"
"You call her Vivianne, as she has chosen to be a woman." 
"Dad would flip if he knew," Veronica muttered. 
Betsy turned around and gave her daughter a final look and then it was off to Chicago.
"There's a lot you don't know about your dad and what he and…Jason went through when they were little. It has a lot to do with why your father became a rebel maniac and Jason…became Vivianne." 
"Mom, I know - they were kidnapped."
"They were a lot more than kidnapped." Betsy shook her head as she opened the top drawer of Veronica's dresser. "Ugh, it's too early for such topics." She took out a matchbook and turned around to look at Veronica.
"Have you been smoking again?"
"No." Veronica was a good liar. She used the same exact lazy tone of voice she did when she was being truthful. She also didn't care if people believed her or not so there was an incredible indifference to her tone. Veronica became quite morose as she watched her mother go through her things.
"What are you doing?" she frowned.
"I want that scarf of yours, the blue and pink one."
"I threw it out," Veronica said, pouting. Her mother turned and gave her quite a stare.
"Why would you do that?" Betsy fussed.
"I was tired of it." Veronica stared at the ceiling. Betsy shook her head and shut 
the drawer. 
 	"Alright," Betsy sighed. "Bob is driving me to the airport - if you need anything, remember he's just up the road."
	"Wonderful - I have an old lonely man and a transsexual to keep me company. What else could I possibly ask for?"
	"Watch it, missy, no one likes a cynic." 
	"Who's around to like me?" Veronica said, turning over so her back was to her mother. She shut her eyes and thought of that boy who came in her diner, the one with the dirty clothes and crooked smile and wild black hair. He seemed so strangely out of place in the world, and yet she couldn't stand a day that went by when she didn't see him. You have the farm to yourself, you could invite him over.
	"So when is Vivianne getting here?" Veronica asked, pretending to be bored when really she was fishing for information. 
	"Tomorrow…evening, hopefully. You know how she is, harder to predict than the weather." She paused briefly as she picked up her suitcase. "Try and be nice. And Bob is very sweet – he misses his wife, all he does is tend to his vegetable garden." Betsy sat down on the bed and held her arms out for her daughter. "May I have a hug goodbye?"
	Veronica complied, but the hug wasn't very supportive. 
	"It's just two weeks, hon," Betsy said, standing up from the bed and looking out of the window. She seemed so excited Veronica half-expected her to jump out of the window. "Bob is here. Listen, you'll be eighteen when I return," Betsy picked up her suitcase. "You know how lucky you are? You have your whole life ahead of you – you're a beautiful girl with a bright future. Many trips to the beach, first heartbreaks, there's so much you haven't experienced yet."
	Yeah, like sex, Veronica thought.  
"Don't let Vivianne's visit bother you. Just enjoy it. She's like forty-five, all she wants is some quiet time. She has, unlike you, experienced a lot - everything basically!"
"Right because she's been a man and a woman." Veronica’s tone was hilariously deadpan. When was her mother leaving? She was kind of ready for it to happen now.
"Okay," Betsy sighed before flaunting a fresh smile. "I'll call you when I land." Veronica didn't say anything. She just turned over on her side, yearning for something she didn't feel existed.

17 
	Veronica almost wished Vivianne was here already – that was how motionless and dark things were here. It was creepy. Veronica wasn’t sure where she thought the day was going to go, but it didn’t go anywhere. It just t turned dark. She wished her father was here to protect her, and if there was a storm tonight she'd convince herself it was a celebration of his motorcycle race’s victory. But there was no storm. The sky was just boring. 
	It was two am and Veronica was scared for many reasons. She was unfamiliar with the farm and the farmhouse. She had walked through it of course, she knew what the rooms looked like, but the fact that she'd only been in it for two days made the house all the more creepy. It just felt secretive. Old houses were – who knew what had taken place here over so many decades? There was a gazebo off in the hobby farm, a ranchette, and plenty of property for horses. There were no horses though, there was nothing but land, property, silence. The plan was to figure out to do with it, but that was before Betsy got her call from her guy and took off to Chicago.
Veronica realized how defenseless she was if anything should happen. But who would come out here? There was nothing to do in this town. Wallace's was mostly visited by drifters. But drifters…maybe drifters who had no place to go would decide to trespass and wander the farm. Maybe find her sleeping, helpless and oblivious to their presence. She thought horrible things - losing her virginity to an intruder who would rape her. She sat up in bed and hatred for her mother ran through her body. Or maybe The Makaroo would find you. No, that wasn't real, just an old legend, an old creepy legend. Monsters weren't real.
She tried to get comfy and push all of these terrible thoughts out of her head. She thought of him, of Banny, pretended he was sleeping with her with his arms around her. He seemed like the tough type that wouldn't let anything bad happen to her. But how bad was he? 
She tried harder to sleep, to shut her mind off, but it just wasn't going to happen. It was hopeless, it was like chasing the wind. She would have to drug herself. She walked barefoot across the hardwood floor of her room to her dresser. She took out a bottle of sleeping pills and went out into the hallway, which was very narrow and shadowy. The floor opened up for the steep staircase that led down to the kitchen. The bathroom was across from the top of the stairs. She paused at the stairs and listened. There was no one down there, she told herself. No strange man with monstrous intentions. She went into the bathroom, flicked the light on and filled the water glass. She looked at herself in the mirror as she swallowed the pill. She was short and curvy and her hair was long and wavy. A few freckles caused by the summer sun had popped up under her eyes and sprinkled on her nose. She didn't look nearly as tired as she felt. She placed the glass on the edge of the sink, left the light on for comfort and security and went downstairs. She went into the kitchen and flicked the light on as quickly as possible. What an empty, depressing kitchen. The windows were still void of curtains, so the dark night pressed against them eagerly. Ugh, she hated this. The silence crept up inside her and hugged her bones. 
	She ran upstairs as if something was chasing her. She knew what she needed to do. She went into her bedroom and quickly started unpacking boxes. Some fragile things were wrapped in newspaper, old heirlooms her mother just could not toss out. Veronica placed them in the corner on the floor and continued digging. Even randomly placing things unwrapped around the room felt good, it felt better than just emptiness. Stuff, she thought, that you bought in cars with people who were now dead.
	She finally found what she'd been searching for – the cassette tape her father made. She remembered so vividly the day Betsy gave it to her. Betsy didn't talk about Donovan much, but when she did, emotion ruled her tone and her eyes. 
	"This is…your father's," she said, handing the tape over to Veronica. "He loved rock and roll," Betsy told her, staring down at the TDK tape with the words For Perl written on it in messy black marker. 
	"Who's Perl?" Veronica asked. 
	"Oh, he was a friend of your father's, and Donovan was going to give this to him but…he died a few days after me made it."
	Veronica held onto the tape like it was the only thing in the world that existed. That was how it felt. She listened to it that night and imagined her father in his dirty blue jeans, going through his favorite records, orchestrating the order of songs as he began collaborating the compilation. What made him put Thin Lizzy's Whiskey In The Jar first and Ozzy's Mama, I'm Comin Home last? Did he know he was going to die soon? Did he mean to die?
	Veronica always got choked up when she played the tape. It was like having her father in the room with her. She was glad Betsy held onto the tape instead of giving it to Perl, who had died of a heart attack last year. The tape would be in some dresser with dead bugs now, instead of being played every night. She listened to the guitar solo of Thunder Road and finally fell to sleep.
 
18
	The sky was worrisome with dark clouds but the sun was determined to saw through them and shine. It pressed against the grey so it almost turned into an electric blue. The alarm clock had been going off for sometime before Veronica woke up. She saw the time, 7:32 am, and jumped up out of bed. Now that morning light graced her room, she felt stupid for being so scared last night. She acted like some silly little girl. She was mad at herself for drugging herself too because now she was going to be late for work and foggy-headed all morning. If she hurried, she would make it to the diner around eight. She picked out the first dress she could fine, fixed her long hair up in a messy bun and picked up a pair of shoes and ran downstairs. 
	She got a vision of how cute the kitchen would be once it was furnished. How delightful it would be once her mother's voice filled it up and the smell of supper was on the stove. She felt positive about things today, and wished there was someone there to express her happy thoughts. She looked around as she made her way to the lake. Everything was so new and exciting. She could see Bob's house down the road. It looked like a tiny brown dot from where she walked. The lake gleamed under the fresh morning sun. She avoided looking over at the creepy, grey plant that towered over everything. How nice it would be to go for a dip, maybe after work. Maybe Vivianne coming to stay wouldn't be that bad. At least Veronica would not be alone.
	Wallace's was already busy with truck drivers passing through, or people headed into New Orleans for work. There was no time to waste, especially since Veronica was already late. There was a motel a few miles down the road, and this was the only place to eat unless someone wanted to drive a good forty-five minutes into New Orleans. Veronica gave a nervous glance up at the clock as she walked in. The glass doors to the patio were wide open and the sweet morning air swept in. 
	"You're late," her coworker Mandy couldn't wait to point out. Veronica ignored her for the moment as she fixed her apron. 
	"Jeff here?" Veronica asked about a minute later, grabbing her notepad. Jeff was their boss, and he was always around, watching them, and doing as little work as possible. 
	"Of course, stumping the grounds like a Nazi." Mandy always chewed gum and said sassy things. Mandy glanced down at Veronica with a kinder face. "How was your night?"
	"Ugh," Veronica rolled her eyes. "I hate sleeping alone in a new place." Veronica didn't tell Mandy much. Mandy had a snooty side and Veronica was afraid of being judged. Veronica's life was such a mess – her uncle was a transsexual and her mother had just run off to be with a younger man in Chicago. These were things she didn’t care to share.
	"Josh came over," Mandy bragged about her boyfriend as she flashed a naughty smile. "So I'm tired too, but you know, for different reasons."
	Veronica put on her best face and turned to walk over to a table in her section. Just work, you're here to make money, forget about everything else, she told herself. As she approached the table of six, she realized something. She turned the bathroom light on this morning. It should have been on because she left it on last night. Did it burn out? Was it turned off?

19
	Banny Jones lived on a street named Desire. The name was supposedly a mistake, and should have actually been spelled Desiree after Desiree Clary, Crown Princess of Sweden, and Napoleon Bonaparte's one-time fiancé. This made sense, because nothing about the dilapidated houses on Desire Street was desirable unless one desired rats, cockroaches and gunshots at 3 am. Banny's house, like most others on the street, was a shotgun house. It was shoebox-shaped, the structure of the front of the house so little that Banny could stretch his arms out to the sides and touch each side of his little house with his fingers. One room ran into the next like a long hallway. His bedroom was off to the side. It was messy. He never cleaned it. He had a bed and an old dresser for clothes but he threw his clothes on the chair next to it instead. To him, this was extremely convenient so when he wanted to dash out of his window, he could just grab clothes off the chair right in front of it. Messy boy on the run. There were empty beer cans on the floor. The room was an utter disaster. 
Banny turned fifteen in May but he looked older - it all had to do with his eyes. The swarthiness of his look. He rarely smiled but when he did, it gave everyone hope and a ton of relief. Otherwise, Banny was really intense. Banny sometimes hit the gym with Basset. Between that and working at his dad's Lignite factory, Banny was in good shape – short but sturdy. 
He woke up around eleven, his neck sore from last night's Redhead and Puppy shenanigans. He would have thought it to be all a nightmare but the injuries proved otherwise. His chest hurt too, he didn't know why that was. He stared at the ceiling and ran his hand through is hair, which left his hand feeling dirty. At least his hair hadn’t changed – nothing could ever change such an unruly mess. He smiled about that. After studying his remarkably raunchy appearance in the mirror, he got back in bed. He looked down and noticed dried up cum on his pants. He was a mess, but he didn't care. He had slept in his black trousers and boots. He was hard all over again, his body ready to make a brand new mess. He toyed with it, rubbing it with two fingers over his trousers. This just made it worse. It throbbed. He thought about her – her delicate curves, soft hair, moist mouth, tight pussy. He was pretty sure she was a virgin, she still had that untainted, spirited light in her brown eyes. 
"Oh," his head shot up when he became so hard he was sure he could bruise someone with it. He rubbed the heels of his boots against the mattress as he unzipped his trousers and looked down at his swollen cock, ballooned to its full potential. He was big, and it looked especially giant slabbed there over his flat stomach. It never looked so huge. He swore the morning sun was inside it, just burning, ready to ruin the world when it exploded. He wrapped his hand around himself and tugged. It felt like everything he was made of met at the tip of his cock. He imagined her on top of him, taking him in until it was too much and he turned her over, pressing her down against his dirty mattress, her incredible softness under him, there for his taking, and he would bite her, lick her, take her away from the innocence she seemed to bathe in. But who would she be then?
All of the sudden he felt this crazy tight pull in his dick and sprayed more than he ever had. He fell back on the bed, hitting his head against the headboard as he sighed. 
"Damn son," he said to himself. He rolled over on his side. He'd put himself out. When he woke up again it was noon. Outside, it was hotter and brighter than ever. He had two hours to get to his father's stupid plant. He slowly peeled himself from his mattress and took his clothes off on the way to the shower. The sweet, stagnant smell of morning body odor clung to his skin. The predicted temperature today was 98 degrees but it already felt hotter than that. There was nowhere to hide from this type of heat. He knew he would be all sweaty again as soon as he left the house, and being inside that factory would be inhumane at best. He tried not to think about that. Basset was always saying, “Keep your eyes on the prize.” Basset always said, “These things that trouble you now will literally be yesterday's news soon, son.”
Banny let the cool water cover his body and flatten his hair. He wanted these next three years to speed by, he wanted to be eighteen, to own a guitar. He'd be happy in the grimiest, roach-infested apartment in Louisiana as long as he owned a black electric guitar. As long as he could go and come as he pleased without taking a beating for it. To be away from his old man, that was what he wanted most.
He turned the water off and his neck felt like it had been stung by bees. He took a towel and softly patted it dry. The marks were so obvious. There were a few blisters too. Damn her. He knew he'd be asked all day what happened to his neck. How many things could cause such a thing? What lie could he possibly come up with?
He walked around the house as time continued to steal away more life from him. He wasn't going to wear a scarf or anything stupid like that. He wanted to make Redhead pay for this, and thought of many things he'd like to do to her. He wanted to get Veronica to watch – let her stay a perfect virgin for a little while and see just what sex was like. The scary overtaking of it all…
He needed to stop thinking about that, he was getting hard again. You're an animal and you can't escape yourself. He stepped outside and felt the heat hug him. He looked over at Pall, the kid who lived across the street. He was always there, standing on his front porch. It was a sure thing, like a portrait of a lonely kid in tattered clothes and sneakers that were untied. Sometimes he would be playing with his little sister, but most days he just leaned against the pillar and kept a rather menacing gaze on Desire Street. 
Banny glanced over at him before taking off down the street and rounding the corner towards Gentilly Farm. Banny didn't know how to drive, it was something that didn't interest him right now. He didn't mind walking, he liked to pretend he was walking away from everything and would never return. At some point though, the awful truth sank in when he turned himself over to the plant and he felt like a dumbass for convincing himself that something better would happen. 
He eyed the old Gentilly Farm sign. There was this early afternoon haze that lit up the field. It looked wet, the little honey-yellow daisies looked all dewy. He would love to lie her down in the field and make love to her. Or anywhere in the world, any floor in any city, any room in any country, any place was a great place to fuck as far as Banny was concerned.
The farm smelled sweet of honey suckle and vegetables and something else Banny couldn't quite pinpoint. He remembered a few days ago when his old man told him someone had bought the property. It was one of the few civil conversations he and George had ever shared. Banny was curious because that farm had been abandoned for years. He was just waiting for someone to tear it down. Even a strong wind seemed capable of knocking down that old farmhouse. When he found out that cute little waitress lived here, it intrigued him. He couldn't stop trespassing now, plus it was a lot quicker to get to Lignite this way. Up until now, Banny could swim in the lake without having to worry about being spotted. Now there were people living on the farm and he wanted to know more about them. 
He stared at the farmhouse as he fearlessly walked through the yard. Maybe he would get yelled at but he didn't care. This was a great shortcut and it was too hot to go the other way. The lake looked more inviting than ever today. One of Banny's favorite things to do was take a midnight dip in it after a long day at the factory or like last night, when he felt so dirty and harmed and the water seemed almost like a rebirth.

20
	Banny stood outside of Wallace’s as he finished his cigarette. He kept a still gaze on the front door. Should he go in? Surely, she would ask him what happened to his neck. He watched the door swing open and an elderly couple looked up at him as they went to their car. Banny persevered, carelessly tossing his cigarette into the grass. He found the inhabitants of the diner very comforting – like the family he never had filling the kitchen in the morning, in a rush to get something to eat, sharing stories with one another. He imagined that was what it was like to have a family. Even when the diner was busy, like at this hour, Wallace’s had a calming affect. And it smelled amazing, like ginger and jam and coffee and eggs all at once. It had that grandmother’s kitchen vibe. Like everything could be solved with a sugar cookie. 
"Oh my god," Mandy gasped when she saw Banny. She turned and rolled her eyes and waved Veronica over. 
"That freak's here," she told Veronica once she walked over to Mandy. Mandy wore a lot of makeup and perfume. Deep down inside, she was jealous of Veronica's natural beauty. 
Mandy looked over at him. "He's not even wearing a shirt, which is so not allowed. And his neck is so red its neon."
"I'll take care of it," Veronica said. She tried to hold in her enthusiasm, but the boy drove her crazy. He seemed to know too, and fed off of it. Banny was the one thing that made working at Wallace's exciting. When she saw Banny – it was like being at the drive-in the moment the dark field was taken over by the giant glow of the white screen standing awkwardly but holy in the middle of it all, facing all different types of cars, and all the drivers were hypnotized by this one amazing picture, this one great story. 
Everyone else that came to Wallace’s was so predictable it was tragic. Mostly grumpy old men or truck drivers, all giving her the same perverted stare.
"Hey," she smiled as she approached Banny, even though she was so tired. "Table for one?"
"Two if you wanna join me," the words shot out of Banny's mouth in a nervous but charming banter. He gave her that sexy half smile. His hair was so wickedly thick it was hard not to just laugh at his appearance.
Veronica leaned into him. He smelled like sweat and nicotine. "I need you to put your shirt on,” she whispered, holding back from touching his chest, even though she badly wanted to. “My manager will have a fit."
"Oh yeah? He can't handle my hotness?" Banny joked. Veronica laughed. Mandy watched them flirt and rolled her eyes again. Banny kept his playful grin and pulled his shirt over his head so she wouldn't get in trouble. The shirt was of some strange death metal band. It was blue and black and for some reason, really turned Veronica on. Maybe because Banny wore such dark, tattered shirts so well. The name of the band, Gorguts, was scrawled across the chest, then a picture of a strange goat-headed man with a creepy beard, and the word Obscura was scrawled out below the picture. 
"So you wanna join me or what?" Banny coaxed. Veronica looked up from his shirt and into his brown eyes.
"I can't…I'm working."
"Ae if you rather work than hang out with me that's fine," he eyed his favorite table, which was near the windowed doors that opened to the patio and provided a great view of the lake. 
"Can I have that table?" he nodded, looking directly into her eyes. She wished he wouldn't do that. Those eyes of his were adorable and intense. She turned and stared at him when he was looking off at the table. She'd never seen a better-structured face. And those eyes, so deep and dark and captivating. His black hair looked so soft. His dirty blue jeans fit him so amazingly well. He was Veronica's first crush and she was convinced she'd never have one more intense. Her eyes feel to his neck, which was red and bruised. 
"Goodness, what happened?" she asked, rubbing her own neck. 
"This crazy girl kept me on a leash and tied to her bed." The way he just said that, so emotionless, was remarkable.  After a minute, Veronica laughed, assuming he was kidding. He smiled and looked off at the lake. She waited for him to tell her what really happened. He didn't.
"So can I have that table?" he asked again. 
"I…" I'm supposed to save that table for people who will spend five dollars or more, you're just getting coffee. That was what she'd been told by her boss to say, but she couldn't say no to him.
"Sure." She walked over to the charming table bathing in morning sunlight. She tried to convince herself she wasn't attracted to Banny. If he'd stop coming here everyday it would make it easier to believe such a thing. 
"So…" she studied his dirty white shirt and crazy hair. His jeans were dirty with mud prints on the knees. Why did every little sloppy thing about him turn her on so much? "What can I get you? Coffee or…"
The way he smiled when he looked up at her made her feel like she was done for. Her future destroyed. She was helpless to her crush on him.
"You know I don't drink that crap. Just a soda, sweetheart. Thanks." He sat down and she expected to see a cloud of dust lift from his clothes. Her face softened when she studied his black eyes and scratch near his ear, which he'd acquired with Pit attacked him.
She looked timidly over at the counter. She almost wondered, because of his appearance, if he was in some car crash last night. 
"What about some food?" she tried to persuade. He was so skinny and dirty and hurt. She wanted to take him home and nurse him back to health. 
"Nah," he shook his head and looked out at the lake for a minute. "Food'll just make me sleepy and feel gross – fat."
"Banny,” she laughed a little. “I think its impossible for you to ever get fat or even gain enough weight to look normal."
"Da fuck does that mean?" He was suddenly irritable. The frown on his face hostile, sharp. She was taken back by his quick temper. 
"Just that…":
"You just said I look abnormal."
"No, I just meant you're very skinny and I thought maybe you could use some food. You look…" like you need love. She was shaken up by how easily offended he was. After a minute though, he seemed totally over it. 
"See that over there?" He pointed to the plant where he worked, that gloomy place that seemed like it wanted to destroy the otherwise picture-perfect view. 
"Yeah?" She waited for what mystery boy was about to say next – she knew he had so many stories, secrets. Troubles.
"I work there," he looked back at her when he said this. Those eyes. Why did he have to be so equal parts gorgeous and hostile?
"At the plant?" she seemed completely horrified. "What do you do there?" The Lignite Factory was very creepy and she couldn't imagine walking by it let along spending long shifts working inside there. 
	"Hard stuff…like stuff that requires a lot of physical strength. You know, if I were a cute little chick I'd get a job like this," he snickered. "Carrying little cups to little tables."
	She couldn't believe his nerve. Sometimes he seemed so sweet but other times he said stuff that was just unbelievable. She just stared at him for a minute in disbelief. 
	"That's all you think this is?" she said, amazed. 
	"No, I mean I guess not, because you haven't brought me anything yet." Now he was being cute, but she wasn't amused.
	"Because you keep…" she calmed down and pulled away. "I'll get your soda," she muttered. She went over to the counter and tried to avoid Mandy's judgmental stare.
	"He already pissed you off," she said. "What did he say?"
	"Nothing.” Veronica dropped off some order tickets and tried to mind her business. She was feeling so much fatigue from that sleeping pill. "He's just a kid," she reminded. 
	"Jeff's gonna have your ass - you're not supposed to let him sit there," Mandy went on. The waitresses here were always on her back about something. Veronica was the new girl so there was this assumption that she didn't know anything, but she'd been working restaurants for two years, and in Chicago no less. This place was small and manageable in comparison. Yet, they all doubted her. She just felt bad for Banny, she could tell he was lonely. 
	"All he's getting is a soda," she said. "I don't think he's sticking around."
	"He better not," Mandy said in her snooty tone. "That table's for people with money. People come here for that table, to look out at the lake. People who want that table and can't get it will leave and then we lose money." 
	"Mandy," Veronica spoke, using a stern voice, which she rarely did. "Its fine, chill out." Veronica turned around and gladly walked away from Mandy and back to Banny. He looked up at her with those salacious eyes of his. Did he just get cuter within the last few minutes?
	"Really - what happened to your neck?" she asked him again. She just had to know. She took the wrapper off of his straw, pulling at the paper so it came right off. 
	"You ain't gotta do that," he said, lifting his hand from the table for a second before resting it. He had this tough way of talking that drove her mad, made her wet. "I don't like straws."
	"How could you not like straws?" she asked.
	‘You don't think it’s weird? I mean why not just drink from the cup? Why do you have to have it come up through a little weird plastic tube? What kinda freak psycho invented that?”
	"Well…” Veronica laughed a little. She loved how he always made her laugh. “I guess."
	"Maybe its from working all day at a factory, but there's so much shit people have to make that we don't need."
	"Who makes straws?" she wondered. Banny just shrugged. She looked down at him, trying to find an excuse to touch him. She took her hand and tried to place it on his neck but he moved away.
	"It really stings," he said, apologetic. "I…it happened at the factory," he looked up at her, puppyish. "We have to wear these full bodysuits sometimes and it irritates my skin."
	"Poor thing," she said. 
	"I'm fine," he shooed away her sympathies. "Hey, I'm sorry about before, what I said, I was just messing around." He seemed suddenly somber. 
	"Are you okay?" she asked. Her voice was so sweet. He wanted to get to know her better, but he didn't know how. Plus he was bad news and the whole world seemed to know it. 
	"Yeah doll. Thanks." He couldn’t look at her all of the sudden, even though it was his favorite thing in the world to do. 
	"I bet a cool cloth or something – if you pressed it against your hot skin – would feel nice."
	His eyes met hers again, and it was more enchanting than the last time. This time she reached over and touched his face and he didn't pull away. He looked over at the cold desert fridge. 
	"Those wedding cakes?" He gave a subtle nod at the fridge. She looked back, surprised he cared.
	"Uh, yeah…"
	"You got one that says Banny and Veronica on it?" He met eyes with her, and it was the best thing.
	"No," she blushed and laughed a little, looking down at the floor. He messed her up so much, and now he saw her in all her nervousness and she felt so vulnerable. 
	"Veronica!" Her boss had suddenly walked out of the kitchen and yelled so loudly she couldn't help but jump. Banny put his hand around her wrist and when she looked down at him, she calmed down. Banny glanced at her boss, Jeff, who was short and fat and going bald. 
	"Angry midget alert," Banny said. Veronica tried not to laugh. Jeff was short, but he wasn't a midget of course. He was very angry though. 
	"I'll be back," Veronica said, dreadfully approaching her boss.
	"I want that twirp out of here," Jeff clarified. 
	"He actually ordered a sandwich," Veronica lied. She was so good at lying that she scared herself sometimes. Jeff didn't know what to say to that. "He's also meeting someone…and that table is for two." Veronica didn't dare look at Jeff, she just spoke in a demure voice and took a sandwich already prepared and placed it in a basket. She wanted to give the poor boy a cookie too and a glass of milk. She just wanted him. 
	"Yeah right," Mandy snorted. "Kid's got no friends." 
	"You know his whole life-story?" Veronica replied. It was the first time she stood up for herself here. It felt so liberating. 
	"No," Mandy eventually answered. "Thank God."
	Veronica ignored her and took a sandwich from the pickup window, which she would pay for herself and make it look like Banny did, and turned around. She was heartbroken to see he was gone. There was nothing left at the popular lakeside table but the straw. He had disappeared just like that. 
	"Maybe he decided to look more like his imaginary friend," Mandy quipped. Veronica was crushed. She really wanted to give him something to eat, the boy was way too skinny.
	"See, didn't want it, didn't pay," Jeff waved his hands around annoyed. "Now you pay."
	Veronica turned so he couldn't see when she rolled her eyes and went over to the coffee machine where she quickly wrapped the food before going about her shift, checking up on tables tiredly as the day dragged on.

21
	2 pm finally arrived. The last hour of her shift crawled by. All she could do was think about Banny - it was hard to focus on anything else, keep track of orders. The scary thing was she didn't even care - she didn't care if she was getting the orders right. All she cared about was 2 pm, so she could wander off and find him. 
	She finally retired her apron into the cubbyhole, turned in her tickets and cashed in her tips. She couldn't fathom coming back and doing this all over again tomorrow morning. She walked along the lake, away from Wallace’s and the farmhouse and towards the gloomy Lignite Factory. As she drew nearer, she could hear all of its machinery hisses and sighs and groans and loud clattering sounds. Part of the factory looked like a rustic garage made out of metal sheets, all ruined and browning from numerous hard rains, and right behind it were two giant towers and then a huge building connected to it where most of the sounds came from. The whole thing was utterly depressing. This was the place the sun avoided.
	The ground was either muddy or covered with dead chunks of grass. There was only one door as far as Veronica could see. It was rusty and hung crooked on its hinges. It was cracked open so she could see a little inside - which was all just darkness and noise. It was the type of place where, if you were a stranger to it, you felt completely locked out. Everyone working seemed to have been born here, born with that savage way of persevering, they moved and worked like even if they lost a limb, they wouldn’t notice. Veronica could see a few of them when she walked in – a couple of young boys, tired and dirty but tenaciously working, talking loudly, tossing things around. Sparks from a torch rained through the metal cage floor above her. She looked around for Banny but didn't see him. The smell of hot machinery took over, that burning metal smell. Then she heard his voice. 
	"Yo, you know that song they do where the dude's like if I knew it was gonna be this kinda party, I woulda stuck my dick in the mashed potatoes?” Banny just laughed, and the sight of his mouth curling up into that sexy smile made Veronica smile too. She forgot where she was. She could have been in the middle of the health-threat that was Lignite of a café in Paris. It suddenly didn’t matter.
Then a guy in a dirty wifebeater and jeans came into factory behind her.
	"Hey doll, you shouldn't be in here," he said. "Where'd you come from?"
	"I'm looking for Banny," she said, yelling above all the noise. 
	"Oh yeah, Banny?" The man looked up at the metal floor. She looked up there too. There were all sorts of guys who looked too young to be doing this sort of work. She saw Banny over in the corner, lifting up sheets of metal and placing them on a table.
	"Yo BJ!" the guy called out through the floor. "There's a diamond in the rough here for ya." The guy looked at Veronica with a huge smile on his face, thinking he'd flattered her. He actually had. She smiled at him before he strutted off and Banny swung down from the rafters. She was amazed at how limber he was. 
	"Yo," he wiped sweat from his face and then let his shirt drop. "What are you doing here?" He walked over to her to quickly get her out of the way from more sparks falling down. He looked a little embarrassed. His arms were slicked with grease. He was very dirty and sweaty and it was only after three o'clock.
	"I…" she was too overwhelmed to speak at the moment. Banny looked over at the kid who had brought Veronica to his attention. 
	"Hey, you gotta stop calling me that, dude." He rolled his eyes adorably when he looked back at Veronica. “Hate it when they call me BJ.”
	"Okay, BJ," Troy quipped as he went back upstairs. Banny rolled his eyes again before focusing only on Veronica.
	"This ain't a place for girls, doll." 
	"I brought you a sandwich." She held it out to him, never minding his remark. He acted like he didn't believe it was food. "I was going to give it to you earlier but you just…vanished." She shrugged. He looked down at the food. It had been so long since he'd ate – maybe even a day – that he didn't even feel hungry. His body had gotten used to being empty. Food might actually make him go into shock. His mouth started watering at the smell of toasted bread, melted cheese, tomatoes. He looked at her, the sandwich, he felt like he could eat it all. 
	"Look, I was rude to you," he frowned, shaking his head and staring at the ground. "You ain't gotta be nice. You the last person that should be nice to me."
	"Well, maybe, but why don't we try something crazy? I be nice to you, and you be nice back." 
	"K," he smiled big and bright for a minute but then he seemed to get defensive. "That might get boring though." He ran his hand through his hair. 
	"Banny," she begged. "Just eat the sandwich."
	"Thanks." He took the sandwich and started unwrapping it as she looked around. "You should have a mask on," he said, before taking a bite. "Here…" he handed her the sandwich back and went to get a surgical mask lying on top of a wooden table.
	"What do you do here?" she asked as he came back over to her. She didn't want to put the mask on but she took it and held onto it. He took the sandwich and glanced around at the dusty, dark place.
	"You know what lignite is?" he asked, sitting down on the wooden table and putting his foot up on a metal pipe. She just stared at him and shook her head. He quietly stared down at the mask in her hand before jumping down off the table. "Come outside," he nodded towards the door, waving his hand. "If you won't put the mask on…"
	It was nice outside, a different world. He wanted to say screw this place and run off with her. He glanced back at her. She looked very pretty in a disheveled way - her messy hair falling form its bun, her white housedress that was a little see-through. She had totally neglected to wear a bra today.
	"Over here," he nodded to some slabs of concrete to sit on.  
	"You never heard of it?" he asked, positioning himself on a slab of concrete. “Lignite?” The lake was a few steps away. It shimmered now and looked white in some parts. She thought about swimming with him, playing around. He helped her onto the concrete slab. He was strong. The fact that he was short didn't seem to matter. The muscles in his arms flexed. She smelled him, he smelled like one of those hot machines. 
	"No…not really." Her voice was soft, sympathetic. He got a whiff of her too, she sort of smelled like coffee from the diner, but also like strawberries. He guessed it was her shampoo. His glanced at her voluptuous breasts. 
	"It’s um…" he looked off for a minute, losing train of thought. She looked down at Banny's dirty hands as he unwrapped the sandwich. 
	"This won't be pretty," he warned, about to eat. "I'm starving, so…"
	She couldn't stop staring at him. He was so young. He crammed the sandwich in his mouth and chewed it without shame. He sort of reminded her of a lion, the way he ate. He caught a stray piece of lettuce on his arm and licked it off. She wanted to do that, lick it off. Usually watching someone devour a sandwich would be disgusting, but there was something about him. She watched him without even blinking. She wanted to cradle him like a puppy, take him home, bathe him. He was so dirty. 
	"Anyway," he said, once he chewed his food enough, "Lignite is coal," he glanced at her, sounding like a teacher. He wiped his hand on his dirty jeans. "Like…Louisiana uses it and it's basically the stuff that makes ships work," he said it questionably, to make sure she was following.
	"Ships?" she asked, sounding sexy. No one else on the planet could say ‘ships' like she just did. She leaned against the tree behind her and watched him. He watched her too. She looked so soft to hold. He had to think about something else before he lost it on her. He finished the sandwich, looked over at the lake and when he turned back to her he had the cutest smile on his face.
	"What," she asked, smiling too. "Banny Jones?"
	"You made my day, you know that?" he had a warm gleam in his eyes. "Comin' here like this," he held his hands up. "You didn't have to do that," he shook his head and his smile faded a little but didn't lose any of its sincerity. "But you did."
	"I know," she looked down at his boots then back up into his eyes. Wow, he was going to be something else when he got older. He already had such a provocative allure about him. He stared at her, checked out her tits with zero amount of shame before looking back up into her eyes. 
	"Yeah, so…ships," he smiled again and she laughed a little. 
	She looked back at the factory. "So, that's what you do here, you make lignite?"
	"Kind of," he held his hand up and shook it around. "Its more complicated than that. Lignite provides fuel…its boring stuff." He shrugged and looked off at the lake. "I wish we…made more pretty girls like you." He looked back at her. "That would be a cool factory."
	She looked at him but had no idea what to do with him. She grinned a little before looking away at the farm.
	"You're too young to do this kind of work," she had to say that, she just had to. 
	He shrugged. "My old man says it'll make me tough." 
	"Is he tough?" she asked. She seemed to be getting at something. Banny shrugged.
	"What man's not tough?"
	She giggled and nodded, "I knew a few."
	"Oh yeah?" he kept his eyes strictly on her like he was about to do something. It made her nervous. He had such a hold on her. 
	"Oh,” she held her hand out and pointed to the bag the sandwich was in. “There's a cookie in there too," she mumbled.
	"See now," he shook his head, grinning. "This is what happens, when people start to hang out and shit, like you know, date and shit, they eat, they go to restaurants or movies or whatever the fuck, and then if things work out, they eat more, because they get married and shit and there's a big cake and everyone pigs out, and then you know what happens, Princess? They eat more because they get bored with each other after that, and then they get fat."
	"Banny," Veronica laughed nonstop. "You are something else." He glanced down at the cookie. 
	"Banny, you're rail-thin. Just eat the cookie."
	"Hey, I'll split it with you." He broke it in half and gave her half. As she took it, her hand brushed against his and he looked at her tits. He was getting hard. 
	"How's your neck?" she asked. They looked back up at each other, their eyes meeting at the precise same second.
	"Ae, its okay, you know…" he waved his hand. They both turned and glanced at the lake. "Looks nice huh?" he said, looking back at her. "You should go swimming," he winked. "You should be able to do whatever you want, princess."
	She just looked at him, mesmerized. He didn't know what to do. His break had been over five minutes ago and the last thing he wanted was to get yelled at by his old man in front of her. He jumped off the concrete slab and into the dead grass. 
	"So you like livin over there?" he nodded at the farm.
	"Oh yeah, its okay - I'm not used to it yet." He stared at the door. Any minute now, the monster was going to come out.
	"Come by," she said. "Later, I can…ice your neck or…something."
	The way he looked at her just then, this long, mysterious gaze like he was considering doing something he might not ever share. 
	"I don't get off ‘til ten," he said. He had the sexiest frown on his face.
	"That's fine," she let him know, starting to walk away. He looked at her like he might follow, like he might run after her and scoop her up. 
	"Hey," he called out. She turned and looked at him. "Be careful walking in those shoes, there's like glass and stuff." He was finding any excuse to keep talking to her, so she would stay there and he could look at her.
	"Okay, thanks." She gave him a very sweet, shy smile before turning and carefully walking back to the farmhouse. 
  
22
	"Yo you seen George?" Banny asked Troy. It was eight o'clock, and Banny's back hurt and he couldn't bear two more hours of this, especially knowing Veronica was over at that farmhouse, waiting for him.
	"Nah, I don't know where he is."
	"Fat fuck," Banny muttered. He knew his old man would be livid for weeks if Banny skipped out early, but he was willing to take the punishment. Another black eye, another welt on his chest. So what?
	"I think I'm gonna cut out," he said. Troy looked at him, obviously thinking this was not a good idea.
	"You sure, man?" Troy didn’t care that he would have to stay and work longer, it didn’t make a difference to him. He just didn’t want Banny to be in trouble with George.
	"Yeah, back hurts and shit," Banny started to strut off. "You cool?" he turned to check. Troy just nodded. Troy was a shy blonde kid from Alabama. He came in and did his work and went home. He kept to himself, but he and Banny were the closest of anyone who worked here. They liked the same music, and obsessed over being on their own, always wondering what life had in store for them once the teenage shit-show was over.
 
	Vivianne called to let Veronica know, in that creepy, croaky voice of hers, that she wouldn't be arriving until tomorrow.
	"That's fine," Veronica said, trying not to sound too happy about it. 
	"Yes they lost my luggage," Vivianne said, assuming Veronica wanted all the details. Her voice had a tendency to drag. 
	"Who?" Veronica asked, looking out of the kitchen window across the darkness of the farm. Where was he? Of course it wasn't even nine yet. Her body pined for him. She even woke up in the middle of the night sometimes, this mental alarm going off in the very center of her body, images of him just running through her head. She couldn't fall back to sleep. Her heart revving up like she just downed three cups of coffee. She would have to somehow let her body know that it couldn't have him, not yet anyway, and then another failed attempt to find sleep would follow. It never worked, thus the pills…
	"The airport people," Vivianne fussed.
	"So you're here?" Veronica asked, worriedly. 
	"No! I'm still in Chicago." Veronica placed the phone down for a minute. There was nothing as unpleasant as Vivianne's voice. The drugs she took, those hormones shots, the operation. 
	Veronica placed the phone back to her ear. Where was he? No one else really existed, this obsession had erased them all but him. Swaddle me in your warmth, consume me in your darkness, troubled, mystery boy. 
	"Well, I'll just see you tomorrow then." Veronica didn't bother asking Vivianne how she managed to lose her luggage at the airport she was departing from. She could only assume that Vivianne was just plain nuts now. The painkillers she took left her out of it. 
	"Well alright," Vivianne sounded disappointed, as if certain situations that just were could be erased if Veronica said something different. Those drove Veronica up the wall. Between that and how horny she was…then she saw him. She knew it was him, she knew his body. Short, but so hard. The way he walked. That adorable, tough stride.
	"Okay V bye." Veronica hung the phone up and slowly walked to the kitchen door. Her heart slammed around recklessly in her chest, like any minute it would splatter against the wall. Good grief, calm down. She waited at the door for him, sensing they were both a little nervous. 
	She heard the porch creak when he stepped on it. Her heart was pounding, her entire body was like a wheel spinning into a blur. Calm down, she tried to tell herself. He's just a boy, she tried to tell herself. The boy you want. 
	He knocked twice and she could feel him take a few steps back. No, don't. She pulled the door open and smiled and he waved. She left the door open and he walked in. She was still in that same housedress, see-through and everything, and she was barefoot. 
	"Oh," she hugged him. He felt so amazing, so hot, so hard, but also dirty and tired. "You want something to drink?" she asked, pulling away and looking into those black eyes. 
	"I'd kill for a beer," he said. She just made a face, her eyes widening and her lips the perfect O-shape. 
	"I don't…have any beer." 
	"Anything, doll," he just said. He looked around the empty kitchen as she pulled out a pitcher of iced tea and took down two glasses. Behind them, far back in the dusty cupboard, she saw a flask. 
	"Oh, what is this?" she asked, trying to reach it. 
	"What?" he walked over and stood right behind her. It took great restraint not to hook his hands around her hips and rub against that perfectly round bottom. He kept his hands to himself and just smelled her hair. 
	"This," she turned and looked at him, moving slightly so her ass made contact with his crotch. "There…is something…there," she pointed into the cupboard. 
	"Okay," he looked up. 
	"Like a flask," she said. 
	"Oh yeah?"  He put his hands on her hips and moved her to the side. The touch set her on fire. He climbed up on the counter and took the flask out and jumped down. He screwed the little cap off the flask and smelled it.
	"Jesus Jones, there's shit in here," he said. 
	"What?" she laughed. 
	"Yeah…it ain't yours?" he looked at her. 
	"No…I think the people who lived here before left it behind."
Banny took the tea she poured him and poured it back into the pitcher, ice and all, and poured what was in the flask into the glass. He held it up to his nose and after a few moments of severe seriousness, he flaunted the cutest smile. 
"This…" he said, looking at her and keeping her in suspense for a few seconds. "Is…moonshine."
"No way!"
"Yeah – I know moonshine, my old man drinks it all the time when he can. He reeks of it." He held it under her nose and she took a whiff. She felt dizzy from that alone.
"Wow, that's strong." She looked at him with a cute awed expression.  
"You ain't gotta drink it if you don't want," he said. "But I need it. I need the sting to carry this day away like a vulture – this rotten piece of meat day…oh hey," he quickly rephrased, “It hasn’t all been bad, you know?” His face collapsed into a bashful smile. She made him feel different, less upset over everything. It was strange and new and fascinating to him. 
She just looked at him, riveted. 
"You…you want a bath?" 
He fixed his eyes on her. "You wanna give me one?" he asked. It was a heavy question. He sipped the whiskey and flashed that hot smile of his and she felt like soggy cake. What was the word no? Where was she? She couldn't feel her own bones in her body.
	"Sure." She looked at him for another minute or two before turning and heading up the steps. "I'm just going to get some towels from my room - they're still in the box." 
	"Okay then."

23
 While Veronica recklessly searched for the blue towels Betsy said she packed, Banny was already in the bathroom. If this was the last night of his life, he'd be fine with it – and that was an amazing feeling. And the things that had brought him here, like working at the hellish plant, living with his hellish father who employed him there and made sure he sweated it out every day and wouldn't think twice about beating him later if he didn't – was all worth it to have her give him a bath.
"I can't find the towels," Veronica said as she came down the hallway. She looked at Banny who was standing there, his shirt off. 
"We could just have hot sex and dry off that way," he kidded. Sort of. He was testing the water. 
"Okay, Banny," she giggled nervously, turning on the water. He just stood there, awaiting further instruction. She stood in front of him, the smells of his toxic day wafting off of him. She eyed him and he knew what that look meant. He slowly leaned in and pressed his lips against hers. His lips were dry and warm. She placed her hand on his chest and he let out a little moan. 
	Her hand drifted down to the waist of his jeans as she kissed him harder and her pussy ignited. She didn't know how to handle herself, her want or him or his wanting, and it was all about to collide. There were no teachers, only time.
	"Banny…" she whispered, tracing her little shy fingers across his hard cock. He was impossibly hard. She turned around, somewhat freaked out.
	He wrapped his arm around her waist and held her against him.
	"Shh," he said, running his other hand through her hair and smelling her. "Shhh."
	"I can't sleep at night because of you," she said. "No one knows…its this thing I carry around with me – this crush on you – this heavy thing weighing me down more and more every day so it feels like I'm about to fall to Hell."
 	"That's love," he said, whispering in her ear. She looked over her shoulder at him. 
	"I want you…to sit down on the floor," she told him. 
	"You don't want me to bathe first?" he asked. Maybe it was Redhead's influence, but he sounded very submissive just then. 
	She stood in front of him, her forehead pressed against his, her big doe-eyes on his black eyes, and she shook her head. 
	"I want you…dirty right now. And I want you on the floor, so I can get on top of you, and figure you out."
	After a few seconds of clinging to her, he stepped back so he was against the wall, a huge bare window above him looking out at the desolate darkness of the farm, and sat down on the floor. He kept his eyes on her every second as she came over, hiked her dress up and straddled him. 
	"Oh…" she was still for a moment, her legs locked around his hips, her hand in his dirty wild hair, her face pressed against his neck smudged with black tar from the factory. She ran her hand along his skuzzy jeans. She inhaled him. Hot machines, sex, cigarettes, moonshine.
	"Banny…god…" she moved a little so she could feel the long length of his impossibly hard dick. "Oh…" Her body thrived for him. A thin line of wetness filled her panties. 
	"Tell me sweetheart," he begged in this incredibly tender voice, gently moving her hair out of her face. "You ever had sex?"
	"No…nothing like this even."
	"You ever seen a boy?" he asked her, in this intoxicating voice. She stared at him, tracing her thumb along his lips. He picked up the flask and she took a sip. He laughed at the face she made. 
	"No…" she said. "If you mean…"
	She looked down at him and pulled the button of his jeans loose. He gave her a look of warning. How much could he control himself? How much did she want? 
	"Take your panties off," he sweetly requested. She looked at him, clearly not ready to go that far. She just stared down at his huge cock, trying to imagine taking that inside of her. 
	"We can just play - I won't go inside you." 
	"Play?" she said, just like she said ‘ships' earlier, like she was practicing learning how to say words and had absolutely no idea what they meant. It drove him nuts. He stared at her lips. After a minute, her tongue slipped out and she licked his lips. Then they started kissing again, each time harder than the last. She pulled on his hair and rubbed against him again and felt his fingers slide up her bottom, under her panties. Dear God, she was so soft, just endless softness and bewilderment and pretty. 
	"Baby," he said, grabbing her, pulling her as close as possible. Then he felt this incredible serge of pleasure before he came against her soft belly. She stared down at the mess, it was all over her. He'd squirted so much it got on her tits. 
	"Now we both need a bath," he smiled, tired and blissful, his eyes shut and head resting against the wall. 

24
	They slept in her bed, their bodies pruned from a long soak in the bath. They didn't have sex, she wasn't ready, but told him when she was, it would be with him. She kissed him on his face and neck and it only took a few more minutes before he was lost in a deep sleep, inspired by the satisfaction of knowing her soft, curvy body was curled up next to him, her luscious hair against his shoulder. 
Her amazing night had erased all monotony of life, all responsibilities. What was an alarm clock? Who was Vivianne? But the morning light seemed to illuminate such wreckage, and she shot up in bed and looked around and saw it was ten o'clock in the morning already! She looked down at Banny, who looked like he was still sleeping but reached up and tried to pull her back down in bed. Couldn't he just stay this way with her, in soft heaven? Couldn't the world behave itself and leave him alone for once? 
	"No," she said, planting her feet on the wooden floor and feeling completely disoriented. He just looked at her, a sexy sleepy frown on his face. 
	"What?" he asked.
	"I overslept." 
	"You can sleep as late as you want, you're a princess. Hey, you wanna go to the lake?" he suggested, nonchalantly placing a hand on his cock, which was suffering from its typical morning wood. "Baby, come here," he begged. 
	"No…I didn't go to work - I didn't call…oh man…”
	"That clock's wrong," he simply said. She looked at him.
	"Banny…"
	"I mean who said what time it was in the first place? Like who says what it is?" 
	Veronica walked over to the window as Banny kept obsessing over the invention of time, and looked down at Bob's truck and saw a woman with a red wig on. 
	"Oh my god, my Aunt Vivianne is here." 
	Banny just stared at her, unaffected. "You have to go," she said to him. 
	"There's nowhere else I want to be," he simply said. She pulled on his wrist. 
	"No, please, I don't want to be in trouble." Veronica shook her head, caught up in a panic, but all Banny could do was stare at her delicious curves and touch himself. Veronica went back over to the window and watched as Vivianne continued to talk to Bob. Her suitcases setting on the ground. 
	"You can go out the backdoor," she said to him. "Just stay out of sight from the front yard – I'll distract my aunt." 
	"Oh baby…okay, okay." He sat up and looked around for his clothes, unhappy with what she wanted, but would do it nonetheless. "My clothes are in the bathroom," he said, smiling bashfully. Veronica took off down the hallway to gather his dirty clothes. The bathroom was a wreck – things had been knocked off the sink during one of last night's many make-out sessions. She looked grotesquely at her toothbrush on the floor. She picked it up and placed it in the toothbrush holder on the sink and picked up his jeans, which were in a ball on the floor, along with his death metal t-shirt. 
	"Veronica!" Vivianne called out from the bottom of the stairs. 
	"Oh dear god!" Veronica muttered. 
"I'm here!" 
Veronica stood, frozen in terror, as she heard Vivianne coming up the old staircase. She threw the clothes back into the bathroom floor and shut the door behind her. 
	"Hello," Vivianne smiled at her. Veronica had forgotten, or maybe made herself forget, what Vivianne looked like. Her skin was wrinkly and her cheeks sunken in so her eyes bulged out. The wig was sloppily placed on her head, exposing a part of her baldhead. Veronica looked her up and down –  her Adams apple and obvious man-hands. 
	"Goodness, are you okay?" Vivianne asked.
	"Yeah, I just need coffee," Veronica lied naturally even though she was caught off guard and her world was crumbling around her. 
	"I'll put some on, lord knows I can use some after that terrible airport coffee."
	"Great! I'll meet you in the kitchen," Veronica said. Vivianne's eyes suddenly went cold. Veronica remembered how that used to happen, it was like Vivianne just shut down, stopped working. Something inside her just went dark. 
	"Okay," Vivianne eventually spoke, turning around and walking back down the stairs. Veronica waited until she was completely gone and opened the door, picked up Banny's clothes and walked down the hallway. She went into her room and stopped when she saw the bed was empty. She looked around the room but he wasn't in it. Where did he go? He was naked! Veronica placed the clothes in a box, hiding them under other random things, and went back out into the hallway.   
	She looked up and down the hall, back in the bathroom and then in her room again. But he was either gone.  
	"Veronica!" Vivianne called. God, why did she have to be here so early? "Coffee is ready!"
	"Great! I'll be down there in a minute," she called back. This was impossible, he was naked, where could he have gone? He did have quite a reputation for his tomfoolery – everyone at the diner said so. He stole tip jars from cafés, he even set a trashcan on fire once inside a restaurant when they refused to serve him because of what he was wearing. 	
	She knew if she didn't go downstairs, Vivianne would come back up here and there were too many things off to make her ask questions. Veronica went back into her room and opened the window to let out the cigarette smoke caused by Banny, along with a slight boy smell, and went downstairs. 
Veronica took a few minutes in the kitchen to prepare herself. It had been a while since she had been around seen Vivianne. A few months after she got her surgery, she sort of disappeared. She was arrested in Las Vegas after getting in a fight with a casino owner who wouldn't hire her as a dancer. Betsy bailed her out and helped her get another apartment, but Vivianne couldn't keep up with her Phils. Her phone was shut off so Betsy could never get in touch with her. Then she upped and moved out and it was a couple of months before Betsy heard from her. She called to say she was living with "a strange man in Evanston," and wanted to move out. Vivianne was the type of woman that would never settle down. Veronica worried if she had a plan once she left the farm…she hoped she planned leaving the farm, at that. 
Veronica picked out her favorite burgundy mug and filled it to the rim with delicious, freshly brewed coffee and held it up to her face, taking in the aroma just like people did in those commercials. She took her first sip and felt her heart kick in and immediately, scenes from last night flashed before her like she was watching it all on a movie. Oh my goodness. She was shocked and ashamed as she recalled grinding against Banny, letting him touch her the way he did, but at least that was as far as it went. 
Veronica pushed the screen door open and looked at Vivianne. Veronica was barefoot as usual, and the hot boards stung her feet and she quickly backed up so she was in the shade. 
	"There she is," Vivianne's croaky voice seemed to fall on the farm like a huge, dark blanket.  
	"Hello." Veronica tried to keep calm. Her mom would be back soon and everything would be okay. Her thoughts fell back to Banny Jones, how good he felt, how her body wanted more. No. Calm down. 
Vivianne stood on the edge of the porch, looking out at the farm. Veronica made her way over to the porch swing, which was in the sun but her feet wouldn't burn against the porch. 
	"Now I thought you worked in the morning?" Vivianne said, still staring out at the property. Veronica shook her head. There was no way she was going to explain herself to Vivianne. 
	"Taking the day off," Veronica just said. 
	"I bet you miss your mama, can't believe she just ran off like that - but us Gentilly girls, we got rebellion in our blood."
	Veronica was starting to believe that. It was in hers too. She held the cup of coffee up to her face and took in its strong, intoxicating scent. She looked around. Where did he go? 
Vivianne turned and placed her brown eyes on Veronica. She looked so skinny and haggard. She had a tattoo of a scorpion, for her astrological sign, on her neck. It was kind of faded and starting to resemble a smashed spider. 
	"Well look at you, pretty as sunshine in a basket," Vivianne fussed over her niece. Veronica looked out at the farm. She felt like running, just running off like her father did. It was as if Vivianne soaked up all the creepiness that had ruined her when she was little and became it.
	"Thanks." The word slowly made its way from Veronica's pouty lips. The wind was dry. The day seemed huge and secretive. Vivianne started rocking back and forth in her rocking chair. Veronica tried to just take in the scenery, let the morning hour slowly crawl over her without having to put an apron on, or smile at a stranger. So this was what it was like to enjoy a morning. 
Vivianne passed Veronica a suspicious look. Veronica maintained a look of innocence. After a minute, Vivianne looked away and put on little black sunglasses. While Vivianne got breast implants and shaved her legs, she hadn't done anything to her face besides get lip implants and cheek implants. Her hands looked like a man's, and so did her neck and shoulders. 
Veronica looked away. As soon as she finished her coffee, she would go out to the lake. Maybe that was where Banny went! He seemed crazy enough to just take off stark naked and jump into the water. The more she thought about it, the more it made sense. She started drinking her coffee faster, in a hurry to find him.  
"Now I wanted peace and quiet from the city life and it looks like I got it," Vivianne cackled. Veronica smiled a little, but she felt like a magnet drawn to Banny. He was all she could think about. All. She would just find him and stick to him eventually.
"How do you like it out here?" Vivianne turned her eyes on Veronica. 
"It's a little strange…but anything unfamiliar is." 
"You just need furniture!" Vivianne declared. "It needs love. We can get Bob to take us out to The Quarter maybe."
	"Is that how you got here?" Veronica asked. "Bob pick you up?"	
	"Yup. Poor old man," Vivianne shook her head. "Got nobody since his wife passed on. You don't know, Veronica, what its like. You get older and people just drop - they drop like flies. Your parents, and then the love of your life…oh," Vivianne clutched her chest. Veronica forgot how theatrical she was. "When you're young - you think your first love is heavy, your first heartbreak, well its nothing compared to on down the road, what you see and what you feel."
 	Veronica looked over at Vivianne as Vivianne went on with her dramatic speech. "You die - that's it." Vivianne glanced over at Veronica and her eyes, dry as stones, made Veronica look away.   
	"I think…I think I'm going to go for a swim," Veronica eventually spoke. She looked down at the warm, rotten planks of the porch and prepared to dash across them. She could still feel Vivianne's eyes on her. It was too much to bear. She stood up and ran out into the yard, drawing a little wicked laugh from Vivianne.
	"You never liked to wear shoes - even when you were really little."
	Veronica ignored her snickering and kept walking. She could never explain why she got such a pleasure from walking barefoot - there was something very erotic about feeling the earth and all of its inhabitants against her feet, all it had to give. Maybe you're trying to make up for your depravity when it comes to sex. 
	"Be careful," Vivianne warned. Another hot, dry wind pushed through. Veronica couldn't wait to be in the water.
	"Of what?" Veronica asked, turning around. She stood still for a minute as the heat wrapped around her and she started to sweat.
	"The cellar door," Vivianne pointed lamely to somewhere in the tall grass. The grass was tall enough to hide animals. "It was open when I came home last night – nearly met my death." 
	Veronica frowned. "I didn't know there was a cellar."
Vivianne just stared at her. Her eyes didn't move, they were like dead bugs lying 
against a cold, white surface. 
"There is," Vivianne assured before she turned and went into the house. A cellar. Veronica was intrigued. She walked around the yard, exploring. This could take an hour or so, but luckily, through sticks and skin-cutting stones, she finally felt the warm, solid body of the wooden cellar door. She dropped to her knees excitedly. A cellar, a whole new space beneath the ground. What was down there? She pulled on the little handle and stared down into the long dark tunnel. There was a ladder against the wall but she was afraid to go down there alone. She could take Banny down there, she thought, her heart heavy and her mind overtaken with dirty thoughts. Oh man. She stood up and looked around and finally headed off towards the lake. 

25
	Banny was nowhere around the lake. It really did seem like he just vanished. She was baffled. She spent a little time swimming in the lake. A middle-aged couple was a few trees away, hanging out and getting drunk. They seemed harmless, but they still made her leery. She really wanted to know where Banny was, and was also burdened by the fact that she hadn't gone into work today and probably no longer had a job. She figured betting on that was better than dealing with Jeff and Mandy. 
	She pulled her housedress on over her bathing suit and headed back to the farm. Things felt so strange – last night happened, right? Where did he go? How chaotic then and how silent now. The bathroom! She left it such a mess and surely Vivianne had seen it. And what if Banny was still there somewhere? She rushed towards the house, which looked quiet and dark and vacant as usual. She opened the front door and walked in. Vivianne was not in the kitchen. 
	"V?" Veronica called out. It was easier for her to call him V than Vivianne. "You here?" Veronica walked into the downstairs hallway and looked up the creepy staircase. The door to the side of the house gleamed with sunlight gushing through the window. It was nowhere near nightfall. This day felt like it was dragging. She saw Vivianne sitting out on the side porch and sensed she was in a weird mood.  
	Veronica carried herself upstairs, suddenly feeling tired - the sun, the swim. Last night. It had all caught up with her. She peaked into the bathroom and saw it was exactly the same as before. She straightened it up, went into her room and closed the door. It was nice in here - quiet. Her own little place where she could hide from the world. She locked her door and started going through things in the boxes. She removed the biggest antique, a Mr. Christmas World's Fair Swing Music Box, and unwrapped the newspaper from around it. This had been Veronica's favorite toy since she was little. It was passed down in the Gentilly Family for years. Betsy loved to tell the story of how Veronica's face used to light up when she turned it on. Veronica would get so thrilled at the sound of the music and the swings lifting in the air. She loved to play with the little people in the swings – tiny passengers – they were called. It still played music but it was creepy and dragged a bit. She got up and placed it on her dresser. The twinkling lights on the arched façade no longer worked and a tiny passenger on the swing had fallen off, chipping off its seat. Through years or moving, the tiny passenger was lost forever. 
Veronica studied Fair Swing for a minute as it tried to work itself up, the swings slowly lifting sideways. It seemed confused. The eerie music actually reminded Veronica of Vivianne's voice. She turned it off and took her housedress off. It was so hot, it didn't matter that most of the day was over. Veronica reached back for the string to her bathing suit top and pulled it loose and the top fell to the floor. Her breasts smelled a little like the lake’s dirty water and were soft and white compared to her tan surrounding them. Next, she shimmied out of the bathing suit bottom and lied down on the bed, her soft curves bare, her body tired from the last twenty-four hours. She started to drift off into a nice, peaceful sleep… 
	"Your aunt's really fuggin' weird." The voice, his voice, just rose up suddenly, and it caused Veronica to shoot up in her bed. Banny! She looked down as he slid out from under her bed. He was amazed by how beautiful she looked. Banny couldn't stand skinny girls. Veronica was definitely not skinny. He could smell her sex revving up at the sight of him. She pulled the sheet over her so it was up to her neck, shy. 
	"What…are you doing here!" she shrilled. She wanted to throw something at him, but there was nothing in reach.
	"I never left," he shrugged.
	"Get out!" she didn't really want him to leave, but she was too shocked by the fact that he was hiding under her bed. How intrusive! How…creepy.
	"I really don't want to," he let her know. "There's nothing in the world I'd hate to do more."
	"I don't care!" She was so angry, baffled. He just stared at her, the thin, cheap bed sheet trying to hide her curves. There was no prettier fail in the world. He could see right through the material. 
	"Banny," she warned. 
	"I want you, Veronica," he said, looking her over. "I want you so much that…maybe I should stay away." He walked over to the door and stood there for a minute. He looked back at her. She still clung to the sheet, waiting for him to leave. Those delicate curves, that soft skin. He wanted her but he couldn't hurt her and he wasn't sure if there was a difference. He quickly opened the door, fighting against himself, against what he wanted, and ran down the stairs. He darted out of the house so fast that Vivianne didn't even see him. He didn't even know which way he was going, he didn't care. Away, because you will not hurt her. Go home, let your father beat the crap out of you for leaving work early and not showing up today, because that's better than hurting her.









Part 4
The Greater Wing of Sphenoid Bone








26
	"I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY!" Banny was screaming for mercy. His calls could easily be heard from the shabby white house on Desire Street. For one, it was two-thirty in the morning and most people were sleeping. Not in that house. It wasn't uncommon for a fight to break out at the Jones's house, but tonight was different. Banny sounded like he was in an excruciating amount of pain. Pall stood on his porch, staring. He didn't know what to do, but he knew he needed to do something. Usually it was just yelling back and forth, throwing things, and Banny would hop out of the window with a fresh shiner. 
	Pall waited, his heart racing as the screams turned into desperate howls. 
	"Jesus," Pall muttered. He turned to see his little sister, Clary, standing at the door.
	"What's going on?" she sleepily asked. 
	"Get inside," Pall told her, ushering her back into the hot, dark house. Pall followed her down the hallway of the messy house. There were toys out on the floor, an empty pizza box out on the coffee table. Pall and Clary were left in the care of their Aunt Morosa, who never came home. Pall was good at looking after his sister, not so good at cleaning the house.
	He went with his gut and picked up the phone. Pall hated the cops, but he knew Banny was in trouble, something was terribly wrong. His sister gazed up at him, bewildered.
	"Go get the gun and hide it," Pall simply told her. "Don't take it out the box, just put the box under the bed," he quickly added. She nodded and sheepishly walked off. Pall waited a few seconds and then dialed 911. 
Clary came back into the kitchen and just stared up at Pall. 
	"Yeah, that house again," he told the cops. "Okay." Pall hung up the phone and looked down at his sister, who was crying. 
	"Hey, its okay, you want a pop?" He walked over to the fridge and pulled out two frozen banana pops and handed her one. She calmed down as she pulled back the wrapper, focusing on it like it was the only thing in the world. He placed his hand on her head and waited when they saw the red light of an ambulance flashing against the window.
	"Banny!" Clary ran over to the window. There were two police cars parked in front of the Jones's and a stretcher was on the sidewalk. Clary pushed the popsicle into her brothers hands and ran to the front door. He followed her and looked across the street as the cops kicked in the front door. Three men followed with the stretcher. Clary turned and burrowed her face into her brother's chest. He watched as they brought Banny out on a stretcher. He had one shoe on and his other foot was only dressed in a sock. A towel, soaked with blood, covered his face. Pall kept his hand in her hair to prevent her from looking.
	“Is he okay?” she asked. Pall wished he could say yes, but he didn’t like lying to his sister. Plus, he had no idea. Clary glanced over and saw for herself. 
	"No!" Clary sobbed.
	"Its okay…" Pall tried to convince them both as they loaded Banny into the ambulance and shut the doors.
	Pall watched as the ambulance pulled off and the silence left behind was the worst thing Pall had ever heard.

27
	Basset hung out in the waiting room. He'd been to the hospital before, but never at 4 am. Everyone waiting for assistance looked like a zombie and everything felt like it was in black and white.
	Basset stared up at the TV but he wasn't seeing what was there. He was seeing his friend covered in blood and hearing his screams and knowing that a change in Banny had been made tonight. He wasn't going to die, but he wasn't going to be the same person after this. Basset stood up and walked around. He wanted to go find his father. How could he do that? How could he do that to his son?
	"Are you Basset?" a calm, soft-spoken nurse asked. Basset looked up at her and nodded.
	"How's my friend?" he asked, walking over to the nurse.
	She paused, and Basset knew that wasn't good. "He's going to need surgery, he's suffered a pretty severe facial fracture. While it's too early to tell if he'll have a speech impediment because of it, its something you should prepare for."
	Basset looked away. He'd only cried two times – when his little sister got very sick, and now. 
	"Is he in…a lot of pain?" Basset managed to ask, looking back at her. The nurse had never seen a better looking, humbler kid.
	She nodded. "We've given him morphine. He has a crack here," she ran her finger along the right side of her cheek, "Along his greater wing of sphenoid bone, a very critical bone mass of the sphenoid bone, and it presents depressions for the convolutions of the temporal lobe of the brain."
	Basset just stared at her, he only understand about half of what she just said. 
	"Is he, I mean…will have some soft of brain injury?" Basset tried to follow.
	"I don't think so, but its too soon to tell. Any head injury is touch and go. We'll have to drain his face in a few hours, and his right eye is swollen, but I really think if surgery goes well, he'll be okay. Surgery will be complicated because the of the auriculotemporal nerve, which if damaged during surgery…"
	Basset looked away again and took a deep breath. He shook his head and imagined ramming his hand into George's mouth. Basset was not a violent person, but tonight…
	"Can I see him?" Basset reminded himself of what was important – Banny and seeing him through this horror.
	"Of course, sweetie." Basset followed the nurse down the hallway, passed individual areas sectioned off by curtains. 
	"He's very medicated so…" she pulled the curtain back and Basset stared down at Banny, whom he barely recognized. The entire right side of his face was ballooned and covered with a bandage, his left eye weakly looked around the room. 
	"Hey," Basset pulled a chair up and tried to sound as comforting as possible. He took Banny's hand and waited for Banny to say something. Banny always tried to act tough, but tonight he was broken. Tears filled his left eye and his lips started trembling. 
	"Don't cry," Basset begged. Because Basset would cry too, and he wanted to be strong for his friend. 
	Banny couldn't help it. His face. What did he look like now? His eye was swollen. He slammed his fist against the bed, crinkling the paper. Basset squeezed his hand. 
	"Its okay, baby. You're gonna be okay - you're fucking strong." 
	"How could he do this to me?" Banny sobbed, his words slurred from his impairment. “Cause I left work early?” he bitterly spoke. “So he bashed my face in with a bat.”
	"He's a fucking bastard, and I'm sorry." 
	"It hurts, man," Banny winced, his face scrunching up into a ball. Basset gently ran his thumb along Banny's forehead. 
	"I'm gonna see you through this, I'm in this with you, you hear me?" Basset said. Banny squeezed Basset's hand and tried to calm down, because crying physically hurt. Anything hurt – breathing, thinking, life, anything. Basset could tell Banny wanted to talk though, and looked around the room before he saw the nurse.
	"Yo," Basset started to get up but Banny's hand latched onto him and wasn't letting go. 
	"Hey," Basset whispered. "I'll be right back, I'm just gonna go talk to the nurse." Banny stared at the ceiling, mortified. He finally let Basset’s hand go and Basset walked over to the nurse. 
	"Everything alright?" she checked. 
	"Yes…" Basset glanced at her nametag. "Jaime, I was wondering if you had a pen and paper, I think he wants to talk."
	"Sure," she walked over to the desk where another nurse was sitting. The nurse glanced up and Basset and smiled. Basset smiled back flirtatiously and took the pen and paper from Jaime. 
	"Thank you," Basset said.	
	"Okay, darling," Jaime said, smiling down at the nurse as Basset walked off. 
	“Well now, he’s the cutest thing this side of the Mississippi,” the nurse commented. 
	“Idn’t he?” Jaime agreed.

28
 	Banny couldn't write very well. The morphine had him so doped up that he just felt like a big cotton ball. But all he could do was think of her, and it helped. But he was upset because the last time he saw Veronica, she was mad and kicked him out of his room. 
	He tried to write the words ‘I'm sorry’ and managed to turn what could have been lazy, sloppy lines into curves that spelled out the message. He followed that with the words ‘you're great’ and passed it to Basset. But Basset had no idea what it meant or who it was for, so Banny turned the note over and wrote the word ‘Pretty’ then scratched through it and wrote ‘Beautiful waitress works at wallaces diner near Gentilly farm.’ He eyed Basset to see if he was following so far.
	"I know where it is." 
	Banny wrote, ‘go in the morning before 2 pm and give her this PLEASE.’ He eyed Basset again, and it was clear how much this meant to him. 
	"I will." Basset put the note in his back pocket. "I'll take it to her first thing tomorrow." Banny's face relaxed a little. Searing hot lines of pain ran through the right side of his face. He tried to stay still and wait for the pain to pass. After a few minutes, he lifted a couple of fingers, waving for the paper and pen again. He ripped the note in half, giving Basset the note for Veronica. He wrote on the new note, ‘I hate my father.’ 
	"I do too," Basset said, nothing but certainty. "But try and focus on you, okay?"
	Banny nodded and after a few more minutes, he fell into a deep, sedated sleep. Basset sat back in the chair. He was exhausted, and saw that the sky was lighting up a little. He wondered what happened after this, after Banny got out of the hospital. He knew that when Banny woke up, it would take him a minute to realize why he was in the hospital. It would all come back to him, he'd go through it all over again. His face would never be the same. Nothing else would, either. 
Basset decided to run down to the café for some coffee. He'd wait a little while for Banny to wake up and then he'd go off and find the diner. 
 	He saw Jaime sitting over by the window. Basset went and got one of those gross muffins from the vending machine just to talk to her. He had absolutely no intention on eating it.
	"Working third shift huh?" he said. 
	She scoffed. "Third, second, first…they invent a new one, I’ll be working that too." She rolled her eyes in a comical sort of way and glanced out of the window, spent. After a minute, she looked back at Basset. 
"How's your friend?"
	"Hard to tell," Basset came over to the table and sat down. "Better than this muffin," he joked, drawing a little smile from Jaime. 
	"He's lucky to have you."
	"I'm sorry – with all due respect – I don't see how he's lucky right now," Basset spoke. "And I'm a positive person, but I'm having trouble with this one."
	"How did it happen?" Jaime asked.
	"His old man…" Basset caught a tear in the corner of his eye. 
	"I've seen worse. He can come back from this,” Jaime said.
	"I don't think so."
	"You have to make him think so – that's your job," she looked right at him. "We had a kid once, brought in…who was ran over, on purpose, by their father once. Ran over by a truck."
	"Did he survive?" Basset asked after a minute of trying to accept such a dark truth.
	"She did, yes."
	Basset glanced out of the window.
	"Music helps," Jaime said. "Play him music." 
	"Okay, yeah, I'll make him a mix tape."
	"Surround him with his favorite things, good people, light. He'll get through it."
    	Basset stood up and gave Jaime one of his wonderfully charming smiles. "Thank you, Jaime. I hope you get some time off soon."
	"I hope everyone does," she said. He winked at her before walking off and she shook her head at how precious he was, smitten. 

29
	Veronica stared lazily across the field. It was Monday, and two days had gone by now since she'd been to work. She just couldn't go back. A part of her missed it, there were a few customers she actually enjoyed seeing every day. She missed the free coffee too - which was stronger than the stuff she had in the house. And she was upset with herself for being so irresponsible. And she missed Banny. She still remembered the way he was looking at her the day she kicked him out. At first, he looked defiant and then his face caved into the saddest puppy dog gaze.
	She looked over at the dooming towers of the Lignite Plant. Maybe she should go see him, even though she could barely endure that place. She'd taken many baths since her visit but her clothes had that burning smell on them still. She heard the door open behind her and Vivianne came out on the porch. One day she would wear a nice dress with slippers and the next, a nightgown with nice dress shoes. She never paired an outfit properly. It was just one of the many things off about her.
	She could feel Vivianne's eyes on her, and something she wanted to say intensifying. 
	"Don't you work?" Vivianne finally asked. What was it to her, Veronica thought, livid. She didn't want anyone telling her what to do right now, especially Vivianne. 
	"I'm taking a couple of days off," Veronica said. 
	"Well apparently," Vivianne chuckled.
	"What about you?" Veronica shot back. She didn't mean to sound so rude. She tried to soften her tone. "How are things for you?"
	"Oh gosh, been working in this rinky-dink pawn shop for the creepiest man alive."
	This was a story Veronica didn't want to hear.  
 	"Pawn shops are actually doing well these days because everyone is so broke - the things people come in their to get money for - it’s heartbreaking."
	Veronica stood up and walked down the steps of the front porch. She was pining for Banny and if she could take that night back, she wouldn't kick him out of her room. 
	"I'm going to go for a walk," Veronica told Vivianne.
	"You and your walks - like your daddy," Vivianne said. "Always wandering off. Be careful." 
	It bothered Veronica that Vivianne always tagged a "be careful" at the end of her sentences. Did she think something bad would happen to Veronica like it did her and her father?  
	"I'll be fine," Veronica said, heading towards the lake. Her heart had this crazy longing she'd never felt before, and her body was stamped with an erotic fragrance of sex, just waiting for him to take her over. Him, it had to be him.  
	
30
	Basset walked into the little diner and looked around. He didn't find it as appealing as Banny had, it felt small and had a superior vibe to it. It was sunny and had nice views of the lake. The waitresses were uppity. Basset looked around for Veronica, whom Banny had described as a brunette Marilyn Monroe. 
	"Hello," Mandy approached Basset. "One?" 
	"No, I'm looking for Veronica," he smiled. Mandy found Basset cute, as every girl did, but he wasn't her type. Mandy looked back at the new waitress, Bridgette, who came from a pristine family and a huge house out in Denham Springs. She and Wendy got along like two kittens in a basket. 
	"Uh, yeah, she's not here," Wendy sassed, looking back at Bridgette. Wendy had told Bridgette a bunch of gossip about Veronica (she had sex with that crazy kid from New Orleans, Banny Jones, she also twisted the story around about Vivianne, claiming that when Vivianne was a man, she'd molested her brother, Donovan). Wendy waved Bridgette over, wanting to continue the series of exaggerated stories. 
	"Okay, well," Banny looked down at the note in his hand. "Could you pass this along to her when you see her? Its from Banny."  
	Wendy reframed from saying anything spunky and took the note. "Okay sure," she said. 
	Basset hesitated. He just wanted to get out of here and back to Banny. 
	"Cool, thanks." Basset walked out.
	"What does it say?" Bridgette asked, hovering over Wendy's shoulder. Wendy snickered as she read the brief note. 
	"I'm sorry - you're great." Wendy snorted.
	"Wow, what a poet!" Bridgette joked. 
	"You know what I heard?" Wendy turned around, chewing on a piece of gum. 
 	"What?" Bridgette's eyes sparkled with wonder. To her, Wendy was an exciting saga, everyday she told Bridgette a new story that kept work exciting.
	"Banny, the freak that wrote this very insightful note, nearly beat someone to death one night in Bunkie."
	"What?"
	"Yeah, my boyfriend said some dudes called Banny a fag and Banny got a friend of his and they dragged the kid by his ear out to a field, tied him to a tree and threw rocks and like lit matches at him for hours.”   
	Bridgette rolled her eyes. "Jeez."
	"Yeah, totally. Like, Jeff was all upset when Veronica quit – you know, by just not showing up that morning so I had to do the work of two people, but I was like since she's gone that weirdo won't be back. It’s a blessing in disguise." 
	"So true," Bridgette agreed, glancing down at the note. "So what should we do with that?"
	"Well," Wendy walked over to the trashcan. "I mean he probably broke his brain writing this long, heartfelt message but…" she tossed it into the trash. "I'm going to do that poor girl a favor, I mean her life's trashy enough, she doesn't need him in it." 
	Bridgette giggled and went over to the kitchen window to take an order that just came up.

31
  	Basset returned to the hospital that afternoon. Jaime wasn't there, and there was a nurse Basset had never seen now on duty. He went into Banny's room. Banny's face was still bandaged up and his left eye had a sorrowful gaze to it. 
	"You find her?" he asked, hoping. 
	"She wasn't there, but I passed the note to another waitress." 
	Banny wasn't pleased. "I wanted her to get it," he said. At least he was starting to sound like his old, tenacious self, Basset thought.
	"I'm sorry dude - I'll go back by there tomorrow."
	Banny wasn't happy. He wanted to see her, and apologize for being such a stupid bastard. 
	"How you feelin?" Basset asked.
	"Like shit…like shit that wants to kill people." 
  	Basset looked down at what he'd brought for Banny. It was a shoebox of stuff, but for some reason it had caught his eye and there were some pretty decent cassette tapes in it.
"So…on my way here I found a box of cassette tapes…I don't know if there's 
anything in here you like, I know you like that punk stuff…I brought a boombox too."
	Banny sat up in bed and immediately started shuffling through the tapes, his interest perking, his left eye working for his right, very alert. There was a sense of determination to Banny today, so intense it was worrisome. Basset was just glad to see him sitting up in bed.
	He picked out The Essential Roy Orbison and held it for a minute and looked around the room for the boombox. Basset reached back for it and took the tape from Banny. 
	"Really?" Basset said, a bit surprised. “The Big O, huh?” There were other tapes in there he thought Banny would prefer - Social Distortion, The Misfits, and other punk stuff. Basset put the tape in and pushed play. Oh, Pretty Woman came on and Banny just listened and thought of Veronica. He liked Roy's voice – timeless, sad, haunting. Banny lied back down in the bed and stared at the ceiling, drifting off. 
	Basset felt his phone buzz in his backpocket. 
	"You ain't gotta sit here all day," Banny spoke. It was still a little hard to understand him. He'd had his face drained twice, but it hurt when he talked, so he moved his mouth as little as possible. "I know you got bettah things to do."
	"I can stay,” Basset said, not arguing, only presenting.
	Banny shut his eye and a tear drifted down his cheek and the one promise he made to himself today, that he wouldn't cry, was broken.  
  




Part 5
Washing Ships Off Breakfast Trays






32
	It was their first huge fight. It had been in the corner, strengthening, feeding off of tension, like a demon.
	Veronica was upset because she hadn't heard from Banny. He must have just disappeared, found a girl in New Orleans, and forgotten about the virgin on the farm afraid to have sex. Vivianne was downstairs, talking to Bob and calling for Veronica. Did she think she was her mom? That Veronica should just step to because that was what Vivianne wanted?
	Tired of being called downstairs, Veronica stomped down the stairs and went into the kitchen.
	"What?" she snapped. Vivianne just looked at her. Today, Vivianne sported a padded bra under a black wife-beater and tight jeans and high heel shoes. It was just too much for Veronica to deal with. 
	"Well, good morning to you too," Vivianne quipped. "Get dressed, Bob is taking us into New Orleans to get some furniture."
	"I don't care, I'm not going." Veronica crossed her arms, pushing her breasts up a little. She caught Bob looking and turned and went back upstairs. All she wanted was Banny, and he was gone. She went into her room and slammed the door and many negative thoughts took over. Her mother had only called once – once – since she left for Chicago. It was almost like she was coming back. People just disappeared. She stared angrily at the Fair Swing Carousel on her dresser and walked over to it. She picked it up and slammed it against the floor just as Vivianne started knocking on her door.
	"Veronica - you come out here this second, stop behaving like this."
	"You're not my mother!" Veronica shouted. 
	"Well, no, but I have been left in charge."
	"You haven't been left in charge! You had nowhere to go!” Veronica was so angry, her legs were trembling. She picked up the Fair Swing and hurled it against the wall so hard it released more tiny passengers. “You can't be honest about anything!” Veronica yelled, pulling her hair out of her face, which was wet with tears. “About how what happened to you when you were little ruined you and my dad and now I pay for it! I FUCKING PAY FOR IT! My mom leaves to Chicago and just forgets she has a daughter! I'm sick of it! I'm sick of everyone running away when they don't need to be here and coming here because they have nowhere else to go! GET OUT! Go buy fucking lamps or whatever, I don't care!" Veronica felt dizzy from yelling so much. Then she just felt empty. There was something about how she felt that was immensely satisfying. She’d been keeping all of that in for too long. 
  	Vivianne was quiet and Veronica thought she had walked away. Veronica looked down at the smashed carousel. More tiny passengers had popped out of their swings, years of dried up glue no longer holding it all together. For some reason, the sight of it calmed her down. 
 	After a minute, she opened the door and saw Vivianne in all her red-wig glory, sitting on the steps. 
	"I'm sorry," Veronica said. "I'm upset about something – it's not you. And Bob is creepy."
	"Oh, he's just a man. Maybe if you wore something else…"
	"Oh, okay, what? A trash bag? Its not my fault he's perverted."
	"Honey, just get dressed, I'd like to get to the Quarter before all the good places close,” Vivianne requested.
 	Veronica went over to her closet. She pulled out a black skirt that hugged her curves, and a faded Coca Cola shirt. She pulled her hair back in a ponytail and took a pair of flip-flops and went downstairs. She avoided Bob at all costs. She endured his old, dusty truck, the burning leather seats, and stared out at every passing tree and dilapidated farmhouse, wishing she'd see him walking along the road. That hair, that cute, strange little walk of his. She remembered how he felt between her legs, how he smelled, how they clung to each other like they were about to fall to Hell and that would be fine as long as they had one another. 

33
	Pall watched as Banny walked down the street. He didn't take a cab from the hospital, he had no money except for what Basset had given him, which he wanted to keep to buy something nice for Veronica. Banny walked differently, with a defensive stride. His face was still swollen, but the bandage was off. His eye was black and blue and he had a cut on the right side of his mouth. The painkillers left him somewhat subdued. 
	Pall watched as Banny walked into the house, worrying that he might never see him again. Banny's father wasn't home. He was at the plant, Banny assumed. Banny looked at the banged up acoustic guitar Basset had given him in the hospital. It was cool, but it wasn't a black electric guitar like he wanted. One day, he thought, he'd get the guitar of his dreams – one day when his life wasn't such a nightmare. 
	"Use what you got," was another one of Basset's favorite sayings. Banny practiced on the guitar for a little bit, until his phone rang.
	"Hello," Banny spoke in a subtle, low voice because he talked funny now. 
	"Hey," Basset's relaxed voice came through the phone. "How you doing?"	
	"Okay." Banny tried to smile, but his right cheek was too puffy. He was happy to hear from Basset so soon after getting out of the hospital. "I was…practicing the guitar." Banny wondered if Basset could understand him.
	"That's cool - hey, there's an open mic tonight at that café we hate, we could annoy the barista and check it out."
	"I ain't…goin out like this." Banny said, sounding remarkably defeated. That was not him. Basset had to bring out the old Banny somehow. Basset was quiet. He tried to think of something to say to get Banny out of the house. 
	"Okay…I'll call you tomorrow - or maybe come by."
	"Cool." Banny placed the guitar down and picked up the gun on his dresser.

34
	In and out of the dark antique stores that smelled strange, looking at dolls and toys that had been given up, so many slightly damaged things, and all Veronica wanted to do was be left alone. She went out into the Quarter and walked down Charles Street. Vivianne was too busy gawking over some weird lamp she wanted to buy for the farmhouse, and Veronica was biting her tongue. She wanted to tell her that she wasn't going to live there, that she had to come up with a plan – somewhere to go. And they shouldn't be picking things out without Betsy.
	Veronica walked along, dragging her feet towards a café with a cute patio. She heard music, and while it was a bit too loud and unnerving, cutting across an otherwise peaceful sunset, she was drawn to it. She looked at the girl with black hair strumming her guitar and walked by the fishpond and inside the tiny kiosk. She would feel better after an iced coffee. She gave the busy barista her name and stood over by the vending machine when a very cute boy approached her.  
	"Excuse me?" The boy said. Veronica looked up at him, a little caught off guard. 
	"Yes?"
	"You're Veronica?" he asked, narrowing his pretty hazel eyes.
	"Yes…"
	Basset broke out into a great smile. “I thought I heard you tell the barista that. Listen, I'm Basset, I'm a friend of Banny's…”
	“Banny? Banny Jones?” Basset had never seen anyone’s face light up so much. Her eyes were a lighter brown, this relief just washed over her. "Banny - is he here?"
	"Uh, nah, he's at home…he just got out of the hospital."
	"What? Is he okay?" Now she looked close to tears.
	"Yeah…his dad…beat him up pretty bad. He's okay though," Basset tried to sound positive. "He's been talking about you nonstop, you get that note?" Veronica just shook her head. Basset reached back for her iced coffee. She was so overwhelmed to hear about Banny that she didn't hear her name called.     
	"You didn't get it?” He asked, handing her the coffee. She was no longer interested in the coffee. 
	“No…”
“I left it there for you, at the diner you work at. I gave it to some blonde girl."
	"I don't work there anymore," Veronica said. "You probably gave it to Mandy, who hates me and she hated Banny – she has a very small mind, like a little flashlight in a tunnel. She doesn't see much." 
	"He wrote that he was sorry and that you're great – it said, I’m sorry, and you’re great,” Basset tried to get it right. Then he just got as real as he could. “He really likes you.” He looked at her, making sure she understood it. “I don’t know if like, he did something or whatever, but,” Basset licked his thick lips. “He kinda, like, does crazy shit and thinks about it after, and he knows it was wrong. He’s sorry.”  
	“He pretended to be gone and he was hiding under my bed,” Veronica said, her voice low and sort of unsure how to feel about it now. Basset looked shocked, his eyes popping wide open before he brought his lose fist to his mouth and laughed into it.
	“Okay, damn, my boy’s crazy. Anyway…he feels really bad about it." 
“I'm not mad at him anymore,” she said. “I just want to see him – is he okay?" She hoped so, looking at Basset for reassurance. 
“He’s a tough kid,” Basset said, for sure. “His face is pretty swollen, but I know he wants to see you.” 
	"Take me to him, please, Basset." 
	Basset eyed her crucially for a minute. Veronica was very beautiful, and very innocent. Basset knew Banny inside and out, and was trying to grab the wheel and save Banny from going off the road. He didn't want to put Veronica in the car. 
	"Please, if you don't I'll just follow you and find him myself."
	"Okay, okay." Great, she was just as stubborn as Banny was. Veronica followed Banny out of the patio and onto the street. She didn't want these minutes, these minutes without him. She wanted to be a superhero so she could fly to him. She wanted a time machine. Whatever could make him with her right now, she wanted.

	Veronica walked ferociously to the front porch of Banny's house, alongside Basset, and knocked on the door. Basset heard a dog bark, which was odd because they didn't have a dog - unless they just got one today. The dog sounded so vicious that Basset looked around for his safety, prepared to run if needed. When George pulled the door open, Basset stepped up protectively so he stood next to Veronica.
	"Where's Banny?" Basset asked him. 
	George gave a pompous shrug. "I don't know." 
	"Why did you hurt him?" Veronica asked. George placed his cold blue eyes on her and rubbed a stain on his dirty white shirt. 
	"You shouldn't waste your time on him, sweet tits." 
	"Hey!" Basset stepped forward and George pushed him back. The dog, which was still out of sight, started growling.   
	"Got a dog," George grinned sinisterly as he rubbed his potbelly. "Banny doesn't like the dog, so Banny took off. Dog makes a much better kid for me, tie him up, put down a bowl of food and that's it."
	“You’re a fucking monster, you have a great son,” Basset said. “You’re trying to ruin him because you’re ruined and you’re pissed about it.”
	“You don’t know a goddamn thing!” George shot back. “Get off my property ‘fore I sick this dog on you.” 
	Basset shook his head and took Veronica by her hand. 
	"Come on, we'll find him, I know all his spots,” he promised her.
	Veronica walked away but kept looking over her shoulder to shoot George mean looks. 
	"You're the one that's a waste of time," she told him. "And you know it – that's why you reek of depression."
	Basset couldn't help but smile when she told him this, but his only priority was getting Veronica away from him and finding Banny.

35
 	It was hard to walk. Banny never thought walking would be such a challenge. His face was so swollen on the right side that it throbbed with every step he took, and felt like it would split open and nastiness would pool out onto the hot road. He almost wished it was – the swelling was a horrific nuisance. But Banny was going to keep walking, just to see her. He was never going back home to his dad or that vicious pit bull. If he wasn't fantasizing about Veronica, he was fantasizing about his house burning down with his dad in it. The dog too. 
	He was a bit lightheaded from the painkillers and the heat, and he certainly didn't drink enough water. By the time he made it to the lake, it was nighttime and he hid behind a tree, watching. He could feel she wanted him here, he just had to find her. He saw a dirty truck parked in the driveway and watched Vivianne and Bob talk on the front porch. It was very dark, so they couldn't see Banny as he walked towards them. He had no idea what he was going to do, but he was too out of his mind to think that whatever he did do wouldn't work. He just wanted her, to fall into her softness. 
	He took another step forward and his leg slipped right through the earth below, into a wide open space. He slapped his hands onto the handle of the cellar door. He was amazed at how quick his reflexes were. He hung there desperately for a minute before his feet found the ladder. A fucking cellar. He almost laughed. He'd banged his chin really hard but that was nothing compared to his cheek. It was basically a paper cut. He placed his feet on the ladder and scrambled downward. He moved quicker than a gutter rat. He could hear Vivianne talking as she came near and hid over in a corner. He was all giddy, he couldn't believe they had a cellar. This was his new home. He could stay here, hide here, and never have to deal with his old man again.

	After a long search for Banny, Veronica ended up returning to the farm. It was very late, and Vivianne was asleep. At least Veronica had that to be grateful for, but she was still distraught about Banny. She just wanted to put her arms around him and make sure he was okay. She walked into her room and thought her pining had made her delusional when she saw him standing in front of her window. He put his finger on his lips to tell her to be quiet. A joyous gasp fell through her body. She was so excited that she couldn't move right then. She just stood there. 
	"Are you really here?" she asked. 
 	He nodded, his eyes hungrily reviewing her from head to toe. Don't attack, love, he told himself. He was afraid to move.  
	"Are you okay?" she asked, tears welling in her eyes. He nodded. She took her shoes off and walked barefoot over to him. He shut his eyes, just the sight of her comforted him, but she was coming over to him now, and he wasn't sure if he could even take the sweetness. He felt her soft body press against his, felt her hand carefully touch his swollen cheek. She was very careful not to hurt him.
	"Baby," she whispered. "Basset told me what happened to you."
	Banny couldn't help but cry, her presence was so mending. 
	"Touch me," he said. "Please." She looked up at him. His hair was thicker, and despite his injury, he looked very good tonight, his tough bravado shined through. He was ready to fight – not her – but the world in general. She could feel his defensiveness radiating off of him. She wanted to calm him more than anything. 
	"Shh," she told the rage inside him. She kissed his warm neck and took in his smell. She wanted him all night, and wanted to observe every single thing about him so he was the sky in the morning. He was everything all the time. She looked down at him and felt him pressing against his black trousers. She ran her gently through his hair, looked at him, and let her hand drift down his chest. She could feel his warmth through his tattered white shirt. She hungrily tasted his mouth, and so much bled through - desire, pain, and the fact that this would be the longest, most important night of her whole life. 
	“Baby,” she whispered. “I’m here to soothe you.”
	He almost cried more, but stopped himself. He didn’t want to ruin this great moment with tears. She placed her hands on his chest and pushed him against the window. She ran her hand down to the waist of his trousers and he tried to kiss her but she wanted to look in his eyes as she unbuttoned his pants. She gently slipped her hand down and touched him and sighed. 
	"Banny," she said as she neared him and licked his neck. "Banny…" she sighed again, rubbing against him. He placed his hands on her ass and pulled her against him, getting his rabidity back. They got lost in a long, bruising kiss. She moaned and hoped Vivianne didn't hear it. 
	"Oh god…" she looked up at him, breathless and excited. His eyes matched the dark night pressed against the window. He ran his hands up and down her amazing bottom and bit her bottom lip just enough to cause a little pain. 
	"Oh," her whole body rocked from multiple sensations. “Banny,” she sighed. 
	"Get on the bed," he said. His demand was delicate and yet stern. She was so wet. She felt close to faint. This boy.
	"Just sit down on the edge," he tried to soften his voice. He never wanted to yell at her or hurt her. He knew sex would hurt her though, it hurt everyone in a ton of ways, but it would also be amazing. He would make sure. 
	She obeyed, sitting on the edge of the bed and staring up at him with a docile, worshipful gaze. She parted her knees so he was standing between them. He put his hand in her soft, tangled hair and she placed her hand against his throbbing cock. 
	“Tonight…I want to have sex,” she told him.
	"Take your dress off," he said. She gazed up at him for a few more rattling seconds before sitting back a little and lifting her tired housedress up over her head and placing it on the bed next to her. He looked her over. His bedroom eyes flashing deviance. The way she stared up at him, hungry for direction, just killed him.  
	"Now…" he eyed the wall for a second, his voice was hoarse from smoking and yelling at his dad earlier. 
	"Get on your knees, facing the wall, and don't move, okay?" he looked at her, wanting to make sure she wanted this. 
	She ran her hands up his legs, over his cock and up under his shirt. She did this crazy thing and bit on down on the waist of his trousers. She wanted it. She turned around and crawled along the bed, stopping so her ass was in the air. 
 	"Yeah," he said in a pleased whisper. He got behind her, also on his hands and knees, and with his teeth, he pulled her panties down so he could take in her scent. He ran his hands down her legs, in between her thighs. He was magnificent, the way he touched her. He pulled at her underwear, which was still around her thighs, so the elastic burned against her skin just a little. Then he trailed his tongue along her side, across the soft curve of her breast. He placed his hand on the middle of her back.
	"Don't move," he pressed. 
	She felt like she was dying, her breath choppy, wondering what he was about to do. Her pussy was a tight ball of anxiousness as he wrapped his arms around her legs and kissed her bottom, bringing her most vulnerable parts closer to his face. 
	"Jesus," he sighed. "Are you okay?" he checked.
	"Yes, but I want to look at you…" she said. He gently turned her over, her bottom pressing against the mattress, her insane beauty right there in front of him, as they kept their eyes locked on one another. 
	"You want me in you?" he whispered once she was on her back. He watched her tits jiggle, he ran his hand down her face.
	"Yes, all night," she said. 
	He spoke very intimately, "I'm going to get you ready first, open you up," he slid his hand along her fleshy thigh, then gently ran his knuckles over her pussy. The warm wetness was astounding. He watched her eyes as she closed them.
	"Banny," she whispered. "I'm so glad you're here." She wrapped her arms around him as he slowly slipped a finger inside of her. She wasn't expecting to feel so much from so little, but her body trembled against him. He tugged on her shoulder with his teeth and she pulled at his hair. 
	"I want you in me," she whispered. "Please." 
	He tried to open her up more. He knew if he tried to fuck her now, it would hurt a lot. He practiced with two fingers, adding a little pressure. She winced and pressed her cheek against his shoulder. He kissed her affectionately and she touched his penis. It was so full, so threatening. She spread her legs and looked him in the eyes. She wanted him now.
	He did this amazing thing, giving her an Eskimo kiss on her chin as he slid up inside her. This way he could watch her mouth closely as it opened wide and her eyes shut tight, and it was everything she expected and more. The pain…
	She clawed at his back like she was trying to get away and inside him at the same time.
	"Ban…Banny…"
	"You okay?" he checked.
	She was quiet and still for a minute, eyes wide open as she stared at the ceiling and her body tried to get used to what was happening. She felt him everywhere.
	"Yes…yes…" 
	The second she said that, he moved up inside her more.
	"Oh!" she thought he was already in all the way, but she was wrong. She pressed her nose against his shoulder and held on tight. She felt so much better than any girl he'd been with. It wasn't just because she was a virgin, but because he cared about her so much. He wanted to make her feel good, he didn't just want to get off. He got lost in his pleasure all of the sudden and tried not to come. He buried his sore face against her breast and pushed harder.
	"Ahhh!" she moaned and moved around a little. It was strange that she was so comforting to him while he caused her pain and changed her and there was no going back. 
	He looked up at her questionably, but the look in his eyes was hard and a bit vicious, he was getting so much pleasure from her now he couldn't stop thrusting. The more he penetrated her, the louder she cried. 
	"Put something…" she gasped. "Put something in my mouth…" she begged. She didn't want to wake up Vivianne.
	He looked around, not wanting to pull out of her. Never ever. He saw her tattered white housedress and looked back down at her. Her cheeks were red, her eyes shot with shock, he kissed her very gently on her forehead and moved a little as he reached for the dress. He held it above her head and ripped a piece off it. He moved in her again and she gasped and he put a ball of the old dress inside her mouth. This turned him on more than he'd ever tell anyone. He got even harder and started fucking her faster. She kept her face pressed against her shoulder, blood pooling against her thighs, her legs bent, his hands on her soft bottom, her smell just painting everything. 
	"Oh Jesus…" he sighed. "Baby…" he was going to come. He looked up at her, at the white cloth sticking out of her mouth, her eyes. He had her, he had smeared her light with darkness…

36
	Banny held Veronica all night long, and she clung to him. She couldn't bear the thought of him leaving tomorrow, having to go back home. 
	"I don't want your father to hurt you again," she said. 
	"He won't," Banny said. The gun was in Banny's room. So.
	"I don't want you to go," she curled up next to him so she was in a fetal position, her face against his arm, her knees touching his side. 
	"I could stay…in the cellar." 
	She was very quiet. How did he know there was a cellar?
	"I fell into it fucking last night, I came to see you, and I just fell." He didn’t sound that embarrassed, just amused. 	
	"Oh no!" she giggled. "So you went down there?"
	He nodded, his arm draped around her as he gently played with her hair. 
	"What's down there?" she wondered, using her babyish voice. He smiled softly at that. 
	"Weird stuff, silverfish, bottles in paper bags."
	"Silverfish?" she said. Banny loved the way she said those one-word questions, like a child, it was so endearing.
	"Yeah," he smiled gently. 
	"What's that? Fish?"
	He couldn’t help but laugh. “No, princess, like…they’re called silverfish because they’re weird little silver things, but they’re insects, sweetie. They move quickly, like fish swim."
	"Oh god!"
	“Come to think…I think I saw one under your bed earlier.”
	“No!” She looked at him in total fright. “You didn’t.”
	He made a silly face and ran two little fingers along her thigh and she screamed.
	“Banny! STOP IT!” She giggled and their silly game turned into a sexy wrestling match with Banny getting hold of her and holding her against him. She loosened up in his grip and eventually they were back to a comfortable position, lying next to each other.
	"You can't stay down there, not with bugs.”
	"Babe, its fine. Its better than my dad and Charlotte." 
	"Who is Charlotte?" she asked, concerned, eyes on him. 
	"This dog," he closed his eyes regretfully. "This really mean pit bull, I think was abused so it would be mean…she.” He opened his eyes back up. “The dog’s a girl. Anyway, my dad…kicks her sometimes, I don't know what to do."
	"Banny," Veronica was in tears and this made Banny very distraught. He didn't want this stuff in her head. He placed his hand over his eyes and started crying. He sat up in bed. His face hurt when he cried, and part of the reason he was crying was because of his face. It was all maddening.
	“Baby…” Veronica sat up and draped her arm around him. The sheet was sticking with blood and it stuck to her thigh. 
	"Its bad…its so bad sometimes I wake up in the morning and think my life had to be some sort of crazy nightmare, and I'm gonna walk out into the kitchen and I'm gonna have a mom…and she's like making me breakfast and I've never heard of Lignite." 
	Veronica kissed him on the side of his head. 
	“My friend basset says I just gotta create that life for myself, you know, eventually, but…sometimes I feel like I ain’t gonna make it that long.”
	“Yes, yes, you will.” She held his hand and he started to calm down.  
	"But you,” he looked over at her, no longer crying. “I got you, right?"
	"Yes," she said tenderly. "You have got me," she swore.  
 
	The next morning she woke up in a panic - the last thing she wanted was Vivianne knocking on her door. She looked at Banny, sleeping, his hair in his face, his beautiful body aglow with morning sunlight. She didn't want to wake him, but had to kiss him, to taste his skin permeated with morning sweetness. 
	"Banny," she sighed in his ear. She was sore, and felt where he'd been, what he'd done. "Banny." She kissed his chest. He felt her hair spill over him. It was like having a kitten on his chest. This was how he should wake up every morning. He felt her breasts against his chest and looked up at her face, into her eyes. 
	They got lost in a long kiss, and it wasn't long before he was touching her. He felt dried up blood and fresh wetness. He got up and splayed her on her back. He kissed her tenderly as excitement popped her eyes open from their morning grogginess. She felt his cock pressed against her leg, ready to go. 
	“Banny,” she petted him, playing with his hair as he made his way down her body. 
	“Jesus, Veronica, you’re so soft…I can’t get over it.” He looked up at her with this crazy, bewildered smile. He looked back down and kissed her belly. Then her thigh. Each kiss meant something, his lips pressing against her pugnaciously and yet with a tenderness that was out of this world. 
Her scent was insane, and he started licking the cakey blood off of her thighs. 
“Mmmm,” she moaned and writhed about, pulled his hair, growing very anxious as he got closer to her pussy. He looked up at her, as if warning her about what he was about to do. Then he slipped his hands under her ass to pull her closer to him. She felt his tongue lick against the stickiness, opening her up.
“Ban…Banny!” she tossed and turned. "Take me," she begged, tossing her head right to left. "Please." She was burning for him. She couldn't believe what he was doing. She felt his teeth as he chewed on her to loosen the blood before he swallowed. His focus was insane. 
“Ban…” he felt the heels of her feet on his shoulders. She was so engrossed in what he was doing she couldn’t say his entire name. He loved that. 
He locked his fingers around her ankle and moaned as he shoved his tongue up inside her. Her whole body reacted, her back arched and she let out the most incredible moan, a gospel straight from the gut.
His hand left her ankle and he groped her breast as he used his other hand to play with her, one finger penetrating her and then his tongue working back up inside of her. 
“Ahhhhh!” That sigh meant more than the last. Then her body twitched violently, as if it meant to fold in the center like paper. He grabbed her wrist in a very stern grip before he lost some hair and watched her jiggle about, imprisoned in a magnificent orgasm. 
	When she calmed down he moved up her body and entered her and her eyes opened wide and she wrapped herself around him, feeling tired and vulnerable as he penetrated her. 
	“Banny…” she whispered, kissing him on the shoulder.  

37	
	They lied there for a while afterwards. 
	"You really going to go into the cellar?" she asked him.
	"Yes, come and see me later today – when you've had enough time to recover." That was a bit cocky, but Banny had a cocky side that was just now starting to show. He drew near her face and kissed her. She could taste herself. 
	"What are you gonna do today, Princess?" he asked, running his knuckles gently along her cheek. 
	"Miss you until I see you again. Take a bath…go to the lake! Let's meet at the lake tonight." She was excited to see him again and he was still here. Was this what love was? Just so wild, like thunder in the sky, loud but you could never really see what it was exactly. 
	"Yeah okay," he smiled and squeezed her tight. 
	"Okay, I'm going to go distract Vivianne and you can go down to the cellar, or to the lake. Just stay out of her sight." Veronica rolled her eyes. "Hopefully she'll be gone soon and my mom will be here, my mom would really like you, I bet."
 	"Oh yeah?" he asked, getting up to find his clothes. Veronica looked outside. It was a nice day, clouds were breaking and the sun was barring down. Swimming at the lake with him later was going to be amazing.

  	Veronica was sore and tired an hour later, after Banny had left. She felt unexpectedly depressed and conflicted when it came to Banny. Did he love her? He hardly knew her. What if he just…no, it wasn't like that. She wanted to be left alone and take a long, hot bath, gather herself. She felt a bit feverish.
	Bob was here, which also had her tense. He must have spent the night. Bob and Vivianne?! The thought disgusted her. She threw a towel down in a fit and walked back into her room. Banny had left his shirt here. She picked it up and smelled him. The aroma of bad boy. She took it with her to the bathroom, along with some candles and her dad's mix tape. 
	She slowly introduced her body to the hot water. The whole room was steamy and the mirror was fogged up. She would write his name in it later. She watched as the water turned a little pink from her blood. She was even still bleeding when she peed. She wondered what he was doing down in the cellar. What kind of boy would rather hang out under the ground than go home? The boy you lost your virginity to. What was he doing down there, alone, just him and silverfish? 
 	"Veronica?" Vivianne called as she came up the stairs. "Now where on earth are you? Its nearly two pm and you haven't shown your face."
	"I'm taking a bath," Veronica said, cringing at the sound of Vivianne's voice and hating having to answer to her. "Not feeling too well," she added, passively.
	Vivianne was quiet as she stood right outside the bathroom door. 
	"Your mother called,” she said about a minute later. “She asked about you.” That just sounded like a hook for a fish. Veronica really didn’t want to see or speak to Vivianne, and she was sure Vivianne bought up her mother just so she would. “You know, I didn't know what to say - the way you've been behaving, and not going to work."
	"How's she doing? She having fun?" Veornica shot back, picking up Banny shirt to clam her. She placed it on her face, getting it a little wet. She chuckled when she wondered if this was the first time the dirty shirt had any contact with water. 
	"She is having a nice time,” Vivianne replied, indifferent. “She'll be back soon."
	"Soon? She didn't give a specific time?"
	"No dear, things are going good for her and this guy, maybe he'll come back with her."
	"And what are you going to do?" Veronica asked. 
	Vivianne didn't answer right away. "I'm not sure, I'd like to discuss such matters with your mother."
	“Betsy,” Veronica spoke, livid. “Just call her Betsy.”
	“V, why don’t you come down and help me figure out what to do with the stuff we bought yesterday?”
	Veronica was very quiet. Him. He was all she could think about. 
 
"I'll come down later," Veronica spoke, just so Vivianne would leave her in peace. 

38
	She put his shirt on when she got out of the bath. She stared at herself in the mirror. Did she look different now? Would Vivianne be able to tell she'd been defiled? It was too late now, hopefully it would go unnoticed. She put on a pair of snug jeans, put her hair up because she couldn't be bothered with it and walked barefoot down into the kitchen. She could hear Vivianne cackling at some dumb joke Bob just told. 
	"Well look who finally decided to grace us," Vivianne started. Veronica held back on saying anything smart, like “Who?” She refused to look at Bob. All she could think about was the lake and the cellar. Him.
	Vivanne's eyes landed on Banny's dirty white t-shirt. You could say it was a plain white t-shirt, but it was dirty so it wasn't plain. Veronica looked down at it as if she had no idea what her mother was questioning her for. 
	"I found it at a thrift shop when we went into the Quarter," she shrugged. She was never taking it off…well, unless he told her to. She could still hear his voice, him telling her to take her dress off, that soft and yet stern request. It just shut everything else down.  
	"Veronica?" Vivianne was studying her closely. "So, you said you were sick earlier, what are your symptoms?" she asked. 
	Boy.
	"I don't know." She just shrugged. 
	Vivianne glanced at her and then at Bob. Why was Bob here? He didn't live here. 
	"Are you back on those sleeping pills again?" Vivianne asked her. "Is that why you no longer have a job? Is that why you sleep so late now?"
	Veronica just sat there. She wanted to run. Why couldn't she leave everything behind to be with a boy? That's what her mother did. Her father just ran off too, with his demon parade. Everyone left. She wanted to leave.
	"Everything's fine with me," Veronica said. Her eyes landed on a box by the door. "What's that?"
	"Oh, some stuff I found in the attic," Vivianne said. She went over to the fridge. "You want some lunch?"
	"No." Veronica walked over to the box. She was sore and hoped she didn't walk funny. 
	"Well I suppose I'll get," Bob said. Finally, Veronica thought. 
	"Want to come back later?” Vivianne invited him. “Hey, Veronica, I was thinking we could have a cookout,” she said.
	Veronica shrugged, looking through the box of creepy garage tools. She pulled out a hardhat with a flashlight on the front. It was big, yellow and plastic and for some reason she loved it. 
	"This is cool," Veronica said. Vivianne laughed.
	"Back in my heyday, it would have been fun to dance with that on," Vivianne said, reminiscing of her days as a stripper. Veronica rolled her eyes at such a gross thought and took the hat with her back upstairs. 
	She locked her door. She was glad Bob was gone. The rest of the day was hers to do with what she wanted. She put the hat on and looked at herself in the mirror. The white t-shirt and construction hat seemed to compliment each other.
	‘Look at my girl," she heard Donovan's voice. She turned and saw him, just for a minute, standing in front of the sun-battered window. 
	"Daddy," she walked over to him to hug him and hit the window instead. She stopped herself from crying. These were confusing days and she wanted someone to talk to about them. There was no one. She kept her hardhat on and went to the lake.

39
	The white glaze cast across the sky was darkening. Night was falling over the Gentilly Farm and all sorts of insects were out. Mating calls and tiny little bloodsuckers. Veronica walked barefoot towards the lake. She already checked the cellar, calling for him because she was still too scared to go down there. He didn't respond, so she assumed her was here. No one else was. She looked out into the water. 
	"Banny?" she called. Please. She wanted to sink into him, for him to hold her. If she couldn't be with him tonight she wouldn't make it until tomorrow. That was how she felt. She sat down in the grass. Maybe he was on his way. She waved a huge, scary insect away and thought about getting in the water. The last time she went swimming, she saw a little baby waters snake, its head poking out from the water. It looked so funny, like a cartoon, the way it was clearly on its way somewhere important. It looked so harmless to be a snake. 
	She laughed a little, but the thought, like daylight, went away. Where was he? She turned and looked behind her. She was paranoid Vivianne had followed her. Or Bob…all of his perverted glances. She stood up, annoyed, when she thought she heard a guitar. 
	"Banny?" she looked around, over at the biggest tree just a few steps away from the water. 
	She clearly heard a guitar now and she knew it was him. She turned her hat's flashlight on and saw his cute, little stature over by the tree. He had an acoustic guitar with him. He walked towards her as he started to sing.
"Every time I look into your lovely eyes…I see a love that money just can't buy…" he grinned, hoping he didn't screw this up. He needed voice lessons, but he tried and it was heartfelt. With practice, he could really be a great singer. "One look from you and I drift away…I pray that you are here to stay…anything you want – you got it," his voice deepened a little at the right time. She couldn't believe it. She was very familiar with the song because it was on her father's tape! She smiled and her eyes got teary at the same time. She really liked this boy and that scared her. 
"Anything you need, you got it," he looked down at his guitar. He'd practiced this when he got home from the hospital, it kept him calm. Listening to The Big O over and over, watching the sun as it curled under a cloud and didn't come back out again because night reigned. 
"Anything at all…" his voice got a little dreamy then, giving the song his own little spin. "You got it…baaaaaaaaaaaaby!"
	She wanted to hug him and kiss him but she also wanted to hear him finish the song. There, right then, she was caught up in the most delightful, moonlit hour of her life. 
	"Every time I hold you…I begin to understand…" he was right in front of her now, singing in a low, delicate voice. "Everything about you tells me I'm your man…Live my life to be with you, no one can do the things you do. Anything you want…you got it…" he slowed down, lazily strumming his guitar, his mouth curling up in a sneaky smile. He hadn't screwed the song up yet! And she looked like she loved it and it made her even more beautiful. 
	"I'd like to finish the song but its just that…I'm kind of wondering what's up with that hat," he sang on, smiling and looking up at the sky so she could see his Adams apple poke out of his neck. He was gorgeous in every way. "But I want you to know, I won't ask for my shirt back…because it looks sexy on you and that's a fact…" he stopped playing and just smiled at her. 
	"Banny Jones…" she chuckled. "You are some wonderful kind of angel." He placed his guitar down in the grass and smiled adoringly at her hat. 
	"You like this?" she said, taking it off so her tangled hair fell around her shoulders. 
	"I like everything right now," he smiled. “There is, like, nothing that could irk me.” 
She took a few steps forward so their bodies touched and their eyes danced with fire. 
	"I've felt…where you've been all day…" she whispered, looking down at his chest as she placed a hand on him. She felt his heartbeat. "I can't imagine a day without you now, the thought makes me sick…like physically ill."
	He didn’t waste another second not kissing her. He grabbed her and kissed her hard to let her know she wasn’t going anywhere until he was done. It happened so fast, she took his shirt off and unbuttoned his pants. She dropped the hat to the ground and straddled it as she pulled his jeans down, setting him free. 
	"Oh Jesus Christ…" he sighed. The guitar made a musical thump as it fell to the ground.
	She looked up at him as she grinded against the ridge of the construction helmet. She felt the top ridge part her lips and she fell against him, her head pressed against his leg, the pleasure taking her over. She rubbed her palm against his giant, erect cock. He watched, completely turned on. 
	"Keep doing that," he told her. “You smell amazing…” 
She slid back and forth, wrapping her arms around him, feeling like she was turned inside out, so vulnerable, so shaky.  
“Mmm…ahhh…” it hurt and then, the very next second, it felt good. She looked up at him, her eyes glazed over with lust and blinding love. He knew what she wanted – him. 
	"Shh," he told her, playing with her hair. 
	"Oh…" she grinded harder. And looked up as he took himself in his hand. 
	"Take your shirt off, baby," he whispered. She looked up at him through lusty eyes and took her  shirt off and placed it on the ground. He stared at her breasts and started jerking off. She'd never seen a boy beat off and he'd never watched a girl masturbate. It was amazing.  
	He watched her hit her stride and twitch about like she was being shocked, falling off the plastic helmet into the grass. He didn't come on her like he planned, and got on top of her instead. 
	"AHHH!" she called out when he slipped up inside of her, the sudden feel of him spreading her open without warning came as such a shock. He was quite encroaching tonight – everything about his caliber was sharpened tonight – his charm, his aggressiveness. He was fucking her so hard. 
	"Mmm…Banny…Banny…" her face crunched up as he penetrated her. He felt even bigger than before. "Banny…" 
	She looked in his eyes and saw nothing but focus. He kissed her hard and she wrapped her legs around him, taking him in and losing her breath.
	"You drive me crazy," he told her, sounding somewhat angry about it, burying his face against her breasts and giving her one merciless thrust after another so her soft body felt like it was falling apart in the grass. 
	“Oh…Banny…Banny!” she flailed about, shuddering against him. 

40
	They lied there in the grass afterwards, feeling numb and happy. Banny smoked a cigarette and stared at the moon as Veronica’s delicate limbs were wrapped around him. 
	“I am…the paper doll you cut out of the old world I didn’t want to be in,” Veronica told him, in a slow, lazy drawl. 
	Banny strengthened the hold his arm had around her and kissed her against her cheek. He said nothing, but the affection was very loud and filled Veronica up with warmth. 
	"I swear…earlier I didn't see you for like two hours and it felt so long," Veronica said. "And this guy…Bob, that my aunt hangs around now…?"
	"Yeah?" he said, listening, turning to kiss her on her cheek again.
	"He's creepy."
	"How so? He do something?" Banny sounded pent up all over again.
	"No, I just don't like him,” she said. “He’s just…weird.”
	Banny turned and ran his hand down the side of her face. "I'll wipe him off the planet if he does something…or even if…if you want me to. Ae, we don’t even need a reason. We can be Romeo and Juliet, Bonnie and Clyde. Whatever.”
	Veronica stared at the stars in the sky and smiled.
	"I'm serious," he repeated. "Okay, Princess?"  She found his hand in the grass and took hold of it. 
	"Thank you," she said. "So…you like Roy Orbison huh?"
	"Yeah…when I was in the hospital, my friend, you know, Basset?”
	She nodded. Basset was one of the sweetest people she’d ever met.
 	“Well, he brought me all these tapes to listen to and…I just picked his. His voice…its just…something about it."
	"He had a tough life," Veronica said, turning on her side so she was facing him. "When he was a kid he was really sick…he had jaundice."
	"What is that?" he asked, somewhat embarrassed. "I don't know what that is."
	"Skin pigmentation - he was really pale and his hair was white, and he had really bad vision. So he dyed his hair black and wore those thick glasses. The disease also made his ears all big and funny."
	"Damn, poor guy."
	"Yeah, a bunch of other stuff happened too…sad stuff." Veronica’s voice trailed a bit, she was getting sleepy. 
	"Maybe that's why…I don't know…” Banny stared at the endless sky. “I feel this connection with his music."
	"Give me your hand - I want to tell you something," Veronica said. "I want you to be okay, I mean now and from now on, no matter what happens, no matter if…you end up with someone else down the road, I want you to be okay. I want you to find peace, Banny. I want you to be okay. That is my one wish."
 	"I won't be okay if you're not there, you give me this like…inner peace. Like music in a hospital." He took her hand and placed it on the center of his chest and looked right at her. "Here." 
	She leaned forward and kissed his cheek. 
	"What do I give you?" he asked. "Do I make you feel…like…how do I make you feel?"
	"Good…alive…like something in me that was waiting to start finally can."
	He got on top of her and they started kissing again. 

41
	Sun-soaked and reeking of sex, Veronica entered the kitchen the next morning, hoping to avoid Vivianne. Vivianne was up early though, making breakfast. The hissing sound of yoke being turned into fluffy eggs took over the room, along with smoke. At least Bob didn't appear to be here.
	"I went for an early swim," Veronica muttered when Vivianne gave her quite a look. Veronica ran up the stairs before further questioning could take place. She walked down the hallway and shut the door. She tossed the hard hat on the bed and took his shirt off. Banny was in the cellar, and she didn't know how much longer this could go on, but the thrill of getting away with it left her giddy. Her first experience of love left her giddy, along with a feeling of heaviness, like she'd swallowed the world and the only thing that would keep it turning was Banny and their next kiss. Before bathing, she lied down on the bed and shut her eyes, feeling where he’d been, the parts of her he invaded, the parts that would never be the same. The places he entered, the places he kissed and touched, leaving her ravaged and happy. 
	Veronica took a bath around one that afternoon, leaving her skin with a clean, fresh sun-kissed glow. She still didn't want to wear anything but his shirt. She lied down on her bed, tired and happy. It was the best feeling. She didn't mean to fall asleep, and when she woke up it was nearly five in the afternoon. She heard voices coming through her open window. She got up and saw her mother was back and saw Bob's truck and a conversation going on near the cellar. 
	She raced down stairs, nearly meeting her death when she slipped. She didn't take any time to wince over the pain of scraping the back of her leg. She ran through the front door, leaving a trail of blood from her injury. She saw Bob waving his hat around. Betsy met eyes with her daughter and could tell that she'd been up to something. Betsy just knew that look of ruin and excitement in a young girl's eyes. 
	"What have you been up to, young lady?" Betsy’s tone was scornful as she approached Veronica. "Bob said there was a boy in the cellar and called the police."
	"What!" Veronica ran after Bob who was making his way across the field when Betsy pulled her back by her arm.
	"You know him, I take it, the boy?" Betsy waited for explanation, but all Veronica wanted to know was where Banny was. She wanted to see him so badly she felt sick, she felt like she might pass out.
	“Where is he?” she asked her mom, showing no shame.
	“Tell me who he is, first.”
	“A boy, mom, a boy who has been here in your absence.” Veronica practically hissed. Her reaction was venomous.
	“Oh, so you do know him?” Betsy was just as crass.
	"Yeah I know him! And you would know why if you hadn't ran off like some anxious whore to Chicago!"
	Betsy delivered a brutal slap to her daughter and Veronica just stood there, covering her face and trying to catch up with the last five minutes. Vivianne was right behind her and grabbed her when Veronica attempted to run off again. Vivianne’s strength and sharp reflexes was a clear reminder that she really was a man.
	“LET ME GO!” Vivianne struggled but Veronica’s hold was strong and perverse. Meanwhile, Betsy just gave her one cold look after another. 
“BANNY!” Veronica screamed even though she could feel in her gut that he was nowhere around. He’d ran off before the cops could come. 
	"You have no right to talk to me like that,” Betsy lectured, pointing a finger at Veronica as Vivianne held her still. “Everything I've done for you – everything! So I wanted a week with a man and some affection, so what?!" Betsy, full of rage, slapped Veronica again, so hard that she would have fallen over if Vivianne weren’t still holding her. waved her arms around. Veronica just looked at the cellar door and started crying.
	"Where is he?!" Veronica pleaded, squirming to break free. If only she could, she’d run as far as she could, run like her father, never, ever return. "Where is Banny?!”
	"Let's get her in the house," Vivianne said in her croaky voice. "She's caused enough trouble."
 
42
	Pall watched as Banny walked into his house and back out, with a completely different expression on his face than the one he’d gone in with. His eyes were wide with shock and a little denial, any other sign of emotion had been wiped clean off. He stared down the street as he walked, not ahead, but down where his feet were. After he walked a little passed Pall's house, he simply stopped. He just stopped completely like a toy after the battery died. Pall watched as Banny turned and faced Pall's house and just started screaming, just screaming like a lunatic. Pall couldn’t react at first, it was so surreal. After a minute, Banny collapsed like he’d fainted and started slamming his head against the pavement. 
	“No!” Pall managed to snap out of his bewilderment and run over to him. He dropped to his knees and grabbed Banny so he couldn’t continue to hurt himself. Blood ran down from his head and nose. He fought Pall to get free, and the boy was strong, but somehow, at least for that one crucial moment, Pall managed to be stronger. “Stop it, stop, stop!” Pall urged. “Stop, what’s wrong? What happened?”
	Banny was far too upset to form words. He struggled to get loose but Pall’s arms felt like concrete. Banny just screamed again, it was an unearthly scream that brought everyone on the street out of their little crumbly houses. It shook up Pall’s entire makeup, it was a scream that he’d never forget. He looked up and saw Clary standing on the front porch, looking on in fright. The screams kept pouring out of Banny, so loud and obscure Pall expected to see them take shape, some solid form, turn into animals that would kill everyone in sight.
	“Okay, stop, stop, please,” Pall begged. “What is it? What happened?” 
	“He…he…” Banny’s voice was shot. “He killed…he killed himself…” Banny said. “My f-father…killed himself. My dad…” Banny looked back at his house in horror. "My dad's in that house…he's dead." Banny flailed his arms as Pall tried to hold him still. “He’s dead…he…he…”

43
	“Its okay,” Pall called out to the neighbors, just hoping no one had called the cops, or social services. There was a body in the Jones’s house, but Pall was more concerned with just getting Banny somewhere to calm him down. They headed straight to Pall’s kitchen. Clary followed, quiet and mystified. 
“Clary, make sure no one comes to the door, make sure it’s locked, okay?” Clary just stared at Banny with great wonder. “Clary?” Pall repeated, sounding a bit short. Clary went to the front door and made sure the chain was on. Meanwhile, Pall raided the kitchen for anything with alcohol in it. He passed Banny a 40 of Coors Light and Banny drank half of it down before Clary returned. She stared, bewildered, at Banny but he didn’t even notice her. She tugged on his shirt and he looked down at her but his face didn’t change.
“Are you okay?” she asked. Banny’s face was like a mask, unable to reshape. 
“He’s fine, Clary, go play in your room,” Pall urged. “Everything’s okay now.”
Clary stared at Banny for a few more seconds before trudging off. Pall went to the bathroom and Banny took his second beer and went to the front of the house. He’d never felt this way before, he finally understood that expression “beside yourself.” 
He saw three police cars parked in front of his house, and the front door was open. A nicely dressed woman was standing there checking the time on her watch. He saw the words Foundation for Families written on the side of the van and knew it was social services. That troubled him more than the police. He dashed through the house, down the hallway, out of the window of Pall’s bedroom and ran through his backyard. 

	Basset heard the banging on his door late that night and ran to the door before it woke up his sister. Banny had never looked worse. His eyes were swollen from crying and he was sweaty from running all the way here. 
	"Yo, you gonna wake up my sister," Basset told him. Few things bothered Basset, but when he came to his sister, he tried to make sure she was always happy. If she didn’t get the right amount of sleep, she’d be so irritable tomorrow. Banny didn't seem to hear him, all he heard was panic. He started throwing things around the room before Basset got a hold of him, using the fact that he was taller and stronger to restrain him by locking his arms around him.
	"Hey! What's going on with you? Huh?" Basset waited, holding him as Banny struggled to get loose. Banny let out a sound that wasn’t exactly a scream or a howl, but a terrible wince unlike anything Basset had heard before. Banny was clearly in deep agony. 
	“What is it?” Basset asked, sounding a bit scared. Banny kicked his feet and Basset swore he heard him growl.
	“Let me go!” Banny screamed. 
	“No, no, not until you calm down.” Basset’s familiar voice calmed Banny down a little. After another minute or two, he stopped struggling and by the time Basset let him go, he was wiped out. He just fell to the floor, on his hands and knees. He buried his face into the couch and just started sobbing. He felt Basset's hand on his shoulder. 
	"What's goin' on?" Basset asked, his tender voice calming Banny a little. “Jesus, Banny, you’re scaring me…”
	"They're gonna take me away," Banny howled. 
	"Who?"
	Banny cried harder, sliding his fist against his head. His hair was an unspeakable array of madness. Basset had never seen a girl cry like this, let along a boy. 
	"Who?" Basset asked, clueless.
	"My fucking dad killed himself! There’s blood everywhere, man. He blew his head off. NO ONE CARES! They’re gonna take me away I saw the van and NO ONE CARES, NO ONE EVER HAS!” Basset had no idea what to say. He knew George was going to do something fatal one day, and a part of him was relieved that he didn’t kill Banny instead.
	Basset heard the soft footsteps of his grandmother. She stood in the living room doorway staring over at them in grave concern.
	“Everything’s okay, grandma,” Basset spoke, keeping a hand on Banny’s back. He was still hiding his face in the couch.
	“Well I doubt that very much,” his grandmother responded. 
	“We just need a minute, please…” Basset was trying to unfasten Banny’s hands from the couch but he suddenly let go and wrapped his arms around Basset, nothing but a scared little boy was left of him. Basset’s grandmother slowly withdrew herself from the door and went back down the hallway. 
“I fucking ran away, you can't let them take me,” Banny begged. “You can't, you can't." Banny wrapped his arms around Basset's neck so tight that Basset found it hard to breathe. 
	"Jesus," he hugged Banny back and Banny's arms loosened a bit. 
"They're gonna send me to a youth camp or some shit, that's what they do with kids like me, and I don't wanna go…” he started panicking all over again. “I don't wanna go!” Banny turned away and looked like he was literally trying to climb the wall, he didn't know what he was trying to do, he was hysterical. “I don’t wanna go…” he started climbing the table and kicked over his grandmother’s favorite lamp that had been passed down from many generations. Basset scrambled to grab it before its fragile stained glass frame shattered against the floor.  
	"Banny," Basset started crying, trying to pull him down, calm him down. “Banny, please.” 
	"I don't wanna go!" he yelled. "I don't want to go – I don't wanna go! You can't let them find me! You fucking can't…"

44

	The water was bumpy and cold. The sun had gone down, and the boat ride across Red River was starting to feel grueling. Everyone had on windbreakers to shield them from the rough water and brisk winds, except Banny, who was still half-naked because Wendy requested he wear the speedos she bought for him from Macys when she had taken him to get his haircut. He stood there overexposed and shivering. Rhonda, Wendy`s best friend, kept eyeing him as she held a perspiring long island iced tea in her hand. The sound of ice clanking seemed very loud, like it was the only sound for miles. The yacht seemed like it was shrinking the longer they traveled. Maybe because their faces were getting longer and the weather was getting colder. 
	“Why don’t you come downstairs?” Wendy whispered to Banny. “You and me…” she actually started to touch him, right there in front of everyone. 
	"Wendy, have that boy put some clothes on, he’s gonna catch his death," Rhonda preached, wrapping her windbreaker around her chest and glancing down at Banny’s busy speedos. 
	Wendy flicked ash off her cigarette so it disappeared into the water and picked up a towel and reluctantly handed it to Banny. She watched as he patted himself down with it and tossed it aside recklessly and put his clothes on. The cold water slapped his face so to discard the few tears he shed. He hated her, hated her so much. 
 	He found a little comfort in the feel of his old, ripped up black trousers and Misfits shirt. He slowly started to feel like himself again. He slipped on his converse shoes and did not wait for the boat to be tied to the pier. He jumped over the railing, landing on the wet wooden boards and just walked on.  
	"Wendy, what was the point in that?" Rhonda lectured as they carefully exited the boat. Rhonda was drunk, so she programmed every little step she took, staring down at the pier like it was covered with snakes. It was easy to see how Wendy was coming apart at the seams. She hurried down the pier to catch up with Banny, who had already developed a fast stride that few people could keep up with. 
	"What happened to the new clothes I bought for you?" Wendy asked Banny when she caught up with him at the restaurant, which thankfully was bigger than he imagined. "You answer me," she said under her breath. His fist was tight and ready. If there weren’t so many people around…
	"I threw those fag clothes off the boat," he snapped. She just glared at him.
	"Those fag clothes cost two-hundred dollars,” she spoke under her breath, livid.
	"Then ya shoulda gave 'em to a fag." Banny walked off to the bar, never minding Wendy. He spotted Celeste when he first walked in and was trying to work up the nerve to approach her. He waited for his bad mood to settle a bit.
	"Celeste?" He was so soft spoken that she didn't recognize his voice, but when she turned around, she certainly recognized his magnetism, that half-sexy, half-silly grin, that hair that was all bushy and wind-blown right now. Banny was about to say something when he sneezed.
	"Bless you, sweetheart, need a tissue?" Celeste looked around for one, or a napkin.
	"Nah," Banny waved the thought away. He seemed embarrassed that he sneezed. He really liked Celeste, he’d never seen anyone with a cleaner, more genuine smile.
	"How you been?" she asked. She was with a friend with short dark hair. She looked older than Celeste, like she didn’t give a damn about anything but the drink on the bar before her. Celeste was wearing a nice diamond tennis bracelet and her skin looked even warmer and tanned than the last time he saw her.
	“Aww, okay, yeah so you still wanna check out that movie sometime?” he sort of rushed to ask.
	"Oh sure," she smiled after a split second of hesitancy, "I just need to get my son to come – I’ll get him to, needs to get his butt out of the house."
	"Okay...yeah, or we could just go," Banny said, somewhat aggressive. Celeste’s company remained quiet but Banny could tell she was listening to the conversation.
	"I think it would be better if you and my son went, I wanna get him out of the house anyway, and I could chaperone." Celeste smiled at him. It did little to calm him down. His energy was everywhere.
	"Sure, okay, whatever you want, baby doll,” Banny put on the charm. Celeste grinned and helplessly blushed.
	"What are you drinking?" He asked, taking out a bunch of twenties.
	"Where did you get that money?" Celeste asked, impressed.
	"My foster mom bought me some preppy clothes to wear and..." he stood back and held his hands out, showing off his choice of clothing. "Obviously I didn't wear ‘em…” He paused and watched as Celeste smiled. She adored him. “So I took ‘em back to the store and got the money." A huge smile he just couldn’t fight off took over and they both laughed. "I told her I tossed ‘em over the boat – she’s still reelin, look, look," he eagerly pointed at her. Celeste looked over. She got a terrible vibe just from looking at Wendy. Her face was red and she was stabbing her frozen margarita with a straw.
	Celeste looked down at the empty glass on the bar in front of her.
	"She hates me now, but she will never hate me as much as I hate her,” Banny assured.
	Celeste was reminded of his extreme mood swings, the fact that he was only sixteen and still had a long road ahead of him. And he didn’t seem to have a map. Celeste paused for a minute and just looked over at him. After a minute, he turned and looked at her and pointed at her glass.
	"What are you drinkin?" he hustled, determined to buy her a drink. Celeste shook her head, amazed at his tenacity.
	"I'm drinking a whiskey sour..." she looked at her friend, afraid of what Laura would say about this.
	"Goddamn, my kinda woman," Banny muttered before holding a twenty up at the bartender. "Yo, whiskey sour." Banny was a lot less kind to the bartender, who looked at him like he was insane. 
	“I don’t serve minors,” the bartender simply said, reminding Banny who was in charge. 
	"Its for me," Celeste said, respectfully. "He wants to buy me a drink."
	"You have to pay for it," the bartender strictly informed.
	Celeste reached over and took the wet, crumpled twenty-dollar Phil out of Banny’s hand. Banny was still staring at the bartender, not appreciating his tone. She rubbed the back of Banny’s neck. He felt feverish. She removed her hand and trapped it between her knees like it was a wild animal she didn’t want running loose. She placed the twenty-dollar Phil down and he served her a fresh glass of whiskey.
	“What is that?” Banny asked, wanting to taste the sting, wanting the trip away from this Hell. 
	“Rittenhouse,” she said. She wished she could let him have a sip. She smiled at him, that was all she could give him just then. 
	"So what brings you out here?" she asked him.
	"Heard you were here so I swam right over." He grinned after a minute, and that smile of his was just as sweet as his clever response. 
	"Oh did you?" Celeste laughed and glanced over at him. "That why you were wet when you came in?"
	"Yeah," he just smiled. "So you saw me earlier?"
	She gave a subtle nod.
	"How come you didn't say hey?"
	Celeste had many answers for that. She failed to give him any though, and pointed to her friend instead.
	"Banny, this is my friend Laura, we're friends now because she hates all of my friends, which is something that happens when you get older."
	"Yeah? Sweet, I hate everyone now though, hey wanna dance?" The words shot from his mouth like bullets.
 	"Dance?" Celeste asked.
	"Yeah, over there." He pointed back to a little spot on the patio where a space had been cleared and a few people were dancing Drive by The Cars.
"Come on, one dance," he persuaded. 
"Just go dance with the kid," Laura suddenly intervened. Banny was already standing up, a few steps away from the bar, waiting. Laura looked at Celeste and nodded at the boy. "One dance,” Laura encouraged. “Everything you told me about the kid, he deserves one dance."
Celeste agreed and quietly slid off the stool. Banny took her hands and lead her out to the dance floor with a strong will. Wendy looked up from her crazy huge glass filled with a frozen strawberry margarita melting away in the hot sun and watched as Banny wrapped his arms around Celeste. Celeste was surprised at what good shape Banny was in. His chest was solid as a wall. He was short but it didn’t seem to bother him. He was in charge and was going to lead the dance.  
Wendy grew insanely jealous as she watched the way he danced with her. Where in the world did he learn how to dance?  
"Where did you learn to dance sweetheart?" Celeste wondered the same thing.
"Movies," Banny simply said. "When I was like twelve…I'd dance in my room with a pretend girlfriend that was actually Snoopy, you know, my stuffed animal. Hell, Snoopy didn’t have many cool moves.” 
Celeste laughed loudly and Wendy was so angry she wanted to smash her glass against the floor. 
	“Anyway, so I’m doin okay?” he checked. “Like, dancing…?”
	“You’re doing fine.” Celeste said, resting her head against his chest. Just for a minute, she thought, in this little pretend cave we can feel safe and ageless.
"So how you know Laura?" he asked. He’d been paying attention, he remembered her name.
"Oh," Celeste sighed. "She's my friend’s maid, you know, the one that had that party – Heather? I told you about it at the salon.”
“Yeah,” he said, his voice was very soft and low and patient, which was so unlike him. Celeste brought the good in him out. 
“Anyway, Heather treats her like crap,” Celeste explained. “I just can’t stand it, Laura is a really cool person.”
"I fuggin hate that, when people think they can treat others that way, cause they got money." Banny was holding her hand now. It was a little sticky and very strong. 
"Yes, its horrible."
"Like my foster parents, they got money I guess, and they use it to avoid each other. I can't think of anything scarier than becoming a fat, depressed adult," Banny said, growing hostile. "Every single adult I've met has been fucked up, shit, you won't even believe the shit – transsexuals, middle-aged women that just wanna fuck me, old men that just look like drunk snowmen, all kinds of fucked up shit, I just wanna stay young, and do whatever I can do to have a good time, I just don't give a shit. I don’t wanna belong to the state or some stupid perverted cunt, I just want a guitar.”
Celeste looked at him, frowning. “Banny…is something going on?” 
He had the most agonized frown on his face, like he was about to explode, tear the restaurant apart. He wanted to tell her everything but didn’t even know where to start. 
“All I ever fucking wanted was a guitar and everyone thinks that's bad, compared to the shit I've seen? It’s fucked up, its all fucked up…like I am the bad person? No…I’m not the bad person. Back at the home, I had kids pay me for the painkillers I was taking for my face, it was how I made money. Now I gotta do chores for this cunt."
He was quiet and slowly started dancing again, but Celeste’s moves were awkward because she was not in touch with the music, she didn’t hear it. All she heard was Banny’s rage.  
"Not every adult is a complete monster," Celeste calmly reminded him. “I’m sorry if…you haven’t had any good experiences with the good ones.”
He was quiet for a minute and she slowly found her rhythm. 
“I have,” he said. She was relieved to see him smiling. His rough edges were sharp, but his charm was smooth. She had never met anyone like him ever before. She hugged him tighter. 
“You’re going to be okay,” she wanted him to believe that. “Okay?”
“Mmm…hmm.” He held her tight too.  
	"How are you dealing with your haircut?" she asked, drawing near him again. People were staring, let them stare, she thought.
	"Compared to everything else? Fine,” he answered.
	"How are you getting along with your foster parents?" Celeste asked, holding onto him tighter. Obviously, he was not getting along with them at all.
	"Hey...let's not...ruin a nice dance by talking about people."
	"Okay...” she said. She looked at him. 
	“What would you do if I kissed you right now?” he smirked. 
	“Don’t,” she warned. “We’re just dancing, that’s all.” 
	“Okay.” He kept watching her as she slowly placed her head against his chest again.
	"You ever...I don't know...played a musical instrument?" he asked, making small talk.
	"No hon, well the trombone in high school…and no perverted jokes," she warned. Banny laughed silly at that until he felt something jab in him in the back. He turned and saw Wendy's orange complexion and terrible hair. Her face was riddled with disgust.
	"We have to go back now," she snapped. "Rhonda has to pick up her kids." Her voice was flat, cold. Celeste studied how Banny's face fell apart. She looked at Wendy and tried to be cordial.
	"I'm Celeste," she held her hand out. The dance was over. 
	"Bye, Celeste," Wendy coldly replied, ignoring the handshake offer and heading over to Phil and Rhonda and everyone else waiting to board the boat.
	Banny turned and looked at Celeste. "Thank you for the dance," he said. He looked shattered that it was over. He looked like if he said one more word, he’d burst into tears.
	"Thanks for the drink.” She didn’t want it to end there. “Hey…” she called out before he walked off.
	“Yeah?” he turned and looked at her. She saw many things in him – the handsome man he’d turn into – the probable dangers of that – how every minute of his life was precious and the future depended on it. 
	“Are you going to be okay?” she hated asking him that when she had just told him he would be okay. 
	"The thing with assholes is...there's always a bigger one waiting to make you forget the last,” he just said.
	“You…you still have my business card?” she checked. 
	"Yeah." He looked at her like he was trying to pull something out of her that she was afraid to let go. It was an intense stare and Celeste had to look away for a minute. “Well…” she slowly found the courage to look back at him. “That’s my cell phone on there so – call me if you need to talk. Anytime.” 
	He gave a subtle nod. Inside, he was screaming, dying. He marched over in cute little quick steps and gave her another hug. She nearly lost it, almost cried as she held onto him. 
	“I mean anytime,” she whispered.
	“Kay…thanks.” He started to walk off. He turned to look at her halfway to the boat.
	"We're still on for the movie, right?" he asked, managing to smile so she would. 
	Her expression lightened up and she smiled warmly back at him. 
	“Yes, just call me.”

45
	Banny received the silent treatment from Wendy on the long trip home. He hoped she didn't see that as some sort of punishment, because it was actually the best thing she’d ever done for him. He sat by himself and watched the water slap up against the overpriced yacht. He was going to explode and do something crazy if she told him to put that swimsuit back on. She didn’t. She said nothing the whole way back. 
He went straight to the bathroom when they got home. He had a fever and suffered from an all-around achiness. The thought of being in Celeste’s arms calmed him a little, but it was bittersweet because that dance was over, the song was over, the yacht was now in the driveway. 
After a long hot shower, he wrapped himself in a clean dry towel and felt closer to the sun even though it was night. He looked at himself in the mirror. Tomorrow, he would dye his hair black. He imagined his fist turning into a giant black rock with the sharpest edges as he crammed it into Wendy’s mouth, pushing her tongue back so far she choked on it.
	He took three aspirin and rolled a joint. These things combined would ease the pain in his face and take him to a better place. He was very ready to pass out. Could they tell? Could they feel his anger just simmering? Because everyone in the house avoided him like he was a ball of fire as he walked up the stairs to his room. By the time he got to his bed, he was already feeling drowsy. He fell to the mattress and folded up into a ball of warm skin and lethargy. 
	He woke up several hours later to the small of cheap lotion and terribly sweet perfume. He saw Wendy sitting on the bed. Before he could fully wake up, which was impossible anyway because of all the aspirin he’d taken, she reached over so one hand was on the other side of his pillow.
"What do you want?" Banny asked, groggy. He was so out of it, his body immediately tried to slip back into unconsciousness. He felt her hand slide up his leg and knew it was time. This was it. Once her fingers slipped up the right pant leg of his boxers, her fingernails dug into him and he writhed about.
“Da fuck off me!” he snapped. 
“Shh,” she brought her face closer to his and kissed his cheek. He wished like hell he hadn’t have taken those aspirin because his body just felt powerless. “You were a very bad boy today,” she said, moving her hand over his boxer shorts, feeling his dick, which was all limp like a fat, sleeping worm. He shut his eyes and turned his head when she tried to kiss him and winced at this vulgar situation. “Scream and you’ll go back to the home,” she said. She put her hand over his wrist. His hand was hidden under the pillow. It was very dark in the room, preventing her from seeing what he was holding. 
	"Come on, let me teach you some things," she said, her hand about to slip through the slit of his boxers when he suddenly grabbed her wrists, squeezing the hell out of them so she cried out in pain.
	“Yeah,” she sighed. “That’s it…” she was still wincing at his incredible hold, but she apparently got a sick thrill from the pain. “Get rough, you have any idea how hot you get me?"
	He just stared at her, his eyes were dark rooms with things in them about to explode. 
	"Your eyes are black again, so sexy. Just let me kiss you,” she begged, his fingers wrapped so tight around her wrists they would leave red marks. She didn’t know what he wanted, but his grip didn’t let up. 
	“Open your mouth, sweet boy,” she said. He shut his eyes, and felt her body press against his. “If I could cut you up and keep you in a breadbox, I would,” she said. “I forgive you for today, just let me fuck you.”
He kept his eyes closed as he felt her lips against his. She had put on lipstick and everything for this. He felt her knee rub against his uninterested dick. 
	"Come on, where are you?" she whispered in his ear. "Where are you, where's my boy?" he hated her voice, he hated her breath. He felt her press his knee against his dick as she came in for another kiss. He let go of her wrists to try and move her leg because her knee was crushing him. When he opened his mouth to cry out in pain, she tossed a pill in and covered his mouth. He struggled and in his panic, he accidentally swallowed it. He writhed about and once she saw his Adams apple move, she took her hand away.
	"What was that?!" he called out in fear and anxiety.
	“Shh,” she laughed a little. Banny went nuts with fear. He was so afraid of what he just swallowed and so angry that his skin was stinging. He grabbed her by her hair and pulled her so her face was inches from the bedside table. He got up so he was behind her and placed his hand over her mouth and pulled violently at her hair so a few strands ripped from her scalp. 
"I'm gonna let you talk and if you don't answer my question, I'll slam your head against this table until I see your useless fucking brains, do you understand?"
	She nodded and he slowly removed his warm, dry hand from her lips.
	"Vi...Viagra...it was Viagra," she muttered.
	"Why would you do that to me?!" Banny asked, on the verge of tears. “What the fuck…is wrong with you? You sick cunt.”
	"Because I wanna fuck you, alright?” she snapped, moments from crying. “Because my husband won't touch me, he thinks I'm putrid...
	“You fucking are!” He grabbed her by her hair, yanking her head back from the table and was seconds from slamming her head against the edge of the table when something changed his mind. He thought of Celeste, the comfort of her voice. He kept hold of Wendy’s hair as her death stared her in the face. He could kill her, she realized.
	“You want me to fuck you, huh?” he asked, seething with hate. 
	“Yes – take me like this – do it – do it while you’re all pissed at me,” she begged.
	“You wanna fuck me? You don’t care that I’m sixteen?” he asked, sounding a little scared.
	“No…no, I don’t,” she admitted.
	Banny started to lift her shirt and touch her breast and she felt a thrill like never before. But he stopped and reached for something by his pillow. A few seconds later, Wendy's voice filled the room – only she wasn't talking.
“Vi...Viagra...it was Viagra."
	"Why would you do that to me?" Banny asked, just like before. After a few minutes of blinding white confusion, she realized he’d recorded the whole thing. 
	"Because I wanna fuck you, alright? Because my husband won't touch me, he thinks I'm putrid...” Wendy heard all the monstrous anger in her voice. It was ugly, she was ugly. She burst into tears. 
	“You fucking are!” Banny raged. A few seconds later, Banny’s voice spoke again. “You wanna fuck me, huh?” he toyed. It was all a trick, she realized. 
	“Just kill me,” she begged after he stopped the tape.
 	“Yeah, so I could go to prison, you’d probably get a thrill from that from the grave. No, bitch, that’s not how this is gonna go.” He pulled her by her hair so her face was a few inches from his. He opened his mouth and clanked his teeth in a disturbing manner, making her think he might bite her.
	After a minute, he smiled coldly as pain shot out from the back of her scalp and strands of her frizzy hair fell to the bed. He waved the tape player in front of her face.
 	"Its all here,” he let her know. "Sold those stupid clothes and bought myself a few things with it, like this little tape recorder. I know you like to think I’m stupid, but I’m not. Unfortunately, you’ve made a lifetime enemy out of me. You fucking don’t know what the fuck I can do, or the shit I think about at night. I have you, you fucking old, dirty cunt, I fucking have you right here,” he pressed the tape recorder against her cheek. He moved it away from her and then slammed it into her head. She cried out in pain as the side of her mouth turn hot and achy. “Fucking try and find me or any shit and all I have to do is push play, you understand?"
	“Mmmhmm,” she meekly nodded as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
	"You let filth and loneliness turn you into a monster – a sad, old monster. You try to turn me into one too…why?" he started sobbing and she cried harder. “You had a chance to be good – to be good to me and to be fucking good and you fucking…I hate you,” he turned cold and angry again, sounding demonizing. “Come at me, you fucking bitch, and I’ll shove this damn tape recorder up your cunt.” He pulled her head back and kicked her in her side before walking out of the room.

46
	It was midnight when Celeste's cell phone rang. She just happened to hear it because she was still up, and also because she’d turn the commercial down between Conan, the only show she watched. She heard her cell phone buzz from under a magazine on the coffee table. She dug it out and saw the word UNKNOWN on her screen. She smiled, because UNKNOWN was better than Heather or anyone else she’d been talking to as of late.
	“Hello?” she felt her voice shoot out across some dark parking lot, and there was a boy crying, and there were cars with drivers up to no good, zooming on down the road behind him. She just knew it was Banny. A few seconds of troubling silence passed before she heard him crying.
	“Sweetheart,” she said. That was all she needed to say.
	“Can I…come over?” he asked. He was shaking and rabid with too many emotions. He felt so overwrought. 
	"Of course,” she calmly replied. “Let me give you the address."


	She paced the floor through an entire sitcom that followed Conan. Ten minutes later, the headlights of a cab brightened her kitchen window and she walked over to the door. She opened the door right after he knocked. 
	“Hey, are you…” her eyes fell to his erection. He looked away, embarrassed. 
	“Okay, no…I’m sorry, Banny…” she started to shut the door.
	“No, please,” he begged, the words shooting out of his mouth in desperation he thought would never dissolve as he caught the door before she could shut it in his face.
	“You fucking…it’s not what you think, please let me in, please.” 
	She just stared at him, uncertain of everything. 
	“She gave me Viagra, okay? And it hurts, it hurts, please.” He started crying again, which angered him because he was so tired of crying. She saw the rage in him and he was about to explode and she reached out for his hand. 
	“Okay,” she whispered, gently pulling him into the house. 
	“Who gave you Viagra?” she asked, walking over to the liquor cabinet. She didn’t know what else to do, she just needed to calm him down.  
	“Wendy,” he said. She looked back at him. “She shoved a pill down my mouth – I don't know what to do – it feels like it might explode, I’m fucking scared…" He covered himself with his hand, terrified. It was like all the swelling and aching that had been in his face was now in his dick.
	“Okay,” she walked over to him and handed him the glass of whiskey. “Just drink this and…maybe an icepack will help.”
	“Can it explode? Can that happen?” he asked, his eyes full of fear.
	“No,” she said. She honestly didn’t know anything about Viagra. She tried not to look at him, at it, but it seemed to be getting bigger and she was also a little scared of what might happen next.
	“I can’t believe she would do that.” Celeste shook her head, disgusted.
	“She’s a fucking bitch, she’s crazy,” he said. He tried to calm down and catch his breath. Celeste was always calm, and that helped. She took him by the hand and led him into her living room. 
	“Its okay, sit down on the couch,” she said. She handed him the icepack and he winced in pain. “It hurts so much. I can’t put anything on it, it fucking hurts it too.”
	“Okay, I’m going to look some stuff up on the internet,” she said, trying not to panic. “Maybe there’s something else we can do.” She turned her laptop on and watched as he downed the whiskey. He got up and went straight to the bathroom. Celeste read over a few “solutions” that just seemed horrific. One was having a doctor inject his penis to withdraw blood. She went back into the kitchen for some whiskey and when she came back out, she heard Banny throwing up in the bathroom.
	“Banny?” she knocked on the door. “Sweetie, are you okay?”
	“It fucking hurts! It hurts to jerk off, it just hurts, its gonna explode, I swear.” The rage and terror in his voice filled the whole apartment.
	“We may have to go to the emergency room,” Celeste said, unfortunately. 
	“What? What…why…what will they do?” his voice trembled with fear. 
	“Just…” she wasn’t about to tell him what they would do to him. She decided to call Laura. She had no idea why – Laura was a lesbian, and even asking her what to do about this was laughable. But, Laura’s sister was a nurse. And maybe Celeste just needed someone to calm her down. 
	She picked her cell phone up and brought up Laura’s number. It rang four times before a grumpy-sounding Laura answered.
	“Hello,” Laura answered. 
	“Laura, I’m so sorry, it’s Celeste.”
	There was a brief pause. “What’s up?” she didn’t sound as pissed that time.
	“Banny’s here.”
	“Oh boy.”
	“No…” Celeste walked into the kitchen. “His foster mom gave him Viagra – he’s freaking out, I don’t know what to do.”
	“What the fuck…Jesus.” Laura took a second to process that. “How long has he had the erection?”
	“I have no idea,” Celeste said. “But he’s terrified.”
	“You need to find out, if its been four hours or more, you need to get him to the hospital. My sister’s a nurse, you can’t fuck around with that.”
	“But they’ll, I mean…”
	“What they do, they do for a very good reason. Get off the phone and get him to a doctor.” Laura hung up so that would happen. Celeste walked down the hallway, just glad her son wasn’t home to witness this. He was spending the night at a friends. She knocked on the door and after a minute, Banny opened it. His eyes were shut and he looked moments from passing out. She saw that the medicine cabinet was open.
	“Banny?” she called out his name. She saw he was still teeming with blood. She looked back up at him. He looked out of it. “Banny, what did you take?” 
   	She left him there and called for an ambulance seconds before he fell to the floor. 

47
	“He’s okay,” the nurse assured Celeste two hours later, where the hospital lighting was too bright and was giving her a slight headache.
	“Did you have to…what did you…” Celeste didn’t want the details, but they were necessary.
	“We used therapeutic aspiration. We’ve never had to do that on someone so young – he will be okay,” the nurse assured. Celeste felt a little better.
	“No long term effects?” Celeste checked.
	“Is he a friend of yours?” the nurse paused to ask.
	“Yes.”
	“He’s going to be fine, he’s a bit traumatized from the procedure. He can go home anytime.”
	Celeste thought about that last sentence. He can go home anytime. She laughed bitterly at it as she walked over to where he was getting dressed. His face was flushed and he walked slowly out into the parking lot.
	They got in the car and Banny slowly sat down, trying not to have any contact with his penis. He was incredibly sore and sullen. 
	Celeste reached over and very lightly placed her hand on his shoulder.
	“You’re going home with me,” she let him know. “Try and not worry about anything else right now.”
  	He barely nodded. As they drove back to her place, she put a tape in and a few seconds later, Roy Orbison’s voice took over.
	“They gave this tape to me at the hospital, it fell out of your pants,” she said. She looked over at him, and he finally looked somewhat at ease. By the time she got back to her place, the sky was a ghostly glow of blue. 
	If Banny was in the right frame of mind, he’d comment on how peaceful her place was, how nice it felt. How it lacked any malicious intent. He wanted to sigh into its existence and disappear that way.
	He sank down into her comfortable sofa and she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him tenderly on the top of the head. 
	"You want to watch TV?" she asked him in the most delicate voice. His eyes were glued to the ceiling.
	“Maybe…in a little bit…we can watch cartoons and pretend it’s Saturday and we’re just kids.”
	“Yeah, anything you want,” she let him know. “I’ll make you breakfast.”
	He actually smiled before his face crumbled and he started crying over the last grueling twenty-four hours of his life. She wrapped her arms around him in a clean, protective hold.
	“You’re okay, baby, you’re safe now, shh.” She ran her hand through his hair and delivered little kiss after kiss to his forehead. “You’re okay, sweetheart, you’re okay.”
	He shut his eyes and pressed his head against her chest. 
	“Never let me go,” he said.
	“I won’t.” Celeste held him and ran her hand down the side of his head, finger combing his hair until he fell asleep. 		

	



The End
