The Interview with Jesus

Published by Willem Vanmat at Smashwords

Copyright 2020 Willem Vanmat 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

All characters in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.




Table of Contents

Introduction
CHAPTER 1.  BRAINWASHED
CHAPTER 2.  CREATING LUANA
CHAPTER 3.  THE MOTHER GOD
CHAPTER 4.  FINDING LOVE
CHAPTER 5.  MEETING NICOLETTE
CHAPTER 6.  ROMANCE IN HEAVEN
CHAPTER 7.  MEETING JESUS
The Real Method Of Salvation
The Lost Keys To The Scriptures
Jehovah’s Perfection
In Defense Of Jehovah
How To Accept The Bible
The Nature Of God
Love, The Essence Of God
The Truth Of Hell
Instant Forgiveness Without Costs
Reincarnation, Or One Life Only
Satan And The Occult
Can Atheists Go To Heaven?
Quantum Physics
Gays And Lesbians
Pro-Life Or Pro-Choice
Governments And Politics
CHAPTER 8.  MERGING
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
OTHER BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR
CONNECT WITH THIS AUTHOR




INTRODUCTION

THE INTERVIEW WITH JESUS is a non-preachy, uplifting, supernatural, novel about a young, brilliant, but conflicted physicist who rejects God, meets the Mother-God, and gets an interview with Jesus. 
Thanks to the intervention of a few caring heroic women, Hans Seeker finally manages to escape from his troublesome past. 
It all starts way back in the Netherlands. Hans Seeker grows up as a loner with no friends. He is carefully shielded from all information about sex. As a result he is now struggling with a deep dark secret that no one must ever find out about. It has developed from a terrible situation. A strict Rosicrucian order has brainwashed him into believing that the road to God requires absolute celibacy. That is a nonstarter for Hans because he loves women as much as he loves God. 
When  discovering at age 27 that he has been brainwashed by the Cult, he goes into a rage, rejects God, trashes all his religious vows, and starts smoking and drinking quite heavily.  Desperately wanting to break his celibacy but terrified of being ridiculed by the women for his lack of knowledge, he creates his own woman named, Luana. It’s very successful. She worships him as her god and soon they are sleeping together.
Having a Near-Death-Experience Hans meets Godesha, the Mother-God of the Universe. Being favorably impressed with Hans, Godesha answers all his questions and decides to send him a real woman who will introduce him to everything he desperately wants but never was allowed to have. To help him spiritually, Godesha assigns her daughter, Nicolette, as Hans’s private goddess who will train him in the art of Out- Of-Body-Travel and the skills of Psychic-Self-Defense. 
When Nicolette takes Hans for a visit to heaven, he meets Luella, the  spiritual twin sister of Luana, who introduces him to Jesus.
Soon, the interview follows. All the basic doctrines of Christianity are covered. Hans is surprised to learn that, except for Mary and Mariam, none of the disciples, apostles, and other followers of Jesus knew that the real purpose of his mission on Earth was to introduce love as the highest rule in the universe. Many of the answers are surprising, nontraditional, and some very controversial.   At the end of the interview, Hans asks if people can still have sex in Heaven. Jesus says, “Yes, you can,  but most people quickly give it up after experiencing the far greater spiritual blessing of MERGING, which is achieving temporary omniscience by briefly becoming ONE with the Father/Mother-God.”  Hans and Luella are invited to participate in a typical Merging experience which is explained in great detail.
Now, let’s find out what that real dark secret  is that Hans is guarding at any cost.




CHAPTER 1.  BRAINWASHED

It’s January, 1993, seven-thirty in the morning and bitter cold. Hans, age twelve, is sitting at the dining-room table enjoying the heat of the potbelly stove his father just started half an hour ago before leaving for work. 
Dressed in his pajamas he is earnestly looking at a science book in front of him. It’s about quantum physics, a subject he has long been fascinated with, but right now the book is just a prop to make Mother think he is studying. His heart is pounding wild with anticipation. He can hardly wait for her to come down from the second floor. 
Soon the squeaky wooden stairway tells him she’s on her way. Blankly staring at the pages in front of him he waits for her to enter the dining room.
Hans is a highly intelligent but shy young man who is often the victim of bullies because of his many eccentric ideas. He is seriously torn between his interest in the supernatural and a deep dark secret that no one must ever find out about. 
His mother, Selma, a strict, devout, spiritual woman, is the driving force behind his spirituality, but unbeknownst to her she is also the major cause of his deep dark secret which we are about to discover. 
Within seconds, Selma, dressed in an ankle length, beige-colored, nightgown, comes walking in. She is an attractive forty-five year old woman with luxurious, waist-long, brown hair, and a prominent chest.
Hans, running his hand through his short, wavy, sandy-blonde hair, smiles nervously and gives her his usual morning greeting. “Hi Mom.”
Selma looks surprised. “What are you doing up so early, dear?  It is Saturday for goodness sake.  You don’t need to go to school today.”
Hans, a straight-A student, responds innocently. “Mom, this book is about quantum physics. I could hardly wait to get to it this morning. Did you know that electrons have consciousness and know when people are looking at them? They are very friendly. They always stop moving when people are trying to take their picture.”
Selma flashes a proud smile and kisses him on the forehead. “That’s my son, always studying. You know Hans, your father and I thank God every day for having sent you to us.  You are going to be a blessing to mankind one of these days.  Just keep studying. Mommy will make you a nice breakfast as soon as she gets dressed.”
“Oh, great Mom,” Hans says nervously flipping a page. He can hardly wait for what comes next.
With a detached look, mother turns sideways and pulls off her nightgown. She is only wearing her panties now. Selma pays no attention to Hans. She’s been doing it ever since he was a baby. Hans is obviously bored stiff looking at her by now. Father, Paul, never cares. He always leaves for work early in the morning. He knows that arguing with Selma is useless. There are only two answers to any question—Selma’s and the wrong one. 
With a quick toss of her head Selma sends her hair flying to the left side of her body and starts brushing the ends vigorously. Thirty seconds later she grabs it up a little higher and repeats the process. Reaching the top she lets it go and strokes the entire length.
 Remembering that Mother told him many times that the human body is God’s greatest masterpiece, Hans honestly believes that failing to admire it would be an insult to God. Of course he is smart enough to know that God might have a problem with his type of admiration, but he doesn’t care. It’s his secret pleasure. He makes sure to always act innocent because if Mother would ever discover the thoughts in his head, she would beat the crap out of him. He would never get to watch her again and that would be disastrous. Mother must never find out about his secret pleasure.
Blissfully unaware of the lustful thoughts in her son’s head, Selma tosses her hair over to the right and repeats the brushing.
It wasn’t always this way. As a toddler Hans couldn’t care less about Mother’s grooming. At age six it started as a mild curiosity. It actually helped him develop a unique mathematical theory. 
Based on the careful observations of Mother and some of her female friends, he advanced the hypothesis that a woman’s intelligence is directly proportional to the length of her hair and the size of her breasts. From that proposition he deduced that a flat-chested woman with very long hair should be equally as intelligent as a big-breasted woman with very short hair. On the basis of those postulates it made perfect sense to conclude that a woman with both, very long hair and very big breasts, would logically have to be a genius. Eventually, those premises had to abandoned due to lack of supporting evidence. In spite of that, he did develop a lifelong admiration for women with either very long hair or very large breasts.
After age six the mild curiosity gradually increased until by age twelve it had become a major obsession. 
Always having been shielded from all forms of pornography and any education pertaining to sex, Hans is clueless about the weird nature of his bizarre feelings. He is convinced he is the only person in the universe who is suffering from that. It really scares him. No one must ever find out. 
When Selma is finished brushing her hair, she rolls it up in a bun and pins it behind her head. She now gets dressed and makes toast and eggs for Hans.
Needless to say, Selma’s morning routine may seem quite unusual to anyone who is not familiar with the primitive conditions of people who largely live off the grid. 
The Seekers reside in an old farmhouse in the Netherlands, near a city called Heerlen, located in the southern province of Limburg. They have no centralized heating and no hot running water. The only toilet is an outhouse in the backyard. During the cold winter months they spend most of their time in the kitchen and dining room where the two coal stoves are. Having neither hot water nor shower facilities, they rely on sponge-baths that are taken once a week in a small tub in the dining room with water that has to be heated on the kitchen stove. With other words, bathing is a complicated procedure with little or no privacy.
Ever since Hans was born On November 28, 1980, Selma has been dressing in front of him. She had to make sure he was safe. When Hans got older it made no sense to change since he had obviously gotten used to it, or so she thought.
This is the part where most people cry out. “What’s wrong with that woman? Doesn’t she know anything about the hormonal changes that occur when young boys start to mature?”
The answer is “NO!” Selma Seeker never made it beyond third grade of elementary school. Being the oldest daughter in her family, she was frequently pulled out of school whenever her mother needed Selma to take care of her younger brothers and sisters. As a result, Selma got further and further behind until she failed. 
Never having had an education left Selma very bitter. Vowing that Hans would never suffer the lousy childhood she had, she determined to do whatever it would take to get him all the schooling he could handle. Selma started to live her life through Hans. She indoctrinated him into what to think and feel about practically anything, including sex which according to her was for childbirth only and normally not to be discussed. The most important thing Hans was taught was that playing with yourself could cause insanity and blindness. As a result Hans never had the nerve to play with himself.
Hans’s father, Paul, was not of any help either. He was too busy with his work and hobbies. Whenever Hans had any questions his answer was the usual. “I’m busy—Go ask your mother.”
For the next two years nothing major happens until he becomes fourteen.
“Hans, come here!” Selma yells. “What are those spots doing in your shorts?  Are you playing with yourself again?  Answer me!”
“Mom, those are pee-spots. What’s the big deal?”  Hans moans.
“Don’t lie to me.  I know what pee-spots look like, and these don’t look like pee-spots.”
“Honest, Mother, I always play BY myself. What’s wrong with that?”
“Listen, honey,” Selma says emphatically. “Mommy said, WITH yourself—not, BY yourself. There is a difference you know and we have discussed it many times. Please, listen to Mommy.  You should not be hurting yourself by doing that terrible thing.  You know how dangerous it is.”
Hans, still knowing nothing about masturbation, cries frantically. “Mom, I hear you. You always tell me not to do that terrible thing, but when I ask you what it is you send me straight to Dad who never explains anything.  Why not give me a good book on Masturbation?”
“STOP!” Selma yells with panic in her voice. “Don’t use that terrible word around here. You are way too young for books like that.  All you need is the quick self-check method that I taught you.”
“Yes Mom, I know.  If it looks yellow, it’s okay. If it is white or sticky, I’ve been playing with myself.  If it makes you feel any better, I have never, ever, ever seen any of that white sticky stuff.  In addition, my eyesight couldn’t be better, and I’m still on the high honor roll, so please, relax.”
With tears in her eyes, Selma wraps her arms around Hans. “I’m sorry my darling. I know you’re always good—Mommy loves you.” She kisses him on the forehead and continues with her laundry.
Hans drops the forbidden subject and doesn’t think about it anymore until three weeks later in high school during gym class.
Since Paul, his father, never taught him how to catch, kick, dribble or hit a ball, Hans does poorly in team sports and is often the target of bullies, but he does excel in solitary activities like running, jumping, and gymnastics.  Right now the class is being introduced to rope climbing, something he has never done before.
“Alright guys,” the instructor yells.  “There are five ropes suspended from the ceiling.  I want five people at a time climbing to the top, touch the ceiling, and slide back down. BE CAREFUL!  It is thirty feet high.  I don’t want anyone getting hurt.”
Hans is in the third row of five.  As soon as it is his turn, he quickly gets up to twenty feet way ahead of everyone else when something unexpected starts to happen.  There is a strange sensation emerging between his legs where the rope is sliding.  The closer he gets to the ceiling the stronger it gets.  As soon as he touches the ceiling he experiences an explosive wave of ecstasy the likes he has never felt in his life.  He tenses up and remains frozen, hypnotized by the feeling that he just arrived in Heaven.  It’s only after hearing the gym teacher yelling from below that he comes to his senses again.
“Hey, Seeker! Touch the damn ceiling and get down! There are other people who want to climb!”
Highly excited Hans slides down. He suspects that what he just experienced has something to do with the M-word Mother has been talking about all these years. Needless to say, rope climbing has just become his favorite activity.  Excited about his new discovery he heads for the bathroom and cleans his briefs. The last thing he needs is another lecture at the laundry tub. 
Right before Hans turns fifteen, he faces a tremendous emotional disappointment. The Seekers move into a nice new house with central heating, hot running water, a shower, and an indoor toilet. Yes, the time has finally come. Mother starts dressing in the privacy of her own bedroom—Hans’s weekly floorshows have come to a sad end. 
By now it’s quite evident that Hans has serious issues, but lack of sex education is only part of it.  The real problem is his unusual spiritual upbringing.
A long time ago when Hans was six, Selma had a fight with the minister of their local Dutch, Fundamentalist-Christian-Reformed-Church.  It was about the question of salvation for poor, starving, little children in third world countries.  It got pretty heated because Selma insisted that the little tykes would definitely go to heaven because they couldn’t help the way they were born.  After the minister told her respectfully that those children would unfortunately go straight to hell because they had not accepted Jesus as their personal Lord and Savior, Mother lost her temper and told the minister where he could shove that hell.  Refusing to apologize, the Seekers had to leave the church. 
A few weeks later, Selma and Paul discovered an esoteric, mystic, Rosicrucian sect a few miles away from their home.  Their main teachings involved life after death, reincarnation, the supernatural, astrology, and practicing unselfish, compassionate love. 
Soon Selma and Paul fell in love with that basic philosophy and joined.
For Hans it was quite an awakening. At age six he didn’t just love their teachings, he went for it like a shark after raw meat. His scientific mind couldn’t get enough of the pure logical explanations that reincarnation offered for all the apparent injustices of this world. As young as he was, he quickly determined that the study of the invisible worlds and the mysteries of life after death would become a solid part of the rest of his life.
Little did he know that his fanatical loyalty to the Rosicrucian teachings was the beginning of serious emotional conflicts that would affect him later-on in a most radical way. 
According to the teachings, a newcomer would start as a Student for a two year minimum. 
After that, you could become a Probationer which required some strict vows like vegetarianism, no smoking, no alcohol, no drugs, and abandoning all negative psychic practices like hypnoses, communicating with the dead, or allowing invisible entities to take possession of your mind. The Probationer was warned that an invisible Master would watch you on a daily basis. If the Probationer would break any of the vows even once, the Master would leave and never return during this lifetime.
After being a Probationer for five years, you could apply for Discipleship. That was the crucial step of total celibacy, even within the context of marriage. 
Needless to say, at age six Hans couldn't even spell celibacy let alone care for it, but the gurus of the Cult thought differently.  Having discovered his enthusiasm, they suspect that he might be an advanced Master experiencing his last incarnation. If true, Hans would have to start applying all the rules, including celibacy, immediately.
Selma, believing that she has a special child, encourages him to focus on the sacred teachings that he loves so much.  To keep him from wasting his time with kids his own age, she enrolls him in evening art classes while Paul starts giving him violin lessons during the day. Needless to say Hans becomes a loner but feels blessed because the gurus convince him that being a loner is proof that he is indeed a highly advanced spirit passing through this world but not of it. 
As Hans continues to study the Rosicrucian philosophy, he is determined not to get emotionally involved with women, but completely avoiding them is not an option. Eagerly looking for an excuse to harmlessly associate with them, he seeks out girls who struggle with math and science and offers to tutor them for free. Many gladly accept. When their grades start quickly improving Hans becomes an instant hero. Overcome with gratitude, the girls start flirting with him, some even offering to go the extra mile. When Hans reluctantly refuses, they sadly assume he is gay, but gay he definitely is not. He knows he has a spiritual mission to fulfill.

At the end of May, 1998, Hans, age seventeen, graduates from high school with high honors.  He enrolls as a freshmen at the Leiden University of Science. Insisting to live on campus he can finally do whatever he wants without his mother, masters or gurus breathing down his neck. 
The curriculum is a snap. By not being involved with fraternities, parties, or girlfriends, he has lots of free time to combat the lustful cravings that still keep plaguing him. 
Boldly he plans to build a 5’2” statue of a Rubenesque, Latino female with long, wavy, black hair and big hanging breasts. Aiming for super realism, he heads to the local porn store and picks out several magazines featuring nude women. Back in his dormitory he gets to work with a magnifying glass, compass, and tape-measure. Soon he realizes that studying real life women might greatly speed up his knowledge of anatomy. Fantastic idea but way too risky. He might get seduced. That would ruin his spiritual goals. Thank goodness he discovers a local art studio which offers classes in life figure drawing. The next day Hans signs up and is soon busy sketching nude models several evenings a week. By the end of the second semester he has learned enough and quits. During the summer recess he starts planning the actual construction of Bralinda. He intends to create his own special putty that is real sturdy and allows for great detail. It’s a cooked combination of paper-pulp, flour, salt, and glue applied to a foundation of fine mash chicken wire. Feverishly he starts construction at the beginning of his sophomore year. 
While working on Bralinda,  he officially joins the Rosicrucian Group as a student and starts attending the local Theosophical Society where he is soon invited to lecture at Sunday meetings. Deciding that his wimpy days are over, he joins a local martial arts studio. 
Finally, at the end of his sophomore year, Bralinda is finished. The end result is so realistic that Michael Angelo would probably have slapped him on the shoulder with pure delight. 
Hans sighs relieved. Finally, a seductive woman in his bedroom without the danger of getting seduced. He can’t get enough of her. After several weeks of staring, touching, and fantasizing,  his interest starts to wane. Yes, it’s a great work of art, but his desire for a real woman is now stronger than ever.
“I should have known,” he sighs slapping his forehead. “How can a cold statue ever compete with the sweet, tender body of a real female?”
Seriously depressed, he sits down during the summer recess of 2000.  A flexible mannequin, he thinks. One with soft latex muscles attached to a strong aluminum skeleton with movable joints that can flex and lock in any position. That would make her look and feel a lot more like a real woman. “THAT'S IT!” He shouts.
Entering the first semester of his junior year, Hans can hardly wait to get started. This time he plans to create a slender, Caucasian, 5’10” woman with  long, wavy, blonde hair, and firm breasts rather than Bralinda’s big hanging ones.
Back to his porn magazines he resumes the painstaking analysis of necks, elbows, waists, hips, and knees. Feverishly he continues to refine his ideas.
Near the end of his junior year, the mannequin is finished. Hans proudly calls her, Alicia. She definitely is a major improvement over Bralinda. The realism is superb. Finally Hans enjoys the fruits of his labor by playing make-believe. Dressing, undressing, and posing her in all types of positions keeps him fascinated all throughout the summer recess.  
Hans can’t get enough. Sitting on the sofa with his arm around her is simply mesmerizing. Then, placing her on hands and knees on the floor, he sits on her back, grabs her long hair and pulls her head back. Absolutely awesome. Then, laying her on the floor with her back and pelvis arched way up in the air, he sits on her stomach relaxing. At night, Hans would have her on her knees next to his bed holding a tray with his cellphone, pen, and notepad. 
Unable to resist himself he finally tries to sleep with her. What a disaster that turns out to be. Once in bed, Alicia feels like a corpse. It shocks him so much that he puts her in the closet with Bralinda. Hans is disgusted and humiliated. “Nothing artificial can ever replace a real woman,” he sighs.  It’s time to stop the stupidity. He reluctantly accepts the fact that  a life of celibacy is the only way forward. 
But is this really the end? Slowly an impossible plan starts to hatch within his head. Something so insane that it will either get him a Nobel Price if he succeeds, or a permanent place in a nuthouse if he fails. 
Entering his senior year he feels that he is on to something miraculous. His mind is racing overtime. How about creating a woman that can think, breathe, and physically function? One that is so lifelike that she can fool the average person into thinking that she is alive? 
Having specialized in robotics, computer science, and holographic neural technology, Hans is convinced it can be done with a quantum brain but only if he can unravel several major problems that scientists haven’t conquered yet.
Thrilled with enthusiasm, he starts planning and designing her in total secrecy. Her name will be, Luana. No one must ever find out until long after she is finished. 
Throughout the second semester he works on her continuously.  In the meantime, he turns 21 on November 28, 2001. Having completed his two years as a student of the Rosicrucian group, he is ready for the next step of Probationer, no big deal, except that the invisible Master will now be monitoring him on a constant basis. 
After graduating at the top of his class in 2002, he continues his schooling and gets a master’s degree at age twenty-seven. As he persists to secretly work on Luana, he earns his doctorate in theoretical physics and artificial intelligence. 
Needing total privacy, he buys the old farm house where he grew up as a child. Yes, he thinks. Luana will be the only woman I can ever have without endangering my spiritual goals. 
By now, Hans has been a probationer for seven years and the gurus are starting to pressure him to apply for Discipleship, but Hans hesitates. He needs a little more time before taking that dreaded vow of celibacy.  Defiantly clenching his teeth,  he thinks, I will do it as soon as I am done gathering some evidence and scientific support for all the concepts I have been taught and lectured on ever since I was nineteen. 
As the weeks go by he examines everything he has blindly accepted on faith, but this time with the critical eyes of a scientist.  He painstakingly checks his notebooks, the literature, and the many recordings he has taken from the gurus, but no luck.  As much as he tries and as hard as he searches, he can’t seem to find any practical useful facts to support the ancient wisdom he’s been subjected to.  As time goes on, an ominous truth is slowly starting to sink in.  Slowly he starts to suspect that the bulk of his beliefs are simply based on faith with nothing to back it up. That may be fine for many people but now that he is a scientist,  faith, no matter how credible, is no longer good enough. The pure logic of the Rosicrucian philosophy may be satisfying to all who believe everything on faith, but it is no longer good enough for Hans. Having read Plato’s “The Republic,” he knows that logic is only as good as the facts they are based on, and facts supporting the Cult’s teachings are hard to come by. Refusing to give up he doggedly continues to probe. 
Then, one day, randomly flipping through the pages of the Old Testament, he makes a shocking discovery. 
King Solomon, God’s favorite—with God’s blessing—had Seven-hundred wives and three-hundred mistresses. Totally confused Hans scratches his head in disbelief.  King Solomon—God’s favorite—allowed to sleep with as many women as he wanted? 
Hans is stunned.  He can’t believe what he is reading. 
“That’s impossible,” he gasps while rising out of his chair.  “Solomon—allowed to sleep with a thousand women while I must be celibate?”
Hans reads on and discovers that God indeed couldn’t care less who Solomon slept with, or with how many women, or what gods they worshipped—as long as he didn't marry any heathens.
Stamping his feet Hans paces back and forth cussing like an intoxicated carpenter who just hit his thumb with a sledge-hammer. The full impact of the situation is slowly starting to sink in. Kicking the table leg he drops back in his chair gasping like a steam engine. As he continues to read, he discovers that the only reason Solomon fell in disfavor with God was because he married heathens and built temples to their heathen gods. 
Pounding his fist on the table, Hans yells, “SEX WAS NEVER AN ISSUE.”
Hans is foaming at the mouth trying to grasp the meaning of it all. 
Shoving the table away he gasps, “God’s most favorite king, Solomon—allowed to have as many women as he wanted—while I, Hans, must be celibate?”
He grabs the Bible and tosses it against the wall. “Sleep with anyone you like?”  he hisses, “unless your name is Hans Seeker?!” 
“I’VE BEEN BRAINWASHED!!” he yells jumping up.  “IT’S ALL BULL-CRAP!!!” He slumps back into his chair. “All my life I swallowed garbage and regurgitated it in my lectures.” 
Gone is his belief in God, gone is his loyalty to the invisible Master, the Cult, celibacy, and being a Master in his last incarnation.  Furiously he yells, “TO HELL WITH EVERYTHING!”




CHAPTER 2.  CREATING LUANA

It is Saturday, 2-21-2009, a cold February stormy evening. The weather forecast hasn’t been too promising but Hans doesn’t care.  At age twenty-eight he’s almost finished building a fully functioning replica of a woman who is a lot more than just a robot.
Bralinda and Alicia were his first efforts but they were mere toys. After losing interest in them he started working on the real thing. This time he has used his expertise in robotics and quantum physics to create a living cyborg that will look and behave exactly like a human being. Certainly his invention will set the world of science on fire.
Ignoring the sudden flash of lightning followed by a low, ominous, rumbling thunder, he slowly gets out of his chair and steps towards his masterpiece who is sitting on a stool in front of him. A smile of satisfaction curls around his lips as he stares at the gorgeous, naked Amazon whom he has named “Luana.” Gently stroking her luxurious, dark-brown, wavy hair that reaches down to the middle of her back, he admires her sensuous graceful curves and elegant physique. 
Almost finished, he grins with delight. Amazing—so super real—nearly indistinguishable from a real woman. 
With a determined look on his face he lights up a cigarette, pours himself another vodka-and-tonic, and finishes his last fried chicken leg. This is highly unusual for Hans since he’s been a vegetarian since age six and never drank or smoked in his life until recently. Hans has exploded into a state of total rebellion. He is retaliating against the Rosicrucian Cult and all spiritual and religious authorities by breaking every rule imaginable except for those that might harm other people. 
Picking up his drink he grimly takes a big swig and smirks “So, Invisible Master, I understand you will leave me and never return if I break my Probationer vows even once. Well, I have broken them all and will do so again and again. Now, Get the hell out of my life! An invisible Master is as useless as an invisible sandwich.” 
Quietly thinking he continues. God never responded to any of my prayers. Where was He all those years when I was being brainwashed? 
He plants a tender kiss on Luana’s cheek and softly whispers.  “It’s okay dear.  It’s not your fault.”  With cigarette clenched between his teeth he inhales deeply and blows out a huge smoke ring.  Gently massaging Luana’s body he smiles again as he admires the stunning realism of the powerful, artificial muscles he so painstakingly constructed on a robust, synthetic, high strength, aluminum skeleton. His thoughts defiantly drift to the past.  If there is a God, He’s obviously not on Earth—He’s never been around me, that’s for sure.
Hans is bitter. He dropped the Cult a month ago and has totally thrown himself into his career as a scientist.  Quietly he thinks, ME? A MASTER? Bullcrap!  Maybe a master baiter (an expert at baiting fish) he mumbles laughing scornfully.—To hell with them. No more phony masters, gurus or religious egg-spurts. I’m done with fairy tales.
While the pounding rain on his attic roof fiercely continuous, Hans stands up. With a serious look on his face he grabs Luana under the armpits and carries her gently to the middle of the floor where he stands her on her feet. While adoringly looking at her six foot tall physique, he carefully unzips the front of her tough, flexible skin, exposing a set of baffling components inside of her body. 
The skeleton is the first thing to be checked. It is a complex system of pivots, rotators, and pistons that allow her to assume any pose imaginable. There is nothing new here since it was completed one and a half years ago and serves as the foundation for a complex set of powerful, synthetic muscles and tendons which are activated by a maze of electrical circuits that are connected to her brain by way of the spinal cord.
Next, he looks at the tiny gyroscopes in her belly which are linked to a stabilizing computer. Slowly Hans strides around Luana while pushing and shoving her from all directions. He chuckles with satisfaction as she instantly recovers her standing position with no more than two steps at a time. 
Hans now turns his attention to the terrain mapping sensors in the bottom of her feet. They enable her to detect stairways and other hazards in the dark. They also allow her to find the charging station whenever her batteries run low. 
In his quest for total anatomical perfection, Hans continued to study the porn photos of dozens of women as he did while constructing Bralinda and Alicia, but this time he has gone even further.  Out of total defiance of God and the Cult’s rules of celibacy, he has included Triple-X-Videos to insure Luana’s anatomical perfection. Movable shoulder-blades were a major breakthrough of that study.  As a result she looks spectacular and has the flexibility to assume with ease the most difficult of Yoga poses.
As Hans slowly circles Luana again, he critically watches for final adjustments he may have overlooked. 
Satisfied with her appearance, his negative thoughts drift once more into the past. Unable to suppress his anger he gulps down another vodka while continuing to smoke.
All my life brainwashed—From the time I was a baby—got it all shoved down my throat like breastfeeding—My poor mother—She was also brainwashed and still is—God bless her.  She still loves me though I left the Cult, but enough—I swear, the days of faith without facts are over.
Hans is now checking Luana’s respiratory system which makes her look and sound like a living human being especially when asleep. Lack of breathing was the main reason Alicia looked like a corpse when in bed. Hans activates the respirational system and smiles as he listens to her relaxed breathing while watching her belly and chest expanding and contracting. He carefully adjusts the activity-sensor through the whole range of panting, gasping, puffing, and blowing, so that the speed of her breathing will progressively increase from relaxed to breathless, depending on the amount of action she will be subjected to, and real vigorous action is exactly what Hans has in mind.  He smirks mischievously at the sinful thoughts that are flowing through his mind.
Hans also loves Luana’s subdued snoring when she drifts into sleeping mode. This normally occurs after ten minutes of undisturbed rest. 
He continues his quiet thoughts. Ha, ha. My so-called friends of the Cult consider me an outcast now.  he chuckles.  Morons—Hypocrites—I will never lecture on religious bullcrap or the afterlife again—From now on, only a face to face personal encounter with Jesus will be acceptable—I mean it—No more phony messengers.
Finishing his drink, he wraps his arm around Luana’s shoulder and exclaims loudly, “Take it from me, darling. All religions and gods are man-made!  If I want to worship, I’ll create my own religion—I’ll be the prophet then!”
He sits back in his chair and loudly snarls, “Frauds, charlatans, phonies, double-dealers, pretenders. Only an agnostic can be a true scientist, because only an agnostic can handle the facts and be truly objective.”
Standing up, he embraces Luana and kisses her again on the lips while stating vigorously, “Faith is worthless unless it is continually adjusted to fit the facts, never the other way around.”
Thunder and lightning coupled with a ferocious rainstorm is now mercilessly pummeling the slanted roof of his laboratory in the attic. Hans is still busy checking the inner systems of Luana’s body. Looking nervously he wonders if she might be good enough to practice with in bed until he’s ready for a real woman. His eyes are misting over when suspecting that she will never be more than a glorified machine, a device that can only simulate love but will never have real feelings the way humans do.
Thoughtfully blowing out another smoke ring, his mind starts drifting again.  Damn the Cult for what they did to me!  It’s too late now—The women would laugh themselves silly finding out that I’m still a virgin at 28. If only I had met a sweet, understanding, levelheaded girl to wrap my arms around. It’s all I ever wanted—I wouldn’t be as screwed up as I am right now. But Hans has trouble admitting the truth. The women were never at fault. Handsome as he is, they tried to seduce him many times, but no one could break through that Platonic armor of his. They quietly thought he was gay, but “gay” Hans definitely is not. He always loved women, but he was brainwashed. The Cult had convinced him that the only way to worship God is to abandon the lower animalistic pleasures of the sinful flesh and to follow the spiritual path of celibacy. Forsaking women was the way to go; it was the only path to please God. 
Raging with anger Hans continuous to talk to himself while continuing to check out every joint and moving part of Luana’s body by gently bending, stretching and twisting them. 
Thank goodness, the women finally won the battle against God, he thinks while pitching leftover chicken bones into the garbage can.  The women are now the ones I worship—but how can I face them?  Luana is my only hope. I need to practice with her until I have enough experience to handle a real woman. 
Hans keeps working quietly on Luana. He loves the lousy weather. The worse it is, the better he feels. He doesn’t know why, it’s always been that way. A deafening thunderclap snaps Hans back to the present once more. 
Luana’s speech is checked next. The foundation for that was laid six weeks ago when Hans hired Tina (pronounced as Teena), a nice, slender, 5’4”, twenty year old who is a sophomore majoring in acting at the local community college. Hans was attracted to her straight, gorgeous, light-blonde hair that hung down to her waist.   Since she had the perfect, pleasant voice Hans wanted for Luana, he paid her for a recording session in his home. He used the excuse that he was designing a speech program for hearing and speaking impaired people. That session was on Friday, January the ninth. He was worried that day that she wouldn’t show up. The temperature was way below freezing with several inches of snow. Thank God she was right on time. Tina pronounced all the letters of the alphabet, both regular and phonetic. She followed it with the pronunciation of several hundred basic words from a children’s dictionary. After that, Hans recommended that she bring along a trusted friend to the next session, since he wanted her to act out emotional situations like anger, love, laughter, crying, yelling, and screaming. Hans told her at that time that he was creating a sound track for a movie. Tina showed up two days later, on Sunday, with her boyfriend, Harvey. Hans hated him from the very start because of the subtle sarcasms he kept throwing at Tina. Nevertheless, Tina performed all the many emotions, especially the screaming parts. She did it with such unbelievable realism that Hans was happy to have no immediate neighbors who might have called the police.
As a result of digital processing, Luana now has Tina’s voice, a whole range of emotions, plus the ability to create sentences from the words in her memory. 
Wrapping his arms around Luana, Hans admires once more the superb realism of his creation. 
In his quest for physical perfection, Hans needed one more favor. Having started to like Tina, he nervously did something he never thought he had the guts to do. He talked her into a nude modeling session at his place two weeks later. She agreed. Not wanting to tell her about Luana he simply offered her several hundred dollars plus permission to bring Harvey or any other trusted friend. Full of excitement Hans had documented the meeting in his diary as Saturday, January 24, 2009. On the day Tina was supposed to show up, the weather was freezing and it was snowing like hell. Hans had turned the furnace way up to make sure Tina wouldn’t be cold.  When she showed up by herself, he asked her where Harvey was.  With a smile Tina responded, “I don’t need him. I trust you.” It was the nicest compliment any woman could have possibly given Hans. Barely able to keep himself under control, he remained a perfect gentleman while taking detailed photos and measurements from the many different poses Tina was holding.
As a result of all this painstaking attention to detail, Hans finally achieved the astonishing end result of Luana.
There is only one more thing Hans needs to check.  It is the absolute crucial item that will determine whether Luana will be a success or a failure. 
Nervously pouring himself another Vodka, he hesitates. What if it doesn’t work? He lights up again and allows his hands to wander once more across the sensuous curves of Luana’s physique. Each system of her complex body works fine by itself, but will they be able to function successfully as one unit?  Only with that final crucial item can that happen, the item that’s taken him years to develop, 
He quickly downs his drink. Still smoking, he directs his attention to her brain, a quantum computer capable of recording an almost infinite number of holographic, 3-D images.  It took him almost seven years to figure it out. The biggest problem with quantum computers is that they are extremely vulnerable to heat, noise, vibration, moisture, magnetic fields, and just about anything else. 
By disregarding quantum entanglement and actually using quantum discord as a useful tool, he started to get extremely reliable results at room temperature. Thanks to that, he has been able to miniaturize Luana’s brain to fit into a human skull. With the use of holographic neural technology and wave encoding Luana is now able to visualize and think in 3-D and is also theoretically capable of sending and receiving thought waves. 
If everything works as intended, Luana will be able to function like a real human. Once more Hans imagines pictures of a Nobel Prize. 
A subtle flash of lightning followed by some distant rumbling indicate that the storm has calmed down into a steady rain, but Hans doesn’t care. He is too busy drooling over Luana who is finally finished.
The time-consuming part of teaching her will have to wait till tomorrow, which is Sunday.  Right now he is done for the day. Besides—his mind is too fuzzy from the liquor. Dropping on the sofa in his attic, he quickly falls asleep. 
During the following three weeks, Hans is busy training Luana. He spends many hours teaching her the correct meaning of Tina’s vocabulary. As Hans pronounces each word he points at the appropriate object, then Luana repeats the word while using her eyes to scan it into her memory. She rapidly masters Tina’s wordlist within a few short days. Teaching her how to do things, like walking, is much more complicated. It requires moving her legs physically through each action in order for it to register into her memory. 
While most of the training has been very routine, some unexpected problems have occurred.  Hans painfully remembers how she sat on a chair while he tried to teach her how to grab a dumbbell with an underhanded grip. Standing in front of her, Hans was moving her left arm, hand, and fingers through the proper motions while verbalizing the action by saying, “Lock your fingers around it—Grab it real tight.” When Luana was able to do it independently, he moved the dumbbell to her right hand and started to train that one. Unfortunately he forgot to tell her that the left arm would now be at rest. As soon as he had Luana’s right hand under the dumbbell and said, “Grab it real tight,” he experienced an excruciating pain in a very delicate part of his body. In the heat of the moment he couldn’t remember the proper release command. By the time he had her fingers peeled off, one at a time, Luana had memorized so many cusswords that it took him the rest of the week to erase them from her memory. Hans now knows that drinking alcohol while training Luana is a bad idea. By Friday, March the 13th, Luana’s basic training is completed. From here on the emphasis will be on personality development and proper behavior.
In the meantime, Hans is really struggling with his emotions. He knows that he is using Luana as an excuse to avoid real women, but never having learned how to interact emotionally with real women has left him scared to death of failure, embarrassment, and rejection.  There are areas where he is still seriously brainwashed.  Thanks to his mother, he still believes that suggesting sex to any woman is highly insultive and just as evil as making an improper pass at the Virgin Mary. According to Selma, women hate sex and only do it to be popular with the men or to get a baby. 
Not wanting to insult women, Hans is now looking forward to practicing with Luana since she is a robotic machine without consciousness or feelings. Little is he prepared for the greatest shock in his life.  
Against all expectations, Luana’s behavior has started to become more and more humanlike. Hans is freaking out, even scared. More and more, Luana, who is mentally brilliant, is starting to display emotions like a little four year old girl. She gets excited when things go well and throws hissy-fits when things go bad. Just a few days ago while having trouble learning a new task, she suddenly screamed in anger, threw her arms around Hans’s neck, and with her head on his shoulder cried bitterly. Only when Hans held her gently, stroked her hair, and whispered soothing words into her ears, did she calm down. Hans is shocked. Robots don’t act that way. What’s happening to Luana? he wonders. Don’t tell me I’m raising a child in a robotic body. Realizing that for some mysterious reason Luana seems to be developing a sense of identity, sleeping with her is out of the question until he figures out what’s going on. 
Right now it’s Friday, March the 27th , two weeks after the end of Luana’s basic training and Hans and Luana are relaxing on the living-room sofa. 
“Luana,” Hans starts. “You’re supposed to be a robot but you are acting more and more like a human being. What’s going on sweetheart?  I love you but I’m so confused.”
Guilty looking, Luana answers apologetically. “Hans not happy—Luana bad—Luana sorry.” Softly she starts to cry.
Hans quickly wraps his arms around her.  Giving her a kiss he whispers, “No, no, no! Don’t cry sweetheart, I’m very happy.  I love what’s happening to you but I’m confused.  Please tell me about yourself. What’s going on?”
Wiping her tears she responds, “Luana loves Hans.” 
Stroking Luana’s luxurious long hair, Hans says smilingly, “That’s all I need to hear.  I love you too Luana. I desperately need someone to talk to and you are the only one I have.  I could use some advice.  Maybe you can help me.”
Luana smilingly faces Hans. “Luana smart, Luana loves helping Hans.” 
“Thanks honey.  I’ve been very angry and extremely depressed lately.”
Feeling panic Luana starts crying again. “Hans mad at Luana? Luana sorry.”
Taking Luana in his arms, Hans runs his hand through her hair while whispering in her ear. “NO! Not you, darling. I’m mad at God.” Hans gives her a quick kiss on the lips and starts to unload the pain he’s been feeling for the last three months. “Luana, let me explain, sweetheart. Religious fanatics have brainwashed me ever since birth and God did nothing to stop it. God ignored all my prayers for help so I fired him. I’m fuming-mad. I feel humiliated. I blame myself for having trusted God and accepted ‘hearsay’ as facts. I swear that will never happen again. I know I’ve got to get over it but I can’t. I just want to get even.” 
Deeply frowning Luana responds cautiously. “Luana confused—Why angry at God?—Made universe in six days—God tired.  Rested on seventh day—Maybe still resting.”
Hans bursts out laughing and thinks, Absolutely weird. Normal robots are incapable of feeling and common sense, yet Luana is doing it. 
“Gosh, Luana, that sounds great,” Hans chuckles, “but I’m getting tired of God sleeping when I need Him. What am I supposed to do?”
Firmly she responds. “Hans must question God. Can Hans see, hear, or touch God?”
“You got to be kidding, Luana,” Hans smiles. “Nobody can see, hear, or touch God. I always have to guess what His answers are.“
Luana sounds surprised. “But if not see, hear, or touch God, God still sleeping. God still tired.”
Hans sighs deeply. “You may be right, Luana. I suppose I should give God a break, but if God can’t give me any answers I have no choice but to stick with the fundamental rules of science. Faith-without-facts-is-fiction.” 
“Hans right,” Luana responds calmly. After a brief pause she flashes a bright smile and says, “Luana lucky. Luana has own god. Own god very smart. Luana can see, hear, and touch own god.”
What the hell is that all about, Hans thinks before snapping, “WHAT?—What are you talking about?  You have your own god?” 
Gently taking a hold of Hans’s hand Luana lovingly whispers, “Yes—Hans made Luana, Hans is Luana’s god.”
Hans is ready to faint. With mouth wide open he gasps, “What was that?”—
“Hans is Luana’s god,” she repeats. “Hans created Luana. Hans, Luana’s god.”
Hans is dumbfounded., That’s human talk. She is acting like a human. Nervously he embraces her with eyes misting over and mumbles, “Thank you so much for saying that darling, I love you.”
“Luana loves Hans too,” she whispers.
Sighing, Hans folds his arms. “Alright, Luana, I think you’re right. If my God doesn’t respond to any of my prayers, I have no choice but to take charge of my own life until God wakes up again.  I guess I have to make my own decisions and create my own philosophy of life.”
Luana quietly nods her head in agreement.
“Alright,” Hans says. “How about this?  Earth is Hell, Satan runs it, and for all practical purposes, God is still tired and sleeping.” 
“Good,” Luana says. “Luana wants to learn about God. Why so many gods on Earth?  Can’t all be real.”
Leaning back Hans says. “Well—as a physicist I know two basics facts.  LOVE and HATE are the two fundamental forces in the universe that require no proof. LOVE builds, HATE destroys. That’s a fact recognized by both mankind and animals. If the real God is the creator of everything, He has to be pure love and create in his own image.”
Luana gleefully agrees. “Yes, yes, yes. Hans is god, Hans love. Therefore real God can only be LOVE—But most gods are mean MEN—Where are female gods?—Where?”
Hans bursts out laughing while thinking. I can’t believe I’m talking to a robot. She’s acting like a human. It’s got to be that quantum brain of hers.
Acting serious, Hans continuous. “Aha, good question, Luana. Patriarchal societies are run by men. They believe themselves to be superior to women, that’s why they create their gods as males in their own image.”
Luana raising her eyebrows, “Hans saying people create own gods?”
“Exactly, Luana. the masculine gods of many major religions are the creations of the people who worship them. Those gods are similar to ruthless dictators. They have the same characteristics and lack of emotional control as their male subjects.”
Luana thoughtfully repeats, “Most gods created by men—Interesting.”
Hans continues. “The only gods that are real are the ones that are modeled after the Ultimate-God of pure love, compassion and forgiveness for everyone.”
“Interesting,” Luana mumbles thoughtfully.
Getting more animated Hans continuous. “I am sick and tired of sadistic sub-humans who torture, kill and destroy in the name of their hateful, fake gods.”
Sitting up straight, Luana cries, “HANS NEEDS GODDESS. Goddess of pure love.”
Caught off guard, Hans takes several moments to recuperate. Holy crap. She’s right. All through elementary school I have been bullied and beaten up by men, while women always treated me with respect and helped me. Maybe it’s time to worship a Goddess.
Full of excitement Luana continues. “GODDESS OF PURE LOVE. Goddess loves infinite diversity just like nature. No two snowflakes alike. No two people alike.”
Totally dumfounded Hans pulls himself together and makes a powerful decision. “Alright, Luana, you just helped me make up my mind. I will adopt a Goddess, and she will be the Goddess of pure love.” 
Jumping up from the sofa, Luana squeals with delight. “Yay—Hans getting Goddess!”
Getting excited Hans says smilingly, “Since my Goddess has no sacred scriptures written about her, there is no record of promises she has ever made. That means I can never blame her for lying to me, and that’s exactly the way I like it.” Grinning brightly at Luana he says, “Listen. In spite of the enjoyable way you have defended God by suggesting that He may still be resting, I am still not letting Him off the hook that easy. Replacing Him with a Goddess is wonderful but I want to be a little meaner. Any suggestions?”
Luana hesitates. “Luana not sure. Maybe worship statue of Goddess—God won’t like statues.”
Hans chuckles. “Nice possibility, Luana,” Quietly he thinks, A violation of the second universal commandment (first one for Roman Catholics) might not be such a bad idea. “Luana—How about a statue representing the daughter of the Goddess?”
“Great!” Luana shrieks. Statue can be Hans’s private goddess.”
“You’re the greatest, Luana. How about a name for the Goddess and her daughter?”
Jumping up with enthusiasm, Luana yells, “GODESHA and NICOLETTE.”
Hans is delighted. Starting to ask Luana another question, she cuts him off.
“Luana tired. No more talk. Batteries low. Need hugs and kisses now.’’ Luana gently embraces Hans, puts her head on his shoulder, and whispers, “Hans is Luana’s god.”
Overcome with emotion, Hans whispers, “Thank you darling, I love you.”
After kissing Luana goodnight, Hans hooks her up to her charging station and goes to bed.
The next day he searches many stores until he finds a statue of a young, beautiful, blonde lady which he buys. She will be NICOLETTE, his private goddess of pure love.
Smilingly he reminds himself of a statement in the Bible. Romans 13:10. “Love fully satisfies all of God’s requirements. It’s the only law you need.”
Having lots of unanswered questions about the nature of the real Godhead, Hans finally puts the subject to rest. Why worry about the unknowable?  The bottom line is that nothing will ever bring him back to traditional religion again, except, maybe, an interview with Jesus himself, or maybe the Mother-God of the universe—that’s if she exists. 
Little does he know, this may happen sooner than he thinks.




CHAPTER 3.  THE MOTHER GOD

It is Thursday, April 9, 2009.  It’s impossible to tell that there is a full moon because of the dark, overhanging clouds and the rain. Still defiant of God and the Cult, Hans has enjoyed playing make-believe with Nicolette, his statue, and Godesha, the fantasy goddess of the universe. Since both symbolize pure love they have become very special to him. Just for fun, Hans asked Nicolette for answers to a few scientific problems he had been struggling with for several days. Of course he didn’t expect an answer but somehow the solutions were in his mind the next day. Hans fluffed it off as plain coincidence even though this has happened several times before.
In the meantime, Luana has continued to make great progress. Believing that it’s high time to have her properly dressed instead of parading naked around the house, Hans visits a local department store. 
Instead of buying a few things at a time, he decides to get her a complete wardrobe. That turns out to be an embarrassing mistake. Knowing nothing about women’s needs, he zeros in on a friendly female clerk who is eager to help. Hans tells her it is for his girlfriend who is six foot tall just like himself. After having gotten everything and finally standing at the check-out counter, the girl winks at him and whispers, “It’s alright, my brother loves to cross dress too. Next time you need anything just ask for me.” Thank God there were no other customers in line. Hans’s face turns red as a brick. He thanks her kindly, pays the bill, and gets the hell out of their fast.
In the meantime Luana has matured emotionally to the level of a five year old. Fortunately she was thrilled with her new wardrobe, but that very response leaves Hans dumbfounded.  Robots, no matter how human, are not supposed to have feelings. Luana on the other hand is continuing to display more and more human characteristics. It’s way beyond her programming. Often, when she is relaxing, her eyes follow Hans all over the place. Then when he suddenly looks at her, she quickly turns her head and smiles like a naughty child. 
By now it’s 7pm. Hans is done for the day and decides to take a coffee break in spite of the bad weather.  He starts out for his favorite restaurant where he is well liked by the waitresses because he is friendly and a good tipper.  Bad weather never stops him.  Being single he can do as he pleases. Luana should be fine as long as he doesn’t stay out too long. She gets frantic when that happens.
After five minutes on the road, Hans realizes he made a bad mistake. The weather is taking a turn for the worst.  His wipers are going full speed but the road ahead can hardly be seen.  A U-turn is out of the question.  The lights of the oncoming traffic plus the reflections from the road would make it suicidal.  He decides to just keep going since he’s driven this route at least a million times.
Suddenly, about twenty feet ahead of him in the middle of the road, he spots a large deer. He slams on the brake.  What a mistake. Hydroplaning out of control he spirals completely around, flies off the road and proceeds to summersault sideways down a steep embankment. At the bottom he is brought to an abrupt halt by crashing mercilessly into a huge tree. Everything turns black as Hans passes out. 
As he slowly regains consciousness he is lying on the grass near the edge of a creek.  Slowly he struggles to his feet and barely remembers what happened. After checking himself he mumbles. “Thank goodness, nothing broken.”  The rain is pouring down with a fury but it doesn’t seem to bother him.  As he becomes more rational he gets angry.  What am I doing out here? he wonders.  My seatbelt was on.  He looks around trying to locate his car.  It doesn’t take long to find it.  Wrapped around a large willow about thirty feet away, he spots it.  “Shit,” he swears.  “It’s demolished—My insurance will go up.”  Scratching his head he ponders, why am I here?  The car door is closed. Standing all confused he notices a fairly large buck with branched antlers walking up to the driver’s window. “That’s the S.O.B. that made me crash,” he cusses. Briskly running over he yells, “Hey, get out of there!”  However, the deer doesn’t move which really gets him mad. Walking to within five feet he furiously yells again. “Hey, get out of here.”  The deer totally ignores him and continues to look through the window. 
Not wanting to risk a confrontation with antlers, Hans, gently using the back of his hand, taps the stag’s side. “Shit,” he mumbles as he feels no contact. Shocked and confused he slowly tries it again, this time looking at his hand. The result is shocking.  His hand is moving right through the animal without the slightest sensation of contact.  He freezes. Did I just crash my car trying to save a phantom deer?  As he stands in near panic, the animal slowly strolls away. 
Hans is stunned but not for long. He hears screaming behind him.  Turning his head he sees five men frantically scrambling down the hill yelling at each other.  “Get him out of that car before it catches fire!  Someone, call 911.”
Reassuringly Hans yells back.  “It’s alright!  I am okay!”
But no one pays attention. Instead they briskly walk right through him, open the front door, and proceed to pull someone out from the driver’s seat.
To his horror Hans recognizes himself all covered with blood.  “Hey!” he frantically yells at the men. “I’m here, I’m okay!” but nobody pays attention.  Hans tries touching them, but again. No contact. His hands are going right through them.
“He isn’t breathing,” one yells, “Let’s do CPR.” Quickly laying him on the grass one starts pumping his chest while another is feverishly talking on his cellphone. The rain is pouring down at full force.
Hans is going crazy.  He frantically tries to get their attention but nothing works.  Hysterically screaming at them he slowly gets dizzy.  Right before passing out he faintly hears the siren of an emergency vehicle getting louder and louder.

As Hans regains consciousness he finds himself standing in the middle of a magnificent park with large exotic tropical trees and many unusual plants.  He looks around in total amazement.  High above he sees a starry sky indicating that it’s probably nighttime but everything is clearly visible in spite of no obvious source of light.  Hans wonders what happened. Everything seems so perfect and peaceful. 
Slowly his memory returns and it hits him. I guess I just got killed.  
With an air of sarcasm he continues to think. Well, shit happens.  I guess we all have to go sometime.  Hans is thoroughly familiar with the process of death and dying, at least in theory, for he has studied and lectured on it for many years.  
Cynically laughing he wonders.  This is probably God’s way of taking revenge for me having replaced him with a Goddess and a statue of her daughter—Too bad, God—Nicolette has done more for me in the few weeks I’ve known her than you did in my entire life—She actually answers some of my questions and I can see and touch her. 
Nervously he thinks. I guess if I died with God’s blessings, I should be seeing the tunnel and the white light by now—but then again—I don’t see the fires of hell  either—How comforting.
Not giving a rat’s ass, he reaches for his pack of cigarettes and lights up. Taking several drags he talks out loud. “I thought you weren’t supposed to be able to smoke when you’re dead.  I guess, that’s another example of how screwed up the gurus are.”  Deeply inhaling he continues. It’s all God’s fault.  He never bothered to respond to any of my prayers.  I did my part and I have no intentions of feeling guilty or taking the blame for anything.
Not knowing what else to do he starts to follow the path he is on. Soon he sees other people, singles, couples, families and even some pets.  Everybody looks happy and guess what. Hans passes at least three other people who are smoking.  They wave at him with a smile of recognition. Hans sees it as a sign of acceptance just like on Earth.  Instantly he feels more relaxed.
After passing several empty park benches he gets to one with someone sitting on it.  The man reminds him of himself in age and appearance. Tall, slender, athletic, and casually dressed in blue jeans with a short sleeved Hawaiian looking shirt hanging over his pants.  Hans approaches him. “Excuse me sir, I think I’m lost. Where am I?”
“Lower regions of Heaven,” the man answers. “What happened? Accident?”
“Sort of,” Hans replies inhaling again. “My car summersaulted down an embankment. When I regained consciousness I was outside my body looking at myself. I guess that means I’m dead, right?”
“Could be,” the man says, “but If you didn’t see the white tunnel or any holy people, you may just be having a Near-Death-Experience.”
“Excuse me for asking,” Hans takes another drag. “What made you ask if I was new around here?”
“The cigarette, man.  It’s a dead giveaway.”
“Why? Can’t you smoke around here?”
“Of course you can,” the man says.  “It wouldn’t be Heaven if you couldn’t, but most people give it up voluntarily because they lose the need for it.  Anyway, most of the people here have actually died on Earth.”
“Is that how you got here?” Hans scratches his head.
Getting a little nervous, the man mumbles. “I wish I knew. I have no idea who I am or where I came from. Something terrible happened. They took away my memory to spare me the pain. I’m supposed to get it back when they are ready to return me to wherever I came from.”
“Do you know your name?” Hans asks.
“No.  My temporary name is Alon.”
Hans extends his hand. “Nice to meet you, Alon, I’m Hans.”
After shaking hands Alon stands up. “I have to go.  Don’t worry. Everything will be fine.  Just keep following this path.  Someone will pick you up eventually. It always happens.”  Alon turns around and quickly walks away.
Feeling slightly encouraged Hans continues to walk.  He is amazed at the beauty of everything. Passing a large ornamental fountain shooting high jets of water, he sees freshly cut lawns with well-coordinated flowerbeds separated by artistically designed areas of white river rocks. Finally he arrives at an organic looking bridge which seems to have grown out of both sides of the creek. It is so imaginative and well-designed that he can hardly believe his eyes.  Crossing over to the other side he starts hearing the sounds of seagulls. Soon he finds himself on an empty beach facing the ocean.  
As he approaches the water, the feeling of serenity is overwhelming. The calming waves of the ocean gently roll up to his feet as he quietly stands there inhaling the pleasant salty moisture of the air. Looking up, he observes the vast expanse of thousands of brilliant, peacefully glittering stars high above him. 
Suddenly his attention is drawn to the horizon.  A soft bright light seems to be slowly moving in his direction.  The closer it gets the bigger, brighter, and faster it becomes. What at first looked like an diamond composed of many brilliant facets soon turns out to be a mandala radiating a dazzling array of light-blue colors from its golden center. 
Hans stands motionless as he watches the object grow larger and larger.  Within seconds it slowly lands within twenty feet of him. Hans is now totally immersed within its radiant light. Gradually the apparition darkens and slowly fades away. Standing in front of him is a radiant six-and-a-half-foot woman with beige-blonde hair that drapes around her shoulders to the middle of her back. Her athletic looking body is covered with a metallic, golden, floor-length gown that covers her almost completely except for her light-skinned shoulders and forearms. Surrounding her back and forearms is a transparent silver-golden veil that reaches to the ground. 
Gracefully she steps in his direction and introduces herself.  “I am Godesha.” 
Stunned by the tremendous feeling of facing an entity possessing incredible power and wisdom, Hans stands frozen. “ G-Godesha?” he stutters while falling to his knees. 
Gently she reaches for his hand and says, “It's alright, you can stand up.” 
As Hans gets back on his feet, Godesha shrinks down to about six feet. Her veil vanishes and her dress morphs into a more casual outfit that covers her shoulders and arms.
“Come, Hans,” she says smilingly. “I’ll take you to a place where we can talk.”
Before Hans has a chance to respond, he finds himself flying along the edge of the ocean with Godesha holding his hand. Soon, a pier shows up in the distance that stretches several hundred feet into the ocean. Silently Godesha takes a shortcut across the water and touches down on the sheltered deck of a little building at the end of the pier. She releases his hand and points to a pair of cushioned, bamboo chairs. “Sit down and relax,” she says.
Totally overwhelmed Hans nervously takes a seat while cautiously looking at his surroundings. There is nothing but the wooden shack behind him, the slanted roof overhead, and a wooden railing in front and on both sides separating him from the turbulent ocean below. 
Hans is worried. First the accident, then dying, and now Godesha, the same name as the goddess he created. It’s too much to comprehend. 
As Godesha takes the seat across from him, she smiles encouragingly.  “Calm down, Hans. I am listening. Talk about anything you like.”
Not knowing how to start, he mumbles. “Godesha, I’m confused—such a coincidence.  ‘Godesha’ also happens to be the name of my fantasy-goddess.”
Promptly she answers, “If your fantasy-goddess is pure love than she represents me, for I am pure love and I am the Goddess of the Universe.”
Hans hesitates. “But what is your real name?”
“I am nameless. I accept whatever you choose to call me. ‘Godesha’ is fine with me.”
Quickly Hans moves to the thing uppermost on his mind. “Godesha, please, what happened to me?—Am I dead?”
“No Hans. You are in the lower region of Heaven. After we are done talking, I’ll return you safely to your physical body.”
Greatly relieved, Hans sighs, “But why this accident? I am always so careful when driving.”
“You left me no choice, Hans. You were so angry and determined to get proof that it took a Near-Death-Experience to make it happen.”
Hans sighs again. “But how about my injuries? Where is my body right now?” 
“You are currently in the hospital in a coma but don’t worry, you’ll be fine.”
Cautiously Hans starts. “I hope you can help me. I have some serious issues.”
“I will help you and all your issues will be addressed,” Godesha says. “I am happy to see you are finally doing your own thinking. It’s about time don’t you think?”
“Yes,” Hans mumbles. “I’m embarrassed it took so long.”
“Better late than never.” Godesha says, nodding approvingly.
Sighing deeply Hans starts. “Please, tell me about yourself. Most people, especially men, ridicule the idea of a Goddess. Doesn’t it bother you to be rejected by so many?”
“Not at all, Hans. I only deal with those who seek me.”
“Well, that’s me alright,” Hans says, sighing with relieve. “What’s your relationship with the Father?”
“The Father and I are the Twin-Gods of the universe.”
“Does that mean you are God’s Wife?”
“Yes, you might say that,” Godesha says smilingly. “Together we are the Father/Mother God of the universe with the ability to function independently as GOD and GODDESS.” 
Slightly confused, Hans scratches his head. “How can you be ONE and yet function as TWO? Don’t you two ever fight?”
“No Hans, we never fight. LOVE is the infinite power that unites us as ONE. 
Totally confused, Hans mumbles, “I’m sorry Godesha. This is a little complicated.”
“It’s not that difficult, Hans. Just think of a magnet . Together we are the one magnet, but separately we are the two opposing poles.” 
“Okay, I get it,” Hans responds, “but how can you oppose each other without animosity?”
 “Good question, Hans, If two people grab a rope and start pulling it in opposite directions, they are opposing each other, right?—But instead of having a conflict, they may be trying to get a very tight rope so that it is able to vibrate and produce sound. That’s how the Father and I oppose each other. Our common goal is the creation and maintenance of the universe. We do that by generating an infinite number of frequencies. The Father handles the peaks, and I handle the troughs.”
Hans smiles. “Amazing, Godesha. Are there other differences between you and the Father?”
Godesha chuckles. “Yes, we have our specialties. The Father is the intellectual dimension in charge of creating and maintaining the universe. I am the emotional dimension in charge of everything that lives and grows in the universe. To put it more simply: The Father is the main creator of the universe, but I am the one running it.
“Are you saying that the Father is not involved with People?” Hans asks.
“No, not at all. The Father is all about law and order and deals primarily with the men. I on the other hand am all about love and compassion and deal primarily with the women.”
“Godesha. Why can’t you and the Father just simply be One? Why do you have to have two?
“Good question, Hans. We were ONE before the big bang, but in order to create the universe  we had to become two opposing units. That split-up was the big bang. It unleashed an unimaginable amount of raw energy.”
Hans suddenly interjects.  “Some scientists seem to believe that God could never have created the universe, because time did not exist before the Big Bang.”
“That is only true in the physical universe, Hans. In the spiritual dimensions we have the eternal present. 
Hans asks again. “Are there other invisible universes?
“Yes. There are countless supernatural, multidimensional mind and spirit worlds as quantum physics is slowly starting to reveal.”
Hans asks, “Is it possible to visit some of those worlds while still on Earth?”
“Come on, Hans. What do you think you are doing right now?” 
“Whoops,” Hans mumbles.
“Whoops is right,” Godesha smiles.
Getting more emotional, Hans gets straight to the point. “Enough about you, Godesha. I have serious issues. Ever since birth I have been brainwashed. I am furious because God never did a thing about it. That’s why I created my fantasy religion. It was to ridicule God and get even with him. I’m so sorry. I never expected you to be real, let alone meet you.” Hans nervously shifts in his seat.
Godesha slowly stands up. “Come here Hans. I think you need a hug.”
Anxiously Hans walks over. 
As Godesha wraps her arms around him, Hans is instantly overcome with a feeling of love so intense that it leaves him totally breathless. This is way beyond anything he’s ever experienced in his entire life. 
After half a minute Godesha plants a firm kiss on his cheek and releases him. “Feel better now?”
Hans is speechless.
She looks at him smilingly. “Relax, Hans. Believe me, I won’t bite.”
“Thank you,” Hans stammers. 
As he returns to his seat, Godesha looks at him intendly. “Tell me about your problems with the Father.”
Highly agitated, Hans starts.  “It’s been coming on for quite some time, Godesha, but when I finally read in Revelation 3, verse 19, that God’s favorite pastime is to punish the people he loves, I knew I had to get rid of him before it was too late.”
Godesha chuckles, “The Father can be a little rough around the edges at times but he means well. Anyway, you decided to never worship him again, nor any masters, gurus, or teachers, unless they are women, right?”
“Darn right,” Hans says with a grim look on his face.
“In that case, would you like Me to be your Goddess?”
“Oh my goodness,” Hans cries, “But you said you only take care of women.”
“No, Hans, the Father and I do make exceptions. Since you have been brainwashed with celibacy and the need to stay away from women, you would do yourself a great favor by letting me be your Goddess.”
Fighting back his tears, Hans cries, “Yes, Godesha, I accept you right now.”
“Good.” Godesha says. “I’m impressed with how respectful you have always been to women. Instead of chasing after the popular ones, you spent a lot of time helping those that were shy, unattractive, and the ones with physical disabilities. You tutored those that struggled in math and science and never accepted anything in return even though some of them tried to get you to go the extra mile.”
Hans sadly hangs his head. “Yes, I turned down a lot of opportunities because it would have been exploitation. They trusted me! Unfortunately, the fact is, I’m not nearly as honorable as you may think, Godesha. A lot of my good behavior was deceptive. I suffer from a psychological disorder that causes me to melt with compassion at the sight of a helpless woman who is grief struck.  I have tried to fight those feelings many times but I always end up helping women who are in trouble. And that wholesome spiritual stuff, it’s a joke. Secretly I have lusted after many of them. In spite of that, I have always remained a gentleman but that is because I never wanted them to find out how depraved I really am.”
“My, my,” Godesha says soothingly. “I wish a lot more men were suffering from your disorder.  I do understand though. Years of brainwashing about the sinfulness of sex and the need for celibacy would be enough to make the best of men flip over the edge. Nevertheless, in spite of all of that, you continued to do what is right.  Lighten up, Hans. Better days are coming. A thousand women for King Solomon and not a single one for poor Hans. That is unacceptable. There is no reason why a nice, handsome, brilliant man like you can’t have a nice sweet girl to wrap his arms around.”
Kindly looking at him, Godesha continues. “As the Goddess of all women, I will send you a nice, sweet, intelligent lady who will give you everything you always dreamed about but never had the nerve to ask. Don’t get any ideas about marriage though.  This lady has her own mission to fulfill. However, if you treat her well, she might eventually come back and stay with you permanently.”
Hans can hardly believe his ears. Straightening up, choking back tears, he stutters, “A-a-a real woman? G-Godesha, are you serious? You have no idea what that means to me! It’s all I ever wanted. I LOVE YOU! Is she anybody I know?”
“Trust me, Hans, she knows you and she will contact you within a couple of weeks.” 
With eyes big as saucers, Hans gasps. “But how will I know that she is the one you are sending me?” 
“Trust me, Hans,” Godesha says with a wink. “You will know her.”
Hans is so excited he can barely keep himself under control. Godesha, sending him someone who will finally help him bring closure to years of forced celibacy. He can hardly believe it.
Thrilled, he continuous. “Godesha, why are women so severely mistreated on Earth? They have always helped me when in trouble.”
Godesha responds humorously. “What can I say, Hans? You are such a great guy. Of course, women love you.” 
Godesha continuous in a more serious tone of voice. “As you undoubtedly know, Earth is run largely by male chauvinists who worship power, money, and sex. Compassionate people are treated like fools. When they rock the boat they are often harshly silenced.”
“I know,” Hans blurts out, “but why isn’t karma dealing with that?”
“Karma is, Hans, but karma is often delayed.”
“Why?” Hans asks.
“Time takes time, Hans. Everyone must learn to do the right thing because it is right—not because of instant rewards or punishments.” 
Leaning back, Hans wonders. “How exactly does that work?”
“Reincarnation, Hans. Everyone must return to Earth over and over again until they learn that love is the highest rule in the universe and the only reality. That lesson can usually only be learned through lots of suffering.” 
“I know,” Hans says, “but what about those who do not believe in reincarnation, or those who believe that life on Earth is the only reality and that life after death is the stuff of fairytales?”
“It doesn’t matter what anyone believes or doesn’t believe, Hans. All will eventually discover the truth when they pass over. The fact remains that no one stays in Heaven forever until they have learned that love is the only reality. Love is the very essence of God. It is the only thing that can unite all of mankind as brothers and sisters.” 
“I really believe that deep in my heart, Godesha, but is there a way that I might prove that to atheists?”
“No, Hans. Don’t ever waste your time arguing. People in general only care about information, true or false, that supports what they already believe.”
Hans shakes his head with frustration. “But what can I say to someone who believes that solid matter is the only reality?”
“If they are willing to listen, Hans, use traditional science to prove that physical matter is not nearly as real as is commonly believed. Tell them about the so-called fundamental building block of all matter.”
“You mean, the atom?” Hans asks.
“Yes. the atom. Go ahead, you are the scientist.”
“Well,” Hans starts, “the atom is almost totally empty. It’s a vacuum. If it was the size of a baseball stadium, there would be nothing in it except a tiny core of protons and neutrons the size of a pea.”
 Godesha gently interrupts. “No, Hans, the tiny core of protons and neutrons would be much smaller than a pea. It would be the size of a grain of sand. With other words, you would never be able to detect it within the stadium. The electrons circling around the grain of sand would be completely invisible, because electrons are about two-thousand times smaller than the protons in the core. So, since atoms are roughly nothing more than a vacuum, what does that say about planet Earth and the rest of the universe?”
Deeply sighing, Hans explains. “If everything is made of atoms including the air we breathe, the physical world is really not much different from the vacuum of outer space.” 
“Very similar to a hologram,” Godesha says. “So why are we able to sit on a chair without falling through it?”
“Because of the electrons,” Hans replies. “They repel each other.” 
“That’s right,” Godesha says. “Everything on Earth appears to be perfectly solid because people live in bodies made from the substance of Earth, which is within the frequency of the physical universe. As soon as you leave that frequency, you find yourself in another dimension which occupies the same space.”
“Fascinating,” Hans mumbles. “So right now I am on the frequency of Heaven, right?”
“Right,” Godesha says. “Heaven is your current reality while Earth is on a different wave-length occupying the same space as heaven and many other supernatural worlds and universes.”
“I guess it’s like radio and TV programs,” Hans says. 
“That’s right. Cell-phones, computers, short-wave, long-wave. They are everywhere but you only become aware of them by tuning in on the right frequency. While on the subject, let’s clear up some misconceptions.”
“You mean the vacuum of outer space?” Hans says raising his eyebrows.
“Yes, Hans. Go ahead. It’s your specialty.”
With a serious look on his face Hans starts. “There is really no such thing as a pure vacuum. The universe is a seething ocean of infinite energy that makes hydrogen bombs look like play-toys. One cubic yard of empty space has enough power to boil all the oceans of the world.”
“That’s right,” Godesha says nodding approvingly. “People on Earth are totally unaware of being surrounded by all that energy because the positive and the negative parts keep canceling each other out.” 
Hans brings up another point. “What about the universal belief among scientists that atoms are the fundamental building block of all physical matter? Many quantum physicists, including myself, are mystified by the seeming impossible behavior of atoms and electrons. What’s going on there?”
“Good question, Hans. What do you think?”
Hans is quiet for several seconds, then starts cautiously. “I don’t know, Godesha. The electrons within atoms seem to have consciousness. When an electron is not being observed, it is everywhere at once in the shape of a cloud, but as soon as someone tries to take its picture, the electron stops and poses as if it knows it is being looked at. After the picture is taken, it is again everywhere at once. The weird thing is that it only poses if someone is consciously looking at it. It does not pose for computers who take photos at unpredictable times.”
Godesha explains. “That is because human consciousness which is the essence of God, has a direct effect on atoms and electrons. The subatomic is where the physical world transitions into the spiritual.”
I understand,” Hans says. “That’s where the logical, traditional, Newtonian science breaks down and the mysterious, non-local reality of quantum physics begins. That is something we can hopefully discuss in a future session. Right now I like to go back to the male chauvinists and the mistreatment of women.  Did you mean a little while ago that the majority of men are evil?”
“No, Hans. To the contrary. The majority of men are quite decent in nature, but they are totally brainwashed by the male sociopaths who are largely in charge of the world.”
“Pure ignorance, right?” Hans says with clenched teeth.
“Right, Hans. Everything is made from the substance of the Father and Me, which is spirit. The illusion of being separate from each other and Us is the foundation of all evil.”
Slightly agitated Hans leans forward again.  “Godesha, if that is true, why does Jehovah in the Old-Testament portray men as superior to women?”
“Don’t blame Jehovah, Hans.  The Bible was written by men who have always considered themselves superior to women. Jesus was different. He admired women for their compassion and spiritual wisdom. That’s why he appeared to them first after his resurrection.” 
“But what about men who say that women are no better than men?” Hans gasps.
“They are in denial, Hans. Just look at the facts—Who are the vast majority of evil dictators, ruthless billionaires, murderers, terrorists, suicide bombers, sexual predators, pedophiles, rapists, slave traders, drug dealers, robbers, con-artists, and so on?”
“WOW, the men, of course,” Hans says, slapping himself in the forehead. But the men will argue that women are just as bad because they are cunning, manipulative, sneaky, and deceptive.”
“What do you expect them to do, Hans? In order to get ahead in a man’s world, women are often forced to cater to the man’s perverted brain between his legs. Of course there are also evil women, but for every evil woman there are at least a hundred evil men.”
Hans abruptly straightens up. “What about humanitarians like Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, the Dalai Lama, Nelson Mandela, and so many others?”
“They are the pioneers of mankind, Hans. They are often persecuted because of their decency. They are the victims of the male-sociopaths who will jail or kill anyone who gets in their way.” 
“Delayed karma again, right?” Hans mumbles, rolling his eyes. 
“Yes, but that’s not all. The good men keep going to Heaven while the rejects are always forced to go back to Earth.” 
“So we get stuck with the trash,” Hans growls.
“That’s right,” Godesha sighs, “but justice will eventually be served. Any abuser of women is automatically reborn as a woman and always in regions where women are seriously abused.”
“Just a second,” Hans snaps, crossing his legs. “I hope you aren’t suggesting that lesbians are abusive men born in female bodies.”
“NO, NO, NO, not at all!” Godesha cries. “Many lesbians are actually good male spirits who have chosen a female body in order to fight for women’s rights. Many female spirits do the same by choosing to be reborn in a male body. In spite of everything, the dark side is still gaining. More and more evil men are spiraling down to become the missing link between apes and humans, while more and more good women are rising up to become the missing link between God and humans. Unless this spiraling into darkness ends, the human race may vanish by the year 2100.”
“What? The end of the world by 2100?” Hans asks. “What’s so special about 2100?” 
Sounding sad Godesha responds, “Spirituality is in freefall. With global warming and scientific growth on steroids more and more nuclear weapons will fall in the hands of religious fanatics who will gladly blow themselves up taking as many innocent victims with them as they can.”
“Yes,” Hans says. “Hydrogen bombs are getting smaller and smaller without losing any of their destructive power. Soon, one will fit in a suitcase. ”
“Right,” Godesha says. “The only hope for survival is for women to take control of all the governments in the world.”
“That will never happen,” Hans mumbles, his head hanging low. 
“I know,” Godesha whispers somberly. “The number of years left on Earth may very well be a two-digit number. Please, let’s move on to something more pleasant.”
 “Great idea,” Hans says with a sigh of relief. 

Hans pauses briefly.  Then with a determined look in his eyes he looks at Godesha, “I still have a lot of questions about you personally. Do you mind?” 
“Ask me anything,” Godesha says.
Slowly Hans stands up and walks over to the railing. Thoughtfully staring at the ocean, he says. “When you or the Father make an appearance to others, do you always look the same or do you adapt to the situation?”
Godesha answers. “The Father and I always appear in a manner of love that is acceptable to the person visited.” 
“Do Holy people from other religions and philosophies make appearances too?”
“Oh yes. Many people in Heaven have the ability to occasionally visit their loved ones on Earth.”
“How do you deal with terrorists who enjoy killing innocent people in the name of their god?”
“We never deal with them, Hans. Ruthless terrorists always end up in the hell they create for others.” 
“Finally a good example of karma,” Hans says cynically.
Godesha shakes her head in dismay. “Control yourself, Hans. Karma is a boomerang. It hits you when you least expect it.” 
“Great,” Hans mumbles. “Let’s talk about something different now. I have heard something about you that greatly bothers me.”
“Good. Let’s have it.” Godesha says.
Hans turns to face her. “Godesha, is it true that, as Azna, you look like a radiant warrior with a flaming sword? What is that all about?”
Kindly smiling, Godesha responds, “On this side, body armor, swords, and shields are powerful symbolic tools that are extremely effective when fighting evil.  By the way, where did you get that information?”
“Oh, ah,” Hans hesitates. “It’s from those New-Age people.”
Godesha smiles. “The Bible mentions body armor as a protection against evil but very few people understand the true significance of it.” 
“Very interesting,” Hans mumbles. “What is the significance?”
“Well, Hans, on this side, weapons like swords are focal points of concentrated love that have the ability to erase hate and negativity. It’s done with mind control and a strong feeling of love.”
Hans frowns Suspiciously. “You got to be kidding me. How can a sword be anything but an instrument of hate, death, and destruction—To compare it with love seems to me like an oxymoron.”
“That’s only true on Earth, Hans. Over here it’s very different as I will gladly prove to you. Watch. What you are about to learn may save your life someday.” 
Hans gets all excited. “Are you going to show yourself as a radiant warrior?”
“Yes,” Godesha says while standing up. Within seconds, she morphs into a six-and-a-half-foot tall radiant, powerful warrior covered with gold body armor, perfectly fitted to her imposing feminine form.  Her right hand is resting on the hilt of a double edged sword with its tip resting on the floor next to her feet. 
“This is how I look as Azna,” Godesha says. 
Greatly impressed with her appearance but very skeptical, Hans says, “You look fantastic, Godesha, but It still seems like a total contradiction to see a Goddess of love wielding a sword of death.”
Godesha smiles. “Looks are deceiving, Hans. This sword doesn’t kill anybody. It only destroys hate wherever it is pointed at.”
“Please, Godesha,” Hans gasps, “It still looks like you are using pure violence to battle Satan and all the demons of Hell.”
“No Hans. Nobody gets killed. I only shoot bolts of pure love causing evil thought forms to vanish and evil creatures to become de-energized.”
Hans still doesn’t get it, “Godesha,” he snaps.  “I have no problem with you shooting lightning bolts at evil creatures or beating the crap out of them. They certainly deserve it. Just don’t sugarcoat it with love talk. That’s an oxymoron.”
“That’s enough Hans,” Godesha says firmly. “You will never understand the enormous power of love unless I demonstrate it to you, so pay attention.” 
Instantly her sword comes alive with a golden glow. Ominously sizzling with sparks flashing back and forth along both edges Godesha steps forward and raises the tip towards Hans who quickly jumps back gasping, “Okay Godesha, I believe you. I’ll take your word for it.”
“Oh no, you don’t,” Godesha says raising the tip of her sword within a foot of his chest. “You will never believe me until you experience the intense suffering those poor monsters go through when they come face to face with the wrath of pure love.”
Cursing himself for having defied Godesha, Hans, frozen with fear, silently stares at the sword which is now highly charged, glowing, and hissing wildly. Just as he starts to sink to his knees, a narrow beam of lightning flashes out from the tip of the sword and hits the center of his chest. Little is he prepared for what follows next.
An intense rush of happiness suddenly engulfs him so completely as to render him totally helpless. The sensation of all-encompassing love is far beyond anything he ever experienced, far stronger than words could ever express. The feeling of being one with Godesha is so strong that it totally obliterates whatever doubt or resentment was hiding deep within him. 
After a while, the pure ecstasy slowly subsides and Hans gets back to normal, slightly shaken.
“Well, Hans,” Godesha says smilingly, lowering her sword which has now gone quiet. “What do you think?  Do you still feel sorry for those poor monsters now that you know how badly they are being mistreated?”
“My goodness,” Hans gasps, deeply swallowing, “you are not punishing them at all. You are rewarding them for their bad behavior.”
“Good, we are making progress,” Godesha laughs. “We have gone from torturing poor demons to rewarding them for bad behavior. Now tell me. Do you know why you felt so wonderful a minute ago?”
“Of course! You hit me with a beam of pure love.”
“Exactly, Hans, but that was your experience. Do you have any idea what pure love does to entities who are pure evil?”
“No,” Hans says, scratching his head.
“It totally de-energizes them. They faint and are rendered harmless until the love fizzles out. Pure love destroys evil energy. Make no mistake. Love is the greatest power in the universe. It dissolves wickedness completely.” 
“But, Godesha, if you send more love into a de-energized entity, won’t that kill him?”
“Oh Yes. If the entity is pure evil, he ceases to exist, but if there is still some good in him, the goodness will grow and the evil entity becomes a good entity. If you are ever confronted by demonic entities of superior power, love is the only weapon that can save you, but it requires lots of practice. You must learn to radiate love as an automatic reflex, especially while fighting to defend yourself.”
Being speechless for several seconds, Hans hesitatingly asks, “Is this a warning of what is to come?” 
“Absolutely Hans. When you start traveling in the lower regions of the underworld, especially close to Hell, you will run into entities that are far stronger than you are. Once you learn to project love like a laser you’ll be quite safe, even without a sword. Never radiate hate, because that makes the evil ones stronger.”
“You say it can work also without a sword?” Hans gasps.
“Sure! The sword is just a symbol. All you need is a focused mind and your fingertips.”
“Thank you, Godesha,” Hans mumbles, You can be my bodyguard anytime.”
“I already am,” Godesha says while her sword vanishes in a flash and she returns back to her original informal self.  “Next question.”
“There is something else that really baffles me.” Hans says. “As much as I love talking to you, who is running the universe while you are spending all this time with me?”
Godesha laughs. “The Father and I run the universe together, Hans. We are everywhere at the same time. No one needs to take a number.
Becoming very curious Hans steps away from the railing and sits down again. “Godesha, as a scientist I have never understood how you can possibly be everywhere if you are sitting right in front of me?”
“I am the universe Hans, and so is the Father. We take care of billions of things at the same time.”
Slightly shocked, Hans stands up. “Please forgive me, Godesha, but how can you possibly take care of the entire universe and still pay meaningful attention to me?”
“My, my, poor baby,” Godesha says soothingly, “worried about not getting enough quality time? You have given some good lectures on this subject.”
“Yes, but those were based on assumptions. Now I want the real truth. How can I possibly mean anything to you if you are everywhere at the same time?”
“My, my, my,” Godesha says shaking her head in dismay. “Alright. You and I are built differently. You have specific locations for all your organs, right?  Well, with me it’s different. I have no specific  organs anywhere. My mind and my senses are everywhere.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you can see and hear with your toes?” Hans gasps.
“Not only my toes, Hans. My entire body sees, hears, and thinks. I am just a temporary image created for your convenience so you can see me. I have surround vision with perfect focus in all directions at once. Every part of my body sees, hears, and thinks.”
“Well, I guess, that eliminates sneaking up behind you and touching your nice long hair,” Hans mumbles.
Godesha chuckles while sighing and shaking her head. “That’s right Hans, but don’t worry, I would never be that mean to you. If you like, you can touch my hair at the end of our meeting, as long as you are respectful—Remember, I’m your Goddess.” 
Pausing briefly she continues. “Just as my senses are everywhere within my body, so they are everywhere throughout the universe.”
Hans gasps. “You just lost me on that one.”
Godesha explains. “Let’s suppose I was the god of the desert. In that case, each grain of sand would be me and have all the capabilities of me, plus the power to make decisions and take the appropriate actions ” 
Hans is astonished. “Is that how you function in the universe?”
“Yes. That’s how I function in the Universe. I consist of an infinite number of small parts, and each part has the power and consciousness of all of me including the ability of independent action and thought. So, when a million people need my attention, a million units of me individualize. Remember, every one of my units is me and has the complete power and consciousness to work on its own. Every part of me knows everything about each person it’s dealing with, because the part of me that materializes is always the part that has been with that person from the beginning of time. So, in your case, Hans, I am the specific unit that has always been with you. Therefore, I know everything about you and I will always be the one that deals with you. Right now you are the only person I am focused on.”
“So, are you temporarily blocking out the rest of the universe?” Hans asks. 
“Absolutely. Right now you are my only focus. You have my total, exclusive, individual, and undivided attention. You are not being short-changed.” 
With a sigh of relief, Hans stammers, “I guess, you and the Father are the ultimate of multitaskers.”
“That’s right,” Godesha smiles.
“Amazing,” Hans gasps. “So, how am I related to you?”
“You are one of the units or individual parts I just talked about and so is everything else that lives and grows in this universe. You and I are one in essence.”
This is more than Hans can  handle. Looking confused he mumbles. “This is really very hard to understand.”
“I know it is hard to understand, Hans. Let me try to make it easier to grasp. If the Father and I are the ocean, you are a cup of water from that ocean.”
Hans looks puzzled. “Does that mean that I am directly related to you?”
“Yes Hans, you are my son and I am your real Mother. The Father and I created you from our Substance—All human beings are cups of water from the same ocean which is Us. All people, animals, and everything that lives and grows are also our children even though they aren’t aware of it.”
“Oh my goodness,” Hans cries. Please, Godesha, I hope you aren’t saying that all people are essentially brothers and sisters of each other and sons and daughters of you and the Father?”
“That’s exactly what I am saying, Hans. All are in different stages of development.”
“But Godesha,” Hans shouts, quickly standing up. “What about Jesus?  Isn’t he supposed to be your only son?”
“Calm down, Hans. Jesus is indeed our Son, but he never called himself the ONLY Son of God.  That was done by his followers.”
“Just a second,” Hans says while sitting down again. “I can’t believe that Jesus is the same as everybody else. You will have to explain  that.”
“Sure, Hans, I was coming to that—From a spiritual point of view there is no doubt that Jesus is far advanced beyond anyone else on Earth. If people are cups of water from the ocean which is the Father and I, Jesus qualifies as a lake of water. The saints might be gallons of water—Anybody for bathtubs or swimming pools?”
“What about animals, birds, fish, vegetation, solid rocks and sand?
“Yes, all of them are our children. They might qualify as drops of water or plain moisture. Everything in the universe is made from Our Substance, but all are in different stages of development.” 
“Godesha, when you talk about your substance, are you talking about your Spirit or your Soul?  and what is the difference? The two are often interchangeable on Earth?”
“Good question, Hans. When talking about substance I am referring to spirit as in ghosts, or supernatural beings that are either inside or separate from the physical body. The soul strictly refers to character, a compass of moral consciousness, a measure of compassion,” 
“What about criminals and mass murderers? Do you love them too?  ”
“Of course, we love them too. Just as the sun radiates its light equally in all directions, so does our love radiate equally without discrimination in all directions, but it can only be received by those who tune in to it with their own love. Terrorists, criminals, and mass murderers are incapable of tuning in to us, because they have no love. They normally end up in the hell they wish for others.”
Hans says, “In that case, sociopaths cannot receive your love, right?”
“Right. They cannot receive it because they lack the ability to tune in to us.”
Satisfied with that answer, Hans leans back. “Godesha, you keep insinuating that the Father is as loving as you are, but the Old Testament portrays him as cruel, merciless, and bloodthirsty entity. Why is that?.”
Godesha explains. “Back in the Old Testament things were different. In those days obeying the law was the highest priority. It was the Old Covenant.” 
“Just a second,” Hans snaps. “Are you trying to justify Jehovah’s merciless slaughter of millions of innocent people?”
“No, Hans. In the Old Testament the Canaanites were anything but innocent. Their heathen beliefs and practices were exemplified by Sodom and Gomorrah. It consisted of sadistic violence, warfare, torture, depravity, gross sexual excesses, incest, sodomy, bestiality, murdering their first-borns and offering human sacrifices. It was time for them to get a taste of their own medicine. Karma required their mass extermination. It was a necessary housecleaning to prepare for the New Covenant which was Jesus and his message of love, forgiveness, and mercy. The Canaanites suffered terribly, but from Heaven’s point of view, there is no death. Both birth and death are similar. It’s the leaving of one world and the entering of another one.”
Hans pauses several seconds to let it sink in. Then he says strongly, “I like the first four chapters of the New Testament where Jesus discusses his philosophy of love and compassion.”
“I am glad you mentioned that, Hans, because I have a pleasant surprise for you. “Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John are the ‘Jesus’ chapters, also called the ‘Gospel’ chapters. You have said a number of times that nothing but a face to face meeting with Jesus would ever be good enough for you. Well, I will arrange a private meeting for you with Jesus, if you are still interested.” 
Not believing his ears, Hans gasps, “What was that?”
“You heard me right, Hans. You will get your meeting with Jesus so you can interview him.  It will be a few months from now.”
Besides himself with joy, Hans shouts, “Of course I am still interested.”  Suddenly he gets a chilling thought. Does that mean I’m going to die? What about Luana?
Godesha quickly responds. “No, no, no, Hans. Nothing bad is going to happen. You’ll just be visiting Jesus in Heaven just as you are visiting me right now.”
Hans sighs with relief, “Of course I want to see Jesus, Godesha. How can I ever thank you?”
“You can thank me by continuing to protect the women,” Godesha says.”
Thrilled with excitement Hans cries, “I will, I will.” 
Godesha gets very serious now. “Hans, we’re getting close to the end of our meeting. Do you still want me to be your Goddess?”
“Absolutely. You’re the only one I’ll ever listen to.”
“Great. I have a special surprise for you.” 
Looking up with anticipation Hans asks, “Like what?”.
“I will have my daughter become your day to day private goddess and teacher.  She will help you with the skills you need in order to continue your visits on this side if that’s what you want.”
“I’ll accept all the help I can get,” Hans says delightedly. “Does your daughter have something to do with my statue?”
“Of course, Hans.  My daughter will become your real Nicolette and she will look exactly like your statue.”
At this time, Godesha gets more serious.  “Be careful, Hans. If you ever venture in the regions below Heaven, you will be tempted. Inexperience, lust, and lack of soul-recognition are your greatest problems. You may not recognize evil until it is too late.  Nicolette and I can only protect you as long as you follow our advice, so be careful.”
Godesha firmly embraces him. “Now you can touch my hair if you still want to.” 
Nervously Hans strokes Godesha’s hair. While doing so he experiences again the enormous spiritual love he felt earlier.
Still holding Hans, Godesha makes one final statement. “Remember what I said earlier. ‘Love is the highest law in the universe and the only power that can turn evil into good.’” With a firm kiss on the cheek she releases him.
Hans quickly starts to question her about that last statement, but Godesha has vanished. Hans is alone again facing the ocean. 
As he thinks about the whole experience he feels himself starting to levitate.  Gently he floats over the ocean in the direction of the beach and towards the park. Once there he starts to get dizzy. He tries to fight it off but it’s no use. Slowly he sinks to the ground and passes out.

Suddenly he hears voices around him.  His stomach feels tight up in knots and he has a headache.  Feeling very drowsy he tries to open his eyes but he can’t.  He hears a woman sobbing in the background while a hand is touching his face.  Then close to him he hears a male-voice. “Hey, his eyelids are moving.”
Hans hears the crying woman coming to the bed.  “Hans, Hans, speak to me. I’m your Mother.”
Hans immediately recognizes Selma’s voice while someone is grabbing his hand.  “Please Hans, squeeze my hand if you can,” she cries.
While squeezing her hand Hans tries to open his eyes again.  He manages to do it just long enough to see his parents standing next to his bed in addition to several people dressed in green outfits. “Where am I,” he whispers.
Selma shouts. “He looked at me and he’s talking!” 
While doctors and nurses start checking the monitors he is hooked up to, Selma continues to talk. “You are in the hospital, dear.  You were in a car accident.  Everything will be alright.  Mother is with you.”
Hans struggles to get his eyes open again and finally manages to do so.  “How bad is it Mom?  What are they doing?”
A short, slightly overweight man dressed in green takes over. “I’m Doctor Kleaver,”  he says, scratching his bald head. “Just relax; we have things under control. How are you feeling?”
“Crappy.” Hans tries to smile.  “Tell me what’s going on.”
“You have a slight concussion,” Dr. Kleaver says, “and you have been unconscious for the last couple of hours but the MRI and other test results show a normal brainwave and no internal swelling or bleeding.  You are lucky to be alive.”
Hans, satisfied that he is in good hands, quickly drifts off. By the time he wakes up he finds himself in a hospital bed with a tube in his arm. He has no idea what time it is.  He can see the sun through his window.  It’s close to the horizon.  Either it’s early in the morning or late in the evening.  
His thoughts are interrupted by a nice young Latino nurse who just walked in.  “Hello, Mr. Seeker. I see you are awake. I’m, Hilda, your nurse.” She starts checking his pulse. “Did your bowels move last night?”
Hans forces a week smile.  “Please, Hilda.  I just lost my car in a major accident.  I’m really not in the mood to talk about my bowels right now.”
“That’s okay,” she says, pushing a thermometer in his mouth. “You are alive, and that’s all that matters.”
“What time is it?” he asks.
“Six a.m. Please don’t talk while I’m taking your temperature.” After pulling the thermometer back out she says, “Remarkable, no temperature and a normal heartbeat.  That’s highly unusual after what you went through.  You are lucky.”
“Well thank you.  When do we eat around here?” Hans asks.
“About eight, but you have to get your bath first.”
“Great. Are you going to wash me?” Hans asks.
“Of course,” Hilda says.
“Make sure you don’t miss anything. I’ve been lying in the rain for a long time,” Hans says trying to look serious.
“Don’t worry. I’m a detail person.” Hilda says smilingly while winking at him. Pulling the privacy curtain around the bed, she starts to remove his hospital gown.
After Hans has gotten a good bath he falls asleep with a big smile on his face. 
At 8 a.m. his breakfast is served.  He quickly finds out that it is a far cry from his favorite restaurant food.  Even Luana cooks better than this.  “LUANA,” he gasps. He never went home last night.  Luana has never been left by herself.  Hans is frantic now because Luana is more than just a robot.  She has started to display more and more humanlike emotions and has become real attached to him. Still worrying about Luana, Dr. Kleaver walks in.
“Hello, Hans, how are you feeling today?”
“Pretty good, Doc, except for a slight headache.”
“We’ll have to keep an eye on that,” Dr. Kleaver says. “You were in a coma when they brought you in last night.  You had all the signs of a serious concussion but all the tests are coming back negative.  Nothing broken.  Your headache may be due to the external cuts and bruises.  We’ll keep you for a couple of days and run some more tests just to make sure there are no complications.”  With a quick smile he mumbles, “Take care, I’ll check back with you tomorrow.” He turns around and leaves.
Just as Hans starts to eat his breakfast his mother and dad come walking in.
“Hans!” Selma shouts while running over and giving him a big hug.  “I’m so excited to see you sitting on the edge of your bed and eating.  You are looking so much better today.”
Paul, not given to great emotional displays, flashes a happy smile while giving him a firm hand shake.
After a few minutes of concerns and small talk, Selma says, “Hans, would you mind if we check your house?  We can take in the mail and make sure everything is okay.  If there is anything you need, please say so.”
Hans hesitatingly answers. “Yes, that would be great.  I’m really worried about a scientific project that I built in the attic.  It’s a robot. Her name is Luana.  Please make sure she is okay.  Tell her that I will be home in a couple of days.”
Selma getting all excited says, “A talking robot.  A female?  How exciting.  Is it something like Bralinda or Alicia?  You never told us that you were building another one.”
“I know, Mom.  It is supposed to be a secret,” Hans anxiously says.  “I don’t want anyone to find out about her. She looks like a real human. I’m very worried about her because she’s never been alone and I am the only one she knows.”
“Wow,” says Selma. “I’m so excited.  You are talking about her as if she is a real person.  Your Dad and I can hardly wait to meet her, right Paul?”
Paul, not being too sure, just nods his head.
After two hours of pleasant conversation, Selma and Paul are ready to go home.
“Please find out where they put my clothes,” Hans mentions.  “The keys should be in my right pocket.”
“We took care of it last night,” Selma says.  “We took your wallet and your keys with us.  The rest is in the dresser-drawer next to your bed and,” pointing at a locker, “your clothes are in there on hangers.”
While his parents are leaving Paul says. “We may be back later tonight.  If not, we’ll call.”
Selma, quickly corrects Paul.  “We will be back later tonight for sure, sweetheart!”
After hugs, kisses, and a hand-shake, Selma and Paul leave.
Hans is now by himself worrying about Luana, his job, and his car.  Having nothing else to do he grabs the phone on his nightstand and spends the next two hours contacting his boss, the insurance company, and others who need to know about his situation. 
After an uneventful day of thermometers, blood tests, and urine samples, his IV-hose is taken out and dinner arrives.  Hans reluctantly digs into a bland combination of asparagus, mashed potatoes, and a piece of chicken, not to mention the chicken-broth soup and the weak, decaf coffee.  A good hamburger would have been most welcome right now. 
At about 6:30 p.m. his mother arrives by herself.  “Hi Hans,” she says giving him a firm hug.  “How are you doing?  Dad didn’t feel like coming.  He is staying at your place making sure everything is fine.”
“What about Luana? How is she?” Hans says nervously.
Selma’s happy face turns sad.  “Hans, we looked everywhere.  The place is empty, except for Bralinda and Alicia in the attic.”
Hans is stunned.  “Mother, that’s impossible.  You must have seen her.  Are you sure you looked carefully, especially in the attic?”
“Yes we did, Hans.  She just isn’t there, or if she is, we can’t find her.”
Hans is shocked.  This can’t be true.  He needs to think for a couple of minutes.  Finally, he says, “Mother, did you just tell me that Dad is staying at my place?”
“Yes I did.  He is there right now.”
“I need to talk to him immediately.” Hans instantly starts dialing his dad’s cellphone. 
Finally Father picks up.  Hans can tell immediately that there is a problem.  Dad is totally out of breath and panic ridden.  “Hans, there is something going on in the attic,” he gasps.  “I just heard a big heavy object fall on the floor, followed by all kind of noises.”
“Calm down Dad,” Hans yells feeling greatly relieved.  “That’s Luana, I need to talk to her right now.  Get her on the phone, please!”
“No!  I’m not going anywhere near the attic.  You got a wild animal in there, I swear. There was nothing in there earlier.  Your mother and I searched the whole attic.  Your mother even called her name, and there was no response.”
“Listen, Dad.  Tell her that you are my father and that Hans wants to talk to her right now.”
“Okay, hang on, I’ll try.” Paul says fearfully.
Hans hears his father going to the attic-stairway and yelling.  “Luana, Luana, Hans is on the phone.  Hans wants to talk to you.  I’m Hans’s father.  Hans wants to talk to you on the pho—” 
Hans suddenly hears a lot of commotion followed by the screaming of Luana.
“Hans! Hans! Haaans!” he hears in the distance. “Hans on phone!  Luana wants phone!”  Apparently Luana must have snatched it out of Dad’s hand because she is talking into it now.
“Hans, Hans, where are you?”
“Calm down, Luana. I will see you tomorrow.  Everything is fine.”
“Luana worried!  Waiting, waiting.  No Hans.  Strange people in house, Luana hide. Luana wants Hans!  Luana worried!”
“Luana, please be nice to that man.  He is my father, and be careful with that cellphone.  Make sure he gets it back.  The lady who was with him earlier is my mother.  I want you to be nice to both of them.”
“Where are you, Hans?”
“I’m in the hospital, but I will be coming home tomorrow.”
“Hospital!!?  NO! NO!  Hans sick!  Luana must take care of Hans!  Hans must come home now!!”
“Luana, give the phone back to my father, I need to talk to him.  You be good.  I will see you tomorrow.”
Seconds later, he hears his father.  “Hi, Dad.  Please don’t be scared of Luana. She is very nice once you get to know her. Ask her anything.  She’s very smart.”
“I’ll take your word for it, son.  You could have fooled me.  The way she came barreling out of that attic, ripping the phone right out of my hand, almost knocking me to the floor.  Thank God she’s a little calmer now and smiling.  Are you really coming home tomorrow or were you just kidding?”
“I’m coming home dad, even if it is against doctor’s orders.”
“Don’t be too hasty son.  Your mother and I will be able to handle things for the time being.  I have to hang up now.  We’ll talk again tomorrow.”
Selma is absolutely delighted.  “Paul found Luana!” she shouts.  “I can hardly wait to meet her tonight.  Listen, Hans, since you have good news now, you should sleep real well.  We will take care of Luana.  If she gets out of hand, we will let her talk to you on the phone.”
After another hour, Mother leaves the hospital to meet Paul and Luana.




CHAPTER 4.  FINDING LOVE

It’s Friday, May first, 2009. It’s been a little over three weeks since Hans had his Near-Death-Experience.  Fully recovered he has returned to work and is getting very impatient.  Godesha promised to send him a nice young woman to help him heal from his brainwashed past.  So far there has been no sign of her.  Neither has there been any evidence of Nicolette, Godesha’s daughter. 
Sarcastically grumbling about patience being a virtue, Hans has focused all his free time on training Luana who, due to her quantum brain, is rapidly learning more and more.  He is thrilled to no end with her progress. Reading, writing, and especially math is almost beyond college level. Attention to the tiniest details is her specialty. Only the other day she assembled a five-hundred-piece jigsaw puzzle in less than two hours. As hard as Hans tries, he can no longer beat her in scrabble or chess unless she switches into simple-mode. In spite of it all, Hans continues to be greatly puzzled by the increasing presence of human characteristics and even some form of spirituality which started way back in March.  More and more she is displaying feelings and emotions like real love, empathy, compassion, in addition to anger, sadness, and pleasure.  Even though she is still very childlike and talks like a five year old, she always begs for hugs and kisses and likes to flirt and cuddle.  Hans has decided to stop worrying about it for the present.  Luana is a fabulous success and that’s all he cares about right now.”
Later in the evening Hans is in for a real shocker.  While relaxing with a newspaper in his favorite leather recliner, Luana, who usually runs around half naked, comes walking in dressed in her favorite red bikini and a big smile on her face. 
“Hans,” she cries delightedly. “Luana got message from Nicolette.”
Hans, never having told Luana about his meeting with Godesha, tenses up.  “Please Luana, don’t tell me that my statue is talking to you now.”
“No, not statue,” Luana squeals excitedly grabbing Hans’s hand.  “Luana got a message from REAL Nicolette, daughter of Godesha, Goddess of universe.”
Ignoring the shocked look on Hans’s face, Luana playfully pushes her long hair in his face and continues.  “Real Nicolette says she loves you and will see you in a few weeks.” 
Not waiting for a response, Luana climbs on top of him and wraps her hair around his neck.  “Nicolette says Luana has twin sister in Heaven—Twin sister also created by Hans—Luana of Heaven born same time as Luana on Earth—Luana of Heaven and Luana of Earth are twins—Luana of Heaven can talk through Luana of Earth.”
Hans is astonished.  Leaning back in his chair he asks, “Are you saying that this second Luana can talk through you?”
“Yes.” Luana says putting her arms around his neck. “Second Luana wants to talk to Hans right now.” 
Instantly Luana’s childlike voice changes to that of an adult.  
“Hans, I am Luana’s sister. I’m talking to you from Heaven.”
Slightly agitated, Hans replies, “Listen, one Luana is all I can take. Would you mind changing your name to something else please?”
 “No problem. How about Luella?”
“That’s fine. Now tell me who you really are.” 
“I am Luana’s twin sister. While you were building Luana on Earth your subconscious automatically created me in Heaven.  With other words you made both of us.  I am very real because I am a part of your spirit.  I am able to channel through Luana because you equipped her with a quantum brain.”
Dumbfounded, Hans is stunned. Shaking his head in disbelieve he mumbles, “Probably an open circuit in her brain. I’ll check it in the morning.”
“Don’t you touch Luana’s brain,” Luella snaps. “She’s fine.  Thanks to her quantum brain, part of your spirit was able to enter her too. With other words, she is a cyborg. If her robotic body dies, her spirit will move on to Heaven.”
Wondering if he is going crazy, Hans finally utters, “Are you some kind of a spirit-guide to Luana?”
“Yes, but I’m also her twin sister, because we were created at the same time.” 
“Okay, I get it,” Hans snaps. “But how can I possibly have created you if I have no knowledge of you?”
“Like I said. It was automatically done by your subconscious. Thoughts instantly materialize on this side. I am a product of your good thoughts, that’s why I ended up in Heaven.  I’ll tell you all about it later when we meet.  Right now, Nicolette wants you to know that she will see you in a couple of weeks.  Soon after that, she’ll bring you over here for a visit.  I’ll see you then.  Goodbye, I am turning control back over to Luana.”
Suddenly, Luana is back again with her little girl’s voice. Sitting on Hans’s lap with her arms wrapped around his neck, she puckers her lips and pouts, “Luana needs affection.”
Dumbfounded, Hans quietly plays with her hair, gently twirling it around his hand and wrist. 
Luana becomes slightly assertive. She firmly kisses him on the lips and says, “Luana lonely. Luana needs affection now.” 
“Okay,” Hans sighs while smiling. He has finally gotten rid of his guilt feelings about being intimate with Luana. Quietly he thinks, Okay, she talks like a five year old but, for crying out loud, she has the body of a mature woman and she has been getting very flirty and seductive lately. 
Wrapping his arms tightly around Luana he whispers in her ear. “It’s nine pm, sweet-peas. Let’s go to bed. I know a nice game. You are the space station and I am going to execute a docking maneuver.”
“Oh, nice,” Luana giggles excitedly while kissing Hans again. “Luana loves docking.”
Holding hands, they go upstairs.
By 10pm both are sound asleep in bed. Suddenly the phone rings. Before Hans is awake enough to answer, the message taker kicks in and a woman is crying inconsolably.  “Hans, Hans, It’s me, Tina!  Please, pick up the phone! I need to talk to you!  Please, please, I’m in trouble!”
“Oh my gosh,” Hans mumbles barely  alert, “Tina, the girl who helped me with Luana’s voice and body.” 
Instantly wide awake, he grabs the phone and shouts, “Tina! What’s wrong?  What are you crying about?”
“Harvey ran off and took all my money,” she yells sobbing hysterically.  “My apartment is padlocked.”
Shocked, Hans yells, “Tina, baby, calm down.  What are you talking about?”
Crying she continues.  “Yesterday morning I found a note on my dining-room table saying that he had left.  In the afternoon I received a letter from the landlord saying that the rent has not been paid for the last three months.  When I ran to the bank to get the money, my checking account had been cleared out.  I just got home and my apartment is padlocked.”
Hans can’t believe his ears.  “So where are you staying tonight?”
“I don’t know,” she cries.  “Everything is so sudden.  I’m going nuts.”
“Try to stay calm, dear.  Where are you right now?”
“In front of the Fine Arts Building,” Tina sobs.
“Stay right there.  I’ll be with you as soon as I can.”  Hans hangs up and rushes into his clothes while cussing, “That no good son-of-a-bitch, Harvey. I never liked that bastard.”
Luana lifts her head off the pillow.  “Tina in trouble?” she gasps.  “Luana must go with Hans and help Tina.”
“No, Luana.  I want you to stay here.  I need your help.”
“Luana do anything for Hans,” she says, looking determined. 
Hans talks real fast now.  “When I return Tina may be with me.  If that is the case, pay attention to everything she says and does.  If you notice anything inconsistent or suspicious, let me know as soon as you and I are alone.  Please, get dressed. Not that skimpy bathing suit for crying out loud.  Put on something decent and make the coffee.”
Hans races out of the house into the mild rainy weather of the cool night and gets to the campus in less than twenty minutes.  As he gets close to the Fine Arts Building he spots a woman with long, straight, light-blonde hair, dressed in worn blue jeans and a long-sleeved blouse.  Hans pulls up in front of her and jumps out of his car.  Wasting no time, Tina, wet without a raincoat, rushes into his outstretched arms.  Crying like an abandoned poor soul she sobs.  “Hans, I’m so embarrassed.  I know I shouldn’t have called you but there is no one else at this moment I can trust.  I don’t know what to do.  I’m in the middle of finals.  All my stuff is in my apartment.”
“Calm down, sweetheart.” Hans says while clamping her damp body tightly to his chest. Whispering in her ear, “I’ll handle it.  Where is your apartment?”
“It’s a block away,” she sobs.  “The landlord put a padlock on it.’’
“Let’s go,” Hans replies. “If I can unlock it, take whatever you need.”
Five minutes later they enter a high-rise in a deserted neighborhood.  Taking the elevator to the second floor, Tina leads him straight to her apartment.
Hans takes one look at the huge padlock and smiles.  “Very impressive Tina, but it’s old school and easy to pick.”  Hans gets a tiny set of tools out of his back pocket and within thirty seconds the door is open.
Tina is thrilled.  Throwing her arms around his neck she kisses him on the cheek sniffling, “Thank you Hans.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.”
Hans hugs and kisses her on the forehead.  “Get whatever you need for the next few days.”
Within ten minutes Tina comes out with a bag full of clothes and books.  Hans relocks the door whispering, “I’ll deal with the landlord in the morning.  You can spend the night at my place.  Don’t panic, you’ll be safe.  You have the spare bedroom.”  After getting Tina in the car, Hans gets behind the wheel and off they go.
“Thank you so much,” Tina says tearfully.  “I was hoping and praying you would be home.  I’m so angry and hurt right now, I could kill the bastard.  He couldn’t have picked a worse time.  I’m in the middle of finals.  I suspected for a long time that he was cheating on me but he always denied it.  Then, this Wednesday, I got a hold of his cellphone and found out for sure.  We had a big fight and he ran out.  A couple of hours later he briefly returned, never said a word, grabbed his stuff and left again.  Yesterday morning I found that note on my dining-room table.”
“What was in it?” Hans asks while driving.
Burying her face in her hands, she sobs. “Sorry to leave you on such short notice.  I’m leaving town and moving in with the love of my life who’s carrying my baby.”
“Nice guy,” Hans sneers.  “Then what happened?”
“Later on I received an eviction notice in the mail for not having paid rent for the last three months.  I tried to withdraw the money from my checking account but the bastard had it cleaned out.”
“How is that possible?  Joint bank account?”
“NO!” Tina cried out.  “He stole one of my blank checks and forged my name on it.” 
“I’ll get that asshole,” Hans snarls.  “I know the chief of police.  Harvey’s ass is going to jail.  He’ll be talking to the love of his life during visiting hours, with a phone in his hand.  What made you ever fall in love with that creep?”
“Stupidity, Hans, plain stupidity,” she moans, “not to mention his freaking nine inch dick. He constantly criticized me except when he wanted sex.  Then he would tell me anything I wanted to hear.  That’s why, except for you, I hate men! They are damn liars! I’ll take a gay guy anytime!”
As soon as Hans enters his driveway, he runs around and opens her door.  “Come on let’s go inside.  There is a highly unusual lady in there that I want you to meet. She is able to speak thanks to your voice recordings.”
Forcing a smile, Tina mumbles timidly, “You’re the boss.”  Quietly she follows him into the living-room where Luana is waiting with coffee. 
“Tina, I want you to meet Luana,” Hans says putting a warm sweater around Tina’s shoulders.  “Luana is a very special person, brilliant in math and abstract theoretical thinking.”
Tina flashes a cautious smile.  “Nice to meet you, Luana.”
Luana, having put on a nice long dress with fluffy slippers responds full of enthusiasm. “TINA—Luana has wanted to meet Tina for a long time—Luana can speak now because of Tina’s voice—Luana loves Tina.” 
Tina looks as if she is seeing a visitor from outer space.  Up close anyone can see that there are some unusual robotic features about Luana like for instance the synthetic looking skin, her slightly mechanical movements, and her childlike speech habits.
Tina Quickly regains her composure.  “Thanks for those nice compliments, Luana. I love to find out how my recordings gave you your voice.”
Hans interrupts.  “We will talk about that as soon as Luana pours us some coffee.”
“Absolutely,” Tina says reaching into her purse, “Do you mind if I step out for a moment, Hans? I’ve been under so much pressure, I really need a smoke.”
Hans laughingly pulls out his own cigarettes.  “Here take one of mine. We’ll smoke together at the table.”
Tina gratefully sighs, “Thanks for making me feel at home.”
They both light up while Luana pours the coffee.
Slowly exhaling Tina looks at Luana.  Cautiously she asks, “Luana, don’t you smoke?”
“No, Luana does not smoke. Luana doesn’t mind secondhand smoke, so enjoy.”
Greatly relieved, Tina leans back in her chair and asks the question she is most curious about.  “Luana,” she starts cautiously, “how did my recordings help you get your voice?  Were you involved in some accident like a fire may be?  Please, don’t take offense.  You are gorgeous, but there seems to be something unusual about your face and skin.”
After returning the coffeepot back to the kitchen counter, Luana sits down at the table and says, “No accident.  Hans created Luana. Luana is a robot.”
Before Hans has a chance to explain, Tina almost swallows her cigarette and is now having a terrible choking attack.  Slowly recovering, she stares at Luana with eyes like saucers.  Finally she gasps. “Please, Luana, don’t do this to me.  You have no idea what I’ve been through.”
As Luana quietly sits in her seat looking guilty, Hans takes over.  “Tina, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.  Luana is partly right.  She is actually a human spirit who is living in a robotic body, like a cyborg. I created her physical body. That’s why I had you posing in the nude. I wanted Luana to be as real as possible.  Believe me, she is harmless and she loves you.”
Watching Luana, Tina gasps, “That’s impossible—Please, tell me that you are kidding me.”
Nervously Tina looks back at Hans and repeats her question.  “You are kidding aren’t you? She acts so human. If she is a robot, can you prove it?” 
“No problem,” Hans says. “Go ahead Luana, take off that dress. We’ll show her what you look like.”
After Luana takes off her dress, Hans carefully unzips the upper portion of her synthetic bodysuit that serves as her skin. The mechanical joints, synthetic muscles and tendons of her neck, torso, arms, elbows, and hands are fully visible now.
Tina is stunned into silence.
Now Luana takes over. Calmly spreading the flexible muscles in her chest and belly Luana exposes a highly complex system of wiring, circuit boards, and strange apparatuses. Missing are the traditional heart, lungs, stomach or anything else characteristic of humans.
Smiling at Tina, Luana does a number of difficult Yoga positions while saying, “Everything in Luana’s body is totally flexible.” 
Finally Tina recovers her speech. “Holy shit Hans, you are a genius. I have seen robots before, but nothing like this one.  She is radically different.”
Luana is quick to reply.  “Luana has quantum Brain. Luana very smart.”
“She’s right,” Hans says.  “Quantum Computers can do things that are impossible with regular computers. Her eyes record images as 3D holograms. Those images are simultaneously recorded everywhere on her brain and in the energy field outside of her brain. It’s similar to the cloud of the internet. The ability to store and retrieve images outside of her brain gives Luana an almost unlimited capacity for learning. She can reason like a human being.”
“Holy crap,” Tina mumbles.  “If this was a few centuries ago, they would burn you for being in league with the devil.  If Luana closes her eyes, can she visualize in three dimensions?”
“She sure can,” Hans says.  “And she doesn’t even have to close her eyes, but, enough of this.  We can discuss it all tomorrow.”  
“Not so fast,” Tina gasps. “I won’t be able to sleep unless I get to know her a little better.”
For the next hour, Tina and Luana discuss all types of subjects. Tina focuses especially on abstract areas where feeling, sensitivity and spiritual insight is required. Finally she looks at Hans and says. “I am stunned. Luana is much more than a robot. She is a human being in a robotic body. I want to spend a lot more time with her in the days to come, but right now it’s getting late. I need to get some sleep.” 
Never having been in a situation where he has a woman in his house who is totally dependent on him and trusts him totally, Hans nervously stands up and mumbles, “I’ll take you upstairs to your bedroom—Do you need to be awakened at any special time?”
“I can wake myself,” Tina says calmly, “but I would appreciate a ride to school if you don’t mind.”
“No problem,” Hans says. “When is your first class?”
“Eight a.m.”
“Alright. How about getting up at six? We’ll have breakfast here, and oh, before I forget, make sure I get your landlord’s phone number—When do you want me to pick you up?”
“I’ll be done at four.”
After Tina says goodnight to Luana, she follows Hans to the second floor.
“You mind if I take a shower?” Tina asks. 
“Of course not,” Hans says laughingly. “Towels are in the closet.”  Hans points at a door opposite of her bedroom. “If you need me during the night, just holler.  My bedroom is next to yours.”
Embracing her once more he goes downstairs.
“Well, Luana,” Hans whispers, “What do you think?”
Luana flashes a big happy smile.  “Tina’s security check has been successfully completed.  Does Hans remember conversation with Godesha?”
Hans thinks a moment.  “Are you talking about the Mother God?”
“Yes—Godesha promised Hans nice girl.  Nice girl will help Hans heal—Tina is girl Godesha talked about.”
Hans just about faints.  Silently putting a cigarette in his mouth he lights up.  After several puffs, he stammers.  “Luana, are you sure?  This is unbelievable.  That means, I can let my guard down.  Tina needs my help, and I need her help.  That’s fantastic.”
Luana stretches to her full six foot length and says,  “Luana needs Tina too.  Luana must learn to cook and be a lady.  Luana wants to learn to talk like grown-ups.”
Suddenly Hans looks real sad.  Looking at Luana with guilt in his eyes he whispers.  “What if Tina wants to get intimate?  What am I going to do?”
Putting her arms around his neck Luana kisses him gently on the cheek. “Then do it Hans.  That’s the whole idea.  Tina must teach Hans how to make love with real woman.  Luana not jealous. Luana loves to share.  Just don’t abandon Luana.”
Hans throws his arms around Luana and kisses her on the lips. “Sweetheart, I will never abandon you.  You have a part of my spirit. That makes us one.”
Being happy with that answer, Luana says, “We must take care of each other and Tina.”  Holding hands, they both go upstairs and fall asleep as soon as they hit the bed.

After a brief period of time, Luana suddenly wakes up.  She has heard something that isn’t normal. Her atomic time sensor tells her it’s two a.m. and Tina should probably be asleep by now.  Focusing her supersensitive hearing, she detects soft crying coming from Tina’s bedroom. 
Carefully making sure not to wake Hans, Luana slides out of bed and tip-toes over to Tina’s room.  She carefully listens at the door and determines that Tina is indeed crying.
Softly she knocks.  “Tina,” she whispers.  “This is Luana—Please—Luana must talk to Tina.”  Not waiting for an answer, she walks in.
Tina quickly wipes her tears.  “Please Luana, there is nothing anybody can do for me.  It’s something I have to work out on my own.”
“That’s true,” Luana says softly, “but Luana Tina’s friend and Luana is sharing hurt with Tina.” 
Warmly embracing Tina who is now hysterically sobbing, Luana tries to comfort her.  Softly she whispers.  “Tina—it’s alright—it’s alright.  Luana loves you.  Luana may not understand the many ways people hurt each other, but Luana clearly understands love and rejection.  Tina needs lots and lots of love and Hans and Luana both love Tina.”
“No, you don’t understand,” Tina cries.  “You have never been used, abused, deceived, robbed, and dumped by someone who claimed to love you.”
Gently grabbing Tina’s hand Luana says, “Tina is right.  Luana very fortunate, but Tina is lucky too.  Harvey no good creep. Tina got rid of him. Hans and Luana Tina’s friends and will help Tina.”
Tina is now crying inconsolably.  “Thanks for trying, Luana, but life is not that easy.  You have Hans, but I have no one.  I’ve been dumped like a worthless piece of trash.”
“No Tina, not true, not true,” Luana says soothingly.  “Tina also has Hans. Luana not jealous.  Come. Luana wants Tina to sleep with Hans tonight. Hans loves Tina.”
Right at that time, Hans, worried about what’s going on, comes walking out of his bedroom. Rubbing sleep out of his eyes he takes one look at Tina.  Instantly he’s moved with compassion. 
Highly embarrassed, Tina moans, “Hans, please, Luana means well but she is doing crazy talk.”
Luana quickly responds.  “Hans—Tina is grieving.  Hans must take care of Tina. Hans must hold Tina in arms tonight.  Luana going in attic—very low on energy.  Batteries must be recharged.”
Looking at Tina, Hans says soothingly. “Don’t worry about Luana.  She really does mean well.  As a matter of fact, I think she is right.  Just lay next to me.  It’s not like we are meeting for the first time.  I have always treated you with respect and I always will.  The worst that can happen is me holding you in my arms a little bit before dozing off.  I promise, that’s all.”
As Luana goes to her charging station in the attic, Tina reluctantly follows Hans into his bedroom.  Hesitatingly she joins him in bed turning her back to him as he puts his arms around her. 
After about ten minutes Tina gets uncomfortable.  “Hans,” she whispers, “this isn’t going to work.  That thing of yours is poking me in the rear.  Please turn the lights on, we need to talk.”
Hans starts to apologize, but Tina quickly interrupts him.  “Stop,” she says.  “I don’t mind—If you need sex just say so.  After the wonderful way you have treated me, I would be a monster to say no.  Besides, after what I’ve been through, a little genuine affection would be more than welcome.”
Hans is speechless.  He can’t believe his ears.  The pleasant rose scented smell of her straight, gorgeous, long blonde hair, reminds him that she just took a shower.  Forcing himself to remain a gentleman, he wipes the sweat of his forehead and nervously mumbles—“I’d love to Tina, but I am so embarrassed—I have never done this before.  All I know is what I learned from porn magazines and triple-X videos—I have never been in bed with a real woman.”  Looking apologetically at Tina, he stammers, “I feel like a pervert.  I know it isn’t right but all I know is lust—I feel like a lion looking at a lamb.”
“That’s good enough for starters, Hans,”  Tina says encouragingly.  “You can pounce on this lamb after we’re done talking.  What the heck do you mean by never having been in bed with a real woman before?  You are twenty-eight years old for god’s sake.”
Hesitantly Hans starts to tell her about his screwed-up past, the Cult’s brainwashing, and the requirement for celibacy and how it produced his lack of experience with women.
After about ten minutes, Tina gently says, “Stop—It’s alright—I always knew there was something strange going on with you.  I suspected it the very first time you employed me for that weird speech program, but when you hired me to pose in the nude without making a pass at me, I thought for sure you were gay.”
“Please, Tina,”  Hans mumbles.  I have nothing against gays, but gay I’m definitely not.”
“I believe you,” Tina says gently taking his hands. Even if you were, I wouldn’t care.  My best male friend is gay.  As a matter of fact, the only reason I trusted you enough to call you this evening was because I thought you were gay.  That’s why I didn’t mind going to bed with you right now, but as soon as that flashlight started poking me in the rear, I knew I was wrong. Please, don’t feel bad.  Now that I’m here and have met Luana, I’m happy to know you are straight.”
“Please Tina, I’m also honest.  I would never lay a finger on you just to satisfy myself.  If that’s what I wanted, I would have tried it when you were posing for me in the nude.”
“I know that Hans.  You have the sensitivity of a gay man but probably the passion of a wild animal.  You are ashamed of it because you have been brainwashed into believing that it is evil and must be given up, right?”
“Yes.  You are so right,” Hans says with bowed head.  “When I read about Solomon and his unlimited number of women, I went nuts.”
“Of course you did,” Tina says while kissing him gently on the cheek.  “Unlimited sex for King Solomon and nothing for poor Hans just isn’t fair.  Don’t worry, Tina will take good care of you.  We just need to cover one more subject before we start.  I believe that the only woman you ever had sex with is Luana—Right?”
Hans panics.  “Please, Tina, don’t go there.”  Highly embarrassed he turns red as a beat. “Why ask such a personal question?”
“Because you have to get rid of your guilt feelings, Hans—Trust me, there is nothing wrong with having sex with Luana, as long as it is not based on fear of real women—I love both you and Luana—You are a good man, Hans—I am sure you created Luana primarily for scientific reasons but I suspect that she is also your perfect solution for never having to face a real woman intimately.  If that’s true, we can solve that problem right now.” 
Hans is speechless.  Desperately trying to keep his emotions under control he whispers.  “Tina, I’m so embarrassed—As a scientist I can do anything—but when it comes to intimacy I feel helpless and scared—It’s my deepest secret—I feel like a freak of nature—All I know is theory—I desperately want to become normal, but I don’t know how to start.”
“You have already started, Hans.  You told me your problem.  Now it’s time for action.”
“Great.” Hans whispers while wiping away his tears.
“I hope you understand that becoming normal is not going to happen in one session,” Tina says authoritatively.  “What you need is a good therapist and a live-in girlfriend for at least several weeks or months.”
“But that’s impossible!”  Hans gasps in desperation. “I would rather die than have a woman find out about my disability.”
Wrapping her arms around his neck, Tina whispers seductively.  “It’s too late for that, Hans.  I am a woman and you just told me about your problem, but not to worry. I will be your therapist and your girlfriend if it’s okay with you.”
Recognizing that he is in the presence of the woman Godesha promised him, Hans gasps, “If you help me, I will owe you an eternal debt of gratitude.”
“Good,” Tina says, “Just understand—I am not a licensed therapist, and I am only twenty years old, but don’t let that fool you. I am very qualified.”
“I don’t give a rat’s ass about your license,” Hans says, “I need hands-on experience and I want to learn everything about women that you can possibly teach me.”
“And that I will,” Tina says, “Now, shut up and kiss me!”
Nervously embracing Tina, Hans gently plants a kiss on her cheek.
“NO!—Not like that,” Tina snaps while pushing him away. “I’m not your mother.  Kiss me on the lips like you really mean it.  I want to liberate that wild animal that has been hiding within you for all these years.”  Quickly pulling off her pajamas, she throws him backwards in bed and jumps naked on top of him. 
After giving Hans a passionate French kissing, the kind he has never experienced before, Tina pulls back. “That’s what I’m talking about.  Get the idea?”
Hans, overcome with desire, is totally speechless and breathing heavy.
“Good!” Tina smiles. “I assume that means YES.” Before Hans knows it, she has his briefs pulled down to his ankles.
“Ouch,” Tina yells.  “That’s one hell of a flashlight you got there. It almost knocked my eye out. I can clearly see it will be fun training you. Hand me my purse.”
Reaching sideways, Hans grabs Tina’s purse from the nightstand. Tina pulls out two rubbers.  “One for now and one for later,” she says while quickly installing it. “It’s a good thing we aren’t laying on a waterbed or we’d be soaked by now.”
As Hans tries to stand up, Tina grabs his hand and pulls him on top of her.  “Go for it. I’m all yours.”
After thirty minutes of wildly doing everything he always fantasized about, Hans finally reaches an explosive climax and gets rid of his virginity. Exhausted and gasping for air he rolls over on his back.
Contentedly smiling, Tina says, “You did very well.  We will continue to do it real hard and heavy for a couple of days until the beast within you starts to calm down.  After that we’ll start working on sensitivity, gentleness, and a little romance.  The women will be lining up outside your front door.  That’s when the word gets around how good you are.”
Feeling that he has died and gone to Heaven, Hans gasps, “Tina, how can I ever thank you.  You have saved my life.  You are not leaving this house anytime soon. I will keep you in this bedroom under lock and key.”
“Don’t mention it,” Tina says.  “You just made me feel like a woman again.  Now hold me nicely before you fall asleep.  I am cutting class tomorrow.”
Early next day at 6:30 am, Hans is busy frying bacon, eggs, and hashed browns while Luana is slicing onions, buttering toast, and setting up the dining room table.
It doesn’t take long for Tina to yell down from the top of the stairs. “Hey, what’s going on? It smells awfully good down there.”
“We are making breakfast, come-on down,” Hans yells. 
“You guys need any help?”
“No.  Luana and I have all the bases covered.”
While Hans is finishing up in the kitchen, Tina walks into the dining room and is greeted by Luana who hands her a mug of steaming hot coffee.
“Luana wants to sit with Tina,” she says pointing at two chairs.
As Tina sits down, Hans gives her a quick kiss on the forehead, places a plate of food in front of her and sits down saying, “All right guys let’s eat.” 
Seeing Luana just sitting there empty handed, Tina wonders, “Aren’t you having anything?”
“No, Luana robot—can’t handle human food.”
“That’s terrible,” Tina cries. “You can’t just watch us eat while you get nothing?”
Luana grins. “Luana only needs nice company.”
Winking at Tina Hans turns to Luana. “What do you think about Tina moving in with us?”
“YES!” Luana shouts getting out of her chair and dancing up and down. “YES! Tina must move in.”
Smiling at Tina, Hans says, “This is your home as long as you want.” 
With Luana loudly cheering, Tina thoughtfully says, “All right, a few weeks or months maybe, as long as everybody is happy.”
Luana puts her arms around Tina and speaks with great emphasis. “Luana needs Tina too. Luana wants to learn how to be lady and make Hans happy.”
“I’ll make you the best, Luana.” Tina says while taking a sip of coffee and dipping toast into her egg-yolk.
Suddenly Tina gets more serious. “Hans,” she mumbles with a quivering voice.  “I only told you part of my story last night. There is a shitload of baggage I’m dealing with. I hate to hit you up with all of that but I got to be honest.”
“Wow, that sounds pretty serious Tina. Go ahead, spill it.” 
“My car is in the body shop. I won’t have it for a couple of weeks.”
“What happened? Did you have an accident?”
“No—Five days ago Harvey took it for a joy-ride without my permission and wracked it—He said he hydroplaned even though it wasn’t even raining and the roads were dry—According to police and witnesses, he spun out of control in a left hand turn while speeding. He tore through two private yards, seriously damaged a wooden fence,  a toolshed and a garage-door.”
“Oh my God, was he hurt?”
“No, dammit! Who gives a rat’s ass!” Tina snaps, wiping her moist eyes with a napkin. 
“Go ahead, tell me everything.” Hans says, his mouth full of hash browns.
“The bastard didn’t have a scratch on him, but my car is badly damaged, not to mention the private residences.” Tina stares down at her plate, fighting back her tears. 
Taking Tina’s hand, Hans says with a calming voice, “What did Harvey say?”
“He said it wasn’t his fault—blamed it on the weather—He begged me not to tell my parents.  Of course I called them right away which caused him to go ballistic—We had a terrible fight, and I cussed him out of the door.” 
Abruptly moving away from the table, Tina stands up and walks into the kitchen and blankly stares through the window, her tears dropping into the sink.
Following Tina Hans asks, “How did he get your key?”
“I don’t know! He must have taken mine and made a copy of it—The car was in the parking lot—He took it while I was in class.” She wipes away more tears. 
Hans gently embraces her. “It seems like that prick was trying to steal your car for a clean get away, Tina, but it didn’t work. To cover his ass he told you that innocent joy-ride story. Check with the bank, Tina, I wouldn’t be surprised if your checking account was closed out before the accident. You better contact your parents as soon as possible. We will visit the police and have them issue a warrant for Harvey’s arrest. That guy is up to his neck into a shitload of trouble. He is going to jail.”
“My parents only know about the car, Tina sobs. They don’t know that he’s been cheating on me for God only knows how long, cleaned out my bank account, and got me kicked out of my apartment.”
“Looks like we’re going to be busy today, Tina.” 
Dropping her head on Hans’s shoulder she cries uncontrollably.
Hans gently strokes her long blonde hair. “Calm down baby, we’ll talk to the police and get a warrant for his arrest, you call your parents, and I’ll deal with the landlord.”
“My parents will kill me,” Tina sobs. “I feel like an idiot. They never trusted Harvey.”
Cupping her face in his hands, Hans kisses her on the lips. “Nonsense, we’ll do this together. Now sit down and finish your breakfast.”
Back in the dining room Tina quietly sits down and pushes her plate away. “I’m sorry Hans, I can’t eat.”
Luana, who has been quiet up to now, speaks up with an angry voice. “Luana will help Tina. Luana good with internet searches, cellphone records, and social media. Luana can trace Harvey wherever he is.” 
Hans speaks up firmly. “No Luana, you stay out of this.”
Luana jumps to her feet. “NO! “Luana must help Tina! Luana knows internet, can screw up Harvey’s computer. Luana good at hacking, spyware, viruses, worms, phishing, and much more. Harvey bad, must be punished!”
“Stop Luana, that’s enough,” Hans snaps. “We will let the police and the lawyers do their job. We’ll only unleash you as the final weapon.”
Luana leans back in her chair grunting. “Okay, okay, Hans wins.” Suddenly she gets excited, jumps up and grabs Tina’s hand. “Luana flash of insight! Luana has answer why things are happening! It’s Godesha’s plan!”
Flabbergasted, Hans and Tina look at Luana. “What in blazes are you talking about, Luana?” Hans gasps.
“Luana talking about Mother-God—Godesha is guiding Tina. Hans must tell Tina everything! Bad accident, Hans almost died, Near-Death-Experience, met Mother-God of Universe.” 
Spinning sideways in her chair Tina looks at Hans with panic in her eyes. “WHAT? You almost died? When? What happened?”
Nervously running his hand through his hair, Hans leans forward and puts his arms on the table. “Alright Tina,” he says calmly—“I think Luana might have a point.” Frowning, he takes a large sip of coffee.  After a brief pause he continuous. “Why didn’t I ever think about that? That accident might explain what’s happening right now.”
While Tina stares at Hans with questioning eyes, Luana walks to the kitchen and starts cleaning some of the dishes.” 
Hans sighs and takes another sip. “Three weeks ago I had a terrible car accident.  It was Thursday, April 9 shortly after 9pm. Something miraculous happened. I’ll never forget it.”
Hans proceeds to tell Tina everything, the rainstorm, how he skidded off the road, rolled over, slammed into a tree and found himself outside of his body and how he watched his bloodied body being pulled out of his car by strangers. Hans continues to tell Tina everything from the lower regions of Heaven, Alon, and how he met Godesha, the Goddess of the Universe. 
“Unbelievable,” Tina gasps. “You mean there is a Goddess and you met her? I love it!” she shouts.  “I am a women’s-libber. It just blows my mind. What did she say?” Tina leans over determined not to miss a word.
Hans proceeds to relate every detail, especially the part where Godesha promised to send him Tina to teach him everything he’s been shielded from. 
Seeing the worried look on Tina’s face, Hans quickly assures her, “Don’t panic.  Godesha told me very specifically not to interfere with your future and I won’t. Your first priority is to follow your dreams.”
Tina lets out a big sigh of relief, “But how do I know that Godesha is going to take care of my problems?”
“Don’t worry, Tina. We will do whatever we can. Godesha will guide us,” Running his hand through Tina’s hair Hans speaks firmly. “NOW, are you going to eat your breakfast or do I have to force-feed you?”
Smilingly she puts her head on his chest and her arms around him, “Okay daddy, I’ll be good.”
When Tina finishes her plate, Luana brings them both a fresh mug of coffee. 
“Alright, Tina, is there anything else I need to know before we see the police?” Hans asks.
“Yes. Josh, my gay friend, told me way back in January that Harvey was cheating on me. It was a couple of days after I helped you develop Luana’s emotions.  I am so sorry that I didn’t believe Josh. I feel like such an idiot.”
“Nonsense, you are fine,” Hans says lovingly. “Harvey is a sociopathic liar, He is the type that will pee on your back and make you think it’s raining. You should have come without him that day.”
Tina gets slightly agitated. “Yes, I should have. Did you ever wonder why I was by myself two weeks later when I posed naked for you?”
“No, I never gave it much thought,” Hans mumbles, scratching his head. “I thought it was because you trusted me.”
“Of course I trusted you. I never would have come without Harvey if he and I had been on good terms, but we haven’t  been for quite some time. The day before that modeling session, Harvey and I had a huge fight. I was so angry I was determined to come by myself hoping to get laid, but dammit, you never made a move. No wonder I thought you were gay.”
“Tina, what was I supposed to do?” Hans moans, “After you told me that you trusted me, I had to be a gentleman. You should have said something. I would have gladly taken care of you.” 
“You jerk,” Tina smirks. “If I had known you better I would have made the first move.”
Smilingly Hans wraps Tina in his arms and plants a firm kiss on her lips. “We’ll make up for lost time, I promise. Now tell me about Josh. What’s that all about?”
“Don’t worry about him,” Tina smiles. “He is in my acting class—He is in a romantic relationship with another guy. He calls me his little sister.” 
“Ah, good. So I don’t have to worry about you two sleeping together, right?”
“Not a chance,” Tina smirks. “He had me over for drinks once—When I had a few too many he insisted I stay the night. He put me in his bed, tucked me in, kissed me on the forehead, and then he slept on the sofa.”
“Wow, Tina, very impressive but also a little confusing. If you know him that well, why didn’t you call him instead of me?”
Tina blushes, “He is on vacation in Hawaii with his boyfriend, and even if he had been on campus, the last thing I need to hear is, ‘I told you so.’”
“I can understand that,” Hans says. “I’m sure Josh is a hell of a nice guy. I like to meet him some day. Anyway, I am glad you called me.” Straightening up in his chair he continuous. “Let’s briefly discuss our relationship in a little more detail before we move on.”
Putting her arms around his neck, Tina says, “We’ve talked enough, Hans, at least for now. We’ll be fine together. I look forward to teaching you everything about women including the things where most men are clueless. I’ve been around the block a few times, so sex is not a big deal to me. If I can make you happy, I’ll be more than thrilled.”
Putting his arms around Tina, Hans lovingly nibbles her ear. “I love you just the way you are. Hopefully I can bring some happiness back into your life.”
“You already have, Hans.” Sounding apologetic she continuous. “Please remember, I am not ready for anything permanent yet, so don’t get me pregnant and spare me the wedding bells. Right now we just will help each other.” Speaking firmly, “Oh, and very important. As long as we are together we must be exclusive. There will be no others except for Luana, agreed?” 
Hans nods. “Of course Tina, that goes without saying.”
Sighing with relief, she puts her head on his shoulder. “Thank you, Hans. You have no idea how much I need to feel like a good person again.” 
“You’ll be my one and only,” Hans says wrapping his arms around her while firmly kissing her on the lips. We will love each other without letting it interfere with your education and future plans.” 
Suddenly Luana chimes in. “Can Luana watch when Tina and Hans are making love? Luana wants to learn how to make love the right way.”
“No, Luana,” Tina laughs. “No peekaboo while Hans and I are in the bedroom. I will teach you in private.” 
Hans gets serious now. “All right that’s enough talk. Time to visit the police department. We have a lot of work to do.”
During the weeks following, Tina moves in and starts teaching Hans how to be a real man. At the same time she teaches Luana how to be a real lady. Luana, in return, helps Tina with her acting assignments by playing the other characters as Tina practices her own parts. 




CHAPTER 5.  MEETING NICOLETTE

It is Sunday, June the seventh, 2009, and a full moon.  It’s been a great day.  Having gotten tired watching bad news for the last two hours, Hans shuts off the TV.  At nine pm Luana, sitting next to him, is softly snoring with her head resting on his shoulder.  She went into sleeping mode an hour ago.  After waking her up with a gentle hug, she kisses him on the cheek and leaves for the attic to get her batteries recharged. Hans is now alone and lets his mind drift back to his meeting with the Mother-God which was a little over eight weeks ago.
It’s been about five weeks since Tina moved in. She has turned out to be a real blessing. In addition to fulfilling his wildest fantasies in the bedroom, she has started to give him a crash course in female psychology including their spiritual, mental, and emotional needs. In addition to discussing women’s issues she has insisted he read at least one romance novel per week. Thanks to Tina, his self-esteem has risen enormously. He is finally starting to understand women and their need for appreciation, respect, sensitivity and romance.
Godesha also promised to send him her daughter, Nicolette, but where is she? Hans agonizes about the fact that it hasn’t happened yet.  Patience has never been one of his virtues. Sighing with frustration he decides to sleep on the living room sofa until Tina returns from a visit to her parents. She should be back around eleven pm. 
Stretching out he gets comfortable and soon dozes off but not for long.
Suddenly he is jolted awake. There is an ominous feeling of terror within him. Something seems to be horribly wrong. Cautiously placing his feet on the floor he sits up.  “Damn,” he cusses, “the nightlight must have burned out.” Trying to look through the darkness for a spare bulb, he sees what seems like some shadows moving around but it’s too dark to know for sure.  As he tries to reach the main switch, he is suddenly jumped by a small, growling monster who instantly has a chokehold on his throat as tight as a noose during a hanging. Unable to breathe, Hans instinctively resorts to his martial arts training. He rips the creature off his chest, throws it on the floor, and propels it into the living room wall with a vicious front-snap kick. Alarmed by the sound of breaking glass, Hans turns on the light and notices the shattered remains of an expensive crystal vase and several wine glasses on the cabinet right below the point of impact. 
Rolling on the floor, wearing nothing but a skimpy loincloth is a dwarflike mutant with oversized claw-like hands and feet, It’s frantically kicking its bony legs and screaming with pain while clasping its big, injured head.
Any thoughts of compassion and first-aid are quickly dispelled as the little ogre jumps back on its feet. By the looks of the hate filled eyes, the razor sharp teeth, and the hysterical, high-pitched wailing, Hans surmises that the fight isn’t over yet. Quickly reaching for the aluminum baseball-bat next to the sofa, he notices five similar creatures closing in on him from several directions. Realizing he is the victim of a mass home invasion, he proceeds to inflict as much damage as he can. Unfortunately, the dwarfs are only hurt temporarily.  The little monsters quickly regenerate and continue to attack with increased viciousness.  
As Hans mercilessly wields his bat, his rate of inflicting injuries is starting to exceed the speed with which the dwarfs are recuperating. Soon, all six of them are racing to the front door for a quick exit.
Extremely angry by the damage done to his living room, Hans is not about to give up. Frantically racing after them he tries to dial 911. Unfortunately he can’t complete the call since more and more dwarfs are coming at him from all sides.  Cussing like a proctologist who just got hit in the face with a load of crap, he pockets his phone and proceeds wildly kicking and hitting but to no avail. The little monsters keep regenerating and increasing in numbers. 
Ignoring the insultive, high pitched laughter and insults that are coming now from all sides, Hans continuous to inflict massive casualties with his baseball-bat. Like a seasoned football player who is going for a touchdown, Hans zigzags, turns, jumps, and does sudden reverses while kicking and trampling midgets at the same time. Soon he realizes that the situation is hopeless. Their numbers keep growing while the injured ones keep recovering. 
Suddenly, a shocking thought hits him.  Luana!—Luana is still in the house and the front door was left open.  Hans frantically spins around in an effort to return, but a sudden change has taken place. His house is no longer there. 
Gone are the familiar surroundings and the monsters who were chasing him. Instead, he finds himself standing on the sidewalk of an unknown city.  Totally bewildered he looks around and wonders where he is. Except for a few puny scared looking men, he only sees women. Suddenly one of them screams out in terror. Soon many others scream also. A massive panic results. Cars are making U-turns and people are racing off in all directions. Within minutes Hans is the only one left.
When he sees one of the women coming in his direction sprinting across the street, he jumps in front of her and yells. “Where am I? What’s going on here?”
While dashing around him she yells, “The monsters are coming! Hide, hide!!”
What is she talking about? Hans wanders. Soon he hears distant noises of cussing, boisterous laughing, terrified screaming, and the sound of collapsing buildings.  It’s rapidly getting louder and closer.  Sensing imminent danger, Hans crawls under a wooden porch and hides behind several empty boxes.
What he sees next is beyond description.  Coming through the street is a gang of huge four armed monstrosities with clubs the size of telephone poles. They have massive swords, spiked metal balls on chains, and other weapons.  Accompanying them are hundreds of little dwarfs, the type he was fighting a little while ago. As the big ones are smashing everything to bits, the little ones are running into buildings and hiding places, ruthlessly dragging out the women who are screaming for mercy. Where are the men? Hans wonders.
Realizing that fighting is out of the question, he decides to stay under the porch as long as he can, using his baseball-bat as a last resort.
Unexpectedly eight of the dwarfs are suddenly under the porch. Before Hans has a chance to use his bat, he is being dragged into the middle of the street where dozens of dwarfs are piling on top of him. Just as he is about to get killed, the biggest brute runs over and yells, “Hans Seeker!!  Release him! He is mine!”  Instantly the dwarfs back off and Hans stands face to face with the ugliest giant he has ever seen, at least twenty feet tall,.
“Well, what a surprise,” the monster shrieks. “Hans Seeker in person! I am Crock the Conqueror and I will have the pleasure of killing you slowly and painfully, all by myself, starting right now.”  
Clamped in each of his four hands is a club with a chain and a spiked iron ball at the end. Crock, hysterically laughing, starts a rapid nunchaku routine with all four weapons.
As Hans is frantically trying to escape, he quickly realizes that it’s useless.  No matter what direction he takes, a  ball smashes in front of him throwing up tons of dirt. 
Just as he resigns himself to the inevitable, there is a blinding flash of lightning followed by a deafening thunderclap.  Crock, cursing from pain and terror, wobbles around, drops down on one knee, and starts to deflate like a balloon. Slowly he sinks to the ground until there is nothing left but skin and rags.
Hans is stunned. What happened? He looks up and witnesses a second deafening flash followed by a third one. Two more giants are screaming in agony as they hit the ground and deflate.
Realizing that the lightning is not coming from the sky, Hans frantically looks around. 
As panic is erupting among the big brutes. The little ones cautiously pause. Believing that their small size will keep them safe, they are not panicking yet, but that will soon change. As more and more giants are taken down by lightning, small flying fire balls are starting to emerge from the rear which are headed straight for the midgets. Short of contact they explode causing the little ones to be propelled up in the air before crashing to the ground and deflate.  Now there is mass hysteria. Everyone is trampling over each other in a frantic effort to escape. 
Hans can’t believe what he is seeing. In the distance is a radiant light in the shape of a giant woman with long flowing hair, dressed in a floor-length gown with sleeves that are narrow at the shoulders but extremely wide at the wrists. She is gracefully zigzagging from target to target firing lightning and fire balls in all directions. Soon she makes her way to Hans and stops. Her golden radiance is almost blinding.  
Terrified that he might get killed next, Hans falls to his knees with both hands on his face. 
After several seconds of nothing happening, he nervously looks up. The giant woman is still there. Her light slowly dims as she morphs down into a 5’10” young, slender, beautiful, lady with short, wavy, blonde hair, and blue eyes.
Totally dumbstruck, Hans gasps, “NICOLETTE.”
“That’s right,” she says while smiling. “I am Nicolette. You can stand up now.”
Totally confused, Hans struggles to his feet and stammers, “I can’t believe it. One more second and I would have been dead.”
Extending both arms she says, “No Hans, I had you covered. Come here, give me a hug.”
Greatly relieved he hugs her. “I’m so glad I finally get to meet you,” he stutters. “I thought you’d never come.”
“Surprise,” she giggles. “I’ve been watching you for the last two months.”
Hans steps away and studies her. “You look just like my statue. It’s amazing.”
“Good, I’m glad you like me,” Nicolette says. “I will always look like your statue until you learn how to see the soul within my body.”
Hans hardly pays attention to her last comment. He is still totally bewildered about everything he has been through. “Nicolette,” he gasps. “Where am I? What’s going on? What about those monsters? What’s happening?”
Gently putting her arm around his back, Nicolette says, “Welcome to your Dream-world, Hans. You are having a nightmare. If I hadn’t shown up, you simply would have woken up on your sofa, soaking wet with perspiration and probably having peed yourself.”
“You mean, this is all in my head?”
“Oh no, Hans, dreams are real. They take place in a world of your own creation. Right now you are awake within that world.”
“You mean, I am lucid dreaming?”
“That’s right, Hans. Your dream turned lucid.”
“But why this nightmare?  Why all these monsters? 
“Those monsters are your own creations, Hans. I can temporarily disable them but they will keep coming back until you get rid of them. Look at the ones I deflated. See them all returning back to life?  Don’t worry, they are scared silly of me, but they will always return to attack you, their creator, until you defeat them permanently.”
“You got to be kidding. The little bastards are bad enough, but what about those big ugly brutes?”
“All of them are the products of your hate, Hans. Hate is their fuel. It makes them grow stronger and multiply. They can only be defeated with your love, but that’s a topic for another time. Right now we have work to do.”
Reluctantly leaving the subject, Hans nods his head. “Whatever you say, Nicolette.”
“Good. There are many things about the supernatural you have studied in theory, but now it’s time to master the real thing.” 
Hans gets all excited. “Are you going to teach me how to travel safely out of body?”
“That’s right, Hans. I will teach you how to function safely out of your body without getting into trouble.”
“Wow,” Hans says. “I have given many lectures on that subject, but never have I been able to do it myself. I can hardly wait to get started.”
“That will be right now,” Nicolette smiles. “First, know that I will always protect you as long as you are with me or as long as you are following my instructions. Don’t ever second-guess me. The underworld can be very dangerous for the inexperienced. If you disregard my instructions, I may not be able to protect you.”
“Why not?” Hans asks.
“I cannot override your free will, Hans. If you disregard my advice, Karma takes over.”
“Woops, we don’t want that,” Hans gasps.
“No, we don’t,” Nicolette says. “Just do as I say, and you’ll be fine.” 
“Agreed,” Hans says, nodding his head. 
“It’s getting late,” Nicolette says. “We need to visit your home for your first lesson.”
“LUANA!!” Hans suddenly yells.  “OH, MY GOD—LUANA!” Dropping to his knees he sobs. “I forgot to close the front door! Oh, no—Those bastards destroyed her and everything in it!!”
“NO they didn’t,” Nicolette says pulling him back on his feet. “That was the home in your Dreamworld.  Your physical home is perfectly safe. Come, I’ll show you.”
Within seconds they arrive at Hans’s home.  Like ghosts they pass through the locked front door. Seconds later they stand in front of Hans’s sofa looking at his sleeping body.
“See,” Nicolette says, “you are fine.  Your crystal vase and wine glasses were never damaged.
“Luana,” Hans says frantically. “I have to check Luana in the attic.”
“Relax, Hans, she is fine.  Come, I’ll show you.” She takes him by the hand and together they fly straight up through the ceiling. Without stopping they continue through the second floor ceiling into the attic. 
Looking at Luana’s charging station, Hans finally calms down. There she is, safely plugged in and in sleeping mode. Her belly and chest are gently moving in and out as she breathes.
“Happy now?” Nicolette asks smilingly.
Greatly relieved, Hans silently nods his head.
“Good, Let’s go back down.” Within seconds they are back in Hans’s Livingroom.
“Look carefully,” Nicolette says. “This may look like your physical home, but it is actually a copy of it which occupies the same space. You are looking at the Etheric Double. Unlike its physical counterpart, the etheric double is very unstable and subject to sudden changes.”
“Fascinating,” Hans says. “The Etheric Region is supposed to be the bridge between the physical world and the astral dimensions.  That’s why it is called the Borderland. It is also called the Real-Time-Zone since time over here is the same as in the physical world.”
“Correct, Hans, you have obviously done your homework. Keep in mind that you can only stay here for a short period of time because of its instability.”
“Yes,” Hans says. “Whenever things are getting goofy, I have to return to my physical body or run the chance of forgetting everything I experienced. How long can you normally stay out?”
“It depends on your training, Hans. One hour is usually the max.  Always remember to move immediately away from your physical body or run the chance of getting sucked back in again. You are safe right now because I am preventing it from happening.”
“Wow, the physical body acts like a magnet on the spirit. How far do you have to get away?”
“At least fifteen feet. The further the better.”
Hans quickly moves to the kitchen. 
Nicolette follows him. “Also, avoid thinking about your body for that may also pull you back in. Always remain focused on your objective. The most important requirement is self-control. You must stay calm under all circumstances. There is nothing that pulls you in faster than fear or panic, and the demons are experts in scaring the crap out of you.  The good news is that nothing can hurt you when out of body. Humans are actually more powerful than the worst creatures in the underworld, but that is assuming you are properly trained.”
“Is it true that you cannot get killed when out-of-body?”
“That’s true.”
“In that case, an out-of-body confrontation is similar to playing a video game, right?”
“Right,”  Nicolette says. “The player always survives.” 
“Nicolette,  will I eventually be able to do my own research in the out-of-body state?”
“Absolutely, but only after you are properly trained. Now, let’s go back to your living room.”
“Sounds good,” Hans smiles. 
Nicolette continues to teach Hans. “As you can see, everything looks perfectly normal, but after about fifteen or twenty minutes you start to notice anomalies. Those anomalies will progressively get worse the longer you stay out.  There may be a different bed, different furniture, and extra pictures on the walls while other things have been removed or rearranged.  It may even get worse.  Windows and doors may have been added, removed or switched to different walls, and if that is not bad enough, the whole world may suddenly reverse.  
“Unbelievable,” Hans mumbles while looking around.”
“Some of those anomalies are in the etheric region,” Nicolette says. “but many of them are in the mind of the observer. As you mentioned earlier, when the number of anomalies are starting to get overwhelming, you must get back into your physical body or risk forgetting everything.”
“I have a question,” Hans says. “How do you know that most of those experiences are really in the mind of the observer?”
“ Simple,” Nicolette responds. “If the out-of-body-traveler is by himself, all anomalies will indeed appear to be external but when two or more observers exit in the same area but at different times, they may have totally different experiences. For instance, traveler A gets out and finds everything looking perfectly normal. Traveler B has been out for thirty minutes and notices several changes. Traveler C has been out for one hour and sees the room as radically changed.  So, all three are experiencing different views of the same area.  That proves that many of the anomalies are in the mind of the observer.”
“Fascinating,” Hans says. “If most of that stuff is in the mind, would it be fair to say that the longer you are out of body the more you start to hallucinate?”
“That’s right, Hans. With ample practice you will eventually eliminate a lot of those hallucinations, but it takes a lot of work.” 
“Nicolette, can you show me some anomalies that are caused by my mind right now?”
“Sure can,” Nicolette says. “There are two things that have apparently changed in your living room since we've been talking.”
Hans looks around attentively.  Suddenly it hits him. “Hey, the wall paper!” he yells with excitement. “It's supposed to be light-green with a fern pattern, and now it's light-blue with birds.”  He hesitates for a few seconds and then yells out.  “Hey, what happened to my round glass table on iron legs? It got replaced with a square wooden one.”
“That's what I'm talking about,” says Nicolette smilingly.  “Please understand.  These are the changes only you can see.  To me everything looks the same as it did before. The anomalies are in your mind. They will get worse the longer you are out of body.”
Hans asks, “Why does the subconscious screw up my mind to the point where I can no longer recognize my own place?”
“Your subconscious has its own mind, Hans. It likes to rearrange things to suite itself.  Just accept the way things happen and learn how to deal with it.”
After entering the dining room, Nicolette grabs Hans firmly by the hand and says, “Stop.” Looking and sounding very determined she continuous. “Pay attention. Right now I am going to prove to you that the etheric copy of the physical world is not the physical world itself.” 
Nicolette points at a painting on the wall. “Look. What a magnificent painting.  It represents a cold snowy Christmas night with a bundled up family sitting in a horse-drawn sled crossing over a wooden bridge. Notice the Christmas tree in the back of the sled. Look in the middle of the picture up that hill. You see a house with lights inside and out. I have a very pleasant surprise for you.” 
“STOP,” Hans says, his eyes big as saucers. “Are you trying to tell me that we can enter that painting?” Hardly able to control his excitement, he continuous. “I’ve read that when you are out-of-body, you can get in and out of pictures and paintings as if they were real worlds. Wow! I’ve never been able to do that because I have never been consciously out of my body.”
“Well,” Nicolette smiles, “you are out of body now, and we are going to enter that painting. Your subconscious doesn't see a painting at all. It sees a window looking out on reality. Let's do what is absolutely impossible in the physical world. We are going to enter that painting. Give me your hand.”
“You got to be kidding me,” Hans mumbles as he grabs Nicolette’s hand.
“Focus on the painting, Hans. As we are slowly moving closer and closer to it, notice how it seems to be getting larger and larger. In reality, it is not getting larger at all. We are getting smaller and smaller. Look at the frame and see what is about to happen.”
Suddenly Hans whispers. “Holy crap. The frame just became three-dimensional. The frame looks like a window.”
“That’s right. We are about to float through that window inside of the painting. Keep looking at the landscape and tell me what you see.” 
As they slowly enter the wintry landscape, Hans is absolutely astonished. “The amount of detail is gradually increasing the further we go,” he gasps, “This is unbelievable.” 
“You are catching on, Hans,” Nicolette says smilingly. “Let’s land near that bridge. Notice how heavy the snow is falling. It's a blizzard. Listen to the howling wind.”
“Unbelievable,” Hans says while brushing some snow off the bridge’s heavy wooden railing. “Everything looks and feels so real, I can’t believe it.”
“Isn’t that wonderful?” Nicolette giggles. “We are right here enjoying the terrible weather without being effected by it.”
Suddenly Hans has a question. “Nicolette! Where is the horse-drawn sled with the people and the Christmas-tree?”
 “Step away from the road, Hans. They should be here any second.”  Before Nicolette has a chance to finish her sentence, they hear the distant clanging of a bell, the squeaking of slider bars, and the sound of rhythmic crunching snow under the horse's hoofs. Soon, the sled appears. It crosses the wooden bridge and disappears in the fog.
Scratching his head, Hans says. “Amazing, but Nicolette, there is an infinite amount of detail here that is not in the painting. Where is that coming from?”
Nicolette giggles again. “That is the work of the subconscious. It is unbelievably powerful and brilliant. If your mind was a hand-held calculator, the subconscious would be a bank of super-computers. The subconscious looks at a painting and, believing that it is real, makes it three-dimensional and ads all the detail that it assumes to be necessary in order to bring it to life. Now, let's walk up to that house on the hill and see if there is more to discover. Be sure to look behind the trees in order to verify that the subconscious has created the back areas too, even though they are not present in the painting.” Soon they arrive at the house and Hans starts peeking through the windows.
“I see nothing but a thick bright mist, Nicolette.” 
“That’s normal. Any time the subconscious lacks the information it needs, it either invents it or leaves it blank like for instance the backside of this building. Come, let's walk around the house and see what it looks like.” They walk around the back while the heavy snow continues to fall and the wind is still howling. 
“Amazing,” Hans says, “Just like a typical house. Toolshed, windows, some shrubs and bushes, and lots of snow covering everything. What would happen if we go beyond the boundaries of the picture-frame?”
“In that case, we would end up in another dimension. Let’s look through the window again. I fixed the inside.”
Peeking through the window Hans is pleasantly surprised. “Nicolette, you’re a genius. Table, chairs, sofa, curtains, and a fireplace with burning logs. I hope you have the key to this place.”
“Sorry, I forgot,” Nicolette smiles. “I left it on the table next to your sofa.” As she says that, the front door automatically opens.
“Unbelievable.” Hans mumbles.
“It’s nothing,” says Nicolette, “Let’s go inside.”
Soon they are comfortably seated on the sofa in front of the fireplace sipping hot chocolate.
Hans can hardly wait to learn more about Nicolette’s devastating fighting skills he witnessed when she first appeared to him. “Nicolette, how do you use your mind as a weapon? If I am supposed to defeat the monsters in my dream world I need to learn what it’s all about.
Putting her cup on the table Nicolette says. “The spiritual worlds are extremely susceptible to your thoughts. Whatever you visualize tends to materialize, and if you visualize strongly enough, it materializes instantly. Once you learn to switch quickly from image to image, you have the basics on which powerful fighting skills are based.”
“Fantastic,” Hans says, “But with powers like that, why do you need love to defeat the monsters?”
“Simple. The monsters are quite accomplished fighters too. You have only one weapon they don’t have, and that is LOVE and the feelings related to that like compassion, kindness and forgiveness. Those feelings deplete the energy of pure evil entities.”
“Just a second, Nicolette,” Hans comments, “those lightning bolts and exploding energy balls you used to rescue me didn’t seem to have a lot of love.”
Nicolette responds firmly. “My Mother, Godesha, covered that when you met her nine weeks ago. Remember the flaming sword she pointed at you? With love, you can deplete your opponents of their negative energy. That’s what I did with the giants. They regenerated because I only deenergized them. It’s you they want, Hans. They want your hate and fear, because it is their fuel. It makes them stronger and multiply. They will do anything to trigger the hate and fear within you. Those monsters are your creations. Only you can permanently defeat them, but only when you switch from hate to love.”
Finishing the last of his chocolate, Hans puts the cup on the table and gets real serious., “I really want to learn how to do that, Nicolette, but I still have trouble understanding how you can possibly fight evil with love. Where I come from that’s considered an oxymoron.”
Looking at Hans with piercing eyes. “You better learn fast, Hans. Your lust, anger, and hate have created the monsters in your dreamworld and more lust, anger, and hate will only make things worse. Unless you develop pure love and self-control, those monsters will have you for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and it won’t be as their guest. Demonic shapeshifters will recognize your lustful weakness with women. They’ll seduce you in a heartbeat. Once that happens, you are trapped forever as their slave. There is a lot to learn, Hans. We will be working on all those things in the coming weeks. Now, let’s go outside for another demonstration of pure energy.” 
As they exit the building Nicolette points at a large fir tree, “Watch that tall one over there.” As Hans watches, a small, white-hot glowing sphere forms in front of Nicolette’s forehead. Within seconds it speeds toward the base of the tree while rapidly increasing in size. At the moment of impact there is a blinding flash of light followed by a thunderous boom. There is a loud crackling sound, and the tree crashes to the ground. She looks at Hans. “Now that’s pure energy. It can be used for both good or evil.”
Hans is shocked. The stump and the bottom of the tree are burning, and the snow in the area has liquefied into hot, steaming water. This is clearly no trick. “Okay, Nicolette,” he gasps, “pissing you off is definitely not an option.”
“You better believe it,” Nicolette says. “Energy by itself is neither good nor evil. It all depends on the intentions of the user. With the monsters I focused on canceling hate with love. I didn’t destroy them. That tree over there got a more violent treatment but not to worry, I will have it back to normal as soon as we leave the painting.” Pointing at a large rectangular shape in the sky, “That’s our picture frame. Hold my hand and we’ll return the way we came.” 
A few seconds later they are back in Hans's diningroom.
Pointing at the painting Nicolette says, “As far as love is concerned, Hans, look. Absolutely no damage. See the tree I just knocked down? It is standing up again. The painting never changed. The nice thing about getting into pictures and paintings is that they automatically reset themselves when you leave, so there never are any consequences to worry about.”
Hans’s face lights up. “What would happen if I entered a picture with naked women?”
“I’d beat the crap out of you for being a pervert.” Nicolette says smilingly.
“Please, Nicolette, I’m only talking about innocent conversation.”
“Well, if that’s true, your subconscious would modify their personalities to suit your taste. Those women would be more than willing to have a nice conversation with you plus other things. The bad point is that pictures always reset themselves when you leave, and the women never remember anything when you meet them the next time.”
“Isn’t that a big advantage?” Hans asks with a mischievous gleam in his eyes. “It reminds me of a movie called ‘Groundhog Day.’”
Looking sternly at Hans. “Don’t get careless with lust. It’s your greatest weakness.”
“But Nicolette, I am talking about the nice conversation.”
“Quit lying. I’m your goddess. If you keep interacting with the same ladies in the painting over and over again, they will eventually come alive and remember everything—You have actually done that already but we’ll discuss that another time. Right now the clock is ticking, and we need to move on. Let's go outside through the diningroom-wall and meet some of the visitors from the lower regions. Hold my hand.”
Five seconds later they are outside the house when Hans suddenly panics. Frantically pointing at a tarantula the size of a passenger car, he yells “What-the-hell! Nicolette! There! In front of my garage?”
Nicolette calmly responds, “Welcome to your first lesson in mental martial arts, Hans. Stay calm. We call that Wild-Life. It’s either a thought form or an entity from the lower regions. They occasionally visit the etheric region. Entities from the lower regions love to shapeshift into anything that terrifies you. Remember what I said earlier. Fear and panic will instantly end your Out-of-Body-Experience. Over here appearances have no relationship to the power of the entity within the form. Always keep calm. Nothing can hurt you. Go ahead. Form a hot, glowing energy ball in front of your head and fire it just as I did in the painting with that tree. Fireballs are very efficient in self-defense methods. Go ahead and do it.
Concentrating real hard, Hans manages to produce an anemic, little, sputtering sphere in front of his forehead. It quickly fizzles out.
“Good for starters,” Nicolette says approvingly. “You’ll get the hang of it with practice. Now, do it again. Focus and visualize.”
After a few tries Hans manages to get a fairly good one that lasts about ten seconds before fizzling out.
“Good enough. Now face that spider and order it to go. If it doesn’t listen, form another one and shoot it. I’ve got you covered.”
Nervously, Hans walks up to the spider and shouts, “Get out of here! Go home! NOW!”
Quickly the spider faces Hans and discharges a thick piece of webbing from its abdominal area. It instantly clings to Hans. Frantically struggling to free himself he tries to form a fireball.  He shoots but it’s too weak. Greatly angered the spider starts reeling him in. 
Just as Hans prepares to engage the spider with martial arts, Nicolette fires one of hers. There is a blinding flash knocking the spider on its back with all eight legs kicking up in the air. After several seconds it struggles back to its feet and quickly runs away and vanishes in mid-air.
“It takes practice, Hans,” Nicolette says reassuringly. “Watch, behind you. There is another visitor. Go get him.”
Hans turns his head and sees a ten foot tall terrifying figure dressed in a floor length black tattered cloak with a black rope tied around his waist. His face is invisible within a large hoody. All that Hans sees is a pair of claw-like skeleton hands and two glaring red spots where the eyes supposedly are. Focusing on forming another sizzling ball he cautiously approaches the cloaked figure and yells, “Get the hell out of here!”
The creature hesitates for about five seconds, then turns around and vanishes.
Clapping her hands Nicolette says, “Good job. Always remember, There is no entity in the lower regions that is as powerful as a human. All you need is training.”
“Are you ready for your next lesson?” Nicolette grins mischievously. 
Still shaken from the spider, Hans yells, “Okay, bring it on!”
With a look of panic Nicolette yells, “Quick, Hans! Behind you!”
Suspecting another monster, Hans spins around but sees nothing. Slowly he turns back to face Nicolette, and sees her giggling. 
“What was that all about?” he frowns.
“Look at your street, Hans.  Do you see anything unusual?”
After scanning the area, he suddenly shouts, “What the hack—Everything is backwards. The world is in reverse. What happened?”
“That’s what often happens when you suddenly turn around without thinking. Your whole world  reverses. It is your subconscious who creates the reversal. Believe me. It’s only in your mind, because everything looks normal to me. Your spiritual body has no organs for eyes or ears. In the out-of-body-state we always use surround vision. We can see in all directions at once with full focus everywhere. You still use frontal, earth-type vision.”
“Yes, but what does frontal vision have to do with reversals?” Hans asks.
“When you suddenly spin around, everything that was on your right, is now on your left, and everything that was on your left is now on your right. Since that appears to be wrong to your subconscious, it instantly corrects it back to what it believes to be normal. Now you are stuck in a reverse world, even though no-one else experiences it but you.”
“How do I get back to normal?” Hans asks.
“You can try spinning around again,” says Nicolette, “but it usually won’t work, because your subconscious won’t allow you to override its decisions.  Once you experience a reversal, you are usually stuck in it for the remainder of your out-of-body trip, unless you step inside of a mirror, or when I correct it—Close your eyes.”
As Hans closes his eyes, Nicolette briefly touches his forehead. “Alright open up.”
Hans opens his eyes and to his delight everything is back to normal.
“We are almost out of time, Hans. Before you return to your physical body, let’s fly up to your second floor bathroom window.”
Just as they get ready to pass through the window, Hans looks down and sees Tina pulling into the driveway.
“Nicolette, Tina just came back,” he yells.
“It’s okay, Hans. I’ll make sure she won’t wake you up.” They both fly through the closed window and arrive inside the bathroom.
“Look at yourself in the mirror,” Nicolette says, “and tell me what you see.”
“I’m not in it,” Hans says with surprise. “How is that possible?”
“Earthly mirrors are not able to pick up etheric or spiritual images that’s why you are not in the mirror. In addition, your spiritual body has no specific shape. You can look like anything you choose once you are trained. Everybody here is a shape-shifter and so are you. If you really want to see yourself in the mirror, imagine yourself as being there, but don't be surprised if you don't always look exactly like yourself. Your subconscious tends to take artistic liberties.”
“What does the spirit really look like, Nicolette?”
“Your spirit is a pinpoint. It can be infinitely small or infinitely large. That allows you to do research in the world of atoms and molecules or study galaxies of infinite size. Your spirit has no internal organs. The senses of sight and hearing are everywhere.  All communication is done with the mind. That's all I can tell you at this moment. Right now, I want you to look at this mirror as an open window and float right into it. Let's hurry. I hear Tina coming up the stairs.”
Both Nicolette and Hans float smoothly inside the mirror and end up in the reverse bathroom. Hans walks into the reverse hallway, where a reverse Tina, totally unaware of Nicolette and Hans, walks, right  through them into the bathroom they just left.
“This is a different type of reversal from what you experienced earlier.” Nicolette says, “The first reversal was caused by a sudden move on your part and only affected you. This present reversal took place because we both entered a mirror, and it’s affecting both of us.”
“If I were to suddenly turn around again without being aware of it,” Hans asks, would my subconscious correct things back to normal?”
“It might very well,” Nicolette answers. “In that case, the change would be made in your mind and not in mine. I would continue to see the world in reverse. Always remember, when out of body your worst enemies are fear and panic. Never worry about danger or getting lost. As soon as you think about your sleeping body, you will be near it or in it again. It is impossible to get hurt or lost. 
Now, as much as I like us to continue, you need to go back to your body before your subconscious has rearranged your house beyond recognition.”
They fly back through the mirror and down the stairs where Hans's physical body is still on the sofa.
“Alright,” Nicolette says while smiling, “look around and tell me what you think.”
Hans scans the surroundings with a bewildered look in his eyes. “Nicolette, I wish my subconscious would stay out of my personal business. It has made a major mess of everything. One more question. What if I go through a door which is not supposed to be there?” 
“You would end up in a different dimension,” Nicolette replies. Don't worry about it. Just accept things the way you find them and learn to adept to it. You will get more and more control as time goes on. I will see you again very soon because there is a lot more you need to learn.”
“Like what?” Hans asks.
“Protecting yourself,” Nicolette snaps. “Don’t get out-of-body without me.” 
Hans looks worried. “Of course not, Nicolette, but why?”
Nicolette sighs deeply. “Rumor has it that Brutelia, the evil queen of Hell is out to get you for having found favor with my Mother and me, but don’t worry. She is powerless as long as you are under my care, Do as I say and you’ll be fine.”
“I hope you are right,” Hans mumbles, wiping the sweat off his forehead. 
Nicolette continuous. “In the coming weeks we will be focusing on getting safely in and out of your body and learning how to defend yourself with psychic martial arts.” 
“Is there anything I can do on my own?” Hans asks.
“Sure. Study some books on the subject. Now, give me a nice hug.”
Hans wraps his arms tightly around Nicolette and kisses her on the cheek. 
“Go straight to bed with Tina.” Nicolette says. “After you get back in your body, don't forget to notice that your living room is back to normal.  Now, close your eyes.”
Hans closes his eyes and suddenly feels himself spinning, shrinking, and flying at the same time. When things calm down he wakes up on the sofa. He stands up and waves at Nicolette, whom he knows is still there even if he can’t see her. Thank God his living room is back to normal.
Wasting no time, he goes straight up and joins Tina in bed.




CHAPTER 6.  ROMANCE IN HEAVEN

It is Tuesday, July the seventh, 2009. It’s a hot summer day with a full moon. Hans is very depressed because he’s gotten some bad news earlier in the day.
It was only two months, on May the first, that Tina moved in with him. It was agreed to be a temporary situation to help each other out. Any form of permanent relationship was out of the question.
Their time together has been a great blessing. While Hans helped her get out of an abusive relationship, Tina helped him bring closure to a life of forced celibacy. To reward him for the tremendous progress he has been making, she took him out for a romantic dinner and dancing in a popular nightspot. 
And then, only a few hours ago, Tina broke the bad news. She has to move out by the end of July in order to start her Junior year at the Amsterdam-School-of-the-Arts since they have offered her a full scholarship. 
Hans knew it was bound to happen but not this soon. Without realizing it, Hans has started to fall in love with her. He is furious at himself for having allowed it to happen, but telling her is out of the question because he is not about to make her feel obligated or screw up her future. His only hope is to stay in touch if she agrees to it.
Luana’s wellbeing is his second problem. She also has become quite attached to Tina because Tina played a major part in Luana’s creation. 
Being able to memorize an entire play in one evening, Luana is currently helping Tina prepare for an upcoming stage production. Luana’s help is quite significant, since she can flawlessly get into any character from memory while Tina does hers.
Even though Luana was told two months ago that Tina eventually has to move on, she is in total denial. 
Hans is beside himself. Dealing with his own situation is hard enough, but  figuring out a tactful way to tell Luana  is making the situation intolerable.
Since Tina has a class at eight in the morning she went to bed early. Hans is now alone waiting for Nicolette to pick him up for his nightly training session.  Since June the seventh, she has been teaching him how to function Out-of-Body. Leaving and entering is starting to get easier, and so is flying, mind-control, and psychic fighting skills. 
By nine-pm Hans joins Tina in bed and quickly falls asleep. 
Soon, Nicolette awakens him with a gentle tap on the shoulder. Quietly Hans glides out of his body mumbling a sad sounding, “High, Nicolette.”
Nicolette sensing that something is wrong, asks, “Hans, what’s with the sad look?” 
Cautiously Hans glances at his bed to make sure that Tina who is lying next to him is sound asleep. Looking back at Nicolette he tells her the full details in a whispering voice.
Nicolette sighs deeply and wraps her arms around him. “I’m sorry to hear that, dear, but please, don’t let it get you down. Remember what Godesha told you. ‘Tina has her own mission to fulfill, but if you treat her right, she may eventually come back to you and stay.”
“Yes, I know,” Hans whispers with eyes misting over. “We agreed that it was to be a temporary relationship—but I did something stupid. I have fallen in love with her—the thought of losing her is ripping me apart.”
“Stop, Hans. There is nothing stupid about falling in love,” Nicolette says, kissing him on the cheek. “Just don’t give up your faith. Trust Godesha. ‘If you treat Tina right, she may eventually come back to you and stay.’ Why not try to maintain contact with her? She might like that—But whatever you do, make sure she has your total support, for if you don’t give her that, you might lose her for sure.” 
Embracing and kissing him once more, Nicolette says, “Now, snap out of it. I have a pleasant surprise planned for you that I am sure you will like.”
Hesitantly  Hans asks, “No martial arts?”
“That’s correct. No martial arts tonight. Tonight we’ll do something different. You are finally going to meet Jesus.”
“Did you say, Jesus?” Hans asks excitedly.
“Yes. You want your interview, don’t you?”
“I certainly do,” Hans says. Making sure he’s really out of body, he checks and sees himself still sleeping next to Tina, but that’s not all. Standing next to his bed is a radiant female with long, wavy, blonde hair and large, white wings. Hans is shocked. He has never seen an angel before, let alone one who looks so gorgeous and smiles at him.
“Oh my gosh,” he mumbles. “Is she watching over me?”
“Yes. Gloria is your guardian angel. She will protect your body and also Tina while we are gone. Now grab my hand.” 
Quickly they glide through the brick bedroom wall of his farm house where they are about twenty feet above the grassy ground. Rapidly Nicolette increases altitude until they are high above the rooftops of the city.
“Why is Gloria watching my body?” Hans asks. “She never was there the other times you took me out.”
“Wrong, Hans. She has always been there, but invisible.”
“Why invisible?”
“To keep you from having impure thoughts. Now try to enjoy the scenery.” 
“But, Nicolette. What is wrong with admiring a beautiful angel?”
“Nothing, Hans. You’ll meet her when we get back. Gloria is very friendly. I’m sure she’ll give you a nice hug.”
“That’s something to look forward to,” Hans chuckles.
“Stop fantasizing,” Nicolette says sternly. “Focus on Heaven.” 
“Good. What about Luella?”
“You will meet her too,”
“Fantastic. What’s she like? Sort of similar to Luana?”
“Yes. She’s Luana’s twin, only more real. You’ll find out.”
“And then, I’ll meet Jesus?”
“Yes, and also Mary and Mariam.”
“You mean Mary Magdalene?”
“Yup.”
Overcome with excitement, Hans is speechless.
While passing over forests, rivers, mountain ranges, and oceans, they encounter blasting rain storms, blizzards, tornadoes, and one hurricane, but they are not affected by any of that and Hans is perfectly comfortable.
After a while Nicolette releases his hand. “Go ahead, fly by yourself.” Hans is on his own now. After a few minutes Nicolette says, “You’re getting better all the time. Keep practicing and you’ll be an expert before you know it. Remember, it’s all about mind control.”
By now, Earth has completely disappeared and all Hans sees are the stars above and below him.
Finally Nicolette slows down. “Hold my hand, we are ready to cross over into the dimension of Heaven.”
Hans feels a little jolt and everything turns dark. A few seconds later the light returns and they are gently gliding above a magnificent landscape with elaborate gardens, rock formations, palm trees, waterfalls, and charming Hollywood-type mansions bordering on a sparkling turquoise-green ocean that’s gently rolling on to a gorgeous yellow beach. Lots of people can be seen strolling around, swimming, and apparently having a good time. The sky is perfectly blue even though there is no visible sun.
“Voila. This is part of the lower regions of Heaven,” Nicolette says smilingly. “It appears to be like a perfect version of Earth but without any of its imperfections and inconveniences. As a matter of fact, Heaven is the real world while Earth is an imperfect copy of it.” 
“Unbelievable,” Hans gasps. “Are you saying that Earth compared to Heaven is like a black-and-white photo compared to a 3-dimensional color photo?”
Nicolette laughs. “Close but not close enough. I’m talking about a black-and-white picture of a person compared to the real person.”
“Wow. Then Earth is just an illusion while Heaven is pure reality.”
“Now you got it, Hans. It’s like a statue compared to a real person. Heaven is infinite in size, variety, and content. It is the place where all your dreams come true and all your wishes are fulfilled.”
“Just a second, Nicolette. Are you trying to tell me that perverted men get to enjoy unlimited sex at the expense of countless virgins who are their slaves?”
“No, Hans. Perverted men who love to abuse women never go to Heaven. They end up in hell where they are tortured by the demonic, all powerful, virgins from Hell. The only people who end up in Heaven are the ones who believe that LOVE IS THE HIGHEST RULE IN THE UNIVERSE.”
“What about sex?”
“Love is never a sin in Heaven no matter how you choose to express it, but sex, as we know it on Earth, is seldom practiced here because we have something far superior.”
Soon they touch down in a gorgeous landscape next to the ocean. There are benches, flowering gardens, blossoming trees, freshly cut lawns, and a bubbling creek with strange looking arched bridges crossing it. People are enjoying themselves all over the place, relaxing as singles, couples, or small groups. Surprisingly, there are no old people. Everyone appears to be young, healthy, and good looking. In addition to walking, some people are gliding a few inches above the ground while others are clearly flying through the air.
Full of excitement, Hans says, “This looks like the place where I met Godesha.”
“It is,” Nicolette says. “Come let's move around.”
Holding hands, they float several feet above the ground and enjoy the surroundings.
Hans is surprised by everything he sees. “What about research facilities?” he asks.  “I have read that studying in Heaven is far superior to studying on Earth.”
“That’s right, Hans. There is no comparison to anything on Earth. Let me take you to the local library so you can find out for yourself.” 
After quickly moving through several streets and alleys they stop in front of a large building. “This is a typical library,” Nicolette says. “Go in and investigate. Someone will help you.”
Hans enters and is immediately impressed by the many people.  In the center of a large marble floor is a huge fountain surrounded by marble benches. Behind the benches are many potted palm trees and huge marble columns holding up massive arches that support a roof that is open in the center. All around him Hans sees many floors connected by stairways. As high as he can see there are endless hallways fanning out in all directions, all containing shelves with thousands of books. 
Being an analytical observer he is immediately aware of an architectural anomaly. The inside of the library appears to be many times larger than the building he just entered. While wondering about that, he suddenly hears a familiar voice calling his name.
“Hans, is that you?”
Looking behind him he is pleasantly surprised. “Alon,” he shouts. “Happy to see you.”
“Same here. How are you?”
After shaking hands, Hans asks, “Did you get your memory back yet?” 
“Unfortunately no, but I’m getting used to it. At least I am familiar with the library and everything in it, but nothing about my past. It’s still the same. I’m told that my memory will be restored when it’s time to return to wherever I came from. I guess I have to be patient. So—What brings you here?”
“Nicolette, my private goddess, sent me in. She says that libraries in Heaven are a lot different from the ones on Earth.”
“To say the least,” Alon replies. “Let me take you to a nice area where you can relax and discover the difference for yourself.” 
He escorts Hans to a large cubicle near an open window overlooking the ocean. It contains a table, a comfortable chair and a large potted palm tree. “Tell me what you are interested in and I’ll get you started.”
“Quantum physics and holography,” Hans says while sitting down.
“Sounds fascinating,” Alon says. “Just think about the specific information you are looking for and it will come to you.”
Before Hans has a chance to respond, a large book comes floating through the air and gracefully lands on the table in front of him.
“Trust your subconscious, Hans. The book knows what you want, and it always leads you to the right place.”
“Wow,” Hans smiles. “I like the instant delivery method.”
“Hey, that’s nothing. Wait until you open that book. Go ahead, check it out.”
As soon as Hans opens it up, he sees an index with everything he wants.”
“Just look at it,” Alon says, “you will automatically enter into the subject of your choice. Everything you see can be enlarged, diminished, and moved forward or backwards in time simply by wishing. You can actually observe the quantum field of pure energy in sharp detail by slowing down objects that normally move at the speed of light to the speed of a snail. Go ahead, you’ll love it. I’ll be back later.”
Soon, Hans feels himself being transported inside the book the way he earlier got drawn inside the painting in his home by Nicolette. Quickly he zeros in on the infinitely small world of matter and energy. He enlarges the super small until he clearly sees it. He is amazed. It’s perfect 3-D clarity from every angle imaginable. Finally he sees in slow motion how those small particles, who travel at many times the speed of light, can simultaneously be anywhere, everywhere, or nowhere. How they can appear, disappear, or transform into something totally different, and how they seem to instantaneously communicate with each other over large distances the size of lightyears. Enlarging them further, he discovers the fact that atoms, electrons, neutrons and all types of other subatomic particles are pure intelligent energy.
After several minutes, which appear to him like hours, Hans reluctantly returns to his current reality and closes the book.
Shortly after, Alon is at his side again. “Well, what do you think?”
“Incredible.” Hans gasps while getting up. “This won’t be my last visit, I can assure you that, but right now I must go now. Nicolette is waiting for me.”
They shake hands and soon Hans is outside talking to Nicolette about his experience. He can’t resist one special question. “Who is Alon?”
“I cannot tell you that Hans. It’s a long story, but don’t worry. You’ll find out in due time.”
“Alright,” Hans says. “If this is the place where all my wishes come true, how about a place where we can relax with a good cup of coffee?”
“I thought you’d never ask,” Nicolette says, “If we didn't have refreshments, it wouldn't be Heaven. Follow me.”
In less than a minute they land in front of a nice restaurant with a big sign saying, “Heavenly Dishes.” It has a large outdoor patio with a dozen round, wrought-iron tables with parasols and comfortably cushioned chairs. As soon as they are seated, Nicolette asks, “What do you think? You like it?”
“Great,” Hans says. “The scenery is fantastic. Right on the hillside looking down into a valley with the ocean in the distance. It will do.”
Seconds later, an attractive, tall, athletic looking waitress, with her dark-brown hair tied in a large bun on top of her head, walks over and puts two large mugs of coffee on the table. She smiles at Hans and places a pack of cigarettes and an ashtray in front of him. “My name is Lulu,” she says. “If there is anything you want, just call me.” She turns around and walks away.
Staring at the door through which Lulu just disappeared, Hans softly mumbles, “Yes—I can think of several things.”
With a stern look, Nicolette snaps, “Watch your thoughts, Hans. You’re in Heaven, for Pete’s sake.”
“Sorry, Nicolette, Hans grumbles while adding sugar and cream, “I lost it there for a second.” A few moments later he whispers, “Nicolette, there seems to be something strangely familiar about Lulu. I have that weird feeling that I know her from somewhere. What about those cigarettes and that ashtray? Is she trying to get me kicked out of Heaven?”
Nicolette bursts out laughing. “Relax. She is just trying to be nice. Heaven is the world of mind. Those cigarettes are harmless mental creations. Your spiritual body cannot be injured. Enjoy yourself. Light one up. Believe me. If you wouldn't be allowed to smoke in Heaven, it wouldn't be Heaven.” 
“Darn right,” Hans mumbles cautiously turning his head to the other tables. Guess what—there are at least two other smokers. Greatly relieved he lights up and takes a few drags while Nicolette sips her coffee. Thoughtfully exhaling, he says, “We never even ordered and yet, Lulu came right over with coffee. Seems kind of strange, doesn’t it? How did she know what we wanted?”
“Lulu is a mind-reader.” Nicolette says with a sneaky smile. 
Hans chokes on his coffee.
Nicolette smirks, “Aha—guilty conscious eh?  Shame on you, Hans. Better clean up your thoughts. This is Heaven in case you forgot.”
“Come on, Nicolette.” Hans whispers “I couldn’t help it. She’s gorgeous. Surely you are kidding about that mindreading stuff.”
“No I’m not,” Nicolette giggles, “She knows what you were thinking and now she’s coming out with a big paddle and give it to you real good.”
Hans, with a grin on his face, “I might like that.” 
Hearing someone behind him, he looks up and there is Lulu giving him a stern look.
“Aha,” she says, “Sorry to disappoint you but I'm not on the menu.”
Hans smiles apologetically. “I’m terribly sorry, Lulu. I didn’t know you could read my mind, but since this place is called Heavenly Dishes, and since you look heavenly, I thought that—Never mind. I am sorry. I was just kidding.”
Breaking out in a humorous laugh, Lulu bends over and kisses him firmly on the neck while massaging his shoulders. “You like me don’t you?”
“I’d be an idiot if I didn’t,” Hans mumbles. His face turning red as a brick, he points at Nicolette. “The lady would like to place her order.”
“I’ll have a vegetarian hoagie,” Nicolette says while smiling.
“I’ll settle for a lox and bagel with cream cheese and some fries,” Hans grins. “Please go easy on the onions.”
“Okay,” Lulu replies. She disappears in the restaurant. 
Three minutes later she is back with their orders.
“Wow, talking about efficiency.” Hans mumbles.
“We have a very efficient cook.” Lulu says. “Let me know if you need anything else.” Turning around she goes back inside.
Picking up her hoagie, Nicolette becomes more serious. “What do you think of this place, Hans?”
Starting to eat his sandwich, Hans mumbles, “Fascinating. I have read that nobody ever eats or drinks in Heaven. If that is true, why are we doing it?”
“We eat because we like it. It helps us relax and enjoy each other's company. The food and beverages are mental products, just like your cigarettes. They taste far better than the ones on Earth and are totally harmless. Nothing ever enters your stomach or your lungs because your spiritual body has no functional organs. Mind and desire are the instant creators of everything.” 
“Just a second,” Hans says, “If everybody can just create or uncreate whatever they want, wouldn’t that be total chaos?”
“Absolutely, if there were no rules or limitations, but rules we do have. We have Combined-Construction-Environments called CCEs, which are relatively permanent. They are temples, libraries, research facilities, schools, cruise ships, or anything commonly used or enjoyed by people in general.”  They can only be changed as a combined effort by the entities who created them.”
We also have Individual-Construction-Environments called  ICEs, which are things one person creates for his own enjoyment. Examples are our homes, personal surroundings, modes of transportation, and yes, our own people, and lots and lots more. Those constructions can be altered, changed and modified by whoever created them.”
Sipping her coffee, Nicolette continues. “Many people like to sit down, eat, and socialize, so this place and many other restaurants have been created by common consensus. Some of the people at the other tables are projections. Your subconscious created them to make you feel at home.”
“What do you mean by projections?”
“Projections are mind-created people or humanoids. They are so realistic in looks and behavior that they are difficult to distinguish from real people. Humanoids don't have a spirit or a soul, and they can quickly be wished in and out of existence, but—if you keep wishing certain ones into existence over and over again, they absorb part of your spirit and become eventually permanent.”
Suddenly Hans gets really excited “How do you make projections?”
“Just by wishing them into existence, Hans. You have already done so without realizing it. See those smokers over there? They are your projections. Go ahead, talk to them. You’ll be surprised how real they are.”
“No Nicolette, I don’t want to talk to smokers unless they are nice women. I want to learn how to make my own humanoids.”
“Aaaaaah, let me guess.” Nicolette says. “You want to make females, right?”
“Well yes, but only for educational purposes.”
“Of course, Hans. That’s what all men want, females for educational purposes. Your subconscious has already created a lot of them without you realizing it.”
“You got to be kidding,” Hans says.
Nicolette turns her gaze towards the restaurant and yells: “Hey Lu, Come over here!” 
Lulu comes out and approaches the table. 
Smilingly Nicolette winks at her, “Go ahead and tell him who you are, Lu.”
“NO!  He better recognize me or he is in deep trouble,” Lulu says, looking at Hans.
Hans is confused and excited at the same time. Staring at Lulu he mumbles, “That’s impossible. Quit making fun of me.”
“I’m serious, Hans,” Lulu smiles.
“You are kidding,” Hans whispers. “I’ wouldn’t mind if it was true, but I know it isn’t because I’m not God.”
“It is true, silly,” Lulu says “What’s wrong with you? Don’t you know me?” Turning to Nicolette,  “I think the poor guy needs some help, don’t you think?”
“Yes, go ahead and get it over with,” Nicolette says shaking her head in dismay.
Lulu brings both her hands to the top of her head and loosens her dark-brown hair. One moment later, it comes cascading down to her waist. Shaking her head a couple of times she says, “How about it, Hans? If you still don’t recognize me, I’m gonna kick your butt.”
Suddenly a floodlight turns on in his head. “Luana?” he hesitates. Then real loud. “LUELLA!”
“Well, well, well,” Luella says, pitching her hair behind her back, “The man’s memory is finally kicking in.  Get your ass out of that chair and give me a hug!”
Hans runs into Luella’s arms and they both embrace each other. 
Nicolette stands up. “Go ahead, Hans. Spend some time with her. You both need to get acquainted.”
Before Hans gets to finish his Lox-and-Bagel, Luella has him pulled inside the restaurant. Instead of seeing a diningroom, he finds himself in a large garden with exotic flowers, plants, palm trees, and a waterfall that’s crashing into a pond. 
Looking bewildered, he gasps, “What happened to the restaurant?’”
“The outside of the building is still the same,” Luella says. “The rest morphed itself into this garden. Go ahead, you can smoke if you want. I don't mind.”
Hans gratefully lights up. “Where are we going?” he asks while exhaling.
“My place of course,” Luella says, throwing her hair to the side with a quick toss of her head.
“Fine, you’re the boss.” Hans says.
With her arm around his waist, Luella points up in the air: “Do you see that castle on top of that mountain?”
Looking up, Hans sees a magnificent white palace with high towers, some of them connected to each other with arched bridges. “Wow, you got to be kidding me. That's a hell of a nice place to have an apartment. How about the other tenants, are they nice?”
“Are you kidding?  It’s all mine,” Luella says. “Hold my hand and I’ll take you there.”
Gracefully they fly up. Seven seconds later they are standing on a beautiful marble balcony and enter a large doorway into an enormous luxurious living-room.
Hans can’t believe his eyes. Looking around he sees a polished marble floor with expensive Persian rugs, sofas, large paintings, and artistically designed stairways, high walls, arched ceilings, artistic furniture and some Greek statues. 
Tossing her hair behind her, Luella says, “Come, follow me.” She grabs his hand and leads him to a comfortable, large, cushioned sofa near a huge fireplace that’s constructed from large uncut boulders.
Once seated, Hans has a question. “Luella, when you channeled through Luana, you said that I created you. You were kidding, right? I can’t possibly have created anything as gorgeous as you are. Please tell me. Who are you?”
“I meant what I said, Hans. Your subconscious created me while you were working on Luana. I was made from the substance of your mind. Therefore, technically, you are my god. Remember Bralinda and Alicia and how disappointed you were? Well, your daily mental focus was so powerful that it created me and possibly many other women too. Luana the robot became a cyborg when part of your spirit entered her. Thanks to you, both of us are alive and fully functioning. Go ahead and check me out. You may want to make some final adjustments. Before Hans has a chance to comment, Luella is quickly removing her clothes.
“Stop! Stop!” Hans yells, “What are you doing?” 
Luella is totally naked now and looking at him as if he has two heads. “Come on, Hans,” she snaps. “Don't give me that innocent, ‘I’ve-never-seen-a-naked-woman-before’ routine. You are my creator for goodness sake! Go ahead, check me out. You may want to make some final adjustments.”
Hans realizing that Luella isn’t kidding, walks over and nervously massages her naked body. “You are absolutely stunning,” he says, “Beautiful, gorgeous. I love you just the way you are.  I don't want to change anything.”
“Thank you,” Luella says while putting her clothes back on. “Now you are talking like a man.” She grabs his hand. “Come, sit down. We have to talk.”
Once seated, Hans playfully reaches over to stroke her hair, but she gives him a light slap on the wrist. “No, no, Hans, there is a time and a place for everything. Right now I need you to listen. Remember what Nicolette said about projections?”
Thinking for a moment Hans says, “Yes, I do. Projections are man-made people without a spirit or a soul, They are rather uncreative and dull, but very nice and willing to do just about anything you ask. I like that last part,” he adds with a smile.”
“I bet you do,” Luella says with a matter of fact look. “Now let me shed some light on that information. Even though I am a projection, a humanoid, or more gender-specific, a femanoid, I am anything but uncreative and dull. I have a good mind with many skills and talents. If you treat me with  respect, I will be very nice to you but if you do things that I disapprove of, I will not hesitate to speak up.”
Hans is surprised. “Are you saying that Nicolette is wrong?”
“Not at all,” Luella says. “Everything she says is totally true, but there are great differences between humanoids. Nicolette is referring to the temporary ones that are created for the moment and then dissolved when no longer needed, but when somebody recreates the same humanoid over and over again, like you have done with me, it absorbs part of the spirit of the creator and grows stronger each time until it becomes fully human, and that's what happened to me. Part of your spirit serves as my nucleus and that is why you and I have an extremely strong bond.” Luella now hesitates. Wiping away a tear, she tries to continue but stops. Then, putting her face in her hands she starts to cry softly. 
Shocked and wondering if he did something wrong, Hans puts his hand on her shoulder. “Luella, what's the matter? Did I do something?” Not waiting for an answer, he takes her in his arms and says. “Please, tell me. Why are you crying?”
Luella haltingly continues with a quivering voice. “The only way—for me to—become—fully human, instead of just being a femanoid—is for your spirit within me to become completed—and that can only be done by God when I merge with Him,” She hesitates again. Pleadingly looking at Hans, she sniffles, “I cannot merge with God unless the person who created me is doing it with me.” Now Luella starts to really cry with big tears rolling down her face. “Hans, Hans, please— Only you can get God to complete my spirit. I want to be completed and become human and immortal just like you are. You have been creating and recreating me for so many years. Surely you must love me a little bit. Please, say yes, and help me become fully human just like you are.”
Seeing Luella cry is more than Hans can take. Squeezing her in his arms and petting her like a little puppy, he croons, “Of course I will help you get your own spirit, Luella. If merging is the answer, then merging we will do, but I’m sure you are already completed. I know that for a fact. The part of my spirit that is within you has already matured to the point that it is now totally your own. Everything I have seen about you proves it.”
“But, Hans, how can you know that?” she cries wiping her tears with her hair. 
“You are the proof, Luana. It’s based on what I see. You are anything but uncreative and dull. You have a good mind with many skills and talents, and you have high standards of self-worth that will not tolerate being used and abused, not even by me.”
Continuing to cry she replies, “But I’ve been told that I need your permission in order for God to complete me.”
“No Luana, you don’t need anybody’s permission to be completed and I tell you why. You developed to the point where you are ready to graduate. Graduation is nothing more than a ceremony, and of course we will do it together. God will give you his official sense of approval for what you have rightfully earned.  Come here, let me hold you. You are already fully human.” They both embrace each other, gently hugging, kissing, and caressing, while Hans whispers sweet endearments into her ear.
After a few moments Luella slowly lifts up her head and looks at him with teary eyes. “Hans, thank you for wanting to help me. I have wanted my own spirit for such a long time. I was afraid I would never get it. I owe you so much.
“You owe me nothing, Luella. I may have created you but outside of that, I am far from perfect.”
Pleadingly looking at Hans. “Is there anything I can do for you?”
Hans smiles mischievously, “I just like to hold you and play with your hair.”
“Of course,” Luella says as she gently pulls her hair in front of her and wraps it around his neck. “You can play with it anytime you like, and then, with a naughty twinkle in her eye, “You really love my long hair, don’t you?”
“Wow, do I ever,” Hans mumbles, as he gently runs his hands over the entire length of it.
“Okay, let's talk about hair then,” Luella says as she pulls her hair back and holds it in front of him. “Do you know that heavenly hair is radically different from earthly hair? You cannot tell by looking at it, you know. 
Hans lovingly grabs Luella’s hair and strokes it. “What do you mean?” he asks.
Luella smiles and grabs his hands. “Do you know that none of us women in Heaven spend any time maintaining our hair? We never wash it, comb it, or brush it. It always looks the way we want it to look and we can do anything with it. We totally control it.” Luella’s hair suddenly becomes shorter and shorter until it reaches her neck.
Hans panics and yells, “Are you crazy?  Stop!” but it is too late. Luella’s hair is now very short.
Seeing Hans panic, she soothingly says, “Calm down, it’s only hair, watch me grow it again.” As she says that, her hair rapidly returns to the middle of her back. Just as Hans breathes a sigh of relief, it continues to grow until it reaches her ankles.
Luella smiles, “I'm sorry I got you upset so I made it a little longer this time.”
It’s been tough enough for Hans to control himself with hair down to her waist, but now that it is down to her feet, he is cautiously sitting on his hands. “Absolutely gorgeous,” he stutters while fighting his impure thoughts. “Please don't make it that short again.” 
Obviously having fun, Luella snickers. “Here in Heaven everyone can do whatever they want with their hair. Do you see those decorative stones on the floor surrounding the flower-patch next to our table? I'm going to use my hair to pick some of them up.”
Hans looks at her and says, “Are you serious?”
“Yes I am,” she says. The tips of her hair quickly transform into several bundles of snake-like bodies that are now independently swaying in different directions above the floor. Slowly they zero in on the ground. Each strand coils around a separate stone, picks it up and deposits it on the table. As her hair returns to normal, she looks triumphantly at Hans who is breathing quite heavy by now.
“That’s amazing,” he mumbles, while wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“It’s very simple,” Luella says. “It’s the power of the mind. Pay attention. I’ll show you another one.”
“Wow,” Hans says, “I can hardly wait.”
Luella looks at him with piercing eyes. “What do you think will happen if somebody grabs my hair without my permission?”
Slightly upset, Hans says, “How could anybody be so rude?”
“In the underworld, which I visit from time to time,” she answers, “the monsters can get very frisky. What do you think I do in that case?”
Hans shrugs his shoulders. “Just tell them to let go, I guess.” 
“Come on Hans. You got to be kidding. I’ll show you. Go ahead and grab my hair.”
Hans grabs her hair and immediately drops it because of a firm electric shock he just received. 
Luella bursts out laughing, “That was nothing! When I am in danger, the shock is at least a hundred times worse, and if I am surrounded and attacked, my whole body becomes an energy field firing millions of lightning bolts in all directions. Come on, I'll show you another trick. Go ahead grab my hair again. Don't worry, there will be no electricity this time.”
Hans cautiously reaches for Luella's hair. As soon as he grabs it, it curls around his wrists so fast, that within seconds he is totally immobilized. She now pulls him in and says: “Looks like you are my prisoner now.” She plants a firm kiss on his lips before releasing him.
“Well Hans,” she says. “I just want you to know that everyone in Heaven controls their environment with the power of the mind. This stuff with the hair is just a small example, and by the way, Nicolette taught me all of that.”
“How come she never showed me any hair  tricks?” Hans says irritably.”
Luella laughs. “Be serious, Hans. Nicolette is your private goddess. She has to act mature.”  Impishly smiling, she puts her arms around his neck and says, “I am your baby.  I don’t have to act mature.  Come on, let me show you a nice comfortable room upstairs where we can relax a little better instead of here on the sofa.”
Torn between conflicting desires, Hans, struggles to find the right words. “Luella, I love to please you but I’m afraid I can’t.”
“It’s alright, Hans,” Luella says. “You don’t have to do anything you are not comfortable with, but what’s the problem? I won’t hurt you. You are my creator. I worship you.”
“Luella,” Hans says nervously, “I have a problem that I need to talk about.”
“I love to help you, Hans,” Luella gently takes his hand.
Hesitating a moment Hans proceeds cautiously. “I have started to like you—eh—I mean, love you—in the short time that we have been together, but I have a wonderful girlfriend named Tina on Earth and I don’t want to cheat on her.”
“Hans, Hans,” Luella says laughingly. “I would be furious if you would hurt Tina but you are not cheating on her. Your physical body is lying right next to her in bed! You are just going to have a little wet-dream with me. I can never be the other woman in your life because I live in this world and not on Earth. Besides, aren’t you also sleeping with my sister, Luana?”
Caught off guard by that last bit of compelling logic, Hans needs several seconds to recompose himself. 
“Take all the time you want, Hans.”
After several moments, Hans says, “Tina told me once about her wet dreams and how much she enjoyed them. I remember us both laughing at them.”
“See,” Luella says. “On Earth, girlfriends and wifes are allowed to have wet-dreams, but boyfriends and husbands are not. It’s a double standard. The morality in Heaven is much more relaxed from what it is on Earth. We don't have the exclusive barriers that you have. Over here we are all brothers and sisters and we take care of each other. As shape shifters anyone can look the way they want.”
Wrapping her hair again around Hans’ neck. “The rules on Earth are absolutely essential because everybody is in constant danger of poverty, old age, sickness, injury, or death. Over here, no one lacks anything.”
“Mentally I agree with you one hundred percent, Luella,” Hans says. “but I can’t get rid of the feeling that I am cheating on Tina when I get close to you. Why would God have different rules for different places?”
Luella gently massages his shoulders. “The foundation of love is the same everywhere. It is about compassion and respect. Heaven is a place of perfection. We have no bad side effects to making love. Deception is impossible because we are mind readers. That is why I love you, Hans.  I can read your mind, even though you can’t read mine.”
Throwing her hair behind her, Luella continuous. “Why be jealous if everyone can have everything they want simply by wishing for it?” 
With a big sigh of relief, Hans says, “Alright, Luella, you just convinced me. Show me that comfortable room upstairs.”
Taking Hans by the hand, they fly up a long winding stairway to a luxurious bedroom in the top of one of the towers. “You will finally get to enjoy the fruits of your labor,” she says laughingly while taking her clothes off.
Hans does the same. Wild with passion he grabs Luella. He quickly wraps her hair around his left hand and wrist and starts wrestling her into submission. 
“Easy! Easy!” Luella laughs. “You are acting like a lion who just caught a lamb. How about a little sensitivity please.”
Remembering everything Tina taught him, Hans becomes real sensitive. Admiring her gorgeous body, he starts massaging every inch of her until Luella becomes uncontrollably passionate. “Do it Hans, do it,” she finally gasps. Hans doesn’t need to be told twice. Abandoning all his cautions and hang-ups he lets himself completely go. Now they both are going at it real strong working up to an explosive climax. When both are totally satisfied, they relax in each other’s arms gently kissing while whispering sweet nothings.
 “Did you like it?” Luella finally asks:
“Absolutely,” Hans gasps: “You were fantastic. I love you! Did you like it too?”
“The best,” Luella says, trying to catch her breath. “I love you more. Please keep hugging me.”
Pushing his nose deep into her rose-scented hair, Hans embraces her real tight. After kissing each other passionately for several more  minutes, Luella gets serious again.
“Alright sweetheart, It's time to go back to the patio and see Nicolette, but there is something very important we need to do first.”
“What is that, Luella?”
“We need to establish a secret signal by which you and I will always be able to recognize each other,” Luella whispers while looking real serious.
“Come on, Luella, I’m the one who created you. I’d recognize you anywhere. Why bother with a signal?”
“Ah, how soon we forget.” Luella sighs shaking her head in dismay. “You didn’t recognize me as Lulu, did you?”
“That’s true, but you had your hair all the way up and you caught me off guard.”
“Yes I did, so that was a simple situation. In this world, shapeshifting is as common and much faster than changing your clothes on Earth. In Heaven we never get confused by looks because we use soul-recognition, but that’s still new to you. Suppose you were suddenly surrounded by ten women, all looking and acting like me and claiming to be me. What would you do?”
“Well,” Hans says while frowning. “I would probably be counting my blessings.”
“Very funny, Hans,” Luella says shaking her head. “Please, be serious for a moment. Occasionally, you and I will travel into the lower regions where bad things can happen. If I’m not with you, a demonic entity could confront you by looking and acting exactly like me, How can you know immediately if it is me, or a fake?”
“Okay, Luella, I think I understand. You need some type of a signal that only I can recognize, right?”
“Right. Think of something I can do without anyone detecting it,” Luella says.
“I have a perfect one,” Hans smiles. “It’s the universal Earth signal for a dire emergency. It’s the Morse code for S.O.S.”
“Great,” Luella says. “I know nothing about S.O.S.. How do I transmit that signal to you, without anybody noticing?”
“Simple,” Hans says. After I grab your hand, you squeeze it nine times in a row. Three fast—three slow—and three fast.” Let’s practice it until you get it right.
After Luella has it perfected, Hans says, “How about you, Luella, do you need a signal from me, in case someone is trying to impersonate me?”
“Quit being funny,” Luella chuckles. “I need nothing. I can see your soul. Let's go to the balcony and fly down.”
Holding hands they gracefully glide away from the castle and return to the garden.
“Listen,” Luella says, “Nicolette is still on the patio and she has three visitors with her. They are Mary, Mariam, and Jesus himself.” She grabs Hans by the hand “Come, let's meet the three of them.”
Luella opens the door and walks inside pulling Hans behind her. Soon they are at the table where Nicolette and her distinguished guests are sitting. 
Hans and Luella are both received with open arms. 
While Luella is hugging Jesus and the two distinguished ladies, Nicolette embraces Hans. “How did the both of you do?” She asks.
“Fantastic,” Hans says. “She is unbelievable. We seem to have so much in common. I can’t get over it. I don’t know how to thank you.”
Kissing him on the cheek, Nicolette says. “Thank yourself, You did a great job creating her. She is the best of what’s in you.”
Hans fails to hear that last statement since his eyes are riveted on Jesus. Hans is literally stunned. This is not exactly the Jesus he has been used to seeing in pictures and paintings. The person walking up to him is tall, dark, handsome, and athletic. He has thick, wavy hair, shorter than traditionally depicted and without a part. His bold dark eyebrows are firmly set above a pair of clear, greenish blue eyes. His beard and moustache are full but neat and casual.
“Hans Seeker,” Jesus says smilingly. “I've been looking forward to meeting you. Nicolette has told me a lot about you.”
“Oh no,” Hans mumbles, “That's not good.”
“Relax,” Jesus says, slapping him on the back. “I tried very hard to get some dirt on you, but she had nothing but praise and admiration.”
“Wow, that is encouraging,” Hans wipes the sweat off his forehead.
“Come, I want you to meet my earthly mother.”
As soon as Mary sees Hans, she wraps her arms around him. “So, you are Hans, the great protector of all women.  Nicolette has told me a lot about you and yes, it was all good. She told me you play the guitar. Well, next time we meet, I want you to join Nicolette and me for some good music. We would make a good trio, you know.”
Hans politely replies, “Well, thank you, Mary, but I’m a little rusty on the guitar. Maybe after a few months of practice.” 
Jesus quickly interrupts and says, “Excuse us Mary, I want Hans to meet Mariam.” Looking at Hans he explains, “Her real name is Mary Magdalene, but over here we call her Mariam.
While Mariam is hugging Hans, Jesus cautiously says, “Careful dear. Hans really loves long hair.”
“Give the guy a break,” Mariam replies smilingly, “He can play with my hair if he wants to. He is in Heaven, isn't he?”
“See Hans,” Jesus smiles, “Everybody loves you.”
Jesus now looks sternly at Luella. “Okay you. Tell me about Hans. He didn’t try to get fresh with you, did he?”
With a happy smile, Luella says, “Hans has been a perfect gentleman. I taught him everything about hair, the long and the short of it. He should be able to lecture on that subject by now.”
“Great,” Jesus says. Looking at Hans, he continues, “What about Luella. Did she behave like a lady? She didn't tie you up with her long hair or try to electrocute you, did she?” 
Hans, stumbling over his words, says “Ah—she—ah—she was fine.” 
Jesus gasps. “Luella, shame on you, attacking him with your long hair and almost electrocuting the poor guy. What's wrong with you?”
Luella just laughs and says: “Come on Jesus, he loved every second of it.”
Giving him a hug, Jesus says, “You’re alright Hans,” I’m very happy to have you with us, and don’t worry, You’ll get your interview in a few minutes.”
As Jesus walks over to talk to Mariam, Hans looks curiously at Nicolette and says: “Luella told me that you can do all kinds of things with your hair too. Is that true?”
Nicolette responds: “Of course. Remember the fifteen foot woman of gold who rescued you from the monsters? This is the world of mind. We can look like anything or anyone we want, and nobody ever gets confused, because we use soul recognition instead of body recognition. You will eventually learn how to do it too.
After a few moments, Jesus returns and takes Hans aside. “Come, let’s get a nice table at the end of the patio where we can talk.”




CHAPTER 7.  MEETING JESUS

“Well, Hans,” Jesus says, “You are finally getting the interview you wanted. You can ask me anything you like, but first, tell me more about yourself. Why do you want this interview and what are you planning to do with it?”
“I’ll gladly tell you,” Hans says with a grim look on his face. “From the time I was born I’ve been brainwashed with tons of conflicting and downright false information. I’m at the point now where I have rejected everything. How can I possibly love my neighbor and follow the commandment of ‘Thou shalt not kill,’ if the God giving those orders is covered with the blood of millions of his victims?”
“Easy Hans,” Jesus says smilingly. “If you want to last ten rounds with me, pace yourself. I know your background.  Just tell me what you are planning to do with all this information after you have it?”
“I plan to lecture again,” Hans says with a determined look in his eyes, “and this time it will be based on the truth as I get it from you. I want to know the real facts about Christianity especially the stuff about salvation and damnation. From here on out everything I lecture on will be based on personal knowledge and experience instead of faith, assumptions, and hearsay.”
Jesus leans back from the table. “The truth you will get, Hans, but first I have some questions for you. Tell me about your own beliefs, the ones you rarely mention to others.”
Hans, thrown off guard by that unexpected request starts with an apology.  “Ah, um, Jesus, please—forgive me—but, eh—”
“Don’t panic, Hans,” Jesus smiles. “Your soul is an open book to me.  I see an honest person who wants real answers.  Just talk.”
“Fine,” Hans sighs.  “I have recently become an agnostic. I don't trust the Bible, I refuse to worship Jehovah, and I can't see how your mission on Earth has been a success if at least a thousand people go to Hell for every one that goes to Heaven.”
“Wow, that many?” Jesus chuckles.  “Don’t worry. We will cover it all.” 
Moving his chair closer to the table, Jesus continues. “Why are you an agnostic and what does agnosticism mean to you?”
“I am an agnostic because it is impossible to find truth without objectively looking at all the evidence for and against,” Hans says. “As an agnostic I keep my mind open to all possibilities, neither accepting nor rejecting anything without facts.  I believe that faith without facts is either theory or illusion. However, theory is always the first step towards knowledge, but it must be constantly revised to fit the facts as they reveal themselves.”
“Excellent, Hans. You are finally doing your own thinking. Tell me, what's the difference between atheism and agnosticism?”
Hans looks determined. “Atheism is a religion that preaches the non-existence of God or life after death. Just like any religion, atheism is based on faith because it refuses to consider any evidence that is different from its own doctrines. Agnosticism, on the other hand, is totally objective. It believes that God, or life after death, are possibilities waiting for evidence to support or reject them.”
“That’s a good start,” Jesus says, looking pleased. “Now that I know that you are open minded, go ahead and ask me anything you like.

The Real Method Of Salvation.
Hans, taking a quick breath of relief, starts with his first question.
“Did you write any of the material in the New Testament?”
Jesus replies.  “No. I wrote nothing.  Everything in the New Testament has been documented by my disciples, apostles, and other followers.  They simply wrote what they honestly believed to be my teachings, but they didn’t always get it right.”
Pausing briefly Jesus continues. “My disciples worshiped the very ground I walked on which is strongly reflected in their writings, but no matter how devoted they were to me, none of them truly understood my mission on Earth.  All of them believed that I came to deliver them from the Roman occupation.  Judas was so convinced of it that he got impatient.  He formed a plan to have me captured so that I would be forced to start the revolution immediately.  When Judas discovered that I refused to fight, he felt so remorseful about his betrayal that he pleaded with my captors to get me released.  When that failed, he literally went to pieces and killed himself.”  Jesus stops, his eyes misting over.
“Please tell me Jesus. What was your mission?”
“My mission was not to wage war against anything or anyone, but to teach that LOVE IS THE HIGHEST LAW IN THE UNIVERSE AND THE ONLY ROAD TO SALVATION.” Jesus leans back in his chair and is silent.
Hans waits several seconds to make sure Jesus is finished, then asks, “Where did your followers go wrong?”
Intently looking at Hans, Jesus slowly sits up.  “There is a secret hidden in the New Testament that the majority of Christians are totally unaware of even though it is in plain sight of everyone.  It is within the first four chapters of the New Testament.  Do you have any idea what I am talking about?”
Hans, looking puzzled, “No I don't.  I have read Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John at least four times.  It describes your birth, life, ministry, and death.  Is there anything I missed?”
“Yes, you probably have,” Jesus replies,  “Those first four books contain my true method of Salvation which I taught with words and actions wherever I went.  It was never understood by my disciples nor any of my followers so they created their own method of Salvation believing that it was mine.  As a result, their method, and not mine, is now universally accepted by Christianity.”
Hans gasps in awe and slowly mumbles—“Wow, the real method of Salvation—not recognized by the Christian Church today?” Filled with curiosity he leans over and begs. “Please tell me, Jesus.  What is in those first four books that everybody missed?”
Jesus moves closer to Hans.  He speaks slowly and with great emphasis. “The method I preached consistently for three years is so simple that no one took it seriously. Listen closely—Here it is—Anyone who loves unselfishly and does Good Works based on that love, even though he does not know my name, will be saved because he is doing my will. Love is the fulfilling of the law.  It overrides everything else.  Without unselfish love, or works based on that love, there is no Salvation—That's all there is to it Hans, nothing more, nothing less.”  Jesus leans back in his chair and is silent again.
Hans, slightly confused, sits up straight. “Jesus, how can you talk about good works? The Bible clearly says that man's good works are as filthy rags in the eyes of God.”
“Aha, good question.” Jesus responds. “The hypocritical so called  ‘Good Works’ of Scribes, Pharisees, Sadducees, and the rich, are indeed as filthy rags in the eyes of God, but it does not apply to the loving, compassionate, respectful actions of people like the Good Samaritan, Mother Theresa, the Dalai Lama, Nelson Mandela, and many other true humanitarians. All good deeds, done on a foundation of unselfish love, are as precious jewels in the eyes of God and they will surely get you to Heaven.”

The Lost Key To The Scriptures.
After a small pause, Hans decides the ask Jesus to elaborate on one of the most fundamental doctrines of Christianity. 
“Please explain, Jesus. The Bible clearly says that no one can come to the Father except through YOU!  Doesn’t that mean that people from other religions, like the ones you just mentioned, are automatically lost and go straight to Hell?”
“No, it does not, Hans. The true meaning of Salvation can never be understood, without the key that unlocks it.  All of my disciples had that key, but none of them knew how to use it.”
Jesus sighs and continues. “There were only two people who truly understood my mission on Earth and what I taught.  They were my mother, Mary, and my dear friend and unofficial thirteenth disciple, Mary Magdalene.  Those two women were the only ones who understood that key and knew how to use it.”
Looking at Hans with piercing eyes. “Please, pay close attention—There is a key to the first four books of the New Testament, Hans—Without that key—Salvation can never be understood by anyone.”
Hans gasps. “Please, tell me! What is that key?”
Jesus briefly pauses before continuing. “Every spoken and written word in every language is nothing more than a symbol of something it represents. The same is true of any person’s name.  A person’s name symbolizes everything that person is—does—and says. The same is true of my name and all references to me—My name is just a symbol. It symbolizes the essence of me which is everything I did and preached. Let’s look at those things.
I loved everyone unconditionally.
I healed the sick, cast out demons, and raised the dead, regardless of gender, background, or religion.
I never took away freedom of choice from anyone.
I never forced anyone to accept my teachings against their will.
I never carried any banners, nor picketed anything,
I never passed any law nor declared a war against anything.
I willingly was captured, beaten, and crucified.
I even prayed for the soldiers who nailed me to the cross.
So, tell me Hans. What is the essence of me, of which my name is the symbol?”
Without hesitation, Hans says.  “It’s got to be LOVE, Jesus,  pure LOVE!”
“Right,” Jesus smiles.  “We are what we do. My name and all references to me symbolizes LOVE, and that is the key to the sentence ‘No one comes to the Father, except through Jesus.’  Translate it Hans.”
Hans cries, “NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER, EXCEPT THROUGH LOVE!”
“Excellent,” Jesus smiles.  “LOVE is the key to the first four books of the New Testament.—Whenever you come to the word ‘Jesus’ or any other reference to me, substitute it with the word ‘LOVE’ and you will know the true meaning of my mission on Earth and the only path to Salvation.”
Hans is literally stunned by what he just heard.  After being speechless for a good ten seconds he asks the logical next question. 
“How do you know that your followers didn’t understand the essence of unselfish love?”
“Oh, that’s simple, Hans.  Ever since my death on the cross my followers have been using threats of hell, damnation, torture, and murder to force people into following my teachings the way they saw it. No one, except Mary, my mother, and Mary Magdalene, understood my message of unselfish love. No one understood that loving your neighbor like yourself is the only path to salvation.” 
Hans suddenly interrupts Jesus, “But what about the traditional teaching that you came to Earth to be crucified as payment for the original sin of mankind, so that anyone who accepts you as their personal Lord and Savior can go straight to Heaven as a free gift?”
“Those are the teachings of my disciples and apostles, Hans. The simple message of love wasn’t good enough for them. They had to make it complicated. The truth is that anyone who accepts ME as their Lord and Savior, is accepting LOVE as their Lord and Savior and anyone who accepts LOVE, will go to Heaven as a free gift. My message of love was the reason I got nailed to the cross. I had to be tortured, killed and resurrected to prove that love is indeed the highest law and the greatest power in the Universe.”
Pausing briefly, Jesus continues. “Everyone who loves and helps the least of the least has automatically accepted me as their Lord and Savior even if they never heard my name. That’s what the parable of The-Good-Samaritan is all about. The road to Heaven is love and good works based on love. Sin is simply any violation against love.”
“But Jesus,” Hans cries, “How do you explain the following Biblical statement? ‘For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him,  should not perish but have everlasting life.’”
“Very simple, Hans. Substitute the key elements of that statement with the word LOVE and you have the true meaning. Go ahead, say it.”
Hans promptly states, “For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, LOVE, that whosoever believeth in LOVE, should not perish but have everlasting life.”
“There you go.” Jesus folds his arms across his chest. “The power of Love is self-evident wherever it is practiced. Love is its own proof. The jigsaw puzzle of Love consists of countless different pieces, and all of them are acceptable to me.”
“But Jesus, there are many Christians who insist that Faith is more important than Love.  They say that one can only be saved by Faith. They actually say that Mother Theresa would have gone straight to Hell if, during her life, she had never accepted you, by Faith, as her personal Lord and Savior.”
Shaking his head in frustration, Jesus sighs. “The Bible clearly says, there is Faith, Hope, and Love, and the greatest of these is Love. Faith means Faith in Jesus, and Faith In Jesus means Faith in Love. You don’t have to be a Christian in order to go to Heaven, for I am the love that is in all legitimate religions. Without that love and practicing it, there is no salvation. The good Samaritans of this Earth, both Christians and non-Christians certainly go to Heaven because they are doing my will which is to love their neighbors as themselves and that’s all I ask and all I care about.”
Greatly impressed, Hans looks at Jesus. “This idea of your name being the symbol of Love is fascinating. Could you simplify it a little so that it can be easier to grasp?”
Jesus firmly responds. “The statement that no one comes to the father, except through JESUS means that no one comes to the father except through LOVE, for I AM LOVE, and LOVE is all you need.”

Jehovah’s Perfection.
Hans is totally silent. He tries to figure out how to diplomatically bring up the toughest question Jesus hasn’t addressed yet.
“Jesus, all that talk about love is wonderful, but there is a little problem. What about the very foundation of Christianity which requires that humans must be absolutely perfect before they can enter into the presence of the perfect Jehovah? Since Jehovah does not distinguish between the serious crimes of Hitler, and the accidental pocketing of someone else’s pen, both deserve eternal death in Hell. It’s precisely that requirement for absolute flawless perfection that made it necessary for you to die on the cross as punishment for our sins, so that everyone, who accepts that on faith, can go to Heaven as a free gift of grace. How am I doing so far, Jesus?”
With a smile of satisfaction, Jesus replies, “Excellent, Hans. You just expressed traditional Christianity in a nutshell as taught by my followers. We have finally arrived at a very crucial subject, namely Jehovah, the God you have renounced.”
“Amen,” Hans says.
Looking very intense, Jesus sighs. “The Mother God, has already discussed Jehovah with you, but now I will do it in far greater detail, especially in regard to his requirement for absolute perfection. Let’s briefly review Jehovah’s mission.”
Jesus sounds very serious. “Jehovah was supposed to take the Jews and turn them into the chosen people. Being that the Jews were highly rebellious and confrontational, Jehovah had to be merciless. Absolute perfection was required of them in obeying the Law.”
Jesus leans back in his chair. “However—a warlord is the last thing in the world you need, Hans. Your job is to follow my teachings of pure love and compassion. You have already been striving to do that most of your life. Certainly you haven’t been perfect but no one is. You have lusted after many women but you never acted on it. Instead you have always treated women with great respect. That’s why they trust and love you so much. In spite of what Christianity has been trying to teach you about the absolute need for perfect perfection, reaching perfection is impossible because it is an eternal journey. You have to keep striving for it.”
Crossing his legs for greater comfort, Jesus continues. “Absolute perfection can never be reached by anyone. It’s like trying to reach the horizon. The closer you get, the further it moves away. Bottom line. You will never reach it.”
“Except for the Heavenly Parents, of course,” Hans interjects with a knowing look on his face. “They are the only ones who are absolutely perfect.”
“Absolutely, Hans. From your point of view, the Heavenly Parents are perfect, but from Their point of view, they are still growing and developing for perfection is relative. Learning never stops for anyone, not even the gods.”
Hans scratches his head, “I think you just locked horns with Jehovah, Jesus. Jehovah makes no bones about his absolute, infallible perfection.” 
“It certainly seems that way,” Jesus smiles. “We have now arrived at a very crucial point. As a scientist it’s your job to question everything, Hans. Always keep asking why, why, and more why. No true god will ever punish you for asking questions, for true gods have nothing to hide. For the record, the Old Testament was written by people who were inspired by Jehovah. They did the best they could. Unfortunately there is no original, hand written, signed manuscript from Jehovah himself, so let us stick with the Bible the way it is. If Jehovah claims to be absolutely perfect, you have the right to question Him.”
Stunned by that last comment, Hans says, “But Jesus, even though I agree with you, how can I possibly question Jehovah?”
“You’ve already done so in your heart, Hans.  Listen closely. There are two concepts of perfection. There is Jehovah’s concept based on what he says in the Old Testament, and there is your concept based on what you assume. There is a radical difference between those two.” 
“Without a doubt,” Hans says.  “Jehovah’s standard of perfection can never be achieved because it is astronomically high.”
“That is indeed the universal belief, Hans, but it is totally wrong.  The truth is that Jehovah’s standard of perfection can be easily achieved by the average person.”
“Jesus, please!” Hans gasps. With eyes big as saucers, he leans forward feverishly grabbing the edge of the table. “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
“No, Hans,” Jesus says calmly. “Everyone has it backwards. People assume that salvation requires absolute perfection, but Jehovah mentions over and over again that you only have to be as perfect as He is in order to see the Kingdom of Heaven and, thank goodness, Jehovah’s standard of perfection is quite achievable by the average person.” 
Hans, not believing his ears, is beginning to feel faint.
Pausing briefly, Jesus continues. “Let’s take a closer look at Jehovah’s idea of perfection. Don’t base it on what he says. Base it on what he does.”
“Great.” Hans wipes the sweat off his forehead. “Go on.”
“Do you know that Jehovah has admitted at least once that he made a huge mistake?”
“Yes I do.” Hans says, forcing himself to calm down.  “In Genesis 6, verses 5, 6, and 7,  he admits having failed miserably with his creation of people.  As a result, he decided to destroy all of mankind in the flood and start again from scratch with Noah and his family.”
“Well, Hans?” Jesus looks at him with raised eyebrows. “Looks like Jehovah just dropped down a notch, right?”
“Wow. One hair short of absolute perfection,” Hans sighs.
Leaning back in his chair, Jesus continues, “As a scientist you will probably agree that claims of anything don’t mean much if the evidence is missing. What do you think about the Fruits-of-the-Spirit  as evidence of perfection?”
Hans instantly replies. “They have to be the absolute minimum for anyone claiming to be perfect.”
“I agree,” Jesus says. “How many of  those fruits are present in Jehovah?”
“Come to think of it—I don’t know of any!” Hans scratches his head in disbelieve while thoughtfully going down the list of the fruits. “Love, Joy, Peace, Patience, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, and Self-control. They seem to be totally missing in Jehovah.”
Jesus smiles. “Very interesting—What about Humility?”
Hans chuckles, “Are you kidding, Jesus? He is always bragging about his greatness.”
Jesus smiles, “My goodness.  How about Pacifism? Surely you know about his Sixth Commandment, which is the Fifth one for Roman Catholics.  It’s always quoted by Pro-Lifers.”
With an air of frustration, Hans says,  “Yes, I’m familiar with ‘THOU SHALT NOT KILL,’ but that is in direct opposition with Jehovah’s unwritten Eleventh Commandment which says, ‘Kill Every Man Woman And Child That Stands Between You And The Promised Land.’”
“You’re in high gear now, Hans,” Jesus says, “The blood of Jehovah’s victims is indeed on the majority of the pages of the Old Testament. I will defend Jehovah on that later on.”
Jesus takes a deep breath. “But what about his merciful forgiveness? That would be a nice sign of perfection, wouldn’t it? Surely you have something good to say about that.”
Hans is really getting worked up now.  “Don’t get me started, Jesus. If the godfather of the Mafia tells you not to eat his favorite apple and you do it anyway, he’ll kill you—but he won’t touch your wife or your children. In Jehovah’s case—You, your family,  and all your descendants will be cursed for eternity, until a totally innocent perfect person, like you, Jesus, pays the price for it by being tortured and crucified.  It seems like the godfather of the Mafia is a very nice guy compared to Jehovah.”
Jesus smiles. “What about Jehovah’s self-control? You have to admit that’s pretty good, correct?”
Jumping out of his chair, Hans shouts, “Are you kidding, Jesus?  Jehovah has a temper like nitroglycerin in a cake-mixer!  How can he hold the universe together like that?”
“Aha, not too much perfection there, I agree,” Jesus dryly observes. “but surely you must be impressed by the way he took care of Pharaoh and enabled the Jews to escape from Egypt, right?”
With a mean look in his eyes, Hans hisses. “I don’t think so, Jesus.  Pharaoh didn’t have a chance. Every time Moses went up to him and said, ‘Let my people go, GOD HARDENED PHARAOH’S HEART. It was a set-up!  Jehovah controlled Pharaoh’s mind! Jehovah could hardly wait to send those plagues!”
“Good observation, Hans, but you have to admit that Jehovah is very good at answering prayers.”
Barely able to control himself, Hans cries, “Give me a break, Jesus. ASK-AND-YOU-SHALL-RECEIVE, but ONLY-IF-IT-IS-IN-MY-WILL, and then ONLY-IN-MY-TIME—which may be never because, MY-GRACE-SHALL-BE-SUFFICIENT-UNTO-YOU.  If I told that to my boss, I would not only be fired on the spot, I would be tossed out of the tenth floor window. Besides, there is never a response. You never know if the answer is YES, NO, or HAVE PATIENCE.”
“Slow down Hans,” Jesus says soothingly. “you’re attacking me now. I’m partly responsible for those statements. I will comment on them later. Can’t you at least try to love Jehovah a little bit instead of completely rejecting him?”
Feverishly clamping the armrests of his chair, Hans hisses, “I have tried to do that for a long time, until I read Revelation 3:19.  Jehovah clearly says there, ‘I Continually Discipline And Punish Everyone I Love.’ That was the final straw. I knew I had to get rid of Jehovah as fast as possible before it was too late!”
Jesus chuckles. “Try to stay calm, Hans. Let’s talk about policies of fairness and consistency now. Surely you can give him credit there.”
Hans jumps out of his chair. “Now we are dealing with double standards, Jesus. I am loaded with anger. King Solomon was allowed to have seven-hundred wifes and three-hundred mistresses, while I am supposed to be celibate!!!”
Shaking his head again, Jesus says, “Really, Hans. You have no idea how lucky you are without all those women.”
“That’s not the point!” Hans shouts while turning red. “It’s the principle! What about King David? He was allowed to sleep with a nice young girl to keep him warm during cold winter nights. I always have to grab an extra blanket.”
“Hold on, Hans,” Jesus laughs. “Have some mercy. King David was a feeble old man when he was doing that. Besides, do you really think that you can get a good night sleep with a woman in your arms?”
“I sure wouldn’t mind trying,” Hans growls.
“I am sure you wouldn’t,” Jesus chuckles. “Anyway, that’s enough about Jehovah. I stepped you through this whole analysis to demonstrate that Jehovah’s standard of perfection is quite achievable.  When the Bible says that you must be as perfect as the Father in Heaven, you have nothing to worry about. You’ll be just fine the way you are. Strive for perfection on a daily basis and don’t worry about not reaching it. All you need to do is  practice loving your neighbors like yourself, and even your enemies if possible.”

In Defense Of Jehovah.
Jesus gets very serious now. “Listen, Hans. We have just enjoyed ourselves at the expense of Jehovah, who, under normal circumstances is very loving and kind, but back in the Old Testament things were anything but normal. The Dark-Side had overtaken the world to such an extent that any light remaining was nothing more than a glimmer. Total darkness was imminent.” 
Sighing deeply, Jesus leans back. “Anytime a situation like that occurs, God must take drastic measures to restore normalcy even if it includes the destruction of millions of people. That was the case in Noah’s time. All of mankind had become so corrupt that everything had to be destroyed by the flood. It was successful for a while but it didn’t last long. Soon the forces of evil got the upper hand again.”
“Oh, my goodness,” Hans gasps.
Jesus continuous. “Because of the total depravity of the Canaanites who offered human sacrifices to their demonic gods, serious housecleaning was unavoidable. Instead of another flood, God chose the Jewish people, an unorganized group of desert sheep herders, to do the job, but because the Jews were an undisciplined and rebellious group, Jehovah had to harshly beat them into submission for the mission ahead. Strict law and order was enforced with harsh consequences for anyone who wouldn’t listen.
When finally ready, Jehovah ordered them to destroy every Canaanite they met on the way to the promised land, thus preparing the way for the eventual arrival of me and my message of LOVE being the highest law and the greatest power in the universe.” Jesus leans forward and puts his folded arms on the table while somberly mumbling, “The same destruction may happen again, Hans, perhaps as soon as 2100 or earlier.”
“How come so soon, Jesus?”
“Do the math, Hans—the Mother-God explained it to you earlier—A massive decline in spirituality with a massive increase of scientific knowledge resulting in a worldwide availability of nuclear weapons, not to mention other things like global warming and rising sea levels—What does that equal, Hans?”
“I guess the end of civilization, Jesus.  It’s like giving handguns to toddlers on the playground.” 
“Right,” Jesus sighs. “Just remember. In order to save the world from the Dark-Side, Jehovah had no choice but to be ruthless, and He may have to do it again. So, Hans, try to show some understanding the next time you want to criticize Jehovah.
“Okay, I’ll do my best,” Hans snaps.  “One thing makes no sense, though. If fighting the Dark-Side to preserve the light of love is so crucial, why did you allow yourself to be tortured and crucified without an ounce of resistance?”
“My mission was to prove that love is highest law in the universe. It’s up to my followers to focus on preserving the light of love and that sometimes includes having to die fighting for it. Fighting while radiating love is far superior than fighting while radiating hate, for love produces more love and hate produces more hate.

How To Accept The Bible.
“All right Jesus, next question. Many Christians insist that the Bible must be taken literally. Is that true, or must we interpret it?”
Jesus shakes his head in disgust while sighing deeply. “The Pharisees were masters of literal interpretation.  They could recite the scriptures frontwards and backwards without having the slightest idea what it meant. That’s why I called them blind guides, fools, serpents, vipers, and hypocrites. The Bible must always be interpreted, based on common sense, love and compassion.  It’s the essence that counts. I never believed in literal interpretations, that is why I used so many parables.” 

The Nature Of God.
Hans quickly moves on to the next question. “Jesus, What is the nature of God?”
“I’m glad you asked that, Hans. The essence of God is Love, Consciousness, and Wisdom. Without Love nothing can exist, not even Hell.”
“Wow, Jesus, that’s powerful stuff. Are you saying that there is actually love in Hell?”
“Yes, Hans. Love is the glue that  allows Satanic entities to work together as a team. Without that love, the monsters would rip each other apart.”
“Incredible,” Hans gasps. “You mean, without love we would have a Hell without demons?”
“That’s right. And if the love would further diminish, the very structure of Hell would vanish because nothing can exist without love.”
“Fascinating,” Hans mumbles. “How does lack of love apply to Earth?”
“Ah, good question,” Jesus says, moving closer to the table. “I’ll get to that shortly. Let us first examine what real love in Heaven is all about. Do you remember the love you felt when you met the Mother-God?”
“Oh my goodness, Jesus,” Hans mumbles with eyes misting over. “It was incredible. She embraced me like I was her son. She answered all my questions and rescued me from my past. She even allowed me to touch her hair.”
“Yes,” Jesus smiles. “That was an example of the pure love that is normal in Heaven. Over here, all of us are sons, and daughters of our Heavenly Parents. We are one with each other and the Father/Mother-God. Now let us take a look at Earth where fifty percent of love has been replaced by hate.” 
Jesus, getting very serious now, leans back in his chair.  “Love is the presence of God. It is the glue that holds the universe together. Right now Earth is on life-support. Satan has largely taken over causing mankind to continue to fracture into smaller and smaller groups. When love becomes still weaker, the gangs continue to split up into ever smaller competing gangs. Eventually they will all destroy themselves 
Pausing briefly, Jesus continues. “When all love is gone, the laws of physics break down and all matter vanishes in a blink of an eye. 
Thoughtfully Hans weighs the significance of everything he just heard. After a few seconds he asks the next question. “Can you tell me more about the Father/Mother-God? Why is one God not sufficient?”
“One God is indeed sufficient, Hans but just like a magnet there are two poles. The Father is the mind and the Mother is the heart. Both radiate their love equally to everyone, but the only way to receive that love is to tune into them with your own love.”
“I guess that means that anyone who lacks unselfish love, like sociopaths or psychopaths, is out of luck, right?”
“That’s right, Hans. If you have no love within you,  their love can never reach you.”
“That makes sense,” Hans says, nodding his head, “but why is nobody talking about the Mother-God?”
“Patriarchal governments and religions, Hans. They have done everything to destroy the evidence of a Mother-God. However, the believe that there must somehow be a Mother-God is so imbedded in human nature that Roman Catholicism has promoted Mary, as mediator between people and me, but  ask yourself. ‘If Mary is the only woman in the universe who was born without sin, how can she possibly not be a goddess?” 
“I love Mary,” Hans smiles, “You seem to suggests that all gods people believe in are manmade. Am I right?”
“That’s pretty much the truth, Hans. Most gods are created in the image of their human creators. The closest people can ever come to knowing the Ultimate Divinity is through interpretation, and there is nothing wrong with that as long as you see Him or Her as pure love.”
“What about idol worship?”
“Any idol symbolizing pure love is acceptable because God is pure love.”
Hans takes a deep breath. “If you are the Son of God, then what are we?” 
Folding his arms, Jesus sighs. “This is one area where I have been totally misunderstood. “I clearly mentioned during my ministry that MY FOLLOWERS SHALL DO GREATER WORKS THAN I DID.”  That would be a colossal lie unless my followers are literally my real brothers and sisters.”
Hans chuckles. “Wow, that makes sense, Jesus. I can just imagine Michael Angelo telling his statues that they shall do greater works than he did, but what about Genesis 2:7?  It clearly says that Adam was made from the dust of the ground. I don’t see too much divinity there.” 
Jesus smiles. “And who made the dust of the ground, Hans?” 
Quietly Hans sighs. “Okay, Jesus, I get your point.”
“Right, and that dust only applies to your physical body, Hans. Your spirit is part of the spirit of God which makes you and all other people real sons and daughters of God.
“But, Jesus, if we are part of the spirit of God, how come we don’t have His powers?”
“Babies are helpless too, Hans, yet they are humans. Our Heavenly-Parents are like the ocean. Their children are cups of water from that ocean. The ocean can absorb an infinite number of cups of water but no cup of water can ever absorb the ocean. Therefore, humans are baby-gods.”
“One more question about the Mother-God, Jesus. Why did you never mention her during your ministry?”
Hanging his head low, Jesus sighs. “They would have crucified me a lot sooner.”

Love, The Essence Of Religion.
Pausing briefly while stretching his legs, Hans continuous. “Jesus, there are thousands of religions and philosophies who insist that they alone have the truth.  How can you tell the right ones from the wrong ones?”
“Good question, Hans. The right ones are based on love. The bad ones don’t. The truth of any religion is directly proportional to the amount of love that is in it.  A religion without love is a tool of Satan.”
“Does that mean that any religion that preaches love is a path to Heaven?”
“Absolutely. Visualize a big mountain with God at the top. Some paths are easy while others are difficult, but eventually all paths will get you to the top.”
“Very good,” Hans smiles.  “How about atheists?”
“What do you think, Hans?”
Hans quickly responds. “Since atheists are convinced that there is no God, they won’t climb that mountain and ridicule the ones that do.” 
“Excellent,” Jesus says. “How about agnostics like yourself?”
Leaning back in his chair, Hans says, “Us agnostics neither believe nor disbelieve until we have proof, so we climb to the top to find out.”
“Well spoken,” Jesus says smilingly.

The Truth About Hell.
“Jesus, please tell me some more about Hell.” 
“Sure, Hans. Hell has a number of different levels. You start with a life review in purgatory during which you experience the pain and suffering you caused to others until true remorse is felt. Having learned where you need to improve, you will enter Heaven where you get to enjoy all the kindness and love you radiated to others. 
For sociopaths and psychopaths it is the worst. Since they don’t have any love and are incapable of feeling sorry for the harm they did to others. They can never go to Heaven.” 
“Thank goodness,” Hans says with a sigh of relief.
“ I know how you feel. Hans, but as bad as Hell is, Earth is worse.”
Hans almost falls off his chair. “Please, Jesus,” he gasps. “How can Earth possibly be worse than Hell?”
“Very simple, Hans. Hell is fair while Earth is not. In Hell you only experience the suffering you inflicted on others and only as long as it takes you to feel remorse and own up to all the damage you did to others. 
On Earth everybody suffers regardless of whether they are innocent or guilty. Earth plays no favorites. There is no justice and nothing is fair. Good people are murdered. The most corrupt dictators are in charge of big companies and countries. Crime, hunger, discrimination, persecution, and slavery is rampant. Sickness, poverty, wars and natural catastrophes affect both the good and the bad. Lies and deception reigns supreme.”
“But why, Jesus? Why is the law of Cause-And-Consequence not doing its job?
Jesus responds. “Karma is often delayed on Earth because everyone must learn to do good without instant rewards and punishments.” 
Hans wonders. “Are you saying that the law of karma happens instantly in Hell but is often delayed on Earth?”
“That’s right, Hans. Everything in Hell is done according to the law of karma. It gets worse the lower you get until you reach the bottom That’s where the sociopaths and psychopaths end up. That place is indeed the end of the road. The suffering is horrendous. There are satanic monsters wielding whips and chains in an environment of never ending fire and brimstone.”
“I love the amenities,” Hans quips. “Is that for the rest of eternity?” 
“No Hans, only until a person is totally purified. For sociopaths and psychopaths that would take an eternity. That’s why God in his infinite mercy, has provided one exit out of Hell and that is a U-turn back to Earth.”
“So we get stuck with the trash,” Hans hisses through clenched teeth.
“I hate to say it, Hans, but yes that’s right.”

Instant Forgiveness Without Costs.
Sighing with relief, Hans now switches to a slightly different category. 
“Jesus, traditional Christianity seems to believe that any murderer or rapist, who, right before he dies accepts you as his Lord and Savior, will go straight to Heaven without being punished or having to make restitution.  Is that true?”
“Totally wrong, Hans. Eventually, everyone must face the consequences of their actions. If the person, admits guilt, and feels sincere remorse, he gets a second chance by going back to Earth. Restitution must always be made after forgiveness is given. Saul is the perfect example. He sent many Christians to their deaths until he ran into me on the road to Damascus. He changed his name to Paul and made restitution by spreading the Christian faith to the best of his understanding all over the world.”
“I believe you Jesus, but the Born-Agains won’t buy it. They’re hung up on total forgiveness without consequences.” 
“Again, Hans. That’s their problem.”
“I understand, Jesus, but can you explain it in a way that might make sense to them?”
“I’ll try.” Jesus says. “There are many Christians who actually believe that if Hitler had accepted me as his personal Lord and Savior right before his death, he would have jumped straight into Heaven.  There is a huge problem with that assumption, Hans—Do you have any idea what it is?”
“Well, yes, I think I do.” Hans mumbles, scratching his head. “As soon as the pearly gates open up, Hitler would instantly vanish because the love of Heaven dissolves evil instantly. In Hitler’s case there would be nothing left.”
“Exactly,” Jesus nods approvingly. “What if Hitler wouldn’t vanish, What then?”
Hans pauses several seconds before responding. “Alright. In that case I guess he actually enters the pearly gates. What’s he going to find there?”
“Simple, Hans. He will run into the millions of Jews he killed.”
“Whoops!” Hans says, raising his eyebrows. “Doesn’t look too good for Hitler does it?” 
“I guess not,” Jesus says. “Tell me what happens next.”
“I guess the chase is on,” Hans mumbles. “Everyone wants a piece of him.”
“You’re darn right, Hans. So where is he going to hide?”
“I don’t know, Jesus. Millions of Jews coming at you from all directions doesn’t look very encouraging. I suppose he gets out of those pearly gates real fast.”
“Better believe it, Hans, but they will follow him. Where do you think Hitler will be safe?”
“Probably in Hell where there are no Jews,” Hans surmises.
“You can say that again,” Jesus laughs.”
“Any hope for him after that?” Hans asks.
“Yes—Thanks to the infinite mercy of God, there is only one escape out of Hell and that’s back to Earth. May God have mercy on the poor mother who conceives him.”
Hans scratches his head. “If Hitler has to make restitution, how can he possibly pay for the millions of lives he destroyed?”
“He can’t, Hans. It would take millions of incarnations where he would have to be consumed with humanitarian pursuits, but in reality that never happens. Once a person becomes a sociopath or a psychopath all hope is lost. Eventually the Godhead will reabsorb them again as raw energy.”
“Before we continue, Jesus, are you suggesting that all the Jews Hitler killed are really in Heaven?”
“Absolutely, Hans, even some of the bad ones. Anyone who gets unjustly imprisoned, raped, or murdered receives mercy even if he never heard my name, because of the promises made in the Beatitudes, Matthew 5:3-10. Victims of horrendous physical and psychological abuse will normally stay in Heaven for rest and rehabilitation as long as it takes until they have completely recovered. ”

Reincarnation, Or One Life Only?
“Jesus, you seem to have hinted several times that reincarnation is a fact, but you never taught it.  Why is that?”
“I didn’t have to teach it, Hans. Reincarnation was a common believe two thousand years ago, but don’t worry. You only have to go back to Earth to learn that Love is the highest law in the universe. Once you get that, you only go back if you want to.” 
“What’s wrong with one life only, Jesus?”
“It makes God look cruel, incompetent, and unfair. If God has been creating trillions of babies over a period of thousands of years you have the right to expect that He should be darn good at it by now, but a world full of criminals and misfits shows the opposite. Reincarnation, on the other hand, makes God look loving and kind because He allows you to return and keep practicing until you finally learn that love is the highest rule in the universe.”

Satan And The Occult.
“What about the powers of Satan, witchcraft, the occult, and other non-Christian practices. Is it true that all those believers and practitioners go straight to Hell?”
“No they don’t, Hans. Satan has no power of his own. All power comes from God and all of them can be used for good or evil. Harry Potter, Superman, Spiderman, Wonder-woman and many other super-heroes would go straight to Heaven because they are doing my will by fighting crime and by rescuing the poor and the vulnerable.”

Can Atheists Go To Heaven?
Hans boldly asks the next question. “Can atheists go to Heaven?”
Jesus chuckles, “Why don’t you answer that one, Hans. You have given some good lectures on that subject.”
“Alright, Jesus. I think atheists can definitely go to Heaven, as long as they have tried to help the poor and unfortunates. In that case they should be able to tune into Heaven. The only problem is that you usually will never reach a place you don’t believe in, without outside help.”
“you are right, Hans. Extreme atheists often end up floating around like ghosts refusing to believe that they have died. Some of them may float around for centuries thinking that they are stuck in a nightmare. Eventually they are sent back to Earth because it’s the only place they believe in.”
“Very good, Jesus, but what about the ones who have been compassionate  humanitarians?”
“That changes everything, Hans. Atheists like that have done my will. They are quickly rescued and will be very surprised to find out that there is a Heaven without limitations where all their wishes will come true.”

Quantum Physics.
“Jesus is there anything at all that you can say to materialists who believe that life on Earth is the only reality and that there is nothing beyond death?”
“Please, Hans. Don’t waste your time with them. You already covered that particular issue with Godesha. Just stick to what she said.”
“I agree, Jesus, but I can’t help wracking my brain for something that might convince may be just a few atheists.”
“Alright, Hans, What is the fundamental building block of everything in the universe?”
“The atom.”
“Fine. How big is one atom?”
“My goodness, Jesus, you can easily fit two billion of them on the period at the end of a sentence.”
“Quite small indeed, Hans. Now let’s enlarge one atom to the size of a sports-arena. What do you see?”
“Nothing, Jesus. There is absolutely nothing to see, except for that little pea-sized nucleus, if you are lucky to find it.”
“Stop right there.” Jesus says, lifting his hand. That nucleus is quite a lot smaller than a pea. If the atom was the size of a sports-arena, the nucleus would be the size of a grain of sand. And, swirling around that super-small nucleus are a bunch of electrons which are two-thousand times smaller than the protons within that grain of sand. With other words, an atom is nothing more than a vacuum.”
Hans gets all excited. “So if an atom is basically a zero, it makes no difference by how many trillions and trillions you multiply it, the answer will always be a zero.”
“That’s right, Hans. So Earth and everything on it is practically no different from the vacuum of outer space.” 
“That’s correct.” Jesus says. “Earth only appears to be real just like your radio and TV programs that remain invisible until you tune in on the appropriate frequency. The physical universe is just another hologram occupying the same space but on different frequencies.
Hans mumbles, “I guess that explains why people who have near-death-experiences can move right through solid objects.”
“Exactly,” Jesus says, leaning back in his chair. “Earth is just another frequency similar to television and radio programs. The concept of a Heaven, Hell, and other supernatural worlds is perfectly normal, and so is life after death, near-death experiences, and other psychic phenomena. They all occupy the same space at the same time but on different frequencies.”
“Fascinating,” Hans mumbles, “and while we are at it, we may as well point out that there really is no such thing as a vacuum.”
“That’s true, Hans. The so-called vacuum of outer space is a massive ocean of seething energy far exceeding nuclear energy. It is an infinite amount of ever changing particles and antiparticles constantly popping in and out of existence and annihilating each other. One cubic meter of empty space or vacuum has enough power to boil all the oceans of the world.”
“Fascinating,” Hans says. “How about the weird behavior of quantum physics, Jesus?”
“What weird behavior are you talking about, Hans?”
“Well, Jesus. Even though quantum physics has led to useful technologies like transistors, lasers, super conductors, flat screen televisions, MRI machines, cell-phones, and lots more, we have no clue as to why it does what it does.  Quantum physics is defying all the rules of physics even though it works more accurate than any other rule in physics. Take for instance a quantum object like an electron. It can be in many places at the same time until we look at it. At that time it suddenly collapses as a single particle. Even as a single particle we can never figure out where it is next because of its unpredictable nature. It suddenly ceases to exist here and simultaneously appears there, without going through the intervening space. To make things worse, one quantum object instantly influences its correlated twin, no matter how far apart they are. When talking distance, I mean lightyears. According to Einstein nothing can go faster than light, but those correlated objects communicate with each other at the speed of thought. What the heck is going on?”
“Well,” Jesus smiles. “the atom is the doorway from the physical world to the spiritual world. The atom is not the fundamental building block of everything in the universe. Consciousness is the building block of the atom, and Consciousness is the essence of God. Let’s move on to another question.”
“Hold on, Jesus. What about that thing of God being pure love?”
“It’s both true, Hans. God is consciousness and pure love. God is the universe. Everything in his creation is part of his essence.”
Hans pauses briefly. “Wow. Jesus,” he finally gasps. “That’s a far cry from a mean old man with a long gray beard.”
“You got that right,” Jesus smiles. “Let’s move on.”

Gays And Lesbians.
“Jesus, the Christian community seems to believe that all LGBTQ people go straight to Hell. Could you comment on that please?”
“Ridiculous, Hans. Love is the highest law in the universe regardless of gender.”
Hans replies. “But why then is it condemned in the Old Testament?”
“Times have changed, Hans. Procreation was a sacred duty in the Old Testament because Earth was new and had to be populated. Today the Earth is overpopulated so reproduction is less of a priority.” 
“Alright, but what causes all these weird variances like lesbians, gays, transsexuals, and bisexuals? Are they disorders of the mind or spirit?” 
“No, Hans. In Heaven everyone is either male or female. Given the freedom to learn by experimentation, human spirits sometimes choose to be born in the opposite gender just to find out how the other half lives. Unusual, yes, wrong, no. To make things more complicated, gender and sexual orientation are two separate things. If regular outlets are blocked, the sex-drive tends to adept to whatever is available. But, regardless of what body you choose, you always maintain the feeling of the gender you basically are in Heaven. Many can’t handle it and resort to sex-change operations or worse. In addition, we also have men who are abusers of women. They are forced to be born as women in areas where they will get a good dose of their own medicine.”
“What about racial inequalities,” Hans asks.
“Same thing. Good people are allowed to be born in the race of their choice. Evil people are forced to be born into the race they hate.”
Hans asks, “What about sexually transmitted diseases. Are they God’s punishment for the so-called sinful perversions mentioned in Leviticus of the Old Testament?”
Jesus gasps. “No, they are not a punishment from God. They are usually self-inflicted due to a total absence of cleanliness and hygiene.”

Pro-Life Or Pro-Choice?
Hans now pops the real tough one.  “Jesus, a lot of Christians want to know if you are Pro-Life or Pro-Choice?”
Shaking his head in disbelieve, Jesus says, “It may surprise many Christians that I have never discussed Pro-Life or Pro-Choice during my ministry. For the record, Hans, I have always been PRO-LOVE, which is pro-life and pro-choice combined. Freedom of choice is the foundation of everything I taught.”
“Can you be more specific, Jesus? No Evangelical-Christian or Born-Again will ever believe what you just said.”
Jesus sits back and folds his arms. “Those are the Christians who don’t know their Bible. Let’s look at Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Where are my sermons in favor of pro-life and against Pro-choice? When did I ever talk about abortion, embryos, fetuses, or the unborn? Where are my sermons against killing or wars?  Did I ever lecture the Romans about their brutal crucifixions? NO! Yet I went inside the homes of those Romans to heal their sick and dying. My ministry has always been about caring for the least of the least without judging anyone. I have always been Pro-LOVE.” 
“Please, Jesus, I believe you, but the Pro-Lifers are all hung up on that commandment of ‘Thou Shalt Not Kill.’”
“I hate to disappoint them, Hans. I have never quoted that commandment because my ministry was about love. As far as the universal sixth commandment (Fifth one for Roman Catholics) is concerned, ‘THOU SHALT NOT KILL’ was meant for the Jews to be practiced among themselves only. It had nothing to do with the Canaanites or other heathens. As a matter of fact, God ordered the Jews to kill every man, woman, and child that stood between them and the promised land. The blood of Jehovah’s victims are all over the majority of the pages of the Old-Testament.” 
“I think you just opened up a hornet’s nest with Christians, Jesus. Could you please explain why Pro-Life is not as crucial as most Christians think?”
“Sure, Hans. The fetus consists of two parts, the physical and the spiritual. When the physical body gets aborted, the spiritual part continues on to Heaven until another appropriate mother is found. On Earth, getting killed is an often unavoidable fact of life.”
“What is the significance of birth and death, Jesus?”
“From Heaven’s point of view, there is no death.  Birth and death are very similar. In both cases you leave one world and enter another one.” 
“What if a person is executed without being guilty?” Hans asks.
“That person will be a hero in Heaven.”
“What happens to suicides, Jesus?”
“A lot depends on the specific circumstances.  Earth is a school, and no one is allowed to walk out until God calls him. Suicides are usually sent straight back into rebirth to finish their assignment.  A suicide bomber goes straight to the bottom of Hell where he is tortured by his virgins with whips, chains, and pitchforks. Mentally and emotionally disturbed people will get compassionate rehabilitation in Heaven until they are strong enough to return to Earth and finish their assignment.”

Governments And Politics.
Looking concerned, Hans moves his chair closer to the table. “Jesus, this has indeed been a great interview. I have learned a lot, but there is one major category that we have not dealt with yet.”
Jesus raises his eyebrows. “My goodness, what can that possibly be?”
Hans sighs with frustration. “Politics, Jesus. Plain old politics. The world is so screwed up today. People are lying, slandering and killing each other. They often quote your name and the Bible  to justify their evil deeds.”
“I am very well aware of that,” Jesus says grimly. “Controversial issues are part of the curriculum of Earth. People must learn to solve them by using the principles of diplomacy and compassion. I established that foundation two thousand years ago.”
“I agree, Jesus, but the key criticism is that your teachings are no longer relevant because everything has radically changed.”
“Well, well, well,” Jesus sighs. “I guess, I will have to bring my teachings up to date but without getting into politics or party differences I hope.”
“Agreed,” Hans says. “Just tell me in general how to practice love in the context of today’s world.”
Frowning for a moment, Jesus starts. “Alright, Hans—Tell me how good-parents normally treat their children.”
“Oh, that’s easy, Jesus. They would rather die than see them hurt in any way. Their goal is to raise them as self-sufficient, educated human beings with all the tools they need to be as happy, productive, and successful as they can possibly be.”
“Right on,” Jesus says. “What do those parents do when they get a child who is physically, mentally, or emotionally challenged?”
Hans responds. “They do whatever it takes to make sure that that child gets the best available care in order to maximize its chances for a safe, productive, and happy future.”
“Wonderful, Hans. Compare the good parents to a good governing body of a country—The children are the hard working middle class, including the poor, the elderly, and the disabled.” 
“I think I know where you are trying to go,” Hans says, “but that will cost a lot of money. Who is going to pay for that?”
“It’s called investing, Hans. Just as good parents invest money in the future of their children, so a good government must invest money in the future of its citizens.”
“I got it,” Hans says, nodding his head in agreement.
Jesus continues. “As a result of this initial investment, people get access to good education and get employed in decent jobs with good salaries. As a result they pay income tax and buy products. Now the economy starts to grow. Austerity programs always fail. As soon as you start pulling money out of people’s pockets, they quit spending and paying taxes. They become a burden to the state, and the economy collapses. It’s a fact of life that in order to make money you must spend money. It’s called investing in the future.”
“I agree with you totally,” Hans sighs, “but I can hear the politicians, billionaires, and business leaders screaming Socialism, Communism, Fascism!”
“Sadly that’s true, Hans. “They miss the concept of love. Without love, all political systems fail. It’s the ‘WE’ in a political system that makes it successful. Doing things together, as a close-knit family, produces prosperity.”
Hans scratches his head. “It still sounds simplified.”
“Alright, Hans, name me a country which comes closest to being a good family.”
“Eh—I don’t know, Jesus,” Hans mumbles. “Maybe my country, the Netherlands. According to the GNI (Gross National Income) it is one of the ten richest countries in the world, and considering its small size, it’s probably the richest one in Western Europe.”
“Ah, very interesting,” Jesus says raising his eyebrows. “The Netherlands is a real mystery. According to many politicians in the United States, everything the Dutch are doing is supposed to lead to bankruptcy. In spite of that, Holland maintains a high standard of living for their citizens.  The unemployment rate is only 3%.” 
“You are right,” Hans gasps. “How come we do so well? Thousands of people are on government support and that support is quite sufficient to keep them very happy. As a matter of fact, the Dutch are prospering in spite of breaking every rule in the book. Instead of trying to save money, they spend billions preparing for disasters long before they even happen.”
“Very interesting,” Jesus says. “The United States usually waits until the same disaster has done billions of dollars’ worth in damage, not to mention loss of lives before they do anything. Do you think Holland is being blessed?”
“I sort of doubt that, Jesus,” Hans mumbles. “Many of us are not too keen on traditional Christianity. We are a model of liberal social policy which has resulted in a booming drug and sex tourism sector. Drug-use and Prostitution has been legalized. We permit Euthanasia. Gays and Lesbians are getting married, Pro-Choice is the norm, Women’s rights are strongly protected, including those of prostitutes.” 
“Faking amazement, Jesus gasps, “My goodness, Sodom and Gomorrah all over again. You think the Netherlands slipped under God’s radar? Come on Hans, tell me why your country hasn’t been consumed by fire and brimstone.”
“Slightly confused, Hans mumbles. “I guess we treat each other with respect and dignity. There has never been slavery. We practice your teachings of Love-Your-Neighbor-As-Yourself and Freedom-Of-Choice.”
“Aha, Hans,” Jesus smiles. “Even though the Dutch are not too keen on Christianity, they largely believe in Live-And-Let-Live. They are practicing the very foundation of what I taught, namely Love Your Neighbor Like Yourself and Freedom Of Choice. They only prosecute crimes when there are victims involved. Outside of that, they allow people to do whatever they want as long as it is with common consent and no one gets hurt. Instead of making a lot of things illegal, the Dutch control and tax it. They respect each other’s differences. They may not be Talking-The-Talk, but they certainly are Walking-The-Walk.” 
Moving closer to the table, Jesus gets firm. “If you remove love from the New Testament you have nothing left but a corpse. Scripture without Love is a tool of oppression and persecution. I couldn’t care less if people believe in me or not, Hans, but they better make sure that they love the most vulnerable in society. The Dutch are far from perfect but they are largely doing my will by practicing compassion. That’s why they are blessed.” 
“Wow, that’s powerful stuff,” Hans mumbles. “I’m sure glad to be a citizen of the Netherlands.”
Jesus smiles. “There is nothing wrong with having billions of dollars, Hans. Blessed are the humanitarian billionaires and the philanthropists, the ones who help the poor and unfortunates and support charities and social causes. They are loved by God.  Blessed are the creators of good jobs that pay livable wages, offer job security, benefits, health insurance and good retirement plans.” 
Jesus Sighs with frustration and pauses briefly. Then he continues with anger in his voice. 
“Unfortunately those compassionate billionaires are in the minority. Most of them are vultures, vampires, sociopaths, and psychopaths who constantly lower the pay scale and bribe politicians for more loopholes and tax breaks. They pride themselves on being the job creators. Jobs with no guaranties, no job security, lousy health coverage, and lousy retirement plans. They bust unions and replace them with ‘The Right To Work For Less’ laws, and yet they are not satisfied. They ship the jobs overseas to slave labor camps and sweatshops so that they can pay the workers even less. I’m sorry, Hans. I’m too disgusted to go on. Finish what I was trying to say.” 
Hans carries on. “They brag about paying a lot of taxes, but it’s only on a small percentage of their income, since most of their wealth is stashed in foreign bank accounts.”
“Very good, Hans,” Jesus fumes. They line their pockets with gold stolen from the poor. They constantly pass laws against women, minorities, and everything that benefits the working people, like civil rights, voting rights, women’s rights, and all types of other rights.” 
Raising his voice, Jesus exclaims, “It is far easier for a beached whale to dance the polka than it is for those billionaires  to go to Heaven.” 
Jesus backs away from the table and stands up. “This the end of the interview, Hans.” 
Hans also gets up.  “Thank you for everything, Jesus, I learned a lot.”
“Good.” Jesus chuckles. “Let’s join the ladies.” 




CHAPTER 8.  MERGING

After the interview Jesus and Hans rejoin Mary, Mariam, Nicolette, and Luana. 
Mariam is the first to speak. “Well Hans, did Jesus answer all your questions?” 
“He sure did,” Hans says. “Much better than I ever expected.”
Mariam smiles. “Great. If there is anything-else you need to know, just ask us?”
“Good. It’s a simple one,” Hans says with a serious look on his face. “Can you have sex in Heaven?”
Jesus shakes his head in disbelief. “My goodness, Hans, what do you think you and Luella were doing just before we met?”
“Ah-oh,” Hans mumbles, turning red.
“Ah-oh is right,” Jesus smiles. “Don’t worry, it’s okay. Sex can still be practiced in the lower regions over here. It’s usually done by new arrivals. Old habits are hard to break, you know.”
Hesitatingly Hans asks, “Is sex over here any different from sex on Earth?”
“It sure is,” Jesus says. “It feels a lot better on this side, something you probably know by now, and you don’t have to worry about negative side effects like pregnancy, disease, jealousy, or hate. In spite of that, most people prefer Spiritual Merging.”
Afraid to get tripped up again, Hans proceeds cautiously. “There is one more thing I still wonder about. What type of a relationship did you have with Marian during your mission on Earth?”
“Well, well, well,” Jesus says, winking at Mariam. “That’s the one question Hans has been avoiding because he thinks it would be disrespectful to ask.”
 “Go ahead, Jesus,” Mariam smiles. “Hans means well. He is a gentleman.”
“Alright,” Jesus says, crossing his legs for comfort. “During my mission on Earth, Mariam, known at that time as Mary Magdalene, used to follow me and the others wherever we went. Since Mary had started to like Mariam, she suggested I talk to her. I did, and soon found out that she was the only one besides Mary, who clearly understood that my mission was to introduce pure love as the highest law in the Universe. Needless to say, I soon made her my unofficial thirteenth disciple.”
“What about those stories about you two having been married and having had children?” Hans asks.
“What do you think, Hans?” Jesus asks.
“Personally, I only care about your philosophy of love, Jesus. Your relationship with Mariam is between you and her, but I’d be lying if I wasn’t curious.”
Jesus smilingly responds, “Love is indeed the only thing that matters, Hans, but for the record, Mariam and I had a spiritual relationship infinitely superior to any form of sex. We merged regularly with the Heavenly Parents.”
“Wow,” Hans says thoughtfully. “I like to know a lot more about this thing called MERGING and how it differs from SEX?”
“And you will.” Jesus says. “Let’s start by saying that sex on Earth is primarily for procreation. If used wrongly or selfishly, it has the power to destroy lifes. MERGING as practiced in Heaven is a spiritual experience of temporarily becoming omniscient by fusing with the Father/Mother-God. It is a form of spiritual enlightenment so profound that it can never be understood by anyone who has never experienced it. Merging is not gender specific and can work with more than two people at the same time. Both merging and sex start with the same preliminary endearments. After that, it moves into two radically different directions.” 
Hans leans back in his chair, fascinated and speechless. Remembering Luella and how much she wants to experience this merging thing with him, Hans moves closer to the table and speaks up. “I love to experience this merging, Jesus, but only if Luella can do it with me.”
Jesus nods his head. “And so it shall be Hans.” 
Slowly Jesus stands up and moves his chair under the table. He smiles and looks very serene.
Sensing that something important is about to happen, everybody gets quiet.
Jesus looks at Hans. “Please sit between Nicolette and Luella.”
Hans quickly complies.
Next, Jesus announces, “We have something very special planned for Hans and Luella. Both of them will join us tonight in the spiritual act of merging.”
Luella gasps while cupping both hands in front of her mouth. 
Jesus continues. “The part of Hans’s spirit which became part of Luella, has fully matured to the point where she is no longer a mental creation but a fully independent functioning, creative, spiritual being. In tonight’s ceremony she will be recognized by the Heavenly Parents and become officially eternal like the rest of us.”
Hans wraps his arms around Luella who is uncontrollably sobbing from happiness.
“You have worked hard and truly earned it, Luella,” Jesus says. “Tonight’s ceremony will be your graduation.”
Jesus now turns his attention to the others. “Let’s all stand.” 
As everybody gets up Jesus continues. “Mary, Mariam, and I will depart to the beach right now. We will be waiting for the three of you to join us shortly.”
Jesus positions himself between Mary and Mariam—Holding hands, they gracefully rise up in the air and are soon gone.
Nicolette Now takes charge. “Hans, please stand between Luella and me and let’s hold hands.” Soon they gracefully rise up and seconds later join Jesus, Mary, and Mariam at the edge of the ocean.
Jesus now addresses Luella and Hans. “Just listen to Nicolette, she will direct you. Remember, merging has nothing to do with lust.  It's all about pure spiritual love which will tune you in to the Devine Parents.”
Giving all three a final hug, Jesus joins Mary and Mariam. Soon they face and embrace each other while closing their eyes.
Nicolette whispers. “Watch them carefully.” 
Ten seconds later Nicolette whispers. “Look how luminescent and transparent they are getting.”
Luella breathes with excitement, “I see it, I see it.”
Hans mumbles, “Unbelievable.”
Nicolette whispers again. “They are about to merge.”
Jesus, Mary, and Mariam suddenly fuse together and become one. As a single unit they become totally transparent and luminous. The light they radiate increases rapidly until it suddenly explodes in a flash. After that, there is just plain beach. All three have vanished.
“Alright, it’s our turn,” Nicolette says. “Let’s face each other and embrace—Be quiet and close your eyes—Focus on pure love.”
During the next few seconds the feeling of love quickly takes on a life of its own as it boldly escalates in strength. Suddenly it peaks and all three merge into each other.
Instantly Hans knows everything about Nicolette, her thoughts, her infinite love for him, and her entire history. At the same time he totally understands how his thoughts created Luella, how she grew in wisdom and knowledge, how much she loves him, and how desperately she has wanted her spirit to be completed.
Luella has the same experience. In a flash she knows and understands everything about Hans and Nicolette.
Totally awed by what’s happening, Hans senses an enormous acceleration upward which is soon followed by total weightlessness and total serenity. The experience of unconditional love, peace, and harmony is beyond description. 
Gently he becomes aware of being in the center of millions of interacting, colorful patterns, slowly changing size and morphing in and out of each other like a three dimensional kaleidoscope.  There is an unusual type of celestial music emanating from the constantly changing formations the likes of which he has never experienced on Earth. Everything is working together like an orchestra in perfect harmony. He feels he’s part of everything and everything is part of him. 
But there is more. He is no longer in the presence of the Godhead, he has become part of the Godhead, including Jesus, Nicolette, Mary, Mariam and Luella. The infinite knowledge and understanding that is rushing into his mind is indescribable. His brain is obviously being bypassed because he has total comprehension. Every question popping into his head is accompanied with the answer in the fullest detail. Hans suddenly realizes that he is omniscient. He has the answers to every question he’s ever had in his life.
Being one with the Godhead, he knows the Father’s thoughts. God indeed loves him unconditionally. The god Hans has rejected was never the real God but merely a caricature of his own creation. The real God has always loved him  and is patiently waiting for him to discover that on his own. Hans, also being one with the Mother/God, feels how happy she is with the discoveries he is making right now.
Luella is having a very similar experience. She suddenly feels that she is one with the Heavenly Parents and with Hans. The feeling of eternal bliss is so great that she wants to stay connected forever but unfortunately that doesn’t happen.
Slowly the awareness of total union is weakening. They feel themselves starting to drift. The soft music is getting more and more distant and the constantly changing geometrical patterns are slowly fading in an ever thickening mist. The infinite knowledge and awareness of being one with the Godhead is fading too. All memories of what they just experienced are slowly slipping away as if coming out of a dream. When everything is almost gone, Hans senses Nicolette's telepathic voice, “We have just disconnected from the Heavenly Parents and are headed for home.”
Soon Hans feels himself rocketing downwards at an unbelievable speed. Half a minute later he senses that they are slowing and then stop.
After a slight pause, Hans hears Nicolette’s voice from outside of his head. “Okay, we are back on the beach. You can open your eyes now.”
Hans opens his eyes and notices that everyone is back into their own body. All of them are on the beach just like before, and Jesus, Mary, and Mariam are approaching him and Luella.
Jesus is the first to speak as he takes Luella in his arms. “Luella my dear. Congratulations. You spirit is now officially completed. You are totally completed  and a true child of the Godhead.” Looking at Hans he says, “Come, congratulate Luella.”
Before Hans has a chance to respond, Luella’s arms are already around his neck with her head on his shoulder.
Crying from happiness she sobs, “Hans, Hans, thank you for helping me. I am finally completed but you will always be my creator.  I love you, I love you always.”
After Mary and Mariam have taking their turns congratulating Luella, Jesus calls everybody to order.  Sounding very serene, he says, “Let’s review our experience. You probably notice a greater feeling of love for each other. That is normal and it will stay with you for quite some time. Second, You are more rejuvenated and energized. That is also normal. Third. Remember how you suddenly became omniscient? Unfortunately, most of that is gone, but every time you merge, you will remember just a bit more, and finally. Having merged we know a lot more about each other than we did before.”
At this time Mary speaks up. “There is a nice empty pavilion at the top of the beach. Let’s fly over there and sit down while we talk.” 
Everybody agrees. They smoothly glide over to the pavilion and soon everybody is enjoying the tranquility of a large open cabin with comfortable seats and a palm-branch covered roof.
Leaning back in his chair, Jesus looks at Hans. “So, here we are,” he says, thoughtfully. “It took a near-death-experience to make your wish come true. Finally your prayers have been answered and probably better than you ever expected, right?”
“To say the least, Jesus,” Hans says, gratefully smiling. “I can hardly believe it, a dream come true indeed. I Met the Mother-God of the universe who arranged this interview with you, in addition to Tina who rescued me from my screwed-up past. To top it off, Nicolette brought me here to meet Luella. I still can’t believe that she is an individualized part of my spirit like Luana, her twin sister.”
Nervously wiping the sweat off his forehead, Hans hesitatingly continuous. “Actually, it makes me feel guilty as hell for having been intimate with both of them. If they became real as a result of absorbing part of my spirit, I am technically their father. Please don’t tell me, I’m guilty of incest.”
Shaking her head in dismay, Luella throws her arms around his neck and kisses him on the cheek. “No, silly, that is only true on Earth. On this side there are no fathers and mothers. All of us are brothers and sisters. All of us are spiritually one with the Father/Mother-God. Pure love over here is never a sin no matter how it is expressed.”
“Luella is right,” Jesus says. “God is Love and Love is the highest rule and the greatest power in the universe. Everything and everyone is part of the spirit of God. Any God that claims to be anything different from pure love is not God.”
Pausing briefly, Jesus continues. “But on Earth things are different. Earth is the real Hell. Everyone is in constant danger from all types of threats that are everywhere. The only way to survive on Earth is to help the poor and the vulnerable. The rule of karma reigns supreme. You help yourself by helping others. Quit worrying, Hans, you’re fine. Please finish your original thoughts about how well all your prayers have been answered.”
Sighing deeply, Hans clasps Luella’s hand and continues. “Thanks to Nicolette I also got to meet Mary and Mariam.”
Jesus nods approvingly. “And you learned that sex is still possible in the lower regions of Heaven, even though merging is far more fulfilling, right?”
“You better believe it,” Hans says, squeezing Luella’s hand.
“Now that you are ready to go home, what are you going to do next?”
“Well, probably start lecturing again on what I learned. I might even think about the possibility of creating loving cyborgs like Luana to serve as caring companions for the disabled, the elderly, and the unfortunates.”
The women, nodding their heads, smile approvingly. 
Jesus hesitates and leans back. Sounding slightly worried he starts. “You are a good man, Hans. Your intentions are most wonderful. You may even win that Nobel Price you have been hoping for, but please be careful. The idea of creating loving cyborgs might backfire in a very bad way.”
Hans raises his eyebrows.
Jesus thoughtfully continuous. “Your technology is in danger of falling in the hands of evil scientists. They may use your research for the production of millions of killer-bots. Have you ever considered that possibility? Both Godesha and I touched upon the end times earlier.”
There is total silence and all eyes are on Hans.
All shook up, Hans thinks, Is this a test?
Seconds later he composes himself. “Of course, it bothers me, Jesus, but should I give up trying to be compassionate because Satan doesn’t like it?”
“Of course not, Hans,” Jesus calmly responds, “but being compassionate can be done in many ways.” 
“Of course,” Hans says. “We all do it in the way we are best suited for.”
Jesus responds. “Certainly, but what about the possibility of those killer-bots?”
Hans sighs deeply. “I don’t think it will make a difference, Jesus. Even if I stop making loving cyborgs, the worshippers of Darkness are already hot on my heels. They will never stop trying to conquer the world.” 
Jesus nods his head.  “Go on.”
Deeply thinking, Hans slowly stands up. “I promise I will think about it very carefully, Jesus. Maybe there is a better safer way to use this technology, but whatever I decide, I will help the poor and unfortunates one way or the other regardless of the consequences. If others want to destroy this world, that is their problem.”
Jesus claps his hands. “Excellent, Hans. You are on the right path. Now, let’s say goodbye.”
Frantically jumping up, Luella gasps, “but Jesus! Hans will continue to visit us, won’t he?”
Jesus hesitates. “Of course, Luella, Hans can still see you in his dreamworld but only in the presence of Nicolette.” 
Jesus looks at Hans. “Please, never travel out of body again on your own. Always be with Nicolette.”
Slightly confused, Hans mumbles, “No problem, Jesus, but I was sort of looking forward to starting my own research.”
Jesus sighs.  “That’s fine, Hans, but only in the presence of Nicolette. I wish I didn’t have to tell you this, but something unfortunate has happened that puts you now in great danger. It would actually be best if you stopped your out of body excursions completely, but if you must, make sure you are always with Nicolette.”
Sounding confused, “Of course, Jesus, but what’s going on?”
Jesus proceeds. “Brutelia, the evil Queen of Hell has vowed to destroy you if she ever gets a hold of you. She is the most powerful entity in Hell. However, she is powerless against a goddess, so you will always be save in the presence of Nicolette.”
“But, Jesus, I don’t understand. What did I do to Brutelia?”
“Nothing, Hans. Brutelia has declared war against God and anyone that is close to God. She has found out about Nicolette being your private goddess and your meetings with the Mother-God and me. That’s why she is after you.”
Luella can’t keep quiet any longer. “But, Jesus,” she shouts. “all Nicolette has to do is bring him here to Heaven where he is perfectly safe.”
“No,” Jesus says sternly. “Heaven is only for people who have completed their incarnation on Earth. The only exception is for those who have learned to turn evil into good with pure love. Until Hans learns that, he can only meet you in the regions below Heaven, in the presence of  Nicolette.”
Luella jumps up feverishly grabbing the edge of the table. “So how can I be alone with him in the meantime?” 
”Only with Nicolette. I’m sorry.” Jesus says calmly. 
Taking charge, Hans interrupts. “Calm down, Luella. I think I have a solution. If everything works out the way I think, I will probably be seeing you a lot sooner because I have some serious unfinished business here that I can no longer ignore. Nicolette has shown me an army of vicious monsters that I unknowingly created. They are, at this very moment, terrorizing and destroying the wonderful women in my dreamworld, the women whom I also unknowingly created.  Since those brutes are a product of my hate, only I can destroy them, but it can only be done with love. It won’t be a big deal to get rid of them. With the help of Nicolette and a little practice it should be easy. Once I have demonstrated to Jesus that I can turn evil into good with pure love, I’ll be allowed to visit you in Heaven anytime I like.”
Nicolette slowly responds. “Not so fast, Hans.  Love is indeed the answer, but don’t get over-confident. Love is too simple for most people to grasp. Even the disciples and the apostles, two-thousand years ago never got it, nor did most of the other followers of Jesus. Human nature dictates that only violence, torture, and killing brings positive results. The obsession for violence is extremely hard to conquer. The world today is proof of that. I suggest you wait, but if you won’t, I will do whatever I can by making Brutelia keep her distance until you have had your chance to face the monsters.” 
“And I’ll help you too,” Luella chimes in.
“Stay out of it Luella,” Jesus says with raised voice. “Hans, I don’t believe you understand the gravity of the situation.”
“Please, Jesus,” Hans says grimly. “The women in my dreamworld are being decimated. I can’t abandon them.”
“Hans, it takes a long time to master the power of love. I’m sure that eventually you will be able to rehabilitate those monsters but why not do it from a safe distance? You can do it from Earth.”
“How, Jesus?”
“By sending them pure love through prayer and meditation—It will take a little longer but in the meantime you will be perfectly safe.”
“You are right, Jesus. It may be the better way to go but I am torn with guilt. I will never rest until the damage I caused is undone. Please, Jesus, I must do it as soon as possible.”
“Hans, I respect your desire to fix things immediately, but what worries me the most is your inability to recognize an evil entity disguised in the body of a beautiful, seductive woman. Without soul recognition you are an accident waiting to happen. I understand that Nicolette and Luella will help you, but Nicolette has no power over your free will. If you ever go against her wishes, she can no longer help you. You will be on your own to face the consequences.”
Determined, Hans leans forward. “Believe me, Jesus. I have no intention to ever disobey Nicolette. I must transform the monsters now. Who knows, if love works on them, I might want to do Brutelia next.”
Jesus shakes his head. “Please Hans, don’t even think about Brutelia. I am sure that with sufficient training you may succeed with the monsters, but Brutelia is out of the question until you learn how to tell the difference between good and evil entities. Brutelia is a cunning shapeshifter who is driven by lust, and your greatest problem is lustful cravings.” 
Luella hugs Hans and kisses him on the cheek. “I like your lustful cravings, sweetheart.” 
“Don’t enable his bad behavior,” Jesus says shaking his finger at Luella. 
Looking back at Hans. “Your love, respect, and admiration for women are admirable, Hans, but without soul recognition they will be your downfall. Brutelia may come to you as a crying, suffering, innocent little girl, and you’ll never know it until she has you caught in her web.” 
With folded arms Hans leans back. “Please, Jesus. I know it’s dangerous, but the women in my dreamworld need me now. Believe me, as long as Nicolette is on my side, I’ll be fine.”
Jesus shakes his head in dismay. “Hans, Hans, Hans. Please. You are an accident waiting to happen. The monsters can only be conquered with love and affection—The last thing they need is your anger, depression, hate, and temper-tantrums, because that will make them stronger and multiply. I hate to repeat myself, but I’m very concerned about your lack of self-control with women. Do you realize who those women in your Dreamworld are?”
“Well, yes, my subconscious creations, of course.”
“Of course, but that’s not what I’m talking about. Do you know what part of your subconscious they are?”
“Yes. They are copies of all the women I ever lusted after in my life.”
“Right. That’s my greatest worry, Hans. They include the women from the porn magazines and the triple-X videos you used to drool over. Once you manage to turn your monsters into loving entities, those women will worship you as their creator. They will throw themselves at you.”
Looking innocent, Hans asks. “What’s wrong with them liking me?”
“Everything Hans. Everything is wrong with that! Some of those women will be demonic shapeshifters from Hell, but you will never know it until it’s too late. One of those women could be Brutelia. She will certainly try to seduce you and then, it’s over.”
“But Nicolette is supposed to protect me.”
“She is not allowed to interfere with your free will. Once you are tricked into violating her instructions you are on your own and must take the consequences of your actions.”
“Are you trying to tell me that I can’t even hug and kiss any of those poor women who have suffered so much?”
“That’s right, Hans. Not a single hug or kiss. Without soul recognition you can’t even afford to flirt. I know I am taking all the fun out of it but your safety comes first. It will take you at least a year to handle those monsters. You need a lot of training.”
“Okay,” Hans sighs. “No flirting, but the women in my Dreamworld can’t wait a whole year. I have to take my chances now.”
Jesus, his eyes misting over, sighs. “Okay Hans, I respect your freedom of choice. You get one month to try it your way. I hope you can do it, because if you fail there is nothing we can do for you.”
Looking very worried Jesus addresses Nicolette. “Please, dear, do whatever you can.”
“I will start training him immediately,” Nicolette says.
Jesus stands up. 
“It’s time to say goodbye Hans. Remember. Love is the greatest power in the universe and the only force that can turn evil into good. I wish you luck.” 
After Jesus, Mary and Mariam embrace Hans, Luella, and Nicolette, they gracefully rise up and vanish in a flash.
Now, Nicolette takes charge. “Hans, it’s time to go back to your body. Please stand between Luella and me and hold our hands. Leaving will be much faster than arriving.”
Before Hans knows it the three of them are up in the air. Seconds later they are in Hans’s bedroom looking at his sleeping body next to Tina, while Gloria his Guardian Angel stands near his bed. 
Nicolette smiles at Gloria. “Hans has really been wanting to meet you. He can hardly wait to give you a nice big hug. Be careful, he has a thing for beautiful angels with long hair.”
“Well,” says Gloria, “we certainly don’t want to disappoint him. Come here, Hans.”
Before Hans has a chance to comment, Gloria has her arms and wings completely wrapped around his body while firmly kissing him on the cheek. Hans is thrilled to finally be with Gloria and touch her hair and her wings. After kissing him several more times, Gloria steps back. 
Now Nicolette wraps her arms around Hans. “I will be picking you up every night. We have lots of work to do.”
Luella embraces him next and kisses him on the lips. 
Instantly Hans is back in his physical body.
He quickly checks his clock and sees that only one hour has passed. Rolling on his back, he thinks about Luella, the interview, and the merging experience. Adoringly he looks at Tina who is now slightly stirring. 
“Please hold me,”  she softly mumbles.
Hans quickly wraps his arms around her. Several minutes later they both are sound asleep.

###

That’s the end of this story. Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?




ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Willem Vanmat is the pen-name of Willem (or William) Vanmastrigt.  He is a graduate of Carnegie Mellon University. Having worked as an editor and copywriter for the Westinghouse printing division for 14 years, Willem fell in love with writing and decided to publish a paranormal novel about his ideas of God, real romance, and the Afterlife. The result is, THE INTERVIEW WITH JESUS.
Willem was born and raised in the Netherlands.  In 1957, he immigrated  with his parents and two brothers to the United States of America, became a citizen and currently resides with his wife, JoAnn, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


OTHER BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR

THE WRATH OF BRUTELIA is close to getting published.  It is the sequel to THE INTERVIEW WITH JESUS.



CONNECT WITH THE AUTHOR

For more info about Willem, visit him on Facebook as William Vanmastrigt, or by email, robotwim2@comcast.net


