The Breaking of Chains Trilogy

Book 1 Courtship© By Thomas Philippa

Smashwords Copyright 2021 Thomas Philippa

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook licensed is for your personal enjoyment only. Do not re-sell this eBook or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase a copy for the recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it for your enjoyment, then please return to the eBook to Smashwords.com or your favourite retailer and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author

ISBN  9781005065560

CONTENT
1 The meeting
2 At the Café
3 Yolanda at home
4 Mark	
5 Relationships
6 The date
7 Making friends
8 Forcing a commitment
9 Reconciliation
10 Religious restrictions and courting
11 The festive season
12 Temptation	
13 A moral dilemma
14 The invitation
15 Yolanda revealed
16 The afterglow
17 Confessions
18 A cup flowing over
19 A patch of blue
20 Limbo
21 Unexpected events
22 Jenny’s story
23 A beautiful boy
24 Jenny decides
25 A daring move
26 At last the gift of love
27 Jenny reborn
28 An emotional release
29 Decision time
30 Uncertain questions
31 Truth V Lies
32 Reality strikes
33 Trauma
34 Consequences
35 Red roses
36 Wheels within wheels
37 The marriage proposal
38 The Margaret Cusack story
39 Pre marriage instruction
40 Yolanda goes to see Fr. O’Brien
41 The wedding
42 After the wedding






1 The meeting

It is early winter and getting dark. The cold wind hits Mark as he steps off the train onto the railway station platform. A young woman beside him steps of the train; she loses her balance and stumbles towards Mark. Mark grabs her around the middle. She flings her arms around his neck. Mark holds onto her in a firm embrace. Mark is autistic and not familiar with female attention. He feels embarrassed. The woman's face is inches from his. 'Oops,' she said, her clear brown eyes looking into his. They widen with recognition. She focused her gaze on his mouth. She tightened her arms around his neck as she kissed him firmly on his lips. With a sob in her throat, she lingers with the kiss. Mark doesn't know what to do. He only hesitates a few seconds before kissing her back. After all, she is gorgeous looking, and her lips taste like fresh mint and sunshine.

After what seemed to be forever, the woman breaks the kiss. She pulls her head back and looks him in the eye. She still has her arms firmly around his neck. Her body pressed hard against him, trembling in his arms. 'Oh, Mark, I've wanted to do that for years.' Mark is trying to come to terms with the unexpected kiss from a young and beautiful stranger with tears in her eyes. She knows him, or she is mistaking him for someone else. Mark has no idea who the woman is. Again, she kisses him passionately. She clings to him in a fierce embrace. Mark feels the softness of her lips on his mouth, her breasts against his hard chest, and kisses her back, then gives her a second kiss. Long moments pass before she breaks the kiss. She leans her head back to look at him. 'I've been searching for you for five years. I never thought I would see you again.' Mark, still stunned by the sudden exchange of kisses and mystified by the woman's words, finds his tongue and says, 'who are you, not that I mind your kisses? But I usually don't have gorgeous young women kiss me passionately as I come off the train.'

The woman is still looking into his face. Her brown eyes examine him in minute detail. 'Don't you recognize me, Mark? You rescued me five years ago on the main street near the park. You kissed me twice when you held me in your arms. You took me home on your motorbike. Don't you remember me, Mark?' Mark looked back at her, remembering a young dark curly-headed teenage girl sobbing and trembling in his arms. He had kissed the top of her head as he tried to soothe her distraught crying. When Mark took her home, she had kissed him on the lips and said she loved him. It could not be true, he thought. Did she remember the kiss and telling him she loved him? Surprised at what was happening, Mark asked, 'are you that skinny little girl I took home on the back of my bike?' 'Yes, that was me, but not so skinny and not so little,' she said with a warm smile on her face. 'My god, you have grown up. You're gorgeous,' says Mark, looking her over. Beautiful brown eyes, a full mouth with luscious lips, a small nose, and chin in a soft round face. Mark feels a tug at his cold, lonely heart. A sense of wholeness is slowly spreading through him as he holds her in his arms.

'You never told me your name,' he says. 'I know I was just to upset by what happened.' 'You were only a young teenage girl then.' 'I know I was, but now I am all grown up and old enough. You said so yourself just a moment ago.' Still holding her in his embrace and gazing into her lovely eyes, he asked, 'how old are you, and what is your name?' 'My name is Yolanda, and I have been in love with you forever.' She tried to distract him from knowing her age. She thought she might be too young for him and married. 'Why didn't you ever come back for me,' she asked. 'Because you were too young then, how old are you now?' He asked again. She gave in reluctantly. 'I'm almost twenty-one and old enough.' She said defiantly. 'You said that before you know,' Mark replies. 'Makes no difference to the way I love you,' she said. 'I suppose not.' 'And how old are you,' she asked. 'Too old for you, I am afraid.' 'Didn't you know young girls like older men?' 'Not as old as me, though.' 'Oh, come on, you can tell me. How old are you; are you married? I won't embarrass you. I won't tell your wife I am in love with you and kissed you.' 'Well, if you must know, I am twenty-six and still single.' Her face lit up, she hugged him fiercely, kissing him again. 'Oh, goody,' she says, shocking Mark with her exuberance.

'So, tell me, what you are doing here?' he asked. 'I have been to Sydney, and I am coming home.' 'And what are you doing on the train?' 'I am also coming home from Sydney.' Mark becomes aware they are still standing on the platform, holding each other in a tight embrace. Reluctantly Mark lets go of her and steps aside to walk out of the train station. Yolanda turns towards the exit and looks around to see if her bus is still waiting, but it's gone. 'Oh, darn it,' she says, 'my bus is gone. Now I have to wait for an hour before I can take the next one home.' Mark is hesitant. He is concerned for her. In good conscience, he can't leave a young woman by herself at a dark, cold, windy bus stop for an hour. It is too dangerous. Mark decides to offer her a lift home. 'Can I give you a lift home?' Yolanda looks up at him with a big broad smile on her face, 'oh, yes please,' she says, 'but not on a motorbike, I hope? It's too cold right now.' 'No, I am rich now. I have an old pickup truck that gets me where I want to go.' 'Okay,' she said, 'I'll accept your offer.'

Mark wants to get to know her. Spontaneous affection never happens in his life. Mark feels drawn to the woman. He wants this moment to last and decides to ask her to come with him for a cup of coffee. 'Before I take you home, would you like to come for a cup of coffee with me?' He asks. 'Love to, thanks.' 'There is a café just up the road near the picture theatre, can we go there?' 'Sounds good to me,' she replies.

They both ignore the kisses but conscious of each other's nearness, they walk to Marks' parked car. 'Where do you live?' Mark asked her. 'Not far from here.' 'Come,' he says to the young woman, 'let's get you into my car and warm up.' The woman wears a beige coat and white woolly scarf to ward against the biting, cold wind blowing across the car park. 'Thanks,' she says to Mark, 'but I am not cold.'

2 At the Café

Yolanda followed Mark. He held his hand out to her. She was struggling against the wind to stay on her feet in high heels. She accepted his outstretched hand. Mark revelled in the comfortable, warm grip of her hand and in his. It was a new experience for him. He wanted it to last. His heart was beating fast. He was surprised how much he liked her hand in his. They didn't have to go far to his car. 'Where is your car?' She asked. 'It's that black pickup over there.' Mark replied. She walked close to him. He looked into her face getting a quick glimpse of her lovely smiling eyes as she looked back at him. They reached his car. He opened the front door for her to get in.

Once she was in the car, he closed the door. He walked around the front and got in on the driver's side. He looked at the girl's face again and liked what he saw. Her short windblown curly black hair was all over the place. Her hair framed a sweet round face with lightly tanned skin and a lovely smile that lit up her eyes. He turned his attention back to the car and started it. He drove out of the parking lot and onto the street, heading towards the café. Not far down the road, she spotted the café near the movie theatre. 'Stop,' she said, 'it's over there.' 'Yes, Ma'am, at your service,' he responded and obliged by pulling up by the curb. 'I love the way you look after me. You could be my servant,' she quipped.' He did not appreciate the comment and gave her a sideways frown. She cast a defiant 'SO…' look back at him.

He turned off the ignition and got out of the car, walking around to open the door for her, but he was too late. By the time he got there, she was already getting out. He looked her over as he came up to her. From what he could see, she had lovely long legs and curves. She was cuddly enough to attract any man's attention. She waited for him on the footpath, looking back at him as he closed and locked the car door. She turned around and walked ahead of him into the café, holding the door open for him. He followed her inside and found the place was almost full of people. Yolanda saw an empty table at the back of the room. The table was set against the wall with only three chairs. She navigated her way through the crowd to the empty table.

The room was comfortably warm. Yolanda stopped near the table. Mark came up behind her. He reached out to hold the chair for her so she could sit down. 'I am a gentleman,' Mark said, still annoyed at her comment he could be her servant. 'I am not your servant. I did a simple courtesy for a lady.' Her comment had reminded him of the incessant bullying he got at school.

Because of his autism, he had suffered enough belittling in his life not to have this woman put him down also. He was already regretting he had asked her to come for a drink. She looked him in the eye with all the sincerity she could muster. His dismay registered with her. She saw it on his face. 'I am sorry, I didn't mean anything by it,' she said as she stood in front of him. She turned her back to him and began to remove her coat and scarf. Mollified by her apology, Mark took the coat and scarf from her hands while moving her chair closer for her to sit down.

Yolanda wore a dark green wool jumper with a V-neck and long sleeves over a fawn checked mini skirt, black stockings, and black high heels. Mark thought she looked elegant, a woman of class. Mark wore a short black overcoat. Under his coat, he wore a white roll neck jumper, blue jeans, and black shoes. Yolanda looked Mark over. Mark was a good-looking man. He was twenty-six years old and six-foot-tall. Mark wore his long dark wavy hair swept back, reaching just above the collar of his jumper. Mark had an open, handsome, elongated face with high cheekbones and a firm jawline. His liquid brown eyes were penetrating and knowing. He is not a weakling, she thought. He had broad shoulders complementing a toned body. Mark walked with a defiant self-confidence of a man who knew where he was going.
Mark placed her coat and scarf on a chair. Coming to stand beside her, he asked her what she would like to drink. He looked down at her and saw the cleavage that accentuated her beautiful endowment. Those puppies were gorgeous. Yolanda looked up at him and saw his eyes riveted on her anatomy. She smiled and said, 'you like what you see?' Caught out assessing her boobs, he felt embarrassed and blushed like a schoolboy caught perving on girls. 'By the look of you, you have certainly grown up.' He said, still conscious of their kisses, he had to drag his eyes off her breasts and focus on her lovely face. She was looking up into his eyes. She seemed pleased with his reaction to the fullness of her breasts. 'And yes, I like what I see. He replied. She had a big smile on her face, and she responded with, 'I like the look of you too.' There was a pause as they admired one another, then she said, 'can I have a white coffee please.' 'Okay,' he said. He turned around and headed for the counter to order their drinks.

'Two white coffees please,' he said to the girl behind the counter. Standing there, he looked back at the girl. He liked what he saw. She wasn't skinny, he did not like skinny girls, but neither was she fat. She felt so good in his arms. He wanted to hug her a lot more. It almost felt like an ache in his bones. He wanted a woman to love, to hug, and kiss. He felt a stirring in his groin; more than anything, he wanted to put his hands on the soft warmth of her, to touch, love, and kiss her gorgeous breasts. Wouldn't it be a God sent if she was the one, he thought? When he got the drinks, he returned to the table. Mark put her coffee on the table in front of her. Taking off off his coat, placed it on top of hers, and sat down.

He looked at her again, admiring her boobs and lips. His fascination with her breasts and lips made him temporarily moronic. She had that effect on him. 'You're doing it again.' 'Doing what,' he said, surprised. Coming out of his reverie, he thought he had done something wrong to ruin the budding relationship. 'Do you really want me to spell it out for you? Mark was on edge. Their unplanned, spontaneous kisses had given her the confidence to rattle him. Her breasts and the smile on her lips had him mesmerized. The woman had the greatest delight in teasing him. Not used to this kind of familiarity, it made him feel very uncomfortable. Invariably, the conversation would turn negative by now because he was autistic and had no social filter. 'You keep looking at my breasts and lips. Do you want to kiss me again?' 'Yea..., well yes, now you mention it,' he said, sighing with relief and hope in his voice. She looked him in the eye for a long moment, barely able to contain her laughter before she shook her head and began to talk. He was very conscious of his own naïveté and distracted by her flirting. Mark was trying to figure out the kisses but thought there was more to it than he could discern. He lacked confidence in relationships. Mark had difficulty reading what was on people's minds and often said the wrong thing, but Mark usually managed okay with girls. He hated confusion and people making fun of him. He had a history of people bullying him because of his autism. Mark had no experience of real love in his life, which made him wary of intimate relationships.

He was concentrating on her mouth while she talked, and deep in thought, he didn't hear anything she said. She stopped talking and watched him for a moment. 'You don't function too well when you're distracted, do you?' 'Distracted?' He said, thinking she had said something important he had missed. 'Yes, she said, 'distracted, as in, not paying attention to what I am saying.' 'What do you mean? I am not paying attention. I was listening?' 'You may have been hearing, but you didn't listen to a word I said. You are gazing at my lips, not to mention your intrigue with my boobs. You really do like them, don't you?' 'I was paying attention,' he said in self-defence, embarrassed she caught him assessing her attributes. He was worried if he had stuffed up again. He looks her in the eye, terrified to answer her puzzling questions and at the same time get a hold of the conversation.

'Yes,' she said, 'you are constantly looking at my boobs. I think you love my boobs. Not that I object, mind you. I am delighted you love my boobs. Later, I will let you get intimately acquainted with my boobs, but for now, just focus here.' She pointed two fingers at her eyes. 'Ah…, yes.' 'Yes, what?' Yolanda asked. Mark took a deep breath to gather his wits about him, not confident where the conversation was going. His heart raced at the thought she would let him get intimately acquainted with her boobs. 'Yes, I would love to kiss your lips again and get intimately acquainted with those gorgeous boobs.'

Mark felt uncomfortable with the conversation, but he was determined to see it through. 'Are you happy now?' He was annoyed, speaking with a hint of frustrated anger in his voice. The conversation was at a stage where he had lost it. Yolanda was confidant sure of herself. He did not know how to handle her. Mark was on the point of walking out of the café. He got up to leave and grabbed his coat. 'Where are you going?' Yolanda asked, dismayed. Mark stopped and looked down at her. He saw the surprise and disappointment in her eyes and hesitated. The silence hung between them. On second thought, he decided to hang in there and see it through. 'I like you, but I am autistic, and I cannot deal with this type of convoluted conversation. You have me rattled and feeling very uncomfortable. Yolanda reached out and rested her hand on his arm. 'I am so sorry,' she said. 'I had no idea I did that to you. Please forgive me and sit down. I do not want you to go. Please.' He relented at her pleading look and the sincerity of her voice. 'Okay,' he said and sat down again. Mark thought for a moment. He would give it one last shot. Looking into her eyes, he said, 'I just can't take my eyes off you. You're the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. I can't believe you kissed me.' 'You kissed me first,' she said, smiling. Mark was looking down at his hands placed flat on the table between them as she spoke. Yolanda reached for him and put her hand on his squeezing his fingers. The silence that followed was suddenly awkward between them. 'What is the matter?' she asked, looking at him with a frown on her face. 'You seem to be different somehow, to how I remember you. Five years ago, you were protective of me, serious and self-assured. You had it all together. What happened?' 'Life happened.' Mark replied, conscious of his awkwardness and insecurity with this girl. He thought he would love to have a girl like her to share life with him. The bitterness of the constant rejection he suffered from his autism had isolated him. It had made him a recluse. A girl like her would never want to be with him, he thought. For some unknown reason, this girl affected him in ways he could not explain. Now that he was with this girl, he did not know what to do.

She began to drink her coffee again, looking at him over the rim of her cup. When he looked up at her, she saw hardness had come into his eyes. His self-assurance had returned. 'If you must know, I am autistic. Five years, ago when I rescued you, I was not involved in a convoluted conversation like this. I am not stupid; it is just that my brain functions differently from most people. Conversations like this are a challenge for me. I don't know if I said something wrong or if you are playing with me.' She blushed, 'I am so sorry. I didn't know.' She said apologetically.' 'Apology accepted. Let's skip the twisted game talk and talk sensibly for now, please.' 'Okay.' she replied.

He started to relax a little. He could see Yolanda was nervous too. Maybe she was still embarrassed she had rattled him. He had no idea. The moment had passed; it was over and done as far as he was concerned. Mark had known many girls in his teen years, but he never had a girlfriend, nor was he attracted to any girl before. However, this girl was different. Somehow, Mark felt attracted to her in ways he had never felt before. She was a natural beauty without makeup. She had kissed him twice, which had never happened before. But then again, what did he know about girls? In fact, he knew so little about girls; they were an enigma to him. That was despite the fact, he mostly felt comfortable in their casual company. It was hard to explain, but over the years, he had several girls as friends with whom he liked to talk.

In their continuing conversation, she asked him where he worked. He told her he had his own business in home maintenance. 'I love home maintenance,' she said. Now he was on familiar ground, 'Why do you like home maintenance?' 'Well, you need to be clever with your hands to fix things. You have to be creative and have a good mind to solve problems?' They talked a while longer about his work and then switched subjects to her work in the boutique. This conversation was amicable. With his confidence restored, he asked, 'would you like to come on a date with me tomorrow night?' He really wanted to see her again. Her face lit up with delight. 'Yes, please, I would love to come on a date with you.' 'Okay, seven O'clock,' he said, 'Fine,' she replied, 'I'll be ready with rings on my fingers and bells on my toes.' 'Smart ass,' he said. She laughed. He thought he could have done a lot worse. They stood up together. Mark got her coat off the chair and held it out to her. 'Scarf first,' she said. 'Yes, boss,' he replied, making her giggle. 'You make a perfect ladies escort.' 'What happened with me being your servant?' 'You can be both.' He reluctantly surrendered.

The cold wind hit them again as they came out into the fresh night air. Yolanda automatically took Marks' hand as she stepped out of the café door, even though the car was at the curb in front of them. She held on to him much longer than necessary. It made Mark feel good she wanted to hold his hand. Yolanda didn't want to let go of him. When he opened the car door, she got in. At the very last moment, she let go of his hand to smooth her coat against her thighs and caress her leg. With a husky voice, she thanked him for his courtesy as she sat down in the front seat of the car. Mark closed the door, walked around to the other side, and got in beside her on the bench seat. He switched on the ignition and started to warm the car before they got on their way. He asked her, 'where do you live?' 'Just up the road, I will direct you,' she said. 

'Why did you choose me?' He asked. 'I chose you because of your loving care when I was in trouble and needed someone to help me. You wrapped your strong arms around me. I felt protected. For years, I dreamed I was in your arms again. There you were, on the platform. I fell into your arms. It was like my dreams had come true. It seemed as if the gods had conspired that we should meet again.' 'Why?' 'Because I love you,' she said with emphasis, 'I have been in love with you since we first met five years ago. All I wanted was to feel your arms around me again; after all, you did kiss me, even if it was a long time ago.' He shook his head at her logic. He shifted the car into gear and got on the way. They didn't speak again on the way to her home.

When they arrived at her home, Mark stepped out of the car; he walked around to her side and opened the door to help her out. He stood behind the door and said, 'if you expect me to kiss you again after what we talked about in the café, I am sorry. I have promised myself I would not kiss any girl until I know I wanted to marry her.' 'You're too late with that. You kissed me twice five years ago and three times tonight, making it five times you have kissed me.' 'Hang on a minute,' he interrupted her, stopping her from talking, 'it was you who kissed me three times tonight!' There was a moment of silence before she continued talking. 'And by your own kissing rules,' Yolanda said, 'they were serious kisses. You'll have to marry me now. That is why I wanted you to take me home so you'd remember where the girl lives whom you're going to marry.' 'But we are not in a serious relationship with the intent to get married,' he said, a little frightened she had him in a trap from which he couldn't escape. 'And whose fault is that,' she wanted to know. 'I can't help it if you do not want to commit. But we have time on our site for you to learn to love me the same as I love you.' 'We have only just met,' he chided her in panic. 'No, we haven't. I fell in love with you the moment you kissed me for the first time five years ago. I have been waiting for you to kiss me again; you did so tonight. Don't you deny kissing me back! They were serious kisses. I have loved you for five years, and I will keep on loving you, but what about you? Are you going to love me too? Can you kiss me like that and still not love me?' He had no answer to her convoluted thinking. 'Anyway, I didn't expect you to kiss me now,' she said in a huff. You have already kissed me five times.' Yolanda turned away from him and walked up the path to her front door. Thoroughly confused by her logic, Mark got back onto his car and drove home.

3 Yolanda at home

The cottage was a typical late nineteenth-century, two-bedroom worker's cottage with a steep corrugated, iron roof painted red. The outside of the house had white paint on splayed timber weatherboards and blue trim around the door and the windows. The cottage was in dire need of a fresh coat of paint.

Yolanda opened the front door of her home and entered the darkened hallway. Her stepparents' bedroom was on the right. Her smaller bedroom was on the left with a bathroom and toilet adjoining it further down the hall. At the end of the hall was a large sitting room with a kitchen to the left. The Laundry was located through the back door on the back veranda. Lack of ventilation allowed the smell of stale cooking and mould to linger. Heavily draped curtains over dirty windows added gloom to the depressing and unwelcome interior inhabited by lazy, uncaring people. There were no pictures on the wall or a trinket case on display. There was no evidence of books or any intellectual material giving a hint of education. The people that lived here lacked pride and self-respect.

Yolanda's parents were in the family room, where they usually spent their time watching the telly after the evening meal. They seldom went out anywhere. Yolanda's stepdad went to the pub after work. He always had a drink with his mates and played a snooker game before coming home in time for his evening meal.

Yolanda's stepdad was sitting in his favorited chair near the hall door facing the television. He had his back to Yolanda, who stood in the doorway near the kitchen. Her stepmother occupied the only other lounge chair in the room. On the other side of the room, facing the television, was a dining room table and four chairs. It was the only other furniture in the room.

'Where have you been?' Her stepdad had yelled at her the moment he heard Yolanda come through the front door. 'Do you know how late it is?' The television was on with a loud football game occupying the screen. 'I went to Sydney for work today, had you forgotten?' She replied to her stepdad's back. He kept watching the football game on the television and shouted at her over the noise of the game. 'Your shop closes at five o'clock, and that is when you should have come home, it is now eight. Since when do you decide what you can do?' He asked with barely suppressed anger. 'You're underage and do as I tell you, or you will live to regret it, young lady, do you hear me?' He threatened. Composed but determined, Yolanda stood facing the back of her stepdad's chair. 'You didn't listen to what I said, did you? I went to Sydney today for work, and in case you haven't noticed, stepdad, this is 1970, and women have more freedom these days. In a couple of months, I will be twenty-one. By law, I will be an adult and free to make my own decisions and do as I please.' Dumbfounded, her stepdad heard her quietly talk back to him. He turned around in his swivel chair to face her, lost for words, unable to reply. By nature, he was a coward. When people stood up to him, he backed off with nothing to say. It was the first time Yolanda challenged his authority. She stood there, calmly facing him. He suddenly realized she was right; she was an adult and not a little girl anymore he could bully. Yolanda was a young woman who had outgrown his petty, abusive authority. Throughout the verbal exchange between Yolanda and her stepdad, her stepmother sat in disinterested silence, watching the television, and never looked to Yolanda or came to her defence. Her actions were those of a woman abused, living with a domineering and violent man.

Yolanda turned away from her stepdad and calmly went into the kitchen to find something to eat. She was hungry. Yolanda took the bread out of the cupboard. She went to the fridge to get the butter and cheese. Yolanda made herself a sandwich and poured a glass of milk. She took the meal to her bedroom to eat. Tonight, Yolanda was too elated and distracted to eat her meal at the table in the company of her stepparents. She wanted to daydream about Mark as she ate. Yolanda walked to her bedroom, closed, and locked the door behind her. She turned on the light and the heater to warm the room. She hopped her stepdad would not come and bellow outside the door at her. In previous years, he had come into her room, stood over her with his belt, ready to beat her. After her experience with the boys in town who threatened to rape her, Yolanda feared her stepdad would come to her room one night and do the same to her. Yolanda went to the hardware store and purchased a sturdy lock. With the advice of the salesperson, she knew how to install it. Before her stepdad came home from the pub, Yolanda had fitted the lock to her bedroom door. When her stepdad found out what she had done, he ranted and raved, wanting to remove the lock. It was one of those rare moments her stepmother intervened, and the lock remained on her door. Yolanda's bedroom became her sanctuary when things got out of hand between her stepparents. Yolanda felt safe in her room behind a locked door as the anger and violence reverberated between the cottage walls.

Yolanda sat on the edge of her bed to eat the sandwich and drink her milk. Yolanda thought back to her chance encounter with Mark. Her shoe caught on the antiskid strip near the door on the train. She tripped and fell off the train. In pure survival instinct, she reached out, wrapped her arms around Mark's neck as she fell into his strong arms. Yolanda didn't know what had come over her, but the sheer joy of seeing him again after all these years made her kiss him spontaneously. Not once, but twice, and he had kissed her back! She loved being in his arms again. When he kissed her back, it was the greatest joy she had ever felt in her life. When she kissed Mark, he had no idea who she was. Yolanda had to remind him of the time he had rescued her. Was he still the same person she had dreamed about all these years? 

Yolanda thought about Mark kissing her. She imagined how it would feel if Mark made love to her. Thinking of Mark, her thoughts gravitated to her cunny and masturbating. If she hurried up and got ready for bed quickly, she could indulge in her feelings for Mark and dream of loving him as she masturbated. She finished her snack and put the cup and plate on her nightstand. Yolanda fell backward on her bed stared up at the ceiling, thinking. 'Time for you to go to bed, young lady,' her stepdad hollered. 'I'm in bed,' she hollered back. There was nothing more to say. Yolanda got up, shed all her clothes, but kept her lace panties on. She put on her nighty and went to the bathroom.

Yolanda closed the bathroom door and locked it. She looked in the mirror as she brushed her teeth and took the makeup off her face. Yolandas' fresh, clean, youthful face did not need makeup. She only used eye shadow and lip-gloss to highlight her good features. She studied her lips. Mark was intrigued with her lips and her large breasts. Yolanda had been dreaming about Mark for years. She never thought she would ever see him again. Here he was in the living flesh, a gorgeous hunk of male, but he had not recognized her. That she had kissed him had even surprised her, it was a bold move, but it paid off a hundred-fold. To go with him for a drink was pure genius too. It worked perfectly. She even got an invitation to go out with him. Now to plan tomorrow night, what would she wear? Risk going dressed light and getting him to warm her up. That would be a good idea or, wear something just warm enough, so it is not apparent she set him up. It will be cold, a light jumper and jacket will be just right, but not enough. Forget the coat, she thought, just play dumb. Maybe wear her white blouse and plait mini kilt that will keep her bottom warm, if nothing else.

Standing before the mirror daydreaming. There was no way she would let him get away from her again without him knowing who she was. He had to love her otherwise; why would he have come to her aid. Hugging and kissing her the first time? Then she thought, would he love her now? It is five years, and he only saw her for that short time before he took her home and never came back. However, she was too young then. He had never asked her name. He had told her his name, but she had forgotten to ask him where he lived. She was too distraught thinking about what would have happened to her if the thugs had raped her. Please let him love me, she prayed into the ether.

Yolanda suddenly had to look at herself the way Mark had looked at her. Yolanda looked critically at her mouth. Did Mark really think she had nice lips? Yolanda took her nighty off and critically looked at her breasts. Yolanda looked at herself in different poses and concluded she did have lovely breasts, nice and firm. Many times, Yolanda had dreamt of Mark hugging and kissing her breasts. Her thoughts gravitated to her cunny. Would Mark kiss her cunny? She fervently hopped so. When she thought about Mark making love to her, kissing her cunny, she shivered in anticipation. It was her ultimate dream, Mark burying his face in her cunny. She had to get to her bed quick, lie down to dream of Mark as she explored her cunny. Yolanda put her nighty back on, unlocked the bathroom door, switched off the light, and quickly walked to her own bedroom, locking the door behind her.

Educated at a Catholic school, the Nuns taught Yolande that masturbation was a mortal sin. God punished mortal sins in the fires of hell. Masturbation defiled the body with impure thoughts about boys. Her body was the temple of the Holy Spirit. The Nuns taught her masturbation violated the sanctity of life. Because she had the gift of procreation, she was the moral compass for the boy she would marry. Boys could not control their animal nature. Therefore, she was the guardian of his soul. It was her moral duty to keep him safe from sin. Yolanda believed everything the Nuns taught her. The teaching of the Nuns became her core belief that guided her life. It made sense because boys were always thinking about sex. The girls at school often spoke about the difficulty they had with boyfriends. They said boys always wanted to get into their panties to have sex.

When Yolanda was a teen, she had her appendix removed. She asked her doctor about masturbation. The doctor was not a Catholic. Therefore, the doctor dismissed the question of mortal sin, and his health advice made a lot of sense. After speaking with the doctor, Yolanda had started to masturbate long before her sex education at school. Sex education came a little too late to prevent her from enjoying the feelings masturbation gave her. The doctor had told her that masturbation was a healthy practice. It was good for her body to relieve stress. Masturbation released the feel-good endorphins that had a positive effect on her wellbeing. As far as masturbation was concerned, she preferred to take the doctor's advice rather than listen to celibate Nuns who knew nothing about sex anyway. 

Masturbation was here to stay and enjoy as far as Yolanda was concerned. The other part about her being the guardian of a boy's soul she understood very well. After encountering boys who would have raped her, Yolanda knew the Nuns' advice was something not to ignore. She vowed that she would never be the cause of the moral downfall of a boy she loved.

Her bedroom was nice and warm by the time Yolanda got into bed. She pulled the blankets over herself. Yolanda luxuriously stretched out on her back like a cat and folded her hands over her tummy, thinking about Mark. Did Mark think she was fat? Am I getting fat?' She thought. She lifted her nighty, surveyed her body, feeling for flabbiness of her belly. She squeezed the skin together on her belly; that was the test for being fat, wasn't it?' Her hands gravitated lower over her skin and passed under the lace panties covering her cunny. She passed her fingers through her curly patch, loving the feel of it as it caressed her fingers. Then she touched the soft, velvety skin of her cunny. It felt nice to touch there. She liked the erotic sense it gave her when she licked her fingers after touching her cunny. She wondered what it would be like and blushed at the thought of Mark touching her there and tasting her cunny.

She heard about a Brazilian shave and was intrigued. She asked the hairdresser who shaved women's armpits and legs, so why not there? Would she dare to have a Brazilian shave and then show herself to Mark? She kept touching herself ever so gently, exploring the silky feel of skin on her fingers.

She was warm enough. She kicked the blankets off the bed because they were getting in the way of touching her cunny. She needed to get rid of her nighty and panties to give her freedom to explore her body. She sat up and lifted her nighty over her head, leaned back, lifted her bottom, slipping her panties down over her cheeks. Yolanda pulled her knees up to her chest and slipped her panties over her feet. She threw them up into the air and watched them fall to the ground. Now she was unrestricted to touch herself. With her other hand, she caressed her breasts and rolled her nipple between her thumb and forefinger. She lay there simply enjoying the sensations of touching the sensitive parts of her body. What would Mark think if he kissed her breasts? Would Mark want to kiss her down there and taste her cunny? The thought of Mark kissing her cunny exploded in her brain and intensified her longing. Yolanda blushed with anticipation at the thought. All Yolanda could think about was Mark making love to her while she touched her cunny.
 
Yolanda gave in to the flood of sensations that overwhelmed her. She shuddered as the intensity of her feelings took over any reason she may have had. Suddenly, Yolanda could no longer hold back and tipped over the edge into an explosion of her passion. Emotions, as she had never experienced before, coursed through her body. The feelings, so intense, Yolanda began to cry and couldn't stop. Her body was a pool of sensuality, feelings too deep and overpowering to contain. Yolanda had masturbated before, but nothing like this had ever happened. Now that Yolanda could think about the man she had met and loved for years, it had made all the difference to how she felt.

When Yolanda woke up in the morning, her first thoughts were, oh my God, my very first date with Mark is tonight, and I have nothing to wear. There is a beautiful outfit in the shop. What if I could pay it off? I will have to ask Margaret if she will deduct it from my wages.

4 Mark

Mark was an only child. His mother Jenny told Mark she had grown up in a Catholic orphanage. She had fallen pregnant when she was sixteen. The Nuns had arranged a marriage for her with Bill, the convent handyman. Bill was single and twice her age. According to Jenny, the Nuns told Jenny she had a choice. End up on the street as a prostitute or marry Bill, who would provide for her. She was no longer welcome to stay at the orphanage. She had to leave because she got herself pregnant. She was a bad example for the other girls.

Marks' parents' marriage was not happy. Mark's stepdad was a violent man having little patience or regard for his wife and son. Mark often saw large bruises on his mother's face and arms. He was a frequent witness to his stepdads' explosive violence. It was a volatile relationship. Mark was often the target of his stepdad's violence. Mark decided to put as much distance between him and his parent's living space. When he was still young, Mark had made the closed in back veranda his domain. Mark hated his stepdad. He was always in conflict with the man who did not understand him. Mark loved his mother, but she was incapable of showing him the love he so desperately needed. Mark could not understand the deep sadness inside his mother. His mother lives with a violent husband, trapped in a miserable marriage. The circumstances of her life were too much for her. Now, she cared little for those around her. By nature, Mark was an autistic recluse and happy to be alone, but he missed having a mother who loved and cared for him like other mothers of the kids at school. In his gut, he knew his mum loved him, but she rarely showed it.

Mark had attended the Catholic Brother's school. They were stern disciplinarians. Some had a cruel streak in them. The Brothers enjoyed punishing the boys and used a yard-long cane to inflict as much pain as possible. These cruel men also taught religion. In their eyes, God was a rigid disciplinarian. He believed what the Catholic brothers taught him. His autism would not tolerate deception. The Brother's taught Mark that masturbation was a mortal sin and he was destined for Hell. Mark took the teaching to heart and learned to despise and hate himself for his weakness. His inability to abstain from oral masturbation was a curse he carried with him all the time. Mark was serious about his religion. He loved God. Mark could not understand why God was so cruel. God was supposed to be caring and loving sinners unconditionally; he often thought about it. There was something wrong with the Catholic teaching. Mark could not put his finger on the wrongness he felt. Irrespective, masturbation was a big issue. He was the greatest sinner of all. Mark did not just masturbate; he stuck his erect member in his mouth to masturbate. That was the worst sin of all. Try as he might, he could not stop. He loathed himself every time he gave in and hated himself as he masturbated. Mark's self-loathing transformed into a sense of worthlessness. Mark believed he was unworthy of love. That was why his mother did not love him. Mark thought he would never find a girl who would think him worthy of love.

Mark needed order in his life. He arranged things in patterns. Mark had to be strictly honest. He could not substantiate a lie and make it stick with some fictional story. He had tried to lie, and they punished him severely when caught lying. Mark thought, telling a lie was not worth the consequences. Then he would say the wrong things at the wrong time. Sometimes, Mark made remarks people did not understand. Tested for intelligence, he received a high score, which showed he was not stupid, yet they said he did stupid things.

Mark treasured solitude and often sought a safe and secret place where he was undisturbed to speak with God. Mark talked about his loneliness and his inability to make friends. Constant grief was the root of his unhappiness. As a child, Mark sucked his thumb to feel good. As he grew older, he substituted his thumb for his erect penis when he felt stressed and needed consolation. He talked to God about his inability to stop masturbating, yet, subconsciously he needed masturbation to substitute for the lack of love in his life.

After his sex education at school, Mark's autism demanded that he get his feelings and actions under control. God forgave his ignorance before he knew masturbation was a mortal sin. Now that he knew his actions were sinful, there was no longer any excuse. Nothing would excuse him for his chronic oral masturbation. Mark tried to stop masturbating. When he did, he became a hopelessly frustrated, angry celibate teen with raging hormones. Celibacy was not on the menu. Mark could not sustain celibacy. No matter how much he felt disgusted at his own weakness, it was impossible to refrain from regular masturbation. Therefore, even as he masturbated, he was utterly disgusted with himself for his lack of self-discipline.

After taking Yolanda home, Mark drove his car to where he lived with his parents. He drove the car into the driveway past the empty fruit crates and vegetable boxes. He parked in front of the garage door. The garage was now a cool room to store the fresh vegetables and fruit before going into his parent's shop. Mark walked around the corner of the house to the back veranda door. He opened the door and walked past the laundry straight ahead to the kitchen door. Mark opened the door to the kitchen and went inside. He put the water kettle on to boil and looked through the kitchen door into the loungeroom where his parents' watched television. Neither acknowledged his presence in the house. Mark made himself a cup of coffee and thought about making a sandwich. On second thought, he did not feel inclined to eat. Mark felt antsy, nervous, and unsettled. Meeting Yolanda had seriously affected his emotional balance. He was horny as Hell and did not know what to do about it. Mark did not want to join his parents to watch television. He decided to go to the back veranda.

Mark had his bed and did his office work and quoting for jobs on the back veranda. He took the cup of coffee and went to his private domain, where he felt safe. The back veranda occupied the length of the back of the house. Coming out of the kitchen door on the left was the laundry. Mark occupied the right side of the veranda that butted against the back of the sitting room wall. In the far corner, Mark had his bed, lengthwise against the back of the house. There was enough space around the bed for comfortable movement. Separating the bed from view in the kitchen, Mark had his tallboy wardrobe side on, with the doors facing his bed. There was a small bedside cupboard between the bed and wardrobe. The furniture arrangement gave Mark sufficient privacy not to feel crowded. With his bed obscured from the kitchen, Mark had a semi-alcove. The wardrobe contained his clothes and other personal items. His desk was opposite the bed against the outer wall of the veranda. The veranda had windows all along the outside wall. In winter, the back veranda was bitterly cold. Mark had bought a space heater and placed it near his desk. He needed warmth and comfort when he wrote quotes for the jobs he wanted.

Mark switched on the soft light above his bed. He placed his cup of coffee on the cupboard beside the bed. He lay down on his bed to think. The room was warming up. Mark thought about Yolanda as he looked up at the ceiling. His thoughts wandered to her gorgeous breasts and lips. He reimagined holding her in his arms and kissing her. Mark thought about Yolanda's' how much he wanted to touch her. Mark sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He released his erect member from his trousers to masturbate. After a few strokes, Mark bent over and clamped his mouth around his erection, stroking with his tongue until his feelings rose. Mark came in a flood of emotion and shame. That he would do a thing like that while he thought of Yolanda was the height of depravity. Mark loathed himself for masturbating yet was unable to stop. What would Yolanda think if she knew what he had done?

Mark suffered chronic depression and felt the emptiness reach deep into his soul. Mark was seldom happy and smiled very little. His life was a graveyard of broken promises and love denied, pointless and empty. His teachers and the kids at school had done a good job of making Mark feel worthless. They had convinced him he was a waste of space. Suicide and self-harm frequently played on his mind. Mark was alone and unloved. Marks' inability to refrain from oral masturbation and the guilt of sin on his conscience contributed to his belief he was unworthy of love. Yolanda's declaration of love was a ray of hope in his otherwise dark, loveless existence. It filled Mark with dread this new relationship was unreal and would not last.

In his last year at school, Mark did a vocational guidance test that showed an aptitude for woodwork or a mechanical profession. When Mark brought the result home to his parents, his stepdad looked at it and told him it was bullshit. His stepdad tore it up and threw it in the rubbish bin. True to his autistic nature, Mark needed guidance, someone to point him in the right direction to get him started.

The vocational guidance report should have been the incentive for his stepdad to talk to Mark about his choice for a career that would suit him, but that never happened. Mark was mentally incapable of finding the starting point to kick-start a career in some form of trade. While other youths were decisive about their career choice, Mark grasped at straws with no idea what would suit his abilities.

Mark drifted in no man's land for several years before someone pointed out to him, he had a gift for woodwork and suggested that he apply for an apprenticeship in the building trade. Mark looked at the job ads in the paper and found what he was looking for. A builder was offering an apprenticeship in carpentry to bright you men. Mark applied for the apprenticeship with the builder and worked at his trade until he qualified. During his apprenticeship, Mark had the same bullying problem with the men he experienced at school. To get away from working with bullies, Mark decided to work by himself after qualifying in his trade. He started up his own business in home maintenance and repair.

5 Relationships

After leaving school, Mark joined a youth group from his Church. The senior boy who led the group impressed him. After some time of attending the youth group, Mark started to trust the boy. He approached him and asked if they could become friends. The boy looked disgusted at Mark, like he was dog shit under his shoe, saying nothing, he walked away. Mark was devastated and never returned to the group.

During the years he drifted in limbo, Mark worked in his parent's fruit and vegetable shop. He used the money he earned to purchase an old motorbike. When Mark was not working, he liked to ride his bike around the district. Mark avoided contact with boys. After his experience with the boys at school and the youth group, he never trusted boys again. Mark hated their bullying and dismissive attitude towards him.

Over the years, Mark had dated some of the girls he knew from school. He never went to a restaurant to have a special dinner with them. Mark could not afford it. He usually took the girls for window-shopping at night. They talked about anything and everything. Then they would go to a cafe and have a coke. Mark told the girls he could not afford to spend money because he saved every cent to pay for his motorbike. He gave them the choice of coming out with him for a walk and talk or staying home. They usually came out with him. It was a platonic relationship, with no hint of sex or cuddling and kissing in the dark. He did not want to get involved in a relationship he could not afford. They invariably ended up in a café and talked for hours.

One topic that often cropped up was bullying. At first, Mark talked to a girl about it, and they discussed it in general terms. Mark soon discovered that the bullying girls did was much more vindictive. Boys usually went in for a quick kill; girls carved each other up in small pieces. The most common complaint from girls was the overbearing attitude and aggressive violence from boys when they confronted girls. It was always about sex. Girls were especially vulnerable when a male became aggressive because he used his superior strength to overpower them. Rape was the most common form of sexual assault. Even though Mark had no understanding of what rape was, he understood the boys physically abused and hurt a girl. Mark would do all in his power to protect them from harm. It happened on more than one occasion where he intervened and rescued a girl from the grabbing paws of bullies. They always grabbed the girl's breasts. If the girl tried to fight back, she usually got a mighty punch in her face.

Mark would not tolerate a casual romantic dalliance, a one-night stand, or imagined love. Other guys thought girls owed them sex if they went out on a date. Birth control was not readily available. It never occurred to Mark. Besides, parents were not tolerant about their daughters getting pregnant. There was no way he was going to compromise a girl. He did not want to get a girl pregnant. If he did, he would have to marry her. Just because he could not keep his pencil in its pouch. No sir, he did not want to be in a relationship from which he could not escape. Besides, if masturbation would get him into the fiery pit of Hell from which there was no escape, just think about what would happen if he got a girl, he did not love pregnant. What kind of projected Hell that would be? No, thank you, that was not for him. There is no compromising. Stay away from casual sex and don't get a girl pregnant or play the field and pay the price.

As was his habit, Mark had ridden his motorbike into town one night on a window-shopping date. The girl he was with did not like motorbikes. She caught the bus into town, where they met at a cafe. They were contentedly drinking their coffee when he noticed she looked a little green. Suddenly, she rushed out of the shop, dashed towards the gutter, and vomited her coffee all over the road. It was not a pretty sight. She excused herself and said she wanted to take the bus back home. He volunteered to go with her, but she refused to let him escort her home. It would mean that he would have to catch the bus back into town to get his motorbike and then ride it home. 'It's my usual monthly,' she said, 'nothing to worry about.' He did not know what a usual monthly was, but he was concerned, and as they talked, her bus pulled up at the curb, and she got on. There was nothing to do now the girl had gone, so he decided to go home.

Waiting for her bus to go, Mark noticed a confrontation in the park opposite to where he stood. A group of boys was harassing a young girl. Mark liked girls; he didn't like bullies. It was time for him to play the hero. He crossed the road and walked up to the group. Mark asked the girl what was happening. She was very young and tried to be brave. The tears on her face told him otherwise. He told the boys to get going. They tried to stand up to him, but he would have none of it. He was wearing his black bike jacket and flying boots. The boys thought he belonged to a motorbike gang. Motorbike gangs were notoriously violent. The boys were scared. Tall and well-built from a lot of physical work, Mark looked like he could handle himself. Mark told them to go for a second time. The boys were cowards. They would abuse a defenceless young girl, but they feared him and his determination to defend the girl. They slinked away, calling obscenities at him and the girl. If they had decided to stay, Mark would have landed the first punch before they could mount a challenge. Mark ignored them and asked the girl if she was all right. The girl was visibly shaking, with tears in her eyes and sobbing quietly. She said she was scared that they would rape her. 'I could not get them to stop. They were trying to force me to go with them. If you had not come to help me, they would have hurt me,' she said. 'They have a van parked just around the corner of the park near the toilet block where they were going to rape me. They have been following me.' She sobbed. If they could have gotten me into the van, I might be dead by now.' He wrapped his arms around her and allowed her to cry on his shoulder to settle her overwrought emotions. 'Scum,' he thought to himself. He just stroked her back and hugged her tight until she stopped sobbing and composed herself. She had her arm wrapped around him and hanging on to him for dear life. Mark impulsively kissed her on the top of her head. She smelled of lavender, and when her smooth, silky hair touched his lips, he deepened the kiss. Feeling protective of her, he kissed her a second time. Mark hugged her tighter, lingering over the feel of her in his arms. 'What were you doing here late at night, all by yourself,' he asked.' I go to the evening college up the street to learn bookkeeping, shorthand, and typing.' came the muffled reply against his chest. 'The lessons are from 6 to 9, and I am on my way to the bus stop to go home.'

When she quietened down, he relaxed his hold on her. 'What are you going to do now?' He asked. 'You kissed me,' she said, looking up at him with big, tear-filled eyes. 'Yes, I did,' he replied. 'You kissed me twice!' She replied. 'Yes, because you were crying and shaking and very scared, and you needed someone to love and kiss you to make you feel better.' She continued to look at him with big round eyes but made no further comment. 'What is your name?' she asked. 'Mark,' he told her. She turned her face away from him and looked around her, 'I am alright. I am going to wait for my bus now and go home.' She replied. 'I can't let you be by yourself now. I don' know where those boys are, but they are the type that doesn't take defeat lightly. You are not safe waiting here by yourself. I have a motorbike across the road. if you like, I can give you a lift home.' 'Yes, please,' she replied.

He gave her a cursory look. She was a pretty thing with dark curly hair and beautiful brown eyes. Mark guessed she was no more than about fifteen or sixteen years old. Mark took her by the hand and walked with her across the road where he had parked his bike. Mark got on the bike and let the girl get on behind him. 'Put your arms around my middle and hold on tight.' he said. She leaned into him, resting her head against his shoulder. She wrapped her arms tight around his middle. Mark started the bike and rode gently so as not to scare her and took her home. When Mark stopped the bike, the girl got off; she wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him in a tight embrace. The girl kissed him on his lips. Mark instinctively wrapped his arm around the girl as she kissed him. He loved the feel of her in his arms. The girl looked him in the eye and said, 'you kissed me twice, I love you. Then she kissed him for the second time. She did the same as he had done; she lingered over the kiss for a long moment before she broke the kiss.' Then she was gone.

The girl had stunned Mark with her response to the help he had given her. He would never forget her kiss. It was his first kiss from a girl who said she loved him. A gentle sense of peace had come over him. A girl had said she loved him. There was hope for the future. Mark looked around to make sure the boys had not followed him to her home. It had riled him no end to see a bunch of cowards like them take on a defenceless young girl unable to fight back. Mark hated bullies. Rescuing the girl was intrinsic to his caring nature. It was something he could not ignore. Mark rode home, thinking about the soft and loving kiss on his lips from a very young and pretty girl. He was twenty-one. This was the first kiss Mark had ever received from a gorgeous girl. It was the most beautiful gift of love he had ever received.

6 The date

On the morning following his meeting with Yolanda, Mark booked an exclusive restaurant in town for their dinner. That evening he got ready for his date with Yolanda and did his best to dress up for the occasion. He had polished his shoes to a bright shine, put on his light grey pants and navy-blue sports jacket over a pale blue shirt with long sleeves and navy-blue tie. Mark fitted a pair of silver cuff links to his sleeves that complemented his elegant dress code. He went to the mirror to see how he looked. Mark was happy with what he saw. Hansom you, he said to himself and smiled as he turned away from the mirror, ready to pick up Yolanda and go courting.

Mark drove to Yolanda's home, got out of his car, and walked to the front door. He rang the bell. A man opened the door. He looked the bruiser type, good for bar fights and alleyways. 'What ye want?' he said. 'I am here to pick up Yolanda.' Then Yolanda appeared behind the man and said,' move, stepdad, he is my date.' Yolanda took Mark by the hand and led him past the man, through the hallway into the sitting room. She was going to introduce him to her stepparents.

Yolanda looked dressed to kill. She wore an elegant white V-neck wool jumper over a flared cream mini skirt exposing most of her gorgeous thighs. She wore shimmering black stockings on her elegant long legs and a pair of black high-heel pumps on her feet. In her hands, she held a simple black sequenced clutch purse that matched the high gloss of her shoes. Her short hair was a wild crown of black curls and waves that cascaded around her lovely face. She wore no makeup, except for red lipstick, relying on her natural healthy good looks. She wore no adornment on her hands and arms. Around her neck, she wore a silver chain with a silver pendant and a blue sapphire centrepiece. Her lack of makeup and the elegance of her simple clothes were all she needed to make her the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.

Mark followed Yolanda into the family room of a typical worker's cottage that held no appeal. Yolanda's stepparents were a middle-aged couple rather stayed and old fashioned. They suited their unattractive surroundings perfectly. The man had followed them into the living room. He looked at Yolanda and barked at her, 'who gave you permission to go out on a date?' He did not allow Yolanda to open her mouth to respond. Yolanda's face dropped, and the silent tears came. The man then turned to Mark, looking him over with veiled disapproval. Before Mark could open his mouth, he received the opening salvo with both barrels loaded. 'You a toff or something, what you want with her?' He said, giving a dismissive nod to Yolanda. Mark was unprepared for the salvo. 'Ah…, I am taking her out to dinner.' He replied. 'No fancy deserts.' The man said. Mark frowned, 'what do you mean by that?' He asked. The man looked at the girl, pointed to her mini skirt, 'she's dressed like a fucking tart, and she wants you to stick it up her, no doubt.' This was something so foreign to Mark he stood rooted to the floor, unable to respond to such a blatant insult. 'Why do you want to go out to some fancy restaurant, so you get her for sweets after? You could have a meal here, and it cost you nothing. How old are you? Never mind, your too old for her anyway? My stepdaughter is a target for people like you. Fuck m' and leave m', that is what fancy people like you do. Fuck m' and leave m,' and we get to look after the consequences. That is not going to happen, missy.' He said, turning to Yolanda.' You fuck him and get pregnant, and before you know it, I'll have you with the good Sisters in Sydney. You will never see mister fancy pants here again, nor your kid. The Nuns will put him up for adoption. That is what will happen to you, you slut. You hear me, going out dressed like that, half-naked. Do you want him to fuck you? You're asking to get fucked dressed like that. Serves you right if he fucks you, serve you fucking right!'

The man turned to Mark again and looked him in the eye. 'So, tell me, why don't you go out with older women your own age, hey?' Then he said, 'you're a fucking spend-thrift; that's what you are, a fucking spend-thrift.' Too stunned to respond, Mark thought, oh my god, what is this all about? 'I aint ever taken Laura out to dinner,' the man continued, 'can't see why her daughter has too.' Mark came to himself. This was the end. What a farce, Mark thought. He could not stand this small-minded vulgar pettiness anymore, especially how the man was spoiling this very special occasion for his stepdaughter. This outing was a huge thing for Yolanda, Mark realised. It was the first time she had gone out with a boy. Invited by him to a restaurant for a special meal outside her home. He shook his head at the bitterness that radiated from the man.

Mark's temper was boiling with suppressed anger; he looked at the man, aching to give him a five-finger sandwich in his mouth, a full fist, right in his gob thought Mark. Mark turned to Yolanda and took her by the hand. He brought her in front of him while he had his back turned to the man. With his other hand on her spine, he guided her past the man. 'Come with me, he said to Yolanda, 'I am not going to listen to any more vulgar insults from that man.' Mark walked her into the hallway and took her coat and scarf of the coat hook on the wall as he passed. He helped Yolanda into her coat, keeping his back to the man. Mark shielded Yolanda from him, just in case her stepdad wanted to hit her. Putting his hand on her back, he guided her out of the house to his car.

Mark opened the front door of the car for her to get in. As she got into the car, she smoothed her coat over her thigh and down her leg in an unconscious sexual gesture that made him hold his breath. Since leaving the house, she had not looked at him once but had turned away to let her hair shade her face. He walked around the car and got in. Before Mark started the car, he looked at her. Yolanda was looking out of the side window. In her reflection, Mark saw tears streaming down her face. She was trembling with suppressed emotion and stifling her sobs, not wanting him to see she was crying. He let her cry silently, reached over to hold her hand in her lap, and gave it a gentle squeeze. 'I am so sorry, he said softly as he looked at her. He was a sucker for girl tears, and he could not imagine the hurt that she was feeling. He wanted to kiss her and tell her it would be all right. Mark wanted to tell her he loved her. He wanted to protect her from the vindictiveness of her stepdad. Protect her, as he had protected her from the boys who had tried to abduct and rape her.

'Oh my God, what am I thinking?' He sat up straight by the sudden thought that had him completely bewildered. Where did that come from, an admission that he loved her? No, he told himself, this could not be happening. He didn't even know the girl. He looked at her again as she turned her face towards him and saw her tears as she was looking back at him. My God, he thought she was beautiful. Yolanda's eyes were brilliant pools of tears filled with emotion, and… dare he say it…. love? His heart filled to the brim with his feelings for her. 'Is this love? Does love feel like this?' He asked himself. He shook his head to clear the cobwebs and let out a worried sigh. Mark turned away from Yolanda. He focused his attention back on the car and started the engine.

As he was driving, his mind was in turmoil. 'What if Yolanda turned out to be like her parents?' 'God, help me, I could not live with that.' He had heard the old saying, like mother, like daughter. 'Oh, dear God, please do not let it be so.' He could not imagine her being so small-minded and vindictive. Yet, the seed of doubt was there; what if? Then it occurred to him, these people were stepparents, not her real parents. And a sense of relief flooded his inner core. How am I going to deal with this? Mark thought. 

He was driving on automatic. Mark's mind was not on the road when suddenly car horns were blaring. A car came out from nowhere, flying past. Shit, shit, shit, watch where you're going, you idiot, he scolded himself. Then he noticed he was way over the speed limit. If he wasn't careful, he would have an accident, so… slow down, he thought. Yolanda seemed not to have noticed, at least that is what he thought; she had made no comment but stared out the windshield with a haunted look on her face. He really felt for her, and the anger was rising again. He thought I would like to do something nasty to these people. They should be happy for their one and only child. She was all they had. Why did they have to be so nasty and horrible to her? He just could not bear it.

Mark was still simmering with anger as they arrived at their destination. When Mark came to the restaurant, he stopped the car and went around it to open the car door for Yolanda. She looked up at him with a sombre expression on her tear-stained face, wondering what his reaction would be after meeting her stepparents. He extended his hand; she took it and alighted from the car. Mark asked her to wait for him inside the door to the restaurant. He went back to the car, drove out of the drop-off zone, and went to park the car. Yolanda opened the door to the restaurant and went inside. She looked distracted, fumbling with her clutch purse as Mark drove away.

Mark walked back to the restaurant and opened the door. Yolanda was not aware of him coming up behind her as she stood looking into the restaurant. Yolanda held her clutch purse in front of her. She looked beautiful. As he came up to her, he noticed Yolanda had tried to remove the tearstains from her face. It was not as perfect as it had been before. Mark loved her even more for it. He just could not help what he was feeling. Mark was too scared to tell her. He just did not know if the moment had carried him away or if his feelings for her were for real. Only time will tell. He was not yet ready for a permanent relationship. That was still a long way off into the future. After all, she would still require permission from her stepparents. From what he had seen tonight, that would be a long time coming. Besides, she was twenty, and he was twenty-six. He had no doubt that her parents would not allow her to marry before she was twenty-one. Were they right for each other? Would the age difference be a deciding factor? He just didn't know. They had time on their side. Things would work out somehow. Just go slow, he told himself, just gently love her and let things work out by themselves.

Mark could see the wonder on Yolanda's face as she looked around the room. 'This is expensive,' she whispered, 'are you sure you can afford this? We could always go and find a cheaper place somewhere?' The sad sincerity in her eyes told him all there was to know about this lovely girl. Her concern for his financial status had little Miss Fix-It come to the fore, and she was eager to let him know any other place was just as good. This restaurant was not the kind of luxury she had expected. Mark could only smile. He would spend a fortune on her if only he could, but that is not what she wanted. All Yolanda cared for was a dark, curly-headed boy with broad shoulders who would love her and give her children and stay with her forever.

Mark helped Yolanda out of her coat. He was holding it for her when the waiter came up to them and asked if they had a booking. Mark told him yes, and gave his name. The waiter showed Mark ware to leave their coats. After mark deposited their coats, the waiter led them to their table. Mark helped Yolanda with her seating and sat opposite her at the table. Once they sat down, the waiter rattled off the specials for the night in accented French and asked what they would like to drink. Mark did not like alcohol, especially when he was driving so, he asked his date what she wanted to drink, 'water please,' she said. 'The same for me,' Mark replied. The waiter gave Mark 'the look’ he reserved for poor people, and with a shrug of his shoulders, he dumped the menus on the table in disgust and walked away. 

Mark did not like the waiter's attitude; his money was as good as anyone else's was. They scrutinised their menus, and Mark could see why it confused Yolanda; the whole menu was in French. Why do people do this, Mark thought? It is pretentious and rude. Mark called the waiter over and said, 'we will have the barbeque buffalo… whole please.' The waiter looked at him as if thunderstruck. 'Sorry Sir,' he said again in accented French, 'we have Porterhouse steak tonight with vegetables, and we don't B B Q buffalo whole, Sir.' 'Why didn't you say so earlier, Mark replied. 'I did, the waiter said.' 'In French,' said Mark, 'but this is Australia. We speak English. We will settle for a medium-rare for me and the lady she can tell you for herself what she likes.' 'I'll have what he's having,' she replied with tongue in cheek. The waiter walked off in a huff. Bugger him Mark thought, this is Australia. If the frogs don't live here, I do not want their language pushed in my face.

Mark was intent on enjoying the evening. He was with a beautiful girl. It seemed Yolanda had forgotten the unpleasantness of Mark meeting her stepparents. Yolanda was smiling again. It was so nice to see her happy face. Mark loved her happy nature. It was a joy to be with her, and he looked forward to the next time he could take her out again. She must have seen his intent gaze on her. Yolanda reached over the table to take his hand in hers and squeezed it lightly. The look on her face told him a million things all at once. She loved him. It showed it in her eyes for all to see. The conversation flowed with ease throughout the night. Yolanda spoke about her work in the dress shop. She also spoke a little about her home. Mark told Yolanda about his work in the fruit shop. Yolanda, aware Mark did not speak about his parents, wondered why he didn't?

The evening wore on pleasantly for Yolanda and Mark. Before they were aware, it was time to take Yolanda home. Mark regretted that his time with her was ending. He wanted to see her again. Mark thought there was something beautiful about her that touched his soul. It seemed as if he had known her all his life and that they already knew each other intimately. What Mark felt for Yolanda was so much more than he had ever experienced with any other girl. Mark thought of his admission that he loved Yolanda. A strange and comfortable feeling settled over him when he thought this girl could be the girl, he had waited for all his life. Marks' common sense told him to take it easy and to slow down. He could, in all honesty, not afford a girlfriend in his life while he was struggling financially to establish his business. Yet, Mark could not tolerate the idea of not seeing her again. From their previous conversations, he knew that Yolanda had put her claim on him. She was not likely to let him go that easy. Yolanda said she had loved him for the five years since he had rescued her. she would be prepared to wait a little longer until he had his priorities sorted out.

At the end of the evening, Yolanda got up from the table and made ready to leave the restaurant. Mark followed Yolanda and walked up to the service desk to pay for their dinner. Mark collected their coats as he walked to the door. Mark helped Yolanda put on her scarf and coat. As Mark walked out of the door, he donned his own scarf and coat. Mark had asked Yolanda to wait inside the door to the restaurant while Mark got the car. He did not want her exposed to the cold or to any passer-by who thought she was easy prey. Mark stopped the car at the curb where Yolanda was waiting for him. He got out of the car to open the car door for Yolanda. Yolanda got into the car. Mark shut the door behind her. He walked around the front to the driver's side, got in, and drove away.

7 Making friends

They drove to her home in comfortable silence. When Mark arrived at their destination, he stopped the car but let the engine run to keep the car warm. Mark turned to Yolanda and said, 'you'll be okay?' 'I have lived with my stepparents for twenty years; a few more months won't make it any different.' 'What are you planning to do when you turn twenty-one?' 'Don't know yet, but I am not staying with them.' 'What you said, the woman is not your mother?' 'No, she adopted me when my parents died.' 'What were your parents like?' 'Don't know. I don't know anything about my family background. There are no records.' 'Surely, when your stepmother adopted you, there must have been some paperwork?' 'She told me that I was a foundling.' 'That is what happened to my mother.' Said Mark' What, are you an orphan too?' 'No, not me, my mother was. She grew up in an orphanage with the Nuns. When she fell pregnant with me, she had to leave. The Nuns found a husband for her.' 'So, what is she like?' 'My mum is shut off from the world. There is no happiness in her. Not a good marriage, I am afraid. My stepdad beats her all the time. He says Satan possesses her.' 'Do you think she is?' 'No, I don't. She is a very sad person, and she suffers a lot under the hands of my stepdad.' 'Why doesn't she leave him?' 'We're Catholic, and divorce is not allowed. Besides, my stepdad will notify the police, and they would only bring her back if she ran away. She has no legal rights.

The church says she must suffer her given lot in life. The priest that married her keeps checking up on her all the time.' 'Who is the priest?' 'Fr. O'Brien. He's been our parish priest for as long as I can remember.' 'I know him ‘ 'What do you think of him?' Mark asked. 'He's creepy. I don't like him.' 'Yea, I know what you mean. I don't like him either. Anyway, let's leave him be. I want to talk to you about coming out with me again. 

Because I worked for myself, I must see customers, quote on jobs, and work. It leaves me short on spare time I can spend with you. Can we work around that?'. 'Yes,' Yolanda said, 'How about we meet on the weekend? That would be lovely if you can make it?' 'I work on Saturdays, but I have some free time on Sundays. How would that suit you?' He asks. 'Great, what time?' 'How about we meet after lunch?' 'Okay, by me.' She replied. 'You said your mother lived in an orphanage when she fell pregnant. How come? I thought orphanages strictly supervised girls' outings. Did she sneak out and got pregnant, or was she raped like almost happened to me?' 'Don't know. She refuses to talk about it; she won't say who my father is.' 'Well, obviously, it is not your stepdad. Did she get pregnant outside the orphanage?' 'As I said, I don't know.' 'She must have if she lived in a girl's orphanage. She couldn't get pregnant living with girls. There must have been some man who came into the orphanage. But who could that be?' 'I have never thought about it.' Mark said. Yolanda changed the subject and asked, 'why don't I come to your place and sit with you while you work on your quotes?' 'I would love that, but I don't have a room of my own. I sleep on the back veranda, and there is little room for an extra chair.' 'Why?' 'My stepdad and I don't get along. He fights with me and hits my mum all the time. If I interfere, he will knock me for six. He is a brute of a man and very strong. I try to keep out of his way as much as I can. I sit at my desk to do my paperwork.' 'Why do you stay?' 'I stay for my mum. I do love her. If I leave, I think my stepdad will kill her with his violence.' 'Have you been to the police?' 'Makes no difference. They don't do anything. The law is on my stepdad's side, he can do with his wife as he likes, and the cops can't stop him.' 'That is the same with my stepdad.' Yolanda says with resignation. 'Wish I could leave now. You see how he treats me even though I am almost twenty-one. I hate him!'

'Want to meet me on Sunday?' 'Yes, where?' she asked. 'At the café where we had the coffee, is that okay with you?' 'Sure. What time?' 'How about one o'clock, will that suit you?' He asked. 'Fine, see you then.' Yolanda opened the car door and was about to step out of the car when Mark stopped her. 'Wait, before you go. I must be honest with you. Tonight, was special. I can't afford expensive outings, especially if we make it a regular thing. I am sorry about that; I am still building up my business. I have many expenses and little money for myself. Is that okay by you?' Yolanda looked at Mark and saw his honesty and embarrassment at having to tell her his financial situation. She felt a warm love for him in her heart. 'I love you.' She said. Mark stopped her from getting out of the car. 'Wait.' He said, 'I have to open the door for you. That is what a servant does, right?' She laughed. 'Okay then, go and open the door for your lady, Sir Galahad.'

The following Sunday, Mark drove to Yolanda's home after lunch and found her waiting outside the front door wrapped up in her scarf and coat and wearing boots. As Mark pulled up at the curb, Yolanda opened the car door and sat herself down. 'Let's go to the café?' He said. 'No, let's go for a bit of a drive,' she suggested. 'Okay,' he replied and drove the car to the front of the next house and stopped. Yolanda gave him a puzzled look and waited for him to start driving again. 'What are you doing?' 'I did as you asked,' he replied, 'I gave you a bit of a drive.' She was still looking at him. Then it dawned on her. 'Oh, you are so funny. You're killing me.' She said, laughing. 'You're a real clown. You know that?' 'I thought to give you a thrill,' he replied. 'You certainly did that. I can't wait for the next time you take me for a drive, and where will that be, a turn around the block and parking across the road?' She asked. 'If that thrills you, I can do that for you. I can even go one house further up if you like?' 'That would be too far; I couldn't take it. It would tire me out,' she said.

'Well, how about an ice cream? He asked. 'Only if you can afford It.' she replied. 'Here you go then, would this do?' Mark produced two ice creams from behind the seat. 'Are you a magician as well?' 'Absolutely, conjured them up out of thin air for you,' 'You are the best,' she said, 'there is nothing better than a freezing ice cream on a cold winter's day.' 'I thought you'd be pleased.' They took the wrapping of their ice creams and began licking the cold confection contentedly. 'We should do this again sometime,' she remarked. 'Nah, too much effort, said Mark.' 'Would you like to go for a walk,' she asked. That would be much easier.' 'Can't afford that either, just too expensive for my taste.' 'You know, you're a cheapskate, don't you?' She said. 'My hallmark,' he replied. 'But if you want to go for a walk in the cold, I won't stop you. I can wait in the car and keep warm while you walk and freeze your but off,' he suggested. 'No thanks,' I think I will keep you company and keep my butt warm in the car.' 'How'd you like your drive so far?' He asked. 'Oh, I just love the scenery,' she responded. 'Yea, should do it again next week, I think unless you have a better idea?' 'No, this was a wonderful surprise, but you'd be overdoing it for sure. Can't spoil a good thing, can we?' 'No, I supposed not, but you're right. Must think of something new for next Sunday.

Their comfortable banter was a delight for them both. Mark was surprised Yolanda enjoyed his off-key banter. Normally by now, girls thought he was nuts and couldn't follow his humour, but Yolanda not only loved it, but she also played along.

They were behaving like an old couple who had been together for years. Their camaraderie was easy and not lost on either of them. They felt no tension or discomfort being in the company of each other, and Mark decided to comment on their easy and relaxed budding friendship. 'You know,' he said, 'I have been out with a lot of girls over the years, but I have never felt so comfortable in the company of any girl.' 'Neither have I,' she replied, 'but then again, I am not inclined to date girls.' 'You're very funny, ha, ha!' He said, 'I am serious. I love being with you. It's as if we have known each other for years.' 'We have! Only you waited until now to try to do something about it!' 'Gees, you're sharp today.' He replied. 'Well, someone has to get this relationship moving.' 'You're killing me with your humour you know that?' He said. 'Glad to be of service,' she replied. 'Are we friends now?' He asked. 'I don't know, are we?' She said, thinking, then she said, 'you kissed me five times, that is better than a good start for a friendship. I think that is a relationship, don't you?' 'Hold on a minute he said. I only kissed you twice five years ago; all the other kisses came from you. That reminds me; you miss counted your kisses. You kissed me when I brought you home on the bike. You kissed me then. It was the first kiss I have ever had from a girl and the only one until you kissed me again at the railway station.' When she heard his admission, she was the only girl he had ever kissed; her heart raced with joy, knowing he had been out with many girls and never kissed anyone except her.

She looked thoughtfully at him, 'I normally don't go around kissing people to start a friendship,' she replied. 'I only do that with a person I love, and if they kiss me back as you did, then I think the relationship is worth pursuing.' 'Yes, but that is not friendship. I think that is love, don't you?' 'Are you telling me you're in love with me,' she asked. 'Don't know, have to think about it,' he said. 'Coward,' she replied. 'Afraid to commit, are you?' 'No, but so far, the marriages I know about are no recommendation for pursuing that idea. No, I will only commit to someone when I have met the right person.' He replied. 'And have you met her?' 'God, I hope so.' said Mark. 'And who might that be?' She asked. 'No point telling you, you won't believe me.' 'Is that so?' she queried. 'I'm sure of it.' He replied. I'll let you know when the time is right.' 'Okay,' she said.

They continued their light-hearted banter for a while longer. The time was running away from them. Mark had to go home to prepare quotes for customers the following day. He got out of the car and opened the door for her, stepping to the side to let her pass by. 'See you next week?' he asked. 'I'll think about it and let you know,' she replied and disappeared into the front door of her home.

The following week they went to a café and talked for a couple of hours before Mark again had to leave to prepare quotes for his work. This routine was becoming a habit with them. They only saw each other for a few hours each Sunday afternoon and the rest of the week was work and phone calls for them both.

One day, Yolanda asked Mark again if she could come to his home and keep him company while working on quotes for customers. Mark hesitated. He thought about the unwelcome atmosphere at home and the tension that existed between him and his parents. The animosity between his parents. He did not think it was a good idea. He again tried to explain to Yolanda. It embarrassed him that he could not take her home with him. 'Sorry he said, I told you my circumstances at home are far from Ideal. Besides, you would be too much of a distraction when I must concentrate on my work. My livelihood depends on it. I cannot guess what the cost would be for the job. I must give people a fair price which covers all my expenses and not too much for the customer to pay. I love the idea of you being with me while I work. Regretfully, I have to decline your offer.'

8 Forcing a commitment.

Months slipped by, with no appreciable change in their relationship. They had become regular good friends. It was almost summer and coming towards the end of the year. Yolanda asked Mark if he would like to take her to a dance at the town hall on Saturday night. Mark was a good dancer and obliged. They decided to meet at seven pm at her parent's place. When Mark turned up, Yolanda was waiting at the gate dressed in a red lightweight summer mini dress with a flared skirt. She looked nice. By the sparkle in her eyes, he knew she was up to something. They arrived at the town hall. They paid for their attendance and walked into a crowded hall to find a place to sit.

The music was old-time. When a waltz started, Mark took Yolanda to the floor. It soon became obvious that he was a good dancer. Yolanda had not an ounce of rhythm in her toes. Mark became a little frustrated with her tripping all over him so that he finally stopped in the middle of the floor with other couples bumping into them.

'Tell me, are you for real or not.' Mark asked her. Yolanda looked up at him. 'What do you mean?' 'Can you dance?' He asked. 'Not really.' 'Why did you want to go dancing if you cannot dance?' 'Because I feel like dancing, she said. Once again beaten by impossible female logic, Mark felt the panic rising. He was in quicksand once again. With caution, Mark continued to lead her across the floor. He tried very hard to avoid her lethal steps on his toes. He was angry; this was a typical autistic response from Mark to her seeming illogical behaviour. Mark's autism needed things to be right. If she could not dance, then what was the point of going to a dance? Mark realised, if he loved the girl, he should be more accommodating. To be more relaxed and enjoy the girl's company. He had to laugh as she once again said 'sorry' after a noticeable miss-step on his foot. Just out of sheer enjoyment of her innocence, he embraced her, leaned over to put a lingering kiss on her head. As he was kissing her, she froze, and when he wanted to continue dancing, she remained standing still like a wooden block. Mark almost fell on her. Mark was swaying to keep his balance while trying to sort out his feet. 'Come on,' he said, agitated. She did not move. 'What's the matter?' he asked. She looked at him, 'you kissed me,' she said. 'Yes, I did,' 'why?' She asked. Mark. He decided to be honest. There was no way he could spin a yarn. 'Because I wanted to,' he told her, 'I love being with you and holding you in my arms. It reminded me of the day you embraced and kissed me at the railway station.'

They were still standing in the middle of the dance floor with couples dancing around them. 'Does this mean you want to marry me?' He had not seen that coming. The question took him by surprise. He had not thought about it at this point. Once again, he decided to be brutally honest with her. 'I don't know? I just wanted to kiss you, that's all. I meant nothing by it.' 'If you mean nothing by it, then I am wasting my time with you.' Yolanda replied. She let go of his hands and walked away to where she had left her clutch purse on a seat. She gathered it up, then asked him. 'Please, will you take me home now?' Mark, dumbfounded at what had happened and thought, I told her the truth.

What was wrong with what I said? What have I said to her to change her mood so dramatically? Was this the moment of rejection? Have I lost another relationship because of my stupidity? I only gave her an affectionate kiss on her head, and that was all. What was wrong with that? Nothing serious intended. He followed her out the door as she walked to the car. When Mark caught up with her, he asked, 'what did I do wrong?' expecting some reasonable answer, but he got none. Yolanda remained silent; she would not talk to him. 'Please,' he begged her, 'tell me what I did wrong?' Still, she did not answer. As she stood near the offside door of the car, she said again, 'please take me home?'

That was the sum of her conversation. Mark could do nothing but comply with her request. He unlocked the car door, she got in, and he walked to the other side. Mark got in and drove her home. When he got around the other side, she was already out of the car. Yolanda completely ignored him. she walked past him to the front door, opened it, and went inside, leaving Mark to ponder the complexities of the female mind. 'What did I do?' He asked himself, confused because there was no answer. He shook his head, and went back to his side of the car, got in, and drove home slowly, contemplating the mystery that is a woman. 

The grief hit him hard. Once again, he had lost. This time he had let himself fall in love, something he had thought could not happen, yet it had, and it was all over. The weight of depression hit him. He went home to bed. He was too old to suck his thumb, so he did the next best thing. As the tears flowed from his eyes, he put his erect penis into his mouth and found consolation in the only good feelings that had never abandoned him.

Mark thought to give it a few days and then went to her work in town to see her during her lunch break. When she came out of the shop and saw him, she turned around and went back inside. With a sickening feeling in his stomach, Mark went to follow her. Yolanda went into a private section of the shop where he could not follow. His sense of dread intensified. Mark turned to Mrs. Cusack, the shop owner, and asked her, 'What is wrong with Yolanda?' 'You'll have to ask her that,' she said. 'Can I go in there please to talk to her?' 'Sorry Mark,' she said, 'I cannot allow you to do that!'

'Please,' Mark begged, 'ask her to come and talk to me, please?' Mrs. Cusack looked at him for a moment. She saw the distress on his face and relented. She went to the private door, closed it behind her. Mark waited. A few minutes passed, and Mrs. Cusack reappeared without Yolanda. 'Where is she?' asked Mark. 'She does not want to talk to you,' Mrs. Cusack said and went to attend to a customer who had walked into the shop while she was talking to Yolanda. Mark was devastated. It was the story of his life; rejected once again, he had no clue what he had done to cause it. Mark turned away from the shop and went home in defeat.

There was nothing for it; he had to think of a strategy to get Yolanda to speak with him. The only alternative he had was to go to her home that night. Mark left home with trepidation in his heart and fronted at Yolanda's door. When her stepmother came to the door, she rebuked him, 'she doesn't want to see you.' She said and tried to close the door. Mark put his foot in the door to stop her from closing it, but she stomped on his toes with her heel. Mark yelled in outrage and pain as he pulled his foot clear of the door, but the strategy was successful because as he withdrew his foot the door slammed shut in his face.

The whole cat and mouse game with Yolanda was affecting his work. Yolanda could wait for a few weeks to think it through. She was the one who called it off, he attempted to find out what he had done wrong, and it was now up to Yolanda to decide if she wanted to see him again. For Mark, it was a foregone conclusion; it was the story of his life. After a short time, his friends abandoned him. He never knew why. It was a difficult choice, but he had to sweat it out. Every other time he had gone to meet her and pursued the issue to find out what he had done wrong, it backfired on him.

Mark spent many hours trying to work out what had happened between him and Yolanda. Everything was going fine until that moment he had kissed her on top of her head during the dance. That is the only reason Mark could explain why she did not want to see him again. As much as he wanted to take time out to solve the riddle with Yolanda, he could not afford the distraction to his business priorities. As time passed, Mark started to think there was a connection between the mysterious first time he was supposed to have kissed her when Mark had rescued her and the episode at the dance, but it eluded him. He was by no means stupid. Mark had enough intelligence to solve most problems. However, working out the female mind required a Ph.D. in female logic, a skill he did not have.

9 Reconciliation

Mark was in town doing the banking for his parent's shop. As he came out of the bank, he saw Yolanda standing at the bus stop waiting for him, right in front of the bank. Yolanda was wearing a white shirt, open at the front, not quite showing her breasts, black stocking, high heels, and a mini tartan skirt almost too short to cover her rear end. Men gave her wolf whistles in passing. Car drivers slowed down to have a good look at her. Yolanda didn't seem to notice. Mark felt embarrassed by the way she dressed and went to walk past her.

Yolanda gave the impression she was a prostitute soliciting. People were watching them. Mark felt trapped when Yolanda stepped up to him. Yolanda ignored her surroundings and was the first to speak. 'My step mum turned you away the last time you came.' 'Yes, she did.' Mark blushed scarlet with people standing still, watching him talk to a prostitute. Why did you come to my home?' You know very well why; I want to know what I did wrong for you to behave the way you did?' Yolanda started to walk to the corner as she talked and stepped off the footpath to cross the road on the zebra crossing. Mark followed her; angry she would not stand still so he could speak to her face to face. Yolanda crossed the road and walked into the park towards a bench beneath the trees. She sat down. 

Mark had followed her like an obedient puppy, still not aware of what she was doing. He stood in front of her looking down at her waiting for her to speak. By now, Mark had spent a lot of time silently grieving the loss of the girl he truly loved. He had come to that conclusion while he had not been able to see her. She looked at him for a long moment and then she said, 'you kissed me!' He didn't expect that as an explanation for her behaviour of the last couple of months. In pure anger, he responded, 'so what? It was an innocent kiss on the top of your head. That was not a real kiss.' He said, 'like the two kisses you gave me at the train station.' 'Yes, it was,' she said, 'it was far from innocent…, and it was the sixth time you kissed me. You cannot keep kissing me like that and not commit to a relationship.' 'What does that mean? You're my girlfriend. I kissed you on your head because I wanted to kiss you.' 'When did I become your girlfriend?' She asked. 'Aren't you?' He asked. 'You tell me.' She replied. 'Well, you are, and I can kiss you because, well because…,' he stopped for a long moment in silence to think and looked away into the distance yet not seeing anything, then turned his face back to her and looked into her eyes and said, 'because I love you!' 'That was not a boyfriend kiss, 'she said. Anyway, what makes you think you are my boyfriend? 'Because.' 'Because what?' 'Because I love you,' he said again.' 'If you are my boyfriend and love me, why don't you kiss me properly and not just kiss me on my head?' It still did not register with him. 'Before we go there, how about you tell me what this whole miserable business was about?' 'Simple,' she said, 'you keep on kissing me on my head and treat me like your sister.' 'No, you are not my sister. I don't think of you as my sister. I thought you understood that after all these months. Are you my girlfriend or not?' 'I don't know, you never asked me?' 'Well, I am asking you now, will you be my girlfriend?' 'Why do you want me as your girlfriend?' 'Because … I love you and I want to marry you, that's why.' 'It is nice of you to say so, but I don't believe you. Every time you have kissed me; you never kiss me like a girlfriend.' 'Then it hit him. Now he knew what she had been after. It became clear to him. 'I had better do it properly then.' 'Yes, you should, she replied, exasperated that it had taken him so long to get to the point. 

The sense of relief that flooded his mind was cathartic. Yolanda stood up from her seat. He came closer to her. Mark watched her eyes widen in anticipation. 'Three times lucky,' he said, 'seventh time,' she replied. She closed her eyes and reached her arms up and over his shoulders to wrap around his neck. He leaned over her and brushed his lips lightly over her partly open mouth. As he touched her lips, a shock went through her like electricity. She pushed her whole body against him like she was going to join him. Mark felt the swell of her breasts against his chest. His erect rod pushed against her trembling body. He was super conscious she wore her miniskirt and pressed hard against him. She tightened her hold around his neck. He again brushed his lips over hers. This time he did not move away from her mouth. He moved his tongue over her lips. She swooned against him. Ever so gently pushed his tongue between her lips and found her tongue. She moaned, and a sob escaped her mouth as she clung to him for dear life and started to cry softly. 'Oh god Mark, I love you so much,' she said against his lips, 'I have loved you forever, and you never knew I existed.' She said. Then she deepened the kiss and became aggressive with her affection. She started to kiss his mouth, then his eyes, and then all over his face. She was devouring him. 'Tell me?' she said as she was kissing him. 'Tell you what? 'Tell me that you keep your promise,' she said. 'Yes, I keep my promises,' he said, mystified at what she was getting at. 'Well, say it,' she said, looking into his eyes. 'I keep my promises,' he said, looking back at her, she never wavered, 'you kissed me like a girlfriend now… SAY IT…' He got the message. 'My honey sweetheart, I love you more than I can say, please, will you marry me? 'Yes'…, she said with exuberance, 'yes and yes again and more yeses' she said with the joy of it written on her face and in the kisses that followed. 'I have waited for five years for you to ask me, why did you wait so long?' She pleaded. 'It is against the law to marry a girl of fourteen,' he said. 'I had to wait for you to become the beautiful woman you are now before I could ask.' 'Fifteen,' she corrected him.

'Why are you dressed like this?' Mark wanted to know. 'I wanted you to make up your mind, and I thought if you could see what you were getting to touch, love and kiss for a lifetime, it would do the trick.' She said with a smile.

10 Religious restrictions and courting

Mark and Yolanda grew up with archaic religious morality, Victorian prudishness, injustice, and a corrupt legal system. Religious interference with people's sex life was a normal part of life. Yolanda was not yet twenty-one. If she fell pregnant, her stepparents would not tolerate her immoral behaviour. They would abandon her on the street. Alternatively, her stepdad would take her to the Irish Nuns in Sydney. The Nuns cared for pregnant girls. The Nuns kept most girls illegally imprisoned and locked up for a lifetime because of their supposed immorality. They accused the girls of enticing men of having sex with them. The possibility was always there they would re-offend.

Unfortunately, many girls did return with subsequent pregnancies when placed under the guardianship of the very men who made them pregnant in the first place. Many of the girls were victims of incest and rape with no legal recourse. These girls provided cheap slave labour for the Nuns in the laundry that served the idle rich and hotels of the city with clean linen every day. It was the primary income for the Nuns. The benefits of the system were obvious and worked extremely well with the cooperation and approval of the church. These circumstances forced Yolanda and Mark to be very cautious in their behaviour and affection for each other. If Yolanda fell pregnant, she feared she would end up with the Irish Nuns. There was another reason; she believed catholic girls were responsible for keeping boys safe from committing a mortal sin. The church and police said that it was her fault if she fell pregnant. The boy was always the innocent party. Yolanda's responsibility was to make sure that Mark did not touch her intimately until they were married. The risk was just too high. The truth was, the church and corrupt legal system always made the girl responsible for the circumstances in which she found herself. Seldom were boys and men accused of rape and incest. Even then, the girl was responsible and invariably received unjust punishment for her supposed immoral behaviour. The normal and acceptable excuse men had for a girl's pregnancy; the girls always asked for it by flaunting themselves in public.

Mark's time away from Yolanda had convinced him that she was the girl for him. Now that she had agreed to marry him, he went into town to buy a ring. After much searching in jewellery stores, he found one that was just right. The trick was to get the right size, but the jeweller assured him that they would resize the ring if required. It was a fine gold band with a deep blue diamond-shaped sapphire set in raised platinum claws. It was a simple but very elegant setting, and he loved it. He was certain that Yolanda would prefer an unassuming, simple ring to the ubiquitous diamond rock. He could not afford that anyway, nor did he like flashiness. To him, diamond rings were gold digger adornment. Mark bought the simple ring and put it on lay-by to pay it off before her birthday in late January. He intended to give it to her as her birthday present. Mark was very pleased with his purchase and looked forward to the moment he could give it to her and see the surprise in her eyes. Yolanda had never shown any interest in baubles, glitz, and glamour, but he was certain she would treasure this simple, elegant gift he could give her.

The festive season was almost upon them, with only two weeks to Christmas, shopping in town was frantic. People were going everywhere. Mark and Yolanda decided to make a pleasant outing on Saturday to shop for their Christmas gifts in Sydney. Then they would take a ferry ride to Manly. Mark picked Yolanda up at her home. She dressed in a frilled black floral blouse and white tailored pants and wore black high heels. She looked stunning. They drove to Sydney and parked the car for the day. They were going to have a fun day in each other’s company. Holding hands had become a permanent sign of endearment from when Mark declared his love for Yolanda. Wherever they went, they linked their hands. Mark loved holding Yolanda’s hand, he was a feely, touchy kind of person, and the more contact he had with Yolanda, the happier he was.

They parked in Pitt Street. Yolanda suggested they walk through a side street and go into George Street because there were more shops from which to choose. They arrived at the Haymarket. On impulse, Mark walked into the church of the Blessed Sacrament Fathers. He always visited there when he was in Sydney. The visit was an acquired custom he did not want to relinquish. Yolanda came inside with him and knelt to say a prayer. She wanted to thank God for the answer to her prayers. She had prayed for the past five years to find the wonderful man beside her. Coming out of the church, Mark always felt a sense of peace. He took Yolanda by the hand and started their walk towards the Town Hall. On the way, they had discussed what presents to buy for their respective parents. It did not take long to make their purchases, which they took to the car. They had a lot of time left to enjoy before they returned home. They took the bus up George Street to Circular Quay, where they caught the Manly ferry.

The ferry took them across Sydney Harbour Heads entrance. The chop on the water put the ferry on top of waves and in deep throughs. The rough water often gave travellers motion sickness. Neither Mark nor Yolanda suffered from seasickness, and they both stood on the foredeck of the ferry enjoying the rough ride on the waves. The only downside to the trip was the water spray from the bow of the ship. Their clothes ended up soaked with saltwater.

It was lunchtime when they arrived at the Manly dock. They walked to the fish and chip shop to have their lunch. The weather was hot, and their clothes soon dried out. They walked up the street to the park and sat on an empty park seat to have their fish and chips talking amicably about the events that had brought them together. After their lunch, they walked back to the ferry wharf and sat for a couple of hours lazing on the grass embankment, enjoying the warmth of the Sun. Then it was time to take the ferry back to Sydney before the shops shut. They wanted to avoid rush hour when people went home from work. They got up, walked onto the ferry wharf, and noticed the waves had calmed down to a smooth swell through the Sydney headlands. They were too late. The ferry at the pier was leaving. They had to wait an hour for the next ferry. On the return journey, they stayed inside the cabin. If they got wet, their clothes would not dry in the Sun again. It had been a lovely outing for them both. Relaxed and refreshed from the trip across the water, they arrived back in Sydney, found their car, and drove home.

11 The festive season

It was only four weeks before Yolanda’s twenty-first birthday in late January. Mark asked her if she was going to have a big birthday party. He knew Yolanda had very few girlfriends. By their attitude, Yolanda’s stepparents discouraged Yolanda from bringing friends home. She was not the type of girl that hung around milk bars and haunts where the boys were. Her experience with a possible kidnapping and rape had made her very cautious of where she went and with whom. ‘My stepdad is against celebrations of any kind, and me turning twenty-one does not change his thinking.’ She said to Mark. Mark took note of the disappointment in her voice. He planned to take her out to dinner again to a special restaurant for her birthday. He would only tell her the day before to keep it as her birthday surprise.

They were talking about Christmas and what they were going to do. Yolanda said, ‘apart from going to Church with my stepparents, there is no change in their routine. They don’t celebrate anything, including Christmas and the New Year.’ Mark’s family was much the same. On Christmas Day, the fruit shop closed. Both Marks' parents appreciated the opportunity to relax for the day and do nothing. They were not the kind of people who had a relaxed and amicable relationship and spent time in each other’s company. Marks' stepdad spent his day in front of the telly with a carton of beer and packets of chips. Marks' mother usually read a book in bed. Mark and Yolanda were free to do what they wanted to do.

Christmas day had arrived, and Mark went to see Yolanda as soon as the church service was over, and she was free to spend the day with him. The weather was hot. Mark planned to keep their outing in the cool shade for the day. Mark bought Yolanda a love bracelet wrapped in colourful wrapping with a ribbon and bow on top. The love bracelet did not have the same significance as a ring. Mark did not think that her stepdad would force Yolanda to give it back to him.

As always, Yolanda was in a miniskirt and blouse, showing enough cleavage to make him blush. She looked good enough to eat. Mark knew that Yolanda had a penchant for mini dresses and miniskirts. She liked to show off as much as she could of her gorgeous legs. Every time Mark saw Yolanda wearing a mini skirt halfway up her thighs, his blood started racing. Mark loved to get an occasional glimpse of her pastel-coloured lace panties. Mini dresses were a fashion that had the older generation of women outraged. Older women debated publicly on the immoral fashion that raged on for several years, but the male population loved it. The more leg a girl showed, the better they liked it. Girls got wolf whistles all the time and pretended they didn’t like it, and the skirts got shorter with each wolf whistle they got.

For Mark, the temptation to explore Yolanda's secret place was overwhelming at times. He suffered from having a constant erection when she was near. When Yolanda wore her miniskirts in town, car drivers paid more attention to Yolanda’s legs than eyes on the road. It happened more than once that a driver crashed into another car. There were several court cases where the magistrates imposed severe penalties because drivers caused accidents looking at girls’ bare legs. Mark did not dare admit it publicly, but he thought the miniskirt fashion was the most erotic fashion ever devised. Mark hoped it would never disappear. It was a silent challenge with all men and teenage boys, trying to get a glimpse of the girl’s lace panties.

It happened on an occasion when a pretty, young girl, wearing a see-through crochet mini dress with no bra, walked towards Mark and Yolanda. The elastic on her panties gave way, and her scrap of cunny lace dropped on the ground between her feet. Every person in the vicinity stopped to look. The girl stepped delicately out of her garment, with her high heels, bent her knees without bending over, reached on the ground to retrieve the offending item, and put it in her purse. She straightened up and continued to walk past Mark and Yolanda as if nothing had happened. There were wolf whistles from men all around. ‘Wow, what a brave girl, and what a view!’ Mark said. His comment earned him a hefty punch on the arm from Yolanda. 

It was the best day Mark ever had. Yolanda laughed heartedly and said, ‘serves her right for wearing a see-through crochet mini dress.’ Mark, dumbfounded by her comment, looked at her as if to say, ‘what about you?’ Knowing what Mark was thinking, Yolanda remarked casually, ‘I always make sure the elastic on my panties is in good order!’ ‘What about no bra under a see-through mini dress?’ Mark wanted to know. ‘Wouldn’t that be something?’ Yolanda replied. ‘Well, would you wear it?’ Mark asked?’ ‘Sure, if I had a see-through mini dress that fitted me, why not?’ ‘Would you buy one if you saw one that fitted you?’ ‘Of course, I would, except my boobs are too big, and it would not look too good, so I haven’t bothered to look for one.’ That will shut him up. She thought.

Christmas was here. The moment to give Yolanda the carefully selected present had arrived. Mark took Yolanda in his arms and kissed her thoroughly on the lips, lingering as she kissed him back. Mark kept her in his embrace for a long time. He enjoyed the feel of her through her thin cotton blouse. She wore only a bra under her shirt and panties under her miniskirt. Yolanda was beautifully proportioned; Mark loved a girl he could cuddle. He got to feel all the girl’s curves under her clothes and was reluctant to let her go. Yolanda liked the feel of Mark’s strong arms around her and the solid feel of his torso through his flimsy T-shirt and the ripple of muscle as he moved. She, too, was reluctant to let go of him and lingered with sheer enjoyment in his arms. 

Mark was reluctant to release Yolanda to take the gift from his pocket and hand it to her. To receive the gift, Yolanda had to let him go, much to the regret of Mark, but he knew she would hug him again once she had seen the silver bracelet with all the charms attached. It was worth the momentary break in their embrace. As predicted, Yolanda loved the simple love bracelet and asked Mark to put it around her wrist. In return, Yolanda handed Mark a flat package and told him to be careful it could break. She had him intrigued. Mark carefully removed the plain wrapping and held a beautiful studio photo of Yolanda in his hands. ‘Just in case you forget about me for the next five years,’ she said with a big smile.’ ‘Just what I needed to decorate my bedroom,’ Mark responded. It was a lovely photo of her smiling face. Mark treasured it for its simplicity and thoughtfulness. He regretted that he had not thought of doing one like it for her.

Let’s go and celebrate with a gourmet lunch,’ Mark suggested. ‘Where are you taking me?’ Yolanda wanted to know. ‘How about I buy you fish and chips in town and a Pluto Pup for dessert?’ Mark asked. ‘Are you spoiling me because it is Christmas, or do you feel extra generous today’ she wanted to know. ‘It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for you to get to know the lifestyle to which you will have to become accustomed if you intend to share your life with me.’ He quipped. ‘Yea, right, I don’t think I can live with such luxury every day.’ She replied. ‘Was that a yes, or no?’ he asked. ‘How can I possibly refuse such generosity,’ she fired back at him.’ ‘Okay woman, let’s go.’ Mark made ready to go, but Yolanda stayed where she was. ‘How about I make you a salad lunch at home?’ ‘That will work for me.’ Mark replied. Mark was going to have to brave it sometime. To go into her home and have a meal with her, he only hoped that her stepdad would be decent about it and not cause any trouble.

Mark walked into the cottage with some trepidation, but there was no sign of her stepparents. He was wondering where they were. ‘Don’t worry,’ Yolanda told him. ‘They have gone out to the workers club for a Christmas BBQ lunch with stepdad’s workmates. It is a Christmas tradition with him.’ Mark walked into the kitchen, sat on one of three bar stools near the breakfast bar while Yolanda got the food out of the fridge, she handed him a kitchen knife and a loaf of bread. ‘Cut the bread for me, will you please?’ ‘How many do you want?’ He asked, ‘Two for you enough?’ She asked. ‘Yea, that will do it for today, he quipped.’ ‘Just cut one for me, please.’ ‘Are you sure?’ ‘Yes, that is all I eat for lunch every day.’ ‘I would starve on a meal like that,’ he told her. ‘I have to watch my waist.’ ‘Never mind watching your waist, I can do that for you, just make me a salad sandwich, please.’ Mark loved their camaraderie and lively banter. Yolanda was as quick on the uptake as he delivered it. He had never met anyone like her. Mark loved the way l they got on together. It was going to be fun being married to her, he thought.

Yolanda made him a salad sandwich. He had never had before, and he liked it a lot. The sandwich had everything on it. ‘I love this.’ Mark told her. She replied, ‘this is much better for you than the fat overload you were planning of greasy fish and chips followed by a Pluto Pup.’ ‘You put me to shame, woman,’ he told her. ‘Your concern with my health overwhelms me.’ ‘Someone has to do it for you or you will not last the distance,’ she told him. ‘What would you like to drink?’ She asked him. ‘Do you have a Coke?’ ‘No. It contains too much sugar. It is not good for you. How about you have some freshly squeezed orange juice?’ Facing her, he asked, ‘how can I ever resist your ministrations when you’re turning my life upside down and inside out.’ ‘The next thing you know, I will be the Mr. Universe of health.’ That is what I am planning for you.’ She said. They are their lunch in comfortable silence. Mark enjoyed the food immensely. It was very different from what he normally ate, and it made him aware that Yolanda was concerned about their health and wellbeing, something that had never occurred to him. 

With their lunch over, Yolanda suggested they find a place to enjoy the fresh outdoor air somewhere out of the blazing sun. Mark knew of a little park with bench seats and shade and suggested they go there for the afternoon. Yolanda wanted to know if there were areas of mowed grass and when Mark confirmed the grass was short, Yolanda said she would take some comfortable pillows to sit on the grass.

Once they came to the park, Mark brought the blanket and pillows with him from the car and found a spot under a tree to sit in comfort. He spread the blanket on the ground, threw the pillows on top, and lay down. Yolanda piled some pillows up against the tree. She leaned her back against it. Put your head in my lap' Yolanda said to Mark. Mark was all for it and needed no second invitation. He shifted from where he was lying on the ground and lay his face across her bare thighs. Mark had his face turned towards Yolanda and saw the hot pink colour of her lace panties under her mini skirt. Yolanda watched him intently look under her skirt with his face so very close to her cunny and blushed. Her body betrayed her true feelings and deepest desire for Mark to kiss her cunny. Mark closed his eyes and revelled in the feel of the girl who had stolen his heart. Although Yolanda was disappointed Mark had not reacted, she was deeply grateful for his restraint. She knew she could always count on him for his moral strength.

The warmth of the day, the relaxed mood, a nice lunch, and the girl's closeness all conspired to help Mark fall asleep within minutes. Mark was surprised when Yolanda asked him to sit up because her legs had gone numb from the weight of his head in her lap. Mark asked. ‘How long have we been here?’ ‘About two hours.’ ‘How could you have me lying on your lap for so long without them going numb?’ He asked. ‘You rolled around a little and shifted a few times,’ she said, and that relieved the pressure on my legs.’ ‘You’re an amazing woman; you know that,’ he said. ‘Let’s go home.’ They had enjoyed each other’s company in peaceful contentment, something Mark deeply longed for in his relationship with a girl. Though acutely aware of what had happened, neither of them mentioned the incident. They both knew they had shared an exquisite moment of intimacy and arousal that they needed to resolve, and soon.

12 Temptation

The New Year had come and gone. They were at the end of January, and Yolanda’s twenty-first birthday was only days away. Mark had decided to celebrate Yolanda’s birthday by going to the workers club. Rather than dressing in formal attire during a heatwave. The weather was too hot and sweaty. He would feel uncomfortable. He said to Yolanda, ‘too hot to go all dressed up to a restaurant. Would you mind if we go to the workers club, they have cool conditioned air in the dining room, and it will be comfortable inside?’ ‘Good idea.’ She said.

When her birthday arrived, Mark told his parents, ‘I will not be available this evening. I am taking Yolanda out to dinner for her birthday.’ Mark had arranged to have flowers delivered to Yolanda’s work that included a Happy Birthday card. Mark also looked forward to hearing what her employer Mrs. Cusack had to say about the surprise delivery of flowers. Mark prepared for his date by wearing blue jeans. His white shirt had an open neck, and he wore casual shoes.

Right on, seven o’clock, Mark was at her home, ringing the bell. Yolanda opened the door. Yolanda wore a satin mini shift of shimmering mauve, blue, green, indigo, and red colours, constantly changing as she moved. Elastic gathered the dress gathered just above her breasts. The mini dress fell like a tent around her, coming to mid-thigh, showing shapely bare legs. She had open sandals on her feet. The simplicity of her attire stunned him. Mark saw the big smile on her face as he hugged her and wished her a happy twenty-first birthday. As he embraced her, he felt the softness of her breasts through the flimsiness of the dress. He could feel she was not wearing a bra. His physical response to her nudity under her dress was instant. He had a pole pointing to heaven. Yolanda hugged him. Sher pressed herself hard against him. He felt her nudity under the sheer dress. Yolanda was fully aware of what she was doing to him as his powerful rod pressed hard into her flesh. When he put his arms around her waist, he could not feel the waistband of her panties. Mark was not sure if she was wearing any. With his heart racing and his gut churning with nervous anticipation, the thought of what she might be planning had his mind reeling. Yolanda was twenty-one and free to do as she pleased. She only had religious restrictions. Mark was not sure if that would stop Yolanda from making love to him. Mark moved his hands all over her body. Sensing, feeling, memorising the softness of her curves. He was aching inside his gut to remove the dress. He wanted to place his seal on her, ravish her, and make her his own.

As usual, she wore no makeup except for lip-gloss and a light blue eye shadow. On her wrist was the love bracelet he had given her at Christmas. She wore no other adornment. Yolanda looked fabulous. Understated simplicity was her style. It made her the most beautiful girl he had ever known.

Mark thought of asking Yolanda if she wore any bra or panties under her dress to confirm his suspicions. Seeing overcame his curiosity when he got her seated in the car; her dress slid up the side of her thigh. Her thigh was all he saw, but it was enough to show she was not wearing panties. He said in a husky voice, ‘Ah… you’re not wearing your bra under that dress, are you?’ ‘Is that what you think,’ she replied. ‘Yes, I do, and I also think you are not wearing panties. Am I right?’ ‘A lady never tells,’ she said. ‘That is not an answer,’ he replied, ‘Oh, yes, it is, it keeps you guessing all night, won’t it?’ ‘You know I can just as easily put my hand under your dress? I will find out soon enough.’ ‘But you are a gentleman. I do not believe you are so crass as to embarrass a lady, would you?’ She had him caught in his own trap from which he could not escape. 

Fishing in his jeans pocket, he dug up a little square velvet box and held it out to her. Mark leaned in towards her and kissed her. ‘This is your birthday present.’ He said. He handed the box to her with shaking hands. Yolanda accepted the little square box and looked at it for a long time. Mark said to her, ‘Open it.’ She had her head down, her hair shielding her face. Slowly she turned her face towards him. Tears were shimmering on her cheeks. Her eyes were pools of emotion. She couldn't speak. Mark looked at her and gently said again, ‘open it.’ Slowly Yolanda opened the little dark blue box, and in the black velvet nestled the elegant gold ring with the blue sapphire in a diamond, clawed platinum setting. Mark allowed her the time to compose herself and said, ‘Yolanda, I love you with all my heart, will you marry me?’ She was speechless as she looked into his eyes. He saw her swallow several times before she was able to speak. In a very soft, husky voice, she replied, ‘Yes, I will.’ ‘Please put the ring on my finger,’ she asked and held out her left hand to Mark, holding the box in her right. She had not removed the ring from the box but admired it in its black velvet cradle. Mark removed the ring from the box and slipped the ring over her ring finger. He gently lifted her hand to his lips and kissed her fingers before he kissed her on the lips.

Yolanda looked into his eyes, stunned and speechless. Tears flowed from her eyes. Finally, she found her voice. ‘Thank you. This ring is the most beautiful gift I have ever received. It is beautiful beyond compare. How did you know to choose this stone? It is my favourite.’ ‘It looked just right when I saw it. I imagined you wearing it and just knew no other stone would ever be the right stone for you. You are my sapphire girl.’ After a time, when Yolanda had composed herself, Mark said to Yolanda, ‘I think it is time we go out to dinner. He started the car and drove off to the Workers Club. When they arrived, Mark walked around the car to open the door for her. He averted his gaze as she got out of the car. He did not want to embarrass her by looking at her nudity under her dress.

When they walked into the Workers Club, Mark found a small table for two. It was in a secluded spot behind some potted palms. He settled Yolanda on her chair and walked away to get a menu. Mark brought it back to her. They chose a salmon salad. Mark bought her the first beer in her adult life. After taking a sip she said, ‘I don't like the taste. I don't want it. 'Thank you, but no thank you.' ‘It is an acquired taste,’ said Mark. ‘Well, I don’t need to acquire it, and you can have the rest. I will have a lemon squash.’ She replied. Mark ordered their meals. They sat in companionable silence, waiting for their meal to arrive. Mark was looking at Yolanda as she admired the ring on her finger. Mark felt an immense sense of wholeness seeing the ring on her hand and knowing that she had joined with him for life.

When their meal arrived, they ate it with relish. The meal was delicious. Just the way Yolanda liked her salad. Neither felt like sweets. They went to the lounge area. Mark found a couch for two unoccupied. He sat down with Yolanda in silent contemplation, holding her hand. Mark played with her fingers and looked at the ring again. ‘I can’t believe that you have promised yourself to me,’ he said. Yolanda was also admiring her hand with the ring. She choked up again, unable to speak. She was too emotional for conversation. Then she said, ‘now I belong to you, Mark!’ ‘Mark thought for a moment and said, 'no, you do not belong to me. In the past women made a vow to obey their husbands. You are a new generation woman. You do not belong to me. You are not a slave to male dominance. You belong to no one. You are free in our relationship to be with me of your own choosing. I will have you in no other way.’ Yolanda, overwhelmed by what Mark had said, took a moment to comprehend the meaning of his words. She had always imagined belonging to her husband. After all, that was the promise she would make at her wedding. To have absolute freedom in a marriage relationship was completely new to her. She could not speak for the enormity of what Mark had said. He truly was an honourable man and belonged to the New Age of personal freedom and responsibility for one's own life’s choices. Yolanda thought about the wedding ceremony where the wife vowed to love, honour, and obey her husband. A woman sacrificed her freedom to the man so he could legally demand anything of her he wanted her to do. She would never have a legal reason for recourse on anything he demanded. It was the promise women made for centuriesIt gave unlimited power to a man over women under his control in his life. By his words, Mark refused to let her make that vow. He was truly a New Age man. Men often left women destitute or legally murdered them because of this law. It was time to change the wedding vow and give women self-determination over their own lives.

Mark bought her another lemon squash and had a Lemon Lime and Bitters for himself. ‘I will be very busy with work from now on. I scored a big contract that will take a few months to finish. I was expecting it.' 'So, tell me how much time it will take to finish.’ ‘About four months before I will finish.

Mark and Yolanda spent some time making small talk. It was time to go home again. When they arrived at Yolanda’s home, Mark leaned over to Yolanda and kissed her softly on her lips. Yolanda deepened the kiss. Mark let his hands roam over her breasts and felt the softness of her curves in his hands. This time Yolanda did not stop him. Mark's passion took over. He had to find out if she was wearing panties. The thought had plagued him all night. He had become desperate to feel the softness of her secret place. As he kissed her, Mark put his hand on her thigh and started to stroke the firm flesh under his hand. As he worked his hand to the top of her thigh, Yolanda shivered involuntarily. She opened her legs wide to give mark access to her cunny. Mark’s passion went into overdrive when he smelled the warm lavender scent coming from between her thighs. 

He stopped... he looked into her eyes and said, ‘as much as I love to touch you, I do not want to put you in a position that would compromise you and put you in harm’s way.' He withdrew his hand from the top of her thigh. ‘I love you too much to do that to you. I can wait until we are married.’ Yolanda blushed crimson. Now that she was of age, her Stepdad had no control over her. She planned for Mark to make love to her. Mark had shown her he was a man who valued her more than himself. She planned to make it easy for Mark, wearing the shift with no bra or panties. She was completely nude under her dress. Yolanda saw the mini dress in the shop and had to have it. She also bought a soft lavender perfume that she applied to her shaved cunny. The dress would show most of her thighs sitting in the car. If she opened her legs, he could see and smell her lavender shaved cunny. She came prepared to give her virginity to Mark tonight. He had been the stronger one of the two of them. Some people would think Mark was a weakling, and all her effort to entice him was a waste of time and money. For Yolanda, Mark's restraint was a priceless gift. In Yolanda's mind, his gift of restraint was worth more than gold. Now she knew the type of person Mark was, honourable and faithful, thoughtful, and loving beyond compare. Despite their resolve not to engage in sex before marriage, Yolanda determined her first adult act was to have sex with Mark. She had not counted on Mark to thwart her attempt at seduction. She did not know how to tell him how much she appreciated his strength to stick to their New Year resolution.

13 A moral dilemma

Mark and Yolanda felt the strain of their sexless relationship, even more so after her twenty-first birthday when Yolanda tried to seduce Mark. That is the thing about having religious convictions. They are deep-rooted in the psyche and form the values by which they live. If they truly loved each other and stayed true to their religious convictions, then there was no sex of any kind before marriage. Being celibate means being celibate, and there is no way around it. They were chaste in their greeting and kisses. Every time he tried to cup her breasts, she would put her hand on his wrists and pull his hands away. He was horny all the time, and the more she silently chastised him, the greater was his frustration. Then he would go home and masturbate himself to sleep again. Moreover, every time he masturbated, he would have to confess his sins until the priest said to him, 'you have to get your act together, son.' 'You are on the road to perdition.'

Mark still had no real idea about the makeup of female anatomy. Meaning, he had been to the library and looked up some books. Mark even sneaked a peak in a dirty magazine called Playboy, but they did not show much except for a girl's breasts, but to look inside at the sealed section, you had to buy the magazine to see it all. He could not afford to spend money on a trashy magazine. What would happen if his mother found the magazine in his room? He could just imagine the tornado that would descend on him. He would be in deep trouble. Besides, he loved Yolanda. Mark did not want to soil his image of her with pictures of other nude women.

Mark and Yolanda could say that their relationship was platonic but only barely contained. They both hated the enforced celibacy with a passion. The sexual frustration Mark felt was at breaking point. Mark did not know how long he would last before he gave in and had sex with Yolanda. Although Yolanda did not say anything, Mark was aware that she no longer smiled like the girl he had first met. There was a sadness about Yolanda but at the same time a steely resolve not to give in to having sex before marriage. Yolanda had persisted with enforced celibacy, determined not to end up with the Nuns in the city before her birthday. Now she was twenty-one, the threat was gone. But Yolanda did not want to jeopardise Mark's future. She did not want to fall pregnant when he was least able to support her and a baby. Yolanda did not say anything to Mark about her resolve. However, each time she took Marks' hands away from her gorgeous breasts, there was the silent 'don't touch' signal. It was frustrating for her as well as Mark. It made Mark angry. He was careful not to make her feel guilty, but the subtle don’t touch message was there all the time.

Three weeks had passed since Mark saw Yolanda for her birthday. He was constantly thinking of feeling her nude body under the sheer dress. It made him Horney and longing for her. He could not stop thinking of what he would have found had he continued to seek her secret place.

Swamped with work during the week, he had no time to see her on weekends. He telephoned Yolanda often, talking dirty on the phone for a long time. But not seeing her, it was not the same. He missed her terribly.

It was Friday. Mark had a bad day at work. The customer wanted him to do more work than was in the contract. The customer refused to pay the balance of money owed to Mark until Mark did the extra work. Mark came home in a foul mood. He came through the shop and ignored his stepdad stacking fruit on the display case. He went into the house and ignored his mother folding clothes on the kitchen table. Mark went straight out to his domain on the back veranda and flopped on his bed. He was hot and sweaty. Mark thought it was too long before seeing Yolanda again on Sunday. He wanted to see her tonight. 

Mark stank of sweat. He needs a shower and some clean clothes. Mark stripped off his dirty, smelly clothes and put them in the wash basket near the laundry door. He wrapped his towel around his middle to go to the bathroom and take a shower. On bare feet, Mark walked through the back door into the kitchen. His mum was busy folding clean clothes and stacking them into piles on the kitchen table. As Mark passed his mum, she asked, 'after your shower; please take your clean clothes with you to your room.' 'Okay,' he grunts back at her without paying attention. Mark continues to walk to the bathroom in the hallway.
 
In the bathroom, Mark tosses his towel on the toilet seat and steps into the shower. He turns on the hot water and adjusts the stream to the right temperature. He lets the lukewarm water run over him. Without thinking, Mark grabs his penis to wash. He gives his rod a few wanks. He thinks about masturbating under the shower. On second thought, he prefers to go to the bedroom and bring up his feeling with his mouth instead. Mark washes quickly and hurries out of the shower, thinking of what he is about to do. He dries himself and wraps the towel around his middle. He hurries out of the bathroom back to his little room on the back veranda. Mark tosses the towel in the wash basket. Naked, he walks to his bed and sits on the side. Mark looks down on his erect penis. He closes his eyes, bends forward, and wraps his lips around the swollen shaft. Mark thinks of Yolanda's nude body under her dress. He imagines touching Yolanda's secret place and tasting her cunny. Mark pushes his head down and pulls up again, totally immersed in what he is doing.

Mark became less cautious about his addiction to oral masturbation and recklessly took risks of discovery. Today is that fateful day when his good friend Irish Murphy (what can go wrong will go wrong) spied on him. Murphy brought his mother onto the back veranda to put the clean clothes in his tallboy. Mark's mother walked around the tallboy beside Mark's bed and saw what he was doing, not just jerking off; no, Mark was oral masturbation. Without Mark knowing it, she stood watching him for a while. She remembered when she was a young girl and had oral sex with a clean, smelling young boy. The experience was very different from the filthy, smelly priest she must fuck orally each time he comes to hear her confession. 

Wistful of that other time, she watched Mark, fascinated by what he was doing. Mark was a clean young man, orally masturbating and enjoying it. She did not know it was possible boys could do that. When Mark became aware someone was watching, he opened his eyes and saw her feet in front of him. Mark froze in what he was doing. He watched her feet as she stood near him, looking down on him. He still had his rod in his mouth. She turned to the wardrobe and put his clean clothes on the shelves. Mark looked up at the same moment she turned to look back at him. She blushed, a deep shade of red as she looked at his erection once more. Then he saw a fleeting hint of wistfulness in her eyes. She quickly turned her face away from him and left the room without saying a word. 

Mark was shocked that his mother had stood right in front of him watching. He could not comprehend the wistfulness he had seen in her eyes. She was still a relatively young woman, only forty-two. Her interest in watching him masturbate was deeply disturbing to him. He thought, what was she thinking?

14 The invitation

It was Sunday, February 14. A postcard for Mark arrived in the mail on Friday. Mark's mother had forgotten to give it to him. She had watched him orally masturbate and completely forgot to give him the postcard that arrived in the morning mail. She gave it to him on Sunday morning. Mark opened the card and read Happy Valentine's Day. There was no signature. Who in heavens name would send him so obscure a card with no name on it that wished him happy valentine? What is this card? He turned the card inside out to see if there was any message anywhere. Finally, he found it, Sunday CPb 1 pm written in tiny letters on the back near the other printing on the bottom corner. There was nothing else, just Sunday CPb 1 pm. Why the cryptic message, he thought? Who is Valentine anyway? It had him intrigued.

Suddenly his heart started racing. Could it be? Still holding the card in his hand, he went up to his mother and asked her, 'have you ever heard of Valentine's Day?' 'Yes,' she said, 'it's held on February the fourteenth.' 'Today is February the fourteenth,' he said. 'Why, what do you want to know?' she asked. 'You know the card you gave me that came in the mail on Friday; it is a Valentine's Day card.' 'Well,' she said, 'if you have a secret lover, you send him or her a Valentine's Day card. YES, he thought, it must be her. Maybe that is what it means because that is the only thing that came into his head. What does Sunday CPb 1 pm mean? He asked himself. He knew she wanted him to solve this problem. Today is Sunday; what does CPb 1 pm, he repeats to himself a couple of times. Could it be, he thinks, that CPb 1 pm means their City Park bench where they always sat and talked? God, yes, it must be. Sunday that is today, now, and it's almost lunchtime. 'Mum, I am going to the park to meet Yolanda,' he called out to his mother.

Mark and Yolanda usually went to the park in town, where they sat in open view of anyone looking their way. That is the only thing he could think that meant CPb 1 pm. It had to be her who sent the card. Yes, there is a God in heaven after all. Thank you, God. Thank you, he thought. He looked at his watch. It was just midday. That's alright, he thought. I can make it. I need a shower. I stink. He raced to the bathroom, stripped of his clothes as he ran naked down the hall only to find the door closed. His stepdad was on the toilet. Mark thought, what am I going to do? 'Stepdad,' he yelled, 'hurry up!' 'I'm contemplating my navel,' stepdad yelled back. 'Stepdad quick,' he yelled, 'I'm dying here. Please cut the sausage and finish it later.' There was no reply from inside the bathroom.

'Shit, stepdad, please get off the can, please.' Then the door opens casually. His stepdad stands there with this big goofy look on his face grinning at him. 'What's up, doc, he says?' 'Get out of my way,' says Mark. 'Easy now, young feller,' Stepdad says as he grabs for Mark's tassel. 'What's all this about then?' He laughs. 'Please get out of my way?' Mark begs as he turns away from his stepdad, still trying to grab hold of his tassel, laughing at him. His stepdad steps aside. 

Mark steps into the bathroom. 'Shit, stepdad, you stink,' he says. 'Of course, that's what it's all about; if you don't stink, you haven't done a proper job.' 'Oh, get out of my way, please, stepdad,' 'What's the hurry,' his stepdad asked, 'you want to spew?' 'No, I don't want to spew; I want to have a shower,' he says. 'He's going to see Yolanda,' his mother said. 'Shit Mum, I have no clothes on.' 'Seen it all before.' she replies, and Mark remembers what she had seen yesterday, and a moment later, she said, 'I even planted kisses your bum a few times.' She tries to cover up the fact that she watched him orally masturbating. 'Too much info Mum' he replies, also ignoring the fact that she had caught him in the act. 'Let me get into the shower, please, stepdad?' he begs. His stepdad was laughing his head off. He steps out of the doorway so Mark can close the door. Mark gets into the shower. 

Mark can still hear him laughing. He turns on the tap to the showerhead, brrr cold water. Mark steps out of the way and shuts the cold water off. He then turns on the hot water and forgets to turn the cold water back on. 'Struth,' he cried as the steaming hot water sprayed him. It almost crisps his tassel. Mark, get your act together, he thinks, I can't be late. Do I need a shave? A quick shower with lukewarm water will have to do. He thinks he doesn't have time to fiddle with the water to get the temperature right. Yes, I need a shave. Shit, I am going to be bloody late. Can't be late, he thought. Hurry your bloody arse, boy, he tells himself. He grabs a towel and finds it is a small hand towel. It will have to do. It's too bloody small, he thinks, it will have to do!

After a quick drying off, he races naked into his bedroom only to find his mother there putting cloths into his cupboard. 'Shit, Mum,' he says, 'you sexually frustrated or something?' 'Get out of here and let a man dress in peace.' 'Man,' she harrumphs, 'what man? She says, 'I only see a naughty boy?' 'Whatever,' he says, embarrassed at the veiled reference to yesterday. He hopped up and down on one foot, trying to get his undies over his other foot. He falls sideways on the bed. That's better, he thought and managed to get his feet untangled from his undies. Mark pulls them up over both feet only to get the elastic hooked up under the family jewels. 'Shit, that hurt,' he screams, jumping up and down again. 'You don't need them,' says stepdad, 'you're going to be priest, aren't you,' he says. 'Noo…' Mark yells back at him. Can't even get my clothes on straight I am so nervous, he thinks.

'Where is that T-shirt gone to?' He yells to no one in particular. 'In your cupboard,' his Mum yells from the hallway. 'Thanks, Mum,' 'It's clean,' Mum yells out. 'Thanks, Mum.' Now for my jeans, 'where are my jeans,' he yells at his Mum. 'Same place as you left them yesterday.' 'Where's that?' He yells again, 'the same place you dropped them yesterday' she yells again. God, can anybody be helpful here? 'Sure,' comes the voice of his stepdad, 'your car is blocked in the driveway by the truck making deliveries, thought I tell you just in case you're in a hurry!' 'Forgot to shave, I forgot to shave, shit, it will have to do I'll tell her its designer stubble. Hope she believes me. Where are my car keys? 'What did I do with my bloody car keys?' He yells at no one in particular. 'Same place where you left your jeans,' Mum yells back from the kitchen. 'Thanks, Mum.' Mark looked for the keys on the floor of his bedroom; they were not there. 'Where are my keys,' he yells again. Mark races for the car, thinking he might have left them in the ignition. 'You forgot your license,' stepdad says as he passes him in the hallway, and here are your keys, by the way.' 'Thanks, stepdad. Mark rushed back to his bedroom to get his license. 'Brush your hair,' Mum yells from the dining room this time. I am going to be so late,' he thought. 'I hope I don't get a ticket from some sex-deprived cop on the way. 

'Get that truck out of the way,' he yells without looking at the delivery guy as he rushes out of the front door of the shop. 'Don't shit your panties, boy,' the driver calls back. He takes a good look at him; a replica of the famous muscle-bound Arnie Schwarzenegger looks back at him. 'Sorry, mate, didn't mean it,' he says, hooping the truck driver took no offense. 'I'll be a sec, the driver says.' Mark tries to hold his patience again, hopping from one foot to the other. Finally, the driver saunters over to the cab and gets in, starts the engine, and then, lo and behold, he gets out again with a wad of papers in his hand, 'you going to sign these?' He asks. 'Shit, yes, give them here. Mark takes the pen and wad of documents from the driver and places an X on every page. The driver tells him to sign. 'Thanks, mate,' the driver says, and he walks away looking at the papers. 'Hey, you fucker,' he calls back at Mark, 'a proper signature if you don't mind!' The driver shoves the wad of paper under his nose again. 'God, I have to go through it all again. I am so late it makes no difference anyway; he thinks. Arnie gets in the truck and drives away. Finally, Mark's car is clear to go to his date with Yolanda.

Mark gets into the driver's seat and looks at the fuel gauge on the dashboard, only to realise he is low on fuel. 'Fucking Irish Murphy again, I'm going to kill you, you bastard,' he yells at the top of his voice. 'What's Irish Murphy done now?' His stepdad yells back at him. 'He siphoned off my fuel.' 'Could be worse,' stepdad replies. There's a servo around the corner, he says.' 'God, you're helpful, stepdad,' Mark said, and he noticed his stepdad standing next to his car with a small can of lawnmower petrol in his hands, getting ready to pour into the fuel tank. 'Stepdad, you're a good sport,' he tells him. 'Where you get that petrol in a hurry?' 'Well…. that's a long story, son.' 'Short version will do for now,' Mark said. 'Well, let's see,' he starts. 'Stepdad!' Mark warns him. 'Just warming up,' stepdad says. 'Now let's see,' he starts again. 'I used your car!' 'YOU WHAT?' Mark yells. 'I used your car,' stepdad says. 'Well, thanks for the fuel.' 'That's okay,' stepdad replies, 'might smoke a little.' 'How little?' 'Depends.' 'Depends on what? 'Well,' stepdad starts again, then he stops, 'that's all the fuel I got,' he says, putting the cap back on the fuel tank of the car. 'How much fuel?' Mark asks. 'Enough,' stepdad says. 'I bloody hope so,' Mark says. 'Now, now,' says stepdad, 'don't you swear at me.' 'Well, thanks again.' 'That's what a stepdad is for son,' he says, 'go on, get going.' 'Thanks a million, stepdad.' Mark turns his attention back inside the car and switches on the ignition. The car won't start straight away. Mark turns the key once, twice, and a third time before the engine coughs to life. 'Thank God, I am on my way,' he thinks. Then it dawns on him, 'the bugger put lawnmower fuel in my car,' he thinks, 'and it's almost two O'clock.'

15 Yolanda revealed

Mark is more than an hour late by the time he gets to the park. Mark managed to park the car close to where he should find Yolanda. He thanks Irish Murphy for not stuffing him up again. Mark stops the car, gets out, and slams the door. He races to the spot where Yolanda should be waiting for him. Panting and heaving, he gets to where she is sitting on their bench. 'Sorry I am late, love.' 'No probs,' she said, 'you're on time.' 'Hu,' he said.' 'Sure, you're always late to turn up on time.' 'What's that supposed to mean?' He asks. 'Well,' she said, 'you're always late. It's your style.' He burst out laughing. 'You look good enough to eat,' he says, suddenly aware of her provocative attire. 'Thank you, Dear Sir,' she replies. That is the same outfit you wore when we got together again in the park, but you look different somehow. I can't tell what it is, but it's not the same. I know, Mark says, you're not wearing stockings and high heels, and your shirt is half-open, displaying your boobs. What are you up to?'

Yolanda is wearing her red tartan mini skirt so short it barely covers her ass. Mark has trouble raising his eyes from those long legs and gloriously formed thighs right up to the hemline of her mini skirt. His heart is going a hundred miles an hour. He is delighted, shocked, and embarrassed all at the same time. Mark is thinking, people can see him with a girl dressed like a prostitute. He has never seen a woman partly undressed like Yolanda is right now. He is very aware her white blouse is very open at the front. Not quite open, open, but open far enough to show a substantial amount of her puppies. He looks down again at those long, long legs and sandals exposing her usually invisible, beautifully formed thighs. She stands up and turns her back to him, bending over slightly, doing something with a basket on the seat next to her. That is when he sees her long legs go all the way up to her backside, where they turn cheeky. He gets a glimpse of her sky-blue lace panties peeking out from under her mini skirt.

The woman's fashion of the day was very conservative. Older women dressed modestly and mostly covered up, showing only a little of their legs, arms, or chest. Yolanda's evocative undress would raise the ire of most women in society. Yolanda looks like a cheap prostitute from Kings Cross in Sydney, intent on seduction. She is throwing herself at the unsuspecting Mark with an open invitation for outrageous sex.

Mark is very aware of Yolanda's state of undress. His autistic enforced separation from men and lack of intimacy with women has kept him very naïve about life. It still does not register with him what she is planning to do, but dressed like that, Mark is sure she will get him into serious trouble. Just looking at her exposed femininity leaves him breathless. He hadn't seen her since her birthday. The last time he did, she was naked under her tent dress, giving him the chance to explore her secret place. Mark never regretted not taking the opportunity to explore her nudity.

Nevertheless, it did not stop him from dreaming about what he would have found if he had explored her. It drove him nuts at night as he lay in bed thinking about her. Her attire today made him think Yolanda was deliberately enticing him. It was no accident; it was a blatantly obvious attempt at seduction. It made Mark nervous and cautious.

The sexual tension between them was becoming a major issue. 'What is happening?' Mark wanted to know. Yolanda turns her face to look at him; she sees the question in his eyes. 'What is happening? What are you planning?' he asks again?' 'What planning are you talking about? I am not planning anything.' She is evasive. She is doing it again, he thinks, taking advantage of his autism. 'Women, we can't live with them, and we can't do without them. Be careful, son,' he tells himself, she is up to something, and it's going to bite you in the bum sooner than later.' Exasperated, he says, 'why are you dressed like that?' 'The tension,' she says. I knew it, I knew it, he thought. She had him confused again, rattling him. 'God, why do I love this woman so much? She will be the living end of me, but what a way to go,' and then it dawned on him, 'what tension he asked?' 'The sexual tension between you and me, it's driving me nuts. You can't touch my boobs.' 'What have I done now? I haven't touched your boobs! Even when you invited me to feel up your skirt, I never did.' 'That is all in your dirty little mind. I never wanted you to touch up my skirt.' She replies.' 'Yes, you did.' He says indignantly, 'you planned for me to feel up your skirt.' Yolanda looked him in the eye.

'If you don't know what tension I am talking about, you must be living in a world of zombies.' 'I'm not a zombie!' 'No, you don't feel like it either; that is why we are going on a picnic today.' 'Hu, what has a picnic have to do with tension?' Mark asked. 'By the way, you cannot tell me that you will only kiss the girl you marry and then kiss me without so much as asking me if I want to marry you.' 'You can't do that,' she said. Mark thinks this is getting weird. He is starting to feel very uncomfortable, unsure of what is happening. Mark thinks, what is she on about? From the moment he arrived, she's been acting weird, saying irrelevant things. Then he realises Yolanda is super nervous. She is rattling nonsense to cover up her nervousness. Regardless, she has him confused. 'I thought we had that settled,' he said, uncertain there is more to it, but he can't see it. 'After all, we are engaged to be married, aren't we?' 'We are,' she said, 'but I thought to give you a reminder.' Nah, that can't be it, he thinks. The whole conversation is too bloody stupid to contemplate. There must be something going on; she doesn't know how to say it. She has him completely lost with her illogical talk. Go figure, he thinks. She makes stupid comments and digs up old memories. Are all women like that? Mark went to kiss her, but Yolanda turned her face and avoided his advance. Wow, Mark thought, something was really bothering her. 'Got your card about an hour ago. Mum forgot to give it to me. He said, 'that is why I am late, sorry about that. 'Well, you're here now is all that matters.' Yolanda said. 'Can we talk some sense now? Please tell me what is going on. You're nervous like a cat on a hot tin roof, and not making any sense.'

'Sit.' Yolanda ordered. Mark sat down. Yolanda sat next to him. 'Is that basket yours?' he asked, pointing to the other side of Yolanda, where the basket sat on the seat. 'It only had a blanket in it, and I am wondering why it is there?' 'How did you guess genius? You're clever, aren't you?' 'I don't know. It's sitting next to you. It could belong to someone else?' 'Yes,' she said, 'I was thinking of going on a picnic.' That is the second time she said it, Mark thought. 'Am I invited to come along? Mark said, just to be funny and break the tension he was feeling.

Yolanda looked at him, not smiling. 'You think you are funny or something?' Yolanda asked. 'Oops, Mark thought, careful son. He may be naïve, but he is not stupid. As soon as Yolanda said she wanted to go on a picnic for the second time, it seemed she was asking him but too uncertain about asking. He had seen the blanket in the basket, and then he realised why it was there. His heart began to race. Just a blanket and no picnic gear meant only one thing; she wanted him to explore her body. It seemed that this time, she was determined for it to happen. 

On a couple of previous occasions, Yolanda wanted him to explore her body. He had not taken the risk for two reasons. The first reason was that it was sinful to have sex before marriage. The second reason, he could not afford to be married. He could not support her on his current income. Yolanda knew this. However, it seems she was planning something. Mark could not guess what that might be. The way she dressed, her idea of going on a picnic without picnic gear. It all added up to intimacy he dared not think about. His heart was racing with expectation. It seems Yolanda is determined to carry through with whatever she was planning. After all, he still had a choice in what he was going to do. For now, Mark would go along with her and see what developed, but Mark was wary of a trap. Although, he did not think Yolanda would be so mean to do that to him. I’ll wait and see. Mark thought. 

They sat in silence for a while, the tension between them tangible. Yolanda hunched forward, holding her hands between her knees, nervously fiddling with her fingers. She was getting more agitated as time passed. Then she said softly. 'You know, on my birthday, I gave you the chance to explore my body?'

At last, she admits it, he thinks. 'How can I forget?' 'Well,' she says hesitantly, 'I wanted you to explore me, so I had an excuse to do the same with you.' Mark sat dumbfounded. He thought, do girls feel the same sexual desire as boys? Mark remained silent, waiting for her to continue. Then it occurred to him, Yolanda had just confided in him that she, too, felt a desperate need to feel his naked body under her hands. Yolanda was now bending over, looking down at her feet, resting her elbows on her knees. She was too shy and embarrassed to look at him. Then she said quietly, 'I want to plant kisses all over you.' He looked at her, but she had her face averted and continued to look down at her feet. She still wouldn't look him in the eye. He asked her, with his heart beating in his throat, 'do you mean that?' Still looking at her feet, she blushed, scarlet but said nothing. He wanted to remind her that they had promised each other to be always truthful. His autism just would not leave it there, so he asked her again, 'do you mean that?' She dared not look into his eyes. Mark could barely hear what she said. 'Yes, I want to touch you everywhere. I so badly want to touch you and suck on you and bring up your feelings.' He held his breath. Oral masturbation by Yolanda was the last words he thought would come from her mouth. 

For him to suck on his rod was one thing, but for Yolanda to do it was a completely new dimension that had never occurred to him. He felt embarrassed at the thought. With his heart beating in his throat, it was hard to breathe. After a long pause, she said in a whisper, 'I want you to do that to me too.' The shock of what she said hit him in the gut. She wanted him to be intimate with her at a level he had never imagined she would allow. Mark was almost in panic mode. He was breathing hard, trying to remain calm, but his heart was ready to burst out of his chest.

It was crunch time for Mark. It was his turn to go scarlet. It took him a while to get his thoughts together. He held his silence for longer than he should have. It made Yolanda more nervous, thinking she had said something wrong. He thought about that one time when he had his head on her lap and saw the beading moisture on her lace panties, uncertain what that meant. By now, Yolanda was visibly shaking, thinking Mark had rejected her. Finally, he said, 'I have no idea what to do with a girl. I have never seen a naked girl. I do not even know what a naked girl looks like. I have no idea what you want me to do.' Typical of his autistic inability to know the right thing to say, he blurted out what was on his mind. He had no social filter. He never knew if what he said was the right or wrong thing to say. Yet, he dared to continue. 'That time in the park, I watched your cunny lace and it aroused me. I desperately wanted to find out. I wanted to kiss your cunny. I didn't know if you would let me. It was just too intimate. I wouldn't know if I had done the wrong thing. I thought you might think me a filthy, dirty man for wanting to kiss you there. Taking advantage of you, and you hated me for what I did. Yolanda remained silent. She just looked down at her feet, still leaning on her elbows. Her heart was racing. Overwhelmed with Marks' honest naïveté, she was acutely aware of Marks’ innocence. Dare she seduce him? What about his moral compass? Would she make him do something that he thought unacceptable? What would he think of her? 

Suddenly, she was deeply aware of what she was doing to him. Her clothes, her admission of what she wanted him to do with her, all these things were foreign to Mark and emotionally highly disturbing. Should she still call it off? The least she could do was tell him how much she loved him before she stopped the charade.

From what Mark could see, she was blushing and thinking deeply. After a long moment, she looked up at him with tears in her eyes and asked, 'do you know how much I love you for what you said just now? No, it would not be wrong to kiss and taste my cunny. I would love you to do that to me.' What could he say? He looked at her and remained silent. After a while, she continued. 'I thought you were a man of the world. You told me you had so many girlfriends. I assumed you had made love to them all.' Now it was his turn to be surprised. 'No,' he said very quietly, feeling embarrassed, 'I am a virgin.' I have never had more than a platonic relationship with any girl. You are the first and only girl I have ever kissed. She looked him in the eye. Stunned by his admission, she watched him and saw his innocence, and then the tears began to flow again. 

Mark wished the ground would swallow him up. He had never felt so inadequate and ignorant in his life. 'Oh God, I love you so much.' She wrapped her arms about him and pulled him close, putting her head on his shoulder. She cried in raking sobs with big fat tears running down her cheeks. She felt deeply ashamed of her planned seduction. She had to break off the affair she had planned. She didn't know how to do it without making Mark feel guilty. He put his arms around her and held her tight. Mark allowed Yolanda to settle down. 'Just breathe,' Mark said. 'I am sorry, love. I may be twenty-seven, but I feel so stupid and naïve; I have always been a Johnny come lately. I have never had the opportunity to find out these things. They are all new to me. I don't know anything about girls.' That is why other guys laugh at me and call me a moron. I did not want to get too close to a girl if I did not love her. I only ever wanted one girl, the one I would marry. That is why I have avoided all this sex stuff men always talk about. I just want to discover all these things with you. I thought that would be a nice thing to do. To love you and to discover these things about each other. That's all.' With her face still buried in his shoulder, she asked, would you prefer not to go for a drive? I can still go home and change. Mark remained silent, thinking. ‘No, I will take you for a drive. I am both excited and scared. But I don't want to get you pregnant and have to live with the consequences.' There, he had said what was uppermost on his mind. 'Oh, honey, no, you will not get me pregnant, I promise you. It is not what I had in mind. I just want you to look at me and to feel and touch me, and if you want to, I will let you kiss and taste my cunny. I want to look, feel, and taste you too, nothing more, promise. 

Do you know a quiet spot where we will be all by ourselves to have a private time together?' It was a defining moment for Mark and Yolanda. It was decision time. If he took her to a quiet, secluded spot, things could happen that he might regret later. Alternatively, he could call it off. Something inside him warned him not to say no. Yolanda knew what she was asking of him. She was old enough to make her own decisions. Instinctively he knew, saying no would hurt her deeply and damage their relationship. With uncertain trepidation, he gave in. 'Yes, I want to go to a secluded spot with you and explore your sexuality. There he had said it. Now it was out in the open. There was no going back later and saying; I didn't know.

Mark felt embarrassed at Yolanda's state of undress and sitting with her in full view of the public. He wanted to get her away from there. He had made his decision. 'There is a little secluded place I know where we can go to be completely by ourselves? The public would not see us. Mark said decisively. Yolanda looked at him with a wistful smile on her face. 'I would like that.' She said.

They got up from where they were sitting in the park. He picked up her basket with the blanket. This basket is not a picnic basket, he thought. There was nothing more than a blanket, and it was too light to have food and picnic stuff in it. Mark took her by the hand. As he held her hand, she appeared to have calmed down a little. She seemed to have come to some decision, but he had no idea what she was thinking. 

They walked to the car. Mark looked around furtively, fearful people might be looking at them and shaking their heads. They might be thinking the worst of him. They might think he was letting a prostitute get into his car. Mark felt embarrassed as he put the basket behind the passenger seat. He turned to Yolanda standing beside the front door. 'Where are we going? She asked. 'You'll see,' he said. 'The place I know is where nobody ever goes.' He stood staring at her for a moment, admiring her. She was watching him. 'Down boy, not here, not now, keep it for later, she said with laughter in her voice. Without taking his eyes off her, he opened the car door for her to get in. As she settled in the car, he got a clear view of her sky-blue panties under her very short mini skirt and her silky tanned long legs in sandals. As he was about to close the car door, he hesitated. It was long enough to appreciate the clear view he had of her naked breasts. From above, the shirt barely covered her. The sky-blue lace bra she wore matched her panties. She expectantly looked up at him, but he was unable to respond to her gaze. He felt embarrassed she had caught him looking at her almost naked breasts. Mark went bright red in the face and looked up and away, closing the door. Yolanda was very aware of how Mark felt about the way she had dressed. Nevertheless, Yolanda delighted in Marks' innocence but felt ashamed of the embarrassing position she put him in.

Mark walked around to the other side of the car and got in behind the wheel. 'You like?' Yolanda asked him with her heart beating fast. She was not sure she was doing right by Mark. The only thing she had to guide her was her feminine intuition. She was nervously awaiting his response to her question. 'Like what?' he asked, deliberately avoiding the answer. He was feeling awkward and still embarrassed. 'Do you like what you saw?' She wanted to know. His autism failed him; how could he answer that? 'Ah…um… yea…, you look gorgeous.' He said, blushing, looking out the front window, super aware of her blatant nudity. He was nervous and out of his comfort zone. He kept his eyes averted from her. With his stomach churning inside him, he started the car, knowing full well what was about to happen, and he was heading straight for it. Mark got onto the highway and drove to a little place he knew. The little glen had been his sanctuary for some years. He came here when he wanted to go and think in quiet solitude. Mark dared not look at Yolanda as he was driving. Her exposed breasts above her long legs, and thighs ending into that bit of sky-blue lace panties, were shockingly distracting.

As they drove, Yolanda pondered the naïve innocence of Mark. He may very well know what she was planning to do, yet didn't know what was going to happen. She had discovered Mark had a form of autism that made him avoid people because he was never sure his conversation was appropriate for the moment. He was very awkward in company, and this awkwardness stemmed from his lack of confidence in being in amongst people. Yolanda also realised, Mark was discerning and did not engage in lewd talk or pursue risqué situations. He was essentially a very innocent man with high moral standards. Mark was also a person who needed direction. Yolanda understood that she was his guiding force, setting the standard in the way their relationship developed. Yolanda thought about her plan, questioning her motives. She decided to keep tight control of the situation. Making sure it did not go beyond what Mark's moral compass was willing to accept. When Mark said he was a virgin, it humbled Yolanda. His awkward and inappropriate admission that he desperately wanted to kiss her cunny made her heart ache with longing. She smiled. If nothing else, Mark was blunt and honest. His autism demanded it. A sense of overwhelming warmth and love for the man evoked tears of thankfulness. She knew she had a very special person sitting in the car beside her.

Mark turned off the highway into the bush. After a short drive among the trees, they came to a parking spot behind bushes invisible from the highway. Mark got out of the car and walked around the front to open the door for Yolanda. 'Where are we?' Yolanda asked as she got out of the car. 'This is my private glen.' Mark replied. 'No one is going to disturb us here. It is too secluded and unknown.' 'How come you know about it?' Yolanda asked. 'I had a flat tire here on the highway. After I fixed it, I wandered about a bit. My curiosity led me to this place. I hope you like it. It is my favourite spot.'

Yolanda had planned what she wanted to happen today. Before she met Mark in the park, she had her Brazilian shave in anticipation of Mark exploring her cunny. She wanted Mark to taste and kiss her cunny and fulfill her deepest secret dream each time she masturbated. Mark unintentionally stood behind her as she bent over to retrieve the basket from behind the seat. Her miniskirt rode up her ass. Mark had the most glorious view of his life, a pair of shapely, long legs ending in a sky-blue lace panty, framed by the pleats of her tartan miniskirt. Yolanda backed out of the car. She did not look at Mark because she knew he would blush with shame for looking at her exposed backside. Yolanda looked around and realised they were close to a gorge. She could see the opposite side. She asked Mark, 'where are we going?' With her eyes, she followed his outstretched arm, pointing down towards the cliff. She turned in the direction and walked through the bush to a little, secluded glen. Mark closed the car door and locked it, then followed Yolanda to their secret rendezvous.

There was no path. Yolanda walked downhill to where Mark pointed until she came to an open patch of short grass, about the space of her small bedroom, with bush and trees all around. To one side, there was a deep gorge with a river flowing through it. Yolanda stopped on the grass patch and waited for Mark to catch up with her. Coming up behind her, Mark asked, 'do you like this spot:' Yolanda looked out over the gorge and into the forest. On the opposite riverbank, a group of kangaroos was feeding in the shade. She took her time before she answered. Her decision and the opportunity presented by the seclusion of this idyllic place for her tryst left her speechless. She said, 'I love it,' She spoke so softly, Mark barely heard her speak.

Mark took the blanket from Yolanda as she took it out of her basket and reached behind her to hand it to him, asking him to spread it out on the grass. Yolanda bends over to put the basket down. She did not turn around to face Mark. She told him to sit on the blanket. As Mark sat, he pulled his knees up and wrapped his elbows around his knees, waiting in anticipation of what Yolanda was going to do. Yolanda turned around and faced Mark. 'Can I have the car keys please; I forgot something I left in the car?' Yolanda said. He dug into his pocket and fished out the keys, placing them into her outstretched hands. Mark sat looking at Yolanda's perfect figure as she walked back up the path towards the car. He got the prime view as she walked, seeing her sky-blue panties on a perfect touch and the sway of her hips as she navigated the path. Mark loved the fullness of Yolanda's figure. She was a beautifully proportioned female and lovely to cuddle.

When Yolanda arrived back at the car, she stood still and thought about what she would do. There was still time to call it off. Mark had agreed to come here. He was astute enough to know what was going to happen. He had not backed away. Yolanda made her final decision. It was time they resolved the frustration that was ruining their relationship. She returned to Mark, ready for what was to come.

Mark felt his heart beating fast. He wondered what was going to happen. At the same time, he instinctively knew what Yolanda had planned for the afternoon. The weather was perfect, warm with a slight breeze. The overhang of tree branches and leaves protected them from the harsh, direct light and heat of the Sun. Sitting in the shade was comfortable. The stillness of the bush was a calming tonic for him. The occasional noise of a truck passing by on the highway was the only foreign sound intruding on their privacy. Mark sat in nervous anticipation, waiting for Yolanda's return.

Lost in thought, Mark was looking towards the gorge. He turned his head and saw Yolanda had returned and stood before him. From his sitting position, Mark looked up at her. The view from where he sat was erotic and evocative. Her breasts above her middle. The shortness of her mini skirt and the clear view of her panties. All affected his emotions. The intense look in her eye’s told Mark Yolanda was waiting for his approval. Mark had to swallow a few times as he admired her anatomy. In a husky voice, he said, 'You are more beautiful than I could have ever imagined.' Mark saw the look of passion in her eyes change in intensity to a soft loving expectancy, a look she only reserved for him. 'I want to show myself to you, and I want you to love and kiss me here,' she said, pointing to her lace pantie. And I want to do the same with you.' Mark was about to reach for her and plant a kiss on her panties as she asked, but Yolanda pressed down on his shoulders and said, 'sit on your knees, please, I will let you know when I want you to kiss me.' Mark did as she asked and sat on his knees.

Yolanda took a few steps back and choreographed the slow, evocative removal of her shirt, showing off her lace, sky-blue bra. She watched his eyes to see his reaction to her boobs covered in lace. Mark's eyes were like saucers, big and round. She knew this was the first time Mark saw a girl in her smalls. Yolanda relished the thought she was the woman to introduce Mark to his first female experience. Yolanda twirled around, showing her body for him to admire, giving him different views. She did not take her eyes from his face as he admired her from all angles. Mark's eyes seemed glued to her body. Looking and absorbing her as he was drinking her in.

As she twirled around, she loosened the back of her lace bra and came around to face him. Cupping her breasts from the sides, slowly slipped one breast free from her bra and then the other. She held the lace in place. She came to Mark and bent down to him, letting the bra drop to the ground. 'Please,' she said, presenting her breasts to his face, 'kiss me.' He lifted his hands and cupped her breasts. Gently kneading them before he pulled her to him and kissed her extended nipples. Mark could never imagine a girl's breasts would feel so soft. His admiration for the soft pliability left him without words. Exploring Yolanda's femininity was the most erotic experience of his life. He did not want it to end.

Yolande rested her hands on his shoulders as he caressed her breasts. She removed her hands as she straightened up. Mark released his hands on her breasts. Yolanda turned her side to him and allowed her miniskirt to slide down her legs slowly. She lifted one foot and then the other to step out of the garment. Mark watched the erotic choreography with fascination. The only piece of clothing still covering her was the sky-blue, lace pantie. Mark noticed a ribbon tied with a bow on her hip. It held the front and rear of the lace together. As Mark was admiring her, Yolanda asked in a husky voice, 'Mark, I want you to undo the ribbon bows at my hips with your teeth.' Mark was unprepared for the tantalising anticipation he felt when he realised what Yolanda was asking him to do. Sitting on his knees, he reached for Yolanda. Mark put one hand on her bottom and the other on the top of her thigh. Bending forward, he took the end of the ribbon into his mouth, pulling his head back to release the bow. 

As the bow came undone, part of the front and rear panels of her lace panty dropped away. Partially exposing her nudity. Yolanda ever so slowly turned her still-covered cunny in front of him and exposed her other hip to his face. Yolanda need not ask him to undo the other bow. Again, Mark put one hand on her bottom and this time placed his other hand against the soft lace covering her in front to prevent it from falling away. As Mark touched Yolanda's private place, a visible tremble went through her. Yolanda drew in a sharp breath. Mark closed his eyes as he rested his hand intimately against her. Lingering, sensing her secret place against his fingers, relishing in the softness of her femininity. 'Please,' she begged, 'remove the lace.'

Mark looked up at her and saw tears streaming beading in her eyes. Mark deliberately placed his fingers on her secret place again, sensing and caressing. He took the end of the ribbon in his mouth and pulled. The lace fell away. Yolanda opened her legs to let the lace drop into Mark's hand. Mark did not think, completely absorbed in his first experience of femininity. Putting her hands on his shoulders, Yolanda stepped forward and pressed her cunny softly against Marks' lips. 'Kiss me,' she begged. With his eyes still closed and not thinking, Mark absorbed Yolanda's femininity into his core. Mark dropped the lace as Yolanda touched her cunny against his face. With his eyes closed, Mark sensed the delicate skin against his lips. Mark savoured the feel of her private place. 

As Mark explored her cunny, Yolanda shuddered, gripped his shoulders tightly, shaking on her legs. Mark, concerned, stopped, but Yolanda begged him. 'Please don't stop, please, please don't stop.' Within seconds, Yolande cried out. She gripped Mark's head and held him firmly, against her cunny. 'Keep going,' she begged, don't stop. He took a deep breath and exploring her cunny. Then with a racking sob, Yolanda shuddered and collapsed over him, crying as she fell into his arms. Overcome by her senses and emotion, Yolanda cries uncontrollably, saying, 'I love you, Mark, I love you.'

Eventually, she calmed down and realised she was stark naked in the arms of her lover. Yolanda looked at Mark, and the love he saw in her eyes moved him deeply. Mark, overcome with emotion, thought about the wonder of making love to a female for the first time. It had been all he could dream of and much, much more. It was the most beautiful experience of his life.

Mark had trouble containing his own emotions. He felt humbled by the trust Yolanda had in him. Exposing her vulnerability for him to admire. Yolanda asked, 'I want to remove your clothes and explore your maleness.' Both were aware of the risk that they took if they succumbed to penetration. Each of them was not prepared to go all the way in their lovemaking. Mark hesitated only a moment, trusting Yolanda, allowed her to undress him. Mark stood up for Yolanda to remove his clothes. She removed his shoes and then his shirt. She let her hands roam over his broad chest and admired his abs and the strength of his arms. She undid his belt and then the zip of his shorts. Yolanda opened the fly and gently caressed Mark's shaft evident beneath his undies. 

'Careful,' said Mark, 'you have me on the cusp of an explosion.' As soon as he said this, Yolanda put her thumbs inside the elastic of his undies and pulled them down. Mark stepped away from his clothes. Yolanda went down on her knees and put his member in her mouth. Mark was ever so grateful he had a shower before he came. Being late for the rendezvous was worth the effort.

Mark could not withhold his feelings any longer. He exploded in a cascade of pulsing movement. Yolanda rested her head against him, waiting for Marks' passion to fade. Yolanda lifts her eyes to his face and sees the love written in his eyes. ‘Now we are part of each other, nothing can ever separate us for as long as we live.' Mark has no words in reply except to say, 'I love you more than I could ever say.'

Yolanda turns around and grabs for her clothes that lie beside Mark on the blanket. She picks up her bra and leans forward as she fits her breasts in the cups, then she fastens the clasp behind her back. Yolanda picks up her shirt and puts it on, this time closing most of the buttons to cover her breasts. She picks up her cunny lace and presses it with both hands to her face, inhaling deeply. Then she hands it to Mark as a memento of their lovemaking. Mark lifts the sky-blue lace to his nostrils and inhales the scent of her cunny. 'Every time you do that,' says Yolanda, you smell my cunny, and you will remember the taste and feel of me. You will remember how much I love you.' Mark is speechless; he holds the cunny lace to his lips and kisses the relic of their loving interlude. It is the first gift of love he received in his life. It represents a holy moment in which he discovered the love of a female, kissed, and tasted a girl’s cunny for the first time.

Yolanda steps close to Mark and pulls down on his shoulders to make him kneel. Yolanda holds his head between her hands, lifts her miniskirt, and touches her cunny against his face. Mark wraps his arms around her bottom and presses his face into her, hungrily kissing her secret place. He lingers, sensing, and savouring the uniqueness of femininity. Yolanda gently pulls his head back, bends down to give him a lingering kiss on his lips before she steps away. She is ready to go home, except her cunny is visible from where Mark is kneeling on the blanket. 'Reading his mind, she says, 'don't worry, 'I know how to cover myself up when I get home.' Mark stands up, picks up his clothes, and starts to put them on. As soon as he tries to put on his undies, he gets his feet caught up and tumbles to the ground. Mark lies on his back. He lifts both feet in the air and slips his undies over both legs at once. Then he gets up and steps into his shorts with no trouble at all. Yolanda is watching Mark putting on his clothes. She loves the display of antics, smiling at Mark's clumsiness. 'He is still a little boy at heart,' she thinks lovingly. Yolanda bends down, picks up the blanket, and wraps it around her waist to cover her nudity. Hand in hand, they walk back to the car.

16 The after glow

Mark and Yolanda got themselves back into some form of respectability, both being uncomfortable wearing soiled clothing and in need of a shower. Mark puts Yolanda's lace panties into his jeans pocket. With a shy smile on her face, Yolanda said, 'remember, that is my souvenir for you, my darling. This pantie, my darling, is your souvenir of kissing my cunny for the first time. Mark's heart felt like bursting open with love. He looked at her and saw the smile on her face. 'Don't let me hear you lost them?' she said. He had already determined that this was the most precious gift he had ever received in his life. He would carry them with him for as long as possible. He could then take them out of his pocket and smell the fragrance of her exotic sex as often as he liked. The only thing that worried Mark was how she would get her back into her house without her stepparents being aware their daughter was half-naked.

One of Mark's problems with autism was that he asked direct personal questions, not realising he could embarrass the person he asked. Invariably it got him into deep water. As they drove along, Mark asked how she came by the idea of doing the evocative strip tease with benefits. She blushed. 'Was something wrong with what I did?' she asked. 'Not in the least, Mark replied, 'I loved every second of it, but how could a virgin girl know how to do that?' 'May I remind you, darling, women have been seducing men for eternity. Sex is our prime function. Seduction is integral to our soul.' How could he argue with such knowledge? Without knowing it, Yolanda had responded positively, regardless of her embarrassment at the questions. 'By the way,' he said, 'I loved the taste of you. 'That is a woman's body sign saying she is ready for sex. It is supposed to lure the man to her to explore her cunny.' She replied.

As they were travelling back to Yolanda's home, Mark had a nagging feeling in his conscience things were not what they seemed to be. It had something to do with his religion. In the back of his mind was a nagging sense of guilt. He thought what he had done today was a sin. He could not shake the sense of guilt from his mind. He did not think that God would approve of what they had done today. A sudden burst of anger rose in his mind. 'Fuck, fuck, fuck,' he voiced his frustration of letting a guilty conscience control his thoughts and emotions. 'I hate fucking religion,' he said out loud. Yolanda, initially frightened by his angry outburst, understood he was not angry with her. He was angry with the insidious and powerful religious brainwashing he had received as a child. She had noticed before that Mark was angry with his religion. She could see that this could become an issue between them in the future. Yolanda believed what the Nuns had taught her. There were parts of her religion with which she did not agree, but she saw no good reason to abandon her faith because of it.

Yolanda knew her parents would be home when she got there. Her dilemma was sneaking past them. Yolanda knew her stepmother would have a fit if she saw her dressed as she was. Bruce would kill her and call her a slut and whore, but she did not care. Yolanda was an adult now. Bruce no longer had authority over her. She had planned this day for months, if not years. Yolanda had secretly bought the clothes. She wanted the most evocative and alluring outfit she could think to wear. She wanted to seduce Mark to have sex with him in every way except for penetration.

Yolanda did not want to risk falling pregnant. She had not worn undies under her tent dress on her birthday outing. Yolanda was ready to let Mark explore her body. But penetrating sex was not her goal. Yolanda feared, if she fell pregnant, despite being an adult, Bruce could still try to send her off to the bloody Nuns in Sydney. From what she had heard, she would be in prison for the rest of her life. Yolanda wanted to do everything in her power to show Mark how much she loved him, but falling pregnant was not part of her plan. Today had turned out better than she could have hoped. It was magic. He loved exploring her breasts and cunny. He loved her Brazilian. She would have to continue to shave her curly thatch from now on when she was intimate with Mark.

Her biggest problem was getting into the house without her parents seeing her. She had wrapped the small blanket about her hips. If her mother asked what was wrong, she could always say she soiled her clothes. She just had to make sure she was quick into her room without interrogation.

Yolanda opened the front door. Bruce was in the hall and saw her come in. 'Where have you been?' He asked. 'Out with friends, what's up with your clothes?' He wanted to know. 'I soiled them, it's my monthly, and I had to borrow this stuff to come home and change she, said.' 'You better stay away from hooligans, he said illogically to assert his authority over her. 'I will, Stepdad, she said, not prepared to argue with him while she had no panties on. Yolanda rushed to her bedroom. She prepared for a shower and some clean clothes. Yolanda lost an expensive pair of panties. But she thought it was worth all the money she had paid for them. 

Yolanda knew Mark would treasure them forever. She thought she could have given him her bra too. Maybe next time, she thought when Mark wanted to kiss her breasts.

17 Confessions

Yolanda dreaded going to confession with Old Father O'Brien. He would not treat her kindly once she told him what she had done. 'Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.' 'Yes, my child?' 'Father, I have done something very wrong.' 'Yes, my child?' 'Father, I have enticed a boy.' 'Yeees, tell me more?' he said salivating. He loved women’s confessions. The more lurid and intimate the detail the better he liked it. 'Eh, well Father, I love him very much.' 'That does not excuse your behaviour, does it?' 'No, Father.' 'So, what did you do?' 'Well, Father, I had oral sex with him.' ‘You mean you sucked on his, eh…, is that what you did? ‘Yes Father.’ 'You know that is a mortal sin, don't you?' Did you let him put his face into your… eh… you know, your whatsit, eh, did you?’ 'Yes, Father.' 'Knowing it was a mortal sin, you still went ahead and led this poor innocent young man into sin?' 'Yes, Father.' ‘And what did he do, kiss and all sort of vile things… eh, did he?’ ‘Yes, Father.’ 'Are you a member of the Children of Mary?' 'Yes, Father.' 'Haven't you been told the curse of Eve is on all women?' 'Yes, Father.' 'And you still went ahead and had oral sex with this poor innocent boy?' 'Yes, Father.' 'I think you may not be a good influence for all the other girls in the Sodality. Your immoral behaviour can corrupt them.' 'Yes, Father.' 'Well, what have you to say for yourself, young lady?' 'I am sorry, Father. 'I should think so. If this happens again, you will have to leave the Children of Mary sodality. Do you understand me?' 'Yes, Father.' 'Now, is there anything else you have to confess?' 'I masturbate every time I think about him.' 'You quite a little harlot, aren't you?'' Yes, Father, I am sorry.' 'I would say so. 

Now is there anything else?' 'No, Father.' 'Now, you listen to me, young lady, men are strong in the body, but they are weak in the head. They behave like rutting animals. They are born to reproduce, and it is your responsibility to make that happen. But you're not to squiggle and squirm and have fun doing it. You hear?' 'Yes, father.' 'You have to be obedient to the man you're going marry, and you are accountable if he goes to Hell. You're not to touch him either. You hear me, girl?' 'You, and your womanly wiles, you tempt men with your bodies by showing them off. It would help if you kept yourself always covered. No taken clothes of for sex, you understand? You cause him to think mortal sin if you let him see you naked. Do you understand?

You're a hussy already, and if he goes to Hell, it is your fault. No nakedness, you hear me? You lock the bathroom, you hear me? You're not to let him in with you, you hear me, girl? No wobbling your whatsit, that, that, your uppers you hear? No letting him sniff your fancy whatsit down there, you hear me? No licking and sucking his thing either. Do you hear me? All this sinning is the fault of women. You're corrupt to the core. You hear me?' 'Yes, father.' 'Now you do as I say, you keep your clothes on when you do the whatsit, you know, when he pokes his thing in your whatsit, no wriggling, no squirming, no smiling, and no groaning. You're not to like it, see? Just lay there, quiet like, let him do his thing and get away from him to cleanse yourself from the sinning evil he spills on you. Do you hear me? You do nothing, you hear me?' He reiterated for emphasis. Now go. If you come back and confess it again, I will not bless you, and you'll go to Hell, you hear me?' As a parting shot at her vulnerability, he said, 'you got Eve's curse on your soul, your got Eve's blood running down your leg each month, you're cursed, you hear me? You're cursed.' Thunderstruck by the bitter and vehement explosion of poison coming from the man's foul mouth. If an atomic bomb had exploded in front of her, she would not have been more devastated. My God, she thought, what have I done?' 'For your penance, he said, you will say the rosary five times.' 'Yes, Father.' 'Now say your act of contrition.' 'Yes, Father.' With the last salvo fired from his vindictive, abusive, and godless mouth, he shut the curtain and cut her off.

Mark's confession was vastly different when he went to see Fr. O'Brien. 'Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.' 'Yes, my son.' 'Father, I love this girl. I touched her cunny. It was the first time Father.' 'Are you going to see this girl again?' 'Yes, Father.' 'Well, discipline yourself, son. Be strong.' 'Yes, Father.' 'You know that all women carry the curse of Eve, don't you?' 'No, Father.' 'Well, they do, just as Eve tempted Adam to sin, so all women are tempter’s, they will lead all men to perdition. That means mortal sin son and Hell.' 'Yes, Father.' 'Is there anything else?' 'Yes, Father. I have been having impure thoughts.' 'Yes…' 'And I have been masturbating, Father.' 'When did you have your impure thoughts?' 'When I was masturbating, Father.' 'Was there any other time?' 'In my dreams Father.' 'That is natural, son; all men wet their dreams.' 'No, Father, I do not wet my dreams, whatever that means. No, I have real dreams. I dream I am having sex with her.' 'Well, son, God created you to have sex, but you got to wait for it, son.' 'Yes, Father.' 'Well, son, I can understand, but you have no control over dreams, have you?' 'No, Father.' 'But you will find that if you stop masturbating, then the impure thoughts and dreams will go away.' 'Yes, Father.' 'For your penance, say three hail Mary's.' 'Now say your act of contrition.'

18 A cup flowing over

Jenny was in the laundry sorting out the washing when she found the lace panties in Mark's jeans. Jenny instinctively knew what had happened. Jenny had never known true love. To think her son had experienced this intoxicating gift of love from a girl was the last straw to her tortured mind. It was only last Friday when she walked in on Mark as he was orally masturbating. The shock of seeing him with his erect member in his mouth had violently ripped open the inner core of her deepest desire. To have her cunny kissed by a woman was a lifetime dream that would never happen. The depth of her longing for a female lover had possessed her from childhood. When she saw Mark sucking on his shaft, the emotional and physical suffering she had endured for a lifetime exploded in her brain. How deeply she longed for just a single moment, someone would love her so intimately. Cruel fate had denied her a female lover when the Nuns forced her to marry sadistic, cruel Bill against her will. All of it done to save the reputation of the Catholic Church. Provided the scandal did not tarnish the reputation of the Catholic Church, her life did not matter. The church covered up the activity of paedophile priest who came to the orphanage to slake his lust on innocent children and the Nuns were complicit in the corruption. Her grief overflowed her senses. Her inability to suppress it any longer took the strength from her legs. Jenny crumpled to her knees on the laundry floor, voicing her distress in a harrowing scream that ended in a pitiful wail of defeat.

Unknowingly, she had lifted the cunny lace to her nose. Lost in a dream of a time long ago. She imagined the elixir of the girl's cunny. A racking sob escaped her lips as she cried for her wasted life. The dried cum on the lace had hardened and stank, but she hadn't noticed. Her mind was elsewhere. Her mind imagined the rich aroma of a Valentine gift she had never received. She closed her eyes. Her imagination did the rest. She loved girls. She hated men. It was a singular, sadistic, cruel, violent priest who had raped her repeatedly.

She had never known real sexual love. She was only sixteen when she fell pregnant by the rape of a paedophile. The Nuns forced her to marry the sadist they had chosen for her. She loved females. She hated men.

Here she had the gift of a young female cunny in her hand. She imagined the rich taste of young female cum flooding her senses. Oh, God, how she wanted to fuck a female cunny. She lost her mind to the eroticism of her thoughts. Unaware of what she was doing, she had put her hand into her plain panties to elicit her orgasm. When she withdrew her hand to taste her cum the sour taste of sweat and urine assaulted her senses. With a flood of uncontrolled rage, the fury of her anger exploded. 'I want a Valentine's Day gift. I want female sex,' she screamed at the top of her lungs. 'I don't want to be fucked by a man's cock, and forever denied what my soul craves. 

A warped, perverted priest raped me. He got me pregnant with Mark and then told people my lesbian sex was evil.' She had shouted out her rage. There was no one to hear her distraught anguish. She hated the Church with the utmost rage of the innocent condemned. 'He raped me,' she screamed, 'I was fucking raped again, and again, and again, by that bastard of a paedophile priest. Then those fucking sanctimonious Nuns made me marry a fucking sadistic rapist. He has no idea how to make love to a woman's cunt’. She kept screaming her pent-up hatred of the Nuns. The unfairness of how they used and abused her as a child. The Nuns and priest manipulated her life that was never her own. Her childhood, her teen years, and her adult life, stolen from her. All of it to cover the perversion of a man who destroyed little girls for his sexual cravings. No one would believe her. That fucking rapist of a husband had told her, 'I am not going to kiss your fucking piss hole. It's a mortal sin.' Yet the bastard fucks himself all the time, she screamed.

The repressed feelings of desire denied to her for a lifetime tore through her. Jenny looked upon the mocking scrap of cunny lace soaked in a girl's loving cum that had intoxicated her son. The son who was the get of that very same paedophile priest's rape. It set her soul on fire. Her anger burst forth again in an unholy scream as she vented the pain that tore her heart asunder. She attacked the cloth and tore it to shreds. She vented her outrage at the love denied to her. She screamed and yelled until she was hoarse. Then the anger left her devoid of emotion, as empty as her soul.

Jenny deliberately dropped the shredded scrap of cunny lace on the laundry floor. With all the hate she could muster in her heart, she stomped it into the ground. Jenny tried to wipe the stale cum from her hands. She became frantic, trying the remove the stale cunny smell from her nose and hands. Jenny went to the laundry sink and scrubbed until her face was sore and her hands were raw. And still, she could not erase the thoughts from her mind. The image of the girl's sweet, cunny, kissed by her son. 'Oh God, she screamed, 'it should have been Me...!'

Jenny went to her room in tears of defeat. She knew, a curse was on her life. A man had found her in a cardboard box abandoned in a public toilet. Her mother did not want her. She was a baby, abandoned in a toilet block, like a piece of trash. She had been fascinated when she saw Mark masturbate with his penis in his mouth. She could not help it. She had stood there watching. A deep longing had entered her soul. She had only known rape with every sexual exchange in her life. She had never known love and enjoyment in sex. Except, for that one occasion, when she had loved a beautiful, beautiful boy. To see her son willingly delight in oral sex was a completely new experience for her. She had dreamed of it all her life.

But most importantly, when she watched her son orally masturbate, she saw a male enjoying male sex. She wanted female sex and saw the possibility of it in her son's solo act. Could she find female sex? She had noticed a new café had opened in town. She saw the woman watch her intently as she walked by. There was recognition in the woman's eyes. There was a hunger in her own heart to see the woman again. She recognised something in the woman she had never felt before. Her inner being drew her to the stranger, like a moth to a flame. Would she dare to seek the woman out and find a kindred spirit? The thought would not leave her. Hope had sprung up in her heart. Could she still find true love in the arms of a woman? There had been an older girl at the orphanage that she had loved with all her heart. But the girl had left, and the void in her soul had never healed. A new hope had sprung up in her heart at the sight of the woman. Dare she take the plunge into the depth of lesbian love?

19 A patch of blue

Mark thought he had Yolanda’s panties in his jeans pocket. They were not the jeans he was wearing. Shit, he thought, I had better find them quick before Mum finds them. Mark looked for his jeans and found they were gone. Mark was in a panic. 'Mum, have you seen my Jeans?' 'Yes, I have,' she said.' 'Where are they?' 'Where do you think I would have your jeans?' 'Are they in the wash?' 'Yes, in the wash. Guess what I found in the pocket?' Mark froze. 'Oh, shit, he cringed. 'Yes, oh shit,' she said, coming into his domain. 'Did you get her pregnant?' 'Fuck Mum, I don't even know how!' 'Don't you use that language with me, young man?' 'Sorry Mum.' 'I must say she has expensive tastes.' 'What do you mean by that?' 'Well,' she said, 'these sorts of fripperies don't come cheap.' 'What did you do with them, Mum?' 'I am keeping them, and when I see her, I am going to give her a piece of my mind, fancy her, seducing a nice young man like you, the gall of her!' 'Aw Muuum, please give them back to me?' He begged. 'What, so you can sniff them?' she says. 'I can smell her sex on them and on you too. Did you lick her cunt? Did you kiss her cunt?' She was beside herself with anger. Mark had never seen this side of her before. There was a jealous rage boiling under the surface that had an old face on it. It had been there for a long time. It was rising to the surface… fast. 'No, I just want them back.' 'What do you want them for?' She asks. 'I want them back!' 'No, son, I will not have you corrupted. Did she learn nothing about the curse of Eve?' 'I don't know Mum, but I want them back, you hear? I am not a child anymore.' 'I hear, but you are not getting them back. That is final.' 'I really hate your small-mindedness, Mum. This is 1970 and the sexual revolution.' 'Not in my house it isn't.' 'God, I hate Queen Victoria, the fucking prude.' 'That is the last time I have heard that foul language come out of your mouth, young man, or you move out?'

Mark doesn't know if he can see Yolanda straight after work, a big delivery is due, and his Mum can't lift the heavy stuff anymore. His Mum and stepdad were shocked when he told them he was going to marry Yolanda. 'What, you getting married to that hussy?' His Mum asks. 'What do you mean, hussy? You have never even met the girl. You don't even know her. How can you say such a thing?' Mark said indignantly. 'Oh, I know her type,' says Mum with utter disdain in her voice. 'She wears slut underwear. That is enough for me. I know her type. Once she gets her hooks into you, you will never be free.' Mark shakes his head at the sudden bitterness, something he never suspected, from his mother. But then, she is old-fashioned. 'Take the garbage out before you go,' she tells him as she walks away. Mark doesn't reply. Mark is angry at the judgemental attitude of his mother. What is eating her anyway?

I'll take the garbage out before I forget, he thought, then he saw a bag of kitchen rubbish that needed to go too, so he tossed it in the bin. As he put the lid on the bin, he sees a scrap of sky-blue lace, just a tiny little bit. Mark thinks that seem familiar. He moves some vegetable scraps and rubbish to the side. The shock of what Mark sees holds him paralysed, rooted to the ground. In his hands, he holds the remnants of a sky-blue scrap of lace that once was the most wonderful and desired, the most loved gift of his life. He can't help it. An involuntary sob escapes from his lips. He holds the panties in his hand. They were torn to threads. Great anger must have possessed his mother when she tore into them and pulled them apart. She shredded them. A knife sticks into his gut. He can't say a thing. Discarded amongst the kitchen scraps, as if of no value, is the only gift of love he has ever received. It's like his heart is about to burst with the intensity of the pain he feels. Mark starts to cry. Great sobs escape him. He cannot move. It feels like he has a heart attack. He holds the scrap of lace against his face, then to his lips. Mark kisses the holy relic of his love. Again, Mark sees the glorious beauty of cunny lips between her thighs. His gut heaves with the intensity of his grief at the crude, callous discard of something holy to him. 

Mark leaves the garbage where it is, strewn on the ground. He walks away. Belatedly, it occurs to him the anger of his mother. A woman whose love life is an empty shell. How enraged she must have been. Seeing a girl of this modern age, able to express her love so deeply. He identifies with and understands the emptiness in his mother's life. He knows the violence of his father. His mother would give her life for just a moment of love as he received from his girl. His mother must be thinking with a jealous rage. How intense his mothers' anger must have been? Seeing this sacred gift of passion and love a girl gave to her son.

20 Limbo

Mark stumbles out of the house, gets into his car. He and drives off down the street. He didn't know where he was going, but he could not stay at home. He had to get away. He aimlessly drove around for hours. Inevitably, he ended up at Yolanda’s house. It was well past midnight when he stopped the car. He needed to be close to Yolanda. She was his anchoring point. She was the only person in the world who loved him without reserve.

Mark looked at the darkened house. He reached out in his mind wanting to draw Yolanda to him. Knowing it was impossible, he turned his face to rest his forehead on his arm draped over the steering wheel. The tears came in a torrent of sobs and whines. Men don't cry. The thought rambles through his mind, making a mockery of his feelings. He stops crying because men don't cry. The senseless destruction of Yolanda's panties is, once again, something precious stolen from him. The reality of something he loved, destroyed. The pain persists inside his chest. His life is a graveyard of love, denied of all the things that should have been beautiful and whole in his life. Then he thinks of the girl who loves him unreservedly. The pain has a focal point in the femininity of the girl. The depth of his yearning needs an outlet. He needs to love the girl to reassure himself she is real; her love is real and not something also denied to him. 

Mark switches on the car radio. Everything was dark. The sky is full of stars, peaceful, and quiet. The radio plays softly in the background. Angel of the Morning. A song by Juice Newton, a beautiful song about a girl of the night surrendering her body to love. As he listens to the words, Mark thinks of Yolanda and her unconditional love for him. Sitting in the front of a dark house looking up at the stars, Mark rests his arm on the steering wheel and his chin on his arm. He looked around when he heard a faint noise. The car door opens. Yolanda is standing there on bare feet in T-shirt and lace panties. She got in the car and sat on the bench seat beside him. Yolanda took one look at his troubled face. Seeing the anguish written in his eyes, she realises Mark is in deep distress. His eyes are bloodshot, and the tears on his face show he has been crying.

Yolanda knows Mark is a feely touchy kind of man. He is a deeply emotional man in need of physical contact with her. On previous occasions, when he was under stress, Mark reached out to touch her breasts. Her feminine closeness is a healing tonic to Mark. It calms him down. His prime focus is always on her breasts, her sexuality. 

Their non-picnic sexual encounter in the little glen taught Yolanda Mark is a one-woman man. At age twenty-six, he was a virgin. Mark is totally committed to her, and he would remain like that for life on one condition, she surrenders her femininity to him in his time of need. Mark told her about his loveless, friendless life, his depression, and his thoughts of suicide. She understood that words were not enough for Mark. He needs physical evidence to prove she loves him. Mark needs to know her love is real, and she must prove it to him by making her body available to him. If he loses her physicality, Mark will not survive. Yolanda knows that her body is the physical anchor of Mark’s life. He has lost too many things in life to survive losing her. His depression has not healed. He is still ultra-vulnerable. She is his lifeline. She is all he has.

Without further thought, Yolanda removed her T-shirt and slipped her panties down to her feet. 'I am here for you.' Yolanda says softly, looking into his eyes. 'Make love to me.' As she speaks, Yolanda slides across the front bench seat. She puts her head in his lap and turns to lie on her back. She pulls one knee up against the back of the car seat and rests her other leg on the floor of the car, giving Mark access to her sexuality. Yolanda reaches up and puts her arm around his neck. She pulls him down to press his face against her breast. Mark cups her breast in his hand. As she cradles his face against her breast, he kisses her bare skin and breaks out in sobs. A keening anguished noise escapes his throat. Yolanda watches him in silence. She holds him, cradling him to her breasts, and waits for him to get control of his emotions. 

When Mark eventually comes to himself, he keeps his face buried against the softness of her skin with his arms across her, reaching for her cunny, and gently traces the softness of her cunny lips. Yolanda trembles as Mark arouses her feelings. She has been making soothing noises. With her hand, she caresses his face against the mound of her breast. She asks softly, ‘What happened?’ Mark’s voice sounds muffled against her breasts, ‘I don’t know.’ Yolanda remains silent. She knows, eventually, Mark will tell her in his own good time, but for now, what he needs is her femininity to calm his troubled emotions.

Mark feels cramped. He straightens up, removes his hand from her cunny, and rests it on her breast. He sits quietly for a long moment looking out of the windscreen with his other arm across the top of the steering wheel. Mark leans forward to put his forehead on his forearm. ‘She didn’t have to do it.’ He says softly, turning his face towards Yolanda. Deep in thought, he gazes down at her cunny. Not aware of what he is doing to Yolanda. He lifts his hand and ever so softly traces the curves of her breast with the back of his hand. He wants to feel her softness as a counterpoint to the harshness he has experienced all his life. Mark turns his hand over and touches her nipple rolling it gently between his fingers. ‘She didn’t have to do it! He says again with a faraway look in his eyes. It is not the shredded panties; it is the hatred and venom with which she destroyed them. She destroyed the only token of love I have ever received in my life. By destroying my only gift of love, she is telling me I am not worthy of love.’ Mark concentrates his senses by touching her breast. He is rolling her nipple between his fingers while gazing at her cunny. Mark looks Yolanda in the face. ‘I have had a lifetime of abuse. Throughout my life I lost all the things I love. They are either stolen from me or destroyed.

As he speaks, he absentmindedly absorbs her nude feminine form into his inner core as he looks down at her breast, her body, the flatness of her stomach and flare of her hips, and the small patch of black curls above her swollen cunny lips. He is touching, feeling, and stroking her gently, reassuring himself she is real. She has not denied him the gift of her love, her intoxicating sex. 'Why did she have to do it? Why can’t I keep something precious to me?’ Yolanda listens to the anguish in his vice and remains quiet. Aroused by his loving admiration of her body, she absentmindedly strokes his cheek with her fingers as she listens to him. She knows how badly Mark needs her sex to reassure himself of her love for him. His life is a quagmire of broken relationships and the loss of the things he loves.

Mark lives his life on the fringe of society. He is always looking in. He is never part of the joviality or in a cluster of friendship. Mark needs her femininity this moment. As trivial as it may seem, his grief over the loss of her panties is soul-deep. It represents a tangible token from a deeply erotic moment of sacred love, stolen from him and callously discarded.

Yolanda lies on her back on the front bench seat, her legs apart. Mark lifts his hand from her breast. He places his hand on her upper thigh against the soft curves of her cunny and looks down at her. Mark touches her soft mound with his fingertips. Mark takes his time. Without thinking about it, he concentrates on exploring her femininity, not aware of what he is doing to Yolanda as he softly strokes her cunny lips. Yolanda releases her nectar. Mark lifts his fingers to his mouth to taste the love of the girl in his embrace.

Yolanda watched him do it. A surge of overwhelming love floods her heart as she sees him taste her nectar. It is such a simple, loving, and unconscious act. Mark is expressing his need to absorb her into his inner self. Tasting her intimacy is like taking a calming drug to stabilise his emotions. Mark looks into her eyes again. He sees her love radiate back to him. He turns his head and looks at the stars through the windshield of the car, silent once more and thinking, touching, feeling the tender softness of the girl in his embrace.

Mark is not aware he brings on her orgasm as he explores her cunny. Mark hears her gasping. He turns his face back to Yolanda and looks deep into her eyes as her feelings peak. ‘I love you,’ she whispers, looking back at him. A sense of wholeness comes over Mark. He feels the completeness in his core like he has never felt before. Looking at the nude girl beside him, he wants to take her into himself. Make her an integral part of who he is. Mark remembers what Yolanda told him after their first sexual encounter. 'You have tasted me as I have tasted you. We are part of each other, never separated. You belong to me as I belong to you.' His longing for this girl is core deep, two bodies one soul. He bends down and kisses her cunny intimately and lingers long to taste her femininity. Yolanda’s heart is overflowing with love for this deeply sensitive, emotional man who loves her body and soul. Her erotic dreams of Mark kissing her cunny as she masturbates fade into insignificance as she experiences the intimacy of his love when he gently adores her sex.

‘I want to marry you now and live with you,' Mark says. 'I do not want to go back to that house so full of hatred and malice. I hate living there.’ His hand is gently stroking her cunny again. Yolanda gasps again as one orgasm follows another. Yolanda presses her hand on his, pushing his hand deep into her cunny to stop him from evoking her feelings. There is a long silence as Yolanda, pressing his hand hard against her cunny lips, comes to herself again. Mark straightens up in his seat, puts his right hand on the steering wheel, leaving his left hand on her cunny. He looks at Yolanda, waiting for her to speak.

Yolanda heard Mark speak about needing direction to make changes in his life. She knows if he did not have some form of guidance, he does not know what to do. Yolanda thinks about Marks' needs while she is still struggling with her raging hormones and emotions. She is achingly aware of his fingers stroking her cunny again. Unable to contain the constant arousal, Yolanda again presses her hand against his hand to stop him from driving her insane with the feelings he evokes. She tries to sound normal, still gasping as she speaks, ‘maybe you should move out of your parents' home. You are twenty-seven and old enough to stand on your own two feet. Spend the day looking for a flat and shift into it. I will help you organize everything.’ Mark looks at her, noting her gasping breath as she comes into another orgasm. He bends over and kisses her cunny deeply and then her lips. Yolanda lies helplessly in his lap, pulls his head down, and pours out all the love she feels for this sensitive, beautiful, loving man, and kisses him deeply.

When Yolanda has herself back under control, she straightens up to retrieve her panties from the floor and puts them on. Mark says, ‘I think you are right. It is time to move out and find a place of my own. 'This is the end,' Mark says, 'I do not want to live with parents who don’t love me. From now on, I only want to live with you.’ Yolanda did not speak. ‘I loved you,’ he whispers to her and kisses her while his hand moves to caress her breast. ‘I know.’ She says and puts her hand on his as Mark again tries to caress her inner thighs. He breaths in her feminine fragrance and then lifts his fingers to his nose to inhale her scent. After a while, he looks into her eyes and sees tears welling up. She speaks softly, ‘I will always be there for you, and I love you more than life itself. I am yours forever.’ 

The gentle, loving caresses, the way he looked at her breasts and stroked her cunny, his kisses, all of it, touched her soul. It was not deliberate sexual touching; it was a desperate need to know that what he needed and loved about her the most was still his to love and cherish. Mark needed to touch her breasts and the taste of her cunny as much as he needed air to breathe. Overwhelmed with her feelings of love for this beautiful, loving man who so desperately needed her, Yolanda kisses him fiercely on the lips. Mark gave her all that he was and showed his need for her. Yolanda saw it in his eyes. Marks' deep, emotional need for her femininity touches her inner core. Mark looks at the naked girl sitting beside him, only dressed in lace panties. He realises what she has done. She gave herself completely to his anguish. She used her femininity to calm his soul. Mark feels a wholeness at seeing this beautiful girl and knowing she is his for the asking. It fills him with overwhelming love and gratitude for the love she radiates from the depth of her heart, leaving Mark speechless.

‘Where are you going to sleep?’ Yolanda asked Mark. ‘It’s only a few hours to dawn; I will stay in the car.’ Mark feels deeply grateful for her gentle love and the unconditional soothing gift of her body in the time of his deepest need. Mark says, ‘I think you better go back in the house. It will save a lot of explaining later.’ He kisses her as she moves towards the door of the car. Yolanda silently opens the door and steps out. Yolanda leans back in and gives him a gentle soft kiss on his lips; she steps away from the car and very softly closes the door again. Mark watches her walk back to the house, putting on her T-shirt as she walks. With her back turned to Mark, Yolanda is crying silently for the anguish of her lover. She enters the house and softly closes the door behind her.

Yolanda thinks of Mark’s need to touch her femininity in his distress. She understands that touching her breasts and tasting her cunny brought him the physical wholeness and the sense of love he so desperately craved. To assure his inner self, she was still his to love. That he had not lost her too, Yolanda takes it all into herself. The desperate need Mark has for her sexuality. Yolanda resolves to have Mark make love to her in marriage as soon as possible. He needs me; she thinks, not aware that she needs Mark as much as he needs her.

Still crying silently, Yolanda creeps back into her bedroom, thinking of what happened. She takes her T-shirt and panties off and lays down on the bed naked. Subconsciously, she traces the parts of her body where Mark touched her. Thinking about the way Mark had derived a calm peacefulness from her sexuality. She fingers her cunny and nipples, trying to bring back the feeling he evoked in her. Rolling her nipple at the same time, Yolanda explores her cunny. She puts her fingers into her mouth to taste herself the way Mark had savoured her cunny. 

Thinking of Mark, Yolanda brings on another orgasm. The eroticism of her actions escapes her, but the memories she evoked linger long after she turns on her side to go to sleep. Yolanda thinks how much Mark has become dependent on her. She is the only friend he has. She is the only family he has. She wants to marry Mark as soon as possible and give him a place where he belongs, at home with her. Yolanda falls into a disturbed sleep.

21 Unexpected events

Mark wakes up in a cramped position and gets out of the car to stretch his legs. He has parked the car near the toilet block of the park. It is about six o’clock on a cool, late summer morning. Mark can smell the fresh bread from the bakery on the main street. He feels shabby and unclean. Mark has bad taste in his mouth from not having brushed his teeth. By choice, he is homeless. Mark resolves to start looking for a flat, as Yolanda had suggested. But not before he has eaten some breakfast. 

Mark walks to the toilet to relieve himself and goes in search of food. He walks to the bakery. Mark thinks of Yolanda and the loving way she healed him, automatically putting his fingers under his nose. He smells the fragrance of her cunny still lingering there. He puts his finger in his mouth and tastes her on his tongue.

Mark arrives at the bakery the same moment a young girl unlocks the door. She opened the door for him to enter the shop. Mark saunters to the counter and parks his weary body on a stool. He orders a breakfast of bacon and eggs on toast with a large coffee. The girl takes his order. She hands him a paper from the bundle left near the front door of the shop. The girl disappears into the kitchen. Mark looks at the housing section. He is looking for a flat to rent that would suit him. Some time passes. The girl came back from the kitchen with his order. Mark is pleased with both the quantity and quality of the food. Mark eats as he continues to look for accommodation to rent. Mark takes a pen out of his shirt pocket. He circles a couple of possible prospects and writes the phone numbers in his notebook. By the time he has finished his meal and looked at the paper, it is seven-thirty. It is still a little too early to go knocking on doors. He lingers over another cup of coffee until eight o’clock and gets up, goes to a public phone on the wall. He calls the first telephone number and asks for the address to inspect the place.

A couple of hours later, Mark found the type of unfurnished accommodation he likes. He paid a deposit and signed a lease. Mark drives home to collect his things. Mark puts them in the back of his truck. Against the protest of his mother, he tells her that it is time he looks after himself. Mark and is sorry for leaving her with his stepdad. He kisses her goodbye. Mark leaves for his new address. Mark off-loads his belongings from the back of his truck and searches for Yolanda at the dress shop.

It is lunchtime for Yolanda. She is free to do her own thing for the next hour. Mark takes her to his new home address and serves her a salad sandwich with brewed coffee for lunch. Mark ordered the food for them at the bread shop earlier. Yolanda approves of the unit. She tells Mark she will add the feminine touch later to make it feel like his own home. Mark looks at her. He marvels at how she calmly speaks to him when only hours before he had her naked in his car and made love to her. Mark can still smell her love potion on his hand. He knows that Yolanda is deeply conscious of his need. She tries gently to coach his thoughts in the direction of their conversation.

‘Something is going on at home, but I don’t know what it is,’ she said. ‘My parents behave suspiciously, and they whisper in secret when they think I am not listening.’ Mark asks, ‘when did this start to happen?’ ‘Right after I turned twenty-one,’ Yolanda tells Mark. ‘Do you think it has something to do with the fact that you are now of age?’ ‘I don’t know, but it seems by the way they are secretive. They keep looking at me. I think it involves me.’ Replies Yolanda.

‘Do you have any ideas?’ Mark asks. ‘None,’ she says. ‘It will eventually happen,’ replies Mark. ‘Just be ready for when it does.’ ‘But how will I know?’ ‘Keep your eyes and ears open and do not let on to them that you are aware. You are suspicious. That is already halfway to finding out what they are after. Do you have your birth certificate? That is a good place to start because it establishes your legal right to self-determination. Get a hold of it as soon as you can.’ Yolanda thought, ‘that is good advice. I will ask my stepparents for it when I get home.’ ‘No, don’t. If you ask them for your birth certificate, you are tipping them off to your intention for independence. Try to get hold of it on the quiet.’ It was time for Yolanda to go back to work. They kissed, and Mark took her back to the dress shop.

The next thing Mark had to do was to buy some linen and kitchen utensils. He spent the afternoon going through the various shops to acquire what he needed. By the time the day was over, Mark had set up comfortable accommodation for himself. Yolanda called it a typical bachelor flat and said she will make it a place where a woman would feel comfortable. Quietly, Mark was pleased. If Yolanda felt good being in the flat with him, she would not likely want to go elsewhere.

22 Jenny story

Jenny's story is pitiful and depressing. It is a story full of violence and abuse from the moment of her birth. Early one morning, a council worker, went to collect rubbish in the park, heard a wailful cry of an infant coming from the direction of the female toilet block in the park. The soft wailing roused his curiosity. He went to the door of the female toilets and called out to see of anyone might need help. He got no reply except for the pitiful wail of an infant in distress. He was reluctant to go into a female toilet. He fears people will accuse him of improper behaviour if they see him. Yet, he is becoming increasingly concerned with the wail of the infant. He overcame his reluctance and stepped inside. 

Once he turned the corner of the security wall, he saw a cardboard box lined with newsprint. In it was a naked and cold newborn baby. There was no woman anywhere in the toilet block, which confirmed his thoughts the mother had abandoned her child and left it to die. He noticed the baby was a little girl. He opened his warm Jacket and held the tiny infant against his chest to make her warm. He was a confirmed bachelor. He had no idea what he needed to do to keep the child alive. At a complete loss, not knowing what to do next, he remembered an orphanage not far from the park where Nuns cared for little girls. It was the logical choice to take the child there.

There was no note or any other form of information of who the child might be. He softly spoke to her and called her Jenny. He carried her against his chest to bring her to the orphanage. When he arrived at the imposing gates of the orphanage, he felt intimidated by the might of the Catholic Church. It had such a powerful influence on society. Seeing the evidence of the imposing structure of the orphanage building, he knew he had done the right thing to bring the baby here. He believed with all his heart that the good Nuns would take care of the child just as a devoted, loving mother would.

He pushed the bell button on the post at the imposing gate and waited for someone to come from the building. He was rather surprised when an unfriendly voice said,' What do you want?' He looked around but saw no one. Again, he pushed the bell button. A now exasperated voice said,' What do you want?' 'At a loss what to say, he blurted out, 'I found a baby in a cardboard box, and I do not know what to do with her. Her name is Jenny. Just little Jenny,' he said for confirmation. There was only silence in response.

Some minutes went by before he saw the front door of the building open. A Nun came out. She walked up the path towards him. She had an imposing bunch of keys on a keying that swung from her hands. She seemed to be marching to an un-heard drumbeat, coming to the gate where he was standing. When she reached the gate, she did not look at him. The Nun lifted the bunch of keys and unlocked the gate. She reached for the baby in his arms wrapped in his Jacket. The Nun took her callously from him. She turned her back on him without saying a single word. As the Nun was about to close the gate, he asked her if he could come back for his Jacket. He also wanted to check on Jenny. The Nun took the child from the jacket and handed it back to him. The sudden cold made the child cry in her arms. The child wailed as the Nun closed the gate and marched back to the building from which she had come. She went inside and closed the door behind her. The callousness of the exchange shocked the man. It left him standing there in utter disbelief. He wondered if he had done the right thing, bringing the child to this unwelcome place. There was nothing he could do about it for now. He would be back to check on the baby.

A week had gone by when he went back to the orphanage to ask about little Jenny. Once again, he rang the bell to the imposing building, but this time when a voice asked him what he wanted, he stated his case. 'I want to see baby Jenny,' he said. 'Are you family' the unfriendly voice asked. 'No, I am not,' he replied. I bought the child here a week ago. I want to know how she is.' 'She is doing fine.' The voice replied. 'Is there anything else you want,' the voice asked. 'I want to see her,' he replied. 'Not possible,' the voice said. He tried to speak to the voice again, but whoever had been speaking to him was now gone. There was no use trying to make further conversation with a dead speaker.

Over the following months, he repeatedly tried to see Jenny. She had become a very important part of his life. He felt responsible for her. He wanted to have her as a part of his life. Regardless of his attempts, he could not gain entry to the imposing building that now held his little Jenny a prisoner for life.

He went to work in the park. In his spare time, he spent all his efforts to find out how he could get into contact with the authorities. He wanted permission to see his little Jenny. He was not a follower of the Catholic Church. Therefore, he did not know the procedures to follow. Eventually, he went to speak to a Catholic priest. He went to the first Church he could find and knocked on the presbytery door. A middle-aged woman answered the door. He asked whom he would have to see to access his baby girl in the Catholic orphanage. The woman told him to wait and went inside the building. A few minutes later, an elderly man in a black cassock came to the door and asked him what he wanted. Again, he repeated his question. He wanted to see little Jenny he had brought to the orphanage months ago. The Nuns would not allow him to see her. 'Are you the father,' asked the man. 'No, I am not.' 'Are you a relative?' The man asked. 'No, I am not.' He replied again. 'Sorry,' the man said, 'there is nothing I can do for you. Relatives are the only ones allowed to see the children. You can only see her if you have permission from the family of the child. Good day to you.' With that, he closed the door in his face. The man stood there in front of the closed door, shaking his head. That is why I hate religion, he thought. As he walked away from the presbytery, he was in deep thought and not paying attention crossing the street in front of a speeding car. He lost his life to the ever-increasing road toll in the city. Jenny would never know about the unknown man who had loved her. He lost his life in pursuit of finding her again, to make her a part of his life. 

After the Catholic Church closed the girl's orphanage in the 1980 s, evidence came to light of the sadistic, loveless cruelty the children had suffered while in the care of the Nuns.

As she grew up, Jenny was to know only one love. There was a senior girl given the task to look after her from birth. Jenny loved the gentle little mother who cared for her with infinite love. Under the strict rules of the order to which the Nuns belonged, for moral reasons, they must avoid an emotional attachment to the children Therefore, they treated the children with callous disregard, military precision style with strict discipline. Jenny was a sensitive, withdrawn child, She` did not mix well with other children and never knew anything other than the loveless, detached regimented life in the orphanage. 

An older child, tasked with looking after Jenny, loved her and took care of her in every way she could. The girl encouraged Jenny to play with other children. Jenny would only play with the other children if her guardian joined in the game. Otherwise, she was a recluse. Jenny refused to make friendships with other children. Jenny was an extraordinarily beautiful child. She was small and delicate with angel features. Her long, golden hair flowed in waves down her back. Jenny was an undiagnosed, highly intelligent, autistic child. Jenny's beauty and inability to socialise made her a target with the other children. The constant jealousy of her extraordinary beauty and seemingly aloof attitude brought on relentless teasing and bullying. Jenny was an undiagnosed autistic child, misunderstood and treated as a misfit among the other children. Her guardian was not always there to protect Jenny. On many occasions, Jenny had unexplained 'accidents that left her bruised and scarred.

Jenny grew up in the regimented orphanage life, devoid of loving care. The Nuns forced her to work when she was not doing her schoolwork. Jenny could play games on Sunday. As time went by, Jenny graduated from sweeping and cleaning floors to sorting dirty linens and helping with washing clothes. Jenny's daily routine started at six in the morning and finished at nine each night. She started her day going to the bathroom to do her morning ablutions. Go to the toilet, washed her face, and cunny with cold water. Then she dressed. Then she returned to her bed to make it tidy. Jenny had to clean around her bed to prevent vermin from contaminating the place where she lived. 

Invariably all the rubbish that a dormitory could collect was deliberately pushed around her bed. Jenny was unable to stop the unrelenting bullying and degradation heaped on her. This behaviour had been going on since she was a baby. Jenny was the target of systemic physical and emotional abuse. This was Jenny's life; she knew no other. 

On Saturdays, she had a communal bath with other children. The Nuns would come to line them up in the bathroom. The girls had to strip naked. The first Nun would pour cold water over the girls. Another Nun used Lysol to clean the girl's hair in case the girls had lice. The girls went to another Nun to scrub their bodies with course soap. The next Nun would dry them off. The last Nun saw to their dressing routine. Summer or winter, it never varied. No matter how bitterly cold it was, she never had hot water to wash herself with. Hot water was only available for the Nuns. 

Jenny was to make her first confession and Holy Communion when she was seven. The Nuns prepared her for the upcoming events and told her to see a priest in a separate little room used for confession. One of the Nuns took Jenny to the room. When she entered, she saw a fat priest sitting on a chair in front of a desk. The desk stood against the long wall of the room. There was a cupboard in the far corner next to the desk. In the opposite corner was a single bed. A washstand stood at the foot of the bed. On the washstand stood a large white bowl and water jug with a pale blue floral design. There were several clean towels on a shelf under the washstand.
 
Jenny stood in the doorway feeling uncomfortable. She was scared to be alone in the room with the fat priest. Jenny had an unwelcome premonition. Fear flooding her mind. She wanted her guardian friend with her, but the Nun taking her to the priest denied her request. 'Confession is only for you with the priest,' the Nun had told her. The priest had a smile on his face that did not reach his eyes. He beckoned her to come closer. She was afraid of him and feared being close to him. Eventually, he stood up and came to stand before her. When he stood in front of her, she looked directly into the folds of a big stomach and chest. He took her slim, fine-boned hand in his pudgy, sweaty hand to bring her back to his chair. Jenny felt sick in the stomach with fear of what was to come. The Nun retreated and closed the door behind her, abandoning little, beautiful, delicate Jenny to the fat unconscionable paedophile priest.

The priest sat on his chair. Then spoke to her. 'Have you come for your first confession?' He asked. 'Yes,' she said. 'You are a very beautiful little girl. Would you like to sit on my lap?' The priest asked. 'No,' Jenny said. 'How old are you, my darling?' The priest asked. 'Seven.' Jenny replied. 'What have the Nuns told you to do? Did they tell you to obey me and do everything I ask you to do?' 'Yes.' Jenny said. That was the beginning of nine years of unspeakable sexual abuse. The Nuns allowed Jenny to suffer the abuse at the hands of the paedophile priest. The horrendous sexual abuse only ended when Jenny, at age sixteen, fell pregnant to the paedophile priest. The nuns arranged for Jenny to be married to cover up the sexual abuse of the priest at the orphanage. The name of the paedophile was the very Reverent Father Dennis O'Brien.

When Jenny was seven, Fr. O'Brien sexually abused her for the first time at the old orphanage. Forcing Jenny to orally masturbate him. It happened each month when he came to hear her confession. When she was old enough, the priest penetrated her. When she became pregnant the Nuns forced her to marry another paedophile, rapist. Raped repeatedly following her sham marriage, Jenny had never known anything other than vile emotional and physical abuse. Every morning it is the same routine, another rape by her husband. He bent her over the kitchen table and took her from behind. Then the abuse and the filth followed coming from his foul mouth. He called her a whore and slut. He told Jenny she did not deserve any better than what she got. The verbal abuse always accompanied the physical abuse. At other times, Jenny's husband would beat her viciously, hurting her in places that did not show. Jenny had never known sexual love. The people who should have protected Jenny, loved her, and kept her safe from cruelty and abuse, were the very people who destroyed Jenny's emotional wellbeing.

23 A beautiful boy

Late one afternoon on a hot summer day, Jenny went to the hospital. She needed her tonsils removed. The operation is the following morning. As a nurse took fifteen-year-old Jenny to the bed she was to occupy; she saw a young teenage boy around her age in the room next to hers as she passed by. Jenny wanted to go back and look at him. He was the very first living boy she ever saw in her life. After the nurse was gone, Jenny walked back to the door of the boy’s room and took a sneak peek at the boy. She stood in wonder near the door, absorbing his fresh young maleness into her inner core. The boy was asleep. He was handsome. He had long, curly brown hair with a lock over his eye. He wore a T-shirt and pyjama pants. Without thinking, she stroked her lips with the tip of her tongue. She focussed her eyes on his groin. She was curious and thought he must be much nicer than the dirty fat cock of the priest she had to suck.

Today was a day of firsts for her. She had never been outside the orphanage. She was never unsupervised and free to be by herself. She had never seen a beautiful boy her own age. Jenny wore an old white T-shirt as her pyjama top. The skimpy cotton panties and T-shirt are a cast-off donated to the orphanage. Her panties were quite visible. Jenny made no effort to hide them. There was never any need in the girl's orphanage to hide her underwear. 

Jenny had never known anything other than the vile oral sex of a dirty priest. Sucking on his filthy cock was the only thing she had ever known. Seeing the young, clean boy aroused her. It made her curious about the taste of his erection. She returned to her room.
 
That night she thought about the boy as she went to sleep. There was still the lingering heat from the day's sun when Jenny woke up. It was dark, but the moonlight shone through the window. Jenny got out of bed. She wanted to see the boy again. She went to the boy's room and saw he was asleep and uncovered. He lay on his back. His semi-erect member was pointing up through the opening in his shorts. His maleness looked nice and small. Feelings stirred in her she never had before. Her heart was racing. She wanted to touch him. Explore him. Know how he would feel and taste. The temptation for Jenny was too much. She tiptoed to the boy's bed and admired his cleanliness. The smaller size of his member intrigued her. Jenny, ever so gently, tried not to wake the boy when she touched his erection. She watched it rise, pointing straight up at her, ready for love and kisses.

The lights were off. The moon was shining through the window. The only other light came from the nurses' station at the far end of the corridor. He was dreaming a beautiful angel was standing beside his bed. She was looking at his erection as she stroked him. The moonlight reflected on her reddish, golden locks spilling over her face down to her waist. She was ethereal. There seemed to be a fuzzy halo of light around her as the moonlight framed her lovely slim face with delicate features, full lips, and intense green eyes looked back at him. She bent over him. Her face was close to his erection. Her small breasts were visible through the neck opening of the oversized shirt she was wearing. It was the first time he saw a girls’ breasts. His heart came into his throat, beating fast. Within seconds, his male response to her closeness and beauty grew into a firm erection, pointing straight up at the angel's face. He didn't know what to think or do, but the feelings she evoked in him paralysed him to inaction. 

He dared not speak. He was too scared the angel would disappear. He was trying to lie still while his body was convulsing in response to her soft, gentle touch. The feeling was exquisite; He did not want her to stop. The angel bowed her head over him. Her golden hair fell forward hiding her angelic face behind a golden curtain. She gently put her mouth around his shaft and began moving him in and out of her mouth. The feelings she evoked in him were exquisite. Within moments, he reached the peak of his feelings. With an explosion, he climaxed. The angel continued to stroke his tense, jerking shaft as he convulsed. She stayed still for a while longer, her mouth still wrapped around his shaft.

The angel slowly releases him from her lips. She looked into his face. She lingers for a moment longer and bends over him. Her face was close to his. Her golden hair cascades around him like a curtain, enclosing their faces in a cocoon of golden lace. She looks into his eyes. She gives him a soft, feathery kiss on his lips. As she straightens up, the curtain of golden lace disappears from around her as she fades into the night. She was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. He didn't know if she was real or not. Maybe he was dreaming. Too stunned to do anything, he looked to where she had vanished. He would never see her again.

24 Jenny decides

She found the lace panties. The outrage she felt at the injustice she suffered all her life came to a head. A couple of days after finding the lace panties, Jenny thought, if Mark can have a sweet cunny, so will I. Jenny had not been able to sleep. Before going to bed that day, she retrieved the scrap of lace and smelt the sex on the cloth. It made her gag. It was revolting. Regardless, the thought of oral female sex would not leave her mind. She became obsessed, thinking about the smell and the taste of female sex. It was driving her towards the edge of a cliff from which she would not return. Disgusted with herself for what she had done, she discarded the scrap of lace with the kitchen scraps.

The last couple of nights, Jenny had tossed and turned. The more she thought about the love denied to her. Her anger rose to the surface. When she got up in the morning, Bill forced her to comply with the usual morning routine. He forced another rape and violent abuse of her body. They say sex is beautiful, Jenny thought. From the time Jenny was seven years old, Fr O'Brien sexually abused her. The only thing Jenny knew was filth and pain, and more pain. When he finished, he said she was a filthy slut, 'that's what you made me,' she told Bill repeatedly. Every time she said it, Bill would hit her and call her a filthy whore. She went to the shower to cleanse herself of the foulness of the morning rape and the stench that accompanied it.

Jenny was curious about her son's rendezvous with Yolanda on Valentines' Day. She knew something happened that she had never had. When she found the sky-blue lace panties, it confirmed her suspicions. They smelled of sex. Her desire for female sex had overwhelmed her. She was lesbian through and through. The smell of female sex hit her hard, to the core of her being. The time had come for her to do something she thought she would never do. Jenny decided to go to the café in town to meet the woman who had attracted her attention as she walked by.

Bugger Bill, I don't give a damn anymore, Jenny thought, he can look after the store while I go out. She was going to dress carefully and go into town today. She wanted to meet the gorgeous woman she saw in town. The tall, svelte brunet had drawn her attention. Jenny spent a lot of time in the shower. She put on her best clean clothes. Mark had given her some lavender perfume spray for Christmas. Jenny dabbed it on her wrists and neck. On second thought, Jenny pulled her panties down and sprayed some perfume on her pubic hair. She felt she still had a chance at love. Jenny was only forty-two years old. She still had nice breasts, she told herself. Her cunny was still sweet and ready for love. If she did not believe it, she might as well kill herself now and get it done. She already knew this was her fate. She had reached the end of her rope. Any more of the physical, emotional, and loveless suffering she had endured all her life and life would not be worth living. Today was her very last chance at love, take it, or die.

25 A daring move

Jenny told Bill she needed to go to the shop for personal things. She went to a dress shop in town to buy a special outfit to meet the woman who had drawn her attention. She wanted to wear something special for the occasion. She settled on a flared mini skirt and a fitted top to show off her small breasts. Having made her choice of dress, she went home to change into her new clothes. As always, Bill ignored her as she came into the shop. When Jenny left the house to go into town, she managed to avoid Bill. He was in the cool room sorting vegetables. Jenny got in the car and drove to town. She went to the hairdresser and had her long, reddish-gold hair blow-dried and styled. Jenny took a long look in the mirror and approved of the transformation she had wrought. Old Fr O’Brien is no longer keeping me under his controlling thumb, she thought. He has condemned me to Hell already. What more can he do to me?

Ready to make her presentation, she went into the shopping centre, parked the car, and strolled up the street. She walked within sight of the café. She stopped, her heart hammering in her chest. Jenny took a deep breath and said to herself, it’s now or never, be daring, you already have no, but you can get yes. She picked her courage up from where she dropped on the pavement in a moment of hesitation. With a firm resolve, she headed for the Café. When Jenny walked into the café, she looked around where she would sit to attract the attention of the woman she came to meet.

Some young people were sitting at tables on the footpath. Jenny felt sure they were queer, just like her. She chose to sit inside rather than out on the footpath. She felt less conspicuous there. Suddenly Jenny had her doubts. These were young people, she thought. I am too old to be doing this sort of thing. Jenny was very nervous. She was unsure of herself but trying to look casual. Jenny put on a positive attitude. She walked to a little table in the middle of the room that faced the counter and sat down. She took little peaks at the woman, busy behind the counter, too uncertain to look straight at her. 

Miranda had watched jenny enter the cafe The joy she felt at seeing Jenny almost overwhelmed her. She saw the woman a week ago as she walked past the cafe. She had instantly recognised a kindred spirit in her. Miranda came from behind the counter and walked up to Jenny. By now, Jenny was super nervous and afraid the woman could see how nervous she felt. Now talk to the woman, Jenny thought. ‘Nice café you have here.’ She said. The tall, slender brunette looked elegant, even in her work clothes. Miranda stood near Jenny with her pencil and pad, ready to take her order. Jenny ever so slightly turned to Miranda and looked into her eyes. She saw instant recognition, and her heart missed a beat. Had she found her kindred spirit? 

Denied loving social contact all her life, Jenny had no social filters and said what came to her mind. Jennys' autism was unknown, ignored, and misunderstood from childhood. Her autism had cost her dearly, denying her a life of love that was hers by right. Meeting Miranda, Jenny made her first mistake. She held the woman’s gaze just a little too long. This woman was not a novice, Jenny thought. Miranda saw the grief and desperation in Jenny's eyes, the gut-deep longing for love. Miranda understood the bluntness of Jenny's request. Tears pooled in her eyes as she looked at the angelic vision of Jenny and thought, what evil happened to you, my darling. Miranda felt the woman's pain reflected in her soul. She didn’t turn her face away from Jenny but looked her straight in the eye.

‘Yes,’ she said, taking a casual look around the café, ‘I have been working here a long time but I only purchased the business about a month ago.’ ‘And how is it going?’ Jenny asked. ‘Slow but picking up,’ she replied. ‘As you can see, I cater for the lost and lonely of heart. Why else would they be sitting here and not alone at home? Jenny’s heart soared. Was it possible she had found what she had missed all her life? ‘Now, what would you like?’ Miranda asked. Jenny’s heart was beating fast. Would she dare to be so blatant? What would happen if she had misjudged the woman? A little voice inside her said, if you do not ask, you do not get. Therefore, she spoke up and said what was really in her heart. Can I have you...? She whispered, looking into the woman’s eyes. 

Miranda had seen and heard it all before. The desperation, the blunt request, the final request of a person about to die. Her heart went out to the angelic creature before her. The exquisite beauty of the woman belied the depth of grief that was in her soul. Ever so slightly, Miranda tilted her head to the side and gave Jenny a gentle and appraising look. Jenny’s blatant request did not shock her. She had been hoping that is why Jenny had come to her café. After a moment, she said, ‘I will be free in an hour. Then my partner will take over for the afternoon. I will be back.’ She gracefully walked back to the counter. ‘What is your name?’ The woman asked over her shoulder, ‘Jenny,’ Jenny said, ‘What is yours?’ ‘Miranda,’ ‘Where do you come from, Miranda?’ Jenny asked as the other woman walked behind the counter to prepare a drink for her. Jenny had noticed the woman’s lilting accent and loved it. ‘I am French Canadian,’ the woman replied, lifting her eyes to look at Jenny. ‘So how come you are in Australia?’ Jenny asked. ‘I came here on holiday. When I was ready to go home, I arrived at the airport too late. My plane had already left.’ ‘How long ago was that?’ Asked Jenny, a little amused at the quick wit of the woman’s cryptic comment! ‘Ah, not long enough,’ Miranda replied.

‘Miranda, do you like redheads?’ Jenny asked, suddenly frightened of what she was about to do. ‘Oh, the fire, said Miranda, ‘I love fiery redheads, but you, you’re not a redhead, you’re an angel with your long, wild, golden curls, you are divine. Will you wait for me, or will you come back?’ Asked Miranda, hoping Jenny would stay. ‘I would like to wait, please?’ Jenny said, blushing furiously. Then she whispered as an after-thought, ‘because I want to look at you.’ Miranda looked up as she heard the whisper. She gave Jenny a knowing look and nod of understanding.

Miranda turned back to her task, making the coffee for Jenny. Jenny was nervously clutching her purse and fidgeting with the clasp. Miranda came back with a Late. How did you know? I didn’t order any coffee, said Jenny. ‘On the house,’ Jenny looked up at Miranda. 'Thanks.' Mirandas' face broke into a lovely broad smile. Then she turned away to finish her shift.
 
Miranda thought about the palpable emotional distress in Jenny. Her heart cried out to the slender, angelic beauty at the bluntness of her request, ‘to have you,’ and the whispered request, ‘to sit and look at you.’ She is clutching at straws, thought Miranda. This girl is emotionally deeply traumatised and drowning in despair. When Miranda saw Jenny the previous week, she thought, this woman is death in waiting. She is not long for this world if I do not rescue her before it is too late. Miranda wanted the woman to stay. Why she wanted Jenny to stay, she did not know. Something drew her to the woman. Something deep inside her told her this woman was special.

26 At last the gift of love

When she was ready, Miranda came to get Jenny. Coming to Jenny’s table, Miranda reached out. She took Jenny's hand. Jenny felt a strong, secure grip take hold of her. The kind of grip that does not want to let go. It sent a wave of pure joy into Jenny. Had she found what she was looking for? As Jenny got up from the table, she asked, ‘where are we going?’ ‘To my rooms,’ said Miranda. ‘Do you live here’ asked Jenny? ‘Yes, I own the place.’ Firmly holding Jenny by the hand, she led her through to the back of the café. In passing behind the counter, Miranda told a person attending to the coffee machine; she would not be available for the rest of the day. 

Miranda led Jenny through a door and into a hallway to her private quarters. She took Jenny to her bedroom. By now, Jenny was breathing fast. She could not think. Once Miranda had Jenny in the bedroom, she closed the door behind her. Miranda put her hands onto Jenny’s shoulders, turned her around to face her. Then Miranda, ever so gently, put her hands on either side of Jenny’s face. Then she kissed Jenny on her lips with a deep, lingering kiss. Miranda had taken Jenny by surprise. She had never received a gentle, loving kiss like that before. Fire exploded in Jenny’s loins. She felt dizzy and staggered. Miranda caught her and held her in a tight embrace. Instantly aroused, Jenny flooded between her legs. Miranda, taking the dominant role, explored Jenny’s mouth. 

Miranda kissed Jenny. She undid Jenny’s clothes. Within moments, the top and miniskirt were pooling on the floor around Jenny’s feet. Her bra followed seconds later. Miranda cupped Jenny’s small breasts. Before Jenny could get her wits together, Miranda pushed Jenny backward. Jenny fell onto the bed. Not a word passed between them. Jenny’s mind was reeling with a mixture of feelings she did not know she possessed. Lying naked on the bed with her legs dangling over the edge, Miranda came over her and began to massage her breasts. Hugging and kissing her, suckling one nipple and then the other. Miranda was ravishing her body. Jenny felt Miranda plant kisses on her belly and then lower where Miranda came to the elastic of her plain panties. Miranda hooked her fingers behind the elastic and said ‘up,’ and Jenny raised herself as Miranda pulled the panties off her butt. In one quick movement, the panties had slipped over her feet and fell on the floor. Jenny was stark naked. Miranda appraised her work. She looked at Jenny intently, tilting her head sideways as she observed the scars on Jenny’s body. Noting how Jenny had suffered at the hands of a vicious sadist. Jenny noticed Miranda’s eyes water. Miranda bent over Jenny, and in adoration, kissed her cunny with a soft lingering kiss.

When Miranda moved, it was to put her tongue ever so gently over the silky soft surface of her skin. A bolt of lightning hit Jenny. It had her reeling on the point of oblivion. Jenny thought she had died and gone to heaven. Miranda straightened up and said, ’feel any better?’ By now, Jenny was sobbing, and tears flooded down her face. ‘How did you know?’ Jenny asked. ‘You were positively starving to death for want of love,’ said Miranda. ‘How did you know?’ Jenny asked again. Are you a psychologist or something?’ ‘As a matter of fact, I am a psychologist for gay people. My cafe is a gay and lesbian coffee shop where we gather and plan our mischief.’ Miranda said. ‘I am not registered because I prefer to do my work by socialising rather than hang out my shingle.’ ‘But what you did was unethical,’ Jenny said, ‘not as long as you are not my client. I can have you as my partner, girlfriend, or lover,’ she said, ‘and nobody can touch me. Would you like that?' She asked. Jenny was still sobbing from the release of a lifetime of repressed emotions. She looked at Miranda and said, ‘Oh God, yes, yes please, yes, I need you as my lover.’ Jenny begged.

‘Alright then,’ Miranda said. The acceptance Jenny had received from a total stranger who had loved her most intimately without asking any questions overwhelmed her. That is not what Jenny had anticipated. She just wanted someone to love her for once in her life, and then she would kill herself.

Miranda asked Jenny if she would like to have a cup of tea, ‘Oh, yes, please,’ Jenny said as she was about to put her clothes back on. ‘No,’ said Miranda, ‘the Jenny who wore those clothes in here today was given an honourable farewell. As of now, you are my Phoenix. You have risen from the ashes of your old life, and as of this moment, you are beginning a whole new chapter in life with a new identity.’ ‘I can’t afford that,’ Jenny said. ‘I know,' Miranda said, ‘but that is my gift to you, at your rebirth. As of this moment, we celebrate a new beginning. Here, put on this Kimono. We are going shopping.’ ‘Like this?’ Jenny asked. ‘I don’t even have any panties on?’ ‘Sweetheart, did you have any clothes on when you were born?’ ‘No.’ 'well, there you go.’ Miranda said. ‘Be daring. Walk out into the world for a 100% new start.’ ‘But I do not have any panties on?’ ‘Who else knows that apart from you and me?’ Miranda asked. ‘No one does.’ ‘So, unless you tell them, they will never know, will they?’ It took Jenny only seconds to see what it would do for her, ‘I am being reborn, aren’t I!’ She said. It was not a question.
 
‘Sweetheart,’ Miranda said, ‘take a shower and wash off the old skin. We are going shopping!’ That blew Jenny’s mind going shopping in the nude with only a kimono for covering. ‘Don’t worry; the kimono is not a see-through garment. It covers you from head to toe. Even if it were see-through, you would walk the town with your head held high and an 'I don’t care,' attitude of defiance. You will be surprised how many people will believe you. Just by seeing the look on your face.’ ‘Without panties?’ Jenny laughed, ‘Especially without panties. Just think what it will be like when you dress to kill,’ ‘Ah… without panties,' she said as a contemplative afterthought.
 
Never in her life had Jenny known loving-kindness, and she suddenly broke down. She began to sob her heart out. All the pent-up emotion of a lifetime threatened to come to the surface all at once. Miranda came up to Jenny and folded her arms around the distraught and naked woman. She had seen it all before. That is why Miranda left her profession counselling clients. She set up the coffee shop to deal with the emotional trauma of being unloved. As a psychologist, Miranda knew people starved from love denied, died. A human being cannot live without love and affection. Especially women need to have their bodies loved and admired to confirm their identity as female. Without it, no woman can survive. Instinct told Miranda that Jenny was close to her final moment. The girl was pleading, no, begging for love. Love from anyone, so long as it was genuine love, not rape. That she had come to Miranda was sheer joy for Miranda. It was her reason for opening the coffee shop. She wanted to help people on the fringe, to find love without condemnation.

Miranda had seen Jenny the previous week watching her coffee shop as she passed. There was impending death in those lovely emerald green eyes. There was just no life left in them. Here is a suicide walking thought Miranda. A quick assessment of Jenny told her enough. Jenny was another lesbian forced to live a lie. Would the time ever come when gays and lesbians are free of condemnation in society? She had seen the damage on Jenny’s skin, the scars, and bruises of a recent rape to her breasts and secret place. The old injuries were evidence of an abusive marriage to some insensitive brute. Never finding the love she so deeply craved.
 
There was only one way Miranda could help this woman, by loving her. Miranda knew the instant she saw Jenny the time before; Jenny was a lesbian in the final stages of her life unless Miranda could rescue her. Love was the only answer. Even Miranda had not anticipated how deep the trauma went in Jenny’s psyche. She needed to talk to Jenny as soon as she had some clothes to wear and back at the coffee shop. Miranda knew just the place to take Jenny. There was an upmarket boutique nearby that sold beautiful outfits and underwear. A new beginning is what Jenny needed, and this boutique was the right place to take Jenny.

When they came to the boutique, Jenny balked, ‘I can’t afford this,’ she said with utter shock in her voice, ‘I can,’ said Miranda. ‘But I cannot let you do this, said’ Jenney. ‘The choice is not yours to make, but when you walk out of here, I would like my very expensive Kimono back if you please?’ Jenny stood there and knew she had no choice. She either enters the shop and accepts what Miranda is offering her or walks home naked. There was no contest here.

27 Jenny reborn

Jenny went into the shop, followed by Miranda. ‘What have we here?’ Margaret Cusack asked, looking at Miranda. ‘A victim of abuse,’ said Miranda. ‘I have just the right thing to fix that,’ said Margaret. Margaret turned to Yolanda standing ready to help the client. 'I will look after this client personally. Yolanda, you look after other clients, this lady is special.' 

Miranda knew Margaret because Miranda shopped at Margaret’s store. ‘Some very sexy and exclusive underwear.’ said Miranda, ‘and a lovely outfit for over the top.’ ‘Is she dressed in the usual way?’ Margaret asked with a smile. ‘How did you guess?’ Miranda said. Margaret laughed. She knew when Miranda brought her special charges in fully clothed; there would be no end to the problem of getting them to undress. The only thing these women had left was a thread of dignity, take that away, and a drug overdose would solve their problems forever.

The woman was stark naked under the kimono and had no option but to accept the clothes chosen by Margaret and Miranda, and she knew it. On the advice of Miranda, Jenny had taken a shower again to wash off the old life, as Miranda had said, and she was as naked as a newborn baby. ‘New beginnings,’ Miranda had said, and she was adamant that nothing remained of Jenny’s old life. ‘Love conquers all,’ said Miranda, ‘but not on a corrupt foundation.’ Jenny started a new emotional journey. Reminding her of her past life was not welcome.

The therapy Miranda applied was to show the girl that a sullied body, sexually abused for a lifetime, needed a remake to be beautiful and whole again and the best way to do that was to adorn it with love. Beautiful clothing that expresses the body is still beautiful and desirable; Only love would start the healing process in Jenny, but that was not all. For Jenny to look desirable was not enough, Miranda had to prove it, and to that end, Miranda was going to show Jenny what true love was all about. She would wrap Jenny up in her arms to go to sleep with her after Jenny had experienced mind-blowing sex with Miranda.

The women selected sexy underwear and outer clothes with the tacit approval of Jenny. Before they departed the shop, Margaret gave Jenny a chaste kiss on her lips and wished her happiness. 

Miranda took Jenny to a luxury restaurant for tea and indulged Jenny's every wish. Jenny had just about reached the point of overload when their desserts arrived. Then Miranda said, ‘so tell me your story?’ The instant the words left her mouth, Miranda knew she had made a mistake, ‘maybe not now,’ Miranda said decisively. Miranda stood up, indicating she did not want to talk about it now. Miranda walked to the service desk to pay for their meals and waited for Jenny to catch up. They left the restaurant together.

When they arrived back at the coffee shop, Miranda said, 'let's have a drink and sit down for a bit.' While Miranda made their tea, Jenny wanted to thank Miranda for all the help and love she had received that day. The evening had come, and Jenny faced the decision of sleeping in bed with Miranda or going home. Going home was the moral, the right thing to do. If she stayed and she slept with Miranda, that would be a mortal sin. Having a fear of Hell branded on her soul all her life, Jenny decided that, as nice as Miranda was, she could not sleep with a stranger, and what was worse, the stranger was a lesbian. Jenny knew she would burn in Hell forever if she did that. Oh, and Bill, Bill would be murderous, Jenny already knew what would happen, another violent rape and physical abuse. Then she realised it was already too late. Bill would know she had not come back from the shops. Bill would call Fr. O’Brien and two of them would harass her when she come home. There was no mercy or understanding with either of them.

Miranda knew crunch time had come for Jenny. If she let Jenny go home, she will be dead a few days from now. Miranda was not going to allow that to happen if she could prevent it in any way possible. She walked up to Jenny and said, ‘time for a little drink just to relax.’ Jenny became very nervous. It was time to decide what to do, but she hoped to delay it for as long as possible. Jenny was not familiar with any alcoholic beverage. She was intrigued. ‘What will you have?’ Miranda asked, knowing full well that Jenny had no clue. 'I think a refreshing drink would do nicely.' Jenny said. Miranda agreed. It would take the edge of Jenny’s anxiety. Miranda was hopeful Jenny would speak in a relaxed atmosphere. ‘What do you suggest?’ Asked Jenny, ‘just as I thought,’ said Miranda. ‘What do you mean?’ Jenny asked. ‘Nothing,’ said Miranda, ‘I’ll fix you a gin with bitter lemon and ice. You like lemon drinks, don’t you?’ asked Miranda. ‘Never had it before,’ said Jenny. 'Good,’ replied Miranda, ‘you will love this,’ and she fixed the drink for Jenny pouring a small amount of alcohol into the glass. As they sat in companionable silence, Jenny started to talk.

28 An emotional release

‘The kids in the orphanage where I grew up are the only family I have ever known,’ she started. ‘I do not know my background except that I was a baby in a cardboard box, found in a toilet block like some discarded waste. I had a miserable cold and unloved childhood of sameness and routine. Always the same routine, and I knew it by heart. One change from the routine and the Nuns punished me with a switch that never left any bruises but was extremely painful. From the time I was a baby, an older girl looked after me. She was my guardian angel. She left when I was seven. She was nine years older than I was. After she left, there was no one to look after me. I loved her more than life. I have only known girls, and my experience with men has been nothing but pain suffering. Except for one time, there was a beautiful boy. He was clean and tasted clean when I put his cock in my mouth. He was not filthy like the dirty old priest who always forced his cock in my mouth and fucked me.

When I was seven, it was time for my first confession. A Nun took me to a little secluded room and introduced me to a rapist, paedophile priest. He started with forced oral masturbation. Years later, when I was of legal age, this became penetration. That is when he forcefully raped me, and I became pregnant with Mark. 

Things changed when I was twelve years old. I woke up one morning with my lower body covered in blood. I thought someone had stabbed me, and I screamed and screamed until one of the Nuns came to me. I showed her all the blood. I was bleeding between my legs. She told me to go and wash in cold water for punishment because I now carried Eve’s curse and that I was a dirty, sinful little girl. It was cold, but that made no difference. We orphans’, we only ever had cold water because it was too expensive to heat water for the orphan’s baths. The Nuns had hot water, but that was because they were the Nuns.

The orphanage did the laundry for the local hospital and some hotels. I had many different jobs in the laundry from the time I was a child until I left. It was in the laundry that I felt hot water. I had to be married before I washed properly with hot water.’

‘Once per month, the same priest would come to stay for a few days. He stayed in the little room where I went for my first confession. That is where he always heard the girl’s confessions. That is where I had to go to see him because the blood of Satan was on me, and he had to cleanse my soul of evil. You can guess what happened next. After that, I had to see him every month after my bleeding. I had to confess my sins, and for my penance, he forced me to fuck him with my mouth. But the blood always returned. After I had my sixteenth birthday, he forcefully raped me. That is when the blood did not return. The Nuns told me I had to leave the orphanage. There was a nice man who would be my husband and take good care of me. He was nearly thirty by then, I think, almost twice my age. Six months later, Mark was born. From the day I was married, I had to endure daily rape. The first married rape happened on the day I left the orphanage. It was nothing unusual for me by then because it was the punishment for my sinfulness I always received from the priest.’

‘What made you come into town today?’ Miranda asked. ‘On last Friday, I asked my son to take his clothes to his room after he had his shower. He forgot to take them. When I went to his room with his clothes, I saw him completely naked, sitting on the side of his bed masturbating with his mouth. To see a clean young man, do what I dream about with a woman was too much. I stood there, rooted to the floor, and I watched him bring up his feelings. I hungered for a woman to do that with me. That same day my son received a Valentine Day card from a nice girl. Two days later, on Sunday, she gave him her very expensive, gorgeous lace panties, they smelled of sex.’ ‘What happened?’ asked Miranda. ‘I could not take it anymore. I broke down and cried until I had no more tears. I can’t live empty like this anymore. I wanted what my son had. I wanted someone to give me Valentine Day gift of lace panties that smelled of sex. I wanted female sex. I wanted a woman to kiss my cunny. I want a lover. I saw you last week. I could not stop thinking about you. I wanted to make love with you.’ By now, Jenny had broken down. She was crying with deep, wracking sobs.

Miranda went over to Jenny and held her in her arms until she quietened down. ‘You must think me very evil, said Jenny between sobs, to want such a sinful, evil thing, but I just wanted to be loved, just once before I kill myself. I just wanted to feel loved just once and for just once, not to endure the routinely daily raped. If I found someone who would love me once, I would then kill myself. Because I can never be forgiven for the evil I have done in my life.’ Again, Jenny bursts into tears. Miranda was on the point of breaking down in a flood of tears as she saw the beautiful distraught woman break down in guilt. She went to Jenny, folded her in her arms. Miranda hugged Jenny and softly kissed her on the mouth. 'Come to bed with me, my sweet Jenny, and I will make love to you and make you whole.’ ‘No, you can’t make me whole.’ Said Jenny. ‘See I am now making you sin, and both of us will be condemned to the fires of Hell' ‘I already belong in Hell, said Miranda because I love to have sex with you too and I am not going to let you go without having sex with me.’ ‘Do you mean that?’ Jenny said. ‘Yes, absolutely, come to bed with me now and let me love you.’ Jenny could see no alternative.




29 Decision time

When Miranda got up to get ready for bed, Jenny stood up too, but she was uncertain what she should do. Miranda held out her hand. Hesitantly Jenny put her hand in Miranda’s hand and followed her to the bedroom. Once there, Miranda started to undress Jenny once more. She did it slowly and deliberately. When Jenny wanted to stop Miranda, she gently pushed Jenny's hands away and said, ‘let me do that.’ Once Jenny was in her brand-new pastel green lace undies, Miranda stood still and looked at Jenny. ‘You are so beautiful you do not know how gorgeous you are. You have a lovely trim figure. Look at your breasts; they are firm and just big enough to hold in my hand and not spill over. Your hair is long right down to your bottom like an angel, rich and curly, liquid gold. The gold curls at your cunny are honey to match the liquid of your sex. You are so beautiful,’ said Miranda. Jenny blushed, ‘you think so?' She asked?’ ‘I know so,’ said Miranda. Ever so gently and with loving care, Miranda slowly removed Jenny’s bra, hugging, and kissing her small breasts. Then she slipped Jenny’s lace panties down while at the same time kneeling on the ground and burying her face into the rich gold of her cunny curls. Miranda then hooked her hands behind Jenny, and with a firm grip on her bottom, she pulled Jenny into her mouth to caress her cunny. Miranda slipped her tongue ever so softly over the golden lips of Jenny’s womanhood. Jenny grabbed hold of Miranda's hair. She arched her back and bent her knees, slightly opening them outward to present her cunny for loving and the kisses.

Miranda kissed the bruised and abused sacred place of Jenny’s womanhood. Jenny absorbed the loving into her soul, the kind of love she had dreamed about but never received. It was the first time in her life that Jenny had her cunny loved. It was a moment of surrender into the beautiful unknown of lesbian love that Jenny had craved all her life. Jenny thought it would never happen to her. Jenny shook and trembled as Miranda loved, kissed, and hugged her cunny until her legs gave away in her orgasm, and Jenny collapsed into Miranda’s arms. Jenny felt the woman embrace her with infinite love. Miranda cradled Jenny on the floor and hugged her like a deeply hurt child that needed loving hugs and kisses to make her whole.

Miranda’s heart was overflowing with love for this strange woman who had come to her in despair before she would end her life of misery and vile abuse. Miranda had seen the bruises and the scars on the girl’s cunny and inner thighs. She saw the recent wounds. Wounds inflicted by a vile rapist who enjoyed the power he had over this woman. She had known the moment Jenny had walked into her coffee shop that this was what she would find. Jenny was death walking.

When Jenny had recovered enough for Miranda to move her, Miranda lifted Jenny off the floor and laid her on the bed. She hugged the naked girl and kissed her ever so gently on her lips, holding her face between her hands and caressing her while all the time, she whispering words of love over soft skin that had known only pain and never a moment of loving affection. Miranda ran her fingers through the golden tresses that adorned the girls’ body and hung like a curtain over her small damaged breasts. Miranda had the greatest struggle to keep her emotions under check to see such a lovely girl so abused and degraded.

Miranda worked her magic on Jenny, ever so slowly calming her with her soothing words and gentle hands caressing all over her damaged skin. Slowly and with infinite care, Miranda worked her way to the girl’s cunny and, with the devotion of a lover, began the healing process on the very essence that made Jenny a woman. Gentle hugs and kisses on her cunny lips and a soft touching of her tongue into the sacred tabernacle of her womanhood to caress the little pearl, the centre of the girls’ desire and emotion. Jenny lay there, trembling and crying, great sobs of pent-up emotion, her hands fluttering about Mirandas’ face and fingering her hair. Combing Miranda's hair through her fingers repeatedly, then stroking Miranda's face and trying to put her finger in Miranda's mouth. Miranda kissed and kissed. Miranda kissed Jenny's cunny, her fingers, whatever was before her. Miranda loved the girl as she had never loved anyone before. When Miranda thought the woman had reached her limit with love, she lifted herself from her kneeling position beside the bed and removed her clothes. Miranda covered Jenny with a silk sheet and wool blanket then moved in beside her. Miranda cradled Jenny in her arms, where she fell asleep like a baby in her mother’s embrace.

Miranda was still in her panties and bra when Jenny moved out of bed to relieve herself in the toilet. When she came back into bed, she saw Miranda in her small clothes. Jenny was surprised to see how beautiful Miranda’s small clothes were. Miranda had a natural suntan and wore yellow lace undies. ‘Do you always dress like that?’ Jenny asked. ‘Yes,’ said Miranda. ‘A beautiful body deserves beautiful clothing, nothing but the very best, and I deserve to be loved, and my body deserves to be appreciated, and what better way to do that than to make it beautiful with beautiful clothes.’ ‘You do look beautiful,’ said Jenny. ‘I love your breasts. Can I touch them?’ ‘I want you to touch my breasts,’ said Miranda. I want you to make love to me the way you have always dreamed of making love to a girl.’

‘Can I kiss you?’ asked Jenny. Miranda was slightly taller than Jenny. She leaned into Jenny and closed her eyes, allowing Jenny to take the initiative with the kiss. Jenny was awkward. She had never kissed a woman intimately. Miranda was aware that Jenny was a novice at making love. She gently coached Jenny along, and then suddenly, Jenny lost all control and began to ravish Miranda. Being aware of what was happening, Miranda allowed Jenny the freedom to express a lifetime of repressed emotions and frustration. She accepted the gift of Jenny’s innocence with tears in her eyes. At least Jenny was safe for tonight, she thought.

30 Uncertain questions

Sometime during the night, both Jenny and Miranda were awake. Miranda asked Jenny if she would like a drink of tea. Jenny gratefully accepted. Miranda made the tea while Jenny sat on the bed, watching her move around the room in her smalls. When Miranda brought Jenny her tea, Jenny had moved to the lounge in Mirandas’ bedroom, and after Miranda had given Jenny her drink, Jenny felt a little self-conscious of her nudity. She wanted to return to the bed. Sitting naked on the lounge, Jenny felt bereft of Miranda's closeness, to feel her loving embrace.

Jenny wanted Miranda to come back to bed with her. Jenny took Miranda’s hand and pulled her towards the bed. ‘Could you please lay down with me?’ Jenny asked. ‘No, said Miranda, if you want me to lie down, you will have to make me.’ Jenny immediately let go of her hand and stood with a puzzled look on her face, silently quizzing Miranda. Then Miranda said, ‘make me Jenny.’ Not knowing what else to do, Jenny pushed Miranda backward to fall onto the bed. To help Jenny, Miranda grabbed Jenny as she fell backward, and Jenny fell on top of Miranda. ‘Now you have me at your mercy, what would you like to do with me?’ ‘Can I?’ Jenny started to say. Miranda interrupted her, ‘no, you cannot.’ Jenny is uncertain, she waits, but Miranda stays lying on the bed with a naked Jenny on top of her. ‘What are you going to do?’ Miranda asked again. Jenny understood Miranda was trying to teach her something, she thought to ask, but Miranda told her she could not ask. Jenny had to act. Jenny was still lying on top of Miranda, she attempted to get up, but Miranda had stopped her every time by keeping her arms around Jenny’s middle. Jenny just gave up struggling and looked into Miranda’s rich dark brown eyes smiling at her.

Jenny got the silent message and spontaneously began to work her magic on Miranda. First, she kissed her on the lips and then all over her face, then she shifted Miranda’s bra out of the way, kissed her breasts, and then suckled her peaked nipples. She rolled her tongue around the nipple and then went to the second nipple and breast. Jenny luxuriated in the unexpected freedom given her to explore the extraordinary woman who was transforming her life. Jenny discovered freedom for the first time in her life. The freedom to love and receive love in return. The joy that flooded her whole being was a celebration of love, as she had never felt before. For the first time in her life, Jenny felt happy and free. Jenny hoped there were more firsts to follow.

'Jenny,' Miranda said, ‘there are times you have to exert yourself and be dominant.’ ‘I have never been allowed to do that,’ said Jenny. ‘That is why I am teaching you to take control of your own life. That is why I did not want you to ask. You already had me willing. It is then up to you to do what a lover would do to the person she loves.’ ‘But I don’t know any of that stuff.’ Jenny protested. ‘Yes, you do,’ said Miranda, ‘because you have just done it to me.’ ‘I loved the way you make love to me; it is beautiful.’ Jenny blushed. 

Taking the initiative as Miranda had told her, she put her hands behind Miranda, and as she was undoing the bra at her back, she kissed Miranda on the lips. When she could pull the bra from Miranda, Jenny freed Miranda’s breasts and did everything she had always wanted to do, make love to a woman. Jenny hugged and kissed Mirandas’ breasts, caressed them, and kissed them again, and again, automatically gravitating lower over Miranda’s body. When she came to Mirandas' panties, she stopped.

Miranda knew Jenny had reached the limits of her daring. She rose from the bed and took Jenny in her arms. She hugged Jenny a few moments, led her to the side of the bed, and told her to get under the covers. ‘I have nothing on,’ said Jenny. ‘Nor will you,’ said Miranda. ‘From today onwards, you will sleep in the nude until I say you can put your nighty and panties back on.’ The comment confused Jenny ‘Have I seen you without your clothes?’ asked Miranda? ‘Yes,’ said Jenny. ‘So, what is different?’ asked Miranda. ‘Sleeping in the nude with a woman,’ ‘It is what we did before when you made love to me. ‘That was different.’ ‘How so?’ asked Miranda. ‘I have never done it before.’ ‘You have never kissed a woman before either,’ said Miranda. ‘Remember. Your old life is over, and a new life has begun. This is another step in making you whole, Jenny,’

Feeling very self-conscious, Jenny got in the bed. Miranda walked around to the other side of the bed and got in. Jenny was lying stiffly on her back in the bed. She had a feeling that something was about to happen. Miranda turned to Jenny and gently touched her face, studied her. Looking at Jenny, she saw her slowly relax when nothing else happened. Then Miranda turned Jenny over and drew her into a spooning position. Miranda wrapped her arms around Jenny. She cupped her breasts. She told her in a whisper, ‘go to sleep, my darling.’ Miranda kissed her ever so gently on her hair that cascaded in a golden waterfall over her pillow. ‘Sleep in peace, my darling,’ She hugged Jenny into herself to go to sleep. Miranda would watch over Jenny tonight. She would not let her out from her sight for a moment. Even if Jenny got up to go to the toilet again, Miranda would be there with her. This was the most difficult time for Jenny when death would find her.

31 Truth V lies

Miranda lay awake, thinking about the emotional damage and the physical harm done to Jenny through ignorance, dominance, and the power of persuasion. She hated the hypocrisy of religious frauds and their sin-ridden beliefs. How many girls had she personally rescued from death? Suicide was the most common form of dealing with rejection and deprivation of love.

Jenny's husband justified constant rape, physical abuse and rejection as his God given right in marriage to control his wife, Jenny. Jenny believed from childhood; she was not worthy of love. She was a worthless sinner because a corrupt paedophile priest said she was, with the tacit approval of the Nuns who allowed it to happen. They had beautiful, innocent Jenny believe the lies were true. Miranda felt deep empathy for Jenny. She had almost died from an overdose of drugs for the same reason, told she was a sinner and never good enough for the Christian God. Miranda thought she had to repent of her fictional sins every time she went to church. No matter how hard she tried to live a good life, they said she was a sinner. One day she asked the priest, 'what sins?'

The banal answer she received was, ‘do you think you are perfect?’ 'No,' she said, 'I do not think I am perfect; I am human. I am not the sinner you say I am.'  The more Miranda thought about it, the more she became convinced that a person could never earn the rewards of a religious heaven. Life was evolution and diversity. She thought. Life could never be perfect because it was not supposed to be perfect. Perfection is static, unmoving, sterile, frozen in place. Imperfection is mobile, dynamic, forever changing, modifying, alive and loving, giving, and taking, all the good things in life, forever renewing. Life was trial and error, not because of sinfulness, but because it evolved and diversified. Man created laws to make people comply with a social ideology. Religion invented sin and used it to demean and condemn people. Christian churches in particular hammer sinfulness to appoint where people fear God rather than celebrate the goodness of the life of God in them. God created evolution and diversity. Therefore, it is impossible to sin against God. Sin against God does not exist. However, evil in the minds of men does exist. It is intrinsic to diversity. One cannot exist without the other. Miranda believed evil people used and abused her beautiful, autistic Jenny in their care to serve their corrupt and evil desires. Corruption takes delight in destroying something intrinsically beautiful. This angelic woman, Miranda thought, was too beautiful to remain untouched by evil. Evil will always destroy beauty to take the focus of corruption.

From childhood, a paedophile priest indoctrinated Jenny with his corrupt religion, and made Jenny believe it. Repeated often enough, Jenny believed the accusation that she was evil until it became an enforced pattern of self-rejection. Rejection was the cause why so many people plunged into a deep depression and committed suicide. They believed they were never good enough. No God, Miranda thought, the Nuns, husband, and priest are not going to win tonight. My lovely, beautiful Jenny is going to live and be happy.


Miranda was over fifty years old. She had never found the love of her life, but she had loved many women and girls the way she loved Jenny now. Restoring the belief in them to live again and be whole. Miranda had eventually given up searching for the one true love. Miranda found her vocation rescuing these souls deprived of love because of some fictitious belief instilled in them. They needed the affirmation they are loveable. 

To change Jenny's core religious belief is almost impossible, Miranda thought. Core beliefs define the values by which people live. Miranda knew that the personal belief in evil was deeply rooted in Jenny. It would take very careful coaching to make Jenny see people lied to her throughout her life. Tonight, she had won, but there were still dangerous pitfalls ahead. Jenny needed careful watching and lots of love before she found a wholesome foundation on which to build a new life for herself.

Miranda could only love one woman at a time, but that was one more woman saved from the clutches of Hell. Miranda felt an overwhelming love for Jenny. In a few short hours, Miranda had found the love of her life, her soul mate. Miranda would teach Jenny lesbian love, which Jenny had never dreamt of and would never forget. Miranda hugged Jenny close, giving a little squeeze to the girl’s breast, ‘I love you, my darling,’ she whispered, ‘I love you with all my heart,’ and closed her eyes to sleep.

For the very first time in her life, Jenny felt loved. She woke up lying on her back, wrapped in the arms of a woman whose large bare breasts were partially covering her arm and chest. A shiver of passion went through her. The very thought that a nude woman was in bed with her had tears pool in her eyes. The woman had wrapped her arms around her and pressed tight against her. Today, Jenny did not have to put up with her husband’s morning rape. Jenny sensed Miranda was looking at her. She turned her face to Miranda and saw those beautiful liquid brown eyes calmly observing her.

‘Good morning, my darling Jenny,’ said Miranda. ‘Oh, how Jenny loved that musical, lilting accent of Miranda's voice. It was like a kiss that embraced her senses. ‘How can you say you darling?’ Jenny asked, wondering at the endearment. It was the first time in her life someone told her she was their darling. ‘That is easy, replied Miranda, ‘you are my darling because I love you. I just do.’ ‘But you do not know me. You do not know how sinful I am, so how can you say I am your darling and you love me?’ Jenny persisted. ‘I do not need to know you to love you said, Miranda. ‘Why not?’ Jenny asked. ‘We can decide who we are going to love.’ ‘It does not depend on knowing you or even thinking if you are nice. Love is a decision we make. It is a choice of how we view the people we meet.’ ‘You mean that you love me even if I am a very bad person?’ ‘Yes,’ said Miranda, ‘I do.’ ‘But God does not love a bad person, does he?’ ‘That is what some people want you to believe. I do not subscribe to a judgemental God. I know love is a decision we make. We chose who we love.’ ‘What does that mean?’ Jenny asked. ‘It works like this; Humans are spirit beings. We have the freedom of choice.’ ‘That is not true, God gave us the Ten Commandments,’ objected Jenny. ‘Let me prove it to you,’ said Miranda.’ In your mind can you think of things that other people do not know?’ asked Miranda. ‘But God knows, and he punishes us for what we think,’ said Jenny. ‘Have you ever thought or did bad things for which you were not punished?’ ‘All the time,’ said Jenny. ‘When were you punished for thinking bad things?’ asked Miranda. ‘I was only punished when I told the priest or the Nuns about my thoughts.’ 'Were you ever punished if you did not tell them?’ Miranda persisted. ‘No.' If they didn't know, they did not punish me. When I grew up, I no longer told the priest what I was thinking. When I made love to a beautiful boy and did not tell the Nuns, they did not punish me. But the priest raped me no matter what I said. He did it just in case I had forgotten some sin I had committed and didn’t tell.’ Jenny said. ‘So, what does that tell you about the freedom of God?’ asked Miranda. ‘That it is not God that punishes me but the priest,’ said Jenny, suddenly, understanding. ‘It was not God who was angry with me; it was the Nuns and the priest!’ ‘Oh, my honey sweetheart,’ whispered Miranda, ‘how much I love you,’ and she kissed Jenny tenderly on her lips. Miranda thought the light had come into her soul. Jenny went back to sleep, wrapped in Miranda’s arms.

32 Reality strikes

Jenny woke up, still wrapped in the woman’s arms. Everything had been a first for Jenny. Jenny thought, how things had changed since yesterday. The fact was she did not want to remember the old life she had lived up to yesterday morning. She wondered, was it only yesterday that her life changed so dramatically? Jenny could not believe this strange, beautiful woman had her arms wrapped around her like a lover. Becoming suspicious, Jenny wanted to know why the woman was doing everything for her and asked nothing in return. ‘What is it you want from me?’ Jenny asked, 'Nothing in my world comes for free! There is always payment, usually with painful sex.' Miranda was shocked. She had not expected this response from Jenny. Jenny became nervous about the naked foreign woman who had her arms around her. ’What do you want from me?’ she asked Miranda again. ‘Nothing,’ said Miranda. ‘Not in my world,’ said Jenny. ‘You want sex, don’t you?’ She suddenly thought. ‘Would you like sex’ asked Miranda? ‘No, not from you in exchange for what you do for me,’ said Jenny. ‘Then darling, we will not have sex, simple as that,’ said Miranda. ‘But you still want something?’ Said Jenny, otherwise why would you do all this for me?’ ‘Because I love you with all my heart.’ Jenny was becoming more nervous, wondering what lay beyond the horizon. Why she thought, why does this woman say she loves me? I don't buy it. No one has ever loved me! She became more frightened as the minutes passed. She was going to get out of this house of iniquity as soon as she could. She would not wear the clothes the woman had given her. She would go home, back to what she knew and could expect. At least there were no secrets there. It was lovely to have this woman be nice to her, but she was not going to fall into that trap. Jenny looked Miranda in the eye, ‘there is no such thing as a free lunch,’ she told Miranda and turned away from her. Jenny tried to wriggle away from Miranda to distance herself from this nude woman beside her. The unfamiliar experience and what it was going to cost her in pain and suffering scared Jenny. She thought she would be better off dead than to change everything she knew. At least she knew that Fr O’Brien was a lecherous old paedophile, she could handle him now, but this new situation stank to high heaven. It was all new and strange and too great a risk to continue.

‘Have to pee,’ she told Miranda. Jenny slid from under the woman’s embrace and over the side of the bed. Reluctantly Miranda let her go. Jenny knew where the bathroom was and escaped there to think things through. Jenny had a shower and put on the underwear given to her. She decided to send them back when she got home. There was something not right about this whole situation. Nobody does things for nothing. She had heard men enticed girls into places like this, women made them feel wanted and then they were gone overseas into slavery. Never seen again. No, rotten Fr. O’Brien was right; there was no redemption for a sinner like her. Jenny went back to the bedroom and discovered that Miranda was no longer there. Maybe getting her accomplices, she thought. Then she heard Miranda in the shop speaking to her staff. That is what it sounded like to Jenny. Jenny dressed quickly in her old clothes, leaving all the new clothes on the bed. The only thing she wanted to keep was the small clothes. She wanted to remember that, for a few short hours, someone loved her. Made her happy. She left the premises through the back door and worked her way around to the front of the street. She caught a bus home.

When Jenny walked into the fruit shop, she saw the Police had come to her home in response to a missing person’s report filed by her husband that morning. They soon resolved the matter of her return. The Police left. Mark was no longer living with her. The only person who remained at her home was her husband; he had called rotten Fr O’Brien and informed him of her disappearance. What is he doing here? She thought. It did not take long for the penny to drop. The moment she walked in to the shop Fr. O’Brian abused her for causing so much trouble. For staying away overnight and not letting anyone know where she was or had been. For a few short hours, they had lost control over her which in their eyes was untenable. The few hours of freedom she had was going to cost her dearly. She thought, what right did he have to interfere in her life? She was an adult and not his responsibility. When Fr. O’Brian left, her husband got stuck into her. He dragged her into the kitchen, bent her over the table, tore her mini dress apart at the back seem right up to her waist. He noticed the delicate lace panties she was wearing. He tore the panties off her ass and down to her thighs to rape her. He went into a blind rage; he asked her, ‘what the fuck have you been up to?’ He screamed at her,’ had she been with some other fuck? What was she doing wearing this lacy stuff?’

Keeping his big hand in the middle of her back, he forced her face down on the kitchen table. With all the violence he could muster, he ripped onto her dry cleft; when he finished, he left her bleeding and torn apart. Jenny took the violence without making a sound. She was no longer aware of her surroundings. She no longer lived in the reality of time. This violent, insensitive abuse of her body was the last straw for Jenny. When her husband had finally finished raping and abusing her, she was in a daze, not aware of what she was doing. She left the house, walked butt naked, and bleeding onto the highway overpass. Then she threw herself over the railing, just as a big truck came rumbling past.

The driver of the truck needed sedation. He kept on saying, ‘I didn’t see her. She came out of nowhere.’ Miranda heard the news broadcast describing the unknown woman's suicide on the radio that afternoon. Miranda was inconsolable with grief. What had she missed? What had gone so badly wrong? The Police said there was no foul play. The only puzzling thing was a cryptic message left on her dressing table, a scrap of paper in which she wrote her reason for suicide. Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.

33 Trauma

Police investigating the accident found a woman with her mini dress ripped apart at the back seem right up to the waist, and torn lace panties around her upper thighs. It was obvious from what the truck driver told the Police; this was no accident. A quick examination by the Police medical examiner confirmed the woman had endured cruel and violent rape before she killed herself.

Mark heard about the accident on the afternoon news but paid little attention. He continued working on the contract where he was working. When he came home from work, there was a phone call for him from the Police to come to the Police station. Mystified, Mark went to the Police station where they gave him the name of the victim. They asked him if he knew who she was. When Mark heard it was his mother, he was deeply shocked and pain ripped through him. He acknowledged to the police he knew the woman and told them it was his mother. The Police asked Mark to identify the victim. When he saw his mother in the morgue and the injuries she had sustained, tears sprung into his eyes. He was barely able to keep his emotions under control. He asked the Police for the circumstances of her death. The Police said the rapist beat his mother as he raped her before she killed herself. 

Mark instantly knew the perpetrator of the crime on his mother. ‘It was my stepdad who did this,’ he said. Following his comment in the morgue, the Police took Mark to the interview room and asked him many questions about his home life. They asked if he had any idea what would cause his mother to commit suicide. Mark told the Police about the volatile relationship between his parents. He said how he had often seen the bruises on his mother’s face, arms, and legs. When the police formally asked him, who would cause his mother such harm, Mark had no hesitation in telling the Police his stepdad consistently hit and brutalised his mother. When they told Mark about the injuries and suspected rape, Mark again had no hesitation in laying the blame right at his stepdad’s feet.

Mark told the Police he had witnessed one occasion of rape when he was a child. He did not know what his father was doing to his mother when he saw his mother half naked, bent over the kitchen table and his stepdad holding her down. When his stepdad saw Mark watching, he said he was punishing his mother for the evil of Satan that was in her because she carried the curse of Eve, whatever that was. Following the interview, the Police went to his parent’s house and took Marks' stepdad in for questioning. The police arrested Mark's stepdad, charging him with rape and causing actual bodily harm.

When Mark arrived back at his flat, Yolanda was waiting for him. She, too, had heard the news on the radio. In conversation with Margaret, her employer, she knew it was Mark’s mother who had died. When Miranda came into the shop with the beautiful woman, for special treatment from Margaret and Miranda, Yolanda had overheard the name and knew she saw Mark’s mother for the very first time. The small and delicate, extraordinarily beautiful woman with green eyes and long gold curls down to the waist had intrigued her. Yolanda was shocked when she heard the news of her accidental death. She knew Mark would be deeply upset when he heard what had happened to his mother. Only a few days ago, Mark had sat in front of her home after a confrontation with his mother. It was long after midnight. The argument Mark had with his mother distressed him deeply.

Mark took Yolanda by the hand after opening the door to his flat. He led her inside, where, without speaking any words, she put her arms around his neck, and they embraced for a long moment. Yolanda waited for Mark to break his silence and speak to her. But Mark walked away from her to his room deep in thought. When Yolanda made his evening meal, Mark confided to Yolanda what the Police had told him. He told her about the violence in his home from the time he was a little boy. How he had witnessed his stepdad rape his mother over the kitchen table. Mark had watched his stepdad beat his mother repeatedly. At the time, he did not understand what was happening. He had asked his stepdad what he was doing to his mother. His stepdad said he was punishing her and teaching her a lesson for the evil that possessed her. It was many years later that Mark understood what had happened. The knowledge deeply disturbed him, knowing he watched it happing. That it was still going on, and he had been powerless to stop it.

Yolanda remained silent throughout the halting dialogue of Marks' narrative. The event traumatised him. It did not take Yolanda long to make the connection between the raging anger with which the woman had attacked Yolanda’s panties and the love denied to her all her life. Yolanda understood the jealous anger that drove her to act extremely angry when she knew Mark had received the kind of love and intimacy that was hers by right but denied to her. Yolanda felt deep sympathy and sorrow for the woman at the circumstances to lead to her death.

Yolanda followed Mark to the bedroom. She lay beside him on top of the bed. It was where he had gone after their late meal. Yolanda snuggled up to Mark and lay with her head on his shoulder. She listened to his heartbeat as he fell asleep in her arms.

Hours later, Yolanda woke up with a cramp in her neck and noticed that Mark had also woken up. Yolanda got off the bed. She removed her outer clothes and bra, only dressed in her panties she crawled into bed. Mark did the same. He left his jocks on before he lay down beside her under the covers. Mark told Yolanda to turn her back to him. He pulled Yolanda against his bare chest and wrapped his arms around her, cuddling her soft bare breast in his hand. They went back to sleep in each other's embrace.

When Mark woke up, Yolanda was no longer lying beside him. He could smell coffee brewing and knew she was making him his breakfast. Mark got up, went to the shower, and saw that Yolanda had beaten him to it. She must have gotten up earlier, had a shower, and dressed in the clothes she had worn the day before. Once Mark was ready, he went into the living area, an extension of the kitchen, and sat at the breakfast bar. He watched Yolanda prepare their breakfast of bacon and eggs on toast with a large cup of brewed coffee for him and a small coffee for her. After they had eaten, they both went to work. Neither had spoken about sleeping together, but both were very conscious of the fact that their closeness in semi-nudity had not evoked them to have sex. Before she went to work, Yolanda asked Mark to let her know when the funeral would take place. She wanted to be there to support him.

34 Consequences

Miranda got into contact with Police to assist with inquiries and told the Police Jenny’s story. When the Police interviewed Mark’s stepdad, he admitted to most of what Miranda and Mark had told the Police. Marks' stepdad told the Police that the Nuns did not tell him who the father of the was that Jenny carried. But the Nuns gave him a large sum of hush money from the bishop to persuade him to marry Jenny. He had used the money to buy the fruit shop. The girl had gotten herself pregnant, and the Nuns wanted to prevent the scandal of the girl’s immorality known in the wider community. Marks' stepdad told the Police that he had the legal right to make his wife have sex with him as Jenny's husband. He had to force her to have intercourse with him from the day they were married. He said this was a normal occurrence because she always refused to do her marital duties voluntarily. The Police arrested him for repeated rape and causing actual bodily harm.

Because Fr O’Brien knew the woman, the police interviewed the priest. Fr. O’Brien told them that the woman had been the devils' spawn from the time she entered the orphanage and into her marriage. The Police questioned him further about when he knew Jenny in the orphanage and began to suspect him of perpetrating sexual crimes on Jenny, but they could not prove anything. They received information from Miranda about the childhood of Jenny in the orphanage run by the Nuns. The Nuns told the police; Jenny never left the orphanage during her stay there. Fr. O’Brien was the only male ever to enter the orphanage. No other male ever came near the girls; therefore, the suspicion fell on Fr. O’Brien that he may be a paedophile and Mark was the priest's son. The priests' crime and the girl’s pregnancy were undisclosed by the Church in forcing the Jenny to marry Mark’s stepdad.

Detectives went to the orphanage and looked at the room where Fr. O’Brien stayed when he was at the orphanage to hear confessions. When they saw the layout of the room and the facilities available to the priest, it confirmed what the Nuns told them, the priest saw the children in that room alone and unsupervised. There was little doubt that he was the perpetrator of heinous crimes against young children and that the church covered up these crimes. It became known that Jenny had not been the only child molested by the priest. The police were unable to prove anything against the priest because of the lack of co-operation from the Church and Nuns.

When the Police interviewed Fr. O’Brien a second time, Fr. O’Brien told them that Jenny was grossly immoral, preferring female sex over proper male sex. The Police asked Fr O’Brien about the cryptic message Jenny left behind. Fr O’Brien said it was proof of the woman’s immorality. Her sense of guilt was confirmation of her lewd, bestial behaviour.

Mark contacted Fr O’Brien to arrange the funeral for his mother. But Fr. O’Brien was adamant that Mark’s mother had committed suicide, and he will not under any circumstances sanction a Catholic burial in hallowed ground. By Church Law, he tells Mark, ‘Suicide victims are beyond redemption and condemned to hell, therefore excluded from receiving a Christian burial.’

Jenny’s funeral notice was among the death notices in the local paper. Mark will bury his mother in the general cemetery. Jenny’s body arrives at the cemetery in a splendid coffin anonymously donated by Miranda and lowered into the ground in the presence of three mourners. A young man and woman and an older female mourner in black with a black vial covering her face. Jenny’s husband was in Police custody, so he could not attend the funeral. The young couple do not know who the woman is. As the coffin slowly descends into the hole in the ground, the woman has an emotional breakdown at the graveside. She refuses the assistance of the young man who tried to steady her. As the young couple left the cemetery, the last thing they heard the woman say in a foreign accent, ‘I will avenge you my sweetheart darling,’ ‘I will avenge you, even if it is the last thing I will ever do, I WILL AVENGE YOU!’ She screamed.

The pain in her chest was excruciating. This feeling must be what a heart attack feels like, she thought, and in a way, she had. She had never known such intense pain could exist that the loss of Jenny caused her. What had gone so wrong? Why did she kill herself? Miranda was determined to find the underlying cause of the whole fiasco. She wanted to make certain that justice happened on behalf of Jenny. She would put her considerable fortune at stake to discover the truth behind Jenny’s death. The worst part of all, Miranda found her soul mate in Jenny. She only knew Jenny for a few short hours. It was as if she had known her forever.

Miranda came home from the funeral and felt lost. She could not work in the coffee shop and be nice to people. She had to talk to someone, but who would give her time to unburden her tortured soul? Margaret came to mind. Would Margaret be willing to see her? She lifted the phone and dialled the number. Margaret answered the phone. Miranda could not speak. She was too overwrought. She did not know what to say. Miranda remained silent. When she heard Margaret ask, 'Is that you, Miranda? Please come over?’ That is all Miranda needed to get into her car and drive the short distance to the Boutique. 

When Miranda walked into the Boutique, and Margaret saw Miranda, it shocked her to see the haunted look in Miranda's eyes. She walked up to Miranda and said, ‘terrible business that. I assume it was the girl who was with you the other day?’ ‘Yes,’ said Miranda. ‘How devastating that must be,’ said Margaret. ‘Yes,’ said Miranda. The monolog should have alerted Margaret, but she did not sense it. ‘Would you like a drink?’ Margaret asked, ‘Please?’ Miranda said with a dead voice. It was then that Margaret became aware that there was something wrong with Miranda and asked her to come through to her private domain. 

Miranda’s normally glittering eyes were dead. Her skin was pale, and the normal vibrancy was no longer there. ‘What happened?’ Margret asked. ‘I lost my soul mate,’ said Miranda, and burst into tears with great sobs and heaves. Then with venom, she burst out, ‘but I will find who is responsible. I loved her,’ Miranda said with bitterness. ‘Yes, I know,’ responded Margaret. ‘No, you do not know,’ said Miranda viciously, ‘no one knows, I loved her,’ repeated Miranda, with bitter anger in her voice, ‘you don’t know, I LOVED HER…’ She screamed at Margaret. Margaret looked shocked at Miranda, ‘I loved her as I have never loved anyone before. She was my soul mate.’ Miranda repeated and looked at Margaret with a haunted look in her eyes. Margaret had never seen Miranda this angry and stressed before. ‘How long had you known her?’ Margaret asked. ‘Eighteen hours.’ Miranda said, still looking at her, then Margaret understood. Margaret couldn’t say anything in response. Then Miranda told Margaret the tragedy of Jenny’s life.

The Police charged Mark’s father with rape and causing actual bodily harm. The court convicted Fr. O’Brien on a charge of rape and causing actual bodily harm. He received a twelve months prison sentence. Because he was a priest, the court made the bishop responsible for the behaviour of Fr, O’Brian. Fr. O’Brien returned to his church, to continue with his private life as he had always done. Miranda has put her wealth towards a private detective to investigate the priest Fr. O’Brien. When she had the evidence, Miranda laid charges against the priest, and the court heard the case against Fr O’Brien. The bishop gave a glowing report about the good work of Fr. O’Brien, but the court found the priest guilty of statutory rape of a minor. The court sentenced the priest to twelve months on a good behaviour bond and again released him into the custody of the bishop. As happened the last time, Fr. O’Brien returned to his former parish and life for Fr. O’Brien resumed without interruption, the same as it had always been. His victims had no recourse for the sexual abuse they suffered.

35 Red roses

Yolanda returned to work after the funeral. When she came home from work, she went into her room until it was time to sleep. In the morning, she got up, washed her face, and brushed her teeth. After she had dried her face, she went back to her room to dress. Yolanda walked into the kitchen to make her breakfast. There, on the kitchen table, was a glorious bunch of red roses. ‘For you,’ says stepdad. ‘How did they get here?’ ‘A delivery guy brought them yesterday.’ How do you know they are for me?’ She asked?’ ‘There is a card, it says, Thanks with Love, on the front of the card, that is all it said, except for these funny drawings, and that ain't for me. I don’t give Laura flowers, too expensive. A funny card that card, can’t understand it.’ ‘Not meant for you,’ she says. She opens the card. There are no words. Yolanda sees only two drawings, one horizontal elongated oval with a horizontal line through the middle and a cross at the centre. Beneath it is a vertically elongated oval with a vertical line through the middle. There is a cross in the centre. Yolanda instantly understands. She has tears in her eyes and mentally thanks Mark for his thoughtful gift. With infinite loving care, Yolanda embraces the flowers with the utmost reverence and silently leaves the room.

After Yolanda closed the door to her room, she heard her stepdad yell at her stepmother, ‘She is old enough now, and she has control over her life. She can do anything she wants with the money, and there is nothing we can do about it. I did not adopt Yolanda, I fostered her. I know nothing about her. I want some details.’ Yolanda stands frozen to the floor and very softly opens her bedroom door to listen. ‘Whose get, is she?’ He demands. ‘And don’t you be fucking lie to me!’ Laura knows the game is up.

‘Yolanda is the daughter of a Polynesian girl. Her father is an Englishman,' she said. ‘How come you got her?’ He asked. ‘I was paid to be the Nanny for them. The mother was dying with cancer.’ ‘So, what happened to the Englishman?’ ‘He was a pilot killed in a plane crash during the war, sometime after Yolanda was born. I obtained legal rights over her as her foster mother because she is an orphan with no living relatives. I kept her out of the orphanage.’ ‘For rewards no doubt?’ He said, ‘I know she has money, so where does that leave me?’ 

‘Yolanda has a very large bank account. She is filthy rich. She knows nothing about her birth parents. I kept it all from her because I thought her money would set us up nicely for the rest of our lives.’ ‘How big is her bank account?' He asks? ‘Millions,’ she replied. ‘So, you played me for a sucker?’ ‘No, you needed money to get out of your gambling debt, and I needed a husband for legal reasons to foster her. We suited each other.’ She replied. ‘Who is she?’ He pointed to the hallway where Yolanda had disappeared. ‘What’s her real name then? What’s on her birth certificate?’ ‘Her mother named her Yolanda Anne. Grace is her family name.’ ‘Show it to me?’ ‘Alright, I’ll get it.’ She said.

Yolanda stood listening behind her bedroom door and heard the yelling. She was deeply shocked at the revelations of her foster parents. When she heard stepdad asking for the birth certificate, she quietly waited anxiously as her foster mother walked past her door to her bedroom to the small safe, she kept there. This is going to be my only chance, Yolanda thought. I need my birth certificate when I get married, and I must get it somehow. They will never give it to me, Yolanda thought. Yolanda put the roses on the bed. She waited near the door for her foster mother to return to the kitchen with the birth certificate. Yolanda took a deep breath and set her hastily made plan in action. Yolanda squared her shoulders, stood up straight, and tip-toed from her bedroom, following her foster mother in the hallway, to the kitchen. She reached over her foster mother’s shoulder and grabbed the birth certificate from her hand as she spoke, ‘I’ll have that birth certificate now if you do not mind. It’s legally mine, and I am of age,’ Yolanda said, as she held the document with both hands against her chest, determined they would not get their grubby hands on it again. 

‘You heard?’ stepdad asked bewildered. ‘Every word,' Yolanda replied calmly. ‘And I am going to take legal action against you both if you make trouble.’ Her stepdad had to think fast. If he was smart, he thought he could settle this dilemma with benefits or agro. We’ll try benefits, he thought. ‘So, what do you plan to do then?’ He asked. Yolanda was never slow on the uptake, knew the instant her stepdad had not exploded, he had a plan. Think girl, she told herself. ‘I will share with you if we can sort this out peacefully; after all, who needs millions when we can live a comfortable life on much less.’ ‘Good thinking,’ said stepdad, not knowing that Yolanda plucked a random sum of money out of thin air to entice him to her plan. 

Yolanda’s stepdad was surprised it was so easy. ‘Your dad left you the money,’ said Laura. ‘How much?’ Yolanda asked. ‘I will have to check that with the bank.' Her foster mother replied, 'but I believe it is a lot. I will need your birth certificate to verify you are who you say you are before you can access any funds.’ Her foster mother said, holding out her hand, hoping Yolanda would give her the birth certificate back. ‘You’re never going to get our hands on my birth certificate again,’ said Yolanda. ‘I want to arrange the finance for myself today. I do not need you for verification. I have my driver’s licence for that.’ Yolanda said. ‘Are you going to work?’ Her foster mother asked, surprised Yolanda had seen through her deception. ‘Yes, I am,’ she said, ‘there are things I have to arrange before I go to the bank to sort out the finance that is mine.’ There was a change in Yolanda, a regal presence and certainty in her demeanour. The girl that woke up that morning was gone, replaced by an assured, independent woman.

36 Wheels within wheels

When Yolanda returned to her room, the first thing she did was to hide the birth certificate on her person. She took a safety pin and attached the document on the inside at the back of her panties. Yolanda knew the moment she left the house; the two fraudsters would come looking. They would turn her bedroom inside out to find it. They leave nothing unturned. Next, she went to find a vase for the beautiful roses Mark had sent her. It had been such an emotional shock to see the card and Mark’s comparison of her mouth to her cunny lips. Yolanda knew that the church thought the expression of their beautiful love towards each other was sinful. The shock of seeing the blood-red roses and Mark’s comparison to her twin red lips and Fr O’Brien’s reference to the red blood of Eves’ curse had just been too much. It had suddenly hit her. She could not hold the anguish inside any longer. It caused her eyes to flood with tears. The knowledge of the curse hit her square in the face. It took some time for Yolanda to calm down. She had to consider her next move against her greedy and deceitful foster parents.

Thoughtfully, Yolanda prepared for work while her mind was working overtime. ‘How could she deal with this and not end up the loser?’ With whom can I talk? I’ll ask Mrs. Cusack,’ she thought. Yolanda liked Mrs. Cusack. The woman had always been a good and likable employer, she was also strict and fair, the qualities Yolanda desperately needed today to help her form a plan of action.

When Yolanda was ready to leave home, Bruce stood in the hallway barring her exit. 'We can do this the hard way or the easy way,' he said. 'Give me your handbag?' Yolande handed over her handbag without making a fuss. Bruce was surprised by her quiet demeanour. He had a cursory look inside the handbag and handed it back to her. She must have left the document in her bedroom, he thought. He let Yolanda pass to leave the house.

Yolanda deliberately went to work early. She kept her birth certificate on her person. When she arrived at her work, Mrs. Cusack had not yet arrived to open the shop doors. Yolanda waited outside. She did not have long to wait. Mrs. Cusack arrived only minutes after Yolanda. She was surprised to see Yolanda so early waiting at the door. She is keen, she thought, but the worried look on Yolanda’s face told another story, uh-oh she thought, there is trouble in paradise.

Yolanda walked into the store, following behind Mrs. Cusack. ‘Could I have a moment of your time, please? She asked Mrs. Cusack, ‘before you open the shop, please?’ ‘Sure,’ replied Mrs. Cusack, ‘come into the office,’ she invited. ‘Want a cuppa?’ She asked Yolanda. Yolanda had not eaten anything that morning, appreciated the offer, and gladly thanked the woman for her thoughtful concern. Yolanda needed allies and hoped Mrs. Cusack was going to be the first. She thought honesty was the best option of securing the help she desperately needed. She started with her name first. Then she asked Mrs. Cusack to retrieve her birth certificate from the back of her panties. Mrs. Cusack thought it was an odd place to hide the document but said nothing, waiting for Yolanda to reveal it all at the proper time. Yolanda asked Mrs. Cusack to examine the document. Yolanda looked the woman in the eyes and said, my name is ‘Yolanda Anne Grace.’ After Yolanda said this, Mrs. Cusack unfolded a sheet of ancient-looking parchment that appeared to be an elaborately decorated document, with the information written in perfect calligraphy. There was the name and a clear description of the young female presented before her. Her father had been a wealthy English Duke. Her mother was an Island girl. There was also a notation on the birth certificate that the child had a small port-wine birthmark on the left side of her back just above the kidney. Before Mrs. Cusack could ask, Yolanda stood up, lifted her shirt above her waist, and showed her the ugly birthmark on her body. The birthmark described in the document matched the one on Yolanda’s back. There appeared to be no doubt about the identity of the young girl standing before her.

Thinking this was huge, Mrs. Cusack decided to try to help the girl if she could. ‘How can I help you dear?’ she asked, ‘I need advice and fast?’ said Yolanda, ‘I cannot go home anymore. I am without any support. My foster parents adopted me and committed fraud. They stole part of my inheritance to pay their debts. They withheld the information of my birth with the intent of stealing the rest of my inheritance.’ ‘How do you know?’ Mrs. Cusack said. ‘I overheard them planning this morning. I was able to snatch my birth certificate from my foster mother’s hands before she knew what happened.’ ‘You need a good Lawyer,’ Mr. Cusack said, ‘and I know who can help you with this problem.’ As soon as Yolanda heard Mrs. Cusack speak about help, she knew that the woman was the first person on her side for the battle ahead. While she talked, Mrs. Cusack lifted the telephone handset and dialled a number. There came a response, ‘Hi Michael,' she said, 'I need your help. Could you come to see me now, please?’ She listened for a moment and then said, 'thanks.’ She put the handset back on the cradle. ‘He will be here in five minutes.’ said Mrs. Cusack. ‘Michael is my son. He is also my lawyer.'

Within minutes, Michael Cusack arrived. He walked up to his mother and kissed her on the cheek. ‘Good morning, darling, he said, and who is this lovely young lady?’ Yolanda looked at the man. He was a little older than Mark. The man had the same coppery coloured hair like his mother. ‘May I?’ Mrs. Cusack asked, looking at Yolanda. ‘Please go ahead,’ Yolanda said, already out of her depth with the proceedings. Mrs. Cusack explained to Michael, quietly and professionally, what had happened to Yolanda. When she had finished, she showed Michael the birth certificate and asked Yolanda to show Michael the birthmark on her back. Having confirmed the legal identity of Yolanda, he said. ‘Okay, let’s get to work. The first thing we have to do is to neutralise your foster parents.’

Mrs. Cusack had transformed from a boss into her surrogate mother. She took command of the situation and began organising everything for yolanda. She said, ‘you will have to go home and move out. We will do that properly. Michael will come with you. A Police officer will escort you to your home so there will be no unpleasantness with your foster parents.’ True to her word, before she knew what had happened, Michael had a Police car out front of the shop and asked her to get into the car. They drove to the Burns house. Yolanda told the Burns’ couple, ‘I am moving out, and I will never return.’ By then, Bruce was ready with his accusations. The male Police officer took one look at Bruce.  Bruce got the message loud and clear about keeping his mouth shut. The female Police officer accompanied Yolanda to her room. When Yolanda entered her room, the place was a shamble. Everything was upside down and inside out. It was a shocking mess. Yolanda gathered all her treasures into a couple of bags before taking them out to the car. Then it was back to the shop. When she returned, Mrs. Cusack had arranged for some refreshments. Once in the shop, Mrs. Cusack asked her, 'what do you want to do regarding your accommodation?' ‘Mark has a flat. I want to live with Mark. I will need temporary accommodation for a few weeks to sort everything out with Mark. I want to be married to Mark as soon as possible.’ ‘I will see what I can do,’ said Michael. ‘Do you have a dress?’ Mrs. Cusack asked. ‘Yes,’ said Yolanda, ‘show me?’ Said Mrs. Cusack. She inspected Yolanda's cream mini dress and decided it needed cleaning but was otherwise in perfect condition. Then it was time for Yolanda to go to Mark and bring him the news.

Yolanda could not believe the warmth and love Mrs. Cusack bestowed on her. When Yolanda tried to thank her, Mrs. Cusack replied that she did not have a daughter. She offered the position to Yolanda because it was vacant. Yolanda laughed at the humour and gave Mrs. Cusack a big hug and a kiss. The woman brushed her aside and sniffed. Yolanda noticed tears in the woman’s eyes and thanked God for how lucky she was to find a true friend in her employer. She was so grateful to have been honest with the woman. Had she lied and not forthcoming, the situation may well have been hopeless for her.

37 The marriage proposal

Yolanda knew where Mark was working. Mrs. Cusack loaned Yolanda her car to go and see Mark. Yolanda arrived at the place where Mark was working. She caught him at his lunch break. Mark was surprised to see Yolanda arrive in Mrs. Cusack's car. ‘You’re not at work. What brings you into my humble presence, my Fair Lady?’ Mark asked. Yolanda looked stressed and not in her usual happy mood when she saw him. ‘What happened?’ Mark asked. ‘I have left home. I am an orphan. I have discovered my identity. I have a large inheritance left to me by my birth parents. My foster parents were trying to disinherit me and steal the money from me. I need a home, and you are volunteered to provide it for me if you will have me and put up with the inconvenience of having an additional mouth to feed, from your horn of plenty.’ Despite the merriment, Mark knew that this was a serious request from Yolanda. There was a subtle request to consider marrying her as soon as possible.

Mark felt as though a bolt of lightning had struck him. He loved Yolanda with all his heart. But marriage at this moment was not something he had considered. He did not have the finance. Emotionally he was unprepared for such a big commitment. Mark loved Yolanda. To set up a house with her was beyond his thinking. Besides, his autistic nature needed everything organized and in order, plus his moral values would not let him consider her moving in with him without marriage. ‘How long have I got to decide?’ he asked seriously. ‘Until I go back to work,’ she replied. Not aware, Yolanda said it in jest; Mark looked at her with panic in his eyes. Yolanda knew she had been unfair to Mark, who usually took things like this literally. She relented and said, ‘sorry Mark, that was a joke.’ 

‘Not really,’ he replied, thinking it through and still taking it seriously. ‘If you are homeless, I cannot leave you on the street to fend for yourself. Of course, you are coming to live with me. 'What about marriage? Yolanda asked. 'How are we going to arrange that?’ Mark asked. ‘Mrs. Cusack has offered me temporary accommodation until we are married.’ ‘For how long will you stay with her?’ ‘I was thinking we start to make arrangements now and see how far we get.’ ‘Okay,’ said Mark, feeling totally out of his depth and beginning to panic. His life was spinning out of control at a fast rate, and people decided for him. He was in a real dilemma and needed time. But he could not tell his homeless girl she was not welcome to live with him. They could try to live celibate lives in the flat, but he did not think it would last no longer than when they went to bed. Yolanda would not be happy if she committed a mortal sin by having sex without marriage. What was he to do?’ He needed advice from someone, and he had no one he could go to get it. He was flying solo, and it felt like he would crash land if he did not become organized.

Mark decided that he could not continue to work with the stress that Yolanda put on him. He could not focus on the job. ‘I will stop work now and follow you to Mrs. Cusack,’ he told Yolanda. ‘There we can talk about it, not here.’ Mark was hoping Margaret Cusack could give him some guidance. She seemed to be a level-headed, sympathetic woman and very caring for Yolanda. Without someone to help him walk through this dilemma, Mark had no idea where to start. That had been his problem all his life. Mark needed someone to give him direction. He did not know why, but without direction, he would be peddling water and getting nowhere. Mark followed Yolanda to the shop where Mrs. Cusack waited for them.

When they returned to the shop, Yolanda addressed Margaret. ‘Mrs. Cusack, we are not sure if we should be married now or wait. We need to think it through a bit longer before we make that important decision.’ ‘You can stay with me for the time being if you like until you have decided what to do.’ Margaret replied. ‘You mean, live with you until Mark, and I can get married?’ ‘Yes, I would love to have you live with me for as long as you like. I am alone, and I had loved you as if you were my daughter from when you came to work with me in the shop. The daughter position is still open if you want the job.’ Mrs. Cusack said. Emotionally charged, Yolanda responded impulsively and said, ‘I would like to take you up on your offer. I would be very happy to be your daughter.’ They stood looking at each other for a long moment, and Margaret’s emotions flooded over. With tears in her eyes, she said, ‘welcome, daughter.’

‘What would you like me to call you?’ asked Yolanda. ‘Please call Margaret,’ she replied. ‘That would not feel right to call you by your first name if you will be my mum. Can I call you mother?’ Margaret welled up in tears. I never thought to have a daughter call me that,’ she said. My little girl died when she was only very young. ‘Yes, please call me Mum,’ said Margaret. ‘Yolanda, still overwhelmed by the generosity of Margaret, stepped up to her, put her arms around her and hugged her fiercely, and gave her a kiss on her cheek whispering, ‘thanks, mother, I love you!’

Mark stayed talking with them about wedding plans and procedures, which left him utterly confused. When he told them of his dilemma, they said, leave it to the women to sort out. They would tell him what to do after they had it all worked out. Mark stayed at Margaret’s home until it was time to go to bed. He kissed Yolanda, thanked Margaret for her hospitality and advice, and went to his flat. He said he would come past Margaret’s house in the morning for any instructions and go to his work for the day.

38 The Margaret Cusack story

The following morning, Yolanda came down for breakfast. She walked into the kitchen and saw Margaret at the stove. ‘Good morning, darling,’ said Margaret. ‘Good morning, Mama.’ responded Yolanda. She did not feel awkward about the new relationship between herself and her old employer. For Margaret, it was the ultimate dream to have the young girl know her as her stepmother. Margaret gained a lovely daughter she could fuss over and indulge. ‘Breakfast is almost ready, sweetheart,’ said Margaret, ‘lovely scrambled eggs on fresh bread.’ ‘Have you been down the shops already to get fresh bread?’ Yolanda asked. ‘No darling,’ ‘I make it myself overnight.’ ‘I thought I could smell fresh bread,’ said Yolanda. ‘I make a small loaf almost every day because Michael loves his fresh bread; he eats great chunks of it.’ ‘How do you do it?’ Yolanda asked. ‘It’s very easy,’ said Margaret. ‘I have a simple bread maker. I put the ingredients in the night before I go to bed. I have a fresh loaf of bread in the morning when I wake up.’ ‘How do you know when it is ready to eat if you get it all ready before you go to bed?’ ‘There is a timer on it, you set it to be ready at a certain time, and it is,’ replied Margaret. ‘It smells so good, said Yolanda. ‘Can I help with something?' She asks?’ ‘You could make a cup of tea and get some plates and cutlery out on the table.’ ‘I can do that,’ responded Yolanda, with joy in the developing relationship between her and her former employer. ‘If I am not rude?’ said Yolanda, as she was busy setting the breakfast table, ’what happened to Mr. Cusack?’ ‘Is your husband still around. I haven’t seen him?’ ‘No darling, there is no husband. I was a prostitute in a country town. I saved all my money and studied business management in my spare time. I was not going to be a prostitute forever, especially after Michael was born.’

‘What happened?’ Yolanda asked, sitting down at the table as Margaret put fresh bread with butter and scrambled egg on the table. ‘I was an ignorant country girl enjoying the company of boys. When I was old enough, nobody wanted me. I had gained a reputation for being easy, but it was all a lie. I was a virgin until a man raped me. It happened on the street coming home from school when I was sixteen.’ ‘My parents did not want to look after me because I was pregnant. That is how I ended up on the streets. It is a lonely place. I was destitute. The local brothel owner found me late that night and took me in. She looked after me until my baby was born. When the baby was old enough, the woman said, I had to get a job and pay my way because she was not a charity. I got a job at the local milk bar. They said I could bring my baby to work with me, but it did not work out. Once again, I faced the prospect of being homeless, so I asked the brothel owner if I could work for her, and that is how I became a prostitute.’

‘How did you get away?’ Yolanda asked. Before Margaret could answer, Yolanda said, ‘you know this is good,' as she dug into the fresh bread and scrambled eggs. ‘I love to share my meals with a person who appreciates good food.’ Margaret said. ‘Well,’ said Margaret, ‘when Michael was born, I knew what a trap prostitution could be unless I made something of myself. I said to the brothel owner I wanted to educate myself and move on. She was very helpful with my courses, which I did by correspondence. 

Michael was ten years old when I fell pregnant with Violet. It was during that pregnancy I determined to move out of the brothel and become independent. I had passed all my exams, and I had some money saved. With the help of the brothel owner, I left the country town and came here. I set up shop in town and worked hard to be where I am now. I have been here fifteen years because I came after Violate had died.

Michael received a proper education when we lived in the brothel, and I made sure he continued with his education when I came to live here. I was not going to allow Michael to become destitute like I have been. It is not fun, and it is not nice to live on the streets.’ ‘I cannot believe that you took me in to your home as you did,’ Yolanda said. ‘That was easy. I already knew you. I got to know Mark through you, and I like him. He will be good for you. Mark is a good, honest, clean, living boy, and as I said before, I have loved you since you came to work for me and wished you were my daughter.’ ‘So, wishes do come true,’ Yolanda said with a smile. ‘Absolutely,’ Margaret said. ‘You ended up on the street like me with your foster parents you could not trust, I have a home I own. I have the opportunity to help you, as the brothel owner helped me. What comes around goes around. So, here we are full circle.’ ‘I cannot thank you enough. I will never forget how you so lovingly helped Mark and me,’ said Yolanda.

‘Have you thought of any plans yet?’ Margaret asked. ‘I would like to stay here for a while until we can sort out our lives.’ ‘Sweetheart, of course, you can stay here with me for as long as you like. I love having you in my home with me. I have been too lonely for too many years and to have you stay with me is a dream come true.’ ‘What I would like to do is to help Mark with the money,’ said Yolanda, 'so we can buy a home of our own.’ ‘Well, why not make him that offer and see what he says?’ said Margaret. ‘You can stay here for as long as you like.’

39 Pre marriage instructions

Over the next few days, Mark saw Yolanda at Margaret’s home to discuss what to do about the wedding. Yolanda arranged things without Mark’s knowledge to see the priest about the announcement of their wedding bans. Mark was coming over in the evening. and Yolanda waited for him on the footpath because there was a good chance Mark would be late. ‘Come,’ she said when Mark arrived about thirty minutes late. ‘Let’s go and meet Fr O’Brien.’ ‘What for?’ he asked. ‘We have to announce our wedding three weeks before we are married to read the wedding bans at Sunday Mass.’ ‘Do you need me for that?’ He asked, ‘yes,’ she said, ‘When I telephoned Fr. O’Brien, he said you had to come too, or he would not announce our wedding bans!’ Okay, let’s go.' He said.’

They got to the parish house and rang the bell. The craggy old man came to the door and invited them in without a word. He pointed to a parlour. When they entered, he pointed to two chairs in front of his rather imposing desk. ‘Sit,’ he barked. They sat. ‘You were haven sex?’ ‘No,’ they both said in unison. He looked from one to the other with piercing eyes. ‘Don’t believe you.’ They remained silent. Then Mark said,’ what did you want to see us about?’ ‘Have you been having sex?’ ‘NO…,’ replies Mark emphatically, suppressing his anger. ‘Still don’t believe you. Do you want to be married in the Church?’ ‘That was the idea.’ ‘Good, then there’s a few things you should know. No hanky panky, you understand?’ ‘No, I do not understand,’ Mark said. ‘Harrumph,’ he says, ‘how to explain?’ He rubs his chin. ‘It’s like this. You know how dogs sniff, ah… you know what I mean…, you sniff her what's it?’ ‘No, I don’t sniff her, what’s it,’ Mark said with emphasis, to piss the old coot off. His anger was rising. He had trouble suppressing it. ‘You will want to,’ the old man says. Mark glares at him but remains silent. ‘No sniffing and ah… and ah… no licking her, what’s it either, you get me?’ 

Mark was fuming and glaring and getting angrier by the minute. The grossly offensive man insinuates something that is of no concern to him. But Mark remains silent. ‘Sin of death is on you, boy. Curse of Eve on you, girl, he says. You know what that means don’t you?’ ‘Spell it out for me … FATHER?’ Asked Mark, knowing the vile, corrupt man raped his mother repeatedly, and this vile man is his real father. Mark utterly despises the man. ‘There is the right way the Church approves of, you know what I mean, the right way, not the wrong way mind you, the right way,’ he repeats himself, ‘if you know what I mean?’ ‘No, I don’t know what you mean, what are you talking about… FATHER?’ Mark asks with disdain. The man seems to be immune to the insinuation he is the father of mark. It seems the old man does not even acknowledge the fact that he repeatedly raped his mother. The old man continues to talk ignoring Mar’s obvious insult. ‘It was formulated by the missionaries when they faced the heathen and their ungodly ways. It’s called the missionary way.’ He says, feeling more confident of getting his message across. ‘Yea got it,’ Mark said. ‘Don’t be rude young feller. I’m doing the best I can here. This is difficult stuff to talk about.’ ‘I get you, FATHER!’ Mark says. ‘Now, is there anything else we should know…? FATHER?’ ‘Yes, there is to be no masturbating for either of you. The Church does not approve of such filthy, ungodly things, ah…, habits, and no birth control except for the rhythm method.’ ‘How does that work?’ Mark asks, dropping the emphatic FATHER word understanding the clever criminal ignores it deliberately.

‘You go with the rhythm.’ He says. ‘What rhythm?’ Mark asks. ‘Don’t you play the fool with me, young feller? It’s the rhythm of life, of course. You can’t have babies unless you follow the rhythm of life,’ he states with conviction. ‘Never heard of it,’ Mark said. ‘No, you wouldn’t, that’s for the young eh…, the woman here to fix herself up each month, you, don’t have to worry about that. However, anything outside of what I told you, outside of that, is a mortal sin. You get that?’ 'Not really.' Mark said. 'Sex is a vile thing, God only invented it to bring babies into the world, and that is all. No hanky panky, you understand me? I don’t want you to come to me for confession and tell me your committed mortal sins…, you get me?’ He says, looking them both in the eye. 'Let's get out of here.’ Mark said without looking at Yolanda. When he looks at her, he sees silent tears pooling in her eyes. 'Thank you, father,' Yolanda says. Mark doesn’t say anything. He is seething inside from the ignominy of this one-sided conversation. To his dismay, it seems Yolanda believes this ungodly fabrication of lies. She has swallowed it, line hook, and sinker.
 
As they come to the door, the priest grabs hold of Yolanda’s arm and says for her to stay behind for a moment, ‘You walk on to your car,’ he tells Mark. Mark takes two steps and stops, not trusting the old man with Yolanda, ignoring him the priest turns to Yolanda and says, ‘now you listen to me, you hussy,’ he whispers in her ear, ‘I have special instructions for you, and you come and see me by yourself, you hear me?’ The priest frightens Yolanda. She does not know what he wants to see her about. She says, ‘okay, when do you want to see me?’ ‘On the night before the wedding,’ he tells her. ‘There are special instructions for Catholic girls that you need to know before you have sex, you hear me?’ Mark is utterly disgusted with the man, and hearing what was said, he is determined Yolanda will not be seeing him alone.’ Mark turns to go to the car. Yolanda asked Mark to drop her off at home. ‘Want to go out for a drink?’ ‘Not tonight,’ she said.

40 Yolanda goes to see Fr O’Brien

Yolanda went to see Fr O’Brien without saying anything to Mark about the special instructions before her wedding. The priest had said there was a special Catholic ceremony for the bride, and he wanted her to come by herself.

Yolanda walked up to the parish house with trepidation. She rang the bell expecting the housekeeper to answer the door. It was the old man himself, standing before her. He looked her over and began to salivate. He saw the full breasts, the mini skirt, and long elegant legs with her feet in pretty, flower-decked sandals. She was a gorgeous morsel he wanted to eat. His mind was already doing overtime, trying to imagine what it would be like to fuck her. Don’t rush it, he told himself silently. He had prepared everything beforehand to make sure he had her all night at his disposal. He sent the housekeeper to her own home early so she would not see the girl. He had disconnected the phone. He had his special brew ready for her to sample.

‘Come in.’ He said and held the door open for her. Yolanda walked past him and was instantly aware she was in the house on her own with the man. She felt trapped as he closed the door behind her and locked it. Yolanda looked behind her, past the man, and saw the key was no longer in the lock. She should have come with Mark, she thought too late. It was a terrible mistake to have come alone. Secret wedding business, she thought, how naïve I am to believe the man. I am ready now. I know he is up to no good. No matter what happens, he is not going to win. I will stop him.

The priest pointed to his study, and Yolanda entered. The priest followed her and closed the door. Yolanda heard the lock turn, her suspicions confirmed. She was ready for him. ‘Sit,’ he barked as he seated himself behind the imposing desk. Yolanda remained standing as he began to speak. ‘I need to impress on you the responsibility you have for keeping Mark from sinning. You carry the curse of eve in your blood,’ he said, making her feel guilty for being a woman. ‘Let me impress upon you the evil of giving in to the feelings and emotion of sex. Do not allow Mark to arouse your feelings. Yours is the sole responsibility of a moral Christian marriage.’

‘Now I need to speak to you about the new, special marriage celebration. Drinking from the Loving Cup. There is a special blessing for the bride to make her fruitful in marriage and have children.’ He had the drink prepared in a golden chalice. ‘The drink may taste sweet and a little strange that is why I want you to taste it now, so you know what to expect.’ Fr. O’Brien said. It was a test run to see how much she could tolerate. Yolanda thought it was a weird thing to do. She was still standing in front of the desk and refused to do as he said. As he talked, he moved from behind his desk and stood next to her, holding the cup. He gave her the gold chalice to drink. He looked at her with expectation, how she would respond to the drink. Yolanda refused the cup and pushed his hand away. As she did, he gave her a hard blow against the back of her head she had not anticipated. She was reeling on her feet and about to pass out. He put the cup on his desk and caught her from behind. He laid her on the couch and put the cup to her mouth, forcing the liquid into her mouth. He put his hand over her mouth to stop her from spitting it out. She had to swallow or choke on the wine. It was as bitter sweet as Fr O’Brien had told her. 

There was a darker taste, only just discernible. Yolanda did not like it. It made her feel nauseous. She felt her head go into a spin. Yolanda knew he had drugged her, one that would put her to sleep. As she looked up at the old man, she saw he was about to hit her on the head again. Yolanda managed to turn her face to the side to in time avoid the blow. Feeling dizzy and disorientated, she knew she had to fight him off before she passed out. She lifted her foot off the ground and kicked him hard in the groin. She grabbed him by his shoulders and, with her forehead, butted him as hard as she could on the bridge of his nose, stopping him in his tracks. The man crumpled and fell to the floor. Yolanda put her fingers into her mouth and touched her gag reflex, vomiting all over the priest’s face as he lay at her feet, moaning. 

Mentally Yolanda thanked Mark for teaching her these moves just in case she came across people intent on harming her. Yolanda went through the man’s pockets to find the front door key and ran for the door in the room. Thankfully, the key was still in the door. She escaped the room before the priest could get himself together. She rushed to the front door. In her hurry, she fumbled with the key to open the front door. When she got it open, the old man was behind her and tried to grab her. Yolanda punched him hard in the face and pushed him aside. She ran out of the door for Margaret’s car. She was under the influence of the drug. Yolanda drove home as fast as she dared. Once she was home, she broke out in tears and told Margaret what had happened.

Yolanda refused to go back to the Church. She will not be married in the church by the priest. She decided to be married at the registry office instead. Margaret put Yolanda to bed and notified her son Michael the lawyer, of the priest's assault on Yolanda. Michael told Yolanda, 'There is nothing I can do to help you. It is your word against the priest. He can call upon character witnesses willing to lie for him, and the bishop will support him. You have no witnesses to support your claim that the priest assaulted you.' He told her. 'Unfortunately, you have to ignore what had happened and get on with your life.' Yolanda was devastated. 'How, she screamed, 'does that fucking bastard get away with it?' 'Yolanda,' Mrs. Cusack yelled at her, 'such language, please, not in my house!' 'Well, it’s the truth, isn't it? It's what he does, right? I could kill him.' She yells at no one in particular. Her head had cleared. She thinks how close she had come to harm. Yolanda thinks of Mark and the difference between him and this vile man who attempted to harm her. Yolanda goes to bed thinking how blessed she is with the man she is about to marry.

41 The wedding

Margaret telephoned Mark before Yolanda came down to breakfast. 'Mark,' Margaret said, would you come here before you go to work, please? 'What's up?' Mark asked. 'Nothing to worry about, Mark. I just want to talk with you.' 'Is Yolanda, okay?' 'Yes, she's fine, just come, please.' 'Okay, be there shortly.' When Mark arrived at Margaret's home, Margaret let him into her sitting room. 'Where is Yolanda?' Mark asked. 'Yolanda is still asleep. I wanted to see you. Please, take a seat, Mark.' Mark felt uneasy. Something was wrong. Did Yolanda have cold feet and want to get out of marrying him, he wondered? Margaret sat on the chair opposite Mark and said, 'I wanted to see you, to tell you that Yolanda went to see the old priest last night. He assaulted Yolanda.' Mark jumped up. 'I want to see her now!' he said. 'Please, calm down; Mark Yolanda is fine.' 'What did the old Bastard do to her?' 'Nothing.' 'What did you want to see me about then?' Mark is annoyed. It seemed to Mark Margaret was dancing around the subject but not willing to share. 'Come on, tell me, what did the old bastard do?' 'Language Mark, please keep a civil tongue.' 'Yea, all right.' Mark was still standing. 'Now tell me, or I am out of here.' 'Yolanda told me you taught her some tricks in the event anyone tried to hurt her. Well, it seems she was a good student because she laid the priest flat on his back with a broken nose. He tried to rape her.' 'Did he hurt her?' 'No, he tried to drug her, but she applied some martial arts, a head butt to remember her by, and she decorated his jewels with the colours of the rainbow, a trick you apparently taught her. She got away from him with no harm done,' 'What about the drug? Is she okay?' 'He knocked her down and tried to force drugged wine down her throat, but before she passed out, she broke his nose with a head butt. She said she put her fingers down her throat and vomited all over his face. Yolanda is upset, but otherwise, she is fine. She wants to be married at the registry office this morning; will you be okay with that?' 'No probs. I will be there, what time?' 'Yolande will be in contact with you.' 'Before you go, are there any witnesses?' 'No.' With no witnesses, there was nothing Mark could do. ‘I am bloody proud of her,’ Mark said.

'Yolanda was very distressed and crying when she came home.' Margaret told Mark. 'Please have patience with her. She told me not to say anything to you, but I had to tell you.' 'Yolanda refuses to be married in the church.' Margaret told Mark. 'My son Michael arranged with the registry office for your wedding to take place there this morning. Please pretend you know nothing of the assault.' Margaret asked Mark.

Yolanda, dressed in an ivory dress, looked gorgeous and ready to get married when she arrived at Mark’s flat to pick him up for the wedding. Mark was concerned for Yolanda. The ignorant old priest had hurt her, and he wanted to see if she was okay. Before he could open his mouth, Yolanda said, ‘change of plans, we are not getting married in the Church.’ ‘Are we still getting married?’ He asked. ‘We are,’ she replied. ‘What about when and where?’ he asked, ‘Now and at the Town Hall.’ She said. ‘Our witnesses will be waiting for us there.’ Yolanda saw Mark looking at the bruises on her face. When he was about to ask how she got the bruises, she said, ‘don’t,’ almost ready to burst into tears. Mark, forewarned by Mrs. Cusack, remained silent. 

Mark had his suit on and was ready to go with Yolanda. She had borrowed Mrs. Cusec’s car. Without making any comments, Mark helped Yolanda into the car. When she did the smoothing of her dress to her thighs, it had lost the sexiness for Mark. Mark walked around the car and got in behind the wheel. Mark drove to the Town Hall in silence. He found a parking spot not too far away and parked the car. They walked to the Town Hall holding hands. They saw Mrs. Cusack outside on the footpath, amicably talking to her son Michael. ‘Are we ready?’ Michael asked, ‘I am’ Mark said, ‘what about you, Yolanda?’ He asked. ‘Sure,’ she said, ‘let’s do it.’ They walked into the court and stood before the marriage celebrant. ‘Good day to you all,’ the woman said pleasantly and looked at Yolanda's bruised face. Then she looked at Mark, and while she looked at Mark, she pointedly said to Yolanda, 'are you free to marry this man, or are you being coerced into marriage with this man?' 'If you are wondering about my bruised face, the bruising happened when the previous marriage celebrant was about to rape me. I fought back, like this lovely man here taught me how to fight back. The other man has a broken nose and balls the colour of the rainbow. I can assure you, the other celebrant is a lot worse off than I am. Please believe me.' The look of surprise on the woman's face was priceless. Without any fuss, she proceeded with the ceremony. When she came to the part to confirm their names, Yolanda said, ‘I wish to retain my family name?’ The woman was surprised and looked at Mark. Mark returned the woman's look and said, 'my wife is a free, independent woman. She does not answer me for the decisions she makes.’ The woman then read out Yolanda's full name. 'Do you, Yolanda, Anne Grace, take this man, Mark McKenzie, to be your lawful husband to..., ‘I do,’ replied Yolanda. Interpreting the woman from completing the formal vows that would make Yolanda the property of Mark. The woman looked at Yolanda, then at Mark, and continued with the vow, 'To have and hold, to love and obey... and Mark interrupted her. 'No, she does not make that vow. She has given her consent to be married, that is all. Please, it is my turn now.' The celebrant then continued with the vows for Mark, which he made gladly. When the service was over, the woman told Mark to kiss the bride. Mark did so tenderly with care, afraid he might hurt Yolandas' bruised face. 

‘Do you have any more surprises for me, wife?’ Mark asked Yolanda. ‘It’s still the same old me, husband,’ Yolanda said with laughter as she looked into his eyes. Thank heaven something was still stable because his world was spinning right now. Mark turned to Yolanda and said, ‘I am proud of you for choosing your independence by keeping your real name.’ ‘It so new to me. I love it,’ said Yolanda. ‘Are you aware you are not Mrs. McKenzie?’ Mark asked Yolanda. Yolanda looked at Mark with shock on her face, ‘are you saying we are not married?’ She asked with dismay. ‘No darling, I am not saying that; I am saying is I am proud of you being a modern, independent woman.’

42 After the wedding

It was already very late in the day. With the wedding over, Mrs. Cusack invited everyone to a restaurant for the evening meal. The food was beautiful. Yolanda was too nervous to eat. Mark did not do any better. The release of the strain they had been under and the weariness of the day had them both yawning. Michael had booked a hotel wedding suit for them as a gift from himself to the young couple. With the meal over, Mrs. Cusack suggested that she drive the young couple back to their car. They could then find their hotel by themselves. When Yolanda and Mark eventually found themselves in their hotel suite, the loving hospitality of Mrs. Cusack and Michael had overwhelmed them. They were too tired from stress and too nervous about going somewhere to celebrate. They sat on the bed and made ready to go to sleep.

While sitting on the bed, Mark thought this was the first opportunity to get things straight into his head. Who is my wife, he thought? Yolanda was standing in the middle of the room, looking at him with dreamy eyes. Again, he admired her gentle simplicity in her beautiful dress. ‘Would you help me take it off, please?’ She asked. Mark saw her lovely breasts move with her nervous breathing. There was a slight tremor in her hands, which she held clasped in front of her. ‘Yes,’ he said but did not move from where he was sitting. ‘My darling wife, Mark said, you are so beautiful’ she blushed at the honorific but said nothing. Mark found that Yolanda was a peaceful person despite the enormous pressure she had endured. She stood there unhurried and calm. ‘Darling, five years ago, you dreamt of this moment; how does it feel?’ ‘I am terrified.’ He loved that about her; what you see is what you get. ‘Don’t be. I am not in a hurry to do anything you would not want me to do.’ ‘Can I just go to sleep in your arms tonight, like we once did in your flat, please?’ she asked.’ Absolutely, with or without benefits?’ he asked. This was the moment when her nervousness took over. She looked him in the eyes, and softly she asked, ‘without please?’ He thought this was a defining moment. She will remember it forever, he thought. ‘I would just hold you in my arms as we go to sleep,’ he replied. ‘May I ask you something?’ he said. She gave a slight nod of her head. ‘There is only one benefit I crave?’ ‘What is that?’ she asks, ‘I want you to sleep with your back against me so I can wrap my arms around you and hold your breasts, please?’ ‘That is the only benefit I desire right now, please?’ The relief on her face was obvious. ‘Please help me out of this dress so that I can cuddle up to you.’ Wearily he raised himself from his sitting position and walked up to her. ‘Who are you, my darling, he asked?’

‘I am just Yolanda, the girl you hugged kissed at a bus stop five years ago.’ Gone was the playfulness. In its place was sadness. Circumstances forced her into a situation she never wanted. She said, ‘I am the daughter of an island girl, and my father was an English Duke. He was an RAF pilot stationed in the Pacific, where he died in an air crash just after I was born. My mother died shortly after the war when I was three. My foster mother looked after me when I was a baby. When both my parents were dead, she applied to foster me. She got control over a portion of the money to care for me, but they gambled it away. The balance of the money was available to me after I came of age, and they were waiting for me to be old enough to get their hands on the rest of it.

Mark remained silent; he felt it was important to her that he did not comment on her heritage. He went to her and folded her in his arms. It felt so good. He felt her breasts against him, her lower body against him, and a gorgeous female in his arms. I am the happiest man in the world right now, he thought. ‘Unzip me please?’ Yolanda asked, and with his arms still about her found the zip in the middle of her back and pulled it down; he then brought the dress forward so she could extract her arms, as she did so, Yolanda put her hands on the top of Mark's shoulders and elegantly stepped out of her dress. Carefully, Mark laid the beautiful dress on the bed. Yolanda took the wedding dress and placed it on a hanger in the cupboard. As she moved about in her smalls, Mark stood watching Yolanda. She wore a lace bra and panties and a pair of sheer stockings held onto her thighs with the embroidered elastic tops. Her lace underwear was a teal blue of the same pattern as the sky-blue set she had worn previously. She looked stunningly beautiful. He took off his dress shirt and trousers and stood in his Bonds undies a moment before he turned to the bed and asked her on which side she wanted to sleep. ‘I always sleep on the right side of the bed,’ she said with a smile. ‘Okay,’ Mark said, ‘then I will sleep on the left.’ ‘You can’t,' she said.’ ‘Why?’ ‘Because that is where I will be sleeping.’ ‘Okay,’ he said, ‘then I will sleep on the right side,’ not getting the joke she was making. ‘Yes,’ she said, ‘we will both sleep on the right side.’ Yolanda undid the clasp of her bra. Yolanda bent forwards to remove her bra from her breasts. She kept her panties on and got in on the right side of the bed.

It took him a while to figure out her logic, and it lightened the mood. They were both lying in the middle of the bed. Mark wrapped his arms around Yolanda with his hand cupping her breast. They both lay on the right side of the bed. ‘I love you so much, I have been dreaming for five years of this moment, and now it is here; it feels surreal,’ Yolanda said, stifling a yawn. Mark just held her and revelled in the feel of her breasts in his hands. Mark did not want to go to sleep. The magic of the moment kept him awake. He had a girl with her divine body wrapped in his arms. His hand on her breast, it was the joy of heaven to him.

Although mark was tired, he only snatched bits of sleep. Mark lay awake for most of the night, deeply conscious of the fact that Yolanda was now legally able to sleep in the bed beside him. He could not resist touching her, mostly just holding her around the middle, feeling the warmth of her bare skin against his hand. She was still wearing her panties of the same lace as the sky-blue set she wore the first time she had exposed her body to him. Throughout the night, Yolanda turned several times. At one stage, she flung her arms out over him and wrapped herself around him. One arm over his chest and right shoulder, her head, resting on his left chest. One leg hooked over his legs where she lay with her cunny tight up against his thigh. Mark dared not move for fear of disturbing her, and she would move away from him. She was a young and beautiful nymph sleeping; half draped over him. Surely, this must be heaven because there is nothing more divine than to feel that gorgeous warm body all over him, he thought. She did not even know she was doing it.

By morning, his groin was sore from the perpetual erection he had and the many times she had shifted her leg or hands over his penis during the night. At one time, she held his penis in her hand, having moved her hand inside his jocks, and just to have her hold him without any conscious stimulation was enough to bring on an orgasm. Mark allowed it to happen. When it did, she wiped her hands clean on his belly and chest and kept on pretending to sleep. Mark could not see her face because her head was on his chest and shoulder, but he had a suspicion that when she provoked the orgasm, she was smiling. Later she would deny any knowledge of what she had done, but he was certain, not only that she knew, but that she deliberately did it because of the joy of ownership it gave her to have that power over him. She had branded him, and she had claimed him, and now, by what she had done during the night, she showed that he belonged to her.

43 The joy of marriage

By the time morning came, Yolanda looked rested. Mark felt exhausted. Yolanda luxuriated, lying draped over him. 'Good morning, husband.’ She said. Mark responded with, ‘is it?’ To which she responded by stretching like a cat and resting her arms on his chest, looking into his eyes, and said, with a gorgeous big smile on her face, ‘it’s perfect from up here.’ ‘Gotogopee…’ she suddenly said, and with that, she got up to go to the bathroom. Once again, Mark got the full view of her long, long legs ending into a scrap of lace as she clambered over him to get out on the other side of the bed to the bathroom. Seduction with this woman never stops, Mark thought. She smelled of a warm female and needed a shower. It was not offensive, but anyone not in love with her would not find it erotic, but he did. An overwhelming sense of love flooded his whole being. Mark could not get enough of her. She climbed all over him in her beautiful lace underwear. When she reached the toilet, she closed the door.

She came back to bed and draped herself over him again, now on his other side and looking into his eyes with a lovely smile on her lips, she said again, ‘good morning husband,’ Yup, she claimed me alright, like no other woman ever could he thought. They lay together for a while reminiscing about the wedding and the loving generosity of Margaret and her son.

Yolanda suggested they purchase their home. She said she could pay for it in cash from her inheritance. Mark needed to think about it. He was not against buying their home. Mark did not think it was right; Yolanda should buy a home rather than he. It seemed to him that he was supposed to provide for her and not the other way around. Mark felt as if Yolanda was usurping his responsibility. He felt very uncomfortable with the idea. Yolanda let the topic rest and thought to raise it again later because she wanted the security of owning her own home and not having to pay rent. Then Mark asked her if she would be prepared to live in an old house needing repairs and going very cheap. Yolanda thought for a moment. Then she said to Mark, 'I think it is a brilliant idea.' Mark was the kind of tradesman who could renovate the house and make a lovely home for them. Mark said he knew a vacant old property that was for sale. It was structurally sound. He had already viewed it. He had been all over it and thought they could make a good home for themselves and their children. They would not make payments to a bank and pay twice as much for the house because of interest payments. They decided to look at the house together that day and maybe purchase the house.

First, they had to make a start to the day. Wild, disorderly hair and completely devoid of any embarrassment, Yolanda got off the bed. She took her panties off and went into the shower. Mark watched her routine, from taking a shower to dressing. He felt a wholeness seep into his core, knowing that for the rest of his life, this routine would play itself out for him every day until the final parting. He would be the only person in the world to share these intimate moments with her. 

Then it was Marks' turn to do his morning routine. Mark was only wearing his jockey shorts. With his thumbs in the elastic at his sides, he slipped the jocks over his bum. As per usual, they stuck to his flagpole. Mark was forever walking around waving at people. Yolanda laughed aloud at his dilemma when she saw that the fabric caught over his pole like a sail on a boat. Mark pulled his jocks free, releasing his pole that waged vigorously from a standing position at Yolanda. Yolanda loved it, she laughed aloud and went to grab him just like his old man used to do, and just in time, Mark turned sideways. ‘Darling,’ he said, ‘a yank on my pole is not a pleasant experience. It hurts.’ Yolanda felt chastised and sorry she had attempted to grab him. The look of him pointing his pole at her and deliberately waging it made her laugh. Mark was so delighted to hear her laugh. It had been a long time since she had expressed joy at simple things and allowed herself to relax enough to enjoy life.

Mark walked into the shower with his pole waving. Yolanda followed him and sat on the toilet seat as he had done. Mark stood side on as she had done. He stood back a little to run the water to temperature. Once the water was hot enough, he stepped under the spray and let it run over his head. He put his hands to either side of his nose and gave it a good trumpet, rinsed his hands, and went for the shampoo and washed his hair. He rinsed and squirted conditioner on his hands and ran it through his hair. He rinsed it off. He washed his face, arms, chest, and then the nether region. His pole is fully erect, which made the job easy. Mark gave it a couple of wanks, and did a shine on the jewels before going to the dark side. He put a shine there too. His legs got a good scrubbing and with his toes carefully tended, he finished. Mark came out of the shower and faced Yolanda with his pole pointing directly at her. 

Yolanda had returned to the bedroom. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching his routine. She asked him to come closer. When he did, she hooked her hands behind his butt, pulled him in close, and in no time elicited an orgasm that had him trembling on his feet. Mark looked at her in loving wonder, ‘why did you do that?’ He asked. ‘I know you wanted to make love to me last night, but you didn’t out of love for me.’ She said as she handed him the towel to dry off. She has the biggest smile on her face he has ever seen. She is ecstatically happy.

Once dry, Mark grabs a new pair of jocks out of his bag. He does his usual dance getting his feet tangled in his jocks. He is trying to put both feet into his jocks at once. Mark falls over on the side of the bed. Yolanda laughs hilariously, ‘oh God, I love you. You’re a clumsy oaf,’ she says. ‘Just normal for me,’ Mark tells her. He pulls his jocks up over his bum. As usual, his flagpole has disappeared, and the family jewels catch in the elastic band. Mark pulls a face at the very uncomfortable and painful dilemma in which he found himself. It did not improve on Yolanda’s remark about his clumsiness. She is rolling on the bed with joy. ‘I love you; I love you; I love you,’ she repeats,’ it’s going to be so much fun being married to you,’ she said. ‘Didn’t your mother ever teach you how to dress?’ ‘No,’ he said, ‘because I always told her I could do it by myself.’ ‘You are twenty-seven now, so how are you doing?’ She said with a laugh. ‘Well, as you saw,’ he said, ‘I’m still learning, but I am getting there.’ ‘Oh God,’ she says, ‘you do need me, even if it is to train that little boy in there struggling to come out.’ ‘I dunno,’ he says, ‘I rather like him the way he is.’ ‘By the way?’ she asks, ‘why the trumpet fanfare?’ ‘You see, I clean my body both inside and out; that is my view on life.’ ‘Good thinking Kemo Sahbee’ she says. Mark finished dressing. They walk hand in hand, in search of the hotel dining room and food.


