Dear Santa
Christmas Romances Series


BOOK ONE

The Party


by

Mona Ingram

* * *

COVER DESIGN:
Elizabeth Mackey Graphic Design
About this series:
Dear Santa is a series of sweet Christmas romances in novella-length. These short reads are ideal for an escape during those busy holiday moments.

* * *

Copyright © 2018 Mona Ingram
All rights reserved.

* * *

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locations is entirely coincidental.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Epilogue


Chapter One
 “Paige can I ask you something?”
There was something different in her brother’s voice. Paige looked up expectantly. “Of course.”
“Are you ever going to get married?”
She tried to inject some humor into her voice. “You mean like ever, ever?”
Simon’s brows drew together. “I didn’t think it was such a difficult question.”
“It’s not, Simon… not really. I guess you took me by surprise.” That was putting it mildly; her brother rarely, if ever, asked her personal questions. It just wasn’t the way his mind worked. “What prompted you to ask?”
“I was watching a documentary on the History Channel and they said when a woman gets past a certain age they’re considered a spinster and probably won’t get married.” Keeping his eyes downcast, he picked up a part from the old WWII bomber model he was assembling. He appeared to study it, but she could tell he was gathering his thoughts.
“Is it because of me?” he asked finally. “Are you single because you’re taking care of me?”
His words rocked her back and she took a moment to compose herself. “Look at me, Simon.”
He raised his eyes and once more she was struck by how much he resembled their father. “I love you, Simon, and you’re the only family I have left. We take care of each other.”
“You didn’t answer the question.”
A grin tugged at the corner of her mouth. “You don’t let me get away with anything, do you?’
He regarded her steadily without replying.
“Okay. The truth is, I’m single because I haven’t found the right man.”
“Maybe if you didn’t work so much…” His voice trailed off.
She ignored the comment. “But I can assure you of one thing. Even if I do find mister right and get married, I won’t leave you. We’re a team, you and I.” She gave him a sly look. “That is, unless you fall in love with one of the girls I’ve seen you checking out at the mall.”
He blushed. “That’s not going to happen.”
“I’m just sayin’” she said, using one of his favorite expressions. “Come to think of it, you and Randy haven’t been to the mall in a while.”
He gave his head a quick shake. “It’s so crowded these days with all the Christmas stuff going on.”
“That’s true,” she said, glancing at the busy schedule she’d called up on her iPad. “The non-stop Christmas music is what gets me down, but people are in such a good mood. At least you can leave if it bothers you. We have a new Santa this year. I don’t know where Jill found him, but the kids really seem to like him. Jill’s the –”
“I know who Jill is. She works in the administration office. You told me once.”
Paige should have known that he’d remember; his memory was incredible. “Well,” she said, rising and reaching for her coat. “I should get going. Mindy and I worked late last night to prepare for all the pick-ups today. When I opened the deli four years ago I would never have dreamed we’d do this many meat and cheese platters over the Christmas season. Not that I’m complaining, of course.”
“I’ve heard people talking about you when I was in the Food Court. I mean, talking about the Deli.”
She turned back. “You never told me that. What did they say?”
He tilted his head. “They talked about the great personal service and about how you always had free samples available.” A small frown furrowed his brow. “Not that they were free-loaders or anything. They said that the samples helped them to decide what to buy and that you always had varieties of cheese that weren’t available in the chain grocery stores.” A broad smile transformed his face. “I was tempted to say ‘hey, that’s my sister’, but of course I didn’t.” He paused. “I wanted to, though.”
Paige’s heart swelled with love for her brother. “Thank you, Simon. That means a lot.” She looked down at the model he’d spread out on the dining room table. “Is Randy coming over today?”
“Yeah, probably.” He zeroed in on a piece of plastic. “There you are,” he said, picking it up and studying it intently. “I was wondering where you’d got to.”
Paige smiled, knowing that his focus had shifted. “See you tonight,” she said, heading for the door leading to the garage. Not surprisingly, he didn’t reply.


Chapter Two
Paige parked near the drug store entrance and noticed Mindy’s car a few spaces down. The young woman had been her second-in-command for over two years now and she was lucky to have found her. Of course she treated her well. While in high school, Paige had worked in a few food service establishments around town and was constantly surprised at the lack of respect shown to young workers. Even then, she’d had hopes of owning her own business someday and vowed never to repeat that mistake As a result, all of her employees were happy and loyal.
The sky was grey and as she stepped out of the car, fine snowflakes swirled in the cold air. It looked as though a white Christmas might be in the cards after all. At the entrance to the mall she took a deep breath, preparing herself for the onslaught of sound on the other side of the door. She hadn’t exaggerated when she told Simon that the Christmas carols got her down. Maybe today Jill would have cued up some new music. One could always hope she thought, stepping in front of the sensor that activated the automatic door.

* * *

“Hi Boss.” Mindy was finishing up with a customer. “Mrs. Henderson here was just saying she likes our decorations.”
“Thanks,” said Paige, noting that one of the bulbs had blown out. “Mindy designed it this year.” She smiled at her assistant. “She did most of the work, too.”
“Well it’s lovely, dear.” The woman took her package which Mindy had placed in the Deli’s distinctive black and white striped bag. “I’ll be back once more before Christmas but if I don’t see you, Happy Holidays.”
“Same to you, Mrs. Henderson.” She turned to Mindy. “People like her are what makes this job worthwhile.”
“I know what you mean.” The young woman returned the block of cheese to the display case. “It’s been busy this morning, but since there isn’t anyone waiting maybe we could go over the schedule for the next few days.” She called up the computer program and they went over their commitments for the balance of the week, confirming that they had enough product to fill all the orders. If not, it was too late; Paige had quickly learned that she needed to start ordering Christmas supplies in late summer or early fall. Mindy tapped the screen. “And then there’s the Donovan employee party on Friday night. They’ve ordered a lot of food. Thank goodness for Prija and Lawana.” The sisters from Thailand worked at a small family restaurant, and had supplied delicious Thai treats for previous parties the Deli had catered. “Between what we make and what they provide, we’ll have plenty.” She sent Paige a quick look. “Is Prija going to help serve or is Brenda going to give it a try?”
Paige shook her head. “Brenda just doesn’t feel comfortable around people who are drinking, and anyway she’s volunteered to stay late here and close up so we can go to the location and be set up for eight o’clock. Prija says she’s happy to help serve if you pick her up.”
“Sounds good but what about the restaurant? Won’t she be leaving them short?”
“I asked the same thing and evidently they have a lot of family who can help.” Paige smiled. “I didn’t have to ask her twice; I think she’s keen to see the penthouse.” The owner of Donovan Hi-Tech had purchased the top two floors of a new building overlooking the harbor, igniting rampant speculation and rumours.
Mindy rolled her eyes. “She’s not the only one. I mean, RL Donovan is not only drop dead handsome, but he’s always being mentioned as Nanaimo’s most eligible bachelor.”
“You’ve seen him?”
A flush rose in Mindy’s cheeks. “No, but all my single friends talk about him. Married ones too, come to think of it. For such a successful businessman, he keeps to himself.” The elusive Donovan owned RL Donovan Hi-Tech Services, based in a sprawling new facility on the North end of town.
Paige shrugged. “I’m just interested in doing a good job so when I make my proposal about running his cafeteria next week I can remind him that we catered his party.”
Mindy’s smile faded. “Remember Ilyana?”
“Yes, of course. She helped me open this place. I was sorry when she left to have her first baby.”
“Well…” Mindy couldn’t meet her eyes. “I’ve heard she’s going to be making a presentation as well.”
“For the cafeteria?” Paige thought back to the young woman who had done such an excellent job of helping to establish the Deli. Ilyana would do a great job running the cafeteria for Donovan and for the first time since hearing about the opportunity, doubt started to creep in. “She’s certainly qualified,” she said, speaking slowly, “but how can she manage? I hear she now has two young children and no family to help her out.” The young woman’s husband had died, and her family, who hadn’t wanted her to marry outside of their religion, adamantly refused to give any assistance – financial or otherwise.
“Apparently that’s why she wants the job. Donovan only has a couple of hundred employees, but they have a full-time daycare center. It would be perfect for her…you know… to get her back on her feet.”
Paige nodded. “I can see how that would be ideal for her.” A woman approached the counter and she forced a smile. “Good morning, can I help you?”
It wasn’t until much later in the day that they had a free moment to finish going over the schedule. “So just to recap about Friday night,” said Mindy. “They’ve hired someone to handle the bar service, and I noticed in the notes that they want to use their own clean-up crew.” She wrinkled her nose. “Not that I mind. Marko and I are going out after. A friend of his is having a party and apparently they’ll be going late.”
“You won’t forget Prija, will you?”
Mindy groaned. “No, Mom, I won’t forget her.”
“Okay, then.” She gave her assistant a sideways glance. “He’s really handsome, you say?”
“I thought you didn’t care.”
“Not really, but let’s face it, the penthouse sounds fabulous. As to the owner… well, I’m sure he’ll have women falling all over him.”
“You’re not even a teensy bit interested?”
“Now you sound like Simon. He asked me today if I was ever going to get married.”
“Huh. What did you say?”
Paige’s expression softened. “I think I managed to wiggle out of that one without really responding.”
“We’ll see about that. He never forgets anything.” Mindy turned back to the computer. “Speaking of which, I want to go over the checklist for Friday night one last time.”


Chapter Three
“Don’t we look professional!” Paige grinned at Mindy and Prija. For catered events, the staff wore tailored white shirts, black slacks and long, European-style aprons in a black and white stripe. She’d also worked the black and white theme into the Deli’s paper bags as well as the distinctive awning that made her shop stand out in the busy mall.
Mindy glanced at her watch. “Our instructions were to start offering the hors d’oeuvres at eight, but I just peeked and the crowd is already fairly large. What do you think we should do?”
Paige looked down at the trays of tempting finger food. “Since we’re ready, I’ll see if I can find Olivia. She’s the one I coordinated with when we set this up. Maybe she can – oh, here she is now.”
A tall, blonde woman appeared in the doorway, her elegant figure sheathed in a dress of shimmering silver fabric. It was hard not to be envious, but RL’s Human Resources manager had been nothing but gracious when Paige had coordinated the details with her.
“Hello, Paige.” The woman’s eyes were a startling green. Her gaze took in the three women in their outfits and she nodded her approval. “Very nice. Very professional.” She glanced over her shoulder. “I just told the bartenders to start pouring, so any time you’d like to serve, please go ahead.” She chuckled softly. “Our employees are mostly geeks, but trust me, they can drink right along with the best of them.”
“Aha,” said Paige. “That’s why you ordered so much food.”
“We’ll see if it helps.” Olivia’s cool gaze slid over the waiting trays. “Although I doubt it. RL instructed me to give everyone taxi vouchers to get here, and to go home, so if they over-indulge we don’t have to worry.”
“He sounds like a good employer.”
An enigmatic smile touched her lips. “He has his moments.” For a moment Paige thought she was going to say something else, but she merely gestured to the food. “It all looks wonderful. If I don’t see you later, thanks again.” She handed Paige an envelope. “Here’s your payment. I added a bit for the servers.”
Paige opened a kitchen drawer and tucked the envelope into her purse. “That’s very generous, thanks.” She turned to Mindy and Prija. “Well ladies, let’s get this show on the road.”

* * *

Prija ran into the kitchen giggling, a hand over her mouth. “They’re all hitting on me,” she said, exchanging her tray for a full one. She turned to Mindy, who had followed her. “The one with the eyeglasses that light up asked me to marry him.”
“You mean the one who likes sushi?”
“Yes, him.”
“Then we have a problem.” Mindy struggled to keep a straight face. “Because he asked me, too.”
Prija giggled. “Maybe we can share him.” She turned to Paige. “What do you think?”
Paige shook her head. “I think you’re both having far too much fun.” She smiled to soften the remark. “It’s almost time for the party to wind up. Is anyone leaving yet?”
“A few.” Mindy made a face. “The sober ones. Olivia is busy calling cabs.” She paused. “Do you think she’s RL’s girlfriend?”
Paige frowned. “I don’t know. Have you seen them together?”
“I haven’t seen him at all. I heard some of the employees talking; it sounded like he got tied up and couldn’t make it to his own party. Shall I make one more round with the hors d’oeuvres? Might as well get rid of them.”
“Sure,” said Paige absent-mindedly. “I hope everything is okay with Donovan.”
Mindy looked around. “Look at this place. How could things not be okay?” She held up a hand to forestall a comment from Paige. “But seriously, they seemed to think it was something to do with work. Apparently they do business all over the world and he was talking to someone in Malaysia.” She turned to Prija. “Come on Twinkletoes. Isn’t that what the big guy with the suspenders called you? Let’s make one more round.”

* * *

By the time the last guest departed, Paige was alone. Mindy had left with Prija, eager to meet Marko, who’d called to say he was waiting downstairs by her vehicle. Now that the rush was over, she acknowledged that she was tired. Keeping the serving trays full had kept her busy. She’d thought the amount of food ordered was excessive, but Olivia had been right; the guests had devoured everything. She’d placed the rinsed serving trays in the special bag she’d had made to carry them and checked once more to ensure that she’d left the kitchen in pristine shape. Olivia had left with one of the woman who’d had too much to drink, assuring Paige that the front door would lock automatically when she went out.
Glancing toward the great room she hesitated. The clean-up crew would be here soon but if she didn’t check it out now, Dana would never forgive her. Her best friend worked as an interior decorator and was expecting a full report. “Okay, I’ll do it for Dana,” she said out loud, knowing full well she was as curious as everyone else to see what the penthouse was all about.
Entering the room, she gasped aloud. The entire front wall was floor-to-ceiling glass windows overlooking the harbor. She walked up to them and stood for a moment, taking in the peaceful scene. The balcony was partly covered, but beyond the overhang large snowflakes drifted down, turning the scenery into something resembling an impressionist painting. In the reflection of the window, the glow from the fireplace caught her eye and she moved over to stand in front of it. The soft crackling sound fooled her for a moment, until she realized that it was an incredibly realistic gas fired unit. She soaked in the warmth for a few moments and felt her muscles relax. Then she turned to survey the rest of the room. The furnishings looked like something she might choose. Although it had been re-arranged for the party she could see the bones of the room – several conversational groupings interspersed with strategically placed side tables and plants. Subdued lighting gave it an intimate feel and she smiled, recognizing the fact that in selecting the furnishings, the owner hadn’t been hoping for a spread in Architectural Digest, but instead chose comfortable items that suited his lifestyle. An eclectic selection of artwork hung on the walls, illuminated by ceiling-mounted lighting. She was taking note of the blend of colors for her report to Dana when a voice startled her.
“Would you look at this?”
She turned to see a man holding an Ebi-fry prawn, dangling it by the tail. He was standing beside a large plant, looking down into the pot. “I don’t even want to think about how this would smell in a few days if I hadn’t noticed it.” He looked around for a place to put it and Paige came forward. “I’ll get rid of that,” she said, taking it from him and checking the pot for more discarded food. “You must be the first of the clean-up crew.” She felt a flush creep up her neck. “I’m with the catering firm, but I was stuck in the kitchen all evening and I confess I came out to look around.” Her voice softened. “It’s certainly a beautiful place. Not at all what I would have thought.”
“Oh?” he said, looking around curiously. “What did you expect?”
“I don’t know, but it’s… it has class. And it’s comfortable. Somehow I thought it would be more of a showpiece.” She’d been walking to the kitchen with the discarded prawn, but turned. “Forget what I just said. The décor of this place is absolutely none of my business.”
He followed her into the kitchen. “Okay, but I happen to agree with you. I could be quite happy living here.”
“Who wouldn’t?” She put the prawn in the garbage disposal, turned it on and then ran some water in the sink. The man lounged casually against the counter, surveying the kitchen. “Looks like they ate everything,” he said with a wry smile. “I thought maybe I’d score some leftovers.”
“Aha,” she said, meeting his smile with one of her own. “That’s why you came early.”
“A guy can always hope. Actually, the cleaning crew is coming in the morning. I stopped by to see how bad it is.”
“What’s the verdict?”
“Not bad,” he said. “Not bad at all.” He pushed away from the counter. “Wanna check out the balcony? There’s a propane patio heater out there and I’m dying to see if it works.” He strode over to a side door she hadn’t noticed and stepped outside, triggering soft lighting that must be hidden in the exterior walls. A tall thin pyramid-shaped propane heater stood unobtrusively behind a grouping of chairs; he found the switch then turned back to her, grinning as it came on. “It’s great,” he said, his delight obvious. “Whoever thought of this should get a gold star.” He appeared to look at her for the first time. “You look tired. I’ll bet I can find us a cup of coffee somewhere in that kitchen. Why don’t we have a coffee out here and enjoy the solitude?”
“You’re kidding, right?” She took a few steps closer. It did look inviting. “This is someone’s private home. We can’t just sit out here like we belong.”
“Why not? You worked here tonight and I’m… well, I’m a bit early.” He cocked his head and there was a challenge in his eyes. “Come on, what do you say? So what if the guy comes home… what’s he going to do? Ask us to leave?”
“I don’t even know you,” she said, studying him. Dark stubble on his cheeks lent him a rakish air, but he was well dressed. Well-spoken too, come to think of it. She thought of the last man she’d dated; he could scarcely string two sentences together. “Why should I want to have coffee with you anyway?”
He grinned and her heart did a quick little tap dance in her chest. “Because you think I’m a bit dangerous and you haven’t done anything exciting in a long time. Come on, I dare you.”
His challenge brought her up short. “Okay Cowboy. What’s your name?” she asked.
“Jake.” What’s yours?
“Paige Baxter. And you’re right. I haven’t colored outside the lines for a long time.” She turned and headed for the kitchen. “I saw a single-serving Keurig in the cupboard. I can make a couple of cups of coffee in no time.” She glanced back at him. “Do you have a jacket?”
He tilted his head toward the living room. “I tossed it on one of the chairs when I came in.”
“Good,” she said, turning her back to him so he wouldn’t see her smile. “Wait for me outside, Jake.”
“Black with one sugar,” he called after her. “In case you were wondering.”


Chapter Four
“These are the best mugs,” she said a few minutes later, handing him his coffee and then settling into one of the large padded deck chairs. “I’m always looking for mugs like this with decent sized handles.” She shot him a quick look. “Functional and esthetically pleasing at the same time.”
“You should have been a designer,” he said idly, but he was checking out the outside space with a satisfied smile on his face. “It’s nice out here, isn’t it?”
“Yes, but I still don’t know what I’m going to say if the owner comes home.” She sighed. “I have an appointment to see him next week that’s going to be awkward. If he finds me here, who knows what he’ll think.”
He sat up and turned toward her. “Do you feel like talking about it?”
“Not really.” She lifted her mug, then lowered it. “Actually, I do.”
“Great. I love a good story.”
“Easy for you to say,” she said, her expression grim as she gathered her thoughts.
“I guess you know who owns this place,” she said, waving a hand.
He nodded.
“And you know that he owns a new facility at the north end of town.”
Another nod.
“Well, I’m the owner of the Deli in the mall, and I’m doing a presentation to him to operate the cafeteria in his plant.” She made a face. “I guess that’s what you’d call it. I think they assemble electronics. Does that make it a plant?”
“Close enough.”
“But something has come up.” She glanced over at him. “I’m assuming you own the cleaning business, so as a business owner you’ll understand how hard this is. I’m going to tell him I’m withdrawing my proposal.”
He raised an eyebrow. “The proposal to run the cafeteria.”
“Yes.” She shifted uncomfortably in her chair. “The thing is, we live in a small town – sorry, you know that – and I’m afraid that people will talk and say I’m unreliable. I don’t want to ruin my reputation by backing out, but I don’t see any way out of the dilemma.”
“Which is?”
She watched the falling snow for a moment, then turned back to him. “I just found out the other day that a young woman I know is also making a proposal.”
“You’re not afraid of the competition, are you?”
“No, it’s not that.” She stared into her coffee mug. “Ilyana has had a hard time of it. Her family disowned her when she married a Canadian instead of the man they’d picked out for her. Then her husband died while she was pregnant with their second child.” She raised her eyes to look at him. “The family still doesn’t support her and she’s having a hard time making ends meet. The thing is, Donovan’s company treats their employees well, and one of the perks of working there is a super affordable child care center where she can leave her kids during the day.” She leaned slightly toward him. “So you see, she really needs to get the contract, and I know she’d do a great job for him. If I’m out of the running, she has a much better chance.” She searched his face for some clue as to his thoughts. “What do you think? Does that sound flaky?”
“Not at all. It sounds like the actions of a caring, compassionate woman.” He paused and took a swallow of coffee. “Have you thought about how you’re going to get out of this? You can’t exactly tell Donovan her story without sounding like you’re pushing her at him. He’ll need to make up his own mind.”
She nodded thoughtfully. “You’re right. Any suggestions?”
“I said I’d listen to your problem. I didn’t say I’d solve it.”
“Thanks a lot.”
“Seriously, though. It’s a good thing you’re doing. You’ll think of just the right thing to say, I’m confident of it.”
“I hope so.” She picked up her mug and cradled it in her hands, absorbing the remaining warmth. “I understand what it’s like to have responsibilities.”
“Is that a segue to another story?”
She placed her mug carefully on the table that sat between them. “If I hadn’t made the coffee myself I’d think there was some sort of truth serum in there. I haven’t talked this much in a long time.”
His expression grew serious. “You need better friends.”
“Don’t let Dana hear you say that. She’d be insulted.” She let her head fall back “But the truth is, I don’t always tell her what’s on my mind. If something’s really bothering me she’s always super supportive, but we both have busy careers so we try to keep it light when we’re together.”
“Sounds like me and Damian.”
“Your BFF?”
“Don’t make it sound all girly. But yes, Damian and I have been buds since high school. He owns a motorcycle repair shop down near Cassidy.”
Paige nodded. “I think I know it. It’s on the highway, right?”
“That’s the one.”
“So is he a typical biker?”
“And what does that look like?”
“I don’t know. Leather jackets, tattoos, speaks in words of one syllable or less. That sort of thing.”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Yes, I’m kidding. He’s probably a very nice guy.”
“He is, actually. Would you like to meet him?”
She held up a hand. “No thanks. I’m taking a break from men for a while. The last couple of guys I dated didn’t last long.”
He turned sideways in his chair. “I can’t imagine why. Certainly not because of your looks. You’re very attractive, but you must know that already.”
She lowered her eyes. “Not really, but thank you.” When she looked up he was studying her with an intensity that took her breath away. Had any man ever looked at her that way? Suddenly she couldn’t remember.
She took a deep breath. “The thing is, my father died of prostate cancer just over six years ago. I have a special needs brother and my mother never did cope very well when it came to Simon.” Her voice softened at the mention of her brother. “I don’t know why, because he’s not really that bad, but she left us a couple of years after Dad died.”
Anger flashed in his eyes but he maintained his silence.
“I was nineteen going on twenty and Simon was twelve. When I saw how devastated he was about Mom leaving, I knew I couldn’t do the same, so I’m his primary caretaker.”
He frowned. “That’s quite a financial burden.”
Her thoughts drifted to those days right after her mother had abandoned them without warning. “It was about this time of year,” she said quietly. “I remember looking out at the snow and being nervous about the future, but there was never any doubt in my mind that I’d take care of my brother.” She brought herself back to the present and looked at him with a sad smile. “He thought his mother would always be there for him and yet she left. I couldn’t do that to him as well.”
Jake exhaled slowly.
Paige continued. “There was one little ray of sunshine, if you can call it that. My father must have known that Mom couldn’t hack it when the cancer finally caught up with him, so he had an airtight will set up that left Simon and I well provided for. So he’s been able to stay in the house he grew up in, and that means a lot.”
She looked into her coffee mug. “Want another coffee?”
He shook his head.
“Neither do I.” She got up and pulled her chair around so that she could face him. “I’m getting a crick in my neck,” she said, then sat back down.
“Simon has ASD.”
Jake blinked a few times and frowned.
“It stands for Autism Spectrum Disorder, more commonly called high-functioning autism.”
“Okay,” he said. “I’ve heard of that.”
“He’s incredibly bright about some things,” she said, warming to her subject. “Ever since he was a little boy he’s enjoyed taking things apart and putting them back together again. Recently he’s been working on assembling large models, but that’s only because he’s run out of small electrical devices or electronics. There’s a small repair shop a few blocks from the mall that used to supply me with items they couldn’t repair, like electric beaters, or clocks… things like that. But these days we live in a society where everything is disposable. Nobody gets that sort of thing repaired anymore. I do get a few items from a couple of computer repair shops, but it’s not enough to keep him busy.” She chuckled. “If your remote control isn’t working, bring it by the Deli.”
“He could have a little business going.”
“No, no. He’s not interested in being paid. He just does it because he likes the orderliness of it.” She grinned. “His word, not mine.”
“It’s a good word.” He waited a beat. “Does he go to school?”
“He did, but he’s eighteen now. The school district offers some special needs classes which are excellent and he made a few friends there, one young man especially who’s not quite as high functioning as Simon. Of course their idea of friendship looks nothing like ours. They can go hours working on a project without exchanging more than a few words, but they enjoy each other’s company. Sometimes he and Randy come to the mall and have poutine at the Food Court. That’s their new thing.”
“It’s too bad Simon doesn’t have a man in his life.”
“I know,” she said thoughtfully. “But what can I do?”
“What about Big Brothers?”
“I don’t know.” She turned to him quickly. “Do you think I’m being too protective?”
“I couldn’t say, Paige. I don’t know much about autism.”
“Sorry. That wasn’t fair of me to ask you that.”
“It’s okay. I wish I had some answers for you. It sounds like you’ve done a great job with him.”
She sank back in her chair. “He’s becoming more aware of things around him recently – at least he seems to be more aware of me as an individual.”
Jake raised an eyebrow.
“He asked me the other day if I was going to get married and if not, was it because of him. It broke my heart to hear him ask, but I just told him the truth, that we’re family and that he’ll always be with me.” She looked across at the stranger who had listened so intently. “And that’s mainly why the men in my life don’t last. They want me but not my brother.”
“Then they’re not worth you… or Simon either.”
“Stop, you’ll make me cry.”
He stood up. “You’re an amazing woman, Paige and I’ve kept you up long enough. It’s time to go home to that brother of yours.”
“You’re right.” She gathered their cups. “Sorry for unloading on you, but it felt good to tell someone.”
“No apology necessary.” He opened the door. “I look forward to seeing you again.”
She smiled up at him. “That’s doubtful. I don’t get out much.”
“You sell cheese at the deli, don’t you?”
“Yes, of course.”
“I happen to like cheese.” He waited for her to gather her bags and walked her to the door. “See you around, Paige Baxter.”


Chapter Five
“Where are you?” Jake walked past several motorcycles in various stages of disassembly and stood at the door leading to the paint shop. “Jimmy said you were back here somewhere.”
“What are you doing here?” A disembodied voice came from behind a Norton.
Jake walked around the bike and passed a cup of coffee under Damian’s nose. “It’s Saturday and I come bearing gifts. Besides the cleaning crew is at my place.”
“Put the coffee up there,” said Damian, glancing at the workbench. “I’ll be right with you.”
Jake leaned against the counter and watched his friend for a few minutes; the masking job was almost complete. “Why don’t you advertise the fact that you have the best paint shop on the island?”
Damian made a rude sound. “Unlike you, I don’t care about making money.” His hand stilled. “Okay, that’s not quite right. I do care about making money, but if I advertised, then I’d have to deal with every Tom Dick and Harry who comes through the door. Whereas now I pick and choose my clients.”
“Lucky you, but I’d like to remind you that whereas you have five employees, I have over two hundred. I need to keep them employed and to do that I have to be aggressive about getting business.” He sighed. “Anyway I didn’t come here to argue with you. It’s my first day off in a long time.” He picked up a sketch of the proposed paint job from the counter and a couple of paint samples. “This is slick. What color is that called?”
“The manufacturer calls it aubergine, but I’m calling it burgundy.”
“Either way, it’s going to look amazing with the black and white accents.”
“Thanks.” Damian rose and reached for the coffee. “How did the party go last night?”
“I missed it. One of our parts manufacturers in Malaysia was having trouble understanding the specs on an order so we managed to set up a Skype connection and I went through it with them step-by-step. If we had more skilled workers here on the Island I’d set up my own shop and avoid these long-distance problems. The time difference is a killer.”
Damian nodded thoughtfully. “Couldn’t you recruit them? It would be something to look into. I’ll bet the government would facilitate the immigration process if you needed to go out of the country to find qualified workers.” He watched his friend’s reaction. “But that’s not why you’re here, is it?” He glanced at his watch. “Want to go for a late breakfast? I’m starving.”

* * *

“Steak medium rare and two eggs over easy. Hash browns.” Damian handed the menu back to the server.
“Make that two.” Jake smiled at the server.
Damian growled as she walked away. “She’s too young for you.”
Jake glared at his friend. “Of course she is. What’s gotten into you?”
His friend suddenly found the contents of the sugar dispenser fascinating. “Bianca’s going to take a job in Vancouver.”
“Well that sucks.” Jake stirred some sugar into his coffee. He didn’t usually drink more than one cup a day, but it tasted good this morning. “So it’s over?”
“Pretty much.” Damian raised his head. “I’m not interested in a long-distance relationship.”
“When does she leave?”
“In the New Year, but we agreed to stop seeing each other right away. No point in dragging it out.”
“Sorry, man.”
Damian shrugged. “She was fairly high maintenance anyway. Next time I get involved it’ll be with a woman who knows who she is.” He offered a wry grin. “Remind me about that, would you?”
“Will do.” Jake took a sip of coffee. “I met someone last night.”
His friend gestured for him to continue.
“She thinks I’m in charge of the cleaning crew.”
“Already I don’t like where this is going, but continue.”
“Thank you.” Sarcasm dripped from Jake’s words but Damian looked at him blithely.
“People talk to me differently when they learn I’m RL Donovan.” He put air quotes around his name.
“So who is she?”
“She owns the Deli in the mall. She was catering the finger food for the party and I came in just as she was about to leave.”
“And you pretended to be someone else. Nice.”
“Do you want to hear about this or not?”
The server arrived with their food. Damian picked up his knife and fork and gestured for him to continue.
“I managed to talk her into having a coffee outside. By the way, that propane heater works like a charm.”
Damian paused with a piece of steak part way to his mouth. “I told you it would.”
Jake continued as though his friend hadn’t spoken. “I like her, D. She probably has more compassion in her little finger than all of the women I’ve dated over the past five years combined.”
“That wouldn’t take much. They were dating the reputation, not the man.” He made a face. “The elusive RL Donovan who’s rarely photographed.”
Jake acknowledged with a grim smile. “Which is why I didn’t tell her who I am.”
“So tell me about this woman and let me judge for myself just how compassionate she it.”
“… so she’s going to withdraw her proposal to run the cafeteria,” he said. “In the hopes that I’ll give the contract to this other woman.”
“What does she look like?”
“What difference does that make?”
Damian gave his friend a sly look. “So she’s attractive.” He held up a hand before Jake could object. “That’s not a bad thing; I’m trying to get a sense of what she’s like, that’s all.”
“She has an autistic brother who lives with her.”
“Whoa. Now this is interesting.”
“I thought so too.” Jake relayed Paige’s family history then picked up his utensils. “I’d better eat before it gets cold.”
Damian studied his plate for a few moments before he spoke. “What’s his status?”
Jake swallowed. “She calls it high functioning autism. He sounds like an amazing kid.” He took a few more bites of steak, pushed his plate away and motioned to the server for some more coffee. “I looked it up on the internet after she left last night.”
“You’re really interested in her, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know.” He looked up as the server topped up his coffee. “She’s different than any woman I’ve ever known. I wouldn’t mind getting to know her better. Simon, too.”
“’Simon’,” said Damian. “I’ll bet the kids at the playground gave him a hard time about his name.
“What do you mean?”
“Hello! Simple Simon?” He looked off into the distance. “The kids tried to bully me when I was small because my name was different, but at least I could fight back.” He shook his head. “I’d like to meet this kid.”
“Me, too.”
Damian looked up and chuckled. “She’s going to be pissed when she finds out who you are. You’ll be lucky if she lets you get within a hundred miles of him.” He picked up the check. “When do you see her for that appointment?”
Jake blew out a breath of air. “Tuesday.” He looked across the table. “Do you really think she’s going to be mad?”
Damian let out a bark of laughter. “For a smart guy, you sure can be dense. Let me know how it goes.”


Chapter Six
Paige approached the woman seated at the ultra-modern reception desk. “Good morning, I’m Paige Baxter and I have an appointment with Mr. Donovan at ten o’clock.”
The woman glanced at her computer screen. “Yes, Miss Baxter. I’ll let him know you’re here.”
Paige gestured to Simon who was seated behind her in the reception area. “This is my brother Simon. I hope you don’t mind if he waits while I see Mr. Donovan.”
The woman leaned sideways to look past Paige. “He’s fine there. He seems quite taken with the electronics magazine.”
“Oh yes. He loves anything to do with electronics.”
Rita chuckled. “He’d fit right in here.”
As they spoke, an older woman came toward them. “This is Charlotte,” said Rita. “Mr. Donovan’s secretary.”
The woman had short white hair, brushed dramatically back from her face. As she extended her hand, Paige thought she recognized an Elie Tahari suit.
“Delighted to meet you,” she said graciously. “If you’ll follow me.” The red soles of her shoes flashed as she walked along the pristine corridor. “I understand that you were here last week and checked out the cafeteria.”
Paige nodded.
“It’ll be ready for the New Year. The staff is quite excited.” They were walking through a glassed-in hallway and she glanced outside. “As you know, we’re fairly remote out here so we’re hoping the cafeteria makes up for the lack of nearby restaurants.” She led the way to the end of the hall and opened a door, indicating that Paige should go ahead. “Mr. Donovan is waiting for you.”
A tall man in a suit stood by an expanse of windows, his back to her. He turned and smiled.
“Hello Paige.”
“Jake?” She looked around. “What are you doing here?”
He gestured to a comfortable chair in an informal seating area. “Please, sit.”
She backed up as realization struck. “You’re Donovan?”
He nodded.
“You lied to me!”
“Not true.”
“You said your name was Jake and that you were part of the cleaning crew.”
“Please sit down and have a coffee.”
She shook her head. “Do you actually think that giving me a cup of coffee will make up for lying to me?”
He took a deep breath. “First of all I didn’t lie. My close friends all call me Jake. And I didn’t say I was with the cleaning crew. You made that assumption all by yourself.”
“So now it’s my fault?”
“Just let me ask you one thing.”
She glared at him mutinously. “What?”
“Would you have opened up to me if I’d told you who I am?”
“Maybe.” She couldn’t meet his eyes. “Okay, probably not.”
He gestured again to the seating area. “Please, Paige. Have a coffee with me.”
Her routine had been thrown off this morning when she remembered Simon’s dental appointment at the last minute. “Okay,” she said, knowing that she sounded sulky. “But only because I haven’t had my coffee this morning.”
“No wonder you’re so cranky.” His eyes sparkled. In the bright daylight she could see that they were an interesting shade of grey shot through with blue.
“I should walk out of here now, but you had me at coffee.”
He poured and handed her a cup.
“Your secretary is wearing Louboutins.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Stock options.”
She took a quick sip of coffee and almost burned her mouth. “I’m so far out of my league it’s not funny,” she murmured.
He didn’t respond. “Your friend was here yesterday.”
For a moment she didn’t know what he was talking about.
“Ilyana. She gave a very nice presentation and you’re right. She’ll do a great job of running the cafeteria.”
“You gave her the contract?” Paige smiled widely. “That’s great.” She looked around his office. There was no wall with pictures and certificates touting his importance. Just a quiet, understated elegance that was soothing.
“Am I forgiven?” he asked.
“I’m thinking about it,” she said. “And I guess I can understand where you’re coming from. After all, it can’t be easy being you in a small town.”
“It’s not as hard as you might think. I don’t go out of my way to court publicity.” He grimaced. “There’s enough of that without my co-operation.”
She studied his face. “That’s why I didn’t recognize you, I guess. There aren’t a lot of pictures of you. What do you do here anyway? I mean the company, not you.”
“We assemble electronic systems of all sorts that are used in products across the country.”
Paige thought for a moment. “I thought most of that type of work was done in Asia.”
“You’re right, most of it is. As a matter of fact, many of our individual components are manufactured there. But more and more Canadian companies try to buy locally. The benefits are quality work, faster turn-around, and stable prices. Not only that, but the seller can advertise Made in Canada, which helps with marketing.”
“Why aren’t there more companies like yours?”
“Trust me, there will be. That’s why we also have a small but dedicated group of people working on R&D. We’re always looking for ways to expand.”
“This may be a foolish question, but why don’t you make your own parts?”
“Have you been reading my mind? I’ve been toying with that notion for the past couple of months.”
“I would imagine it’s involved, but is it a possibility?”
A slow grin lifted the corner of his mouth. “Anything’s possible. In this business you have to believe that.”
Paige sighed. “Simon would love this. I had a bit of scheduling conflict this morning so he came with me. The moment he saw the electronics magazines in the lobby he was in seventh heaven.”
“He’s here? I’d like to meet him.”
“You don’t have to say that.”
His expression darkened. “I never say things I don’t mean. Especially when they’re as important as Simon.” He backed off a bit. “But if you don’t want me to meet him, I understand.”
“I’m sorry, Jake. Should I call you Jake?”
He nodded.
“I’m sorry. It’s just that I’ve never met anyone who showed a genuine interest in him.”
He checked his watch. “My next appointment isn’t for another half an hour. Maybe I could give him a quick tour.”
“He’d love that. May I come along?”
He rose. “I was hoping you would.” He paused. “Will he talk very much?”
They walked out past a startled Charlotte.
“He can talk perfectly well,” she said. “It’s just that sometimes he doesn’t.” She motioned behind her. “Shouldn’t you tell your secretary where you’re going?”
He held up his phone. “I’ll text her.”
She had to scurry to keep up with his long strides. Simon was right where she’d left him, engrossed in a magazine.
“I’m back,” she said. “Thanks for waiting.”
It took him a moment to disengage from what he was reading and look up.
“What are you reading?”
His gaze darted to Jake, then back to Paige. “Just some stuff about advancements in technology.” He seemed reluctant to put down the magazine.
“Simon, I’d like you to meet Jake Donovan. This is his company and he’s offered to show you around if you’re interested.”
Jake stuck out his hand. “Hello, Simon. Nice to meet you.”
Simon transferred the magazine to his left hand and stuck out his right. “Hello.”
Jake motioned to the magazine. “Looks like you haven’t finished with that. You can keep it if you like.”
Simon’s face lit up. “Really? Thanks.”
“Would you like to see our production facilities?”
Simon nodded.
Jake led them down a hall in the opposite direction from his office. Double doors led into a large workspace. Jake pointed out the various projects in the shop, speaking mainly to Simon, who took in every detail.
They passed through another set of doors. “Back here we have the larger projects, and the ones that require a controlled environment.”
Simon fixated on a workbench. “That’s an EFI,” he said, waving the magazine in the air. “I was just reading about them.” He turned to Paige. “That’s an electronic fuel injection system.” He looked up at Jake who stood beside him. “Is he setting the air-fuel ratio?”
“Yes, would you like to watch Jeremy work for a while?”
Simon glanced around the workshop. “There’s so much to see and I don’t really understand what he’s doing, but thanks for the offer.” He tapped the magazine against his temple. “I’ll study up on it. Maybe take a look online as well.”
As the tour continued, Simon’s interest grew. “Imagine being able to work in a place like this,” he said, his tone almost reverent. 
They turned a corner and stopped abruptly. One of the technicians had dragged out a vacuum cleaner and was desperately flicking the switch, to no avail. He looked up sheepishly when they appeared. Small metal parts were scattered across the floor, sparkling in the overhead light. “Sorry, RL. I was clumsy.” He went back to the vacuum. “It’s been doing this off and on for the past couple of weeks.”
“Why doesn’t he just pick them up?” asked Paige.
“We can’t take the chance that they might be damaged.” He glanced at the baskets of components on the technician’s workbench and took out his phone. “Charlotte, put a memo on my desk to remind me to look into new containers. The ones we’re using now are unstable.” He listened and pushed back his cuff to check his watch. “Okay, but I might be five minutes late. Please ask him to stand by.” As he spoke, he was watching Simon, who had borrowed a screwdriver from the technician. He had unplugged the vacuum and was removing the housing.
“I don’t think it’s anything serious,” he said. “He said it’s been off and on, so it’s probably a loose electrical connection.” He examined the spot where the power fed into the machine. “The cord is frayed,” he said. “Hand me a sharp knife.” He trimmed the cord and re-attached it. “That should work.” He had the cowling on in moments and plugged in the machine, resulting in a satisfying hum.
“Thank you Simon.”
The young man flushed at the praise, but stuck to Jake’s side as he stepped carefully around the parts on the floor. “Does this sort of thing interest you? Your sister told me you like to take things apart.”
Simon shook his head. “You’d be surprised how often things aren’t assembled properly. When I put them back together they almost always work.”
Jake grinned. “I can see that. Not everyone has that type of skill set.”
“My friend Randy’s pretty good too.”
“What are you working on now?”
“I ran out of projects, so I’m working on a model of a Lancaster.” He spread his arms. “It’s just under three feet long.”
“I’d like to see it some time.” He looked back at Paige. “Maybe your sister will invite me for dinner.”
“Maybe.” He appeared dubious. “She doesn’t have much time for cooking these days. Christmas is coming up, you know.”
“So I’ve heard. Well, maybe someday.” He stuck out his hand. “I have someone waiting for me in my office, but it’s been nice meeting you. Thanks for fixing the vacuum.”
“You’re welcome.” He turned away and smiled at his sister. “Thanks for bringing me here.” He shoved the magazine in his pocket and zipped up his jacket. “Let’s go home.”

* * *

Paige expected Simon to chatter about Jake – or at least about the tour of the plant, but he remained silent on the subject for several days. She came home one evening after a long day at work to find him sitting in the living room, studying the magazine. He’d been reading it off and on as he worked on the model; she wouldn’t be surprised if he had the articles memorized.
“I’m beat!” she said, collapsing into the chair opposite him. “Have you had something to eat?”
He lifted his shoulders in a non-committal shrug. “I had some cereal.”
“I’m sorry, Simon. Next year I’m going to hire two more people at Christmas. We’re all exhausted.”
“Can we invite Jake over for dinner?”
“Where did that come from?”
He looked directly at her. “He said he’d like to see the model. I finished it today.”
She’d been too tired to notice. “I don’t even cook for us these days. Can it wait until after the holidays?”
“We could order in some pizza. Everybody likes pizza. They’ll even deliver salad.”
She rose and headed for the kitchen. “Give me a day to think about it, okay?” She turned back “I’m going to make a grilled cheese sandwich. Want one?”
“Sure.” He followed her into the kitchen and got out the frying pan while she assembled the sandwiches. “Do you like Jake, Paige?”
She looked at him, startled. She could fall for Jake Donovan in a big way, but there was no way she was going to share that with her brother. Who knows what he’d say? Besides, what was the point? Jake must have women falling all over him.
“I don’t really know him very well, but he seems nice enough.”
“Oh,” he said, eyeing her carefully. “I thought maybe you liked him… you know… enough to go on a date.”
She laughed in what she hoped was a convincing fashion. “No, Simon. Not that much. But it’s okay if you like him.” She glanced sideways at him. “Do you?”
“Yes,” he said slowly. “He talks to me like an equal… you know?”
She nodded, recalling the way Simon and Jake’s heads had bent together over the fuel injection assembly. “I know exactly what you mean.”


Chapter Seven
Paige pressed her fingers against her temples. “It’s only eleven and I’ve already got a headache. I’ve never seen it this busy.”
“Don’t look now,” said Mindy, “but there’s something on the other side of the counter that should give you some relief.”
“What are you talking about… oh, hello Jake.” He looked absolutely delicious standing there in a leather bomber jacket, with melting snow in his hair and the morning’s stubble on his cheeks. “What are you doing here?”
“Someone told me this was a deli,” he said. For the first time she noticed a slight dimpling of his right cheek when he smiled.
“Jake Donovan, did you come here to torment me?”
He’d been studying the cheese display but his head came up at her tone. “Give me a minute,” he said, holding up a finger. Then he disappeared in the crowd of shoppers and someone else pressed forward.
“Did you say Donovan?” Mindy muttered under her breath. “As in RL? Why did you call him Jake?
Paige nodded, but didn’t answer the question. “Did I sound rude?”
“Not really. Well, maybe a little but you look really stressed. Maybe he’ll give you a pass.”
“I doubt it,” she said, greeting the next customer by name. “I’m glad you came today, Mrs. Hamilton. We’re almost out of that Brie you like so much.”
She was handing the customer her bag of purchases when Jake reappeared with two cups. “I brought tea for both of you,” he said, placing the cups on the counter. “I wasn’t sure what you like in it, so I brought some of everything.” He dumped creamers, sugar and sugar substitute on the counter, then frowned at Paige. “What time will you get home tonight?”
“I don’t know.” She turned to Mindy.
“The mall closes at eight tonight,” volunteered her assistant. “I’m closing up and shoving her out the door by seven. She’ll be home by seven thirty.”
“Great.” He gave Mindy a thousand-watt smile. “I’m Jake by the way. What’s your name?”
“Mindy. Thanks for the tea.” She nudged Paige.
“Yes, thank you Jake. Sorry if I was rude back there.”
“That’s okay. Listen, I can see you’re swamped so I won’t take up any more of your time, but I wanted to ask you if it’s okay if I visit Simon to see his model.” He waved his phone in the air. “He texted me that it’s finished and I thought I’d pop over to your place after work.”
“He did that?”
Jake looked at his phone. “It’s right here. Want to see it?”
“No, no. I believe you. Okay, I guess.”
“Thanks.” He walked away, then came back. “Don’t bring anything home for dinner. Us guys will probably order a pizza or something. We’ll be sure to leave enough for you.” He grinned again and she didn’t know whether to kiss him or smack him. “See you later.”
Two of their regular customers, active seniors who power-walked in the mall during the winter, huddled in front of the display case. “That was RL Donovan,” one of them said, her tone awe-struck. “He’s even more handsome in person.” She looked at Paige with new respect. “You’re a lucky girl.”
“It’s not what you think,” she stammered, as his tall form was swallowed up by the crowd. She reached for her tea. “At least I don’t think it is,” she said to herself, aware that her pulse had ratcheted up several notches. Mindy was right; her headache was gone.

* * *

“So this is where the tail gunner would have sat,” said Jake, inspecting the model. “This thing was heavily armed.” They’d moved the model to the kitchen table where Jake had gone over every inch of it. “You’ve done a great job.” He turned to the young man. “How long did it take?”
“I don’t know, I didn’t keep track, but I’ve been working on it for about a month.”
Jake whistled. “Good job.” He looked up at the wall clock. “I thought maybe we could order some pizza, like you suggested. Shall we wait for your sister? We could move this back into your room and set the table. Girls are supposed to like that.”
“I should get out a tablecloth. And some candles.”
Jake raised an eyebrow. “Entertain a lot, do you?”
Simon flushed. “I saw it in a movie. We should really have some flowers for the table.”
“Maybe I could talk the delivery service into picking something up for us on the way.” He looked at Simon. “Do you think they’d do that?”
“We could always ask.” Simon’s gaze drifted to the living room. “I’m not even sure if we’ll get a Christmas tree. Paige is so busy I don’t want to bother her. When I was small we used to go and get one from the Christmas tree farm. They cut it down for you right there.”
Jake remembered the last time he’d trudged up and down rows of trees looking for the perfect specimen, and for a moment he couldn’t breathe as a wave of sadness crashed over him.
“Yeah,” he said, forcing a smile. “I remember what that was like.” He turned back to Simon. “Let’s get the table ready then we can decide what we want to order.”

* * *

Paige pulled around an unfamiliar black SUV on the street and parked in the driveway. She should be more enthusiastic about Jake’s visit, but in truth she was too exhausted. She hoped he’d done as promised and left her something to eat. She entered through the garage.
“Hi, I’m home.” She hung up her coat and was greeted by the soothing sounds of an old Hagood Hardy CD. Growing up, her parents had often played it at mealtimes, and the memories it brought back were bittersweet.
Simon met her at the entrance to the kitchen, a glass of red wine in hand. “Here,” he said with a goofy grin. “Jake said you could probably use this.”
She accepted the glass and looked past her brother. A soft peach-colored tablecloth covered the table, but her eyes were drawn to a low arrangement of flowers in shades of green and white, with wine-colored berries for contrast. Simon had found her collection of glass candlesticks, which he’d placed around the arrangement, ready to be lit.
Tears sprang to her eyes. She fought to control them, but lost the battle. “It’s beautiful,” she said, putting down her wine and brushing away the tears with her fingers. “Thank you for waiting for me.”
Simon looked at the wine glass. “You don’t have to drink it if you won’t want. Jake said you might be too tired for wine tonight.” He leaned closer and lowered his voice. “He had it delivered.”
Paige looked into the living room, where Jake stood, hands in his pockets. It was the first time she’d seen him when he wasn’t completely in control. “Thank you Jake,” she said, lifting the glass in salute. “I appreciate this.”
He smiled. “Simon and I weren’t sure if you’d like to sit with a glass of wine, or if you’d like to eat.”
She looked at the table. “I’m actually quite hungry. Could we eat?”
“Hooray.” Simon sprang into action. He placed salad, dressing, and hot garlic bread on the table, and with a flourish, took the pizza out of the oven.
Jake moved to hold the chair at the end of the table and she sat down with a smile of thanks. “The pizza smells delicious,” she said. “It’s a good thing you two waited, or I might have had to settle for salad.”
Jake slid a slice onto her plate. “It wasn’t easy.”
Paige relaxed and enjoyed her meal while listening to the banter between Jake and Simon. They spoke as if they’d been friends for years and she couldn’t help but wonder if she’d held her brother back by not arranging for more of a male influence in his life. She’d have to be careful not to rely on Jake too much. She was in this for the long haul, but Jake had no such commitment. She studied his face in the flickering candlelight, wondering what it would be like to have a man like him in her life. But things like that only happened in those soppy movies she watched, wrapped up in her favorite quilt on the couch. She usually woke up during the night and crawled into bed, but a few times recently she’d still been there in the morning, fully clothed.
“…isn’t that right, Paige?” Simon was looking at her expectantly.
“I’m sorry, I was daydreaming.”
“Daydreaming is good.” Jake rose and gathered their plates. “Had enough?” he asked, indicating the remaining slice of pizza. “If so, I think I know someone who could eat it.”
“I’m fine,” she said, laughing as Simon pounced on the last slice. She picked up the empty box and took it out to the garage. “Thank you, Jake. This is the first family-type dinner we’ve had in ages.” 
“Same here,” he said lightly, rinsing the plates and stacking them in the sink. “Simon’s gone to his bedroom to watch television. How about some coffee, or would you like me to leave?” 
“No,” she said, suddenly breathless. “I’d like you to stay.”
“We made a fire,” he said. “Go sit down and I’ll bring the coffee in a few minutes.”


Chapter Eight
Paige looked at the serving tray as Jake placed it on the coffee table. “Are you sure you weren’t a butler in your former life?” He’d transferred the coffee to a thermal pot and poured some into her best cups. Cream and sugar accompanied the coffee, and he’d produced some chocolate mints.
“I love these,” she said, reaching for one. “How did you know?”
“It was just a guess,” he said, obviously pleased at her response.
He settled in beside her, adjusting the plush cushions behind his back. 
“Put your feet up on the coffee table if you like,” she said. “I’m going to.” She stretched out with a sigh. “This is nice.” She glanced sideways. “Did I say thanks?”
“You did, and you’re more than welcome.” A look of concern crossed his face. “You look tired, Paige. Is everything all right at work?”
She let her head fall back. “It will be when the Christmas rush is over. We took in just shy of seven thousand dollars today. Our biggest day ever. Of course some of that was gift baskets, but still…”
“That’s a lot of sliced meat.”
A small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. “That’s one way of putting it.”
He held out the plate with the mints and she took two. “Is there anyone in the world who doesn’t like these?”
“Actually, my friend Damian doesn’t like the combination, but he’s an odd sort.”
“Your biker friend.”
He nodded. “Speaking of Damian, he called me today. He wants me to check out a bike he thinks I might like.”
“You’re in the market for a bike?”
“I haven’t been actively looking, but he knows what I like. I’m almost afraid to look at it; I might buy it.”
“Not the best time of year for bike riding.”
“That’s true, but I’m guessing it needs work. It won’t hurt to have a look at it.”
A log in the fireplace crackled, sending a shower of sparks up the chimney.
“Tell me about your friend Dana.”
She frowned. “How do you know about Dana?”
“You mentioned her name the first night we met. You said you were both busy with your careers, but you didn’t say what she does.”
Paige smiled at the thought of her friend. “Dana designs interiors.” She paused for a moment, deciding how much to tell him. “She’s working for a firm in town right now but she’s not very happy about the direction the owner is taking.”
“In what way?”
“She doesn’t want to accept the fact that styles are constantly evolving. The truth is that people who use designers rarely have a clear idea of what they want, and Dana believes in spending time with them to get to know them. She often says that a person’s lifestyle should play a major part in their home décor, but Alexandra’s designs all tend to look the same. She buys from the same suppliers all the time; Dana thinks she has a deal with them.”
“No doubt. Why doesn’t she go out on her own?”
“She’d like to but when she mentioned it to Alex, she threatened to spread rumors about her designs.”
“She’s afraid of the competition.”
“Exactly. The thing is, Dana was up front when she joined the firm three years ago. She told Alex that her goal was to set up her own company, so it’s not as if she’s been dishonest or anything like that.”
“Do you really think she’d go as far as to harm your friend’s reputation?” His expression was grim.
“I think so. Dana has been collecting endorsements from people she’s worked with, but that was while she’s been working with Alex, so it might not be quite kosher to use them.” She shot him a quick look. “I don’t know the legalities of that type of thing.”
He set down his cup and saucer and turned sideways on the couch. “It would be easy enough to find out, but I’m wondering if there’s another way.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“What if I got her to take a look at my place?”
Paige gave a short laugh. “It looked pretty nice to me.”
“It is, but I’ve been wondering if it needs… I don’t know… more of a theme. It wasn’t put together by a designer; I relied a lot on advice from a woman at a furniture store in Vancouver and the result is what you saw.” He reached for a chocolate, and she could almost see the ideas forming in his head. “I’ve had a lot of requests to photograph the place, so if Dana did her magic, she could appear in the spread and then use it in her advertising.”
She looked at him, uncomprehending. “You’d do that for someone you don’t even know?”
He shrugged. “You vouch for her, don’t you?”
“Yes, but you don’t really know me.”
He gazed into her eyes. “I know you a lot better than you might think, Paige Baxter.” He reached out and touched a lock of her hair, then withdrew his hand. “When can I meet her?”
His touch sent desire zinging through her veins. She wasn’t sure she could form words, but somehow she managed. “She’s in Vancouver right now. Actually, she’s attending a trade show and making contacts with suppliers.”
“Excellent, although I’ve just had another idea. Maybe she could decorate my place for Christmas. I can meet her then and see what she thinks. She might not want to tackle it.”
“Your place was decorated for your staff party.”
“Yes, but that was all flashing lights and sparkles. I had them take it down the next day. I was thinking just a few tasteful pieces in the classic tradition. I work in that steel and glass building every day, and even though my place is up in the sky there’s no reason it can’t be down-to-earth.” He grinned. “Does that make sense?”
“It makes perfect sense. I can’t speak for Dana of course but I think she’ll be delighted to work with you.”
“Excellent. Speaking of Christmas, Simon mentioned going to get a Christmas tree. I know you’re too busy right now, but would you mind if I take him to the tree farm? He says he remembers going there when he was small.”
She turned to him. “Does he? I should have known he’d remember, even if he’s never spoken of it. Did you tell him you’d take him?”
He pulled back and she could tell she’d insulted him. “No,” he said after a moment. “I wouldn’t do that without checking with you first.”
She acknowledged his apology with a brief smile. “That came out wrong. I didn’t intend to insult you. It’s just that…” Her voice trailed off
“I understand,” he said. “You’re trying to protect him and I respect you for that.”
Her gaze drifted around the room then came back to rest on him. “Why this interest in Simon? Help me to understand.”
A shadow passed over his eyes and he drew in a long, slow breath. “It’s complicated,” he said, “but you have every right to ask.”
She watched carefully as he put his thoughts into words. He spoke hesitantly at first. “Simon’s a good kid and he’s very bright, but I guess you know that. I don’t know how to say this without offending you but he needs a mentor... someone like me.”
“I agree. I can see the difference in him already.”
He kept speaking as though he hadn’t heard. “At first I wasn’t sure why I found myself wanting to spend time with him, but then tonight he mentioned the Christmas tree farm and it all came back to me.” He sat up and stared into the fire. “Not that I’ve ever forgotten.” He looked down at his hands as though they held the answer to what was troubling him. 
“I had a brother. Mattie was two years younger than me, and of course he looked up to me like most younger brothers. My parents both worked and I watched out for him most days after school.” His face softened at the remembrance. “He was a good kid, too… just like Simon. One day after school we made the trek out to the Christmas tree place. It was only a couple of miles up the road, but there was slush on the road and it was cold and wet. We walked up and down the rows of trees for what seemed like hours, our tag clutched in our hands. Back then they had a system where if you couldn’t pick up the tree right away, they’d give you a tag to put on the tree to mark it as sold until you could come and take it away.” He closed his eyes for a moment. “I can still see the ends of the tag fluttering in the breeze as we walked away. Anyway, Mattie started to cough on the way home and by the time we got home, he had a real fever. Mom and Dad took him to the doctor right away and he spent a few nights in the hospital. He died three months later and for years afterward, I was convinced it was my fault.”
He turned to her with a sad smile. “My Mom and Dad are good people, but they were so busy worrying about Mattie they didn’t think to explain that his illness had nothing to do with getting a cold. It was only when they took him to the doctor that they discovered he had a heart valve problem. The doctors kept him alive as long as they could but he died before they could find a donor.” The fireplace cast flickering shadows on his grief-stricken face. “We never did go back to pick up that tree.”
“I’m so sorry, Jake.”
“So am I,” he said. “So am I. As a result of that experience, I’ve been protective of people when I see I can make a difference.”
“Like you’re doing for Dana?”
“I hadn’t thought of it that way, but you’re probably right.”
It was a few moments before either of them spoke again.
“But…” Paige wasn’t quite sure how to word it, so she plunged ahead. “Won’t taking Simon to the tree farm bring back a lot of sad memories?”
“It might. But I think it’s time.” He forced a smile. “What do they call it these days? Closure?”
“That’s the expression, over-used as it is. Thanks for offering to take him. He’ll enjoy that.” She reached for her quilt. “Would you hand me that quilt? My feet are cold.”
He draped the quilt over her, one hand lingering on her foot. “I’ll go and make a date with Simon, then I think I’ll leave.” He paused and turned back to her. “Thanks for listening.”

* * *

Paige was asleep when he came back from arranging things with Simon. He looked down at her and smiled. Two weeks ago he never would have dreamed that he’d be interested in someone like Paige Baxter. And yet here he was, courting her and her brother at the same time.
Leaning over, he brushed his lips against hers. She smelled of chocolate, plus some scent that was uniquely her own. At the moment, he couldn’t think of a place he’d rather be.


Chapter Nine
“Where are we going? The Christmas tree farm is in the other direction.”
Jake looked across at Simon. “I hope you don’t mind but I’d like to visit my friend’s shop. He has a motorcycle he wants me to look at.”
“Okay.” Simon’s attention was focused on the small businesses that stood alongside the road. “This area used to be empty land,” he said, apropos of nothing. “And now look at it.”
“You’re right; the town seems to be spreading in all directions.” Jake slowed and turned into the parking area in front of Damian’s shop.
“Wow.” Simon’s eyes lit up as he climbed down. “Can I look around?”
“Come on, I’ll introduce you to Damian.” Jake introduced Simon to a couple of the mechanics then led him to the rear of the shop.
“You made it.” Damian stepped out of the paint shop, pulling down his mask and turning to Simon. “You must be Simon,” he said, sticking out his hand. “I’m Damian.”
Simon had been examining a Triumph that was in parts. “Hi,” he said, trying not to stare at the tattoo on Damian’s forearm. “This is cool. What’s it like working in a place like this every day?”
“Hot in the summer and cold in the winter.” Damian ripped off the mask and tossed it in the 45-gallon drum that served as a garbage container. “But I can’t think of anywhere I’d rather be.” He hiked his head. “Come on, I’ll show you the bike I think old Jake here might like.” He looked over his shoulder at Jake. “You can come too.”
“It’s a Triumph Bonneville,” said Damian, running a hand over the rear fender. “Have you ever seen The Great Escape with Steve McQueen?”
Simon shook his head.
“It’s a classic. This is the model McQueen rides in the movie. You should rent it some time. This one needs some general maintenance and I’d recommend a paint job, but I like it for Jake.”
“It’s beautiful.” Simon closed his hand around the handlebar grip.
Jake waited a few moments while Simon admired the bike. “Hey, do I get a say in this?” he laid a hand on the young man’s shoulder.
Simon grinned. “What color would you get it painted?”
Jake pretended to study the bike. “Not sure. Damian is the expert but I’m open to suggestions.”
“Black,” said Simon and Damian at the same time. “Trimmed out in off-white,” added Damian. “Classic.”
Jake laughed and looked from Damian to Simon. “Do I have a choice?” Simon edged a bit closer to Damian. “I guess not. Okay, I’ll give it some serious consideration.”

* * *

“Have you owned a bike before?” Simon had been silent for most of the drive to the tree farm.
“It’s been a few years, but yes. Since the business took off, I haven’t had much time, but there’s something exhilarating about getting out on the open road.” He paused for a moment. “I have no idea why they call it the open road, but I like the way it sounds. If I buy that bike, would you like to go for a ride in the spring?” He turned off onto a slushy secondary road. “I confess to being a fair weather rider.”
Simon had been looking out the window. “Why are you being nice to me?” he asked, turning to face Jake. “Are you being nice to me so Paige will like you?”
The sign for the tree farm was visible up ahead and Jake waited until he’d pulled into the parking lot before answering. Unbuckling his seatbelt, he turned part way in his seat. “I like your sister but that’s not why I asked you if you wanted to get a tree.” His gaze moved beyond the windshield to the rows of trees. “I had a younger brother who died. This was the last place Mattie and I came together and I haven’t been back since. When you mentioned getting a tree, I decided it was time for me to move forward.” He shifted his focus to Simon. “So there’s that, plus I know your sister is too busy to bring you out here.” He looked up at the darkening sky. “Shall we do it? It’ll be dark soon.”
They were given a walkie-talkie and when they’d made their selection, called for someone to cut it down.
“Nice choice,” said the owner, making quick work of it with his chainsaw. “Shall I trim it up a bit?”
Jake deferred to Simon. “A bit,” he said. “But not too much.”
Just as the owner finished lashing the tree to the roof rack it started to snow again. Large, heavy flakes soon coated the roads.
“Do you have everything you need?” asked Jake. “Tree stand and all that?”
“I dug it all out before you picked me up. Randy’s going to come over and give me a hand getting it in the stand.”
Jake nodded. “Then you’re all set. Now I’m wondering if I should get one for myself. Dana is going to decorate my place for Christmas and she’ll probably want a tree.”
“Aunt Dana?”
Jake gave him a sharp look. “She’s your aunt?”
“No, but I’ve always called her Aunt Dana.” He fell silent for a moment. “I’m sorry about your brother, Jake. That sucks.”
“Thanks, Simon.” They pulled up to the intersection on the highway. “What time does your sister get off today? Maybe we should stop by and take her to dinner. It doesn’t have to be anywhere fancy.”
Simon checked his watch. “Wow, it’s six o’clock already. The mall closes at six tonight. She should be closing up by now; we could stop by and see what she says.”

* * *

“Hello you two.” Paige had already counted her cash and was relieved that they weren’t actual customers. She directed her question at Simon. “What have you been up to?”
“We got a tree, and we’d like to take you out to dinner.”
She sent a quick smile of thanks in Jake’s direction then turned back to her brother. “You don’t have to ask me twice. Did you check to see if we have extra bulbs for the Christmas lights?”
“There are a few, but I should probably get more.”
“Try the drug store,” she said. “I’ll just be a few more minutes.”
“Would you tell Simon I’m over there?” Jake pointed to the Food Court. “It’s almost empty, so I’ll grab a chair.”
Paige nodded. She was concentrating on closing for the night.

* * *

As Jake sat down his attention was drawn to a crying child sitting on Santa’s lap. “Now there’s a job I wouldn’t like to try,” he murmured to himself. The man in the red suit looked like he’d had a long day, but he spoke softly to the child, who quieted almost immediately, then reached for his beard. Two more children waited in line with their parents, and the attending elf moved the sign across the entrance to the enclosure, indicating that Santa visits were over for today. Jake noted the hours: the entire production would start over again at ten in the morning.
He studied the Santa, wondering just what sort of person would do this task. He didn’t look desperate for money, as a matter of fact from what Jake could sense he appeared to be well groomed and confident. He must remember to ask Paige what she knew about him. A woman wearing a Santa hat moved quietly around the Food Court, wiping down the tabletops and the seats. From time to time she stopped to watch the Santa, her lips curved in a gentle smile. As the child got down and Santa straightened his outfit in preparation for the next child, they exchanged glances and he noticed a distinct softening in the woman’s body language.  He’d love to know the story behind that, but right now – “Hi, Jake.” Simon sat down and dropped his shopping bag on the table. “We won’t run out of lights now.” The bag opened.
“Those are all yellow lights,” said Jake. The moment the words were out of his mouth he wished he could take them back.
Simon’s gaze skittered away and he fell silent. After a moment he gathered his courage and turned back to Jake. “When I was small, I’d get upset because the colors weren’t evenly spaced out.” He closed his eyes and shook his head, as though being assaulted by an unpleasant memory. “When I finally talked to my Dad about it, he explained that it was bothering me because my brain works differently than most people; I see patterns in just about everything.” He picked up one of the packages of lights and smiled at the memory. “He was good like that. It was his idea to have one color of lights on the tree.” He glanced over at the tree in the Santa enclosure. “It doesn’t bother me nearly as much now that I’m older but every once in a while I’ll see too many lights of one color clustered together and want to re-arrange them.”
“Me,” said Jake, “I don’t like the blinking lights. They drive me crazy.”
Simon grinned. “Me, too. And our tree really does look nice with one color.”
“Your Dad sounds like a wise man.”
“He was.” Simon tightened his grip on the bag. “What about your father?”
“He’s a good man too. My Mom was from Santa Fe New Mexico and they retired down there a few years ago.”
“Santa Fe is the capital of New Mexico. Albuquerque is much larger, but the capital is Santa Fe.”
Jake smiled. “I’ll bet you did well in geography.”
The young man shrugged, but was pleased at the compliment. “I remember things.”
“You sure do.” He looked up. “Here’s your sister now.”


Chapter Ten
“I’m glad we came here.” Simon glanced at the menu, then closed it. “I already know what I’m going to have. Burger and fries.”
Paige nodded. “Sounds good but I like the look of the veal cutlets with mashed potatoes.” She pointed to the picture and lowered her voice. “I’ve always wondered why chain restaurants put pictures in their menus. Do they think people can’t read?”
“I’ve wondered the same thing.” Jake placed his menu down. “I think I’ll have the veal cutlets as well. There’s something about mashed potatoes and gravy on a cold winter night.” He looked up at their server and placed their orders.
“Simon,” said Paige, looking over his shoulder. “There’s a girl over there who keeps looking at us. I think she’s trying to get your attention.”
The young man turned around, saw who it was, and gave a small wave. “That’s Kimberly. She was in my class at school.”
“Why don’t you go and say hello?”
Simon looked from his sister to Jake. “Should I?”
Jake checked her out without being too obvious. “Why not? She looks nice. It’ll be a few minutes until our food arrives. Oh, and Simon?”
“What?”
“Have you met her parents before?”
“No.”
“Then offer to shake hands. Parents like that.”
“Okay.” He approached the table and they could tell that introductions were underway. Simon shook hands with Kimberly’s parents, their smiles visible across the restaurant.
Jake’s gaze turned thoughtful as he watched the interaction. “He’s really very bright,” he said quietly. “Where is he at with his schooling?”
“The program finished about a month ago. We go back for counselling in the New Year. Mainly it’s to let us know about any job opportunities.”
“But he could always get his own job. I mean the school doesn’t control where he works, right?”
“No, that’s right, but they have the contacts. Why?”
“What would you say to him working at the plant? Believe me, he’d fit right in out there. Most of my employees are geeks.”
“What if he can’t do it?”
He offered a gentle smile. “You can’t protect him forever, Paige. Besides, I think he’ll thrive.”
She nodded slowly “So how does this work… will you talk to him?”
“I will, but in the meantime here he comes.”
The food arrived moments later and conversation subsided.
“We were all hungry,” said Paige, dabbing at her lips with a napkin. “There’s nothing like a plain meal to hit the spot.”
Simon popped the last of his French Fries into his mouth. “Kimberly’s parents invited me to have dessert with them. Do you mind if I go and sit with them?”
“Of course not.” Jake nudged Paige but she kept a straight face. “Have fun.”
“Here we are,” he said with a wicked grin. “Alone again.” He reached for the dessert menu. “What’s your pleasure?” He rested an arm on the back of the booth and curled a strand of her hair around his finger.
“Jake Donovan, are you hitting on me?”
“Absolutely.”
“Oh.”
He leaned closer. “Do you approve?”
“I don’t know. I mean, I’m surprised, that’s all.” His words slowly sank in. “But I wouldn’t mind seeing where this leads.”
“My thoughts exactly. Now how about dessert? The mile-high chocolate cake sounds good. We could share.” He motioned for their server.
“Are you sure?” she asked, as he fed her the last piece of cake.
“Positive,” he murmured, his gaze fixed on her lips.
“What are you looking at?” She wondered if he heard the hitch in her voice.
“This,” he said, reaching out for a dab of chocolate icing on her bottom lip. He put his finger in his mouth and the already charged air between them crackled with intensity. “That’s the closest I can get to kissing you,” he murmured. “At least for now.”
“Hey you guys.” Simon slid into the booth across from them. Neither had noticed him coming back. “Kimberly’s parents are really cool.”
They looked up as the party of three left the restaurant. Kimberly’s mother looked over and smiled.
“They look nice.” Paige was grateful for the chance to catch her breath. “What are they doing for Christmas?”
“Nothing special.” Simon looked pleased with himself. “They invited me to come over during the holidays.”
“And of course you accepted,” said Jake.
“Yeah, I did.” He pulled out his phone. “Are you guys ready to go? I promised to call Randy to come over and help me put up the tree.”

* * *

Jake pulled into the driveway behind Paige. He and Simon took the tree from the roof of the car and shook the snow off before taking it into the garage.
“Before Randy gets here, I was wondering if I could talk to you.”
Simon looked up. “Sure.”
“I was wondering if you would be interested in coming to work at the plant. What do you think?”
Simon smiled broadly. “You want me to come to work for your company?”
“Yes. You’d start in an entry-level job, but I see you eventually working in R&D.”
Simon fell silent for a moment, his brows drawn together. “That would be awesome, but I agree that assembly should come first. I’d learn the terminology and get to know your range of products.” He looked at Jake hopefully. “You’re not kidding?”
“Absolutely not, and keep R&D in mind. My instincts tell me you’d be excellent.” He paused. “So does that mean you’ll come to work for us?”
“What? Oh yeah, for sure.  When would I start?”
“In the New Year. We’re starting up an assembly line for a new product, so the timing couldn’t be better. I’ll have my secretary call you and we’ll set up an appointment with our Human Resources people. You’ll be working under Julian Wills. He’s our Production Manager.”
“Thank you, Jake.” He stuck out his hand. “I guess I’ll have to call you Mr. Donovan from now on.”
Jake laughed. “Only at work.”
“Boy! Wait ‘till I tell Randy.”
Approaching headlights illuminated the snow and Simon went back outside to greet his friend.
Jake watched thoughtfully as the two young men talked. He’d been doing some online research about autism. There was plenty of information about causes and treatment, and he’d discovered that the government had employment opportunities, but there were no personal stories about the future of individuals like Simon. He needed a face-to-face with an expert.
He entered the kitchen and found Paige rinsing a few dishes in the sink. “I heard you talking to Simon,” she said with a tentative smile. “I assume it was about the job.”
Jake leaned against the counter, observing her efficient movements. “Yes, he seems enthusiastic, but it feels like the more time I spend with him, the less I know.”
She didn’t look up. “Does that bother you?”
He considered her question for a moment. “It makes me want to know more about his condition… about autism in general.” He reached for a tea towel and started drying the dishes. I know I’ve said this before, but I can’t get over how bright he is. He has so much potential.”
She folded the washcloth and hung it carefully over the tap. “I’ve always thought that. I’m glad to hear you feel the same way.”
“I do. And now one more piece of business before we get personal.” He pulled out his cell phone. “Would you give me Dana’s number? I’d like to call her in the morning about decorating my place for Christmas.”
“Of course.” She watched as he entered the number. “Good timing. I had a text from her earlier and she’ll be back from Vancouver tonight.” She glanced at her watch. “She said she’s going to stop by for a quick visit. I’ll be glad to see her, but I hope she doesn’t stay too long.” 
“Tell her you’re tired,” he said, tipping up her chin. “If you don’t, I will.”
“Okay,” she said, smiling up at him. “I will.”
“Good, now how about you and I go out for a quiet dinner on Friday night? Don’t get me wrong, I enjoy Simon’s company, but I don’t want to date him.”
“That sounds tempting, but the mall closes late on Friday. There’s no way I could make a dinner date before ten.”
“Speaking of tempting.” He leaned down and brushed his lips over hers, eyes open as he watched her response. When she closed her eyes and sighed, he pulled her close and deepened the kiss, teasing her lips open with his tongue. The attraction that had been building between then all night threatened to burst into flames and she disengaged slowly, resting her forehead against his chest. “Simon could come in at any moment,” she said breathlessly.
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” His voice rumbled in his chest. “But back to dinner on Friday night. Do you know the small French restaurant La Bouillabaisse? It’s the one hanging out over the water on the way to the ferry.”
“I’ve heard that it’s amazing.”
“The owner, Jean Michel is a friend of mine. He says he sometimes stays open late and would be happy to cook for us.”
“Really?” She looked up at him, eyes aglow. “I’d love that.”
“Perfect, I’ll set it up and call you later to reconfirm.”
“Okay.”
Their conversation was cut off by Simon and Randy hauling the Christmas tree inside. The fresh, woodsy smell filled the house and Jake nodded his approval. “It’s perfect,” he said, following them into the living room, where they positioned the tree in front of the large window that overlooked the street.
“Jake, this is Randy.”
Jake stepped forward, his hand extended. “Great to meet you Randy. Are you guys going to decorate the tree tonight?”
“No, we thought we’d do that tomorrow. Randy’s going to have a look at the new model I’m working on.” He held up a hand for a high five with Jake. “See you later.”
Jake turned back to Paige to see her frowning at her cell phone. “Dana’s outside and she says there’s a strange vehicle in the driveway.” She looked up, her gaze going to his lips. “She’s early.”
Jake swooped in for a quick kiss, then gripped her gently by the shoulders. “We’ll have lots of time for that later,” he said, then gave her another quick peck. “Now I’m ready to meet your friend. I’ll ask her about decorating my place and then I’ll be on my way so the two of you can get caught up.”


Chapter Eleven
“He’s really quite nice.” Dana looked somewhat dazed. “For a rich guy.”
Paige rolled her eyes.
“I know, I know. I’m just stunned that he’d do something so generous.” She’d been pacing the kitchen floor, and sat down abruptly. “This means I really can set up my own business. After this, Alexandra wouldn’t dare carry through with her threats.”
Paige smiled. “That was the idea.”
“So tell me again. You met him at his staff Christmas party?”
Paige relayed the events of that night to Dana’s growing delight. “I should leave town more often. When do you see him again?”
“Friday night. He’s taking me to La Bouillabaisse after work.”
“Very nice. And he gets along with Simon.”
“Simon’s thrilled to have someone older to talk to and Jake’s a good listener.”
She nodded thoughtfully. “He would be, wouldn’t he.”
“What do you mean?”
“He’s more than just a successful business owner. They say he’s a visionary. There are exceptions I suppose, but generally speaking you don’t become that successful without listening to people.”
“No, I suppose not. Anyway, he’s offered Simon a job.”
“Outstanding. Now how’s work going? Will you get through the Christmas rush?”
“I’ll survive, but I’ve decided to train extra people next year.”
“Always a good idea. And now I’m going to leave you. I can see you’re tired, and I want to go home and think about what I can come up with on short notice for Jake’s apartment. I agreed to do it as soon as possible.”
“Well, Christmas is right around the corner.”
“So it is.” Dana gave her a hug and then pulled back. “You look different, Paige. Are you falling in love with Jake Donovan?”
“Don’t even say it.”
“Why not?” Dana looked into her friend’s eyes. “Would that be so bad?”
Dana’s piercing look made her uncomfortable. “It’s just that everything has happened so quickly. It doesn’t happen that way in real life.”
“Says who?” Dana gave her another quick hug. “It’s been my experience that love has the strangest way of creeping up on us when we least expect it. Remember that.”
Unable to find her voice, Paige nodded as her friend went out the door. She walked to the front window and stood beside the bare tree, watching Dana’s car disappear down the road. She could still feel Jake’s lips on hers, still see the barely veiled desire in his eyes as he watched her respond. Could Dana be right? She hoped so.


Chapter Twelve
Dana pulled into one of the Guest Parking slots, made her way to the elevator and pushed the button marked ‘P’.
“Penthouse.” A disembodied voice greeted her.
“This is Dana O’Neal.”
“Come on up.”
The elevator doors opened and she stepped inside.  She’d searched online for everything she could find about Jake’s penthouse but mere statistics weren’t enough. She planned to tackle the decorating in the same manner she approached all of her work – trying to get a feel of the man’s character through his living space. Last night had been a start; she’d met a confident, successful man, but meeting him on his own turf would make all the difference.
The elevator doors opened silently and she stepped out into a spacious foyer. What appeared to be an antique half-moon table graced one wall of the foyer, with a framed mirror above. She checked her appearance, took a breath and reached for the doorbell.
Before she could press it, the door opened. “Hello, Dana. I’m Damian, Jake’s friend.” Dark brown eyes assessed her frankly as he extended his hand. Everything about him was large and muscular and for a moment she was unable to catch her breath. A tattoo of some mythical creature wound sinuously around his forearm. Frozen in place, she stared at it and when she didn’t shake his hand he dropped it, anger flashing for the briefest moment in his eyes. He stepped back with a small, mocking bow. “Come in, I don’t bite. Jake had to pop over to Vancouver to take care of an emergency and he asked me to meet you and show you around.”
Offering him a tentative smile, she moved farther into the penthouse. The scale of the space was impressive. Not only was the square footage impressive, but the high ceilings and enormous glass walls added to the sensation of being in the clouds.
“Wow,” she said, turning to him. “This is an amazing space.”
“Wow,” he said, echoing her. “That’s decorator-type talk, I take it.”
She refused to respond to the sarcasm in his voice. If he was trying to annoy her, he was doing a good job. “You don’t really have to be here, you know.”
“It’s no trouble. I’ll stick around and watch you work. Make sure you don’t steal the silver.”
“There’s silver?”
“Not that I know of.”
She hid a smile. “I’m trying to get a feel for the aesthetics of the place.”
He gave her a blank look.
“Aesthetics. It means –”
“Artful,” he said. “From a Greek word meaning perception.”
Nonplussed, she moved to the windows in an effort to regain her composure. Damian might be rude and cheeky, but she found herself wanting to get to know him better. As though reading her thoughts, he came and stood beside her. 
She glanced down at his tattoo. “What is that thing?” she said, repelled and fascinated at the same time.
“It’s a serpent.” He flexed his muscles and the creature appeared to come alive. “Better look out, he’s especially fond of interior decorators.”
“Then I’ll keep an eye on him.”
He nodded and went back to looking out the windows. “So... are you going to do all that chop suey stuff?”
She turned him. “All right. Cut it out.”
“Ma’am?” She almost laughed at his innocent look.
“You know perfectly well it’s called Feng Shui.”
He snapped his fingers. “Right. Well are you?”
“Not specifically, no. I prefer to let the customer dictate, rather than make decisions for him.”
He inclined his head. “That makes sense.”
They were the first sincere words he’d spoken since she came in. She laid a hand on his arm. “We seem to have gotten off to a bad start. Could we start over?”
A slow, sexy smile transformed his face. “I’d like that.”
Dana stuck out her hand. “Hello, I’m Dana O’Neal.”
He took her hand and a current of electricity seemed to pass between them. “Damian Russell, at your service.”
By the time Dana finished studying the penthouse, darkness was approaching. Damian had been helpful in telling her what he knew of Jake’s favorite spots to sit. “Not that he’s had much time to relax here,” he said with a hint of regret. “Hard to imagine having a place like this and no time to enjoy it.”
“The cost of success,” she said thoughtfully as she picked up her coat. “Thanks for your help Damian.”
He took her coat and held it as she slipped it on. “Are you sure you have to leave?” he murmured in her ear. “We could sit outside and enjoy the heater.”
Her gaze drifted to the outside space. “Tempting, but I’ve decided to do the place on Monday and I have a lot of planning to do.” She turned around to face him. “This has been fun Damian. May I ask you something?”
“Ask away.” He looped her scarf around her neck and snugged it up tightly under her chin.
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
“No, but I’m working on it.”
“Oh.” She tried to hide her disappointment with a bright smile. “Well, good luck.”
He tugged on the ends of her scarf, pulling her closer. “I’m talking about you, you silly goose.”
“What a relief.” She went up on her tiptoes and gave him a brief kiss. “Don’t kiss me back,” she warned. “Or I’ll never leave.”
His eyes glittered. “You’ve got that right.” He walked her to the door. “I’ll get the tree tomorrow like I promised. All white lights, you said?”
“Yes, for Simon.” She paused. “Maybe we could all get together on Monday to decorate the tree. Let’s see what Jake thinks.”
“I’ll run that by him when he gets home.” He leaned down, nibbled on her bottom lip and emitted a low growl. “It’s a good thing I’m a patient man. See you soon, Dana O’Neal.”

* * *

“I can’t thank you enough for letting me visit on such short order.” Jake extended his hand to Dr. DiGenoa, the woman in charge of the Autism Mentorship Program at Simon Fraser University. “Seeing your set-up has already given me some ideas.”
“Thank you for visiting.” The Doctor gestured toward the exit and they walked together, bonded by their interest in the initiative. “We need more people like you; business owners who see the potential of these young men and women.” She glanced at the bulging folder of information he carried. “That will help you to get started but we’re always here if you have any questions you need answered.”
“I’m sure I’ll have plenty,” he said with a wry smile. “But I’m a fast learner.”
She looked at him, and her eyes narrowed. “I believe that.” 
They’d come to the exit. “Look at that,” she said with a defeated sigh. The snow was so thick they could scarcely see across the parking lot.  “Were you planning to go home via the seaplane?” He’d mentioned arriving on the convenient harbor to harbor air service.
Jake’s shoulders fell. “That was the plan. I even have a dinner date with a special lady but something else came up and I won’t be able to make it.” He stuck out his hand. “Thanks again, Dr. DiGenoa. You’ve given me a lot to think about.”
“Goodbye young man.” Jake’s cab was waiting. He climbed inside and she watched it pull away. Elena DiGenoa might be close to retirement, but she recognized a good man when she saw one. “I hope your young lady knows how lucky she is,” she murmured, then went back to her office to close up for the night.

* * *

Not surprisingly, Paige didn’t answer her cell. He sent her a short text message telling her he’d been delayed and that he’d call her later. Then he phoned his friend Jean-Michel to tell him he’d have to cancel the late dinner.
“Dommage,” said the Frenchman. “It’s snowing here as well. Stay safe, my friend.”

* * *

The mall crowds thinned out much earlier than usual. Those shoppers who’d braved the weather reported heavy snow. During a lull, Paige checked her cell phone and was disappointed to see that Jake had to cancel, but in truth she could use a rest. Thank goodness Monday was Christmas Eve. They were closing the Deli at noon on Monday and would re-open the day after Boxing Day. She sent back a quick message saying she understood completely.
“You might as well go home,” she told Mindy. “Jake had to cancel our dinner date, so I’ll close up. He says it’s snowing like crazy in Vancouver as well.”
“Thanks.” Mindy glanced toward the Food Court where Marko waited for her. She quickly grabbed her coat and bag and ran to her boyfriend.
The rest of the night passed quickly. The roads were slippery with snow, and Paige was relieved to pull into her driveway. After checking on Simon, she put on a warm hoodie and loose pants and flopped down in front of the fireplace.
Her cell phone woke her and she checked her watch through bleary eyes. She’d been sound asleep for an hour but came awake when she recognized Jake’s number.
“Hi Jake,” she said, pulling her quilt up around her neck. “I take it you’re still in Vancouver?”
“Unfortunately, yes.” He paused for a moment. “I miss you, Paige; I was so looking forward to our dinner tonight.”
“There’ll be other nights.” She gave a short laugh. “Or is that too forward?”
“It’s music to my ears. I hope there’ll be many other nights.”
Paige spoke in her best southern belle accent. “Jake Donovan, how you do go on!”
“Why Miss Scarlett, you don’t doubt me, do you?”
They laughed together. It was a low, comfortable sound and for a moment they both fell silent. After a few moments, Paige spoke in a dreamy voice. “You know,” she said, “if we were characters in a romance novel this would be the black moment.”
“The what?”
Paige chuckled. “My mom used to read a lot of romance novels. She explained to me that readers expected certain things to happen within the story and one of those things is the black moment.”
“I’m still no wiser.”
“It’s usually near the end and it’s the point in the story where something goes wrong. Quite often it’s a simple misunderstanding, but it always takes a while to sort out. Meanwhile the heroine falls into the depths of despair.”
“Wasn’t that expression from Anne of Green Gables?”
“You’re right, but work with me for a bit. The black moment is often the high point of the story. When the Hero and Heroine finally solve the problem, it’s as though the sun breaks through the clouds. Everyone lives happily ever after.”
“Is that what this is?” he asked softly. “Is our story like a romance novel?”
“I don’t know, Jake. I need to read a few more chapters, but I like where it’s going.”
“That’s all I needed to hear. Where are you?”
“On the couch in front of the fireplace with my trusty quilt.”
“I wish I was with you instead of here in this impersonal hotel room.”
“Me, too.” She waited a beat. “Are you coming home tomorrow?”
“Afraid not. I met with the new account today and they’ve gone back to the drawing board to work out some more specs. I have a feeling it might take all weekend but hopefully not. This all relates to the new line Simon will be working on.”
“He’s excited about that. Nervous, but excited. Of course it’s his first real job.”
“And I want it to be a good experience for him. I’ve already spoken to Julian about him and he’s looking forward to taking Simon under his wing.”
“Remind me again. Julian is your…”
“…Production Manager. He calls himself the chief geek, but he’s brilliant. Simon will love him. Oh, and speaking of love, Dana and Damian met this afternoon. She’s coming back to decorate my place on Monday, but from what Damian said, I think they hit it off.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. He called me about half an hour ago. Sounds like they got off to a rocky start, but now he can’t wait to see her again. Which reminds me, are you doing anything on Christmas Eve? Damian and Dana are already making plans. They thought we all might get together and decorate my tree. Simon too, of course.”
“I’d like that. Will you feed us?”
“Of course. What would you like?”
She laughed. “Anything, as long as I don’t have to prepare it.”
“Then consider yourself fed. Is that a date?”
Paige smiled to herself. “It’s a date.”


Chapter Thirteen
“I would have gone with you to the tree farm,” said Simon, looking up as Jake placed a star on top of the eight-foot tree.
“I know you would, Simon but I was stuck in Vancouver. Damian got the tree for me. I just got back today.”
Simon frowned. “Is everything okay?”
Jake glanced over to where Paige was hanging decorations and listening with one ear. “I wish I could say that everything’s fine, but that’s not true. Every time I think we have the problem solved, we discover that one of the components doesn’t fit.” He removed the lid from a box of simple red glass balls and handed it to the young man. “Your sister said something to me the first day we met; I’m beginning to think she’s prescient.”
Simon listened attentively.
“She suggested that we build the components here. Our problem so far has been the lack of skilled labor, but I’m thinking I have to take the bull by the horns and at least try. Turns out I have to fly to Malaysia tomorrow to sort out this current boondoggle, but I’m going to look around while I’m there.”
“On Christmas day?”
Jake shrugged. “It takes almost a whole day to get there. Besides, very few people there celebrate Christmas.” He gave a wry smile. “I have to figure out a way out of this mess or I’ll be spending most of my time over there.”
Simon thought for a moment. “I can see how you’d have control with your own facility but is there enough space for a new division at the plant?”
“We could do it but it would be crowded. On the bright side, I purchased that undeveloped land to the west, plus the building was specifically designed to permit expansion.”
Simon grinned. “Is there anything you haven’t thought of?”
Jake’s gaze moved to Paige. “Seems like I haven’t figured out a way to spend Christmas with your sister.”
Simon grinned. “You like her, huh?”
“Yeah, I like her.”
Simon ducked his head. “Remember that girl at the restaurant?”
“Kimberly?”
“You remembered.” Simon looked impressed. “Anyway, she sent me a Christmas card. What does that mean?”
“I’d say it means she likes you.”
“Do you think so?”
“Let’s ask Damian.”
“No, don’t do that…” 
He was too late. Jake crossed the room in two strides with Simon reluctantly following. “We need a third opinion here. Simon got a Christmas card from a girl. What does it mean?”
Damian clapped him on the shoulder. “You da man!”
Simon blushed, but was obviously pleased.
“She likes you, my friend. It’s as simple as that.” He wrapped an arm around Dana, pulled her to his side and planted a kiss on the top of her head. “However some women have a strange way of showing their affection. Take your Aunt Dana here. She pretends she’s not interested in me but I know better.”
Simon looked back and forth between them. 
“Yeah,” continued Damian. “She’s crazy about me, but doesn’t want to admit it.”
Dana gave him a sweet smile. “Stop making an ass of yourself, Damian.”
“See?” he said, giving her another kiss, but this one on the lips. “She loves me. What do you think, Simon?”
Simon backed away. “No way am I getting in the middle of this, but thanks for your opinion about Kimberly… I guess.”
Damian reached out to stop him. “Wait a minute. Jake has promised to be back for New Year’s Eve and we’ve been talking about having a quiet evening here. Why don’t you invite Kimberly to come?”
Simon looked trapped. “I’d have to phone her.”
Damian turned serious. “Are you trying to say you’ve never phoned a girl before?”
Simon shuddered. “Never.”
“I can still remember the first time I phoned a girl to ask her out. I was terrified, but after the first hundred times, it gets a lot easier.” He grinned. “But seriously, whether you invite your friend or not, please join us. We usually just sit around and pretend to play Monopoly and talk about what we’re going to accomplish in the New Year.”
“I – I’ll think about it,” stammered Simon, his gaze darting around as though searching for an escape. “I think I’ll check out Jake’s video games.”
“That was sweet,” said Dana, smiling into Damian’s eyes. “There’s hope for you yet.”

* * *

Jake knew that Paige had overheard most of his conversation with Simon. He picked up a box of antique wooden decorations Dana had found and stood beside her, watching as she carefully tied red velvet bows to the tree limbs.
“I guess you heard,” he said, putting down the box and helping her reach one of the uppermost limbs. “Sorry I won’t be here for Christmas.”
“Me too,” she said, turning to him with a serene smile. “But it still doesn’t qualify as a black moment.”
“I was hoping you’d say that.” He picked up the box and moved around the tree, spacing out the decorations. “When I get this problem solved I won’t have to fly over there at all.” His hand stilled. “I hope you don’t mind, but I sort of assumed you’d like to join us for New Year’s Eve. I really should have asked you before mentioning it to Simon.”
“I like that you included him in our plans. I hope he invites Kimberly, and if he wants to include Randy as well is that okay with you?”
“Of course.” He stepped back and admired the tree. “Looks pretty good. Come sit with me by the fireplace.”
“That’s new,” she said, indicating a basket full of soft blankets beside the fireplace. She eased herself down on the comfortable couch.
“That was Dana’s idea,” he said, looking back at Dana and Damian and lowering his voice. “They seem to have hit it off.”
“Sure seems that way. She won’t take any nonsense from him, you know.”
Jake covered them with a blanket and she rested her head against his shoulder.
“That’s exactly what he needs,” he said, a smile in his voice.
Paige relaxed and they fell into a comfortable silence. Somewhere in the background Simon played a video game; Dana and Damian’s conversation had been reduced to soft murmurs.
Jake brushed back a lock of hair that had fallen over her forehead. “So do we have a date for New Year’s Eve?”
Paige remained silent.
“Paige?” He looked down to find that she’d fallen asleep and he sighed with contentment.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” he whispered.


Chapter Fourteen
Paige hung up her coat and placed two bags of groceries on the kitchen table. The week after Christmas could be unpredictable and this year was no exception. Whereas yesterday business had been spotty, today she and Mindy had been run off their feet from the moment they opened.
Simon appeared and started to unpack the bags. “I brought home a barbecued chicken and a couple of salads,” she said. “At this rate I’m going to forget how to cook.”
“I called Kimberly.”
She paused to look at him. “You seem to have survived that ordeal. What did she say?”
“She said she’d like to come but then she phoned back to say her mother would like you to call.” He shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other. “What’s up with that?”
She gave him an encouraging smile. “It’s nothing bad, Simon. She just wants to make sure she knows where her daughter will be on New Year’s Eve. It’s quite normal.”
“Oh.” His relief was immediate. “So you’ll call her?”
“Of course. Why don’t you set the table and I’ll call her now.”

* * *

“Mrs. Reynolds?”
“Yes.”
“This is Paige Baxter, Simon’s sister.”
“Oh, hello Paige. Thanks for calling back. Kimberly is very excited about the party but I just wanted to be sure.” She hesitated. “Nervous mother and all that. I’m sure you understand.”
“Of course, and I’m glad you called. It’ll be a quiet night, I’m sure. Simon has also invited his friend Randy so there’ll be the three young people plus myself and Jake and my friend Dana and her new beau who’s also a friend of Jake’s.”
“Sounds good. Kimberly is excited about being able to see the fireworks from Mr. Donovan’s suite.”
“I’d forgotten about the fireworks. She’s right; it should be a good vantage point.”
“I can’t tell you how pleased I was when Mr. Donovan’s Human Resources people called today.”
“They called you?”
“Yes, to invite Kimberly to take part in their mentorship program. Having a job means everything, but you already know that. I understand that Simon was the inspiration for the program.”
“To be honest, Mrs. Reynolds –”
“Please call me Angela.”
“To be honest, Angela, I didn’t know they’d set it up already.” She gave a short little laugh. “Jake has been out of town most of the holidays so he hasn’t had time to tell me about it.”
“I hope I haven’t spoken out of turn.”
“Not at all.” Paige’s enthusiasm grew as she processed the information. “It will mean a lot to the young people to work alongside some of their friends. Jake says his production foreman is a terrific guy.”
“That’s what Olivia said. His name is… wait a minute I have it written down here… Julian Wills. Kimberly and I are going out to meet him this week.”
Paige looked toward Simon, who was listening with interest. “That’s great.”
“Anyway, thanks for calling about the party. Will you be driving?”
“I will.” She glanced across the room at her brother. “I’ll let Simon reconfirm the time with Kimberly later.”
“I’ll tell her and I’m sure we’ll be seeing each other soon. Happy New Year.”
“Same to you.” She ended the call.
“Randy is part of the program as well,” offered Simon when she didn’t speak. “I take it Jake didn’t get a chance to tell you. You’re not angry with him, are you?”
She frowned and looked up. “No, of course not. Just surprised.”
Simon grinned. “He told me again that you’re the one who inspired him to start a new production line.”
“That’s stretching it a bit. He already knew he had to do something and I think he decided to start the mentorship program at the same time.” She took out the chicken, cut it in down the middle and placed half on his plate. “I sure miss him. It’s hard to get to know someone when they’re always in another city… or another country.”
Simon shrugged. “I’m no expert, but I’ve seen the way Jake looks at you Sis. He’s into you.”
Paige ripped off a chicken leg and studied it thoughtfully. “Do you think so?”
“I know so. Besides, Damian told me he’s never seen Jake like this about a woman.” He stopped for several beats. “That’s good, isn’t it?”
Paige couldn’t stop the smile that spread across her face. “That’s very good. Let’s eat.”

* * *

“I’ve never been in a penthouse before.” Kimberly stepped out of the elevator on Jake’s floor. This is so cool.”
Paige smiled. “Just enjoy yourself. By the way, you look lovely tonight.”
The young woman blushed and shot a quick look at Simon. “Thanks.”
The door swung open before they could press the doorbell. Paige’s world, which had seemed off its axis the past couple of weeks, steadied at the sight of Jake.
“Come in, come in.” Jake shook hands solemnly with Randy and Kimberly. “Welcome to my home.”
“Thank you Mr. Donovan.” Kimberly was trying to take it all in, her eyes wide.
“Call me Jake when we’re here,” he said. “Save the mister stuff for work.”
“Yes, Sir.” Kimberly’s gaze came to rest on the tree. “That’s beautiful. I like the all-white lights.”
Jake exchanged a look with Simon. “Some of us like a single color.” He ushered them farther into the penthouse for more introductions with Dana and Damian.
“Hi Buddy.” Damian rose and went to the tree. “I got you something.” He handed Simon an unwrapped CD. “It’s the movie I told you about with the motorcycle.”
“The Great Escape. Thanks.” He turned it over and read the credits. “I looked it up online. It’s based on a true story. I can’t wait to watch it.”
“I got something I thought the three of you might enjoy working on together.” Jake dug out a box from under the tree and handed it to Randy.
The young man’s eyes lit up. “It’s a 3-D jigsaw puzzle.” The others crowded around and they studied the puzzle. “I’ll bet we could ace it by midnight.”
“Go ahead if you like. There’s a fold-out table in the games room.” Jake turned to Simon. “Simon can show you where everything is, and feel free to help yourselves to some cold drinks and snacks from the kitchen.” He took Paige by the arm and led her into the living room. “I don’t know a lot about kids, but I do know they like to eat.”
The young people were already exclaiming over the array of food spread out on the kitchen island. Paige chuckled. “You’d think they hadn’t been fed for a week.”
“Speaking of which,” he said, drawing her into his arms. “It’s been a long week. I missed you, Paige.”
“And I missed you,” she murmured, reaching up to touch his familiar face. “You look tired, Jake. When did you get back?”
“Just after midnight last night. And yes, I’m tired but I made a lot of progress. How was your week?”
“Busy, but things are getting back to normal. Especially now that you’re home.”
“Has it occurred to you that since we met we’ve spent more time apart than together?” He tipped up her chin and gazed into her eyes. “We’re going to have to do something about that.”
“What do you suggest?”
“Let’s start with this.” He lowered his mouth to hers and she met him eagerly. His kiss released the pent-up desire of the past two weeks and she clung to him as though she were drowning. When they finally broke apart, they exchanged a glance that promised more to come.
“I guess we should join our friends,” he said, his voice husky. “Even though I’d rather do this all night.”
“I agree but the kids could come back at any time.” She touched his lips with her fingertips. “I love the way you kiss. Save me more for later.”
His laugh rumbled in his chest. “You can count on it.”
Damian and Dana both looked up when they joined them near the fireplace. Damian gave them a suspicious look. “We thought we were going to have to send out a search party.”
“Cut that out.” Dana gave him a gentle slap on the arm. “They’ve been apart for a week.”
Jake gestured to the Monopoly game that had been readied on a low table. “I see you’ve set everything up.”
“We were just talking about that,” said Dana, searching Jake’s face for a clue as to how he felt. “And we thought you might prefer to relax.”
Jake exhaled and gave her a grateful smile. “Thanks, Dana. I’m not sure I could concentrate on building an empire tonight.”
“That settles that,” said Damian, removing the game. “Let’s just chill. I’ll bring some snacks and drinks. What would you like?”
“Just coffee for me,” said Jake.
Paige nodded. “Same here. Shall I help you make it?”
“No need. I’ll be back in a couple of minutes.”
The four friends talked easily, finding much common ground even though they worked in such disparate fields. Paige’s thoughts drifted to the few New Year’s Eve parties she attended. In every instance, the guests had consumed far too much alcohol, resulting in behavior she’d rather forget. She’d be quite happy to celebrate like this for the rest of her life.
The thought brought her up short. Did she want to spend the rest of her life with Jake? He had an arm loosely around her shoulders as they chatted and she twisted around to look up at his craggy features, realizing that the answer was a resounding yes.
“Hey you guys, it’s almost time for the fireworks.” Simon and the other two youngsters had donned their coats and were headed for the balcony.
“Is it okay if we go out, Jake?”
“Of course. We’ll be right behind you.” He looked down at Paige. “Won’t we?”
She rose. “I wouldn’t miss it.”
Jake dug a parcel out from behind the tree. “I got you something specifically for this moment.”
Paige gave him a tentative smile. “But Jake… I don’t have anything for you.”
“Yes you do,” he said with an intimate look that made her pulse speed up. “You’re here with me. What more could a guy want?”
“See?” said Dana, nudging Damian with an elbow. “That’s how it’s done.”
Their laughter broke the tension. Paige accepted the gift and opened it to reveal a wrap-around shawl in a bold striped pattern. She pressed it to her cheek. “It’s so soft,” she said, examining it more closely. “The label says Cashmere.”
“It’s gorgeous,” said Dana. “And it will definitely keep you warm while we watch the fireworks.”
Bundled up against the cold, the adults followed the teens onto the patio. The weather was crisp and clear, and right at midnight fireworks filled the sky with a burst of sound and light.
Jake stood behind Paige and wrapped his arms around her. They stood that way, content to be in each other’s company.
She leaned back into him, safe in his arms. “My life has changed so much since we met,” she said, almost to herself. “Simon’s too.”
“For the best, I hope.”
“Definitely for the best,” she said, looking up as a starburst exploded overhead.
“My life has changed as well.” He watched as the fading starburst was replaced by an even larger one. “When I was away this past week I only had to think about you and it all seemed worthwhile.”
She turned in his arms and gazed up into his eyes. “Thank you Jake. I think that’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.”
He grinned down at her. “I have a lot of nice things I’d like to say to you.” He glanced at the others on the balcony. “But I’d prefer to be alone.”
Multiple starbursts filled the sky, heralding the end of the show.
“Know something?” she said, as the display came to an end. “I usually make a wish at midnight on New Year’s Eve. But this year I can’t imagine needing anything else. Except maybe this,” she said as he kissed her thoroughly. “I’ll never stop needing that.”


Epilogue
Six months later.
“How do I look?” Simon presented himself nervously. “Did I get the tie right? Jake showed me how to tie it, but I’m not sure…”
Paige smiled. “You look fine, Simon. Very handsome.”
“You’d say that no matter what,” he mumbled.
“You’re right, I would. But today it happens to be true.” She linked her arm through her brother’s. “Shall we go?”
“Are Kimberly and Randy going to be there?” she asked, even though she knew they were. Anything to get him to settle down.
“Yes. They’re nervous too.”
“It’ll be over soon. The Premier and the Mayor will give their speeches and then it will be Jake’s turn.”
“I hope they don’t take too long. I just want to get this over with.”
“I understand Simon, and Jake feels the same but Citizen of the Year is quite an honor. We should be proud of him.”
“I am, but when I tried to talk him out of calling me up to stand beside him he wouldn’t budge.”
Paige pulled into the parking lot at Donovan Hi-Tech, surprised at the number of vehicles already there. Two television trucks were parked on the street, their satellite dishes prominent on the roof. A small dais had been erected in front of the building and Paige smiled when she realized it had been situated so that the company name would be clearly visible in any shots of the ceremony. Jake’s secretary never missed a trick.
Jake met them and escorted them to the front row of chairs. Kimberly and Randy arrived moments later. Noticing Simon’s tension, Jake took him aside, speaking quietly. When he returned, the young man seemed much calmer.
The Premier spoke first, extolling the virtues of British Columbia and enumerating the reasons why more new businesses were moving in than at any other time. His praise of Donovan Hi-Tech was sincere and then he handed the ceremony over to Nanaimo’s mayor. 
“Donovan Hi-Tech has shown leadership, not only with expansion into innovative technology, but in building one of the most respected mentorship programs in the province. Ladies and gentlemen, for those of you who may not already know him, let me introduce you to Jake Donovan, the recipient of our very first Citizen of the Year award.”
Jake waited for the applause to die down. “Ladies and gentleman, I accept this honor with appreciation and a goodly dose of humility. As most of you know, a company is nothing without its employees, and mine are the best. Our new production line goes into operation in two weeks and later this year we’re establishing a state-of-the-art testing facility. Simply put, at Donovan Hi-Tech, we’ll have it all.” He smiled out at the crowd. “That was the commercial.” The crowd laughed softly.
“My proudest accomplishment has been the development of a mentorship program, and I’d like to introduce you to the young man who inspired me… Simon Baxter. Simon, would you please come forward, and bring your two friends as well?”
The three friends joined him on the stage. Jake looked each one in turn and his features softened. “These young people have excelled beyond anything we could have imagined. They’ve brought a fresh new perspective to our operations and thanks to their unique way of approaching problems, we now have several innovative new procedures. My Production Manager Julian Wills tells me they’ve made his life a lot easier.”
The crowd applauded.
Jake paused and looked down at Paige. “I said earlier that my company is nothing without our employees. But the truth is, I myself am nothing without the love of the woman who has agreed to become my wife. I didn’t tell her that I was going to call on her so a little encouragement, please.”
Simon grinned broadly and led the applause.
Paige rose and joined them on the stage.
“Thank you,” she said, smiling up at Jake with eyes full of love. “Let me assure you, the best is yet to come.”

The End
* * *
Next in the series:
The Bride
A jilted bride and a heartbroken man find each other on the North Shore of Oahu. But happy endings aren’t assured – even in paradise!
You can find The Bride at Smashwords.

* * *

Message from the author:
Thank you for reading.
If you enjoyed this book, I would be grateful for a review where you purchased it.

* * *

About the Author:
Mona Ingram loves to make up stories and is the author of more than four dozen romances. Most mornings she can be found at her computer, trying to keep up with the characters in her current book, many of whom invariably want to go off in a completely different direction than she planned. But that’s the joy of writing. Mona is an avid birdwatcher and is particularly happy when she can combine birdwatching with travel.

