The Descended
Book 1

by D.C. Smith



Copyright © 2012 by D.C. Smith
Smashwords Edition




This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.


All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard word of this author.

Chapter One

It was over, another closed chapter in her life.  The past few months of Sunny’s life had gone by in a whirlwind.  She felt numb; she wanted to deny the truth that her dearly beloved grandmother was dead.  “Oh Gram,” Sunny whispered to herself, “How can I live without you?  You raised me since I was twelve years old.  You were always there for me no matter what.  You comforted me through my mother’s death, and just three months ago the unexpected death of my fiancé Paul.  You stood by my decisions and had faith in me.  You always knew the right words to say to make things better.  Now I have no one left, no family members.”  Tears spilled down Sunny’s face and puddled on the top of the white Formica kitchen table where she sat.
Sunny was suddenly brought back to the present with the shrill sound of the teakettle whistling on the stove.  She walked over to the old green stove, turned off the heat and made a cup of tea.  She sat at the kitchen table looking around at all the familiar things.  The little wooden shelves over the chipped porcelain sink which sat various little knick-knacks, one of which was a little statue of a cat that turned blue when the temperature got cold or pink when it was warm.  That statue had fascinated Sunny when she was young.  She smiled at the memory and started to feel better.  Okay, Gram, I know you are with me in spirit.  I can feel your love.
Just then the doorbell rang.  Sunny walked swiftly to the door, while running her fingers through her medium length blond hair and straightening her shirt.  She stopped at the hallway mirror by the front door and quickly took an assessment of her face.  Her beautiful blue eyes were somewhat swollen and red from crying. She looked a little pale from not getting enough sun.  But despite that she didn’t look bad.  In fact she looked to be so much younger than her age of twenty-seven.
She opened the door and found Dovie, Gram’s old friend and next-door neighbor, standing there holding a container and smiling.  “Hi Dear, I thought I’d stop by and bring you some freshly baked pumpkin bread I made.”  
“Oh that sounds delicious!  Please come on in, I could use some company now.” Sunny said as she held open the door for Dovie.  She sat Dovie down at the table and got a knife to cut them each a slice of pumpkin bread.  “Excuse any tears that may fall Dovie, I was just thinking about my Gram and how much I miss her.  She meant so much to me.”  
“I understand honey; your grandmother Blanche was a dear friend of mine.  We had many happy years of friendship.  I know how proud she was of you.  You know I was there with your grandmother when she went into labor and I helped her deliver your mother when she was born.”  
“Really?  I didn’t know that.” Sunny said as she served Dovie. “Would you like a cup of tea with that?” 
“Yes dear, tea would be great.  Just a little honey and milk added to it, thank you.
Here you go, Dovie.  Let me know if it tastes to your liking.”  She passed the cup over to her and took her own plate and cup to the table and sat down.  “I’d like to hear more.  Was the birth of my mother an emergency delivery?”
Dovie took a sip of her tea, and with a gleam in her hazel eyes said, “Oh I’d love to.  I was a registered nurse and midwife and had already delivered some babies back in those days.  I met your grandmother through one of my friends named Sophie, whom worked with your grandmother at the restaurant that my husband John and I would often go to for lunch.  Sophie invited your grandmother to join our quilting bee, which she did.  We met every Saturday and made quilts that we donated to the church to give to the poor.  We had such fun, lively conversations while quilting.  Your grandmother’s husband had just left her for another woman when right afterward she found out she was pregnant.  I told her if she wanted I would help her through her pregnancy since I was a registered nurse and midwife.  I knew it had to be hard for her since she would be a single mother and sole support for herself and her baby.  It took a while but finally your grandmother agreed.  Months later, as we were sitting on my big porch doing our quilting, your grandmother’s water broke.  Now how’s that for good timing?” Both Dovie and Sunny chuckled thinking about it.  “So I took your grandmother into my house where she promptly delivered a beautiful, healthy baby girl.”  Dovie’s eyes now had a hint of happy tears filling them.  “That was one quilting session I’ll always remember.  I had your grandmother stay a week with John and me.  I talked her into it.  I wanted to make sure she was strong enough to go back to work and take care of her baby too.  One of our quilting partners named Edna volunteered to baby-sit when your grandmother went back to work.  She lived close by your grandmother and she loved children.  Edna would not think of asking for money, she told Blanche she had plenty of money.  Blanche would be doing her a favor providing her with the precious company of a child to fill her days with since all her children were grown and moved far away.  So everything worked out fine for everyone involved.”  Dovie grabbed her cup of tea with gnarled, shaking hands and while sipping it had dribbled a little bit of it onto her lavender colored housedress.  “Oh dear me, I’m such a klutz in my old age!”
Sunny got up, tore a piece of paper towel and gave it to Dovie.  “I do the same thing once in a while. Actually there have been times when I completely miss my mouth!” Sunny said and they both laughed.  “This pumpkin bread is so delicious Dovie, so moist and it just melts in your mouth.  You’ll have to give me the recipe.  Just sitting here talking to you has lifted my spirits.  You are such a joy to talk to. I never knew about my mother’s birth.  Of course I never asked my mom or my grandmother about it.
You’re welcome, dear.  The feelings are mutual.  I want you to know that I am always here for you.  Are you staying or are you going to sell the house?” Dovie’s eyes lifted and caused the wrinkles on her forehead to deepen even more.  
Sunny looked down at her cup of tea and in a quieter tone of voice said, “I decided to stay here.  My grandmother left me her house and an ample inheritance.  I don’t have anything to go back to.  I had a small apartment in Boston and a job that I didn’t care for.  My fiancé Paul had just passed away less than three months ago in an automobile accident.”  A tear slid down Sunny’s cheek and her body shook a little.
Dovie immediately took Sunny’s hand in hers and said, “I’m so sorry.  You have been through a lot of heartache recently.  I wish I could take the sadness away for you.”  
“Thank you, Dovie.  It’s just so much has happened within a short period of time that I feel so numb with grief right now.
I understand, Sunny, “ Dovie said as she patted her hand.  “I am so glad to hear you’re staying.  I believe we will have some good times to share.  I know it’s hard to understand right now but God never gives us more than we can handle.”  
Sunny looked up into Dovie’s eyes and could sense true caring and love in them.  She then smiled and said, “I know God is with us.  I know that my loved ones are in a better place.  There are times I swear I can feel my deceased loved ones presence, like a light feathery kiss on my cheek, or a hand cupping my face, or a feeling of love surging through me.  I realize that I need to get my mind on the present.  What’s in the past is in the past and unchangeable.”  Sunny said while getting up from her chair.  “I have so much to do and I’m glad for it.  There’s this beautiful house that I can start concentrating on remodeling as an honor to my grandmother.  I know we had talked about it around a month ago.  I told her that I would love to help her redecorate.  She had asked me to consider coming back here to live with her.  She knew that I had nothing left in Boston with Paul gone.”  
“There you go, dear; your grandmother’s got to be beaming with pride right now.  She was so much like you, so strong.”  Dovie said with a huge smile as she slowly got up.  Just then, despite light rain falling, the clouds had parted and the early afternoon sunrays came through the pretty, yellowed, flowered kitchen curtains with intensity.  “Well look at that!  I think that your grandmother is giving you a sign bringing out all that sunshine during the rain!  Well I have to get going now; I have a fat cat to feed back home that gets an attitude with me if I don’t feed her at a certain time.”  Dovie and Sunny both chuckled at that as they walked to the front door.  They gave each other a strong hug.  
“Thank you again, Dovie, for your wonderful company and delicious pumpkin bread.”  Sunny said as Dovie made her way out the door.  
At the bottom of the front steps Dovie turned and said, “Remember, Sunny, if you ever need me any time of day please let me know.  You made my day, child, and I thank God you are staying, for you truly are a blessing to talk to.”  
Sunny smiled as she watched Dovie slowly make her way to her red brick house next door.  She noticed a fat, fluffy calico cat sitting on Dovie’s porch with its tail thumping impatiently up and down as it watched Dovie’s every move.  She laughed and felt for the first time in a long time like things were finally looking up.  And the rain had stopped, only brilliant sunshine filled the blue sky now.
Chapter Two

The bright sunlight came pouring through the turquoise bedroom drapes, waking Sunny up from sleep.  She sat up in bed looking around at the thin layer of dust that lay covering the furniture and thought of all the redecorating work ahead of her.  It excited her.  “I better get going,” she whispered to herself, “It’s going to be beautiful when I get finished.  I just got to get a plan together.  Where to begin?  Where to begin?”  Sunny got up, took a shower and put on a pair of jean shorts and a short sleeved olive green t-shirt and made herself a quick breakfast of toast and tea.
As she sat in the kitchen and looked around she thought it would be a good idea to start remodeling the downstairs area where the kitchen, front room and powder room were. She decided to go to the large home improvement store close by that sold just about everything she would need.  She rummaged around in the garage and found the measuring tape and took measurements of the current cabinets in the kitchen and powder room, as well as the floor area of each room including the front room.  She took pictures on her digital camera of the whole kitchen, powder room, and front room.  She slipped on her sandals and grabbed her purse and headed out the door to her car.  
She was glad to see that the store was not crowded yet since it had just opened less than an hour ago.  Making her way toward the back of the store to look at kitchen cabinets and appliances, Sunny had a vision of what she wanted.  There was quite a variety of different styles and colors of cabinets on display.  A man wearing a red apron with the store logo on it approached her.  “Hi, my name is Eric.  Are you looking for something in particular that I could help you with today?”  He asked as he flashed her a big smile that lit up his brown eyes and made dimpled indentations in his cheeks.
“Hi, well I’m completely remodeling my kitchen.  I have in mind cabinets in a rustic maple finish, countertops I’ll have to see what you have.  The floor I want travertine tiles in warm golden tones and a new stove and refrigerator.  I am also updating my powder room and front room, so I’ll need to look at bathroom vanities, toilets, mirrors, lighting fixtures, and carpeting.”  Sunny quickly said before the vision faded. 
“I’m sure we can find all that right here for you.  We offer free local delivery too.
Great.  What about installation?
Yes, we do have installers.  They will tear out everything you are replacing and haul it away, the floor too if you want.
Wow, one stop shopping.  This will make it smooth going.”
It didn’t take that long for Sunny to find everything to remodel her kitchen so she continued shopping and found the perfect floor tiles, new toilet and cabinetry, as well as a beautiful mirror with lighting for the downstairs powder room.  Since she was on a roll, she also found the perfect carpet for her front room.  Eric helped her with scheduling all the installations.  By noon she was out of the store.  She stopped at the local grocery store where she was able to get a bunch of free cardboard boxes in various sizes to bring home and start packing her kitchen and bathroom vanity cabinet items in.
At home Sunny got to work and in no time was finished with all the packing.  She then decided to see what she would need for the three bedrooms and the bathroom upstairs.  The bedroom and hallway floors were wooden and just needed a good wax and buffing.  The bathroom she would just need to paint and replace the vanity, toilet, mirror, and lighting fixture.  The floor was just replaced not even a year ago and the old claw foot tub had been refinished a few years ago and she wanted to keep it since she loved the look of it.  The bedrooms just needed paint and some new drapes and bedspreads, maybe a new rug here and there and that was it.  She didn’t have to think about furniture since her grandmother mostly had beautiful solid wood furniture throughout the house already.  This is going to look great when I get done! Sunny thought.
She headed down to the basement.  Her eyes scanned the washer and dryer, which still looked to be in good condition.  Nearby shelves held bottles of detergent, softener, and bleach.  An ironing board with an iron sitting on it and an old wooden table were across from the washer and dryer.  A small Christmas tree adorned with lights and ornaments was covered with a sheet.  Next to the tree there were three red plastic bins with green lids with the word Christmas written on a piece of wide masking tape that was put on each of them.  Sunny smiled thinking how her grandmother was so good at organizing.
There was that old wooden rocking chair that she remembered rocking on as a child.  Other bins lined the wall that held picture books, mementos, and various odds and ends.  She saw an old, beautifully crafted wooden rocking cradle.  Sunny went up to it and starting rocking it as she thought of how much she used to love playing mommy to her baby dolls.  Now with everything that has happened so far in her adult life she wondered if she would ever get to be a mother.  
Out of the corner of her eye she caught a glimpse of a big antique steamer trunk.  The hinges creaked as she opened it.  She gasped.  To her amazement was the doll!  The life-sized baby doll she remembered playing with when her grandmother let her.  She gently reached in and took it out of the trunk.  She ran her fingers over its soft, light blond hair.  The doll’s eyes opened.  They were a clear, crystal blue color that drew you into them.  She gazed at its hint of a smile and pudgy little arms and legs and held the doll close to her.  “I remember you.  You were my favorite doll and I loved you so much!”  Sunny said quietly to it.
As she held the doll she noticed that the trunk also held a lot of clothing for the doll.  She gave the doll a kiss on top of its head and gently laid it back in the trunk on top of the clothes and closed the trunk lid.  I’ll have to bring this up to my bedroom and go through it once the remodeling is done.  Sunny thought as she headed back up the stairs.
By now it was getting late and she still needed to eat dinner.  She opened her freezer and took out a frozen dinner to microwave.  She quickly ate and decided to shower and go to bed early since there would be workmen at her home to start the remodeling in the morning.  She hoped she could sleep, being so excited that things were looking up for her.
Chapter Three

Sunny awoke a few minutes before her alarm clock went off.  She could hear a chorus of birds singing from the open window.  A light breeze blew her curtains and the room was filled with the glow of the rising sun.  What a beautiful morning!  A good start to my day! Sunny thought as she headed into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee.  She got dressed and ate breakfast.
A little while later she heard the doorbell ring.  She was surprised to see Eric from the home improvement store standing on her porch.  There was a large truck and workmen were lifting boxes of tiles out of it.
“Good morning!  We’re here to start working.” Eric said with a big smile.
“Hi, I’m surprised to see you.  I didn’t know that you also do remodeling work.” Sunny said.
“Actually, I just thought I’d come with the crew to make sure that it goes smoothly.  You still look confused.” Eric said as he looked into her eyes.
“Are you their supervisor?”
Eric laughed, “I am the store owner and have crews that work for me on projects.
Oh, okay.  I understand now.  I didn’t know you owned the store.  I thought you just had a job there.  Hey, come on in.  I made a pot of coffee and I have some coffee cake to share.”  Sunny said as she held the screen door open.
Eric walked in.  “Thanks, but they will be working in your kitchen so I am going to have to pass on that.”
Sunny blushed, “How stupid of me to forget!  Oh, I have to go back to your store later on when they are done for the day.  I decided to update the upstairs bathroom so I need to order a new vanity, toilet, mirror, and light fixtures.
That’s easy to include while the crew is already on the job.  Why don’t I take you back to the store now and you can pick out what you want.  We shouldn’t be gone that long.
I don’t want to bother you.  You’ve got enough to do.
I insist.  Hey, you’re giving me more business.”  Eric laughed.
“Well, since you word it that way, then I’ll take you up on the offer.
Let’s go.  We can take my truck.”  He said as he pointed to the silver pickup truck parked in front of the big company truck.
Eric stopped to talk to an older gray haired man that was standing in the driveway looking down at a clipboard in his hand.  “Frank, I’ll be back.  I’m taking the lady of the house to the store.  She wants her upstairs bathroom done too.  That shouldn’t be a problem adding that work in, right?  I should have all the items already in stock at the store.
No problem, boss.  More work, more money to make.”  Frank said and they both laughed.  Pfffffeeerrrtt!!!  “Excuse me, I’m sorry.  I blew it.  The older I get, the more they come out on their own.”  Frank said as his face turned red.  “It is a good thing you both are not down wind of that one.  I have to tell my Mary no more beans in my burritos.”  They all broke down laughing.  
“Frank, this is Sunny, the lady of the house.  Sunny, this is Frank, he is the supervisor on the job.
Pleased to meet you.”  Frank said as he shook Sunny’s hand.
“Pleased to meet you too, Frank.”  
Eric and Sunny took off to the store.  Sunny was able to find all the items she needed. Eric checked his inventory on his computer and he had it all in stock.
They headed back to the house.  Eric peeked in the kitchen where the sounds of cabinets being torn down could be heard.  He walked to the front room by Sunny who was looking out the big picture window.  “So are you new to the area, Sunny?  I haven’t seen you around and this is a small town.
Well when I was twelve years old my mother passed away and I came here to live with my grandmother.  I left to go to college and afterwards I lived in Boston before I came back here when my grandmother passed away.”  Sunny replied as she twisted a lock of her hair.
“I’m sorry to hear about your mother and grandmother.  Are you going to sell the house and go back to your family in Boston?”
Sunny looked away and sighed.  “No, I’m staying here.  I have nothing to go back to in Boston.  My fiancé passed away in a car accident three months ago.
Excuse me.  Where is the kitchen?” a workman asked as he carried a box of tiles through the front door.
“To your left.”  Sunny pointed.
“I’m sorry that you have been through so much in such a short time.  If you are up to it I’d like to take you out to dinner tonight.  I enjoy your company.”  Eric said as he looked down at his hands and then into Sunny’s eyes.
“I ah....umm....okay....sure.  I enjoy talking to you too.” Sunny blushed.
“How about I pick you up around 7:00?
Yes, that sounds good.
Do you like Italian food?  There is an excellent Italian restaurant that I know of in town.
Yes, I know about it too.  My grandmother worked there for years.  I haven’t been to see it lately so I’m curious if it has changed that much.”
Eric smiled. “Then it’s a date.  I better get to the store now.  I’ll see you at 7:00!” Eric walked out the front door.  He stopped outside and talked to Frank for a while and then got into his shiny silver pickup truck and left.
Sunny stood there stunned and thought, did I just accept a date?  Well Eric did seem like a nice, easy-going person that was pleasant to talk to.  He was handsome too with his piercing brown eyes, his muscular arms, probably from lifting heavy items at his store, and always smiling with those cute dimpled indentations.  I’m surprised he’s not married.  Or is he?  Geeze, I better stop thinking like that!  Sunny chuckled.
By late afternoon the crew was done with the kitchen floor, cabinets, and sink.  They had even moved in the new stainless steel refrigerator and stove.  The crew had done an exceptional job and Sunny was pleased with the finished look of her kitchen.
She busied herself un-packing her dishes and putting them away in the new cabinets.  She wiped down the counters and floor and moved the kitchen table back in.  Then she went upstairs to freshen up and get ready for her dinner date with Eric.  She chose a simple but cute white dress with a cherry pattern on it.  Her hair she pinned back in a French twist.  She skillfully applied a little makeup and sprayed a softly scented perfume on her wrists.
Not long afterward Eric arrived.  He looked so handsome; the white short-sleeved shirt complimented his tan and showed off his biceps.  His slightly wavy, thick, dark brown hair curled just above his shirt collar in the back.  He held a bouquet of yellow lilies and white daisies in which he gave to Sunny when she opened the screen door. “I thought these would look good in your new kitchen.
They’re beautiful!  Thank you!  Come on in and see the kitchen.  It turned out so nice.  Your crew did an excellent job!”
Eric followed Sunny into the kitchen.  “Wow, this looks like it should be pictured in a magazine.  I like what you picked out.  You would make a great interior designer.”  
“Well thank you.” Sunny said as she took out a vase, arranged the flowers in it, and put it on her kitchen table.  They headed out the door to Eric’s truck.
The restaurant looked different but that was no surprise to Sunny since she had not gone there for years.  Eric asked the waiter if they could have a table in the back where it was more private.
“So tell me about yourself, Eric.  I only know that you own a great home improvement store.”  Sunny laughed as she looked at the menu.
“I was the only child of Ed and Barbara Palmer.  I’m thirty-five years old.  My parents owned a prosperous hardware store back in Los Angeles.  They passed away ten years ago within months of each other and I took over running the business.  I got married when I was twenty-two to a wonderful, beautiful woman named Marissa.  She died from leukemia seven years ago.  We never had any children.  I sold the hardware store and bought an older fixer-upper home out here.  I decided this town needed a good home improvement store when I had to travel miles away to get the stuff I needed to fix up my house.  I like to make furniture as a hobby.  Oh, and I like to fish.  See how boring of a person I am?” laughed Eric.
“I am sorry that you’ve had to deal with a lot of heart-ache too, Eric.”
Just then the waiter appeared and took their order.  The restaurant quickly filled up.  “Boy, it sure got busy around here fast!”  Sunny said as she looked around.
“This is the best place to eat in this town, so I’m not surprised.”
The food came in no time at all.  They left after they ate since it was hard to have a conversation with so many people talking in the restaurant.  Eric drove Sunny home and walked her to her door.
“Thank you for the dinner, Eric.  I had a wonderful time.
My pleasure.  The workmen will be out early in the morning tomorrow to finish the rest of the remodeling.
Your crews waste no time in getting things done.  I can start painting the remodeled rooms afterwards then.
What rooms and what colors are you doing?’
“Come in so I can show you in the light the colors I’ve picked out.”  Sunny said as she opened the door and walked in the house.  She turned on the light and went in her purse and pulled out the paint color swatches and gave them to Eric.
“Are you going to do flat, satin, or a glossy paint finish?”  Eric asked as he looked at the colors.
“Satin for all the rooms.
I like these colors you’ve picked out.  They’re very soothing.  Well I better let you go so you can get to bed early.”  Eric said with a smile as he headed out the door to his truck.
Chapter Four

Sunny woke up early and decided to stop by Daisy’s Donuts to see if they were open.  If she was correct the little café/bakery opened at 6:30 am and served the best coffee and freshly baked donuts as well as simple breakfast items like bacon and eggs.  Lunch on their menu consisted mostly of soups, salads, and sandwiches.  The shop closed at 2:30 pm.  She pulled up in the parking lot and noticed it still had the same name.  The outside light gray stone building had a cute red and white awning over the shop window that matched the red and white striped café curtains in the window.  It had an old fashioned look to it that was so charming.  The original Daisy that opened the donut shop years ago had passed away and now her granddaughters’ ran the shop.
The aroma of the freshly baked donuts could be smelled in the parking lot.  Sunny’s stomach growled. She heard the front door bells chime when she opened it.  She recognized Sheila from when they both were in eighth grade together.  Sheila had just put out some very yummy looking donuts in the see through buying case.  She looked up when she heard the chimes ring and had a look of you look familiar, do I know you from somewhere?  “Hi Sheila?”  Sunny said warmly.
“Yes, may I help you?
It’s me, Sunny.  We were in the same eighth grade class.  I’m Blanche’s granddaughter.
I thought you looked familiar.”  Sheila said as she ran from behind the counter and gave Sunny a big hug.  “Oh my God, it’s been a long time.  You look marvelous!”  
“So do you, Sheila. I like the look of your shop and my stomach has agreed with the smells coming out of it.” 
They both laughed.  Sheila fixed the hairnet over her brown hair and moved her hands over her apron smoothing out the creases.  “Thank you.  The donuts are still the same original recipe.  We offer lower calorie, healthier versions too.  If you could say that in regards to donuts.”  Sheila laughed.  “Just trying to keep up with the times.  So how have you been?
I’ve been alright.  I came back here when my grandmother passed away.  I wasn’t sure if I would stay but I have fallen in love with this town and its people.  I’ve been keeping myself busy having the house remodeled.
I heard about your grandmother and I’m so sorry.  She was a wonderful, sweet woman and many people will miss her.  People would actually come from miles around to buy her famous minestrone soup at the restaurant.  Oh man, just thinking about those lunches she made us.  The huge hamburgers with the big French fries!  I’m glad to hear you’re staying here.”  Sheila said as she hugged Sunny again. “Just seeing you brings back the memories of the fun times we had!”
Just then the door chimed open again.  “Look, let’s exchange phone numbers and get together soon.”  Sheila said as she went back behind the counter and grabbed a pen and paper.  “I’ll be with you in a minute, Dorothy.
Take your time, Sheila. It takes me a while to decide what I want.”
Sheila scribbled her phone number on a piece of paper and took down Sunny’s phone number.  “Now what can I get you today, Sunny?
I need two dozen donuts.  Give me a variety.  I am going to offer them to the workmen working on remodeling my house.  They are such hard workers and get things done fast and do an exceptional job.  Oh, and also give me a pound of your famous coffee beans.”  
Sheila got together the order quickly.  “Here you go.  Call me when you have some free time.
I definitely will!”  Sunny said as she gathered her order and headed out the door.
The workmen arrived by 8:00 that morning.  This time Eric wasn’t with them.  Sunny felt a slight disappointment.  She talked to the crew supervisor Frank and told him there were fresh donuts and coffee for him and his crew in the kitchen.  He thanked her.  She wanted so desperately to ask if Eric would be coming but held herself back.  She had a great morning so far with meeting her friend Sheila.
Thinking of friends, she thought she’d take two of the donuts over to Dovie and visit her.  She seen Dovie’s cat sitting on the ledge of the porch so she presumed that Dovie was already up.  She went and found Frank and gave him her cell phone number and told him she would be next door for a while in case he needed to talk to her.
Dovie’s cat watched Sunny’s every move as she climbed up the steps to Dovie’s front porch.  Sunny knocked on the door.  She could hear the creaking on the wooden floor getting closer.  Dovie opened the door and when she seen Sunny she broke out in a big smile.  “Sunny!  It’s so good to see you again!  Come on in, child.”
Sunny came in and gave Dovie a kiss on her cheek.  “I’ve bought some fresh donuts for us at Daisy’s Donut Shop this morning.
I can smell them.  I just made a pot of coffee.”  
They headed into the kitchen.  “Sit down and I’ll get us some coffee.”  Dovie said as she pulled two mugs out of her cabinet and filled them.  “So how have you been?  I see there have been a lot of workers at your house.” 
“Yes.  They have been doing such a great job and they work really fast.  My kitchen is already done.  They are doing the rest of the remodeling today.  It’s hard to believe.  I thought it would’ve taken weeks to finish.”  Sunny said as she grabbed her cup of coffee and took a sip.
“Whom did you go to for the remodeling?
The home improvement store in town.  Eric the owner was wonderful in helping me.  It’s his crews.
Oh yes, I know Eric.  He is a nice man.  He came out here I’d say around five years or so ago.  We needed that home improvement store out here, especially since a lot of the houses are old now.
Yes, Eric told me that too.  He had bought a fixer-upper home and said he had to travel miles to the nearest store to find what he needed.”
They could hear a cat scratching at the front door.  “ I think Purrley wants to come in now.”  Dovie said as she started to get up.
“Stay put.  I’ll let in the cat.”  Sunny said as she hurried to open the door.  The cat hesitated before walking in the door like she wasn’t sure if she was at the right house.  “I would like you to come over and see the house when it’s done.”  Sunny said as she walked behind Purrley into the kitchen.
“I would love to.”
Purrley jumped on Dovie’s lap and stared at Sunny.  “The way Purrley keeps on staring at me I think she knows what I said and doesn’t like you leaving her.”  Sunny laughed as she moved forward to pet the cat.
“She is a spoiled one.  When I was in the hospital for a stroke a few years back your grandmother had watched Purrley for me.  That was the first time I had to leave her for a few days.  I think she just wants to go with me wherever I go to make sure I don’t leave her.
How did you get Purrley?
She was a stray.  I saw her hiding under some tall evergreens in my yard during the winter.   I would leave her little scraps of food and she would cautiously creep out and eat them.  It was a bad winter, a lot of snow and freezing temperatures.  I had a neighbor’s boy help me catch her.  I called the local veterinarian and she sent one of her worker’s out to pick up Purrley and bring her to her animal clinic.  They kept her for two weeks to see if anyone claimed her and when no one did I adopted her.  The vet gave her a full checkup, shots, had her fixed, and then dropped her off at my home.  Purrley and I have been best companions since.  She likes to give me massages with her paws on my back.”  Dovie chuckled.
Sunny laughed and got up and took the empty cups and plates to the sink.
“How’s the temperature outside?” Dovie asked as she sat and petted Purrley.
“Nice.  It’s warm with a light breeze.”  Sunny said as she rinsed out the cups and reached for the dish detergent.
“Leave the dishes, Sunny.  There aren’t that many to do and I like to do them later after dinner.  It’s a routine habit.  I feel like it helps my digestion if I get up to do them after dinner.”  Dovie laughed.  “Let’s go sit on my porch.”
Purrley immediately ran to the front door.  “Wow, I think Purrley understood what you said!
You’re right.  I say that to her whenever I do.  She knows now what it means.”  Dovie got up and they walked out to the big front porch.  They sat on some soft padded chairs.  Sunny could see the workmen carrying the old front room carpeting out while other workman took big rolls of new carpeting off the truck.  Purrley jumped back on the porch railing ledge in her same old spot she always seemed to be.
“Hi, Mrs. Goodwin.  I came to cut your grass.”  Tommy McPherson said as he walked toward the house.
“Hi, Tommy!  The lawn mower is in the garage.” Dovie said as she waved.  “That’s the boy that offers his grass cutting services for us older folks around here.  He is a good, reliable kid.  He doesn’t charge much.
That’s good to hear.  You know, Dovie, if ever you need me to pick anything up at the store for you or take you places you can always let me know.  Or any kind of help you might need.  It’s no problem whatsoever.  Do you still have my gram’s phone number?  I haven’t changed the home phone number.
Yes, I have it.  Thanks, dear.”
Sunny saw a familiar silver pickup truck belonging to Eric turn down their street and stop close by the house.  Eric got out of the truck and walked toward Sunny’s house.  He noticed Sunny sitting on Dovie’s porch, so he headed toward them.
“Hi, Mrs. Goodwin!  Hi, Sunny!”  Eric said with that dimpled smile of his.
“Hi!”  Sunny and Dovie both said at the same time.
“Come on up and sit with us, Eric, and I’ll make us some lemonade.”  Dovie said.
“Thanks, but I can’t right now Mrs. Goodwin.  I have to get back to the store.  I just wanted to check on how the remodeling was going by Sunny’s house.”  Eric smiled again and turned to walk back.
“I’m going to go now to see if they have any questions or concerns.”  Sunny said as she got up and gave Dovie a quick kiss on her cheek.
“Okay, please feel free to come over anytime.  And thanks for the delicious donut!”  Dovie said as she got up to go back in her house with Purrley following close behind.
“You’re welcome!”  Sunny said above the sound of the lawn mower as she quickly walked toward her house.
Eric was standing in the doorway leading to the front room talking to Frank.  The carpet was already down and the workers were in the middle of installing the new bathroom vanity in the powder room.  She could hear other workers in the upstairs bathroom.  A man came down the stairs carrying the old white toilet out.  She walked back outside and watched as a new light blue toilet and white marbled vanity top with a light blue sink in it was taken out of the truck and carried into the house towards the upstairs bathroom.  Eric has a ton of workers working in my house!  It’s like an anthill, workers everywhere, Sunny thought.
Eric finished talking to Frank and noticed Sunny outside on the lawn so he walked over to her.  “It’s pretty busy in there right now.
I know.  I was just in there.  You were talking to Frank and I didn’t want to interrupt.
Well, everything is going according to plan. You picked a good time, Sunny.  It was a very slow time for us so I had extra crews that could come out and do the work and get it done a lot faster.
It’s almost unbelievable.  I thought it would take weeks to finish.
Normally it would have, but like I said, you picked a good time to have it done.
I think it’s because you know what you’re doing too.
Thank you.  Hey, how about coming with me for some lunch?  Frank will keep a watch on your house and his workers.  He is trustworthy.
You’ve done too much for me already, Eric.
What!  Look at all the work you gave us.  Besides, you shouldn’t be hanging around your house right now with all the work being done. You could get hurt.
Okay, but I’m paying.
Don’t be silly ma’am.
Ma’am?”
Eric laughed.  “I mean Sunny.  Don’t be silly, Sunny.”  He put his arm around Sunny’s back and walked her to his truck.
Eric took the main road out of town and headed for the expressway.  “Hey, where are you taking me?”  Sunny asked.
“Someplace out of the way.  You’ll see when we get there.
Hmmm.”
An hour later they got off the expressway and took another road for a couple of miles.  Eric turned onto a little dirt road, drove a little further, and pulled the truck off the road.
“Where are we?  I don’t see any places to eat.
Trust me.”  Eric smiled, jumped out of the truck, and opened Sunny’s door.
Sunny took Eric’s hand and got out of the truck.  He went to the back of the pickup and grabbed two fishing rods, a tackle box, a cooler, and a big old blanket.  Sunny laughed.  “I get it, we are going to have to work to get our lunch!
Follow me.”  Eric said as he led them to an opening in the trees where there was a river.  He laid down the blanket near the water and opened his tackle box.  He had a small container of worms in it.  “Here, stick one of these worms on your hook.
What?  Ick!  No way am I going to touch a worm!  I’m going to wait back in the truck.”  Sunny exclaimed as she got up and started walking.
Eric bent over laughing.  “Sunny, wait!  I was just kidding!  I wanted to see your expression when I said that.  Please wait!”  Eric got up and ran over to Sunny.
She pushed his arms away.  “It’s not funny.  Next you’ll tell me to clean the fish and cook it for you.”
Eric couldn’t stop laughing until he seen how upset Sunny was.  “I’m sorry.  I promise I won’t act like an ass anymore.  I’ll do the fishing myself or if you want I’ll take you someplace nice to eat.”  
Sunny looked at Eric.  He did look sad.  She thought why do I have to have this irrational fear of worms?  I am so embarrassed acting like such a big baby.  It was just a worm.  Not like it was a snake.  There were probably tons of females that hooked worms on their fishing rods.  She touched Eric’s arm, smiled and said, “You’re it!” and ran from him.
It took him a second to realize he was forgiven and she was now being playful.  He ran and in no time caught up to her and grabbed her.  He turned her around and quickly gave her a kiss.  She looked stunned.  “Do that again and I shall kiss you again!”  Eric said.
Sunny pushed him away and ran.  Eric started running and tripped over a tree root and fell.  “OW!  OW!  OW!”
Sunny heard Eric’s cry and turned.  She saw him sitting on the ground holding his ankle.  His face grimaced in pain.  She ran back to him.  “Are you alright?
I tripped over that big tree root.  I think I messed up my ankle.”
Sunny bent down to look at his ankle.  Eric quickly grabbed her and flipped her on the ground.  He kissed her before she could say anything.  He looked into her blue eyes and then closed his eyes and kissed her again.  Sunny wasn’t trying to get away.  She put her arms behind his neck while they kissed.  He lifted her up and carried her to the big blanket by the river.  He gently laid her down.  They kissed some more.
Sunny put her hands around the back of Eric’s head.  Her fingers caressed his thick hair.  She didn’t know what kind of cologne he wore but he smelled delicious.  His hand was gently holding the side of her face.  She opened her eyes slightly and looked at him.  His eyes were closed.  He had long, thick black eyelashes.  She saw a tiny scar just above his right eyebrow that she never noticed before.  She closed her eyes again and moved her hands over his biceps and down his back.  She could feel the heat from his body.
“Bzzz, bzzz, bzzz.”  Both Eric and Sunny opened their eyes to the sound of Eric’s cell phone ringing.
“Sorry.” Eric said as he sat up and reached in his pocket.  He pulled out his phone and looked at the number calling him.  “It’s the store.  I better answer it.  They know to only call me if it’s an emergency.”
The sound of the phone ringing jolted Sunny out of the paradise she was feeling and was replaced by the flash back bad memory of the day she got the phone call on her fiancé’s deadly accident.  She felt tears starting to well up in her eyes.  She quickly got up and walked toward the river’s edge.
Eric took the call and watched as Sunny walked away.  She reminded him of a butterfly, so beautiful and fragile.  She stood closer to the river’s edge.  Her head was down and her right hand kept on going toward her eyes.  Was she crying? He thought.  I hope not.  I hope I didn’t come on too strong too fast.  It just feels magical when I’m with her.  I don’t want to lose her.  He finished the conversation on the phone as soon as he could.  He walked over to Sunny and touched her arm.  “Hey, are you alright?”
She nodded.  “Just got a bad flash back when your phone rang.  But I’m fine now.”  She whispered as she lifted her head and smiled at him.  “Is everything okay at the store?
That was Steve, the store manager.  It appears that one of the stock boys was placing a heavy box on the shelf and he didn’t move his hand away quick enough when the box dropped.  His little finger got caught under it.  So it’s all swollen and he can’t bend it.  Steve put ice on it.  I told him to have one of the other employees take him to the hospital and have it x-rayed and see what the doc says.
Do you need to head back?”  Sunny asked with concern showing on her face.
“No.  It’s under control.  Hey, we need to eat lunch!”  Eric walked over to the cooler and opened it.  I hope she doesn’t think worms are for lunch!  He thought.  “Come here and have a seat.”
Sunny walked over and sat on the blanket with Eric.  He pulled out two wine glasses and a bottle of wine, a hunk of cheese, and a bunch of grapes.  He closed the lid on the cooler.  “This isn’t much.  I’ll take us to get a better meal on the way back.” He said as he poured the wine into the glasses.
“This is perfect.  I prefer a light lunch like this.  You think of everything.
No, I forgot to bring with the small collapsible table and chairs.
Are you still going to teach me how to fish?”  Sunny asked.
Eric laughed.  “I think next time.  I’ll bring with different bait like corn kernels and hot dogs.  Besides, I think we’ve had enough excitement for today!”
Their eyes met.  “This is really a nice, quiet place, Eric.
Yeah, I come here to fish and unwind.  I don’t think anyone else knows of this place.  Just me, and now you.”
Sunny blushed and looked down.  They finished their lunch and decided to pack up and head back.  When they got to Sunny’s house the big truck was gone.  Eric went to check in with Frank.  Sunny could hear the sound of a machine buffing the wooden floors upstairs.  She was ready to go take a look when she noticed Eric coming toward her.  “Frank has told me that all the work is done except for waxing and buffing the wooden floors and that’s just about done.  Shall we go take a look?
I was just about to do that.”  Sunny said.  They climbed the stairs.  Sunny walked into the bathroom.  “Oh how nice it looks!”
Eric looked at Sunny’s expression.  She did look pleased, all wide-eyed and smiling.  I love seeing her like this.  Eric thought.  I like seeing her as much as possible and now that the work is done I hope I still can.
Sunny turned and clapped her hands together while she looked at Eric.  “Thank you so much!  I love it!
You’re welcome, but I didn’t do any of the work.
You’ve helped tremendously.  By having such a good variety in your store, talented workers, smooth scheduling, and great customer service.”
The sound of the floor machine turned off.  Eric walked to the bedroom where he knew the guy was working in.  “All done,” said the worker as he wound the cord up.  Eric looked at the floor.  It looked great, nice and shiny.  His eyes caught a photo of Sunny and some guy in a frame on the bedside table.  I wish I didn’t see that. He thought.  He felt jealous.  But then I still have pictures of Marissa at home and in my wallet.  But still….
Sunny was next to Eric when she noticed him looking at the photo of her and Paul.  She wanted to get him out of that room and away from that photo right away.  “The floors are so new looking!”  She walked out to the hallway.  Eric followed but didn’t say anything as they went downstairs to where Frank was.
“Hi!”  Frank said and waved his arms back and forth.  “We are all done!  Caput!”
Sunny laughed.  “Hi, Frank.  You and your crews did an outstanding job.  Thank you!
Yes, thanks, Frank.  Great job.” Eric said as he gave Frank a pat on the back.  “I’ll be heading back to the store.  There was a little accident.  A worker crushed his finger.  I want to find out what the doc said.”
Frank let out a low whistle.  “I hope everything will be okay.
It should be.”  Eric said as they walked to the front door.
“Okay, I’m going now.  It’s been a pleasure meeting you and working on your home.”  Frank said as he took Sunny’s hand and bowed.
“It’s been a pleasure meeting you too, Frank.  Thanks again.”
Frank headed out the door.  Eric turned to Sunny.  “I’ve got to get back to the store.  Is there any concerns you have with the work?
Absolutely not.  Thank you for the wonderful lunch you took me to today.
My pleasure.”  Eric said as he took Sunny’s hand, kissed it, and quickly walked out the door.
He’s behaving peculiar.  She thought.  It’s probably over the hurt store worker.  No, he probably thinks I’m a nut case after today.  First I cry, then laugh, then cry again.  That’s why he left so fast.
Sunny closed the door.  She felt mentally exhausted.  She decided to go take a relaxing bubble bath and go to bed early.  She walked back up the stairs to her bedroom.  Her eyes instantly went to the photo of her and Paul.  She picked up the picture frame and looked at it.  It seems like such a long time ago that I was with Paul and lived in Boston.  I think I’m falling in love with Eric.  Love hurts.  Why do I feel guilty for having these feelings?  I feel so at home here.  I belong here.  It feels right.  I don’t remember having such intense feelings like I do when I’m with Eric.  I had a different relationship with Paul.  Now that I think back to it, Paul was demanding.  He always had to have his way.  He was controlling.  I never knew what to expect from a relationship.  I had one boyfriend in high school.  It was cool to have a boyfriend.  He walked me to my classes.  I even wore his class ring that I wrapped angora yarn around so that it would fit my finger.  We just French kissed.  I broke up with him when I overheard him telling his friends he went all the way with me.  That was a lie.  He was immature.  Then I met Paul.  I guess I believed that the way he acted was acceptable.  Eric has changed that view.  Gentleman comes to my mind when I think of him. He seems so thoughtful, caring, patient, funny, and mature.  Oh and I can’t forget sexy!  You’d think a guy that looked like him would be conceited and arrogant.
Sunny opened up her closet and put the picture on the shelf and closed the door.  She took out a pair of her pajamas and clean underpants and walked to the hallway closet and took out clean towels.  She went into the bathroom and started the bath water and poured scented bubble bath in.  
Chapter Five

Sunny woke up after sleeping a sound sleep.  She usually would wake up a couple of times during the night, but last night she slept deeply.  She made herself a cup of tea and some toast and got dressed.
She gathered a laundry pail full of towels and went down to the basement.  She put the towels in the washer and added detergent and softener and started it.  She felt and heard something flutter by.  She turned and looked around but saw nothing.  Her eyes went to the steamer trunk.  Oh yeah, the doll!  She walked over to the trunk and tried to lift it, but it was too heavy.  Just then the doorbell rang.  It’s only 8:00 in the morning, who could that be?
She ran up the stairs and opened the front door.  There were men in painter’s overalls and caps standing on her porch.  “Hello.  I’m Ralph.  We are here to paint.”  He was a short, round man with a thick mustache and bowl haircut.
“I didn’t call any painters.  I think you have the wrong house.
Are you Ms. Meadows?
Yes, but I didn’t call to have you come out.  You have to be mistaken, sir.
Well, Eric at the home improvement store called us.
It figures.  Well come on in.  I’ll have to discuss this with Eric.  Hey, I was wondering if I could have two of your men to carry a trunk upstairs for me?  I tried to lift it, but it’s too heavy.
No problem.  We’ll do it now before we start painting.  Tony and Mark, come here.”  Tony and Mark reminded Sunny of the comic strip characters Mutt and Jeff.  Tony was tall and thin while Mark was short and chubby.  “I need you two to go with Ms. Meadows.  She has a trunk she needs carried upstairs.
Thank you.”  Sunny said, “Follow me.  The trunk is in the basement.”
They followed her to the basement where she pointed to the trunk.  As they were lifting the trunk Sunny remembered the wooden cradle.  “Oh, can you also please carry up this wooden cradle?
Sure.  Are these going to the first floor?”  Tony asked.  It was comical looking at them. Tony was so tall and held one end of the trunk but had to squat a bit so that Mark would be able to carry it without having to lift it high up.
“The second floor.  I’ll lead the way”
They put the trunk on the floor of Sunny’s bedroom and went back down to get the cradle.
Sunny walked into the kitchen where the rest of the painters were working.  Pastel Ming yellow paint was being rolled on the walls.  Drop cloths were placed all around the area.
There was knocking on the front screen door.  “Hello?”
It sounds like Eric, Sunny thought as she ran to the door.  “You!”  Sunny said as she pointed at Eric.
“Me?”  Eric said and laughed.  “Me what?
You!  Now I know why you were so interested in what rooms and colors of paint I was going to do!
Guilty!  I’ve been caught!”  Eric threw up his arms like he was going to be arrested.  Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a wooden cradle being carried upstairs.  Sunny followed his gaze.
“Was that a cradle I just saw?”  Eric asked as he locked eyes with Sunny.
“Yes.  I used to play with it when I was a kid.  I found it in the basement along with a steamer trunk that held a baby doll that I played with too.  Come on up and see it.  You said you like to make furniture and that cradle was handmade and is pretty old.”
Sunny started walking up the stairs, so Eric followed.  They went into her bedroom where the cradle sat on the floor.  Eric noticed that the photo wasn’t on her bedside table anymore.  He felt a sense of relief.  I wonder why the photo is gone.  Maybe she placed it somewhere else.  He knelt down by the cradle and rocked it. “Whoever built this did an excellent job.  You’re right, it is old.  It’s put together using wooden pegs.  Nice piece.
This old steamer trunk has the doll in it.  I have to show you her, she is so life-like!”  Sunny said with excitement.
Eric watched her open the trunk.  She carefully took out the doll and passed her over to Eric.  He looked down at the doll in his arms.  “Sure does look real.  Weighs as much as a baby that size.”  The doll’s eyes opened.  “Beautiful eyes.  That is a shade of blue that I’ve never seen before.  Looks almost like there is intelligence behind those eyes.  She looks like you probably did when you were a baby.  Blue eyes, blond hair, very beautiful.”  He said as he gently moved his fingers over the doll’s chubby hands.
“I was shocked to find this old stuff and in such great condition.”
She’s so cute, like a kid in a candy store.  That doll must have meant a lot to her, Eric thought as he watched her pull her hair back and take doll clothes out of the trunk.
“Look, a whole wardrobe for the doll!  I don’t remember these clothes.”  She took out each outfit and laid them on her bed.
“So what do you plan on doing with all of this?”  Eric asked as he still held the doll.
“Clean it up and keep it, like a collector.
Looking at you looking at your doll I could see the child within you come out.  I didn’t think you would part with it.
You’re right.  You know I’m really happy I decided to stay here.  I feel so safe.  Every day gets better and better for me.  I’ve met such wonderful people.  Seeing my old friend Sheila, whom I’m glad is as sweet as she always was.  I was reflecting last night on being here.  When I lived in Boston, I thought I was happy, but I forgot what true happiness is.”  She said as she folded the clothes and put them back in the trunk.  She smiled at Eric as she took the doll from him and laid it on top of the clothes.  “I was like a robot before I came.  I did what I was told.”
She was looking at the bedside table while telling him this.  Was she talking about living with her fiancé?  Eric wondered.  She’s looking at the same spot where that picture used to be.
Eric put his arms around Sunny and gave her a big hug.  “Let me tell you something.  I’ve had a wonderful time these days being with you.  My life is not so routine and boring.
I can understand that.  With me you never know what to expect.  I cry, I laugh, I cry again.”
He laughed and hugged her again, not letting go of her this time.  “So when can I bring you over to my place to see the furniture I’ve made?  I really would like your opinion.  And don’t be afraid to tell me of any changes that I could make.  You do have a good eye for picking out nice stuff.”
Sunny laughed as she looked him up and down.  “Yep, you can say that I do!”
Eric looked down and smiled that charismatic dimpled smile of his.
“Is today a good day to stop by?  Cuz I’m thinking that after the painters are done, if it isn’t too late, then I was going to go shopping around for new drapes for in my front room.  I can just head out to your house afterwards.
That’ll work for me.  Do you have a pen and paper handy?  I’ll give you my cell number and address.  You can give me a call to make sure I’ll be home and not at the store.”
Sunny went over to her dresser drawer and found a pen and paper and took down the information.
“My house is pretty easy to find.  It’s on the outskirts of town and the only house on the street.”
They heard painters in the bathroom across the hallway.  Eric walked over to see.  “Looks like they’re moving along pretty good.”
They went downstairs.  Ralph was outside getting more paint supplies out of the van.  Eric held the front door open as Ralph approached him.  “Hey, Ralph, how’s it going?”  
“It’s going good.  We should be done I’d say by 2:00 this afternoon.”  Ralph said as he looked up at Eric.
“Okay, sounds good, Ralph.”
Eric walked back in the house.  “I’m going to get going now, Sunny.  I’ll see you later.
Bye.  I’ll give you a call.  I’m looking forward to seeing the furniture you’ve made and your house!”  Sunny said as Eric walked back out the door.
Eric got back into his truck.  He could see Sunny still standing by the door watching him.  He started his truck and waved to her.  She waved back and walked away from the door.  I better head back home and do a little cleaning up before she comes over.
Eric pulled into his gravel driveway in front of his old white farmhouse and walked up the steps to his large porch and opened the front door.  As he walked in his front room, he fluffed up the smashed pillows on his couch, picked up a half empty can of cola and a closed bag of potato chips.  He picked up his t-shirt on the recliner and used it to do a quick dusting-over of the tables and TV.  He went to the fireplace mantel and took down the pictures of Marissa but left pictures of his parents and grandparents.  Room looks okay.  
These pictures of Marissa I will take and put in the box of stored pictures in the attic.  When he walked past the laundry room he threw his dirty t-shirt in the laundry basket.  He ran up the stairs and went into each room.  He found more pictures of Marissa and took them with him to store away.  He made his bed and picked up some clothes on the floor.  He put fresh towels in the bathroom and quickly scoured the sink and wiped down the vanity.  He went up to the attic and put the pictures of Marissa in with the other pictures in storage.  In the kitchen, he wiped all the counters, swept the floor, and stacked dirty dishes in the dishwasher and started it.  He cleaned the sink and put out a clean dishtowel.
Out in the backyard he walked over to the large garage and opened it.  Sawdust was everywhere.  He had been working on building a table to put by his front door entryway to go under the mirror there.  He grabbed the push broom and swept it out the best he could.  He arranged the pieces of furniture he made so it would be easy to look at them.  He looked out of the garage at the yard.  Thank God the grass doesn’t need cutting!  His eyes went to the barbecue and the patio furniture.  I should get some steaks and make us a barbecue for dinner.   He went back in the house to get his keys and go to the grocery store.
When he got back he put the steaks in the fridge.  I’ve been go, go, go with trying to clean the house up fast for the last few hours and now I stink from sweating.  I better take a shower!  He cleaned up and put on a clean pair of jeans and a new white t-shirt.  He splashed on cologne and went down to the kitchen, dried the dishes and put them away.
Sunny parked in front of Eric’s house.  It was a remodeled old farmhouse, freshly painted white, and had a huge front porch with a wide railing going around its sides.  She liked the look of it.  Hanging pots containing colorful red and pink petunias dangled down.  A wooden swing gently moved in the breeze.
Sunny rang the doorbell.  Eric opened the door. He was wearing a cowboy hat and boots.  “Welcome! Come on in.” he said as he held the door open for her.
“Thanks, cowboy.”  Sunny said.  “I like that hat.  It looks good on you.
I used to ride horses on my grandparents’ ranch in Texas when I was growing up.  My parents would let me stay with them during summer vacation.  Actually my parents had no choice.  I threw tantrums until they gave in and let me go.  I loved it out there.  I loved riding the horses.  Can I get you something to drink?
Yes, what do you have?”  Sunny asked as she looked around the room.  It’s nice.  He’s clean.  He looks darn cute in that cowboy getup.
“Let’s go in the kitchen.”  Eric suggested.
She walked past the fireplace mantel on her way.  “Who are the pictures of?”  Sunny asked.
Eric was already looking in the refrigerator and heard her say something.  He walked back to where she stood looking at the pictures.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you.  I had my head in the fridge.
Who are the pictures of?”  Sunny asked as she pointed to the pictures on the mantel.
“Oh that one is of my parents in front of their store when it first opened.  The other picture is of my grandparents on my mom’s side.  They are the ones that had the horse ranch.
You look like your dad.  Your parents were very good looking.
Thank you.  Okay, I have cola, orange juice, wine, and water to choose from.  What’ll it be?
Water, thanks.”
She followed Eric into the kitchen.  “Wow, this is a gorgeous kitchen.  You keep your house so clean considering how busy you are.
Just don’t look in any of the cabinets or closets.  They are ready to explode with all the junk that was laying around the house that I had to hurry up and stuff in them before you came.”
Sunny laughed as she walked over to the pantry door and opened it.  “Yeah right!  Look at how clean and organized your pantry is.”  
Eric gave the bottle of water to her. “Do you want to go out to the garage and see the furniture I made?”  
“Yes.  I’m curious.”  
Eric opened up the patio door and watched as Sunny walked in front of him.  She had her blonde hair up in a high ponytail and was wearing white shorts and a pink short-sleeved top.  “So were you able to find drapes for your front room?
Yes, I did.  They are slate blue lace curtains with matching valances.  The lace has a flower pattern on them.  Kind of old fashioned and romantic looking.
Is that what you like, old fashioned and romantic?”  Eric asked as they walked into the garage.
She looked at him and smiled.  “I do.”  Her eyes caught sight of the furniture neatly arranged in the garage away from all the woodworking machines.  She quickly walked over by the display.  She went from piece to piece, running her fingers over the wood and taking in all the intricate detailed work.  There were bookcases, desks, end tables, coffee tables, Shaker benches, and hutches.
“So what do you think?”  Eric asked as he touched her arm.
“Oh Eric, I’m speechless!  Every single piece is outstanding.  I love all of it!  Where did you learn how to make such beautiful furniture?
From my dad.  After my mom’s parents passed away they inherited the horse ranch in Texas.  They decided to sell the ranch and opened up the store in Los Angeles.  My father liked going to antique stores to buy furniture.  He decided to try his hand at crafting furniture himself and got good at it.  Owning the home improvement store, he had plenty of wood at his disposal.  He taught me when he knew I was interested and kept bugging him.
Have you sold any of it?”  Sunny asked as she opened a Shaker storage bench.
“I sold a few, but most I have given away as gifts.  The furniture you see now I made from just a couple of years back to present.  I’m currently making a table to go in my entryway under the mirror I have there.
I want to buy that Shaker storage bench next to the desk.  It would go good at the foot of my bed.  How much are you asking?
I’d say if you accept accompanying me to dinner today that would be sufficient.  I’m having steaks on the grill.  Deal?”  He looked at Sunny while pushing up his cowboy hat.
“No.  I mean yes!  I’ll have dinner with you, but you must accept money for the chest.  You’ve had to of put in a lot of time crafting it.”
He pushed his cowboy hat down and walked over to the Shaker storage bench and picked it up.  He walked over to his truck and put it in the bed of the pickup.  Wow, he picked up that heavy bench like it was nothing!  Sunny thought as she watched his big biceps bulge in his shirt.
“What are you doing?”  Sunny asked as she ran to catch up to him.
“I know where you live, Sunny.”  He laughed.  “Look, just knowing how much you love this piece and appreciate my work is enough for me.  Now how about some dinner?”  He grabbed her nose and gave it a little twist.
He went back to the garage and grabbed a bag of charcoal and started the grill.  They walked back to the kitchen.  He opened the refrigerator and rummaged around inside it.  “How about some baked potatoes and a salad to go with it?”  He asked while standing with the refrigerator door open.
“That sounds delicious.  I insist on helping though.”  She walked over by Eric.  He passed her the salad makings and she put them on the counter by the sink.  He took out a couple of potatoes and scrubbed them in the sink, pierced them all over with a fork, then wrapped them up in heavy-duty aluminum foil.  “I’m going to put these on the grill since they take awhile to cook.  I’ll be right back.”
She watched him through the kitchen window.  He is such a sweet guy.  How did I get to be so lucky?  She thought as she opened up the head of lettuce and starting cleaning the leaves.
Eric came back in the kitchen.  “How about a game of croquet to kill some time before we eat?  I’ll get it set up.
I haven’t played that game in years. I don’t remember how to.
It’s easy.  I’ll teach you.  Come on.”
Eric took the croquet stand out of the garage and embedded the wire wickets into the ground with the posts at each end.  They each picked out a color of mallet and matching wooden ball to play the game with.  “I’ll go first and explain as we go along.  It’s not hard.”  He said as he picked up his blue ball, placed it in front of the wooden post, and hit it through the first two wire wickets.  “Now I get to have two more shots since it went through the first two wickets.  I am going to try to get the ball as close to the next wicket or hoop, whatever you want to call it.
He took his two shots and it came pretty close to the next wicket.
He walked over to Sunny.  “Okay.  Put your ball down here in front of the post.”  He got behind her and took her arms and placed them on her mallet handle.  “Hold the mallet like this.  Now go ahead and hit the ball through.”
Sunny got excited to see her ball go flying through the wickets.  She hit the ball two more times.  The last of her hits, her ball knocked into Eric’s ball. 
“Since you hit my ball, you get two more hits.  Take your mallet and space it from my ball to where you want to put your ball.”  Eric said as he took her mallet to show her how she could place her ball.
They sped through the course and Sunny won.  “That’s what I get for being such a good teacher.  You either cheated or you knew how to play already and just wanted to know my secrets on the game.”  Eric laughed as he shook his head.
“Just beginner’s luck!”  Sunny laughed.  “Another round?
Yeah, but this time you’re on your own.”
They played two more rounds and Sunny won them both.  “I give up!  Never again do I want to play that game with you!”  Eric teased.
“What a sore loser.  Maybe you just let me win?
No, honestly I didn’t.  I’m just kidding about never playing croquet with you again.  I will practice when you’re gone and wait awhile until you get rusty and then we’ll play.
You shouldn’t tell me what you have planned, Mr. Palmer, for I shall go buy myself a croquet set now and practice too.
We’ll just see about that, Ms. Meadows!”  Eric laughed and grabbed his long handled fork and stuck it in one of the potatoes on the grill.  “Potatoes are tender.  I’ll start grilling the steaks, which shouldn’t take long to cook.  You can finish putting together the salad.”
They walked back to the kitchen.  Eric took one of his store aprons hanging in the pantry and put it on.  He took the steaks out to the grill.  Sunny started cutting up the tomatoes and cucumbers.  She added them to the lettuce and went to the refrigerator and found the bottled dressing.
A little later, Eric came back with a pan of steaks and potatoes he took off the grill.  He set the table and poured them each a glass of wine and they ate.  Sunny helped clean up and put the dishes in the dishwasher.  By now the sun was setting.
“Let’s go sit on the porch swing.”  Eric said as he walked to the front door.
“It’s so peaceful out here.”  Sunny said as Eric sat down next to her on the swing.  Lightning bugs lit up around them.  “I remember catching lightning bugs when I was a kid.”  Sunny said as one of the bugs landed on her arm and she caught it in her hand and let it go.
“I did too.  I would catch as many as I could and put them all in an empty pickle jar with holes I made in the lid.  Then let them go before I went back in the house.”  Eric said as he reached over and held Sunny’s hand.
“I had a wonderful time today, Eric.  Thank you so much.
Yeah, I imagine you did.  Beating me at croquet.”
Sunny laughed.  “Knowing you, you probably let me win.
Let’s not go there.”
Eric and Sunny both laughed.  “I better get going.  I’m exhausted from beating you at croquet.”  Sunny said as she got up from the swing and ran down the front steps to her car.
Eric was quick on his feet and right behind her.  “Excuse me, but I have to make a delivery to your house.  I’ll follow you and drop off the bench.  Wait in your car while I get my truck keys and lock up the house.”
Eric quickly got his keys and followed Sunny.  He pulled in her driveway and lifted the bench out of the back of his pickup.  Sunny held the door open for him as he carried it upstairs to her bedroom.  He placed it at the end of her bed.  “There you go, Ma’am.
Here we go with the word “Ma’am again!”  Sunny said as he ran out of her room and down the stairs to the front door.  He waited until she caught up to him.
He looked into her eyes.  “I want to thank you for the wonderful day I also had.  I look forward to seeing you again.”  He moved close to her and kissed her.  Then he tipped his cowboy hat and walked out the door.
I love this man so much!  Sunny thought as she closed the door.
Chapter Six

The next morning Sunny got up and stopped by the Shaker Storage Bench.  This is so beautiful.  She thought as she knelt on the floor and opened the chest and then the drawers.  I can move all those doll clothes into it after I wash them and take the old steamer chest back down to the basement.  I want to clean up the doll and cradle too.
She got up and went to get dressed and made her bed.  She carried the doll clothes down to put them in the washer.  Then she went to the kitchen and made herself a light breakfast, cleaned up, and brushed her teeth.  She went out to her car to take out the drapes that were still in her trunk. 
“Hi, Sunny!  How are you doing this fine morning?”  Dovie asked as she sat on her front porch chair.
“Oh hi, Dovie!  I’m doing great.  How are you doing?
Fine as can be.  I’m just taking in the morning air before it gets too hot.
Hey, if you want come on over so I can show you all the work that was done to my house.  Did you have breakfast yet?
Yes.  I did eat breakfast, but I would be thrilled to see your house.
Good.  I’ll put on a pot of coffee and take you on a tour of the rooms that were remodeled.”  Sunny said as she grabbed her bags of drapes and closed the trunk of her car.  She walked toward Dovie, who was making her way down the stairs to go to Sunny’s house.
They walked together and went into Sunny’s kitchen.  “Oh this looks so nice!”  Dovie said as her eyes scanned the kitchen.
“Thanks.  Have a seat while I start the coffee.”  Sunny said as she took out the can of coffee and walked to the sink to put water in the carafe.  “I am so pleased with the remodeling work that was done.  I couldn’t believe how fast it went.  Now I can concentrate on moving things around where I want them and getting all situated.”
She finished pouring the water in the coffee pot and turned it on.  “Let me show you the rest of the work that was done.”
Dovie got up and followed Sunny, who showed her the powder room and the new carpeting in the front room.  “I just bought these drapes for in here.”  Sunny said as she pulled out one of the panels of drapes from its wrapping.
“Oh that is going to look beautiful. I like lace curtains too.”  Dovie said as she looked at and felt the curtain panel.
“Let me show you upstairs now.”  Sunny said.  They walked into Sunny’s bedroom.  “Look at this Shaker storage bench, Dovie.  Isn’t it beautiful?
Oh, that is nice.  Where did you buy it?”  Dovie asked as she looked at it.
“Eric made it.  He makes furniture as a hobby.  His garage is filled with beautiful handcrafted furniture he made.”  
“He sure has talent.  He is such a nice man.  Always so polite.”  Dovie said as her hand glided over the top of the bench.
“Oh look at what I found in the basement.  The old doll and cradle I used to play with as a child.”  She opened the steamer trunk and lifted out the doll to show Dovie.
“I remember when your grandmother got the doll.  It was handmade by some missionary nuns that your grandmother always donated money to.  They sent it to her as a thank you.”  She took the doll from Sunny and held it.  The prophecy is coming true now.  She has the doll in her possession.  Dovie thought as she looked down at the doll.  The doll’s eyes opened.  “Beautiful doll.
I’m going to clean the doll up.  She’s been in that old trunk for a long time.  There was a whole bunch of doll clothes under the doll in the trunk.  I’m washing them now and I plan on keeping them in my new Shaker storage bench.  I’ve got to dust the cradle too.  Once I clean up the doll, I plan on keeping her in the cradle in my bedroom.  Like a collector’s doll.
Only use mild soap to wash the doll, Sunny.  The same kind of soap that you use to wash yourself with.”  Dovie said as she passed the doll back to Sunny.
Sunny’s cell phone started ringing.  She picked it up off her dresser and answered it.  “Hi, Eric!  I was just showing Dovie all the remodeling done and the Shaker storage bench you made.  She loves it.  I love it.  Is it busy at the store?”  Sunny continued talking for a minute and then finished her call.  “Eric said to tell you he said Hi!” 
“It’s no secret that you and Eric have been seeing each other a lot.”  Dovie said with a smile.  “Am I correct in assuming you two are …. ummm …. how would you say it …. ummm dating?”
Sunny blushed and looked down.  “I don’t know, Dovie.  I mean I don’t know how Eric feels about me.  I think he likes me.  I don’t know if he loves me.  He seems to want to see me.”  Sunny’s eyes looked up and off to the right as she chose the words to speak.
“How do you feel about Eric?”  Dovie asked, looking Sunny in the eyes.
Sunny hesitated and her eyes started to tear.  “I have fallen in love with him.  I hope this doesn’t make you think I have no heart since my fiancé Paul died not long ago and I have fallen in love again so quickly.”  A tear streaked down Sunny’s cheek.
“No, child.  I don’t think that way of you at all.”  Dovie took Sunny’s hand in hers and patted it.  “Eric is a fine young man and I could see how much he cares about you.  I think he is head over heels in love with you.  I have seen him walk with you, his arm around you.  The way he looks at you.  That is good.  I’ve known Eric since he came out here.  He was always polite to everyone, a real gentleman.  But you could sense a sense of loneliness about him.  Now after being with you he smiles a genuine, happy smile.  He beams with happiness.
You really think that?”  Sunny asked as she looked Dovie in the eye.
“Yes.  I would never make you think that if I didn’t believe it.
My relationship I had with Paul was different.  He was controlling and if I didn’t give in to what he wanted he got mean.  I just accepted that was how relationships were.  He had me believing that.  So when Eric came along, I thought he was just putting on an act to get me to go to bed with him.  But I was wrong.  It is like a fairy tale being with him.  He treats me like a princess.”  Sunny said and sighed.
“Well if Eric was putting on an act, I would have told you to stay away from him and gave him a piece of my mind to boot.  I loved your grandmother, and I love you.  I would never let anyone hurt you, child.
I love you too, Dovie!”  Sunny got up and hugged her while she cried.  “Thank you for your support and love.
God bless you, child.  God bless you.”  Dovie said as they hugged.
“God bless you too, Dovie, for being in my life.”
They pulled away from each other and smiled.  “How about some lunch?”  Sunny asked.
“Thank you, but no.  I have an appointment with the vet in a little while.  She is stopping by my house during her lunch break to have a look at Purrley’s right eye for me.  It is red and swollen and has discharge coming from it.
Okay, well I hope Purrley can get some medicine to relieve it soon.  I’ll check with you later.  I’ll be busy with a lot of odds and ends I have to do around here.”  
“And a handsome prince coming to visit you tonight I bet!”  Dovie said and winked.
Sunny blushed.  “Yes, and a handsome prince to be with tonight.
Good girl.”  Dovie said as she got up and walked to the front door.  Sunny walked out with Dovie and shut the front door behind her.  She walked Dovie to her house.  They hugged again and Sunny turned to walk back to her own house.
Sunny went to her front door to find it locked.  Oh great I locked myself out!  What can I do now?  She walked around to the back of her house where she knew she had a window open.  I can’t reach that window without a ladder and I have to cut the screen so I need something to cut it with.  I’ll have to go to Dovie’s and see if she has those things I can borrow.
She walked over to Dovie’s house.  Her front door was open and Sunny could see Dovie in her kitchen through the screen door.  She knocked.  “Dovie, it’s me Sunny.
Come on in.  What’s up?”  Dovie asked as she met up with Sunny.
“I’ve locked myself out.  I need to borrow your ladder and something sharp to cut my kitchen screen so I can get back in my house.”  Sunny replied anxiously.
“Are those the same door locks your grandmother had?
Yes, I haven’t changed them.
I have an extra house key your grandmother gave me and you should also have an extra house key on your grandmother’s key chain that opens my front door.”  Dovie said as she walked to get the set of keys hanging from a pink flamingo key holder on her kitchen wall.  “Here, try these keys and see which one it would be. Then you can bring with your grandmother’s keys so you can note which key on her ring will open my door.
Thank you so much, Dovie.  I don’t know what I would do without you!”  Sunny said as she took the keys from Dovie and ran back to her front door with them.
Sure enough, the third key on Dovie’s key ring opened her door.  She went in and found the masking tape.  She tore off a small piece of tape and wrote a small letter S on it and stuck it to the key so Dovie would know that was the key for Sunny’s house.  She took her set of keys and wrote the letter D on the masking tape and took both sets of keys and the tape over to Dovie’s house.  She found the key on her ring that opened Dovie’s door and ripped off the small piece of masking tape with the letter D on it and stuck it on the key. 
“Okay, Dovie.”  Sunny said as she walked in Dovie’s kitchen.  “I’ve marked the key on my ring for your house and marked my house key on your ring for you. She showed Dovie the keys on each of the rings with tape on them.
“That’ll work.”  Dovie said as she hung up her set of keys.
Sunny hugged Dovie again.  “I’ll see you soon.  Thanks again.
You’re welcome, dear.”  Dovie said as she returned the hug.
Sunny ran back to her house.  She went down to the basement to move the doll clothes from the washer into the dryer.  
Upstairs in her bedroom she bent down to open the trunk when she heard fluttering.  Is there a bird that got in the house?  She took the doll out of the trunk and looked around to see what could have made the sound.  There was nothing there as her eyes looked around the room and hallway.  Maybe the sound is coming from outside.
She shrugged her shoulders and carried the doll to the bathroom.  She took out a clean bath towel and washcloth from the closet.  She carefully laid the doll down on the towel she had put on the sink counter and filled the sink with warm water.  She lathered bath soap on the washcloth and proceeded to wash the doll gently.  I forgot to get another clean towel to dry the doll with.
She went back to the closet to get the towel and started drying the doll.  She stopped when she came to the doll’s hands.  I could have sworn the right hand was in a fist and now it’s opened.  Oh well I must have imagined that!  Sunny laughed to herself and finished drying the doll.  “There, now you’re like new!’  She said as she kissed the top of the doll’s head.  She went back in the bedroom and put the doll onto her bed.
“Aaah!   Aaah!  Oh my God, the pain!”  She cried out as she grabbed her stomach area and fell on the bed.  Tears ran down her face.  There was that fluttering sound again.  Sunny closed her eyes until the pain subsided.  What was that all about?  It must be that time of month for my menstrual period to start and it looks like it’s going to be a bad one.
 Sunny sat up on the bed for a moment to see if the pain would start again.  When it didn’t, she got up and got the wood polish and a rag and sat on the floor to clean the rocking cradle.  She then cleaned the new Shaker storage bench.  I miss Eric already.  Just thinking he made this beautiful bench with his own hands.  It’s like I have a piece of him in my house.  I can’t wait until he comes over today.  My heart aches every second he is away.  She could picture him making the bench.  Lifting the heavy wooden pieces with those biceps bulging.  I feel so much better talking to Dovie today about Eric.  I am glad she approves.  Well if she didn’t approve she would have given Eric a piece of her mind to boot!  Sunny laughed out loud picturing Dovie doing that.  She probably would have taken off his cowboy hat and beaten him with it!  She laughed harder at the image in her mind.
Sunny went downstairs to get a bottle of water out of the refrigerator.  She heard the loud buzz of the dryer stopping.  She went down to take out the doll clothes and then headed back upstairs to get her water.  She put the laundry basket down on the kitchen table when all of a sudden those sharp shooting pains hit her again.  She grabbed a chair and pulled it out and sat down, rocking back and forth, tears streaming down her face.
After a few minutes the pain subsided.  She went to the powder room and blew her nose in a tissue and splashed water from the faucet on her face.  She opened the cabinet and found pain medicine for cramps, took two pills, and went back into the kitchen.  She put the laundry basket on the floor and sat back down to start folding the doll clothes.
She could hear a car door slam and Dovie’s voice.  The vet must have arrived at Dovie’s house, she thought.  She finished folding the clothes and took them upstairs to her bedroom and put the laundry basket on the floor next to the Shaker storage bench.  She glanced at the doll on her bed and gasped.  That can’t be!  Its left leg was bent at the knee.  I know both legs were straight.  I remember washing two straight legs on the doll.  I must be losing my mind!
Her hands started shaking as she knelt down to put the clothes away.  Her ears picked up the fluttering sound.  She looked up and around the room.  No birds, no bats, there was nothing she could see that was fluttering around.  I have to get out of here.  Get outside, clear my mind.
She went out the front door.  Dovie was just waving goodbye to the vet from her porch when she noticed Sunny.  She looks so pale and shaky.  I need to find out what is happening.  Dovie thought.
“Hi, Sunny.  Why don’t you come on over here for a while?  Take a break from all the stuff you have been working on.  I made some fresh lemonade.
That sounds good.”  Sunny said as she made her way over to Dovie’s house.  
“Come here and have a seat.  Lemonade?” Dovie asked as she pulled out a chair for Sunny to sit on and took out some glasses.
“Yes, thank you.  What did the vet say about Purrley’s eye?
She said she must have scratched it and it got infected.  She put drops in her eye and gave me some ointment to put on it. She’ll be fine. Here, drink some of this and tell me if it needs more sugar in it.”
Sunny took a sip of the lemonade.  “It’s perfect just the waaayyy.”  She bent over and rocked back and forth, biting her bottom lip, her face showing pain.
“Oh my God, what’s wrong, Sunny?  Are you alright?”  Dovie asked as she hurried over and put her hand on Sunny’s shoulder.
Sunny sat upright and took a deep breath.  “I’ll be alright.  I’ve just been having these terrible cramps.  I think it’s that time of the month for me.”
It’s happening.  Don’t have much time to go now.  I must call Father Morrison soon.  Dovie thought.  “Has it always been so painful when it comes every month?
No, but I’ve had a couple of bad ones.  They’re rare.  I’ll probably take a warm bath, relax, and put a heating pad on my abdomen.  Maybe go to bed earlier.”  Bed, she thought, the doll is on my bed.  What if the doll has changed again?  It’s just a doll; there is no way it can change.  That is ridiculous to think that.  I’ve just been stressed out.  That is probably what is causing the bad cramps this time too.  Yes, go home, take a bath, relax, use the heating pad and everything will go back to normal again.  Just that that sound, the sound of wings flapping, don’t forget that.  That will be waiting for you too.
“That’s what I would recommend too.  Maybe there is a good movie on TV or a good book to read. Just get your mind to relax.”  Dovie said as she rubbed Sunny’s back.
“Dovie, you may think I’m crazy, but I swear that a bird, bat, or something like that is in my house.  I keep hearing fluttering, like wings flapping while in my bedroom.  The other day I heard it in my basement.  Every time I hear it, I hurry up and look around but whatever it is, it must be fast, because I never see it.”  Sunny said as she turned in her chair and looked up at Dovie behind her.
“You’re not crazy.”  Dovie laughed.  “Yes, birds can get in your house.  I had one a few years ago that got in from the fireplace.  So I had the outside chimney inspected and screened up so no more birds could fly in.
I’m glad to hear that.  I’ll have to call an exterminator on it.”  
“Oh, before I forget, I want to tell you that I was straightening out my hallway closet and I found a shoebox full of old photographs.  Some are of your mother and grandmother.  Would you like to see them?
Most definitely.  I love looking at pictures.”  Sunny said with a smile.
“I’ll go get them, they’re right in my hallway closet.”  Dovie walked to the closet and brought the shoebox over to the kitchen table by Sunny.
“Here you go.  Excuse me, Sunny, for a few minutes.  I’m going to check upstairs.  I think there might be some more photographs in my room.  I’ll be right back.
Okay, Dovie.  Do you need my help?”  Sunny asked as she opened the box.  It was filled to the brim with old black and white pictures.
“No, dear.  I’ll be fine.  Any pictures you have questions on just put on the side until I come back down.”
Sunny smiled and looked up at Dovie.  “I probably will have some questions.  I’m excited to see what I find.”
Dovie patted Sunny on her back and headed upstairs.  She closed her bedroom door and picked up the phone on her bedside table and dialed Father Morrison’s number.
He picked up the phone on the third ring.  “Hello.  Father Morrison here.” 
“Hi Father, it’s Dovie.  How have you been?
Hi, Dovie.  I’ve been doing alright, and you?” 
“Fine.  Keeping myself busy.  I should say my cat Purrley has been keeping me busy with taking care of her eye she scratched and it got infected.  I had the vet come over and she gave me medicine to apply on the cat’s eye.  I should say that I try to apply.  I get plenty of exercise trying to corner her so that I can give her the medicine.  She’ll be fine.  But Father, the reason I’m calling is because it’s almost time now.”  Dovie said quietly but with urgency in her tone of voice.
“The prophecy?”  Father asked.
“Yes, yes, Father.  The signs are showing now.
Tell me the signs so far.
Blanche’s granddaughter Sunny has possession of the doll.  I was over next door at her house.  She had the doll in her bedroom and she showed it to me.  She told me how much she loved the doll.  Today she came over and had bad cramping and abdominal pain.  She told me she’s been having the pains throughout the day.  She also told me she thinks there is a bird that got in her house.  She keeps on hearing noises like wings fluttering when she is in her bedroom, but that it must be fast because she can never see it.  She is downstairs in my kitchen now looking at old photographs.  She doesn’t know I’m talking to you.”
There was a long pause. Dovie thought she lost the connection.  “We must prepare.”  Father Morrison finally responded.
“I need to get baby supplies like diapers, formula, bottles, blankets, etc.  There is a wooden doll cradle Sunny found in her basement and brought up to her room with the doll.  It is as big as a regular bassinet but needs a mattress.  It would do while the baby is first born.
I’d like to see Sunny beforehand.  How can it be arranged without her being suspicious that something is up?  I can have Father Brody bring me to your house.
Ummm….let me think a moment….How about I say I belong to a charity group at the church where we help out women who can barely afford necessities for them and their children.  That our supplies are getting low on baby items.  Sunny’s boyfriend will be coming to see her today.  I can keep Sunny here at my house and ask her boyfriend if he could take me to the store.  You can see her during that time and wait for me to return from the store.  I’ll call you before I leave to the store.  When you pick up the phone to answer, I will say, ‘Oh, I’m sorry.  I must of dialed the wrong number.’  That is your cue to wait a bit and then have Father Brody drive you over here.  You can take some of the baby items.  I will pass you what you can take and then you could ask me if I wouldn’t mind storing the rest of the items since you’re low on space.  Then I’ll have the items I’ll need.  You’ll get to meet Sunny and her boyfriend and no one should be the wiser.
Will she let us in your home while you’re gone?
I’ll mention to her that there is a good chance you might be stopping by while I’m gone to pick up some homemade brownies to take to the church’s bingo game.  I’ve just made a big batch the other night.
Good.  And the brownies are a plus for Father Brody and me.”  They both laughed.  “I just wanted to break the tension and the excitement we both feel.  God will see us through.  He has blessed us with this mission.
Oh Father, I do feel so blessed to be chosen to be a part of this miracle.  Just thinking of being there, holding that angel in my arms, brings me to my knees.
I feel the same way.  Okay, take care of Sunny now.  I’ll be expecting your call later today.
Thank you, Father.  God bless you.  Good-bye for now.
God bless you too. Good-bye, Dovie.” 
Dovie hung up the phone and went to the bottom drawer of her nightstand where she took out an old photo album that held her wedding pictures and walked back down to Sunny.
I just remembered that I must not forget to call old Doc Henderson and let him know to be on call.  We’ll need a birth certificate.  Sunny may need some sedatives for the shock of us telling her she was pregnant and didn’t know it.  I’ll call him tonight after Sunny and Eric leave.
“Here you go, Sunny.  I found my old wedding album you can look at too.
Ooohhh!  This is great.  I’ve put aside some of the pictures.  I recognized my mom and grandma and even me when I was little.  Would you mind if I had copies made?
You can keep them.
No, no, I can easily have copies made.
I insist.  I am very old, dear.  I don’t think I’ll be looking at those pictures anymore.  I want you to have all the ones you want.  I will keep my wedding album.”  Dovie chuckled.
“Thank you.  You are so kind.  But if ever you want them back just let me know.  Is this one of you with my grandmother?”  Sunny asked as she passed the picture to her.
“Yes.  That is when she joined our quilting bee.  My how young we looked, actually we were!”  Dovie’s eyes lit up as she looked at it.
They heard knocking at the screen door.  “Hello?”  “Dovie?”  It was Eric’s voice.
“She’s here with me.  Come on in.  We’re in the kitchen.”  Dovie said as she winked at Sunny.
Eric walked in the kitchen where he saw Dovie and Sunny sitting at the kitchen table looking at pictures.  Sunny smiled up at him.  “So what are you lovely ladies up to?”  Eric asked.
“Sit down, Eric, and let me get you something to drink.  How about some lemonade?”  Dovie asked.
Eric sat down next to Sunny.  “That sounds good.  Thank you.
You’re welcome.  Sunny and I have just been looking at some old photographs I found.”  Dovie said as she put the glass of lemonade by him.  “So how have you been?
Busy at the store.  Just the usual.  How have you been?”  Eric asked as he smiled over at Dovie.
“I’ve been a little more busier than normal.  My cat Purrley has been giving me a workout trying to catch her to put medicine in her infected eye.”  Dovie chuckled.  “You know it has been so nice having Sunny next door to me.  I love talking to her.  She is such a sweetheart.
She certainly is.”  Eric said as he looked at Sunny.  Sunny blushed.
Look at those two.  Dovie thought.  So much in love.  A match made in heaven!
“Dovie is like a mother, grandmother, sister, and best friend all rolled up in one to me.  I love talking with her.  She is so caring.”  Sunny said as she took Dovie’s hand.  They smiled at each other.
“I’m glad to hear that.  I figured that out when I went to Sunny’s door and she didn’t answer that she’d be here at your house, Dovie.
Eric, look at some of these pictures.”  Sunny said as she passed a bunch to him.  “That’s Dovie with my grandmother.  They both were in their twenties.
Wow, Dovie!  You were beautiful then and are still beautiful now.  I can see the resemblance of you, Sunny, to your grandmother.  Same eyes and smile.”  Eric studied each picture in the stack.  “Is this one of you and your mom, Sunny?  I recognize your grandmother in the picture.”
Sunny leaned over to look at the picture.  “Yes.  I must have been around three at the time.  I can tell it was taken at Easter because of the clothes we’re wearing.
Yeah and the Easter basket you’re holding.”  Eric said and they all laughed.
Sunny grabbed Dovie’s album containing her wedding pictures and opened it between her and Eric.  “Dovie, you look gorgeous!  What a beautiful wedding gown!  I like all the intricate beaded work and lace. You and your husband look great together.
Thank you, dear.  I do miss my John.  He treated me so well.  Not to say we never argued.”  Dovie chuckled at the thought.
“It’s getting rare now-a-days that marriages last long.  My parents as well as my grandparents were very close to each other and I am grateful for that.  My parents would always hold hands when they went for walks, even after many years of marriage.  They died within months of each other.  I think my mom died because she just couldn’t live without my dad.  Her heart gave out.”  Eric said as he looked at the wedding pictures.
“Well they raised you right.  Your father must have been a gentleman and taught you through his examples.”  Dovie said.
“Thank you.  I try to be.”
Sunny got up from her chair to put her glass in the sink when an excruciating cramp made her drop her glass.  It shattered on the floor.  She grabbed the counter by the sink.  She thought she might pass out, the pain was so bad.
Within seconds Eric was by her side.  “What’s wrong?
She has been having some severe cramps today.  She thinks it’s her time of the month.”  Dovie said.
Eric scooped up Sunny in his arms and carried her to the couch in the front room.  Sunny’s eyes were closed and she moaned quietly.  “Eric, I’ll be alright.  The pain is already passing.  Just let me rest a bit.”
Dovie came in and put a cold washcloth on Sunny’s forehead.  “Let her get some rest now.”
Eric gave Sunny a kiss on top of her head and followed Dovie back into the kitchen.  “Let me get that.  Where is your broom?”  Eric asked.  Dovie went to get the broom and Eric swept up the glass.  He looked frazzled.  “Is it normal to have such pain?”  Eric asked Dovie.
“Well some women do get a lot more pain than others.  Sunny told me she gets some bad ones once in a while. If she gets worse, I’ll have Doc Henderson come over and maybe he can prescribe stronger pain medicine.”  She said as she watched Eric’s eyes staring in the direction of where Sunny was.  He looked so worried.  “I think I have some ibuprofen in my medicine cabinet.  I’m going to see if she’ll take a couple for the pain.”  Dovie got up and got a glass of water and found the ibuprofen.  Both her and Eric went to see how Sunny was doing.  She was sitting up on the couch.  Her head in her hands.  She looked up when she heard them come in the room.
“I’m feeling better.  Pain’s gone now.”  She said as she looked at Eric.  He looked pale.  He’s worried sick over me.  Sunny thought.  She took the ibuprofen with the water.  She gave the glass back to Dovie.  “I’m sorry for breaking your glass, Dovie.
It wasn’t your fault.  I’m glad the pain left.  I can tell Eric is glad too.
Is there anything I can do?  Are you good on pain medicine?”  Eric asked.
“I’m glad you brought that up.  I took my last two pills made especially to relieve these kind of cramps this morning.”  Sunny said.
“Okay, I can get more for you.”  Eric said.  “Would they be by the regular pain medicine?
I can go with you, Eric.  If you don’t mind.  I have to pick up some supplies that my charity group at the church is getting low on.  Supplies that help women and children.”  Dovie said.
“I didn’t know that, Dovie.  That is so nice of you to do.”  Sunny said.  “Is it okay if I stay here until you get back?  I don’t want to risk having a pain attack in the store.
Will you be alright?”  Eric asked with concern in his voice.
“I’m sure I’ll be.  Taking the pills Dovie just gave me should work.
We won’t be gone that long Sunny.  Oh, ummm….there is a chance that Father Morrison and Father Brody from the church might be stopping by to pick up a batch of brownies to sell at the bingo game tomorrow at the church school gym.  You can let them in of course.  The tray of brownies is on my counter.  I need to talk to them too, so let them know to stick around.
Okay, I will.  I’m going to go back in the kitchen to finish looking at the pictures.”  Sunny said.  
They all walked into the kitchen.  Dovie grabbed the phone and dialed Father Morrison’s number.  When he picked up she said, “Oh I’m sorry.  I have the wrong number.”  She hung up.  
“I was going to call Grace to let her know I’m picking up more supplies so she is aware of it.  I dialed the wrong number.  I can call Grace later.
Eric, go in my house and grab the set of keys on my kitchen counter.  Use my car.  Your truck is too high for Dovie to climb into.
I can lift her, if she’ll let me.”  Eric said as he looked at Dovie and smiled.
“I’m sure you can lift a lot, but I’ll pass.  We’ll take Sunny’s car. Lets go.  Sunny you can answer and use my phone if you need to.”
Eric ran out to Sunny’s and was just walking out her door when Dovie was coming out of her door.  He opened the car’s passenger door for her then he jumped into the driver’s seat and took off for the store.
“So Sunny has been having those sharp pains since she came by your house today?”  Eric glanced at Dovie while driving.
“She said it started before she came over.  She was putting away clean doll clothes in the Shaker storage bench drawer.  By the way, she showed me that bench you made.  It’s beautifully crafted.
Thank you.  It sounds like you and Sunny talk to each other a lot.  Does she talk about me a lot?”  Eric laughed.
“Oh yeah.”  Dovie said.  There was silence for a couple of seconds.
“Well, tell me what she says about me.  I’m head over heels over her but I’m not sure if she feels the same for me.
She told me the same thing you just did.  So I’d say it was mutual.”  Dovie laughed.  “Oh, to be so much in love with each other!
She said she loves me?  She actually told you that?
Yes.  In my opinion, I’d say she is waiting for you to tell her that you love her.  You do love her, right?  And I don’t mean with your organ, but with your heart.”  Dovie said seriously while she watched Eric’s expression.
“I love Sunny with all my heart and my soul.  As far as my organ, it has not gotten intimate with her….yet.”  Eric said as he shook his head.  “Dovie, you have a way with words!
Thank you.  Good we’re here now.”  Dovie said as they pulled into a parking space.
Eric jumped out and helped Dovie out of the car.  He grabbed an empty cart nearby and they headed in.
“Let’s get Sunny’s pain reliever first,” Dovie said, “and then we’ll get the items I need to stock up for my church’s charity group.
You lead the way,” Eric said as he pushed the cart.
They got the pain medicine and Dovie walked to the baby aisles.  “Let’s see.  I need a bassinet mattress which should be against the walls there.”  She grabbed a mattress and Eric put it in the cart.  Next they went to the sheets and blankets area.  Dovie chose a few sheets for the bassinet and a few receiving blankets as well as two soft baby comforters.  “Diapers, bottles, and formula are over this way,” she said as Eric followed.
Soon the cart was full of baby items.  “Boy, this is a lot of baby stuff you’re getting!
Yeah, we let our stock pile get a little too low this time.
That’s a wonderful thing you and your group of ladies do to help others in need.  You make this world a better place.
Oh, thank you.  I believe this world will start changing for the better.”
They went to the checkout line where Eric saw bouquets of flowers for sale.  He chose two bouquets and put them in the front of the cart.  When the cashier rung them up, Eric insisted on paying for all of it.  “It’s the least I can do to pay you back for watching and being there for Sunny when she needed you to get through her losses.  Also I would like to help your charity.  Put me down for donations.  Let me know what you’re low on.  It makes me feel good to help.
Eric, I’m proud of you.  I’m happy that Sunny is with you.  You are a fine gentleman.”
Eric helped Dovie get in the car and then he loaded up the trunk with their purchases.

Sunny watched as a car pulled up in front of Dovie’s parkway and two priests got out of the car.  One was old, around Dovie’s age, with white hair showing under his hat.  His face was deeply lined.  The other priest was young, probably just into the priesthood.  He held onto the old priest’s arm as they walked up the steps to Dovie’s front door.
“Hi!  You must be Father Morrison and Father Brody.  I’m Sunny, Dovie’s neighbor.  Dovie went to the store.  She’ll be here soon.  She told me you might show up to get the brownies.”  Sunny said as she held the screen door open.
“Hello, Sunny!  I’m pleased to meet you.  I’m Father Morrison.”  The older priest said as he shook Sunny’s hand.
“Pleased to meet you too.  I’m Father Brody.”  The younger priest said and shook Sunny’s hand as well.
Sunny took the priests to the couch in the front room.
“So Dovie’s out shopping now?”  Father Morrison asked.  “I guess she has developed more energy now from chasing down her cat to put drops in her eye.”  They all laughed.
“Would you like something to drink?” Sunny asked.
“No, thank you.  We just got back from Mrs. Walcott’s house.  She cooked us a delicious dinner.
Dovie is shopping to stock up on items for the charity group that helps women and children.”
Just then, Sunny heard a car pull up in Dovie’s driveway.  That must be them now.  Sunny thought.  “I think they’re here now.”  Sunny said.

Eric held the door for Dovie.  He walked in after her with a bag in his hand.  He reached in the bag and took out one of the bouquets of flowers.  “These are for you, Dovie.
Why that is so sweet of you.  Thank you.”
Sunny and the priests walked into the kitchen area.  Eric gave Sunny the other bouquet of flowers.  “These are for you.  I hope you feel better.”  He gave her a quick kiss on her forehead.  Sunny smiled and thanked him.
Dovie went up to the priests and gave them each a hug.  “Father Morrison, Father Brody, this is Eric, Sunny’s boyfriend.
Pleased to meet you.” Eric said as he shook their hands.
“Pleased to meet you too,” they replied in unison.  “Sunny has been the perfect hostess to us.
Excuse me.  I’ll be right back.  I have to get the rest of the bags out of the trunk.  Boy, Dovie sure can shop!” Eric laughed, “The trunk is full!
I can help.” Father Brody said and they went to the trunk.  They brought in bags and bags of baby items.  Dovie had them put the bags in the downstairs bedroom.
“Sunny, one of these bags has your pain medicine.  I think it’s that one over there.”  Eric said as he went to look in the bag.  “Yep.  Found it.”  He gave Sunny the pills.
“Will all that stuff fit in that charity room in the church?”  Father Morrison asked.
“Probably not all of it.  I’ll give you some things to take back with you.  The rest can stay here.  I’ll have to check the charity room when I come over.” Dovie said as she looked inside each bag.  She pulled out two bags and gave them to Father Brody.  “Take these with you.  Oh and the brownies too!
Don’t worry.  We wouldn’t have forgotten those delicious brownies you made.” Father Morrison said.  “Well we better get going.  Thank you.  Sunny, Eric, it was nice meeting both of you.  Dovie, we’ll be seeing you soon.  I hope your cat’s eye gets better.”  The priests left.
“Sunny, Eric, thank you both for all your help.  I’m sure you both want to run along now.  I’m going to put these beautiful flowers in water and go find Purrley to put more ointment on her eye.  She’s got to be hiding.  She knows!  After that, I’m putting my feet up and relaxing.” Dovie laughed.
Eric and Sunny both gave Dovie a big hug.  Eric saw a fluffy tail behind the big planter on Dovie’s porch.  He quickly grabbed the cat.  “Dovie, get the ointment!”  Purrley desperately tried to get away from Eric, but he firmly held onto her.  Dovie went and got the ointment and put it on Purrley’s eye.  Eric let the cat go.  Purrley had scratched his arm using her back claws.
“She got you.”  Dovie said.  “You’re bleeding.  Let me get it cleaned up for you.  Come back inside.
I’ll be fine.  Don’t worry.  It’s just a little scratch.  You go and rest now.  I’m taking Sunny home.  I’m sure she’ll allow me to clean it by her house.”
Sunny laughed.  “Fine.  I’ll meet you at my house.  Pull my car in the garage.”  She said as she handed him the keys.
They both gave Dovie another hug and left.  Dovie went inside and shut her door.  She went to her phone and dialed Doctor Henderson’s cell number.  He would most likely be home since he had retired twenty years ago.  Although he was old, his mind was sharp and his hands did not shake.  Dovie knew him for many, many years.  He knew of the prophecy and he was to play a part in it.
“Hello.”  Doctor Henderson said.
“Hi, Doc.  It’s me, Dovie.  Hey I want you to be on call.  It’s coming into being now.”  Dovie said quietly.
“How is she right now?
She has started having contraction like pains, coming and going throughout the day.  She thinks she is having a bad menstrual cycle.
Is she bleeding?
No, just having the pains.
How is the doll?
She hasn’t told me anything about the doll.  She did tell me she keeps on hearing the flapping of wings in her bedroom and that is where she keeps the doll.
How stable do you think she is?  I mean, do you think she’ll be able to accept it when we tell her that she had a baby?
That’s hard to predict.  She is in love with a man.  He is a good man and he loves her very much.  I think it will be hard for her to be so much in love and then trying to explain it to him when she didn’t even know it herself.
So she’ll probably need sedatives for a while, yes?
I think so.  We should be prepared for any situation we can think of.  I think her boyfriend will help her get through it.
Have you notified Father Morrison?
Yes, actually I called him earlier today when she kept on cramping up and I knew it was happening.  Father Morrison knows to be on call too.
Good.  Okay, I will look forward to the call.  I am going to prepare my medical bag with everything I might need.  I’ll let you go now.  Take care and God bless you, Dovie.
Good-bye, Doc, and God bless you too.”  Dovie hung up the phone and went to her bedroom and prayed for Divine guidance.

Sunny took her bouquet of flowers and put them in water.  She carried them to her front room and placed them on her fireplace mantel.  She turned around to see Eric staring at her from the doorway.  “Beautiful flowers.  Thanks again.  Did you wash those scratches on your arm?” Sunny asked.
“No, I was just about to.” He said as he turned to go to the powder room.
Sunny came over by Eric and looked in her medicine cabinet.  She found some antibiotic ointment.  Eric washed the scratches.  “Give me your arm.
Yes, ma’am.” Eric put out his arm.  Sunny applied some ointment on it and then kissed his scratches.  “There, boo boos should be all better now.
Almost, but not quite.” He said as he pulled her close and kissed her on the mouth.
Eric went to give her another kiss when Sunny bent over.  “Oh this hurts! Ow!”
Eric backed away while Sunny held her hand over her abdomen.  “I think you should lie down.  Get off your feet.  Let me carry you to your bed.
Oh you would like that I’m sure.” Sunny laughed a little as the pain subsided.  Eric looked hurt.  “I’m teasing you, Eric.  I know you want to help me.  Let’s go watch a movie in the front room.  We could order a pizza and just chill out.
Okay, whatever you say.”  Eric said as they went into the front room.  “I’ll order the pizza.  What do you want on it?” He said as he took out his cell phone.
“Whatever you usually have will be fine with me.
Okay anchovies and hot sauce it shall be!”
Sunny laughed and threw a couch pillow at him.  

The pizza came.  They put in a movie and ate.  Sunny laid down and put her head in Eric’s lap.  She fell asleep.

Sunny was jolted awake by the sound of a phone ringing.  She opened her eyes and was disoriented for a minute.  I’ve fallen asleep.  She could hear Eric talking on the phone, his hand caressing her hair.  He got off the phone and was shaking his head.  He sighed.
“Sorry, that was Frank.  There’s a big problem we have with an order.  The truck that was delivering a special order of marble tiles had an accident and rolled over this morning.  The driver is okay, but the tiles are cracked.  It was for a big job that needs to get done.  Frank called around to get replacement tiles, but the only place that has enough of these tiles is out of state and they can’t ship them out in time.  I have to go pick them up myself.  Frank is going with me.  I have to leave early in the morning to get there before that place closes the next day.
I’m sorry to hear that.”  Sunny said as she sat up.  “How early do you have to leave?
By 7:00 a.m. to go get Frank right away.  I probably won’t be back until the following night or even later.  It depends on traffic.  Frank and I can take turns driving so we won’t have to stop to sleep somewhere.
What time is it now?” Sunny asked.
“It’s 11:30 p.m.  You’ve been asleep a couple of hours.
You should have woken me up.
You were sleeping so peacefully.  I didn’t want to.”
Just then a sharp pain made Sunny double over.  “Aaahhh!”
Eric got up to go get Sunny’s medicine and some water.  “Here take your medicine.”  Sunny took the medicine.  “I’m worried about you, Sunny.”  Eric said.
“I’ll be alright.  If for some reason the pain gets unbearable or unusual I promise you that I will call Dovie.  But I don’t think it will.  I’ve had some bad ones before and I even went to the doctor on it.  It happens, I just have to bear with it.  I don’t want you to worry, Eric.  Now I’m worried about you and that long trip.  Please drive safe.  We can check in with each other.
Give me Dovie’s phone number just in case I can’t reach you.”  Eric said as he took his cell phone out to type the number in his contacts.
“Ready?
Yes.
Dovie’s phone number is 555-5683.
Okay, 555-5683.  Got it.  Now I feel a little bit better.”  Eric said as he put his phone back in his pocket.
“What time do you have to get up?”  Sunny asked.
“I’d say by 6:00.  I need to have a little time to wake up and take a shower.  Get Frank, get some breakfast for us, and hit the highway.
I’ll set the alarm.  Let’s get some sleep.
Would it be alright if I slept on your couch tonight?
No, it is not.  You can sleep with me.  I think you would get more rest knowing you are right by me.”  Sunny said as she started walking up the stairs.
Eric smiled.  I have to hold myself in check.  That is going to be hard, having her so close.  She trusts me.  She loves me.  There will be a future for us together.
Sunny was placing her doll in the cradle when Eric walked in.  She looked at him and smiled.  “6:00, right?”  She asked as she went to the alarm clock to set it.
“Yeah, 6:00.”
She set the alarm and then grabbed a clean nightgown and panties.  “I’m going to take a quick bath.”
Eric just stood there.  I should go wash up in the downstairs powder room.  He ran down the stairs to get cleaned up.  He came back to the bedroom.  He could hear the bathtub water draining.  I don’t know which side of the bed I should take.  He sat down on the Shaker storage bench.
Sunny finished her bath and went to her room.  Eric was sitting on the bench.  He was wearing just his jeans.  His shirt and socks were neatly folded next to him.  He was holding a towel.
He looked up as Sunny entered the room.  She wore a long, pretty white nightgown.  She smiled at him.  She looks like a bride, all in white.  God she is so beautiful.  Eric thought.
“I washed up in your downstairs powder room.  I hope you don’t mind.  I don’t know where you put your dirty laundry to put the towel I used.”
He could smell the light flowery scent of soap on her skin when she bent down near him to take the towel.  “I’ll take that.  I have a laundry pail in my closet.”  She put the towel in the pail.  She walked back to Eric who seemed glued to the bench.  She grabbed his hand.  He looked up at her.  “Get some rest now.”  He stood up.  She moved close to him and gave him a kiss.  “Thank you for caring.”
He looked in her eyes.  “I love you.”  He said softly and kissed her, holding her close to him.
“I love you too.”  She said and they kissed again.
She moved away from him and sat down on the right side of the bed.  He went to the other side.  He started to get under the covers.  Sunny noticed he still had his jeans on.  “It’s okay to take off your jeans so you can sleep comfortably.”  She said as she turned off the lamp.
Eric pulled his jeans off and got under the blanket.  I don’t know if this is a good idea.  He thought.  Then he had a flashback of Dovie telling him to love with his heart, not his organ.  He laughed out loud.
“What’s so funny?”  Sunny asked.
“I was just thinking about what Dovie told me today in the car.
What’s that?
I can’t tell you.  She might get mad if she finds out I told you.
Oh come on, Eric!  How do you expect me to fall asleep now?  Tell me!
No. No. No.” Eric said smiling.
“Oh come on, please?
Nope. Sorry.” Eric replied.
“I know how to get it out of you.” Sunny grinned and stared at Eric.
“Uh oh!  I’m in trouble now.”
Just then Sunny rolled over on Eric and tickled him mercilessly.  “Are you going to tell me?” Sunny asked.
“No.” Eric giggled.
Sunny continued tickling Eric.  “How about now?
Okay! Okay!  I give in!  She just wanted to know if I loved you.
That’s not funny!
No, that part is not funny.  She said and I quote, ‘I mean with your heart Eric, not with your organ’!
She said that to you?
Yes, I swear she did and boy she was serious too!”  Eric laughed.
“So how did you answer her?” 
“I told her that I love you with my whole heart and soul.  That my organ has not gotten intimate with you.”  He paused.  “Yet.”
They both laughed.  Sunny turned on her side and put her hand on Eric’s muscular abdomen and started to rub it.  He was lying on his back.  He grabbed her hand.  “Don’t do that.  You’re playing with fire when you do that.”  They kissed.  Sunny turned on her side to face the wall and Eric turned on his side facing her back.  He put his arms around her and cuddled with her.  They fell asleep.
Chapter Seven

Sunny woke up and looked at the clock.  It was only 5:15.  She felt wide-awake. She turned and looked at Eric.  He was facing the other way sound asleep.  She turned the alarm off on the clock and quietly got out of bed.  She went downstairs and started a pot of coffee.  I don’t want him to go.  It’s going to be so hard not seeing him for a while.  She thought as a mild cramp started up.  She found her pain medicine and took two pills.  It felt so good having Eric sleep next to me.  I felt so protected, so safe.  He professed his love for me.  Telling me he loved me with his whole heart and soul!  We belong together forever!
She went back upstairs to get dressed.  She tiptoed around her room gathering her clothes and make-up.  She looked at Eric. He was sound asleep on his side facing her with the covers pulled down to his waist.  His abdomen was firm and muscular.  His left bicep bulged as his hand gripped the end of the pillow.  He easily could be on the cover of a romance novel.  She thought.  How I want to just…. Another mild cramp started.  I better get dressed.  She went to the bathroom and got dressed, brushed her teeth and hair and applied a little make-up.
She went to the kitchen and looked at the clock in there.  It was 5:55.  She took out two coffee mugs.  I better hold off on pouring him coffee.  He might want to shower first.
She went upstairs to her room.  She bent down and kissed his forehead.  He opened his eyes.  “Hi.  I came to wake you up.  I’ve made a fresh pot of coffee.
What time is it?
It’s 6:00.
I didn’t hear the alarm.  How long have you been up?
Not that long, about forty-five minutes.  I couldn’t fall back to sleep.  I slept so deeply that I guess my body got enough rest.
How are you feeling?
Alright.  Just some mild cramping.  I just took medicine so it should stop.
Good.
Do you want me to bring up a cup of coffee for you now?
I think I’ll shower first.  I’ll come down to join you for coffee after.
How about some bacon and eggs to go with it?
Thanks.  But I’m going to get Frank breakfast before we get on the highway, so I’ll eat with him.  Would you like me to run out real quick and get you something to eat?
I’ll be fine.  I’m not hungry now.  Usually I just have a light breakfast like toast or oatmeal.  Just make sure you don’t let Frank get any food with beans in it.  You’ll be riding in tight quarters with him.”  She laughed and gave him a quick kiss before walking downstairs.
She poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table.  She could hear the upstairs shower going.  She thought of the long drive Eric would be doing.  It made her nervous.  Angels of God, please surround Eric, Frank, and Eric’s truck with your protective bright light.  Keep them safe at all times.  I don’t want to lose him.  She prayed.  A tear fell down her cheek.  She wiped it with the back of her hand.  I must not think that way.  Of course they will be safe.  She told herself.
She walked over to the kitchen counter and turned on the little radio that was on the counter.  She found a pretty soft rock love song on the radio.  A mild cramp started, she sat back down and closed her eyes, waiting for the pain to go away.  At least the cramps are mild today, nothing like the pains I was having yesterday.
When she opened her eyes Eric was standing in the kitchen doorway looking at her.  His eyes squinted a bit.  “Are you alright?
I’m fine.  Just a mild cramp.
When I get back, I’m taking you to see a doctor.
I won’t go.  I’m sure it’s nothing.  It’s that time of the month.
Well if the pain is still there, either you let me take you to a doctor or I’ll have to see a doctor myself for stress.  It would make me feel better if you were checked out.”
She smiled.  “I love you, Eric.  You are so cute even when you are stressed out.”  She got up from her chair and walked up to him and put her arms around him.  She put her head on his chest.  She could hear his heart beating.  He smelled like soap.  Don’t go!  Please don’t go!  The thought screamed through her mind,
“Hey, I’m not kidding.”  He said as his arms went around her.
She looked up at him.  His hair was still wet from the shower.  “You are still cute, even when you’re not kidding.
What am I going to do with you, Sunny?  I am serious.  I’m not taking your pain lightly.  Your pain is my pain.  I love you.
I do so love you too, Eric.  I am sorry.  I promise to see a doctor if my condition doesn’t go away or worsens.”  She said as she looked into his eyes.  They kissed.
Eric glanced at the clock.  “It’s 6:45.  I have to leave in fifteen minutes.  I better call Frank to make sure he’s ready.”  He said as he sat down by the kitchen table.
Sunny poured coffee into a mug and put it in front of Eric.  Eric mouthed, “Thank you” to Sunny and put cream and sugar in his coffee as he talked to Frank.  He got off the phone and put it back in his pocket.
“Frank was up and said he’ll listen for my horn so I don’t have to go to his door.”  Eric said.   He gulped down some coffee.  “I’m going to get going then.  The sooner I leave, the sooner I’ll be back to finish some business we started between us.”  He said as he winked at Sunny and got up.
She stood up and walked him to the door.  He turned to her and pulled her close to him.  They kissed.  “I hope so.” Sunny said.
“You hope so what?”  Eric asked.
“That you’ll finish that business we started between us.”  She said as she kissed him and rubbed her body against his.
“Oh you better believe I will and there will be no stopping me!”  He said as they kissed again.
Eric opened the door and walked out to his truck.  Sunny watched his truck until she could no longer see it.  Her heart ached already.
She closed the front door and went back to the kitchen to put away the cream and sugar and straighten up.  She turned off the radio and went upstairs.  She walked into her bedroom.  Eric had already made the bed.  She opened the drapes.  A ray of sunlight shone in the room and lit up the cradle.
She walked over to the cradle.  The doll’s legs are both straight.  I must have been hallucinating yesterday from all the pain I was in.  She ran her fingers over the dolls toes and legs.  She picked it up and held it to her.  She closed her eyes as a mild cramp came over her.  There goes that sound of a bird’s wings flapping.  She thought.
She opened her eyes and looked around.  Nothing was flying around.  She put the doll back in the cradle.  The doll’s eyes opened.  It looked like a tear in the corner of its eye that started running down its cheek.  It must be from me.  I don’t remember my eyes tearing up, but it has to be from me.  It just has to be.  Another cramp hit her, this time more intense.  She doubled over and moaned.  She walked over to her bed and laid down on the side that Eric slept on.  She buried her face in the pillow and started crying until she fell asleep.
She awoke to the sound of her phone ringing.  She looked at the number calling.  It was Eric.  “Hi, Eric.”  She said as she got off the bed.
“Hi, honey.”  Eric said.  “I’m just checking in with you.  I just tried calling earlier but you didn’t pick up.”
She noticed a missed call message on her phone.  “I’m sorry.  I fell asleep.  I didn’t hear the phone ring that time.  How is the trip going?
So far traffic has been light, so we are making good time.  Frank is driving now.  Oh, Frank says to tell you he said Hi.
Tell Frank I said Hi and he better be driving safe.  He has the love of my life with him.”
That is so good to know how much she cares about me.  God how I wish that I was with her now.  Eric thought.  She could hear Eric repeating her words to Frank and Frank laughing.  “I love you, babe.  I’m glad to hear you’re resting.  I will check back with you later.”  Eric said.
“I love you too.  I’ll probably be going by Dovie’s house for a while, but I’ll have my phone with me.
That sounds good.  Dovie will watch over you for me.  She loves you.  I love you even more.”  Eric said.
“I love you too, Eric.  Good-bye.”  Sunny said as she ended the call.  She walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror.  She brushed her hair and walked downstairs.  She looked at the grandfather clock in her front room.  Wow it’s 10:00 already.  I slept for three hours!
She went out the front door and noticed Purrley sitting on Dovie’s porch railing.  Oh good, Dovie’s got to be up now.  She walked over to Dovie’s house.  Her front door was open, so Sunny knocked on her screen door.  She could hear movement as Dovie appeared around the corner from her kitchen.
“Good morning, Sunny!  Come on in, child.”  Dovie said as she motioned with her hands to come by her.
Sunny opened the screen door and walked into Dovie’s kitchen.  Dovie had just taken a batch of brownies out of her oven.  They smelled delicious.  “Hi, Dovie.  Are you making more brownies for church bingo?
Yes.  These are best sellers.  They go fast.  Here, have a seat and I’ll cut you a piece.  I have a pot of coffee already made.  Would you like a cup?  Dovie asked.
“Oh, I would love a cup.  I just woke up from a long nap.  This coffee will help me.”
Dovie poured two cups of coffee and passed a cup to Sunny.  The cream and sugar were already on the table.  Dovie then cut them each a slice of the warm brownies in the pan and gave Sunny a plate with a brownie on it.  “You just woke from a nap and it’s only 10:00 in the morning.  What time were you up in the morning?”  Dovie asked as she sat down at the table.
“Early.  I got up at 5:15.  I had set my alarm for 6:00, but got up before it went off.  I couldn’t fall back to sleep at that time.  I was wide awake.”  Sunny said and took a bite of the brownie.  “Yummm.  These are so good!  You’ll have to give me the recipe.
If you don’t mind me asking, why did you set your alarm to get up that early?
Eric needed to get up early.  He has to drive out of state to pick up some marble floor tiles.  The truck that had the original order had an accident and over turned on the highway and the tiles cracked.  He had a deadline to get those tiles installed.  The only place that had what he needed is out of state.
So Eric spent the night with you?” Dovie asked.
“Yes.  I asked him to.”  Sunny said as the vision of Eric laughing about what Dovie said came into her mind.  She laughed out loud.
“Oh, okay.” Dovie said.
“Dovie, Eric loves me.  I love him.  I didn’t want him to go home worried about me.  He was over at my house last night watching a movie with me.  I had those bad cramp pains and I thought he would get more rest if he stayed by me.  He didn’t try to do anything with me.  You know ….with his organ.”  Sunny did her best to keep a straight face.
Dovie’s face brightened up.  “Yes, Eric is such a gentleman.  It makes me happy knowing how much he loves and cares about you.  You know he wouldn’t let me pay for all the charity items he took me to the store to buy.  He has got a big heart and is very thoughtful.  I’m going to give you a nice big piece of my brownies for you to take home for you and Eric to enjoy.”  Dovie said as she excitedly got up and cut the brownies and put them in a plastic container.
“I’m sure Eric will love eating them.  Thank you so much.”  Whew!  That was a close one.  But I’m glad I slipped saying he spent the night.  Dovie needs to know the strong bond of love that is growing between Eric and me.
Sunny got up and started clearing the table.  “I’ll help you do the dishes, Dovie.  I know you said you like doing them yourself, but there are a lot from all the baking you’ve done.
I won’t argue with you, child.”  Dovie said as she cut the rest of the brownies and put them in storage containers.
Sunny’s cell phone started ringing.  She looked at the name and number calling.  It was her old friend Sheila.  “Oh it’s my old school friend Sheila. Let me answer it.”  Sunny said as she answered the call.
Dovie busied herself getting the dishes washed and Sunny dried them as she talked to Sheila.  She finished the call.  “That was my old school friend, Sheila.  I met her at Daisy’s Donuts.  That was her grandmother’s donut shop and cafe.  She wants to come over and visit me for a while.
You should have her over.  It would be good for you to renew your friendship with her.
Yes.  I told her to come in an hour.  I can make us some sandwiches for lunch and we could talk.”  Sunny said.  “Ahhh!  Ahhh!  Ahhh!”  Sunny suddenly bent over with pain.
Dovie took Sunny by the shoulders.  “Come and lay down on the couch.”  She said.
Sunny slowly walked holding on to her abdomen.  She laid on the couch and closed her eyes.  Finally the pain subsided and she sat up.  “I’m sorry, Dovie.  I’m going to go back home and take some more medicine and rest a bit before Sheila stops over.  I’ll stop by your house after she leaves.”  She went to Dovie’s front door.
Dovie walked out with her and gave her the container of brownies.  “Sunny, if this pain continues I’ll have Doc Henderson pay you a visit.  Please call me if you need me.” 
“I will.  Thank you.”  She hugged Dovie and went home.
Sunny immediately found her pain medicine and took two pills.  She laid on her couch and watched some TV.  A little while later Sunny heard her doorbell ring.  She walked quickly to the door.  “Hi Sheila!  Come on in. I’m going to make us some lunch and we can catch up on what has happened in our lives since school.”  Sunny said as she opened the screen door for Sheila to come in.
Sheila had a box of freshly baked donuts with her along with two Styrofoam boxes.  “No need to bother making us lunch.  I brought us lunch from the café.  I hope you like Italian beef sandwiches and French fries.”  She said as she followed Sunny into the kitchen.
Sunny took the boxes from Sheila and they hugged each other.  “I love Daisy’s donuts and their Italian beefs!  Thank you.” Sunny said as she took out plates and glasses.  “What would you like to drink?”  Sunny asked as she opened her refrigerator door.
“Do you by chance have any diet cola?”  Sheila asked.  “By the way, your kitchen is beautiful.”  Sheila said as she looked around.
“Yes, I have diet cola.  What girl wouldn’t have diet colas in her fridge?”  They both laughed.
“Yeah, by drinking a diet soda it makes me feel like it’s okay to eat anything then.”  Sheila chuckled and patted her big middle.  “I know I should go on a diet, but working at the café gives me low will power.  Every time I try to diet I catch myself staring at customers while they eat with my stomach growling, almost howling out loud for their food.  So I think it’s not good for business for me to diet.  Customers hearing my stomach making these loud growling noises while I stare at them eating probably scares them that I’ll jump on their tables and eat their food.”  They both laughed.
“You haven’t changed, Sheila.  Your stories still make me laugh.  Thanks for liking my remodeling.  I’ll show you the other rooms that were done too.  It was amazing how fast they did the remodeling.  Eric had crews working on both floors and different rooms.
Eric.  That guy is such a hottie!  I’d gladly exchange a beef for him.”  Sheila chuckled as she took her napkin and fanned herself.  “I never mind going to the home improvement store just to catch a glimpse of him.  He is so polite too.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen him have an attitude with any of his customers.  My uncle Frank works for him and has told me that Eric is a great boss to work for.
So, Sheila, what’s been happening in your life?  Are you married?  Any children?”  Sunny asked as she picked up her beef to take a big bite.
Sheila finished swallowing.  “Ummm.  Yes, I am married.  I have been married for five years now to Ray Stewart.
If I recall, wasn’t there a Ray Stewart in our class?”  Sunny asked.
“Yes, the one and only Ray Stewart.
Do you have any children?
No, I can’t have any children due to having severe endometriosis.  It was my dream that one day I would get married and have a lot of kids.  I have to dream something else now.
I’m sorry.  It’s nice that you married someone you grew up with.  I’m sure you two have a lot in common.”  Sunny said.  Okay, I find out Frank is her Uncle.  Now I find out that she married Ray Stewart. Ray is the guy who sat kitty-corner to me in school and always sat on his folders.  I remember Ray bending down to pick up a pencil he dropped and cut a big, windy fart, which made the folders he sat on start flapping.  It was a good thing the teacher didn’t ask him a question after that, he probably would of said, ‘the answer is blowing in the wind.’  She must be attracted to farters.  It must be in her DNA.  Sunny kept a straight face, just smiled a little at the thought.
They finished eating and Sunny cleared off the table.  She showed Sheila the work done in her powder room and front room.  “I had the upstairs bathroom remodeled.  I kept the old claw tub.  I also had the wooden floors polished professionally to take out any old scratches.”  Sunny said as they climbed the stairs.
“Oh, the bathroom is beautiful.  I like the color of the paint you chose.  That mirror and lighting is gorgeous.  I bet you like soaking in the tub in this beautiful room.”  Sheila said as her hand moved over the vanity countertop.
Sunny took her into her bedroom.  “Look at this doll, Sheila.  I used to play with it when I was little.”  Sunny carefully took the doll out of the cradle and passed her to Sheila.
“She looks so life-like.”  Sheila said.
“I found her in the basement in an old steamer trunk.  There also was a whole bunch of doll clothes in the trunk.  I found the wooden cradle next to the trunk.  I washed all the doll clothes.  Here let me show you how cute the clothes are.”  Sunny said as she took the doll from Sheila and laid it back in the cradle.
Sunny walked over to the Shaker storage bench and opened the top drawer and took out a couple of the outfits.  “Here, look at these.  Aren’t they adorable?”  Sunny asked.
Sheila looked at each one.  “Wow.  They are very cute and to think they’re still in such good shape after all these years.”  Sheila said as she passed the clothes back to Sunny.  “Oh that chest is gorgeous.  Where did you buy it at?”  Sheila asked as her hand moved over the side of the Shaker storage bench.
“It’s a Shaker storage bench.  Eric made it.”  Sunny said as she put the clothes back.
“I didn’t know he made and sold furniture.  Where in his store does he sell it?
He doesn’t sell his furniture at his store.”  Sunny said as her cell phone starting ringing.  It was Eric.  “Hold on, Sheila, I have a call.”  Sunny said.
“Hi!  How’s it going?”  Sunny looked at Sheila as she answered her phone.
“Great.  We’ve traveled pretty far now.  We stopped to get gas and I thought I’d check in with you.  How is everything going for you?  Are you at Dovie’s?
No, I’m at home now.  I visited Dovie earlier.  My old school friend, Sheila, is here and we just finished lunch and I’m showing her all the remodeling that was done.”  Sunny said as she smiled at Sheila.
“Oh yeah, you did mention Sheila to me before.  She is the one at Daisy’s Donuts shop, right?
Yes, and I just found out Frank is her uncle.”  Sunny looked at Sheila who had looked at Sunny puzzled.  “Sheila, do you want to say Hi to your uncle Frank?”
Sheila laughed.  “Who are you talking to?  Frank calls you?
No, Frank is with Eric now.  They are driving together out of state to pick up an order of marble tiles.”  Sunny replied.
“Frank said to say Hi to you and Sheila.  And tell Sheila I said Hi.”  Eric said.
“Sheila, Frank and Eric said to tell you Hi.”  Sunny said as Sheila stared with her mouth open.
“Okay, love.  Frank picked us up some snacks when he went in to pay for the gas.  I’m going to let you go now.  I’ll be calling you again soon.  I love you.
I love you too.”  Sunny said and hung up the phone.
Sheila’s mouth was still open.  Sunny laughed.  “Are you okay, Sheila?
Are you dating Eric?”  Sheila asked.
“Yes.”  Sunny laughed.
“Oh my God!  Here I am with my big mouth telling you what a hottie Eric is and I had no clue you two were together!”  Sheila shook her head as she put her hand on her forehead.
“Sheila, that’s okay you said that.  You’re just stating a fact that Eric is a  hottie!”  Sunny laughed and put her hand on Sheila’s arm.
“Well then.  Please do tell.  Is he ….you know ….good in bed?”  Sheila asked as her eyebrows moved up and down.
“Sheila!  I don’t kiss and tell!” Sunny said and laughed.
“Girl, you hit the jackpot with that one!” 
Sunny turned to go out of the room when she doubled over in pain.
“Are you alright?”  Sheila asked as she put her hand on Sunny’s back.
Sunny couldn’t answer her right away so she nodded.  When the sharp pain faded, she turned to Sheila.  “I’ll be alright.  It’s just bad cramping.  It’s that time of the month for me.
I feel for you, Sunny.  I get those kinds of bad cramps too.
Let’s go downstairs and sit on the porch for a while.  I could use some fresh air.”
They sat on the porch.  Sunny looked over at Dovie’s house.  Purrley was still sitting on the porch railing staring at a bird nearby, her tail thumping up and down.
“Where did you live before you came back here?”  Sheila asked.
“I lived in Boston.  I was engaged to a guy named Paul.  He died in a car accident three months before I came back here.
I’m sorry to hear that.
I was crushed.  Paul dies and then my grandmother dies all within three months.  I never thought I would love anyone again.  I couldn’t take it if I lost again.  But then Eric came in my life.  He treated me so differently.  He respected me.  He listened to me.  He made me laugh.  He cared about me.  I didn’t realize what true love was until Eric came along.”  Sunny said as she looked at Sheila.  “Paul was controlling.  I just accepted that was how a guy was.
Just like a fairy tale.”  Sheila said.
“Yes.  I have to pinch myself at times so that I know I’m not dreaming.
I’m truly happy for you, Sunny.
Thank you.
Where did all those years go since we were in school?”  Sheila asked.  “It seems like just the other day we’d meet after school and go walking to the library to work on a school project.
Speaking of projects, do you remember the Science project we did where we went to the butcher to get a cow’s brain so we could show the class what a brain looked like?”  Sunny asked as she made a sour face.
“That was yucky.”  They laughed.
“Remember when that mean teacher Mrs. Johnson, the one who always picked on Billy Ivans, had asked Billy to get her some water in her cup, and Billy told us that he turned on the bathroom sink water faucet but filled her cup with toilet water.  She drank it too!”  Sheila laughed.
“Oh yeah, I do remember that.  Is Mrs. Johnson still around?”   They both laughed.
Sheila looked down at the watch on her wrist.  “It’s almost 6:00 already!  Geeze, I have to get going.  I promised Ray I’d make him his favorite dinner tonight, beef and bean burritos.”  Sheila said as she got up from her chair.  
Sunny walked Sheila to her car.   “It was great talking to you, Sheila.  Thanks for all the food.”
Sheila smiled.  “I enjoyed our afternoon together.  You know we’ll have to get together again soon.
Most definitely!”
They hugged each other.  Sheila got in her car and took off.  Sunny walked back in her house.  She went to look in her fridge to see what she could have for dinner.  She settled for some leftover stew she made the other day.  She felt stuffed after eating.  She went to the front room and watched some shows on TV.  Oh yeah, I still have to visit Dovie.  I told her I’d see her after Sheila left.   She looked at the clock.  It was 8:30.  She left for Dovie’s house.
Sunny could see Dovie sitting in her front room watching TV.  She knocked on the screen door.  “Hi, Dovie.  It’s me, Sunny.”
Dovie bent forward and turned in her chair so she could see the front door. “Come on in, Sunny.”
Sunny went and sat on the couch across from Dovie.  “How did your visit with your old school friend go?”  Dovie asked as she petted Purrley in her lap.
“We had a good time reminiscing.  Sheila hasn’t changed.  She is still so sweet and funny.”  Sunny said as she looked down and shook her head.  “Dovie.”  Sunny whispered.
“What?” Dovie asked.
Sunny pointed to Purrley in Dovie’s lap and acted as if she was putting something on her eye.  “Do you want me to get the you know what for you?”  Purrley lifted her head and looked at Sunny.
“Would you?  I forgot.”  Dovie said as she pointed to the top of the fireplace mantel.
Sunny got up and picked up the tube of medicine.  Dovie held tightly on to Purrley while Sunny hurried and applied some of the ointment to the cat’s eye.  Dovie let go of Purrley, who quickly ran out of the room, her tail thumping up and down as she went.
Sunny’s cell phone started ringing.  She looked at Dovie.  “It’s Eric.”
Dovie smiled.  “Tell Eric me and Purrley said Hi.
Hi, Eric.”  Sunny said.  “Dovie and Purrley said Hi.
Good.  I’m glad to hear you’re by Dovie’s house.”  He sounded concerned.  “We just got done eating at a diner and the TV there was giving out storm warnings.  There is a huge super cell headed toward your area.  If it continues the way it’s moving, then it should be by you within two hours.  Could be even sooner than that.  I’m worried.  They said this super cell is huge; the biggest ever recorded in history and has been spawning tornados.  We aren’t near it, so we’ll be fine.
Oh no!”  Sunny said.
Dovie turned toward Sunny.
“Eric said that there is a huge super cell storm headed our way.  It should be here within two hours, possibly even sooner.  It has been spawning a lot of tornados!”  
“Listen, honey, I think maybe you should stay by Dovie’s house tonight.”  Eric said.
“I’ll be fine.  I’m a light sleeper so if it gets bad I’ll hear it and go to the basement right away.”  
“Well, think it over.  Just be safe.”  Eric said.
“I will.  I love you, Eric.”  
“I wish I could be there by you, Sunny.  I love you too.  We are in the town where the warehouse is, so we are just going to spend the night at this hotel and pick up the tiles at the warehouse at 7:00 when they open.  We’re going to load up and head home right away.  I promise to be home as soon as I can.
Just don’t drive fast and crazy.”  Sunny said.
“We won’t.  We want to get home safely.  I’m going to go now.  I love you.
My heart is with you.  I love you too.”  Sunny said as she hung up the phone and turned towards Dove.  “Dovie, will you be alright?  Do you and Purrley want to spend the night at my house?” 
“We’ll be fine, dear.  I’ll go down to the basement with Purrley if it gets bad.  How about you, will you be alright?
Yes.  I’m a very light sleeper so it will wake me up.  If it’s bad I’ll head down to the basement.  I’m going to find my flashlight and keep it by my bed with my cell phone.  Do you have a flashlight?
I think I have one in the kitchen drawer.”  Dovie replied.
Sunny walked in the kitchen and opened the drawer.  Sure enough there was a flashlight.  She turned it on and it worked.  She went by Dovie.  “Here, it works.  Keep it by you so you can see if the lights go out.  I’m going to go home now and get some rest.”  Sunny went up to Dovie and hugged her and walked swiftly out the front door to her house.
Dovie walked back into her kitchen and picked up the phone.  She dialed Father Morrison’s number.
“Hello.”  Father Morrison said.
“It’s time, Father.  The sign of the super cell storm is approaching now.  Have Father Brody bring you to Sunny’s house.  I have a key to her house and I will be waiting for you there.”
Father Morrison closed his eyes and made the sign of the cross.  “We’ll be leaving now then.  God bless you.”  Father Morrison said.
“God bless you too, Father.  God bless us all.”  Dovie said and hung up the phone.  
She quickly dialed Doc Henderson’s number.
“Hello.”  The old doc answered.
“It’s Dovie.  It’s time now.  The sign of the super cell storm is approaching our way.  I have a key to Sunny’s house.  She lives next door to me, Blanche’s house.  You remember Blanche’s house?”  Dovie asked.
“Yes, the house to the right of your house.”  The doctor replied.
“Yes, that is correct.  I will be waiting for you there.  Please make sure you bring with your bag of medical supplies.  Father Morrison and Father Brody will be there too.
Okay.  I’ve already prepared my medical bag.  I’ll be there shortly.
Drive safe.  I can see through my kitchen window that the winds are picking up.”  Dovie said.
“I will.  Good-bye, Dovie.
Good-bye.  See you at Sunny’s house.”  Dovie said and hung up the phone.
She sat down for a minute.  Her hands were shaking.  I must get the baby supplies I’ll need.  She thought as she heard the loud beeping of the storm warning going across her TV.  She got up and went to where she stored the supplies.  She got a clean trash bag and put a pack of newborn diapers and the formula in it.  She picked up the bassinet mattress.  She went into her laundry room where a big bag of just washed baby undershirts, sleepers, receiving blankets, and bassinet sheets were and picked up that bag.
She went into the kitchen and opened her cabinet where she had sterilized bottles and nipples in a plastic container.  She carried all the items and put them on the side of her front door.  I’ll have Father Brody come back to my house to pick these up and bring them over to Sunny’s house.  She couldn’t find Purrley.  She’s hiding.  She always hides during storms.  She has that natural instinct of where to go.  She’ll be alright.  Dovie thought as she took her key ring off her key holder in the kitchen.
She opened her front door and stepped out. She could barely walk, the winds picked up so much.  She saw some neighbors standing outside watching the skies.  She found the key on her ring with the tape and the letter S on it and opened Sunny’s front door.  She turned to close the door when she saw Father Brody’s car coming down the street.  She stood by the front door and waited.
Father Brody pulled into Dovie’s driveway.  He had trouble opening up his car door with the winds so strong.  He walked over to Father Morrison’s side and held the car door open for him.  Father Morrison got out of the car and looked over at Sunny’s house.  He saw Dovie standing inside the screen door.  Father Brody held on to the old priest’s arm as they walked to Sunny’s front door. Dovie went to open the screen door, which flew open in the wind and cracked the glass on it.  “Father Brody,” she said, her voice growing loud to be heard above the wind, “Please go to my house.  My front door is unlocked.  There are supplies by the front door in bags along with a small mattress that I need you to bring over here.”  The young priest nodded and headed back out.
Dovie turned when she heard a loud moaning coming from upstairs.  The pains are starting for her.  They will extremely intensify.  I hope Doc Henderson arrives soon.  As soon as she thought that, Doc Henderson’s car pulled up in Sunny’s driveway.  Father Brody had an armful of bags and the mattress he carried out of Dovie’s house.  The mattress and bags threatened to blow out of his hands, but he held on firmly.  He met up with old Doc Henderson and they both fought the winds as they climbed Sunny’s stairs.  They walked in the house.  Father Brody put down the supplies and used all his strength to close the front door.  

“Look at that!  It looks like the sky is ripping open!”  Officer Harris said to his partner as they sat in their squad car.  They had pulled over when they had trouble controlling the car in the wind.
“Oh my God!  I’ve never seen a sky like that!  What’s happening?”  Officer Callahan said in a high pitch tone.  A black rippled line slashed horizontally in the sky, it look like fire lined its edges.  Then another black rippled line formed in the middle of the horizontal line and moved vertically across, it also looked like fire lined its edges.  It formed a cross.  Both officers sat in their squad cars numb with shock.  The cross in the sky started pulling apart as the sound of animal-like, deep growling sounding thunder was heard.  Light rays shone out of the outline of the cross.  Black and gold clouds billowed out of the cross along with lightning bolts shooting out in every direction.

Sunny screamed as the pain overtook her in intensity.  She fell to the floor and crawled to get her phone.  She screamed again.  The intense pain ripped through her.  She felt like she was being ripped apart.  She closed her eyes.  God help me!  I’m dying.  This is not normal pain.  Blackness, I see blackness.  A white dove flying in slow motion close up.  It feels like I’m on a roller coaster, going backwards.  I think I am going to throw up it stops so fast.  Is that Dovie’s voice I hear?
 She opened her eyes to see Dovie, Father Morrison, Father Brody, and some other old man standing over her.  The young priest bent down and tried to get her to stand up.  She felt like she was in a dream.  The young priest was able to get Sunny to lie on her bed.
The pain was so, so bad.  She heard screaming, screaming, screaming.  She closed her eyes.  Back with that roller coaster feeling again.  Faces.  Father Morrison.  Dovie.  Her mom.  Her grandmother.  Eric.  The sound of wings flapping.  The white dove flying slowly.  Why isn’t that screaming stopping?  It’s me!  It’s me screaming!  I have to be dreaming.  No.  I’m awake.  I can’t be.  Glass shattering.  I have to open my eyes.
Sunny opened her eyes.  The room was filled with an otherworldly blue light.  Bright glittery white specks of light were slowly floating in the blue light.  Something glowing in the cradle.  She closed her eyes.  Praying.  Prayers.  The Blessed Virgin Mary holding baby Jesus, beautiful singing, angelic voices, a baby crying.
Doctor Henderson injected Sunny with a strong sedative. “She’s knocked out now.”  He said as he pulled out the needle.  He took out his stethoscope and listened to Sunny’s heartbeat. He checked her blood pressure.  “She is stable.”
He turned to Dovie.  She was holding the baby, which still had a soft glow to its skin.  Tears ran down Dovie’s cheeks.  Both priests surrounded Dovie and the baby and were on their knees praying.  The window was broken; glass lay strewn across the floor.  The storm had passed and ambulance and police sirens could be heard.
The priests stood up.  Dovie passed the baby over to Father Morrison.  He held her and said a prayer.  The baby wasn’t crying anymore but had her eyes open and was looking at the priest.  He smiled at the baby and passed her back to Dovie.
“There are no words to express how I feel.  This is a miracle.  The hand of God bringing this angel to us, for our eyes to witness.  The love of God fills me.”  Dovie said softly.
“The prophecy has been fulfilled.  The angel God sent has taken human form.  There is hope now.”  Father Morrison said as he shook Holy Water around the room.
“Father Brody, if you could be so kind as to bring up those bags and the mattress for me.  I need them.”  Dovie said.
Father Brody nodded and ran down the stairs.  He brought the bags and the mattress to Dovie.  Dovie laid the baby safely on the bed.
She took out baby lotion and rubbed the baby’s skin with it.  She diapered and clothed the baby and wrapped a receiving blanket around her.  She put the little yellow bassinet mattress sheet around the mattress and placed the mattress in the cradle.  She picked up the baby and gently laid her in the cradle.  The baby was sleeping, its little pouty mouth moving up and down like it was sucking a bottle.  It was the most beautiful baby Dovie ever saw.  She had light, wispy blonde hair, otherworldly blue crystal like eyes, pink pouty lips, and porcelain colored skin.  She had perfectly formed fingers and toes and little pudgy arms and legs.
“You’re going to need a birth certificate.”  Doc Henderson said.  “Do you think Sunny will be able to name her right away?  She might need sedatives for a while and may not comprehend when we tell her she had a baby.
We can wait a day or two to name her, right?”  Dovie asked.
“Yes, let me know so I can have the birth certificate done.” Doc Henderson said.  “What a miracle this has been!”  
“How long until the sedative wears off?”  Dovie asked.
“A couple of hours.  I’ll leave you some sedative pills in case she needs them. The best thing to do is to talk quietly to her to calm her down.  I’ll be here early in the morning to check on her.”  Doc Henderson said.  “I have to go now.
Give me a call if you need help from any storm damage that might of occurred at your house.”  Dovie said.
“I will.”  Doc Henderson said as he picked up his medical bag and said his good-byes to the priests.
“Do you know where Sunny would keep a broom, Dovie?”  Father Brody asked.  “I want to sweep up all the glass in the room.  I can put some plastic bags over the broken window until it gets fixed.
Probably in her kitchen.  Why don’t we all go down to the kitchen and I’ll make a pot of coffee?  Both Sunny and the baby are sound asleep so it shouldn’t be a problem.”  Dovie said as she took the formula and bottles off the bed.  She turned to walk downstairs with the priests following her.
Dovie walked into Sunny’s kitchen and put the bottles and formula on the counter.  She looked around in the kitchen but didn’t find a broom.  She started a pot of coffee.  She went to the closet in the hallway where she found the broom and brought it over to Father Brody.  She rummaged through kitchen drawers until she found plastic garbage bags and tape.  She passed those to the Father too.  “Here take this kitchen garbage can with you to put the glass in.”  Dovie said.  The young priest went back upstairs.
Dovie sat down next to Father Morrison.  “Well Father, it is done.
Yes, our parts are done now.  The angel has taken on human form now.  Praise be to God.”  Father Morrison said as he fingered his rosary beads.
Dovie got up and poured Father Morrison a cup of coffee.  She put the sugar and cream and a spoon on the table.  Father Brody came back downstairs with the broom, tape, and garbage bag.  “I’ll go sweep up the glass on the front porch.”  He found the light switch to turn on the outside light and swept.  
“Strange how we still have power.”  Dovie said.
“God works in mysterious ways, Dovie.”  Father Morrison said as he sipped his coffee.
Father Brody came in.  “As far as I can tell your house doesn’t look like it was damaged by the storm, Dovie.
Good.  Thank you for all your help, I appreciate it.  Now sit down and let me get you some coffee.”  Dovie said as she got up.  She noticed the box of donuts that Sheila had given to Sunny earlier.  She opened the box and put them on the table along with some plates.
“Here are some donuts to enjoy.  I don’t think Sunny would mind if we had some.”  Dovie chuckled.  “Knowing her, she would feel insulted if I didn’t offer them to you.
Do you think you’ll be alright when we leave?”  Father Morrison looked at Dovie with concern in his eyes.
“Leaving me here with an angel and a mother who is like an angel, why wouldn’t we all be alright?”  Dovie teased.  “Oh, Father, before you leave would you mind staying here while I take Father Brody to my house to find my cat and bring her over here?  She has got to feel traumatized by that storm and she is probably looking for me.”
Father Morrison laughed.  “Of course not.  I’m sure Father Brody won’t mind catching her for you.  And while he has her, you can put that ointment in her eye.  Don’t forget to bring her water and food bowls over with some cat food.
Sounds like a good plan.  Let’s go, Father Brody.”  Dovie said as she got up.
They walked over to Dovie’s house.  As soon as Dovie walked in, Purrley came shooting out from behind the couch.  She rubbed against Dovie’s leg and purred.  Dovie walked around the bottom floor but didn’t see any damage.  She picked up the cat’s water and food bowls and brought them into her kitchen. She took out a sandwich bag and filled it with dry cat food.  Oh yeah, I must not forget the litter box!  She thought.  She took out a large kitchen trash bag and put the litter box filled with litter in it.  She had just put clean litter in when Sheila was visiting Sunny, so that was good.  She put the dry cat food and the bowls in another, but smaller bag.
Purrley was still hanging around her legs as she walked.  She went into the front room and picked up the tube of ointment for the cat’s eye and remembered to bring with her reading glasses.  “Okay, Father, if you could just pick her up so I can put some ointment in her eye.”  Father Brody was able to pick up Purrley.  She resisted when she realized who had her.  Dovie quickly put some ointment in the cat’s eye and then she took Purrley and held her.  Father Brody grabbed the bags and they walked out the door.  Dovie could see some broken tree branches in the yard and street.  She looked at Sunny’s house and the only damage she could see right now was the broken front door screen and the broken bedroom window.  I’m sure Eric will fix those for Sunny.  Dovie thought.  She tried to recall if Sunny told her when Eric would be back from his trip.
Dovie and Father Brody walked back in the house.  Dovie went into the kitchen and put Purrley down.  She took out the cat’s water bowl and filled it and put it down out of the way so no one would accidentally walk into it.  She filled the other bowl with cat food and placed it next to the water bowl.  The litter box she wasn’t sure where to put, so she put it in the powder room under the opening space of the sink counter until she could find someplace better.
Dovie went back into the kitchen.  Both priests looked tired.  “Well, Dovie, we are going to go now.  Don’t hesitate to call if you need us.  We will keep in touch.  Take care of that angel and the mother.  Do you know when Sunny’s boyfriend will be coming over?
He is on a trip out of state.  I’m not sure when he will be back. Oh that reminds me, I should get Sunny’s cell phone in case he calls her soon.
What are you going to tell him?”  Father Morrison asked.
“That’s a good question.  I think I won’t tell him Sunny had a baby.  That would be too shocking for him on the road.  I think I’ll just tell him she’s resting.  That I did have the doctor come over because she was in tremendous pain, but that she is alright now.
Okay.”  Father Morrison said as he slowly got up.
Dovie went to the door with the priests.  They hugged and the priests left.
Dovie went back into the kitchen and straightened up.  She pulled her glasses out of her pink housedress pocket and put them on.  She picked up the can of formula and read the directions.  That’s easy enough. It’s already premixed so all that I have to do is pour it into the bottle and refrigerate it until I need it.  She opened the can and got out the container full of sterilized bottles and nipples.  She poured four ounces in each bottle, put the nipples and caps on the bottles and put them in the refrigerator.  She turned on the light above the stove so she could see to get a bottle when the baby needed one.
Dovie turned off the main kitchen light and walked up the stairs to Sunny’s room.  Sunny was asleep and on her side.  Dovie put her hand on Sunny’s forehead.  She wasn’t running a fever.  The covers were off of Sunny and Dovie noticed blood on her nightgown.  She went to the bathroom and found a box of menstrual pads.  She took one out of the box and went to Sunny.  She pulled the covers over Sunny and then reached in and put a pad inside her panties.  I’ll help her get cleaned up in the morning.  I’m glad she is bleeding now, she’ll believe more so with the blood.
Dovie went over to the cradle and watched the baby sleep.  The glow had disappeared from the baby’s skin. Dovie moved her old, gnarled fingers over the baby’s face.  The baby’s forehead wrinkled up a little as she let out a little sigh and smiled in her sleep.  Dovie’s eyes starting tearing up.  She walked over to the bed and took the clothes and other items off of it and put them on top of the Shaker storage bench.  She noticed Sunny’s cell phone on the floor. She picked it up and put it in her pocket.  She went and sat down on the other side of the bed and put pillows behind her.  She dozed off.  

(End of Book 1 – To Be Continued)


To read Book 2 of The Descended, please go to smashwords.com @
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DCSmith

