

The Hotelier’s Secret Family 
By 
Oyebanjo Damilola                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Copyright 2015 Oyebanjo Damilola
Cover picture graphically altered by Orezie Arts
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved 
No part of this book maybe reproduced, downloaded or redistributed in any form without the permission of the author.
This is a work of fiction and all characters, organizations and events described in this work are figment of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to any event organization or person, living or dead is purely coincidental.
Warning:  This work contains sexual scenes and not suitable for minors.

TABLE OF CONTENT
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
About Oyebanjo Damilola 
Other books by Oyebanjo Damilola
Connect with Oyebanjo Damilola


Chapter One

“Sorry, I’m so sorry.” Imogen clumsily dabbed at the brown coffee stain with her hanky, while the man towering over her stood still. “I’m not usually this clumsy,” she remarked in her defense and then continued. “I guess I shouldn’t have rushed into the elevator the way I did.” She gave the suit one last swipe and tried to ignore the vague sense of familiarity that played on the edge of her mind as her fingertips brushed against the hard curves of his stomach. She stepped back to get a good look at him, but the gliding sound of the elevator as it opened stopped her. 
"There you are.”
The voice belonged to her boss, James Dulcan. With a sigh, Imogen stepped out of the elevator putting on a bright smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes. It was usually a constant struggle to remain friendly with him despite his tendency for showing unwanted affection. James returned her smile unaware of the strain behind them. He looked behind her and his eyes lit up. 
“I see you two have met.” She looked at him blankly and he gestured to the man standing behind her. “You just got off the elevator with the hotelier you will be going to France with, to help with the antiques purchase.”
 Imogen turned back towards the man, flustered and another apology at the tip of her tongue. She almost gasped when she recognized him. She stared into glistening jade eyes that didn’t seem to have changed over the last ten years and her heartbeat pumped faster. Craig? She fought to look composed but it was useless as her boss introduced their latest client, Craig Hall. 
A thrill of anxiety, fear mixed with excitement went through her and memories of a night best forgotten rushed back.  Imogen stepped forward on shaky legs to greet the last person on earth she wanted to see, much less travel with. 
 “Ms. Maud?” Craig Hall offered his hand, but she was paralyzed with shock and could only stare at him. 
Then his eyes flickered with impatience and she took a deep, controlled breath, hoping to recover her equilibrium. She barely heard what he said but stammered out, “Sir.” and placed her already damp hand forward for the handshake, expecting him to recognize her, but there was still no hint of recognition in his eyes. She couldn’t even narrow down the emotions that whispered through her skin, fear, relief, then anger. 
“Can we get down to business?” Imogen gritted her teeth at his brisk voice. “Ms. Maud?” 
There was now a hint of irritation in his voice and Imogen snapped to reality. Her bones stiffened in a defensive stance and she let go of his hand. “This way please.” She turned the corridor and walked towards the boardroom. 
“Oh Imogen, something urgent came up.” She heard James say. “You can handle this right? Most of the details have been sorted out with his team.” He came closer and whispered, “I don’t know why he didn’t leave this last meeting to them but you’ve got this, right?”
No, she wanted to say. “Yes.”
James held the door open and ushered Craig in. He turned to her, “Ok,” and closed the door. 
“Ms Maud, how about we start this meeting since James decided to leave me here in your capable hands.”
 Imogen’s pulse spiked at his words. He sounded glad and her eyes narrowed suspiciously. Had he remembered? She silently asked herself. His eyes held a mischievous twinkle, which made Imogen decide for a second that he had but she pushed the thought away. If he remembered he would have said something, she mumbled to herself. She approached the rectangle shaped conference table and took a seat opposite him, grateful for the distance. 
His voice caught into her thoughts, almost making her jump in fright. “You know, your name sounds familiar to me but I can’t place it.” 
She pressed her finger tips to her pounding temples, and had the distinct impression that he was teasing her. “I’m not sure, you must be wrong.” Imogen looked down at the desk, staring hard at the report. Oh hell, she thought and looked up at him. A shiver of nervousness glided through her as he scrutinized her with his dark brooding eyes. She watched as he stood and slowly approached in that sexy stride of his that was still committed to memory, and she tried to suppress the lust forming within her. This was neither the place nor situation to start having such thoughts. 
 “You know, it’s like you were trying to hide something. That was the impression I got earlier.  When you saw me, you reacted as if you saw a ghost. This had me wondering if I have met you before. Tell me have you ever been to Las Vegas?” He paused, stared at her then gave a shake of his head. “Forget it, I’m probably mixing you up with someone else.” 
Imogen bit back on the inner corner of her cheek and ignored the chance to tell him. She was not going to allow him come with all that power and influence that rolled off him to spoil her well-settled life. “You are wrong sir and you are probably mixing me up with someone you know.” 
“I might…”
He knew, oh God he knew. She frowned. Then why didn’t he say anything? “Like I said earlier, I have never met you, sir,” she said mildly. 
***  ***
Craig forced himself not to grin at the lie.
What he really wanted to do was sit and silently absorb everything about her. From the crisp feminine smell of her perfume, to her neatly styled white-blond hair and deep blue eyes laced by thick curly lashes. A wide smirk spread across his face as he remembered the coffee spill. In her haste, she hadn’t even thought to see who he was. The feel of her hands had let a familiar burst of pure lust slam right through him, proving that his attraction to her was still there. He couldn’t deny it, even after so many years, and just one night together, he still wanted her.  
His gaze trailed to her hands, slender fingers framed by neat short nails, but no ring. She wasn't married, he decided. But she could be involved with someone else.
With considerate effort, he shifted his attention to her face and held her gaze not knowing whether to continue the charade.  He tried to understand why she looked so unhappy to see him and continued to deny it even through her uneasiness gave her away. Was she so embarrassed by what happened between them? It was a night that had taken him so many years to forget. “You do look familiar,” he said slowly. He watched as her fingers twitched nervously and reached for the report, probably as a way to distract herself. 
“Oh,” she said.
“Yeah.”
“Well, I don’t know what to say.” 
Why the hell was she lying? “How about the truth?”

*** ***
 Imogen struggled to remain in control as he leaned forward. So close that she felt his breath hot on her already flushed ear. 
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” He taunted. “You thought I wouldn’t remember, didn’t you?” Then he whispered, “You are so different from the woman I met in that night club, you were uncontrollable then, you even told me your name was Wild Child.” A swirl of the chair had her facing him. She lowered her gaze as he raised her head with his finger. Softly he trailed his fingers down the one side, and then he stopped.
Imogen shuddered, recalling her behavior ten years ago. The trip to Vegas had been on a whim. It had also failed miserably in her attempt to heal her broken heart and wounded pride from Rex’s betrayal, but led her to Craig and straight into his arms.  A fierce hunger for the unknown had swept through her and left her breathless the moment she laid eyes on him in the club. She’d ignored every single warning in the book, not when it had felt incredibly right to be in his arms. It had been as if they were connecting and she had known him for years. His jade melancholic looking eyes had seemed to see deep into her soul. His smile had been infectious and handsome, soul touching and criminal in its right.  Getting drunk with him had been the only push she needed to pursue the wild wanting she felt for him. She had become bolder and he just as drunk and charming. It was the one time she ever lived on the edge, and truly felt passion. The next morning she’d left the hotel room without waking him. The reality of her actions had filled her with shame and no thought to what would be the consequences of that single night of passion. 
“I recognized you the moment you tried to get inside the elevator before it closed. You didn’t want me to recognize you, did you?”  His Jade eyes were grim now with annoyance pressed into every details of his face as he thrust his hands deep into his trousers pocket. 
“That’s not true,” she blurted. His words ate deep into her mind. Deep down his taunting hit a mark because he was right. The guilt that had always been haunting her resurfaced, and the need to tell him the truth, the real reason why she didn’t want him to recognize her.  
“Isn’t it?” He snarled.  
In a breathless voice she asked, “What is your problem? You talk as if I am the sinner and you are the saint. I wasn’t scared a bit. If I don’t want you to recognize me, is it a sin?” She continued in fury, “I knew you ten years ago but…” She hit the table with her hands, ignoring the tingling pain that followed. “That doesn’t give you the right to talk to me anyway you like, Craig.” She glared at him.   
“It damn well gives me the right.” 
She shook her head in refusal. 
“No?” He nodded. “Oh yes it does. More than you can imagine.” 
“For Christ sake I was so drunk and young. I was very foolish and I do regret my behavior. But one thing I am not going to allow you do is to make me feel guilty,” she said. Her hands clenched hard, how dare he judge her?
“Really? Then I apologize for doing so, but don’t forget you were the one fussing over me.”
“But you accepted, didn’t you?” She asked.  He had such blazing anger in his eyes and all because she had pretended not to know him. 
He stretched his hands open. “Who was I to refuse?” He tugged at his tie, glaring at her as he sat down. 
“Well then have your meeting all by yourself, all the information about the design is in the report, figure it out.” She stalked off towards the door on footsteps heavy with gloom and anger.
“By the way, I never did forget you all those years, I still want you.” He taunted just as she grabbed the doorknob.
Imogen stiffened and turned back in anger, only to have his face some mere inches from hers. How he got there was beyond her. “I wouldn’t want you if you were the only man on the surface of the earth,” she whispered bitterly, even through her body trembled and showed her how much of a lie it was.
She gasped hard as his hands encircled her waist and pulled her closer to him. “Craig, no,” She warned weakly as she realized his intention.  
He laughed, touching her face lightly with his lips. “Liar,” he murmured huskily, his breath hoarse. “You want me, and I also want you.” He captured her mouth shutting out any further protest with a kiss that so beautiful that it could only be sinful. It was like stepping into a whirl of tornado and it tasted so achingly familiar. Her mouth trembled under his touch and she silently cursed herself for not been able to resist him. She made a sort of unfilled sound and he released her hands immediately. 
He lifted his head, and a slow smile appeared across his lips as she pulled away. “I hate you,” she spat bitterly. It was a strain for her to talk but she had to. The kiss had knocked the breath out of her and left her hungry for more. Why did he have the power to make her respond to him that way? It wasn’t like she hadn’t been kissed this last ten years. She watched him finger his lips as if he could still taste her and it was all he could do not to take her in his arms again. She pulled her gaze from his lips and tried to focus on her anger at his arrogant assumption that she’d want to kiss him. 
“Oh, no you don’t, that wasn’t the impression I got minutes ago,” he said. 
Imogen turned towards the door, and the urge to smack that smug look off his face tingled at her palm. The need to escape from the room heightened and she tried not to show how his words threatened her. She closed the door quietly even when she had the utmost desire to slam it so loud that Craig would have a hearing problem. He sure as hell deserved it and more, after the humiliation he put her through.
The rest of the day passed in a blur and it took all effort on her part to focus. She kept replaying the morning’s events over in her head. In all the time she had envisioned their meeting again, it was never like this. She hadn’t anticipated how seeing him again would affect and her how she would react.  Absentmindedly she drummed her hands slightly on her big polished desk as she looked around her blue painted office with its upscale decor and tried to think of anything but the problem Craig represented. She wheeled her chair around to look out the window. The elegant view of the city spread out in all direction did nothing to improve her mood. Barbra, yes her friend would have a solution, she always did. Imogen picked up the phone with shaky hands and dialled Barbra number.  
“Hi Imogen, what's up, how is Ruby and Ryan?”
 "They are fine," she answered weary, wishing it was truly that way, but with Craig appearance things weren't going to be fine for a long, long time. “Hmm I...” Perhaps it was better to tell Barbra in person, she thought. So she said instead, “I think I might be late, something came up and I still have loads of work to do. I don’t want the school bus to drop my kids at home alone, so could you pick them up for me. I will let the school know you are coming.”
“Alright, no problem, take your time. Jimmy will be delighted to see them.”
“Kiss that little cutie of yours for me, see you soon.”




Chapter Two

It was six-thirty by the time she reached Barbra’s house and parked the car in the driveway. It was beautiful ranch styled duplex with a lovely garden filled with shrubs growing brilliantly and flaming healthily with blossom. The twins came running out the front door. Ruby’s pigtail bounced on her head as she ran down the marble stairs. Her brother Ryan ran slowly behind, his jade eyes lit with a big smile as he approached.  He’d once told her in such a matured tone not to kiss or hug him in public because those were for girls and his friends would call him a mommy’s boy. 
“Come on honey, give mommy a hug.” Imogen kneeled down to their height. “I’ve missed you guys.” She buried her face in the hollow between their head and inhaled the faint scent of peppermint, their favorite sweet. She didn’t like it but had to wonder if Craig did. 
Ryan was the first to move away, holding out a yellow rose with a large bud. “This is for you mom. No more hugging, I’m a big boy now,” He declared and flashed a devilish grin that she knew girls would fight to drown in at some point in the future. She had certainly drowned in Craig’s, and see where it had landed her. 
Imogen gave a slight cough and ruffed Ryan’s hair. “And I guess big boys give flowers not kisses and hugs?” She asked teasingly and waited as a thoughtful expression took over his face.
It again broke out in a smile that reminded her of Craig and he answered, “Yep, those are for little girls like Ruby.” He smiled at his twins who glared at him.
“Aren’t true,” Ruby replied.
“It’s true, little girl,” He teased.
“Stop it, Ryan.”
Ryan turned towards to her with a grin that so neatly resembled Craig’s and asked, “Does that mean I’m a big boy?” 
“Yes.” The sign held a note of resignation. “Let’s go in, Aunt Barbra must be waiting for us.”
The parlor was filled with light and had two enormous windows draped in a rich violet color with polished mahogany floor for easy cleaning. It walls were creamy and lighted by antiques pictures and painting. Imogen left Ruby in the parlor and went through a large door into the hall in search of Barbra.
	She discovered Barbra was in the kitchen through the rich sweet smell of food cooking that made her suddenly realize that she had missed lunch.
	Barbra was dressed in a pair of jeans and a black T-Shirt that was covered by her summer apron and looking at home with her hair tucked into ponytail at her back. Motherhood had really suited her friend and Imogen was happy for her. 
“This place smells delicious,” Imogen said and made a production of sniffing the air before giving Barbra a loud pecked on her cheek. She smelled faintly of rose water.
	Barbra pecked her back and smiled. “Um, I guess you are trying to get an invitation to dinner.” She bestowed Imogen with one of her knowing looks and continued with what she was doing.
	Imogen shrugged, going over to the fridge and pouring a cup of cream soda for herself. Sipping it she turned back to Barbra.
I have something to tell you, Barbra.
“Ok tell me.”
And she did, with more sense of calm than she actually felt.
*** ***

Imogen spent the better part of the next day buried up to her chest in work. It had been the same routine of going to building sites and coming back to meet new clients. Yesterday’s conversation with Barbra had left her feeling anything but better. She stared at the empty spot where the twin’s picture was usually placed on her desk but was now hidden and wondered about her decision. 
What if Barbra was right? And she had been wrong in keeping the truth from Craig? No explanation would justify her actions if he ever found out. How could she even begin to explain why she hadn’t told him he was going to be a father?  To top it all, she couldn’t even control her instant attraction to him. For most part of the day her concentration was clouded by thoughts of Craig and the what ifs that had become a regular part of her life over the years. 
He walked into her office by closing time and leaned by the door way. He grinned in that boyish way of his that made her want to hug him. Just the sight of him left her breathless and it  scared her. Imogen ignored the aching his smile caused as the amused glint in his eyes made her snap out of her reverie and stiffened her resolve. 
He smiled and invited himself to a seat. He opened his briefcase and brought out a file. She gave him a questioning look as he passed it across the desk. “Those are the necessary documents for traveling and hotel reservation.” He stood up as her phone rang. “We leave on the twentieth of this month.”
“Hello, Barbra?” She answered cheerfully as she watched his retreating back.
 “Hi,” Barbra answered and without preamble asked. “Have you told Craig?”
“I don’t plan to.”
"You have to tell him, Imogen," Barbra urged.
"I can't tell him, I won't," She vowed. 
“Imogen, you did a great job raising Ruby and Ryan all by yourself, but now is the time to stop running and share the responsibility. Let Craig share the job of taking care of them with you.”
“I can’t Barbra, it’s too risky and he is very rich and powerful. God knows what he will do if he finds out about the twins. What if he decides that he wants no part of this, of them,” she muttered. “I don’t want that for my children, Barbra. I don’t want them going through the same hurt I experienced in my childhood, it sucks. The truth is not worth the risk.”
Barbra sighed in exasperation. “Imogen you know I never understood why you decided to go through with your pregnancy alone. You let the mistakes of your father dictate your life and I think that was wrong. Don’t interrupt me, I know it was a one night thing but we could have tried to find him. I think you should tell him, he will understand and he will find out sooner or later. I think its fate for you guys to meet again after so many years. Think of Ruby and Ryan for Christ’s sake. Don’t tell me nobody at your office knows about them?”
“This is an architectural office Barbra, not a grapevine, I think I’ve got it under control here. He is still a stranger to me Barbra.” A stranger I was super attracted to but she didn’t say that.          
Barbra began to reply, but Imogen cut her off. “Listen the twins will have to be with you from the twentieth. I wish I didn’t have to but I have to travel with Craig to Paris.”
“That’s great, maybe that’s the opportunity you need to tell Craig. Have fun I am sure he will understand.” She dropped before Imogen could summon up a reply. Numbly she arranged her office then left, taking the elevator to parking lot. She quickened her pace as she sighted Craig beside her car. 
“Get off my car, please.” She added enough emphasis to the ‘please’ and hoped he had the sense to know how difficult it was for her to have said it. It would be another life time before he got another one.
           Imogen stopped in her tracks as he approached her. She stood still, refusing to show any emotion as he brushed aside a lock of her hair that had come loosed from the pins she used to hold its weight. “Have a drink with me?”          
       “No,” she refused flatly.
      “Please,” he begged in a deep captivating voice that had Imogen closing her eyes for strength. 
She could feel her resolve weakening. A drink with him couldn’t be that hard, it could even be the start towards a polite friendship.  “Okay,” she agreed. He said please, she justified to the little warning voice at the back of her head. ‘What kind of friendship do you plan to have with a man who doesn’t know you have his kids?’ It questioned but she ignored it.
 “I will follow you in my car.”
*** ***
   Craig beamed across the table at Imogen when she took a sip of her juice. “You have changed. As they say, once burned twice shy, uh?” He held up his drink in a silent toast and took a sip of it when she refused to join him. She looked so keyed that he knew she needed to unwind or might break from the stiffness.  He also didn’t miss the sparkle of desire in her eyes, however briefly it had appeared. Imogen might claim to hate him, but she was still as attracted to him as he was to her. It still didn’t explain why she hadn’t wanted him to recognize her. All that would be taken care of in Paris, away from everyone, he would be able to break through her defenses. He would enjoy making her remember how much she’d found him wanting before.
  She eyed him over her drink and he gave a silent order to himself. Calm down Craig, give her some space.
 “What do you mean?”
“That you don’t want to repeat what happened ten years ago. Remember we got so drunk in that club, it was crazy. Everything that happened that night was on impulse, you will not believe it but I found solace in you that night.” He watched as a slight blush appeared on her face and stopped himself in time from laughing. “I woke up to an empty bed the next day, why did you run off?” 
 “That’s right, no more alcohol in public places,” she agreed and ignored his other question. 
Since she didn’t want to answer he let it go. He couldn’t help but grin as she tried putting a tight lid on her growing anger. He knew he was starting to be a pain in the neck, but she wasn’t giving him the satisfaction of seeing her lose control. He loved it when she got all worked up and angry. She looked so damn sexy that way with her blue eyes flashing hot fury.
  The continuing silence brought him out of his musing.  “Are you sure?” He couldn’t help but tease. To find what made her tickle, lose her cool. “Time will tell,” he promised and smiled as she looked away. 
“I’ve to get going. You had the drink you wanted so I’m off.” 
Craig nodded, there was no use trying her patience any further, even he had to agree that everyone had their limit. “On the twentieth, don’t forget.” He blew her a kiss. “I know you want to kiss me.” He sure as hell wanted to.
 “In your dreams,” She retorted.
“That wasn’t the impression I got the last time.” His gaze lingered on her full lips and smiled in remembrance. 
“It was a stolen kiss,” she argued in self defense. 
He leaned over his table and pretended to think. “I think it’s been said and proven that stolen kisses are always the sweetest.” 
She shook her head at him and gave a phony smile. “I don’t know what made me think you could actually be nice or polite.  The trip isn’t until next week so stay away from me, and keep your lips to yourself Craig.” 



































Chapter Three

Imogen waved to the twins as the cab drove away from Barbra’s house and towards the airport where Craig was waiting. Avoiding him hadn’t been easy this past week. He’d offered to pick her up at home but she turned him down as it would have been too risky. After an uneventful flight, they touched down in Paris around mid evening. Craig had a car waiting, and in moments they were on their way to the hotel.
Imogen stepped into the suite, they checked in and the scene before her left her mouth dangling open. Craig came in behind her and she turned to him. “It is beautiful,” she told him. Cream and blue colored walls took up at least fifteen feet. Opposite the door, floor to ceiling windows and doors gave way to a view of a deep blue colored lake.
He smiled. “I’m happy you like it. We can have dinner downstairs,” he said. 
She gave a nod in agreement and opened a door to her right. “I think I will take this room.” She stepped into the room and felt the softness of the plush rug beneath her feet. A beautifully tiled step led to the top of a silky four poster bed. “I need to make some calls Craig, change my cloth and then we can go.”
“I will be in the living area,” he said and she closed the door. She took the bedside phone and dialed Barbra’s number.
“Imogen?”
“Yeah, it’s me. We just got here some minutes ago.’’
“How was the flight?”
“Good, how is Ryan and Ruby? Where are they?”
“They are good, although missing you they are also excited about staying here. Right now they are out by the pool with Jimmy.”
“Alone?”
“Of course not, Gary is watching over them.”
“Let me say hi to them, I’m already missing them so much. I’ve never been away from them for such a long distance.” 
“Hold on a second.” Imogen could hear her call for the twins and the line cracked as Barbra probably handed the phone to them.
“Mom.”
“Mummy.”
The sound of their voice made her heart flutter in happiness.
“Are you already in Paris?” It was Ryan that spoke. 
“Yes and I am missing you two so much already.”
“So do we mom,’ they spoke in unison.
“I will be back soon, before you know it.”
“Is Paris beautiful mummy?”
“I’m sure it is Ruby but I haven’t had time to go sightseeing. I want you guys to be on your best behavior ok, be nice to Uncle Gary and Aunt Barbra okay?
“Yes mom.”
“And take care of little Jimmy too.”
“Yes mom. Ruby and I want you to get something for us once you coming back.”
“Ok. I will call again soon alright.”
“Ok mom, bye.”
“Bye mummy, Aunt Barbra wants to talk to you.”
“Bye dear, give Aunt Barbra the phone and don’t stay too long in the pool.” She could already guess what Barbra wanted to say.
“So Imogen, I hope you didn’t forget what we talked about?”
“Thanks for taking care of my kids Barbra.”
“You welcome, but that doesn’t get you a change of subject.”
“I really have to go, maybe I will call you later tonight, bye.”
She changed and left the room in search of Craig. 
*** ***
The restaurant was on the middle floor of the hotel, with doors that opened directly into a wide terrace. A waiter materialized as soon as they took their seat.
Craig seemed at ease and quite charming as he helped her order her drink. She stared at him in surprise as his new found mood puzzled her. His mood had improved since the flight when he had been silent, and she found it hard to believe that he was the same annoying guy from New York.  
“What is wrong?” He looked at her uneasily. This was probably the first and last time she would ever see Craig at lose of word. And she liked it, he wasn’t in control now, nor was he getting on her nerves.
“Why were you so silent on the flight here? I mean I actually expected to at least have to resist the urge to slap you, even if it was just once, but you kept to yourself, you didn’t even tease me, why?” She watched his eyes darken and she could predict a protest coming. He surprised her by walking his hands through his hair, thinking of what to say. 
 He finally found his voice, for he said, “You know,” And then paused for his drink to be placed in front of him by the waiter. He took a long sip and continued, “I’ve been thinking and I finally realized how stupid and unfair it was of me to pester you. I was upset that you seemed indifferent to me and treated me with such casualness that I decided to annoy you. I guess it was my ego that took a beating.  I won’t deny wanting you but on the plane flight, I got thinking and realized just how I arrogantly assumed you would want to jump into bed with me.  Honesty I do not behave like that and no excuse can cover up for that.  Imogen I’m very sorry.” He reached across the table and held her hands. “Can we please start again, as friends?” he asked. 
Imogen brows drew together questioningly. What could have brought about such change? She studied him for a moment, trying to decide if he wasn’t up to his usual tricks. This wasn’t like Craig. He was arrogant, yes but not polite.  She took a sip of her drink to hide her nervousness and studied him. “No tricks Craig, I can’t handle that.” 
“I promise.” 
“Hmmm, then why did you get a suite? As big as this hotel is there should be single rooms available?”
“Does it affect our new truce?”
 “I really should be annoyed.” He nodded in agreement. ‘You should be screaming for another room Imogen’ she ignored the warning thought and said, “Like seriously annoyed, but when I saw the suite I liked it, and since you promised already, I hope I don’t regret my decision.”    
“You won’t.” Craig immediately signaled for a waiter and placed their food order.
The food smelled divine, and it looked too pretty to eat. Once the waiter left she took a bit grinned at the taste and took another bit. Imogen had to give him credit; he had a great taste for good food. The leg of lamb tasted like it had been baked to a brown crust and with it came real petit pois cooked in butter, a frothy puree of potatoes with gravy. 
She signed with pleasure and sat back in her chair. “Craig if I keep on eating like this I will be as fat as butter,” she claimed.
He winked, took a spoonful of his food. “It will do you some good, you are damn too skinny and a work alcoholic.” His gaze scanned her face. "A few pounds here and there wouldn’t do you any harm."
Imogen only smiled and turned her attention to the food on her plate. They talked with the ease of old friends until they both finished their food and he signaled the waiter. Imogen found out that underneath his teasing façade Craig was indeed a nice man and easy to talk to. They talked on everything from politics to arts and to her surprise, Craig knew something worth hearing about paintings and art. He was amusing and showed a truly repentant behavior making Imogen feeling relaxed. 
They retired back to their suite after a while.  
“Why don’t we have a drink on the Terrance, please?” 
Reluctant to leave his company she agreed. “Okay.”
He poured two glasses of Greek brandy and led her to the moon lit Terrance. The night was cold but they sat down for an hour, watching the moon shine over Paris. The city was a golden web of light despite the late hour and she understood the charm it had to most tourists. 
"I'm already feeling sleepy, Craig." She stood up too fast and gave a shuddering cry as she slipped.
Craig was fast enough to break her fall.  He grabbed her and they landed on the floor with Craig hand around her and she on top.
“I… I’m sorry,” she muttered, and then tried to free herself. It was useless, since Craig hands held her firmly.
“I’m also sorry,” Craig whispered huskily and his lips closed over hers. 
Imogen defense melted as their lips touched. The taste of his tongue was pure heaven and waves of intense pleasure zipped through her body making her quiver in awakened desire.
His lips were firm and warm, yet so gently and passionate. His tongue swept against her bottom lip, tracing the inside of her lower lip, he moved closer and swept inside. Hot round of pleasure filled her body. His fingers moved in tune with his tongue and her nipples tighten. Craig reached for her blouse and unbuttoned it revealing her breast to his gaze. Before she could make a sound he cupped one breast and took the nipple in between his fingers. Pinching it gently he drew the harden bud into his mouth and suckled while he groaned deep in his throat.
“Craig.”
He pulled away and swore.  The cool breeze on her skin made her feel exposed and she blushed as he helped her back into her blouse.
“That shouldn’t have happened and I’m sorry.  I didn’t plan it believe me,” he pleaded. 
Imogen rested her hands on his shoulder, and it stiffened under her touch. “I know we just got carried away. I’m off to bed.” She tried to make light of the situation and made her way to her room.  
******
She laid awake all night, reliving the memory of the kiss they shared. What is wrong with you Imogen? You need to fight this attraction, you shouldn’t even be feeling it. You are nothing but a conquest to him.  Yet all this didn’t stop the ache to feel his lips again, to lose herself in the strength and warmth of his strong embrace. 
Imogen greeted Craig with a bright smile the next morning. She'd finally decide not to let their new found friendship be broken. There would be no problem as long as she didn’t give in to her desires. They grabbed a quick breakfast at another restaurant in the hotel and headed towards the auction house. Spending hours bidding for old priceless furniture wasn’t her thing but it had been part of the agreement signed by the company and Craig’s management based on their request for an original architectural design. So here she was, actual enjoying the process and Craig’s superior skills at bidding. They had been able to get a priced deal on some Greek statues based on the initial design suggestions. 
The trip back had been long due to another round of traffic jam. Indeed Paris had the worst traffic in the world, although she’d enjoyed the view of the roadside restaurants, small cafés designer boutiques and bookstores.
Imogen flung herself on the sofa and said, “I’m so ravenous and worn-out.” 
Craig sat down beside her and said, “Don’t worry I’ve ordered, lemony chicken soup with macaroni and meat dish.” He unbuttoned his jacket as he said that and pulled off his shoe. He also sounded tired.
She clapped her hands in delight. The mere thought of food sounded like heaven and she couldn’t wait for room service to come up. “I have three more days to explore Paris."
Craig stood up and poured himself a glass of dry wine before turning to her. “I have been here so many times I already feel like a French man. Don’t worry I will show you the city. Why don’t you spend the rest of next week here, we can go to Sanglier."
"Where is that?" She asked with interest.
“My chateau, it is near the sea and has a beach.”
“Really, is it a private beach?” She was already picturing an ancient and intimidating mansion from the medieval times.
He nodded and said with a voice filled with pride, "My mother was partly French and Sanglier belonged to her. I inherited it when she died.” His voice held a twinge of pain. It was obvious to Imogen that he missed her. “Trust me you will love the place,” he promised and his face took on a dreamy look as he explained, “The sunlight, the sea and the little shops.” 
‘You shouldn’t Imogen’, but she ignored the warning voice and smile at him. “I’m looking forward to it.” The picture she had first conjured was replaced by another less intimidating one and she really wanted to see it. 
There was a knock and the room service rolled a food tray into the room.
They had the food on the small dining table in their suite with all the lights switched off except the glow of two candles. There was something intimate about the way they sat in the candle light without a since word passing between them. 
Her mind was eager to be by the seaside and take a few days of lazy sun bathing. She had talked to Ruby and Ryan in the restroom of the auction house and heard how much they were enjoying themselves. She retired to bed that night with a happy smile.
******

Craig was true to his word and for the next three days they simply explored Paris. They attended a concert on the left bank and she had loved every bit of it. He took her for a walk on the bridge looking into the serine and later they had lunch at café off the boule yard saint where Craig bought a yellow rose for her and insisted that she placed it in her hair. To any unsuspecting person, they would have passed off as newlyweds. 
They finally left a sunny Paris behind on the fourth day and drove towards the seaside going into higher attitudes.
“Do you like what you see, Imogen?” Craig’s voice sounded relaxed and truly she had also never felt more at peace with the world. The past few days with him was like flying on a cloud of heaven. He seemed to truly enjoy showing her around and also kept to his new self.
"Yes," She finally answered. She stole a glance at his face before looking out the window into the surrounding woods that they passed and smiled in contentment. She had even managed to do some secret shopping for the twins and it was stashed at the bottom of her suitcase. 
She first saw Sanglier in the distance. It towers pierced the surrounding woods and went high into the blue sky. She felt Craig glance at her and she turned to smile at him. “It looks more like a castle. Something out of a make believe romantic story. France is more beautiful than I thought.” The landscape was striking, changing form deep valley basking in the summer sunlight to great hill sides, and slopes rich with tree lines.
The roads were narrow from the valley to the hill sides in a serpentine fashion, twisting to give views of the deeply wooded country sides with silvered streams, enriched by tall trees around the towns. 
Turning back she looked at Craig curiously as they drove along the high narrow lane between deep beautiful green woods, not that she would fancy getting lost inside them. “Does anybody live on Sanglier?” They had never really discussed about that.
His eyes held a note of amusement as he answered, “Yes the workers, manager and housekeepers. I also live there, once in awhile.” He sounded like he also hated leaving.
“What a waste of a home,” she said, ruefully eyeing him. 
The car rounded a corner and went through a tall gate marked by square posts. He slowed the car as Sanglier grew closer.
“That is Sanglier,” he whispered huskily. The château was squared and built with towers, their top pointed. They drove into an inner courtyard and both got out of the car. At the entrance to the house some group of people, probably workers stood there. A girl not more than ten broke away from them, her hair flying in the air as she came running towards them 
Craig caught her in mid-air. “How are you, petite?” He gave the girl a peck and she giggled, replying in French.
He dropped her in front of Imogen. “This is Leslie, her mother is Camilla.” He introduced the mother, a woman in her late forties with dark eyes and a gentle face.
“Madame you are welcome to Sanglier.” Camilla bowed in a Gallic away.
“Thank you,” Imogen answered nervously and the other woman smiled. She soon discovered that Camilla was the head housekeeper.
“Camilla, I will show Imogen to her room.” Craig took her hands and led her into the court yard which housed a colonnade around sills overhead and flowers splashing their beauty in the sun. 
Craig opened the door into a large den and stepped aside.  Imogen stepped in and smiled in delight at the beauty of the room. The furniture’s were a mixture of regency and early turn of the century antiques that made the room look comfortable instead of stiff.  One of the French windows held a view of a blooming rose garden and the lacy curtain in royal silk blended in with the room as it moved gently in the fresh breeze. Craig opened a door and led her into a large entry hall, up broad stairs and a passage way into the second floor. He led her down the passage of rooms and opened a door.
“This is your room.” 
Imogen went in amazement towards the four-postal bed which dominated the room, with its high scalped canopy. She caught her reflection in the vast, gilt-edge mirror which hung on the wall opposite her. She looked like a princess in the silken room and her eyes shone brilliantly. She was barely aware of Craig closing the door behind her as he left her to her own device. She sat on the bed cover and looked at the room, at the rich exotic colours and royal silky fabrics.
It was evening by the time she was through exploring the room and she decided to dress up for dinner by putting on a dark silky evening gown. The bodice carved over her breast with a matching cape and silken fringes which swayed as she walked. She walked along a corridor passing through a narrow ached door into a room painted in a bright green picked out with gold. She went down the way they had come and found Craig looking out the window of the den and into the surrounding land. 
He must have sensed some behind him because he turned in her direction. “I’m sure you are hungry, Camilla had the cook prepare a wonderful food.” He smiled at her and approval glittered in his eyes as he looked her dress over in one single glance. 
“I can bet.” she approached the window and stopped beside him looking out into the landscape below. “It is beautiful isn’t it?”  
“Yes, but I’m hungry,” he said. He led her into a dining room. An oval table was set in the middle of the room with deeply cut rock glasses set beside some tableware. 
Imogen seated opposite him and stoked the smooth surface.  Then she looked at Craig curiously. “When was this table made?”
“During the Napoleonic war, I think, “he said with a gesture of his hand and she smiled.
She was served sausage, egg and bacon with the buttered toast and a peach melba by the servants who moved quietly in the background. They were quick to clearing the food on their plates and Craig stood up as the servants began clearing the dishes. 
“Imogen I shall show you all of Sanglier tomorrow but I’m sure you will want to sleep now?” Craig asked.
“I will love that, Craig. You will also tell me the history of Sanglier, I would love to know it,” she answered as they made their way out and up the staircase.
“Sweet dreams.” he whispered and bent to peck her lips. 
“Good night,” She also whispered back. 


















Chapter Four

After taking a long luxurious bath the next morning she dressed up quickly in casual clothes and went to have her breakfast. 
“You look very charming,” Craig said as he walked in. He took the seat across her and smiled warmly.
“Thank you.” She looked up from her food and smiled at him. She could tell from the slight wetness of his hair that he had just finished bathing.
One of the maids served him also.	
“Are you ready to know Sanglier?” He asked between mouthfuls of pancake, his eyes glistered with pride and joy. 
Imogen took a deep breath and said, “Yes.” She was getting used to hearing Craig speak to her in a civilized way. In fact she was enjoying his company and the fun time she always had with him.
“Okay,” he continued eating with gusto.
“But,’’ she emphasized, “I want to know Sanglier history.” The place couldn’t be without one and she knew it. 
He cleared his throat and started, “Sanglier was built in the fifteenth century by an ancestor of mine and it has been passed from generations to generations. Sanglier has been renovated many a time. But it is still the same style only the façade and tower might not be as old as the rest of the house.” 
“I’m satisfied.’’ Imogen signed and pushed back her plate. 
They stood up at the same time and laughed at the coincidence. Then he took her hands and pulled her towards the door. To the shy maids that giggled at their retreating back, they looked like a wonderful couple. 
Imogen almost laugh aloud at that. They might no longer be at each other throat but that didn’t mean that they were a couple.
They walked hand in hand along the corridor and Craig opened a door at the end. Stepping into the room Imogen looked around. It was very large square room, over the fireplace hung an enormous mirror framed in a trellised arch of stucco. The rug was embossed with beautiful flowers and the furnishing was in pale rose with a mixture of regency furniture. This place unlike the den was a nice throw back into the medieval times.
Craig was beside her and she turned to him with a wide smile. “It is beautiful, you must have redecorated it lately?”
“Nope, the heiress of Sanglier as I told you before happens to be my mother who married my father.” He didn’t explain further and she didn’t ask, rather she allowed him to tug gently at her hands and lead her out of the room. “We will see the gallery next.’’ They climbed up the stairs and he opened a large bronze door.
The gallery turned out to take up the whole of the first floor and was large with paintings everywhere and Imogen eyed them with interest.
Craig pointed out some paintings to her. “There are family portraits as old as this house and of course my family private collection. We have two of Van Gogh painting I think, sun flower and self portrait with bandaged ear.”
“Really, I would love to see it,” she said. She never thought of Craig as someone who would love art and not to the extent of having a house filled up with it. There had been a lot of things she never thought he could do, like been so nice and charming to her. It was a side of Craig she hoped wouldn’t change when they returned home.
There was so much she had to tell him before they returned. 
She quickly pushed the guilty thoughts that she was beginning to feel away and decided not to let it spoil her mood. 
The gallery held paintings that were historic and even amusing. They talked about books, music and films as they explore Sanglier. It was fun with both of them laughing at each other silly jokes. The scent of flowers came blowing around into the château on a soft breeze and Imogen fell more in love with Sanglier, it was just the place to take a break from the world and be at peace with nature. 
They walked through a door, which led up a stone carved staircase that wounded up. They climbed upward and emerged on a narrow catwalk which ran round the tower and they finally found themselves at the top. They both leaned on the stone parapet and stared out into the ever green woods. 
“It’s is just wonderful,” she admitted, closing her eyes as she breathed and felt the breeze on her face. She could see the outline of the surrounding town. They soon left and he showed her the dungeon, the old keep of Sanglier as he called it. It was a dark murky place and not somewhere Imogen would like to fine herself. 
 “My legs ache,” she complained as they entered the salon. “So many rooms,” she moaned in pain. They were also beautiful and she had loved every moment.
“You wanted to see Sanglier, remember,” he pointed out and poured himself a drink from the decanter.
Imogen stretched back on the large sofa and said, “For the next few days I’m going to soak in the sun and enjoy the beach. Then we can do other things like horse ride. I can ride very well.”
“I bet, I will go and ask for dinner, you must be famished.” He grinned and headed for the kitchen, with Imogen’s eyes following him. She felt truly happy and contented ignoring the voice that was telling her that she was living a fool’s paradise.
Dinner was a peaceful and quiet affair that consisted of fluffy potatoes, a slice of roasted pork that was mouth watering and filled with sliced carrots. 
Later in the den Imogen observed that the night was cool and beautiful and still young to be used chatting idly around the fireplace. When Craig then suggested that they explore the grounds of Sanglier, she readily agreed to. He made her put on a wrap before they set out and Imogen couldn’t help but smile at his concerned gesture.
The breeze was cool and warm as they walked around the grounds of Sanglier with Craig showing her the whole of the grounds and finally taking her to see the stable. It was warm large place and no one in sight.
The horses snorted as they entered and Craig led her towards a black stallion that looked fierce and daring. She approached it in awe, knowing that it would surely be Craig’s.
Craig shifted behind her and said, “Be careful, he is quite wild, here give him an apple and let him approach you not the other way.” He handled it to her and watched as she carefully did as he had instructed.
It worked and soon she was stroking the horse head with an expression of joy and enjoying it.“What is its name?” She asked as the horse nipped at her hand for more apples which seemed to be coming unending from Craig’s pocket. 
“Temper,” he whispered huskily as he watched her and the horse. 
Something in his voice made Imogen raise her head. His eyes were glinting with something she couldn’t name, and she stepped back cautiously. But instead she backed away into a bucket and fell over into the heaps of hay just outside the horse stall with Craig as he tried to catch her. 
He landed on top.
“More like the first time,” Imogen giggled nervously, their face jut inches apart. 
“Yeah.” He didn’t give her a chance to protest but instead covered her lips with his.
She trembled the moment he brushed his tongue lightly on her lips and pressed his mouth softly against hers. She simply closed her eyes and let herself go along with the feeling. She ignored the little voice at the back of her mind, warning her that she was threading on dangerous waters. This didn’t feel dangerous, it felt right like it was meant to be. 
The kiss became more firm as he gazed her mouth lightly and sucked it deeply. Her hands tightened around his waist and she pulled him closer, then worked her hands through his hair. 
The kiss soon changed to a slow back-and-forth moment of his lower lips against hers. He nibbled at it with just enough pressure to make her ach for more.
Craig buried his face in her hair and she let her hands come between them. She unbutton his shirt, tracing his muscular body.  His nipples harden under her touch and she played with them. She traced the length of his arousal and she was rewarded with a groan. She smiled in satisfaction. It had been so long and never had Imogen felt so exquisitely responsive or desirable apart from that one night.
He had her clothes off and she was soon wet and naked before him. He drew back to look at her and she watched through dark eye filled with desire as he admired her body. He kissed his way up to one breast and fondled with the nipple, biting it gently and cupping the other with one hand. His hands moved down to the centre of her desire, she let out a whimper as he traced his hands through her centre and inserted a finger into her. 
She gasped with pleasure. “Now, please, just,” She whispered huskily.
He worked his hands back to her breast fondling and suckling. “We have all night.” His thumb settled against her nipple, rubbing back and forth in the most arousing way and making the tip so erect and harden that Imogen thought she would die from pleasure. When he took it into his mouth she cried out in pleasure. 
She wanted him. She had lied to herself for too long, there was no fighting this attraction she felt towards him. 
“I want you, now,” he said hoarsely.
His mouth swooped down to take her lips again and his hands continued to slide down her body. Teasing and tantalizing her with light caresses and pinches on her nipples that made her trembled with pleasure. 
He patted her legs again and he kissed her in a feverish way as his fingers slid inside. Imogen froze in anticipation as he stroked the junction of her tight. She almost looked away as he held her gaze and entered her. 








Chapter Five

Imogen woke up with a smile on her face. She felt excited like a bride on her honeymoon. Last night had been a wonderful experience for her. She and Craig had sneaked into the house around midnight like teenagers who stole out of the house. They parted ways at her bedroom door between kisses and a desire to continue on her very silken and velvet four-poster bed.
She dressed up in a short orange sun dress, left her room and made her way to the den, where she saw Craig.
Craig smiled at her in an intimate way when he caught sight of her. “Did you have a good night?” He asked knowingly and laughed softly at the fierce flame that darkened her cheeks in remembrance of what happened the night before. “Camilla packed a picnic basket for us and we will be spending the next few days away.”
“A few days?”
“Yep, you want to see the beach for a while, then we stay in the little beach house. It has been cleaned up and fully stock with a warm bed that is ready for all sort of use.” He eyed her in a seductive way and Imogen turned away in shyness, she still wasn’t used to this new level of intimacy with Craig.
“Come on, let’s go,” She urged him. He allowed her to draw him to the kitchen where they collected their picnic basket after a thank you to Camilla. Then they took the range rover to Imogen’s surprise and she asked since the beach was within walking distance.
“I’m taking the range rover because I plan on showing you Sacconne. It is a small French town just after Sanglier, back the way we came yesterday. It is very beautiful and there are still lots of places to show you,” he concluded.
“That’s great.”
They stepped out of the range rover and onto the beach. Without words, he led her to the entrance of a path overgrown with wild grape vines and thickets of under bush, some dotted with bright flower of purple and yellow. There were also lots of coconut trees that made shade here and there and beautified the place.
Imogen looked at him in confusion, wanting to ask him where they were going but decide not to destroy the mood. It was obviously a surprise and asking him would just delay it further.  The path finally opened into a large clearing with a house seated in the middle. It was the littlest chalet she’d ever seen. It looked like something out of a fairy story, with its slopping roof and wide eaves. 
 Craig took her hands and led the way up the wooden porch to the front door, opened it and led her in, saying, “It has a view of the beach and ocean.” 
He showed her around as he talked. It had only one bedroom, a kitchen, parlor, bathroom and gardens with lots of flowers which she discovered were allowed to grow on their own with a little tending from the gardener. After exploring and unpacking she went into the kitchen to make herself a cup of coffee smiling at the pot of poinsettias placed at the window side, it’s fragrance filled the air. 
Craig came up behind her, rendering kisses on her neck. His hands moving seductively across her body as he sighed with pleasure. “I have been waiting forever to do this.”  He cupped one breast in his hand and squeezed. She smiled and laughing told him to stop. His hands moved down her back squeezing her bottom for a second and then turned her to him. The moment his
lips touched hers desire flood through Imogen. 
She tried not to be distracted by his hands as he massaged her nipple, using his thumb to tease her. He broke the kiss and she tipped back her head offering him further access. He kissed her throat and continued down her body before sucking one hard nipple through her shirt. He pulled back and she moaned in protest. 
“Shush, I think it’s time to move this to the bedroom.”

******
Imogen walked quietly to the large bedroom window.  Craig stirred in the bed behind her and she smiled. Yesterday had been the craziest of her life. 
A frown appeared on her face.
Getting intimate with Craig had happened in a rush. She bit on her nails in trepidation, was all this going to be over by the time they both returned home?  What had she done? Imogen shook her head in dismay. She just had to tell him, she could make him understand. He just had to because she was- “Oh my God.”  She clutched at her chest and gasped. 
 ‘I love him. How could I had fallen I love with Craig?’ Imogen silently asked herself. He couldn’t possibly love her, he hadn’t shown any sign. He wanted her in his bed, alright but he didn’t love her and the realization hurt like hell. Imogen looked towards the beach. The horizon looked beautiful, like a picture out of a fairytale, the fairytale she was living in with a lie. She was so deep in thought that she didn’t notice Craig get up and come towards her until she felt his hands around her waist in a firm hold. 
“Hmm, you smell so nice.” He buried his nose in her hair and murmured, “I missed you in the bed.” He began massaging her body.
“Craig I have to tell you something,” she said, trying to escape his kisses by leaning forward.
She made a protesting sound in her throat and he skillfully kissed it off. “It can wait, right now.” He lifted her up with his two hands and started towards the bed. “I want to explore your beautiful body.”
“I can’t-” he placed a finger on her lips to quiet her and his mouth soon replaced it. She instantly forgot her reason for protesting. 
 After several hours of love making they were finally lying under the comforter and in each other arms. The room was lit and warmed by the heat of the fireplace Craig had turned on and Imogen snuggled closer to him as he trailed his hand down her back. “I’m hungry,” Imogen said wistfully. 
“So am I,” Craig replied and from his voice Imogen could tell that he meant another kind of hunger. 
She gave him a playful blow on his chest and said, “I didn’t mean that.” She tried to ignore the feeling his hands were evoking. 
“Sorry.’ He turned her to face him and asked, “How about I take you out for dinner in a nice restaurant in Sacconne?” 
“That would be nice and I think I have just the right cloth although I packed mostly sundress and jeans so it will have to do.” 
“Anything you wear always fit you like a second skin, so I’m sure the cloth will do just fine. I will call the restaurant and make the reservation, and then we can take our bath together.” He turned for the phone and Imogen quickly shrugged off the bed. “What was that for,” Craig asked as she stood before him naked and drawing for the comforter in obvious modesty. 
 Imogen wrapped herself in the comforter and answered. “We both know how long it would take if we enter the shower together, so you call the restaurant while I take my bath in record time and dress.” With that she made towards the bathroom and left an amused looking Craig on the bed. 
Her method work because they had both taken their bath and dressed on time. She’d insisted that he dress in the parlor and leave the bedroom for her. 
Imogen got a warm fluttery feeling in the pit of her stomach as she entered the parlor and saw Craig’s look of admiration as he examined her dress, she couldn’t help but glow in delight. 
The dress itself was an emerald animal print evening gown she had packed into her bag at the last minute in Sanglier. It glowed once the light hit it and also had a low neckline fitted with lace. 
“You look beautiful.” 
“Thank you, you are not bad yourself,” She replied and indeed he wasn’t. His dinner jacket fitted him and sent off a wave of confidence and power.
 “Shall we go?” He held out his hand. 
“Yes, of course.” And she linked her hands through his. 
The restaurant was on the top floor of a tall rambling French house in the busy district of the town and made of marble stucco with double doors that led inside. The town itself had come as a surprise to Imogen.  It had an English look, with pubs and the places they had passed were beautiful.  She was aware of the heads that turned in their direction as the waiter led them to their reserved seat. It was on one of the balconies and the cool night breeze made it pleasant. 
Craig placed their first order of a bottle of pastis and bouil la baisse to start the course. 
“This place is beautiful.” 
He nodded in agreement and said, “You are right, I have always loved this place and if by chance I come to Sanglier I make it a point to visit.” 
The drink was a good appetizer and a nice start for the evening to follow. Imogen soon discovered out that bouil la baisse was a spicy soup, it tasted great and left her hungry for more. She voiced out her new appetite to Craig and he quickly signaled for a waiter who handled them both the carte du jour.
Imogen left him to decide on what to choose, trusting his judgment. He ordered roast beef with tiny slice of cold pork, salty salmon, Yorkshire pudding and trifle. “A bottle of burgundy will also do,” he added as the waiter made to leave. 
 Imogen glanced around again as they waited and made small talks. From the balcony she could see some of the town and its roof tops. In the soft breeze of the night, the town looked like a golden web made of light. 
“Yes indeed, it has been around from the medieval times and the town is nearly as old as Sanglier, it is called Sacconne. Tomorrow I will show you around. You will love it,” he promised and Imogen smiled. 
“Is there a phone at the beach house?”  
“Yes, who do you want to call?” 
“Barbra and my parents,” She lied. But not exactly, calling Barbra would mean talking to the twins so it was a white lie and not a lie. 
“Ok.” 
The arrival of their food stopped him from saying whatever it was that he had wanted to say. 
 Imogen was totally absorbed in her food and attacked it with pure gusto. French people really did know how to cook and tempt someone with it. The roasted beef was the sweetest she had ever tasted and Imogen wiped her plate clean. She looked up to catch Craig staring at her. 
“What is wrong?”
“Nothing.” And he continued to stare at her. 
“You are staring,” she accused and felt herself blush as his gaze explored her face. It made her feel unease and cautious of her appearance. 
He smiled but his gaze didn’t waver. “I can’t help it. You are too beautiful.”
“Thank you,” Imogen replied and shyly glanced down to her empty plate. After all they had shared she couldn’t believe that she was still this shy with him. 
Craig held her hand and smiled. “Imogen I don’t regret ever meeting you.”
“Same here,” she whispered back. She ignored the guilt building up at the pit of her stomach for the truth she hadn’t yet told. Later today, she told herself, this moment was too beautiful to spoil. 
He reached forward and kissed the tip of her nose before seating back and signaled to the waiter. He paid the bill, leaving a generous tip down for the waiter.
The drive back to the beach house was a quiet one. 
 “Thanks for a lovely dinner,” Imogen said as Craig packed the car. 
“The pleasure was mine, Imogen.”
******
They drove into Sacconne at noon the next day, dressed as tourist and looking every bit like one. Craig parked the car in the main street and they set out on foot for the places he wanted to show her.
Sacconne had a lot of small shops that were mostly family businesses. He showed her the local pharmacy, the old library which still held books from medieval times. It was located on the second floor of an old French house and reminded Imogen of a cozy bedroom with a large fireplace. Some books were truly part of the medieval times, very old in appearance and Imogen was fascinated with it. 
They later moved on to the butcher’s shop, a place Imogen couldn’t get out of quickly enough. Then on to the small gallery just off the road and went through some of the paintings which Imogen liked but not enough to buy. There was a record shop where Craig showed her his famous French artists and their latest songs that he admired. He bought one with a promise to play it later at night. He led her to the local market, it was crowded with framers advertising their products and calling out to people. It was quite different from her shopping experience in New York. She either shopped online or went to the grocery store, so she enjoyed the change. Imogen made Craig stop at a craft shop and look at the handmade designs.  A small beautifully designed purse caught Imogen’s attention and she eyed it with interest. It would go well with any of her office suit and Craig bought it for her. 
‘His pleasure’ he had told her when she had protested and wanted to pay by herself. It was well into the afternoon and almost evening when they were through touring Sacconne. 
“There is just one place left,” Craig told her as they came out of a book shop.
“Where?” She had asked but he hadn’t replied saying that it was a surprise. She had to follow him in suspense, through the woods and down a path filled with exotic flowers in their bloom before coming face-to-face with a cathedral. 
It was a tall modern building with a large French door at the entrance. 
It was large inside and held endless rows of pews with arc and lots of painting of Jesus and the Virgin Mary. There were lots of candles burning at the altar and the place smelled of burnt increscent. They finally retraced their step back. Somehow been in the cathedral had made Imogen feel more guilty than ever and determined to tell Craig the truth, whenever the time was right.
Unfortunately, the chance didn’t present itself when they got back to the beach house because Craig had her in his arms even before the front door closed behind them.         

******
Imogen ran lightly on the beach with Craig at her heels. It gave him a very nice view of her glorious sun-kissed legs so he slowed his pace in other to enjoy the view. She ran like she’d been born for it and as far as he was concerned that was true. They had made love all morning and finally gotten away from bed because Imogen had wanted to see the beach. He increased his speed, pulled her and they both fell laughing into the sand.
“Come on.” He helped her up and towards where they had set their sunshade and bags.
Signing Imogen sat down on her sun lounger.  “Can you please let me enjoy the beach? I really want to go surfing.” She looked dreamily at the sea. “I want to do all those things I stopped during ten years ago.” 
Craig studied her for a moment before asking, “Like what and what changed you? You don’t appear wild to me.”
Imogen continued, “Jet skiing and wind surfing. I love doing those things but I just had to grow up.” 
She offered no more explanation and he felt like there was more to it but he didn’t push. Instead he brought out a sun screen from his gym bag and started rubbing it down her back. “You will burn and I wouldn’t like that.”  
“Thanks.” She signed. Beneath the glide of his palm he felt her muscles begin to relax and the tension in them slid away. 
“Turn around.”  
“No,” she protested with just a hint of modesty.
“Why?” 
“Because we both know what will happen if I do,” She declared.
He shrugged and didn’t say anything for a while. Then he asked, “Do you have other siblings?” 
“Yes, right now my parents are in Greece, enjoying their second honeymoon.” 
“There, you are relaxed now.” He tied back the bikini and said, “We will do all those things you loved doing before and unleash the wild child in you.” He helped her up and led her towards the tall coconut trees and revealed a small cabin.
“Wait here,” He ordered and went in and then pushed two surf board and a wind surfer out.
“I didn’t know you kept sport equipment?” She carried the bags he held out to her and he led the way down to the beach. They walked until they reached a small private harbor, where a beautiful yacht was anchored.
“Wow.”
“Yeah, it is customized and moves faster than a speed boat.”  He climbed the wooden bridge to where the yacht stood. The look of satisfaction in her eyes gave him the urge to kiss her but he didn’t act on it. The chemistry between them sometimes scared the hell out of him. 
“And you leave it here alone with these other boats,” She was saying. He snapped out of his mussing and helped her onto the deck.
“No, but yes on holidays, besides there is full security here.” 
He dumped the equipment on the deck. “The boat also has a fully installed security system, she is my own little baby.” He patted the boat. 







































d



Chapter Six

Once the yacht sailed, Imogen dropped her bags on the deck and spread out a picnic cloth on the floor of the deck. In only her bikini and sunglasses she laid on the cloth, sun bathing.
 “Who is steering the boat?” She asked when Craig came to settle down beside her and made no attempt to go back to his post. Having a boating accident was not in her plans.
He gave a sign of satisfaction as he adjusted to a comfortable position. “I have anchored the yacht if you haven’t noticed,” he replied, absently tracing his hands up her bikini and brushing the side of her breast. “And I have other things we can do.” 
“Not now.” She brushed aside his hand and stood up, looking out into the sea. 
“And I say now.” He carried her off the deck floor and jumped overboard into the blue water.
“Jesus Christ.” She exclaimed as they hit the surface of the water and disappeared under. The water was cold against her skin and she tried to swim back to the top but Craig held her down, using his mouth to stop any form of protest she wanted to voice out.
And it worked.
Gasping and coughing she swam to the top and it was only because she was breathless. “Craig, are you crazy? You could have drowned us down there, it wasn’t funny?” The rogue! He had the nerve to grin and for a moment she simply stared at him. 
“But you look funny right now all wet and wearing a bikini so skimpy. You look more like a sexy woman than an angry one.” His gaze lingered at her breast and he licked his lips. 
“It was your fault,” She accused and started swimming away from him.
“Really?” He cornered her to the side of the boat with both hands by her side, the only escape route was to go under water and swim away and there was no way she would be doing that. An idea then occurred to her. She smiled at him mischievously and he frowned back. 
“What?” he asked. 
“Nothing.” His frown deepened. Then she licked her lips provocatively.  He let out a deep groan and placed her arms around him. Then he kissed her, long and hard. “I think I get the picture,” he whispered into her ear and Imogen chuckled. 
 They swam for about an hour and later boarded the yacht when Craig complained of hunger. They settle down on the deck chair to a light lunch of mustard sandwich with red wine.
“The wine tastes good,” she commented and took another full swing.
He also did the same. “From Sanglier’s wine cellar, I told you didn’t I?”  He asked smiling at her over the rim of his wine glass.
Imogen smiled and looked out towards the sea. “Yes you did.” A deep sense of anxiety darkened her mood at the thought of home. It seemed so far away and she still hadn’t told him anything. She knew procrastinating wouldn’t help but the courage to talk just wasn’t in her. 
******
They spent the like remainder of the week enjoying themselves. Craig had a beach dance, just for the two of them and Imogen loved it. He’d brought out his stereo system and played the songs of some of his favorite French singers as he had promised. 
They left Sanglier on a sunny Friday and Imogen said her goodbye.  She was truly going to miss this place with all its beauty. Imogen knew that deep within her, she would have given anything to come back and explore Sanglier, it was a beautiful château and she had enjoyed her stay there.
A dreamy look came over Imogen’s face as the plane taxied down the runway and took off, leaving France behind.  She would miss it all, the ocean always looking so peaceful and blue from the deck of the yacht. The memory would always be with her and that at least was something she could hold on to.
She settled down and made herself comfortable on the plane and slept throughout the trip, burying herself in wonderful and happy memories. She had left Craig to his own thoughts and anyway he had been seemed a bit subdued when they left Sanglier. He was probably thinking of all that had happened between them and if he should end their relationship. Come to think of it, he hadn’t said there was anything between them except sex. They hadn’t spoken about life beyond France, or the mind blowing attraction between them.
She wasn’t exactly happy as the plane reached New York and taxied down the runway hours later. This was it. And she still hadn’t told him about the twins.
By the time they had cleared custom, Imogen’s nerve was already in over drive and Craig’s silence was no better. He walked to her to her car. She nervously brushed back a strand of stubborn hair that had got loosened from its braid and she turned to face him. 
“Craig, guess this is the end of the road.”  It was forced out in a rush.
His brow came together in confusion. “What do you do mean?” He asked calmly, his hand tucked inside his trousers pocket. Under his gaze she felt like a teenager doing something wrong. 
She forced her eyes to meet his with courage she wasn’t feeling. “All the things that happened between us, it has to come to an end, we can’t continue like this.” 
He placed his hands on her shoulder and said in a quiet voice, “I want you.” She had thought he would say love. “What happened back at Sanglier was the happiest time of my life. It was wonderful and I’m not ready to let it go. I like and I want you which is good start for any relationship.” He looked into her eyes and Imogen felt that he could see through to her soul.
Not this relationship, Imogen wanted to say. He liked not loved. 
She took a deep breath. The temptation was just too much. He wouldn’t want a relationship with her when he found out about the twins. “It the same for me but I have commitments, I- ”
“Shush.” He placed a finger on her lips, stopping her from saying she had children. “We will give it a try.” He spoke with a lot of confidence and his tone booked no argument. 
	“Okay.” She gave in reluctantly. 
He pulled her to him and kissed her. “I promise it will work out, cross my head.” 
Imogen smiled meekly and tried to appear cheerful but she failed miserably.
“Come on smile. A relationship with me can’t be that bad.” He put his hands around her in a hug. 
Only you could say that, she thought to herself, I just hope you don’t hate me when you find out. She held on to him, savoring his scent, and then she let go. Forgive me, she wanted to say, I have to find a way to tell you.  
“I will see you in your office on Monday, I have some matters to settle at my hotel in California but I might be able to sneak away unless you not going to be at home before Monday?”
“Yes.” More calmly she said, “Don’t bother I won’t be around.” And smiled at him in what she prayed was a conniving one. He opened the car door and she got in. “Craig don’t worry we will see each other in two days,” She promised as she adjusted her seat belt and saw his face darkened with disappointment.
He leaned in through the opened window and pecked her. “I will survive,” he whispered into her ear.
“Bye.” She gave one final wave and drove away.
She arrived home minutes before the twins. Ryan was looking brown, probably from sunbathing in the sun and Ruby looked radiant. Hugging them to herself, Imogen realized just how much she missed them. She caught the look of curiosity on Barbra’s well tanned face. Her friend would never believe the mess she’d created. 
“Now you two slow down. You can tell me what you bought for me and all that you did while I was gone but Aunty Barbra is looking impatient and it looks like she wants to leave.” The twins agreed and ran off to their different room. 
“What?” Imogen asked when they were outside and in the driveway.
“You tell me,” Barbra retorted and looked Imogen all over.
“I don’t understand.”
Barbra scoffed. “I wasn’t the one who traveled with the father of my kids and didn’t tell him,” She accused. “You didn’t want to go but now you look different. I haven’t seen you look so… so beautiful, like you have the whole world at your feet. The only logical explanation is that you are sleeping with Craig.” 
Trust Barbra to be so matter of fact and Imogen just shrugged. If she said no, Barbra would probably draw it out of her, one way or the other.
“Good lord,” Barbra gasped. “You are really threading on dangerous waters.”
Imogen smiled dreamily. “I know but I can’t help it. He was so nice and loving. He was a total gentle man and made my visit to Paris very memorable. I loved every bit of my stay there.”
“You are in love, with him,” Barbra declared with the conviction of someone who knew what she was talking about, so Imogen didn’t bother denying it. “Does he know about the twins?”
The smile wiped off Imogen’s face, it was instantly replaced with a worry frown. “No, now don’t look at me like that. I swear I tried to tell him but he just wouldn’t give me a chance.” She blushed in remembrance and continued, “I will tell him on Monday, I swear it. You can’t imagine how much I enjoyed myself. I didn’t know what I was missing until I was on his private yacht.”                              
“Whatever.” Barbra opened her car and got in. “Just remember to tell him on Monday.”
“Cross my heart.” She waved as Barbra started the car and drove away, already thinking of how she would begin her explanation to Craig. 

******
Imogen dressed up Monday morning without her usual zeal. The long weekend had given her time to thing, how to explain to Craig and also the various ways it could go wrong. Each of the scenarios she had imagined usual ended with a terrible look of disgust in Craig’s eyes. She feared telling Craig about the twins, it would have to be somewhere private. 
She was still thinking about way to placate Craig when James voice stopped her at the door to her office. 
“Imogen, you look beautiful. The trip has done you a lot of good and that is a pretty sun-tan you have got.” Reluctantly she turned to face him, he was the boss after all regardless of his endless pursuit of her.  
She said with forced politeness, “Thank you sir.  She entered her office and he followed. 
“How did it go?”
She opened the large window. “Very well sir.” She prayed he had the sense to leave, Craig could come in any minute.
“Good and how are you Imogen?”
“Fine.” She placed her bag on the desk, feeling very happy to be back in her own space.
 “And have you come to a decision about me, what we talked about. It’s been quite a long time now Imogen and you haven’t given me a reply?”
She looked up at him sharply. “There is no decision to make. I don’t love you.” She almost apologized for speaking bluntly but it was for the best. 
He turned to go but stopped suddenly when he reached the door. “Is there someone else?” He turned to her.
“It is none of your business,” She snapped and when she heard him leave she bent down to pick up her fallen pen. Then the door opened again. She sighed and started to say, “What is your darn problem -” She stopped, her mouth hanging in mid air as she recognized the person was not James but Craig. Then her face broke out in a smile. 
“You must be mad at someone,” he drawled in observation and closed the door behind him.
All thought of James flew away from her mind. “Not really.” She straightened up and walked over to him. “I’ve missed you.” She enveloped him in a hug and sighed in satisfaction. 
“I feel like it’s been ages since I last saw you or spoke to you.”
Craig buried his hands in her hair and closed his eyes. “Me too,” he kissed the bridge of her nose and added, “Especially when I got home to an empty bed.” She pinched him gently when he said that. “Just kidding but seriously, I’ve missed you with every breath.”
“How romantic, can you please just kiss me. After that I have something to tell you.” She raised her face up expectantly.
She wasn’t disappointed.
He kissed her, softly with passion filling her with desire and making her limb with wanting. But it wasn’t enough. It had never been. He pushed her back to lean against the desk and lifted one hand which disappeared under her under her jacket and through her shirt to cup her breast.
She moaned aloud.
Craig used his other free hand to remove the buttons on her shirt and pulled the jacket open. She let him turn her back to him and gripped at the desk as he kissed the soft skin at her neck and shoulder, using his tongue to trace the line in the middle of her back.
It was too much, she pulled away turned to face him. They were too involved with each other, so much that they did not hear the door open and close, until the sharp intake of breath.
Imogen opened her eyes to see James and her body stiffed.
Craig felt it and opened his eyes. He turned back and saw James. He skillfully used his body to block her from James line of vision, giving her a chance to dress.
However James eyes were trained at her with a look of intense dislike. “You whore.” It came out with raw hatred. He didn’t look like the man who only minutes ago wanted her to love him.
Craig came to her rescue. “Watch your tongue.”
He barely heard. “You bitch. You are screwing a client and it is against office rule. Couldn’t you have met elsewhere?” He sounded angry, but they both knew that it was not only about office rule.
“Shut the fuck up, James.” That finally got his attention and Craig continued, “For your information, Imogen and I have known each other for a long time. We have a past together and she is not a whore.”
James gasped in recognition. “How right,” He said sarcastically. “I suppose he is the father of those your mistakes.” 
“Damn.” In anger she move forward and slapped him hard on the face. “You bastard, is that what you think about my children? They are not mistakes you scum bag.” She nearly answered the need to kick him in the guts. She might have if Craig had not held her back. 
“Now what are you two talking about?” 
James held his face ugly with anger and at the same time red from where Imogen had slapped him. “You are making a mistake, Imogen, he isn’t going marry you. I thought you had more sense than that.” He gave her one last look and left.
Imogen buried her head in her hand, waiting for the wrath that would descend.
“Do you have any child?” It came out dangerously low.
This was it, oh God. She hated James for taking them chance to tell him away from her.  “Yes, they are twins.”
“Are they mine?”
She didn’t reply.
Craig grip on her shoulder tighten and he shook her until her teeth almost rattled. “Answer me, damn it. Are they mine?” 
“Yes,” she shouted and let out a sob.
He removed his hands from her like she burned him. Grapping her arm in a hurting hold he pulled her towards the door, his actions devoured of emotion.
She tried to pull away, but he was stronger. “Where are you taking me to?” She asked as he pulled her through her department and into the elevator.
“Somewhere private.”

























Chapter Seven

Anger moved through him like fire as he headed towards the empty parking lot. Despite the curious glances thrown their way, he held Imogen in a killing hold and found a private spot among shades of tall coconut trees. He had never felt this way since the death of his mother.
He flung Imogen away from him and she barely caught herself in time. “Start talking,” he ordered furiously, he resisted the urge to shake her until her teeth fell out. How could she have done this to him? After what had happened between them. To discover that she had just been deceiving him, and he had fallen for it, hook, line, and sinker. It hurt just thinking about it. Damn, she had played him for a fool and he felt so much rage as he looked at her. She had kept his children away from him. That was unforgivable and to think that he had almost fallen in love with her.
“About what?” She asked as if she had no idea of what he was talking about and he wanted to give in to the urge to slap her senseless.
He told himself to calm down and said, “Why the hell you never told me that I’m a father?” His eyes were dark with anger and Imogen took a faltering step back. There was no telling what he could do and she was testing his patience.
“Did you ever want to know?” She accused hotly.
Her question cut him off guard for a second but he quickly realized that this was her way of making him feel guilty. He gripped her two arms in a painful hold, shaking her violently and said through gritted teeth, “Of course I wanted to know. Back then in Vegas, I tried to look for you but no one knew you, then I came to the conclusion that you I lied about living around.” 
“You are damn right, I did.” 
“Why didn’t you try to look for me when you discovered that you were pregnant?” He asked quietly. 
“I tried, I didn’t know your last name nor anything about you,” Imogen said. “Do you think I was happy to tell my parents that I didn’t know the father my children? You don’t know how much I would have given to delete that day from my life,” she spat out with so much bitterness that Craig wanted to lash out at her and hurt her the same way she was hurting him. 
He felt sick to his stomach with anger. 
There was no excuse for what she had done. He knew without conviction that she hadn’t search for him with all her heart. Her attitude when she had first seen him was enough to tell him that she would have been happy if she never got to see him again. Why else would she have pretended not to know him? After everything that happened between them in France, she’d had no intention of telling him that he was a father. How could he believe her after all her lies and deception, there was no way he would forget them in such a short period of time nor was he going to forgive her but for the kids he would tolerate her? His anger did nothing to wipe the hunger he felt for her or what she sparkled deep within him and he didn’t even know how to begin to explain it. One thing he knew was that whatever it was he felt for her it wasn’t enough to forget what she had done and her story was just too absurd to take in.
“You are a liar,” He spat out angrily. She was just a brilliant actress he thought.
She rubbed her bruised arm in pain and said, “You can’t imagine what I went through. Don’t try to make me look like the devil here. I looked for you, which was about three months later, when I found out I was pregnant.” 
“How convenient, just when I left the country,” He scoffed and looked away, the pain of his mother’s death coming to memory, this made it more painful.
“And how the hell was I supposed to know. I looked for you.”
“You didn’t look enough,” He shouted bitterly and watched Imogen bury her face in her hand and weep. When things become heated that was what they always did, Craig thought. She deserved everything he was dishing out to her and more. 
“If I had found you what was I supposed to say? Huh? No I get,” she continued when he didn’t reply and looked up at him with anguish. “I should have come up to you and say, ‘hi Craig, remember me, the  girl you met at a nightclub the other day and fucked, well I just thought you would like to know that I’m having your baby, isn’t that what you wanted?” She asked in scathing and sardonic tones.
“That doesn’t change a thing a thing,” he said. “You lied. Okay why didn’t tell me when I finally met you?” He couldn’t help but give her a chance to explain herself. Deep in his heart he wanted her to have an explanation or reason for not telling him about his children. “You had the chance to tell me, even in France?” 
“I swear I tried all those days we were on the yacht, I tried but you wouldn’t let me. The words that came out of my mouth were cut off by your kisses. You never gave a chance. It wasn’t my fault. I was going to tell today, I swear.”
 “Yeah, right, the perfect excuse.” He didn’t believe it for a moment that she had planned to tell him. At least there had been lots of opportunity for her to tell him and she never did. “You have been making a fool out of me. All those days we spent together, you just fooled me, no wonder you weren’t happy to see me again, you wanted them to yourself right? “
“That is rich,” she threw back. “Coming from you.”
“Really?”
“Yes really. What about you, I was drunk for Christ sake.”
 “I was also drunk mind you and I had just lost my mother to Hodgkin’s cancer.” There he had said it and wondered if the display of surprise on her face was another acting skill or real. He kicked at a waste bin and continued, “I was hurt and too drunk to resist a stupid girl that was throwing herself all over me like some Eskimo hooker.”
“I’m sorry about your mother,” she said.
Craig made a wave of his hands and said, “You don’t have to be and don’t change the discussion. My mother’s death was a long time ago but your own lies are still fresh and your deceptions are intact in my memory. You are just a selfish person, wanting everything for yourself.”
*****
“I am not selfish. In fact call me whatever you like but it takes two to make a baby not to talk of two babies. It is all done and over now. I took care of them on my own and I don’t need you. If you can just get out of my life and leave me alone, my children don’t need you.” She prayed he would grab it. Surely he wasn’t ready to face up to fatherhood?
“You are damned right, I would have loved to get out of your fucked up life but have you considered what the children wants. Don’t they desire to know their father? Don’t I deserve to know my children?” He questioned with quiet menace. 
“Just shut up,” She ordered. “You come into my life and start talking like I’m nothing. But have you just taken a second to consider what I went through taking care of them and still going to school. People helped, yes but it was humiliating for me. Do you know why? I didn’t know the father of my children from Adam and I had to bear my own cross by myself.”
“That was because you chose to.” It was said without feeling and a part of her heart crumbled at his attitude.
“Yeah I choose to take care of them myself and I just want you out of my life. You’ve done enough damages as it is. You really loused up my life. We don’t need you. My children don’t need a father.” She emphasized the last word clearly. 
“I have rights you know?” 
“What?” She fought back her fears and said in her most brave voice. “You have no fucking right.” She was trembling just thinking of it. This was just what she had wanted to avoid.
“I think not. I could fight you for custody of one of them, and that would separate them. Is that what you want?” 
“You bastard.” She raised a hand to slap him. But he cut her in mid air and then pushed her roughly away from him. 
This time she fell. 
“I want to meet my children and if we come to an arrangement I might not drag this matter to court. It’s only because I don’t want them hurt.”
 “What do you mean?” She asked and pulled herself up.
“I want to meet them.”
He had started to calm down and Imogen felt relived. “You will have to give me some time.”
“Okay, today should be enough.”
“No, two weeks.”
“One week.”
“Fine, I will need time to tell them about you, Ruby is a girl while Ryan is a boy.”
“So I figured.”
























Chapter Eight

Imogen finally picked up the courage and told them a week later over dinner.
“How would you guys love to meet your father?” She asked quietly, looking into her plate of ham and mushroom pizza with feigned concentration. She didn’t know what to expect from them, since they rarely asked about their father, except Ruby.
They both looked up sharply from their food. The expression on their face was confusion mixed with surprise and then happiness. If anything, Imogen hadn’t expected them to be overwhelmed with joy.
Ryan jumped happily. “Whoopee, we are final goanna meet our dad Ruby, and no one in school will make fun of us again.”
“You didn’t tell me you were been bullied in school, Ryan?” He rarely discussed or asked about his father. She’d tried so much to fill the void but had sometimes worried that seeing their other friends talk about their dad was going to affect them. He had never told her that people bullied them about never having a father. She hurt, thinking of what her children went through and how she could have stopped it.
Ryan only shrugged as if it didn’t matter. “I didn’t want to bother you, but don’t worry dad is going to be taking care of that.”
“Dad will be able to follow me to my ballet classes and wait for me,” Ruby announced happily. “And he is going to take me to lots of pizzerias.”
Imogen watched in surprise as the twins became enthusiastic about their father and began to make plans on where to go with him.  Without begin here Craig already had their undivided attention.
“Mom tell him to come now, please.” Ryan begged.
She pushed back her plate, resignedly. “Okay, I will go and call him.” They followed her to the phone, waiting patiently for her to dial his number and for him to pick it.
“Imogen,” Came the soft drawl.  He didn’t sound angry but she knew first hand that he was. 
“Dad’s got a nice voice,” Ruby whispered and Imogen laughed. She had put the phone on speaker and they could hear his voice.
She turned her attention back to the phone. “Craig, Ruby and Ryan will love to see you today, they can’t wait any longer.”
“Really, I will be over right now. Can I speak to them?” She glanced at them and smiled. Thank God he hadn’t demanded to speak to them, it wouldn’t have created a nice impression to the twins.
“Just a minute.” She handed the phone to Ruby, and then left them in the parlor to continue their discussion with Craig while she returned back to her food.
They came back ten minutes later looking very happy.
“What did you talk about?” The question was directed at Ruby whose eyes were shining with happiness.
She settled on her chair. “Nothing much, he sounds like fun and he asked me what I wanted.” She stated eating with gusto.
“Which was?” Imogen probed.
“A daddy,” she answered, happily and continued with her food.
Imogen smiled. “But you already have him as a daddy.”
“I know but I don’t want him to go back.”
“Okay,” she turned to Ryan. “What did your dad say?”
“Hmm, just boy talk.” 
She nodded and asked in a hurt voice. “Now you don’t tell your mom anything, right?”
“It’s not that, it’s just that it very private, mom.”
She raised her hands up in defense. “Okay, I understand.” Then the bell rang at that moment.
“That must be him,” Ryan shouted running out of the room with Ruby at his heels.
She stood up slowly when she heard them coming into the dining room. Ruby and Ryan voice could be heard as they were both trying to talk at once to Craig. 
He was dressed in casual jeans and shirt and he was definitely relaxed, like he was used to having kids fuss over him. 
“Mom you didn’t tell us that dad is a rich hotelier, I’m so happy, and my friends are going to hear this. This is so cool.” Ryan gazed at his father with so much pride and admiration that Imogen couldn’t help but feel a ting of jealousy at the attention Craig was getting. 
“Dad is handsome,” Ruby said as she stared up at her father. It was obvious that they were taken with him and Ruby hadn’t let go of his hand, ever since he arrived. 
“Ruby has a very romantic mouth for things,” Imogen explained to him and he chuckled.
“So I have gathered.” There was no hint of the annoyance he had towards her, it was probably because he didn’t want to have the twins worried and not like him. 
She rubbed her hand nervously on her jeans as he continued to look intently at her. “Have a seat, will you like some coffee?” She asked with cheerfulness that she didn’t feel. Going to the kitchen was the excuse she need because she wanted to put some distance between them. 
He sat down smiling at the dining table and said, “Yep.” He pulled Ryan who was only happy to obey down on the seat with him.  
From the kitchen she could hear them bombarding Craig with questions. She took a long time in making the coffee. 
“Dad, where do you live?” Imogen heard Ryan ask as she entered with a tray of hot black coffee. She knew that was how Craig usually took his. 
“Thank you.” He smiled at her, but it didn’t reach his eyes and Imogen shifted uneasily.
 Craig collected his coffee and took a sip before answering one of their several questions, “I live in California and I’m visiting here. I’m also planning to buy a house here.” 
Ryan’s face became animated. “Really, then we can help you choose, right mom?” All eyes turned to her for approval. 
“It’s up to your dad.” She prayed he would refuse. But Ruby didn’t give him a chance to say a word.
“Why don’t you move in with us dad? Then we will be able to see you and you can be able to read bedtime stories for me,” She suggested, battling her lashes at him. “You guys are getting married, right mom?” 
Silence followed her suggestion as Ruby waited for her reply.
“Honey, um we are not getting married and I don’t want you to get that idea,” Imogen said in a rush and then she knelt down to come face to face with Ruby. Leave it to Craig to put her in an uncomfortable situation. 
“But mom, I thought dad came back because he wanted to marry you and be with us,” Ryan asked in confusion. When he didn’t get any answer from her he looked up to Craig.
“Ryan, why don’t we leave that for now,” Craig suggested. “Tell me about yourself and Ruby.” He conveniently changed the subject. “And I will tell you about my beautiful house in France.”
That got them interested.
“You have a house in France?” Ryan asked in awe. She could tell that he was enjoying Craig’s surprises. Who wouldn’t? His surprises had practically thrown her off her feet.
“Yep, your mom went there with me during the last holiday, she can tell you how beautiful it is. Sanglier is like a castle but is actually château. It is just like a grand house,” He said, painting it in a way that sounded appealing and beautiful to the twins. “Waiting for you two to come live in it and give it love.”
“That’s cool, dad can we go to France one day and see it?” They both looked at him eagerly.
“Yeah, we all go on your next holiday and I will show your France. Your mom might find it boring. You know she has been there.” 
“I won’t,” she answered when they all turned to look at her. “I will go and prepare one of the rooms for you, it looks like you are staying the night.” She knew that she sounded like she hated the idea but she couldn’t help it. “And when I get back you two are off to bed,” she ordered as she left them in the dining room. 
She returned twenty minutes later.
“Time to sleep,” she said. 
“But mom,” Ruby moaned in obvious displeasure. 
“Don’t mom me, you have the rest of your holiday to get to know your dad.” It was not something she was happy about. She didn’t want Craig under her roof and still have the tension between them.
“Yeah,” Ryan said and jumped up in excitement. “Dad, I belong to a basketball team outside school and we are having a match the day after tomorrow. Mom rarely likes to come, so could you spare the time to come?” 
Craig grinned, like he wouldn’t miss it, for anything in the world. “Yeah I would love to come, is Ruby going to be there?” 
“Yep dad, I’m going to be there after that we can go to the pizzeria down the street and order the biggest pizza they have.” 
Craig lifted her in his arms. “You love pizza? They are my favorite. I never could get enough of them, seems like we have a lot in common.” 
Ruby nodded. “Then you will come see my play the day after tomorrow, I’m a very good actress,” she boasted and Imogen had to suppress a grin.
“Not so,” Ryan said, “Her acting sucks.”
“It’s a lie.” She tried to elbow her brother who dodged it. 
“How would you two like to meet your grandfather?” Craig asked. 
Two pair of jade eyes turned to him in obvious delight. “We have a grandfather?” They both asked in unison. Imogen also gave him a questioning look but he ignore it.
“Yes, his name is Harry and right now he is on a tour of Africa but when I called him he wanted to meet you guys and will fly in very soon. My mom is dead so you don’t have a grandmother.”
“But we do, we have grandma, Sarah and grandpa, John,” they both answered him again.
“I know, I meant that from my side you don’t have a grandma, her name was Rose,” He said this with obvious affection. 
“Now guys off to bed, you can continue your argument later,” Imogen said, ushering them out of the room. She didn’t need to turn back to know that Craig was following them. She could feel his angry gaze.
“Ryan would you like me to read your story also?” Craig asked.
Ryan hesitated at the door.
“Dad he thinks he is a big boy and bedtime stories are for girls,” Ruby answered for him.
Craig laughed, and winked at Ryan. “We big boys have to stick together, right?”
“Yeah dad, well good night mom.” Ryan gave him a light bow and went into his room.
Craig smiled. “I guess that is how big boys say good night.”
They all laughed at the joke.
“I want to show you my menagerie after you read me my story,” Ruby said as they entered her room. She ran across the room to jump into the middle of the bed.
She stood by the entrance while Craig made a place for himself on the bed and wanted for Ruby to brush her teeth and change into her night gown before bouncing on the bed again.
Imogen watched as Ruby made him stop reading and started introducing him to her doll and she smiled. It would take all night to introduce Craig to all of them. She reluctantly decided to come to his rescue. 
“Time to sleep honey, say your prayers,” She said instead. 
After her prayers Ruby climbed back onto the bed and Craig pulled the comforter over her.
“Good night dear and sweet dreams.” He placed a kiss on her forehead. 
“Good night mom, dad,” she whispered and this time in a drowsy voice. Imogen also kissed her and switched off the night. They left the room quietly and she opened the door next to Ruby’s room.
She stepped back and let him enter. “This is your room. There is an extra blanket in the closet and I’m sure you will be comfortable.” She gestured round the room suddenly very conscious of him and been alone in the bedroom with him. It seemed very intimate and very ridiculous of her considering the different bedroom she had entered with him.
Craig on his own part seemed unaffected by the room and her discomfort. Instead he rested on the bed and said in a dry voice, “You did a great job with Ruby and Ryan.” 
She raised a questioning brow his way. “I am glad you see that. Then maybe you can just-” she started to say in a very light voice with the hope of pleading on his sense of forgiveness but one look at his face she knew it was useless.
“No,” he said vehemently. “I’m here to stay, so get that idea off your head.”
She didn’t answer back but just started quietly towards the door.
“They don’t have to know how things are between us.”
She nodded in understanding and quietly left the room, wishing with all her heart that he would stop her.














Chapter Nine

Imogen didn’t feel comfortable having Craig just down the hall. After all that they had shared she found it funny that just been near him deprived her of much needed sleep. She hoped to God that he also wasn’t finding it easy to sleep. Today had gone more peacefully than she had imagined. The twins had been so engrossed with Craig that they hadn’t asked uncomfortable questions, like where Craig had been all this while. Thank God that she had actually told them the truth when they had first asked about their father.
Quietly putting on her slippers she went out of the room towards the kitchen, where she got herself a glass of chilled milk punch and wandered to the living room.
“Imogen-”
Imogen gasped with fear and turned around so suddenly that she lost her balance. She tried to break her fall but fell hitting her shoulders on hard tile.
Craig rushed to her side. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Imogen blushed, suddenly feeling shy in her night shirt when he had seen her with a whole less before. Really these days she was getting too modest for a woman who had once thrown caution into the wind. She rubbed her shoulder lightly. “It was my fault, really.” She didn’t want him touching her.
But he didn’t seem to think so, because his face was a mask of concern. “Did you hurt your shoulder?” He placed a gentle finger on it. 
It was already swelling and bruised but she didn’t want him to know. “Not really.” She rubbed at it and pulled back.
“Let me see it.” He reached forward and pulled the shirt down her shoulder a little. His mouth formed a grim line. “Come on, let’s go to the kitchen and get some ice cubes on it to stop the swelling.”
“Really it is no big deal.” She winced when he touched it.
“And who are you trying to convince?” He led her towards the kitchen where he sat her down on one of the stools and looked through the fridge for ice cubes. Getting the quantity he desired, he came over to her. He took her shoulder in his hands and studied the bruise and then placed the ice pack on the swelling.
She winced as he held it firmly to the bruise. The coldness of the ice park soon began the smoothing effect she needed on the bruise.
“Sorry, it will soon stop swelling and what were you doing out alone by this time?” He asked as he studied her the way the ice park looked against her pale shoulder. 
“Maybe I should ask you that,” She retorted. She removed his hand away from the ice park and held it herself.
He studied her for a moment and then said, “I was up because I couldn’t sleep and heard someone walking about so I came out to check.” 
“I couldn’t sleep also and I came out to get a drink,” She explained when the silence stretched to an uncomfortable one. Imogen couldn’t explain what she saw in Craig’s eyes but she shivered as she looked into their depth and looked away.
“So we both couldn’t sleep.” 
She turned her head to ask him what he meant.
That was a big mistake.
His face was dangerously close. She knew what was going to happen. She’d been longing for it ever since. She saw her own desire and wanting reflect in his eyes. Too late she realized that he wanted her but in an angry way. It was wanting mixed with hatred and resentment. 
“No,” She whispered barely having time to say it before his hands framed her face and forced it nearer.
“Yes,” He glowed back at her menacingly.
She shut her eyes so she couldn’t see his face, so she wouldn’t mistake hatred for love. It couldn’t be right that he would want her that way. He grabbed a hand full of hair and yanked her head down. 
He kissed her aggressively, no passion just wanting mixed with hatred. He forced her mouth opened and explored, thrusting into her mouth with anger. He nibbled at her lips without consideration and it felt like he only sought to hurt. The kiss was brutally like he hated her more than he wanted her. 
She didn’t want him this way filled with hatred instead of the love they once stared. This was just a road to more pain. “No.”
He made her lean back on the counter, one hand grabbing her full breast and savagely squeezing. 
“No.” Tears came down her face.
 He must have tasted the salty water on her face because he pulled away and left the kitchen without a word 
Imogen stood there in shock. How would she be able to cope with such bland hatred? After all they had shared? She ran a nervous hand through her hair and touched her lips, swollen from his brutal kiss. How could she continue to see him, knowing just how much he hated her? To think that just a week ago she had thought herself to be the happiest woman alive. Funny how life made you to look at the raw facts, the painful ones. 
They would have to come an understanding and she had a lot of decisions to make. She was awake all night, thinking and finally making some decisions she thought was the best, before finally going to bed in the early hours of the morning.
*****
Imogen woke up late, but she felt strong for someone who hadn’t slept the night before. She heard voices coming from the patio and still dressed in her nightshirt left her bedroom. What was the use in changing anyway, when Craig knew just how every inch of her body looked like?
“Good morning mom,” the twins greeted. Imogen’s eyes traveled in surprise down the patio table filled with healthy homemade food. 
“Dad made breakfast,” Ruby explained as if reading her thoughts.
“Aren’t you going to work?” Craig finally talked to her. He couldn’t even manage to say good morning.
“Yes, I sent my resignation letter just now.” She yawned then took a seat.
“What?”
“Why?”
That came from Ruby and Ryan. Craig just stared at her in surprise.
She took a long sip of the orange juice in front of her. “I have decided to resign and be on my own.” What was the use of working for a man who thought less of her and her children? 
“That’s cool mom, so when are you going to start looking for an office?” Ryan asked. 
“Not for a very long time. I’m so tired of working. I will love to stay home for the next two months and decide if I truly want to continue in this line of profession.” She smiled at him as he seemed to consider what she had just said. “What did you guys prepare?” She changed the subject.
Ruby eagerly filled in the answer. “Spaghetti Bolognese with egg, and lemonade. Dad did all the cooking and I showed him where everything was.”
Imogen opened one of the plates and the nice smelled made her remember that she hadn’t eaten much the night before. “Hmm smells nice. Can we get started?” 
Everyone took their seats and Ryan said, “We were waiting for you.”
She only sighed and continued eating. Last night thinking had left her with a big desire for food.
“You have a big appetite today,” Craig observed, looking at her through jade eyes that held only pure hatred for her but softened when it settled against the twins.
“As a matter of fact, yes,” She answered the same way. There was no use trying to be nice. He probably thought that last night would have her pushing her food round the plate. 
“Oh and Imogen my dad called, seems like he just arrive and he would like to see the twins.”
Her spoon in midair, the only thing she could say was a big, “oh.”
“Do you mind if I drive us all to his hotel suite, he is rather too tired from his plane flight to come but if...?”
“No it’s all right. The twins will love to meet their second grandpa and well it will be nice to meet your father. Right, children?”
“Yeah mom, so we are going to have two grandpas,” Ryan answered and grinned in happiness.
“Dad do you think he will like us,” A worried Ruby asked.
Craig smiled at his daughter and patted her hair, “Who do you think will be in his right sense and not like you? In fact my father already loves you without knowing you,’ he assured her and she bestrode him with a smile. 
*****

It was noon before an excited Craig was finally able to drive them all in his car to meet his father.
Ruby and Ryan chattered non-stop as they got into the hotel elevator and it started up. The prospect of meeting another new family member had them keyed up and arguing about how he would look like. What would Craig’s father turn out to be and had he been told by Craig what she had done. How she had denied him of his grandchildren for ten years? If so would he hate her like his son already did? All this questions added to Imogen’s anxiety and she tried to brace herself for whatever that would happen. She would soon find out anyway. 
The elevator stopped and they all stepped into Craig’s father suite. It was on the second floor and with huge widow that allowed the sun in. 
A man, who Imogen assumed would be Craig’s father Harry and that looked like the older version of Craig, came towards them with his arms out stretched. He was handsome for his age and had a smiling face which gave his face a softer edge above Craig’s more hard features.
“Children why don’t you come greet your old grandpa?” 
The twins broke away from Imogen and gladly did as he asked. He came down to their height and enveloped them both in a tight hug. “This beautiful young lady here must be Ruby,” he said and pecked her. “And that leaves you as Ryan; you are the splitting image of your father.” They both eagerly nod and smiled at him adoringly and he hugged them again. “And you must be their beautiful mother. My son as told me so much about you and I can’t tell you how happy I am to meet you.” 
“Thank you,” She said as Harry enveloped her in a tight hug.
“Son, how are you?” He asked and also hugged Craig. Imogen could tell that they had a good father and son relationship.
“Fine dad, I’m glad you could come.” Craig held tightly to his father.
“You just made me the happiest man alive. Your mother would have been very happy, I miss her so much, son.”
Craig nodded. “So do I father, so do I.”
“Come, my darlings,” He beaconed to Ruby and Ryan. “Have a seat.” He gestured Imogen and Craig to one of the several sofas, while the twins sat by his side on another sofa. “Tell me about yourself and what you have been up to? There are lots and lots of things that I want to know.”
Ruby and Ryan gladly filled him on everything. She studied Harry as he interacted with the twins, he didn’t seem the least bit uncomfortable. Instead he told the twins stories of where he had traveled to, also describing his home in California. The twins were also animated with him and looked very happy and at ease with their new grandpa.
Craig excused himself to go to the bathroom and the twins were studying the fishes in the aquarium that was in the dining room, leaving Imogen with Harry, he was still seated across from her and smiling. 
“Imogen, you know,” he began. “Craig loved his mother so much and her death was a shock to him. He adored her, in fact he was her life and I got jealous that my son had his mother’s attention. But that is not where I am going.  My beloved Rose died of Hodgkin’s cancer and Craig was mad with grief. We didn’t tell him about it, until it was almost the end because we didn’t want him to worry. Despite the fact that I knew about my wife’s illness, her death still made me mad and angry. The only thing that made me happy was that she didn’t suffer much pain. She was strong and wanted us to be happy after her death but I guess we just couldn’t move on.” He picked up a picture and gazed at it lovingly. “I don’t think Craig ever stopped hurting over her death. He tried to be strong but he just bottled everything inside him. I knew deep down he was hurting so much but wouldn’t allow himself to grief. On the day she died, he disappeared for days and when he finally returned he left for France. I myself lasted only two years, and then I dumped all my duties on him. I turned into a wanderer, touring different countries. But lately I have come to peace about my grief and I know Rose wouldn’t want me to still be hurting.” He came over and held Imogen’s hands in his. “Imogen I can’t thank you enough for bringing another kind of joy into my life. The twins have made Craig grief for his mother become less because he rarely ever discussed her before but now he even laughs over old pictures of her.”
Guilt tugged at her heart as she trembled with regret. If only she had known all this before. At that moment the room service attendant knocked on the door and came in with their dinner.
The drive home was quiet because of Ruby and Ryan were both fast asleep in the backseat and they had nothing to talk about.






Chapter Ten

By noon the next morning they all packed themselves in the family jeep and left for the basket ball court. After wishing Ryan good luck and seeing him off to the locker, Craig brought a cup of popcorn for everyone and they went to take their seats. Ryan’s team; the eagles started the game well and everyone was cheering for them. The visitors were also playing well but not good enough.
Anytime the ball was with any of eagle’s player Imogen would stand up from her seat and cheer with the rest of the crowd.
Ryan’s team finally won the game and it ended with Ruby dancing happily in front of them. She led them to Ryan’s team locker, where they congratulated him.
Ryan glowed as his father showered him with praise. “I think Ruby already planned for us to celebrate the victory at a pizzeria down the road. So let’s go.” 
The large Italian pizzeria was filled up with kids and their family. Struggling through the crowd they found their way to an empty table at the far end.
Imogen pretended not to notice the glance sent to them by some of the women. They probably thought they were a happy family and saying in their mind how lucky she was to have such a handsome man that made all eyes turn when he entered as a husband.
If only thing they knew.
“Here comes our order.” Ruby’s voiced dragged her out of her thoughts.
They settled over a large pepperoni pizza laughing and retelling the story of Ryan’s team victory.  Imogen could tell that what had made it more enjoyable was the presence of Craig and how Ryan had showed him off to his friends.
“Dad you will come to my play tomorrow won’t you?” Ruby raised an innocent eye at him and battled her lasses.
“Of course, I wouldn’t miss it for anything. I’ve made a promise and I will keep it.” She gave him a peck and continued with her pizza.
Imogen smiled to herself. She was happy that they were getting close to Craig. He truly looked interested in what the twins were telling him and laughed at their jokes. She could tell that he was going to be a great father, and the revelation didn’t come as a surprise. What worried her was how the twins would take it when he finally returned to California and how often he would be able to see them. She couldn’t actually expect him to live a hermit life, but Imogen couldn’t even begin to explain the rage she felt in her at the thought of Craig with another woman. Imogen directed her mind to the conversation at hand and told herself to just take one day at a time.
They soon finished with pizza and left the place.
When they arrived back home Craig was able to make Ryan follow him and help wash the car, something she never could do without much coaxing. Ruby also left to see her friend next door.
Left alone, Imogen sat on the sofa and was wondering on what to do when the phone suddenly rang. Reaching over she picked the receiver. “Hello Maud residence, who is speaking?”
“I’m sure you know. What is the meaning of the bullshit you sent to the office this morning?” James voice explored through the receiver and Imogen smiled.
She said cheerfully, “Just what it says. I seem to remember that I always sign one year contract with you every time the last one ends, so what the bullshit means is that I’m no longer looking for you. My contract ended last weekend and I’m not renewing it.” To think that the asshole had the nerve to call her after all he had said.
“But why?” 
“I finally knew what you thought of me and my children. The resignation was going to come before because I was sick and tired of you breathing down my neck.” She cut the phone before he could reply and she dialed another number.
“Hello, Adams Construction Company, department of Architecture. How may I help you?”
“Lara it’s me, Imogen.”
“Imogen, why didn’t you come to the office today? James has been furious and barking all morning with everyone. Why aren’t you renewing your contract?”
“I’m moving forward. I want to be my own boss so I resigned.”
“No wonder he has been in a foul mood all morning. I’m really going to miss you. I just pray they don’t give your position to that dreadful Isabella.” 
Imogen chuckled. Those two couldn’t stand each other. “Don’t worry, you can always see me after work and maybe when I decided what I want to do, you can be my secretary.” 
“What do you mean?” Lara questioned.
“You will know when the time comes. I need you to do me a favor.”
“What?” Lara asked, very eager to help.
She went straight to the point. “Help me pack all my stuff in the office, including that design I’m working on.”
“No problem, I will bring it over to your house today, when I get off work. I will go in and start packing them now, there is nothing much to do here anyway.”
“Thanks, I own you one.”
Lara laughed. “You own me big time, boss.” 
******
She was true to her word, Lara arrived with all of Imogen personal effects. She stayed only for some few minutes, missing Craig by a couple of seconds. 
Ryan had followed Craig to his hotel to pack his things and move in. The man was very manipulative and she still found it hard to believe that he would soon be leaving her house until his new hotel was built.
 Dinner was chatty as usual with Imogen saying just some few words in the background. 
When everyone was watching TV, Craig brought out a disk. “Ryan I have the latest Hancock game you told me about.” He waved it in the air and caught the twin’s attention. They were both crazy about games and had loads of it.
Ryan took the disk from Craig and began to look it all over.
“Why don’t you check it out in the game room?” Craig suggested. It was clear to Imogen that he wanted them to be alone. 
“Come on Ruby,” Ryan said to Ruby who seemed to be considering leaving her father’s company for the game.
“Go on honey,” Imogen urged with a smile and she needed no further encouragement. Ruby raced out of the room with Ryan at her heels. 
“Imogen we need to talk,” Craig said after a few minute of silence.
It was about time and she turned her attention to him. “About what?” 
He cleared his throat and sat back comfy in the sofa. “I will like you to continue designing the hotel.” 
“But you have already signed a deal with James. It’s not possible.” Even if it were she wouldn’t take it
“It is, all I want is for you to finish the design. I will pay you. Just name your price.” It came out like an insult but Imogen ignored it. “James will still build it but I need you to complete your design and also work on the site with the builders so that the design won’t change.” His voice was so cordial she wanted to strangle him, one would think they were discussing something as casual as the weather.
“You could get someone else to do it.” She folded her arm in front of her.
 “I know but I need the person who first brought the idea. It won’t take your time maybe just once a week.” 
 “Okay, I would love to finish designing it anyway.” She stood up. “I’m off to bed.” 
“I will see to the kids.”
*****
	Imogen over slept and woke up late the next day. Seating up in bed she wonder why no had one bothered to wake her up. After she took a long bath she wandered into the kitchen dressed in jeans trouser. It smelt of fresh coffee. She saw a note pinned to the fridge, the handwriting was Craig’s.
“We are down at the backyard playing basketball and the twins will love to have you join us, Craig.”
Their shout reached her even before she saw them. She stood the back door watching them play. 
“C’mon mom, play with us. Girls vs. Boys,” Ryan urged. 
“Okay, I hope I don’t fall.” 
“You won’t,” Craig said impatiently. He wasn’t has merciful as he has been when he played against the twins. Now he made it hard just too even touch the ball and Ruby was busy acting any time she was with the ball.
They played for thirty minutes and finally got tired and returned to the house. They took their bath, had breakfast and then went to see the play Ruby was acting in. She was the one with the lead role and she couldn’t help but boast about it all to them, to the extent that they all knew the story without actually watching the play.
They arrived in Craig’s car a little bit too early and when they had delivered Ruby backstage for rehearsal they wandered around. People were beginning to arrive and Ryan ran off to meet a group of his friends, leaving Imogen alone with Craig. They moved about silently with Imogen looking around for a familiar face.
Barbra came to her rescue with a smiling Jimmy at her heels.
“Imogen, I knew I would find you here.” Barbra hugged her. “How is Ryan and Ruby? I’m sure they missed me.” 
“Yeah, Jimmy boy how are you?” 
“Fine, his dad couldn’t come.” 
Imogen smiled and turned to Craig. “This is my best friend Barbra and her son, Jimmy.”
Craig smiled at Barbra and shook Jimmy’s hand like a man. 
“It is nice to finally meet you, Craig. I’m glad there is now a man in the twin’s life.” Barbra was satisfied of what she saw of Craig, Imogen could tell. Jimmy soon left to meet some friends and the three of them were left together.
“Why don’t we go to the coffee shop over there, we will be back in time for the play,” Craig suggested, using his best smile on Barbra and to Imogen obvious irritation it worked. Not again, she almost groaned aloud.
“Okay,” Barbra agreed and Imogen merely nod. After they had order their coffee, Barbra continued her chatting.
“So I learnt from Ruby that you are staying with them, how has the experience been, having two children to take care of?” 
Imogen groaned inwardly, there was sometimes she wished her friend wouldn’t be so friendly. This was one of it.
Craig smiled and played with his car keys. “Fun and very memorable, I missed a lot out of their life and now is the time to make up for it. They are two great kids.”
“That’s nice to hear. I couldn’t believe it when Imogen told me that you where their father. You stayed out of the spotlight didn’t you? I never even got to see any picture of you in the magazines, perhaps just only once in a blue moon. You know it never for once occupied to be that you were the one. Especially after your mother’s death.” She stopped talking for the waitress to serve their coffee and took a sip before continuing. “I knew things would work out fine. I told Imogen to tell you and I’m glad she did. When are you guys getting married?” She finally blew the bomb.
Craig nearly spilled his coffee. “Married?” He choked the words out as if the thought irritated him.
Barbra threw a confused look at Imogen. “Yes. I had the impression that there was something between you two, which is why you moved in with Imogen.”
Craig chuckled in a hard way. “Of course not, I moved in because of Ruby and Ryan.” His smile didn’t reach his eyes. “I found out about them thanks to an angry boss, your friend didn’t have any intention of telling me,” He said in a very sarcastic voice. His jade eyes were as hard and cold as granite and Imogen grip on her cup tightened.
 He stood up and said politely, “It was nice meeting you, Barbra.” 
He paid for the coffee and left.
Barbra turned an accusing eye at her. 
“I can explain,” Imogen tried to defend herself.
“Starting doing that now,” She ordered.
“I was going to tell him when that scum bag came in and caught us then started shouting and in annoyance told him. I swear I tried to tell him and he doesn’t believe me. He hates me and threatened to take the kids away from me,” Imogen cried. 
“Oh baby.” Barbra reached out from across the table and took Imogen’s hands comfortingly. “He can’t hate you, I think he loves you, the way he looks at you is like he wants nothing more than to be alone with you. I’m sure he still loves you.”
Imogen shook her head. “He doesn’t, he just wants to hurt me.” And he was succeeding; he was making life unbearable for her.
“Come.” Barbra squeezed her hands gently. “I’m sure everything will be fine. With time Craig will get over his anger and you will know just how right I am,” She said, with the conviction that Imogen wished she also had.
“I resigned from my job.” It just came out in a whisper. 
“Why?” 
“I want to move forward and I’m tired of James always breathing down my neck. You should have been there with me in the office when he said what he thought of me and my children.”       
“And I thought he was sure a nice man,” Barbra scoffed. 
“So did I, but he showed me his true colors. I was lucky enough that my contract with his company had just ended.” Imogen drank her remaining coffee and slammed her cup down; wishing desperately that it was James head that she had just slammed. The things she would have done with it…
A bell rang.
Barbra looked up and out the window. “I think the play is about to start.” They both stood up and left for the building were the play would be taking place. 
Craig stood up as they approached with no hint of anger in him. When they were seated he said quietly to Barbra, “I’m sorry for my outburst in the coffee shop and for been so rude.”
Barbra smiled and patted his hands. “I understand but I think you and Imogen have a lot of talking to do.” He didn’t make any reply to that.
The play started and Craig busied himself with taking picture of Ruby as she acted a proud smile on his face. Ruby’s acting didn’t suck as Ryan had put it but was very brilliant. The play was like a fairly tale story. It was about a princess, Ruby of course, who was kidnapped from her palace by an evil sorcerer to his kingdom where he kept her as a prisoner in hope of getting married to her and ruling her kingdom. As all usual stories would go, it all ended happily with a prince coming to her rescue and living happily ever after. 
“Dad,” Ruby shouted when she caught sight of them and ran towards him.
He caught her in mid-air. “You were great, Ruby.” 
“Really?” 
He gave her a sound peck that Imogen knew it left no doubt about it in Ruby’s mind. “Yes you are a good actress and I’m sure Ryan will agree to that. The play was great, right Ryan?”
“Yeah.” The word came out reluctantly. 
“Aunty Barbra?” 
“You were great, darling.” 
“I’m sure you will be a great actress,” Imogen put in. 
“Thanks mom.” Ruby smiled at her.
“Why don’t we celebrate the new talent by having a barbecue at my house tomorrow,” Barbra suggested and Imogen prayed silently to God that Barbra wasn’t up to any trick. The last thing she needed was a matchmaking attempt. 
“Dad, can we?” Ryan asked. 
“Sure, but we will help to prepare it,” Imogen answered. And Craig nodded.
They left the hall with and parted company with Barbra and Jimmy in the parking lot with a promise to arrive early the next day. They reached home in a nick of time and the boys started washing the car while the girls went inside to prepare dinner and clean the house. Imogen did most of the work, cleaning all the rooms and vacuuming the floors while Ruby just danced around retelling the play in delight. 
Imogen cleaned like her life depended on it. Working was the only thing that took her mind of Craig and the pain his hatred was causing and so Imogen threw herself fully into scrubbing the whole house. 
Finally the house was clean and she called everyone in for dinner. In between scrubbing and dusting she had prepared sweet smelling egg, bacons and sausage with hot buttered toast and cold juice to wash it all down.
“Dad doesn’t the food smells just great?” Ryan asked taking a piece of toast after they had all washed their hands.
“Delicious,” he murmured in answer and took another bit. Imogen wasn’t sure if he meant it or it was just for the sake o the twins. She was never really sure of his mood or what he was thinking. 
“Dad what are you doing in New York?” Ruby asked.
 “I have a new site here for the building of my new hotel, I decided to come and see the site for myself and then I met your mother.”
“So you wouldn’t mind if we show you around, mom knows all the nice places apart from the beach. Come on say yes dad?”
“I will be glad to, what do you say about the day after tomorrow?”
Ryan grinned and answer, “That would be cool dad, mom you will be free, right?” Ruby nodded in agreement and so it was agreed.
Dinner was done with and everyone went to sleep leaving Imogen alone in the parlor.
She stood up and went into her office, which was just off the library and worked all night finishing and rearranging the hotel designs until she was satisfied that it was perfect. 
The next morning between breakfast of bread and egg Imogen gave the complete design for the hotel to Craig who was dressed for work. He calmly accepted it and left promising to be at Barbra’s house in the evening.
Craig was true to his word and arrived on time.
He must have changed because he was dressed casually in a red T-Shirt that advertised one of his numerous hotels and cream shorts. Ever since he arrived, he had been funny and not an ounce of his anger towards her had surfaced. 
When he arrived Barbra bless her soul had introduced him to Gary and since then Craig had immediately turned his full attention into helping get the barbecue started.


















Chapter Eleven
 
There were large containers of potato salad with onion and boiled egg; tomato and fried chicken, baked ham, corn and of course hamburger and hot dogs all set to be grilled to perfection, which Craig knew without doubt was the handwork of both Imogen and Barbra. From the few meals Imogen had prepared he knew that she was one hell of a great cook. If only she wasn’t such a great liar.
She was dressed in an oversized blue T-shirt that did nothing to hide her womanly curves. The cream shorts she had on revealed more than he wanted of her long well tanned legs.
Craig had to admit it, she had a body to die for and even when he was still angry at her deception that didn’t stop him from wanting her. He was going to act on it and allow her to make another fool out of him. Only God knew if she had actually meant to tell him about his children. As quickly as the thought had come he pushed it away and turned his mind to the matter at hand.
 The sounds of the twin’s laughter floated on the ocean breeze to where Craig was. The sky was deep blue, the sun hot and he was surrounded by people who took Imogen as a part of the family. His gaze lingered on the curve of Imogen breast as she laughed at something Gary said but he quickly glanced away when from the corner of his eyes he saw Gary and Barbra exchange knowing looks.
The last thing he needed was for them to know that he still had the hots for Imogen. How a man could want a woman he hated with passion. He was a living example of how cruel fate was.
He later turned to watched her through narrowed eyes as she set trays of appetizers and served drinks. When he had agreed to come to the barbecue he had told himself that it was because he would get to spend much time with the twins and he hadn’t expected to enjoy it so much. 
The twins were now drifting nosily and happily in an inflatable raft in the pool, enjoying themselves while Imogen went to seat lazily on a deck chair beside the pool. Was it his imagination or had she been putting some distance between them.
The coal was hot enough and they all started to gather around the grill, waiting for the streak, burgers, franks and hotdogs to roast.
******
 “So Craig how is it combining fatherhood and been a multibillionaire hotelier?” Gary asked, trying in vain to break the silence. “It must be exciting?” He asked with envy. Imogen could understand why. Gary was an economist and a stock broker who had his own company and Imogen figured that printout of clients stocks and shares must bore him even though he made lots of money from it.
Craig shrugged. “It has been fun,’ he answered as he served up the hamburgers and hot dogs. “I will say fatherhood agrees with me.” That was an understatement, thought Imogen. He was fatherhood.
“That’s great to hear,” Barbra said, handing Imogen a tall glass of lemonade accompanied with a look that spoke volumes.
“Dad, why don’t we have a beach volley?” Ryan asked from where he now sat by the pool his feet dangling in the water alongside his sister.
Craig nodded in agreement. “Sure, girls vs. boys,” he challenged.
Playing volley ball on the beach turned out to be fun and the girls had won but it was only because the men had let them. They came back to the house tired and deep in sweat from their little exercise.
“I’ve never felt so dirty and happy at the same time,” Imogen said as she wiped sweat from her forehead. “I think a long soak in the pool is what I need.” She changed into her bikini and didn’t see Craig’s hard expression turn to longing as she dived gracefully into the pool.
The barbecue was a great success. Gary and Craig became instant friends and it had been fun. Imogen had enjoyed every bit of the time they spent there and she almost felt like they were one happy family.
They left just as the sun disappeared and the twins appeared to be falling asleep. The drive home was just as quiet as always because the twins were asleep.
******	
The building of the hotel started and for the next few weeks Imogen was kept busy, inspecting and correcting along side with Craig. The hotel was going to be a success and since Imogen was familiar with all the builders it was very easy.
They found time in between for Craig to meet Imogen’s parents who had flown in days ago and also take Ruby and Ryan to visit his father again. Her mother had like Craig and hadn’t bothered to keep her thoughts to herself for she was always pointing out to Imogen how good man Craig was.
The twins were finally able to convince Craig to let them visit the hotel site and inspect it. 
The hotel was half way done and there were all sorts of machines about. Imogen showed them the place that would be the gardens, the golf course making sure not to take them near the main building and the machineries. Craig was busy talking to a group of builders as she showed Ruby and Ryan.
“Mom, come on we want to see the main building.” Ryan didn’t wait for her reply but started running towards the building in excitement, Ruby at his heels and unmindful of the danger. 
“No wait, it is dangerous.” But they were out of hear shot and she started running after them.
Then it happened. 
The man at the wheels of the crane suddenly fell over the controls and the long arm came down in a rush. 
“Ruby no, get down, down,” Imogen shouted, in horror and stood still in fear.
 It missed Ruby and hit Imogen, sending her in a back flip. She heard the cry ‘Imogen. Mom’ as she landed on her back.
The last thing she saw was Craig’s Jade eyes. They looked alarming at her without hatred. She smiled and her world dissolved into a fuzziness that rushed through her, pushing her into a soft blackness of quiet peace.












Chapter Twelve

Consciousness came slowly, and painfully. It seemed to take a lifetime as Imogen became aware of her surrounding, the crying childlike voice and a soothing voice. All of it just made the pain in her head unbearable and the pounding increased.
She was scared to come back to reality. She didn’t want to face it. Not just yet. In the voices were those she recognized. Then she felt something soft against her hair, stroking in a smoothing way.
She finally got the courage and opened her eyes.
The first thing was a sharp pain in her head. A terrible pounding that made her close her eyes back in pain and groan. She felt like she had been run over by a truck. She opened her eyes again, much slowly this time. The pounding in her head didn’t stop and it felt like she had just passed through a terrible underground eruption and so she closed her eyes again.
Somebody whispered, “She is awake.”
Imogen opened her eyes and looked around. She was on a bed in what seemed to be a small hospital room and a doctor was attending to her.
 “Calm down, Imogen, you are alright,” The same voice said, as if sensing her growing confusion. The same hand has before begun smoothing her hand and Imogen suddenly felt save.
Then she remembered.
“Oh! My baby, Ruby.”
“She is fine, you just go back to sleep, you need to rest.” The voice cooed, making her think of been surrounded by chocolates. The way it came out was just like been wrapped in a blanket on a cold rainy night.
She didn’t argue but drifted back to sleep.
She woke up the next day or so she thought and a cheerful nurse came in, gave her an injection and some medicines before she drifted off to another long sleep again. She felt too drained and hadn’t said a word while the nurse had attended to her. Just the remembrance of what happened at the sight was enough to leave her all shaken up and tired. At least Ruby was all right, if only she had watched them more carefully, all this wouldn’t have happened.
She woke up later again and there was someone in the room with her. It was Craig and she finally recognized the smoothing voice as his. He stood up from the chair when he noticed that she was awake and came closer to her bed. He looked as if he hadn’t slept in a while and his cloths were winkled. Could he have been worried about her? She glanced around but there was no other person in the room with them. Where were her children?
“Where are they?” 
Craig reached out and touched her face. Then he smiled faintly. “At home, just rest. Your parents are worried about you. So is everyone. Go back to sleep darling,” he whispered and Imogen smiled despite the pain in her head. Craig had called her darling and it was enough persuasion.
*****

She woke up the next morning to a room brought alive by beautiful flowers. Lots and lots of them but she was too weak to admire them only to smell their freshness and feel the way they lifted the mood of the room.
The doctor came to examine her and commented on her improvement, not bothering to tell her what was wrong. So did the nurses, only smiling and opening the curtains but not telling her what the state of her injury was. She slept the whole day, receiving no visitors. Not even Craig and she felt disappointed. 
She only woke up once and it was for her medications. That was the same routine. She’d lost count of days and she was allowed no visitors except Craig but she had been too tired or sleepy from her medications to talk. 
After a long line of protesting Imogen was allowed to seat up and she gasped at the extent of her injuries. Her head was in bandage and every surface bruised or plastered, even her hands were not left off but had few bruises here and there. Luckily she didn’t fell much pain nor had great injuries in her leg. For a while she had thought she wasn’t going to walk again and her injuries had been much, which was why everyone was hushed up about it. After much thinking she finally discovered that it was perhaps because they didn’t want her to worry but concentrate on getting fine.
By the time the doctor came in, Imogen was determined to know how she was faring. What was the use of them keeping it away from her anyway?
“Doctor what exactly is the state of my injuries?” She asked in a composed tone of voice when he finished examining her.
He seemed to think before answering, “You hit your head and had a concussion. You crashed into a large stone after your collide with the crane sent you in a back flip, so you broke your arm and some ribs, I didn’t a brain scan on you, but you seem to be fine, except that you’ve been sleeping the better part of the time since you came here.  You are fine but you need time to recover and rest.”
“You talk like it is simple,” She retorted. 
“It could have been worst,” He said in that reassuring doctor tone of his. “Now Mrs. Maud have a good rest, your husband is outside waiting to see you and so is the rest of your family.” He patted her hand and left. 
Craig came in. He was carrying a bunch of flowers and smiled down at her. 
*****
“How are you feeling?” She was looking better now, thank God. For a while back then he thought she would die. Funny how it was when one was at risk of losing something important before they finally recognized its value.
“Horrible, like an earthquake happened in my head,” She muttered which was a good sign. At least she could still talk in annoyance at her injuries.
“I know the doctor said you would have a granddaddy of a headache.” He opened the curtain and the little room was flooded with light, the nurses usually did that but they hadn’t done so today.
 Imogen touched her head slightly and grinned. “It sure feels like one. Where is Ryan and Ruby?” 
“Outside, you will see them when you are much stronger.” She didn’t argue and Craig soon left. 
*****
For the next few days, she saw only Craig. He was so gentle to her and there no hint of hatred showing. Imogen was surprised by his new caring attitude and she didn’t believe it. Where was the Craig who hated her with his whole being? He had been replaced by another kind of Craig, the one she had known during her stay in France. Could it be that he had had a change of heart. She shook her head, it didn’t hurt like it had before. He was probably been caring because of her near death experience. She had progressed from seating to walking around her room but was made to rest at intervals. The headache had become less and less and she was beginning to have a bit of color in her cheeks. She was finally allowed to see her family.
Her parents were there looking refreshed, so was Barbra, Gary, Jimmy, Harry, Craig and the twins. 
Ryan and Ruby came to the side of the bed, looking very tearful and remorseful. “Mum we are very sorry, it was our fault, we are sorry,” They said. “It will never happen again, mom.”
She sat up in bed and held their hands. “Don’t worry I don’t blame you and I’m alright.”
“Really?” Ruby eyes scanned her body in disbelieve.
“What about all these bruise? I was scared when I saw you do a back flip and crash into those rocks, I thought your neck would break. Dad was actually scared than I was. He was the one who called for the ambulance.” Ryan said.
“We also brought some flowers. I told dad it would help you heal,” Ruby said, proud of herself in making the decision. 
Barbra came nearer. “How are you doing?” She was smiling and patted Imogen’s hand.
Imogen sighed. “Fine, I just want to be discharged that’s all.”
“No problem, in a few days you should be. I’ve missed you.”
“I know, I missed you also, since I’ve got no visitors, except a nurse and a doctor. Craig also came but it wasn’t like having you all here.”
Sarah Maud sat on the side of the bed, trying to re-arrange Imogen’s hair. “Do you still feel much pain, darling?” She asked in concern.
“Not much, mom.”
Sarah hugged her daughter. “I was so scared my baby was going to die, the doctor told us nothing making us to think it was serious rushing in and out of the operation room, isn’t that right John?”
He came forward. “Yes but I can see you are fine. I’m so glad.”
Harry came forward and pecked her. “I’m so happy that you are now alright, my dear.”
“Thank you.”
Craig stayed back during the entire visit and soon they all left on doctor’s orders.
Imogen rested for the rest of the day, drifting in between sleep to take her medicines. Flowers kept coming till she thought her room was now a flower shop and she became stronger with each passing day. The twins had finally resumed in school and couldn’t visit like before. Her parents had gone back to Greece as planned. Then it left only Barbra who worked from home and Craig.
They both visited her throughout her remaining stay at the hospital and finally when her injuries lessened the hospital released her.
Barbra had promised to come and pick her up. 
A nurse escorted Imogen to the entrance and left after giving several instructions. The wind blew against her face as she waited for Barbra to come. 
Finally, Barbra’s car with its tinted window stopped in front of her. But it wasn’t Barbra who came out of it. It was Craig.
“Where is Barbra?” he asked foolishly, looking into the car and yet knowing that Barbra wasn’t there. She looked up at Craig. He was smiling at her that for a moment she thought this was the Craig she had known back in France but then quickly drew herself together.
“Busy,” He finally answered.
She got into the car. It would have looked stupid if she had refused to enter
Craig started the car without a word and they drove away in silence but he didn’t take the normal route home. 
“Where the hell are we going?” She asked when he left the road and started towards the woods.
“Home.” He grinned at her.
“Well this isn’t exactly the way home,” She pointed out.
“Don’t worry; I’m not going to harm you. You will see where we are going,” he replied and grinned again. 
They were now on a deserted road and it led to only one place.
“I said take me home this very minute. What are we going to do at Barbra’s lakeside cottage?” She started shouting and hitting the dash board. “I said take me back.”
“Cool down, will you. There is a surprise for you there.”
“This is kidnapping and when I get back I’m going to press charges,” She threatened.
“Darling, you will be doing a lot more than that.” His words held a lot of silent promise.
“What?”
He didn’t reply but instead packed the car in front of the drive way. 
“No one seems to be here and can you please take me back?” She got out along side with him.
“I will in my own time. For now we are spending the rest of the day, alone. There is no phone and the road is a good seven miles back so you can walk if you like and not get lost.”
“Did Barbra put you up to this?” She asked, not knowing what to expect. 
“Yes as a matter of fact,” He replied opening the cottage door and leaving her with no choice but to enter.
“I’m going to kill her when I get my hands on her.”
“Ouch, sure a harsh word, don’t do it please,” he said in a mock beg and disappeared into the kitchen, coming back into the parlor with a can beer.
“Can you just tell me what the fuck this is about?” She was already losing her temper and his poise what just fueling it.
“Do you really want to know?” He asked quietly, coming towards her slowly, very slowly.
She took a step back and her back rested on the wall of the parlor. Desire was written all over his face. “Yes,” She said huskily.
He bent his head, looked into her eyes for a moment then took her mouth in a gentle kiss, the kind that you only got to watch in old movies.
“No.” She didn’t really mean it. This was what she wanted, lived for and her hands went instinctively around his neck.
“Yes,” He groaned and his arms came around her. 
“Don’t do this to me, Craig.” She made no move to struggle with him. She knew he didn’t want her. It was just another road to more pain but she had to walk down it. The moment he moved his lips, her head began to swim. She moaned as her body betrayed her. 
His kiss softened and became persuasive until her body vibrated in desire and she opened her mouth fully for him.
He pulled her body to his and with rough urgency dragged down the zip of her sundress. He started kissing her again, his hand in her hair, gently pulling her head back, and softly touching his lips to her throat until she was weak with longing.
She moaned.
He kissed her hard, and then he stood back from, using his hand gently to push away the remains of her dress. 
“You are so beautiful.” 
Her heart cried out as she remembered that he didn’t love her.
He held her to his body kissing the soft skin of her back. She let him look at her and his jade eyes darkened in pleasure as it traveled over her skin, down her breast, past her panties to her feet.
He bent his head and before she realized his intention took the hard aching peak of her breast into his mouth and sucked.
Craig groaned along with her. He slipped an arm under her knees and carried her up towards the bedroom. He laid her on the queen sized bed and continued to kiss and ravish her. He touched her and made her want him in all ways, until it was she who arched for him, who offered her body, her love.
Tears came down her eyes as she realized it would soon be over and Craig would continue to hate her. 
“Don’t cry please,” Craig begged when he tasted the salty tears. He kissed her tears away and parted her tights. “I love you,” he whispered as he entered her.
It took a moment for it to register.
“What?”
Craig kissed her. Then made her lay back on the bed. “I love you,” he whispered throatily, as if he too had just realized it.
She struggle off the bed, taking the sheet with her. “No you don’t and stop playing game with me,” She cried, refusing to allow herself believe in what he had just said.
He stood up but didn’t reach for her. “I’m not playing games. I love you. I don’t think I ever stopped loving you.”
“But you hate me be-because of what I did.”
“Shush.” He finally reached for her, holding her tightly to his body. “Did you really believe that? Oh my lord, I loved you then and now. I didn’t mean any of the things I said to you. I was just angry and wanted to hurt you but, but- now…” 
“But what?” She asked quietly, fearing the answer.
“But I realized that it was no use hurting you since it was also hurting me. I know you still loved and I don’t want to lose that love.”
“When did you… realize that?”
“When you had the accident, I realized that I love you more than anything in the world and life is too short to use been angry. I was scared shitless. I didn’t want to lose you.”
“Really?” Tears were beginning to slide down her face.
“Now don’t cry. I love you but I haven’t heard you say you love me?” He held her head to his gaze
“Yes. Oh yes I always did since ten years ago. I’m sorry for- for what… I did. I was scared that you would take them away from me.”
“I understand.  Will you marry me?” He knelt down in front of her.
Imogen looked down at him and used one hand to clean her tears. “Yes, oh yes. I love you so much. I want to be by your side till eternity. Yes.”
“Yes.” He stood up and hugged her passionately, letting the two of them fall to bed. “I promise you, I will never leave you. I love you.” He kissed her and Imogen closed her eyes. This was what she wanted. 
About the Author

Damilola likes to consider herself an avid reader. Writing started as a way to put down thoughts and soon became a passion. This is the first erotica she would be writing, possibly leading way to more. Currently she is a final year sociology student at a state university and divides her time between school projects and writing stories.

Other books by Oyebanjo Damilola
The interview
The baby trap

Connect with Oyebanjo Damilola 
Goodreads
Books by Zoë
Smashwords
Twitter
Available on Pre-order
Under The sky
20% sample also available for download


  
