The Confession
By
Jeanette Muscella
Copyright © 2015 Jeanette Muscella
ISBN: 978-1-4951-7580-0
This book is the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and download your copy. This book contains adult reading material. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1
1986
***John***
“I can’t believe she fucking married him.” I am so angry I want to hurt someone. How could she do this to me? How could she choose him over me?
“Get over it dude. There are plenty of other women out there for you to feed on. Find someone else to fuck.”
I want to ram my fist down his fucking throat. He doesn’t understand how I feel. “I don’t want someone else. I want her, and now that she has a husband, she wants us to be friends. She always invites me over for dinner. I hate seeing them together. She hangs all over him. It makes me want to puke!”
“Why are you so hung up on this girl?” Jake asked me for the thousandth time.
“I still love her Jake. I don’t know what to do. I know she doesn’t love me, but I can’t get her out of my mind. I know I fucked up with the drugs. That’s why she left me. I’ve tried dating other women, but I haven’t been with anyone in over a year.”
“Wow, you seriously need to get laid! What can I do to help you?”
What can he do to help me? I think about this for several minutes. I know what I want to do. Do I have the balls to do it? Hell yes, I can do it. I’m pissed off and I want revenge. I have to plan this correctly. “I need something to make her amenable if you get my meaning.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“I need something that will fuck up her memory. I have a score to settle, and then I’ll walk away.”
“Ok, dude. I have to call my supplier. Do you really want to go down this road? You could mess up her mind if you give her too much.”
“I don’t want to hurt her. I told her I was in love with her, and she laughed in my face. She said, “I never told you I loved you. We have been friends for a long time. I don’t think of you that way.”
“I have to go over to their apartment to a birthday party tonight. My balls are aching. I just want a piece of her pussy, and I want her agreeable when I fuck her. Will this drug wipe her memory?”
“A friend of mine slipped it into some girl’s drink at a club. She was out of it, and to this day, she has no memory of what happened to her that night.”
I can feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end, but I have to push down the guilt. I’m too angry to give a shit about remorse. “Perfect. I need one night with her before I walk away. I don’t want her remembering anything.”
I hang outside the bar for a few minutes while my friend Jake calls his supplier. Several minutes later, he exits the bar. “Hey buddy; can you get what I need?”
“Yeah, I’ll have it for you in an hour. Where do you want to meet?”
“Meet me at the park on Tasker Street.”
***Her***
I planned a special dinner for my husband’s twenty-eighth birthday. I’m not a great cook, and it took me all day to prepare the meal. He calls me at four o’clock to tell me he can’t make dinner. I’m upset and frustrated.
“It’s your birthday. Why do you have to work, tonight of all nights? I’m sick and tired of being alone. I never see you, and the one night I make a special dinner, you are on call? I hate this, and I hate you. Why did I marry you?” I knew I upset him and he let me know it.
“Why did you marry me? What are you saying? Do you want a divorce? I am working my ass off to make a better life for us. I don’t need this bullshit. I work sixty fucking hours a week and all you do is whine and complain about how lonely you are! Why are you breaking my balls about working late?”
He’s so angry. I have to calm down. I don’t want to fight with him. I can hear the stress in his voice. “I’m sorry. I don’t know why I am in such a foul mood. I miss you. I do understand.”
“I’m sorry I snapped at you, honey. I’m exhausted. I haven’t slept in twenty-four hours. I just want to come home and fall into bed.”
“Please, try to take a nap. I worry about you.”
“I’ll try, but I doubt I will get more than a few hours. Please be patient honey. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
When I hang up the phone, I look around our little apartment. I have spent so much time alone lately and I feel neglected. I call John, knowing he’ll have some dickhead response. I worry about him. His substance abuse is getting worse. I’m afraid to say anything to him. It’s really none of my business.
“Can you believe he has to work tonight? I made a special dinner, bought a nice bottle of wine, and he waits until the last minute to call me. His parents will be here in a few minutes expecting to see him. What am I going to tell them?”
“Well, you have two options. One: Cancel the dinner. That will get you a lecture, as I am sure they will bend you ear for a good hour. Two: Suffer through dinner and save the wine for when everyone leaves. I will stay and help you polish off the bottle. We can watch a movie, and I’ll make popcorn. You know, sometimes he gets on my last nerve. You’d think he could walk on water.”
“Do I hear a hint of envy in your voice John?”
Not envy baby doll, anger. You had been my girlfriend before he took you from me. “Hell no, I’m not jealous of him. I feel sorry for him. He tries so hard to please everyone. Evidently, he dropped the ball with you. Why did you marry him? Do you love him? Tell me the truth.”
Why does he do this to me? He needs to get over the fact that I married someone else. I never loved him, and he is really starting to piss me off! “Why would you ask me that question? I love my husband, and I don’t appreciate the third degree. Are you still angry with me for ending our relationship? I thought you understood I considered you a good friend. I hear the anger in your voice.”
There is no way I am admitting I still love you. “No, I’m not angry. We have been friends for a long time. Let’s get through dinner, and then we’ll have our own private party.”
“Ok. I like the sound of that. Dinner is at seven. Do not be late. I want them out of here by ten.”
***John***
I’m nervous and pace the sidewalk outside her apartment. My moral compass has doomed me to the fiery pits of hell and I don’t care. My hand fingers the bag of drugs in my pocket. I already snorted a few lines of cocaine, which took the edge off my nerves. I’m starting to have second thoughts about doing this to her. As I am walking away from her apartment, I see my parents. It’s too late to back out now.
I sit through probably the worse meal I’ve had in a long time. The chicken is dry, and the vegetables overcooked. She really does suck at cooking, and her “pretend to be a good little housewife” act is getting old. I escape to the bathroom to snort another line. When I return to the kitchen, my mother is consoling her.
“It’s ok honey. It takes time to learn how to cook. You’ve only been married for six months. Give it time. You’ll learn.”
“I don’t understand what happened. I followed the recipe. How hard can it be to cook a stupid chicken?”
My mother laughs and the sound of her voice grates on my nerves. I watch my mom interact with her, and I get pissed off. She’s so patient and solicitous. Why can’t she be that way with me? Why does every conversation end in an argument? I can feel my father’s eyes on me. Does he know I’m high? Probably, and I don’t give a fuck.
Thank all that is holy when my father rises from the sofa and announces he’s tired. My parents finally leave and it’s just the two of us. Game on! I walk over and turn on the television. I scan the measly assortment of movies available and pick one that I like. I pop it in the VCR and sit on the sofa. She walks into the room with two glasses of red wine, my favorite. It will mix well with the cocaine.
“How many times do you want to watch this movie?” She asks me when she sits next to me. I resist the urge to reach out and touch her. My cock is already twitching in anticipation.
“Hey, this is a classic, and I refuse to watch a chick flick. Suck it up and be quiet.” As the night progresses, I switch from wine to beer. The buzz I had earlier is fading. I need another fix. I grab her empty glass and walk back to the kitchen to refill her drink. I make sure I fill it to the brim. I take the bag from my pocket and drop two pills into her wine. I snort another line of coke while I wait for the pills to dissolve. She made me do this, I think to myself as I feel the coke hit my system. I’m angry and this will end tonight. I’ll walk away from her after I get what I want. She will give it to me, even if I have to force it from her. I walk back to the living room and give her the wine.
“This will be my last glass of wine John. I’m feeling buzzed and I don’t want to be drunk when he gets home. You’ll have to leave soon. I’m getting tired.”
“Sure, I’ll leave when the movie is over. Drink your wine, and I’ll be out of here by midnight.”
I try not to be obvious as I watch her drink the wine. How long will it take before the drug starts working? I have no idea, and I’m trying not to freak out. It takes several minutes and finally she drops her head onto the back of the sofa. “I feel dizzy,” she says to me. “I don’t know what wrong with me. I feel…” I hear her words slurring. Her eyes are glassy. I reach out to touch her thigh. God, her skin feels so soft. It surprised me when she grabs my hand and thrusts it between her legs.
“Oh, I want you to touch me.”
Is she talking about me? I can’t be sure. I kneel in front of her and spread her legs. I push her dress up and over her thighs. I want to see what she’s wearing under her dress. Damn, she’s wearing pink lace panties. I grab her legs and pull her to the edge of the cushion. As my thumbs trace along the band of her panties, I pull them down and off her body. I spread her legs and bury my face in her pussy. Her scent is fresh and feminine. Her skin is soft and her taste sweet. She opens her eyes and blinks several times as she tries to focus on the face that is now between her thighs.
She reaches out and runs her fingers through my hair. Her nails scratch my scalp and my cock twitches. “That’s right baby, I am going to fuck you all night long. Keep your legs spread for me, baby. Let me taste you.”
I feel her trying to sit up. She is staring at me. She knows it’s not him with his face in her pussy. She pulls my hair in an attempt to push me away from her. Her words are slurred. She’s telling me no, she doesn’t want me to touch her. After a weak attempt to get me off her, she closes her eyes and I feel her body relax.
“It’s too late bitch. You deserve what I’m going to give you.” I grab the top of her dress and rip it off her body. I’m staring down at alabaster skin, and perfect breasts. I’m beyond the point of no return. I reach down to free my cock, lift her from the sofa, and carry her to the bedroom. I don’t want to fuck her in their bed, but the urge to sink balls deep is too strong. I pulled her to the edge of the bed, grab a condom and take what I want, rough and fast.
“Why did you leave me?” I growl between thrusts. This is wrong. I know it’s wrong, but I can’t stop now. My balls drew up quickly and when I come, I feel…nothing. I thought I would feel something. I wrap up again and go slow this time. She’s slipping in and out of consciousness, and I feel like a stalker. I pull out, tied the condom and collapsed next to her. I’ve had too much alcohol and cocaine, and I feel sick. I look over and she is lying motionless next to me. I panic and reach out to feel her pulse, which is steady but a little slow. Did I give her too much? Her soft hair is a tangled mess, and her makeup smeared from my roughness. I can’t focus on her face. My head is spinning. I close my eyes and drift off into oblivion.
I awoke to a dark room. Fuck, my head feels like it is in a vice. It takes a minute for my eyes to focus and I realize I am still in their bed. Shit, it’s four in the morning. I quickly dress and bend down to pick up the empty condom wrappers from the floor, and emptied the wastebasket next to the bed. I shove everything into my pocket and run for the door. I turn one last time to look at her, and that’s when I see her eyes staring at me. I am so fucked it’s not funny.
***Her***
I awake in the early hours of the morning with a terrible hangover. What time is it? I roll over and stare at the clock. It is four in the morning. The light is on in the bedroom and I see John turning around to look at me. He is partially dressed! Why is he in my bedroom? I panic when I realize I’m naked under the sheet. The last thing I remember is watching a movie with John. I scream at him. “What are you doing in my bedroom?” The look he is giving me scares me. He looks angry.
“You had no problem with me being in your bedroom last night when I fucked you. Why question me now?”
I stare at him as his words sink in. I can’t remember what happened last night. “That’s not possible. I would never cheat on my husband.”
I watch as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out three tied condoms. “This is evidence that I did fuck you, and you enjoyed it. You screamed my name and begged for more. Why deny it now?”
I sit up, not realizing that the sheet is no longer covering my naked body. “Get the fuck out of my apartment. If my husband sees you, he will kill you. Get out now!”
He’s laughing at me, and the sound of his voice makes me sick. “Deny it all you want to bitch. I have to say you were a shitty fuck. Do you satisfy your husband?” He laughs again and walks towards the door. Turning, he says to me, “I want you out of my life. Let’s not pretend we are one big happy family. You know how I feel about you, and you brushed me off as if I was dirt under your shoes. You never gave me a chance. I’m done with you,” he says as he slams the bedroom door.
My mind is racing as I try to comprehend what just happened. What did I do that would make him so angry with me? I never said I loved him. Did he do this to get back at me? Why would he do this to me? I can’t remember what happened last night. Why can’t I remember? I start to hyperventilate and I pass out.
When I try to get out of bed to grab my bathrobe, the room begins to sway. I feel disoriented and open the window to air out the room, hoping the fresh air will clear my head. I am sweating profusely and feel dizzy. Bile rises in my throat, and I fall onto the bed. I struggle to regain my footing and stumble into the bathroom when I feel the sudden wave of nausea. Leaning over the toilet, I empty what remains in my stomach.
He hears my retching as soon as he enters our apartment. He finds me curled up on the bathroom floor. “Honey, what happened? Are you sick?”
Unable to speak, I just nod my head. He picks me up off the floor and carries me back to the bedroom. He gently lays me on the bed and covers me with a sheet. “What happened?”
Looking up at him hurts my eyes. I cover them with my forearm. “I think I had too much drink last night, and probably ate too much. I feel awful.”
“I’ll get you something for nausea.” He returns a few minutes later carrying a bottle of liquid antacid. “Drink some of this while I make you a cup of tea.” I stayed in bed for the next two days wondering what happened to me.
***John***
How long have I been sleeping? What day is it? I stumble out of bed and turn on the television. It’s Tuesday! I’ve been sleeping for two days! It didn’t take long for remorse to slam into me. How could I do it? Do I really hate them so much I would hurt her? I know I hurt her. I committed a crime for fucks sake. If she remembers, I could go to prison. I pray she never remembers what happened between us. What I said to her was horrible. As I stumble out of bed, I grab my jeans from the floor and empty the pockets. There were three condom wrappers in my pocket, and I counted three used condoms. My heart leaped in my chest when I noticed one of them has a hole in it. When did this happen? Did I rip it when I shoved them into my pocket? I can’t remember.
The next few days pass in a blur. I feel like a robot. I go to work, come home, and hide in my apartment. I don’t answer the phone. I can’t face my family. I can’t handle the guilt. Several days pass and I feel like I am suffocating. I need to find absolution. I know of only one place where I can beg for forgiveness.
I feel like a hypocrite as I open the church doors. The church is empty so I walk over to the confessional and push back the curtain. I kneel before the screen and bless myself. “Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. It has been several years since my last confession. Father…I…I don’t know how to confess my sin.”
“Whatever you say to me young man, know that Our Lord will absolve you of your sin with penance and sacrifice. Please, tell me, son. What is your sin?”
“Father, I committed a crime. I put a drug in her drink, and in a moment of anger and jealousy, I had sex with her. The drug I gave her affects the memory. How can I live with myself knowing the truth? I am hiding from everyone. I can’t hurt my family. I don’t know what to do.”
“My son, I cannot tell you what you want to hear. Forgiveness comes with sacrifice. What are you willing to sacrifice as penance for your sin?”
“I have to go away. Where can I go? How will God ever forgive me?”
“Let he who is without sin cast the first stone, young man. It is how you choose to absolve your sin that is a testament to your love of Our Lord Jesus Christ.”
“I understand Father, and I know what I need to do.” When I leave the confessional, I sit in my favorite pew. I have so many happy memories of this church. I was proud to be an altar boy. I felt important. When did my life spiral out of control? When did I lose my faith? Thinking back, I remember the exact moment when I lost my faith. Finding the adoption papers changed me. I became resentful and bitter. It’s obvious to me that I have to change my life. I am an addict, and as long as I stay here, nothing will change. I am the only person who can change the course of my life.
With a heavy heart, I walked away from the church. I continue to avoid my family. I can’t face them. I can’t face…her. I will have to live with this memory for the remainder of my miserable fucking life. I know of only one way to atone for my sin. I know this will change my life. Can I be happy as a priest? I have no choice. I must leave.
My parents will never understand my decision to become a priest. They are a religious family, however; my father expects me to marry and have a family of my own. That will never happen now, and I have to find a way to live with myself. Acting like the coward that I am, I write a letter to my parents rather than talking to them face to face.
Dear Mom and Dad,
“I know I have been absent these past few weeks, and I apologize if it caused you to worry. I have been thinking about the sorry state of my life. I have prayed for guidance, and God has answered my prayers. I am leaving home in an attempt to start a new life. I’m not happy with my life, and as you have probably seen, my drinking and other vices have clouded my judgment. I’m sorry that I do not have the courage to face you. By the time you read this letter, I will be gone from your lives. I have done something that causes me great distress. I hurt someone that I love, and I hate myself. I can’t look at her without screaming. I don’t like who I have become. Jealousy and bitterness have consumed my soul. I will have to live with this memory until I die. I feel like dying now. I loved her, and it destroyed me when she married him. I was drunk and on cocaine and I drugged her wine and had sex with her. The drug I used is supposed to prevent her from remembering what happened that night. How could I do that to her? I have no other choice but to leave. Please, do not try to find me.”
I am sorry…John
I sneak into their house like a thief, and leave the letter on the kitchen table. I know my father will get up in the middle of the night for a cup of tea.

His father found the letter, read it, and then went upstairs to wake up his wife. “Honey, wake up. I found a letter on the kitchen table from John. He raped someone. He drugged her and raped her.”
“What did you say? John raped someone. How could he tell us something like this in a letter?”
“I don’t know honey. What are you doing?”
“I’m getting dressed. We need to go to the police. We have to file a criminal report.”
John’s father shook his head. “What do we tell the police? Our son raped someone, and we don’t know her name. We also don’t know where he is. It’s pointless reporting this without proof.”
She cried. “How could our son do something like this?”
“I don’t know honey, but if he ever shows his face in this house, I will kill him.”
“We still have to file a report. He committed a crime, and if the girl should someday remember, we need proof that we reported what he did to her.”
The next morning, John’s father made a few copies of the letter, then drove over to District 24 station and asked to speak to someone from the sex crime unit. Detective Matthew Denton was the officer on duty that day.
“Sir, the desk officer informed me that you want to report a rape. Who is the victim?”
“I don’t know the victim. That’s the problem. My son left this letter for me before he left town. I have no idea where he is, but I want to have this on the record should he resurface.” He handed the letter to the detective.
The detective read the letter and made several notes. “I am sure you are aware we have no official proof of a crime. You son was very smart in how he divulged this information. You do know that without a name, we cannot issue an arrest warrant. Was you son in a relationship at the time this letter was written?”
“No. My son has been troubled this past year, and has pretty much kept to himself.”
“The best I can do at this point in time is a search for recent assault crimes. Do you have a picture of your son?”
He opened his wallet and retrieved a photo from a recent family vacation. “This photo is about two years old, but he hasn’t changed much since then, except that his hair is longer.”
“I’ll start a file. I want you to call me should your son contact you.”
***John***
I step off the bus outside of St. Matthew’s Seminary and sit on the sidewalk. I have questioned my decision a hundred times since I left home and thought about walking away and disappearing from everyone’s life. I have no idea how long I sat on the sidewalk when a shadow cast itself over my body. When I look up, a priest stood before me.
“Young man, my name is Father Joseph Randall. Are you not well my son? Are you in need of assistance?”
I stood to face Father Randall. “No Father, I am not well, and I am in need of spiritual healing. I am an alcoholic and a drug addict. My life is a mess, and I have made the decision to walk away from that life and dedicate myself to Our Lord. Please, Father, help me.”
My legs feel like rubber and I sink to the sidewalk. For the first time in my life, I cried. Father Randall sat next to me and held my hand while I cried like a baby.
“Whatever is troubling you, we can help you. Let me help you.”
His honest and sincere offer touched me deeply. “I hurt someone that I love, Father. I committed a crime. I used a drug and took advantage of the only person I have ever loved. She left me for someone else, and jealousy made me a bitter and vile person. The drugs are killing me, Father. I don’t like who I have become. Please help me heal my soul. I want to dedicate my life to Our Lord. I want to atone for my sin and help those less fortunate than myself.”
“I want to ask you a question,” Father Randall whispered. “Is your decision to serve Our Lord based on guilt, or a genuine need to dedicate yourself as a servant of Our Lord? Please answer truthfully.”
“Yes, Father. I want to dedicate my life to Our Lord. I want to change the direction of my life.” I have one chance to purge my body and soul of the evil that consumes me. With a new sense of resolve, I follow Father Randall into the seminary, and this is the first day of the beginning of my new life.
“Have a seat John. I wish to talk to you.”
I sit in front of Father Randall’s desk and I suddenly feel frightened for my life. Am I the right candidate for the priesthood? What will happen to me if he rejects me? I have nowhere to go. I take a deep breath, knowing my entire future is in jeopardy.
“I want you to be honest with me John. The priesthood is more than a vocation; it is a calling. The Catholic Church believes that God speaks to some men and asks that they dedicate their lives to his service. What makes you believe this is the life for you?”
“I want to be honest with you, I do, but I don’t know how to express what I feel. It’s an emptiness so deep within me; I’m scared that it will destroy me. I’ve always been a religious person, that is until I started drinking and using drugs. I don’t know how I got so far off track with my life. On some level, I want, no, I need to dedicate myself to a higher calling. I know I’m a mess, and I know it won’t be easy, but I want this Father. I want to be a better person. I want to change the course of my life. I’ve made a mess of my life, and I can’t live like this for another day, because if I do, it will destroy me.”
“I don’t have any money. I don’t have a sponsor. I have nothing but my desire to change my life. I’ll work odd jobs if I need to. I’ll do whatever it takes to succeed. I need help Father, and I have nowhere to go. Please help me.”
My nerves are about to snap. My future is in Father Randall’s hands. He’s sitting behind his desk staring at me. What does he see? Does he see a drug addict, or does he see a shred of potential in me. Please God, help me end the torture that is my life.
“I hear sincerity in your voice John, and I will help you. There will be conditions on my help. I hope you understand that you have one chance to get this right. If you fail, I will have no choice but to expel you from the seminary. Here are my conditions.”
“One: You must successfully complete detoxification. That will not be easy for you John. I will contact the seminary’s onsite doctor. Once you have a complete examination, we will discuss what treatment will successfully get you through the detoxification.”
“Two: At the appropriate time, I will enroll and sponsor your studies. You will be categorized as a Seminarian, and you will complete all of the necessary theological studies. Once you have completed your religious studies, you will be ordained a Transitional Diaconate. Prospective priests serve for roughly a year in the Diaconate and make promises of celibacy and obedience to his Bishop at this stage. The process takes, at least, five years. Once you are ordained a priest, you will be assigned to your parish.”
“Three: The Church will absorb most of the expense of your education, on the condition that you maintain your grade level. You will also be required to work part-time, as long as it does not interfere with your studies. I will find a job for you. I will provide room for you here, with me, until you are ordained.”
“You will not have an easy life while you live here, but it will be challenging and rewarding. I am giving you a clean slate, John. What you do with it is entirely up to you. However, I will be required to document what we have discussed today, and it will be on your permanent record. Do you feel you have it in you to complete your studies?”
“Do I have what it takes? I really don’t know, but I intend to prove myself to you Father. You are giving me the opportunity to change my life, to have a goal, to live. Up until now, I’ve been coasting through life. My parents are ambivalent towards me. I did what I wanted, and as you can see, the consequences are significant.”
Father Randall opened the top drawer of his desk and retrieved a stack of paperwork. “Well, then we had better get started with your application. Welcome to St. Matthew’s Seminary John. I hope your stay here will be a rewarding one.”
“I hope so too, Father. Thank you for this opportunity.”
Chapter 2
Present day: I have heard rumors about a possible transfer to another parish. As I sit outside Cardinal D’Antonio’s office, my mind races as I contemplate returning to my childhood church. I developed a habit years ago of twisting my rosary beads in my hands when I feel apprehensive. I have been reliving memories buried long ago, and I am troubled. I know that one day I may have to face my past. For the past nineteen years, I have avoided my family. I live a solitary life, and prefer to keep it that way.
“Father Brady, the Cardinal will see you now.”
Taking a deep breath to steady my nerves, I open the massive wooden door. Cardinal D’Antonio is an imposing man, well over six feet tall, with thick white hair, and a smile that could fill the church pews. I walk hesitantly towards the Cardinal, bow as a sign of respect, and kiss the Cardinal’s ring.
“Please be seated Father Brady. It is wonderful seeing you again.”
“Thank you, Cardinal D’Antonio. It is an honor to see you again.”
Leaning forward to rest his arms on the ornate oak desk, The Cardinal opens the folder in front of him. “Archbishop Dougherty has approved your transfer to St. Peter’s Church. Father Mallard is not well, and they are in need of a replacement. You have served your parish well over the years Father, and we will be sorry to see you leave. Our young parishioners will miss your Sunday afternoon basketball games.”
“They may miss me; however, my aching joints thank you. I fear I am not as young as I once was. They run circles around me, all the while laughing at me. I will miss them tremendously.”
“And they will miss you, John. May I give you a farewell piece of advice?”
“I would be honored, Cardinal D’Antonio.”
“I know of the circumstances that brought you to the Church. I also know it was not easy for you to assimilate into your new life as a priest. I have watched you over the years, and I am proud of you. Take comfort in the fact that you have atoned for past sins. You are a respected member of the Church.”
I cringe as old memories surfaced. “Yes Cardinal, it was difficult for me. My life was troubled, and while I was relieved to be away from everyone, I was not confident I would be a good priest. My withdraw from drugs and alcohol kept me in constant turmoil, and I thought many times of leaving everything behind and just running as far as I could to escape the mess I had made of my life.”
“My mentor at the time, Father Randall, helped me tremendously. He sat with me and guided me to the path that was to become my new life. Once the withdraw symptoms disappeared, I could think clearly, and soon realized that my soul felt different. I started focusing on the teachings of the Church, and I had a sense of peace and purpose that I never had in my entire life.”
“When I think back to those days, I often wonder what would have become of my life had I not chose to leave. I was on a path of destruction and could not see it. I am grateful having this second chance in life. I know it will be challenging seeing my family after so many years. I have had no contact with them and will admit that I am nervous returning to my home parish.”
I rise from my seat and kneel before The Cardinal to receive his blessing. “Go in peace Father Brady.”

The flight to Philadelphia took longer than expected. The closer I come to the city, the more apprehensive I become. Leaving the way I did with no contact for almost twenty years was cowardly, however; my decision to remain distant was the only option available to me at the time. My soul feels a sense of dread. The ghosts of the past have a way of resurfacing. I pray that will not happen.
As the plane taxied to the runway, I close my eyes and take a deep cleansing breath. The ghosts of the past must stay buried. When the taxi pulls up outside the rectory, I smile as a flood of memories assault me. I remember my years as an altar boy. I also remember stealing some of the altar wine. As punishment, my friend Pete and I had to clean and wax every pew in the church during our summer vacation.
It feels strange being back in my childhood neighborhood. The houses looked aged and worn, and there are no children outside playing. I have a lot of work to do in this parish. Where do I start? How can I make a difference in the lives of my new parishioners? I push these thoughts aside and when I step into the rectory, a familiar scent, cigar smoke, drifts towards me. Smiling, I inhale the sweet scent.
A booming voice, which seemed to come from out of nowhere, startles me. “Well, look who we have here, my favorite church cleaner, John Brady. Father Brady, I am happy to see you again.”
Clasping Father O’Connell’s hand, I said, “As soon as I stepped through the doorway, I knew you were here. You still smoke those nasty cigars.”
Father O’Connell laughed. “That’s right, and I still eat too much. Are you well John?”
“Yes Father, I am well. It is good to be home again.”
“Yes, it is Father Brady. We are in need of a young priest with fresh ideas. Cardinal D’Antonio speaks kindly of you.”
“I am honored he thinks I am worthy of this position. May I see Father Mallard? I wish to introduce myself.”
“Follow me. Father Mallard is anxious to meet you.” At the end of the day, I have a better understanding of the challenges I will face with this new parish.

The following Sunday, everyone gathered for their weekly breakfast before Sunday mass. Colin enjoyed this time with his wife, children, and grandchildren. “So, what are we doing after mass today?”
Lydia rolled her eyes. “What do we always do on Sunday Dad? Adam watches the History Channel, Bobby plays football, and Gail is on the computer all day. As for me, I’m going shopping with Mom.”
Colin looked at Maggie. “You never told me you were going shopping. What am I going to do today?”
Adam laughed. “I suppose I could skip watching TV. What do you want to do today, Dad?”
Colin thought for a moment. “Well, I would like to play pool and have a few beers with my son.”
“That sounds like a good idea. Pool and beer, I like it!”
On the way to church, they talked about the new priest who would soon replace Father Mallard. As they approached the church, Colin blinked several times as if he saw a ghost. Standing in front of the church was his son, the priest. Everyone stopped talking and stared blankly at Father John Brady.
I see my family approach me and I am afraid. My father looks angry, and rightly so. I push back my fear and walk towards my parents. As I approach my mother, I open my arms. “Hello Mother, I am happy to see you again.” My mom holds me for several seconds. The sensation feels odd, and I try not to tense in her arms.
“Oh John, how are you? How long have you been a priest? I cannot believe this! Why didn’t you write to us?”
“I believe you know the reasons, Mother. Now is not the time to discuss this.”
Looking past my mother, I acknowledge my father. “Father, how are you?” His face remains impassive, and he refuses my outstretched hand. The snub hurts, even after all these years. He continues staring at me, refusing to acknowledge my question. I understand his animosity, and I rein in my emotions. I will not air the family laundry in public. Adam and Lydia watch the dynamics between the three of us with a sense of trepidation.
Adam walks up to me and shakes my hand. “It’s good to see you, John. You remember Lydia. And these two are our children, Gail, and Bobby.”
I acknowledge Adam’s children and excuse myself. “Adam, would you please escort everyone into the church? I need to greet a few parishioners before mass begins.” I walk away from my family on shaky legs and into the crowd of people standing in front of the church. My cassock hides the fact that my entire body is trembling. I find solace once again by fingering my rosary beads.
As Adam proceeded into the church, he turned to his father. “Are you coming in with us?”
“Give us a minute Adam. We’ll be in shortly.”
Margaret turned an icy stare towards her husband. “That was rude Colin. How could you do that to him?”
“What do you want me to say? He disappeared from our lives, and now, almost twenty years later, I am supposed to shake hands and forget that he abandoned his family? I have not forgotten how long we worried about him. I have not forgotten how many nights you cried yourself to sleep. Have you forgotten what he did to that poor girl? He has a lot of explaining to do before I even consider forgiving him!”
Sighing she said, “John left home almost twenty years ago, and I understand you are still angry. For the love of God, get over it. Everyone makes mistakes, and everyone deserves a second chance. Apparently, our son made the right choices with his life. He is a priest. Do you not have forgiveness in your heart, Colin?”
“I don’t know if I will ever forgive him.”
“Your attitude will destroy your relationship with our son.”
“My relationship with John died the day he disappeared without a word.”
“Lower your voice Colin. What happened is in the past, and it needs to remain in the past. Keep your damn mouth shut!”
Colin followed his wife into the church and did keep his mouth shut. His wife’s icy tone took him by surprise. She rarely raised her voice in anger.
Margaret sat proudly in the front of the church as John held his first mass. Father Brady spoke eloquently, and with great passion. Afterward, he received several invitations to Sunday dinner, all of which he graciously declined. He must keep a respectable distance from the parishioners, especially his father.
Margaret hugged her son one last time. Whispering in his ear, she said, “Please forgive your dad’s rudeness.”
“There is nothing to forgive Mother. I am here to serve the parishioners of this parish, including my father. I am a humble servant of Our Lord Jesus Christ.”
Chapter 3
Two months later
The sound of someone knocking on his door jolted Adam from his mid-afternoon power nap. Begrudgingly, he accepted the fact he was getting old, not that forty-six is technically old. His work hours were catching up to him, and on occasion, he snuck in a power nap when needed.
Opening his sleepy eyes to the sight of his beautiful wife always brought a smile to his face. Slowly, he rose from his chair and walked around to the front of his desk. “I can’t believe I fell asleep again,” he said as he gathered Lydia into his arms.
“Adam, you need to cut back on the hours. When was the last time you took a day for yourself? Between work, helping your parents, Bobby’s football games, and Gail’s college move, you hardly have a free minute to yourself.”
Sighing, he leaned against his desk. “I know. I can feel the toll it is taking on my body. I feel much older than forty-six.”
“Are you working this weekend?”
Reaching behind him, he checked his calendar. “Huh, looks like I am free this weekend. What do you have in mind? I can hear the wheels churning in that beautiful little head of yours.”
Rubbing herself against him, she said, “Why don’t we spend the weekend at the shore house. We can leave Friday night and have two days of sun and relaxation.”
“I have a better idea. I want to spend the weekend in bed making love and eating junk food. It feels like forever since I made love to you Lydia. I am sorry. I have been so distracted the last few months.”
“It’s not your fault honey. The children and I understand that sometimes your patients are your priority. Bobby was so excited you were able to attend some of his games this season.”
“Has he talked to you about college applications? I don’t want him so wrapped up in football that he brushes off college.” At seventeen, Robert Brady was well over six feet tall and weighed close to two hundred pounds of lean muscle. Football was his passion; however, Adam wanted his son to concentrate on his studies.
Lydia had a surprise for her husband. “Bobby wanted to keep this a secret. A scout from Temple approached him after his last game. If he continues his level of play through his senior year, they want to offer him a full scholarship.”
“I’m not happy about him playing college football. He has already had a few injuries this season. Is he considering a professional career playing football?” It upset Adam that his son did not speak to him about this. Once again, absentee father syndrome reared its ugly head.
“I don’t know. Maybe you should speak to him.”
Nodding, Adam said, “Damn right I’ll talk to him!”
Later that evening, Adam knocked on his son’s bedroom door. “Bobby, are you awake?”
“Yeah Dad, come in.”
I hate football, Adam thought as he sat next to his son. “I know I haven’t been around much lately, and I wanted to catch up on what has been happening with you these last few months. Your mom spoke to me about Temple. Do you really wish to play college football?”
Should he tell his father the truth? “Well,” he paused for a few seconds, “Yeah, I eventually want to play professional football. My coaches tell me I have what it takes to go professional. I need the scholarship from Temple Dad. I know this is not what you want for me, but it is what I want. I can still obtain my degree, and when I graduate, if I’m not good enough to play professional ball, I’ll have my degree.”
“Have you given any thought to what would be your major?”
“Yes. I have always loved building things so my major will be Architecture. Do you remember when you bought me that enormous box of Lego’s? I had a blast building a replica of the Golden Gate Bridge, and the White House.”
Smiling, Adam hugged his son. “That makes me happy. Education is essential Bobby. You have a short career span playing professional football. I would prefer you focus on your studies.”
“I know you hate my playing football. College tuition is too expensive, and you are already paying for Gail’s tuition. I don’t want to burden you financially, and if I can get a full scholarship for four years, that would save you a considerable amount of money. I will make you a deal. If I make the grade and get the scholarship, I will not live on campus. You will see me often enough to know I am ok. Do we have a deal?”
Damn it, he is playing me. “I’ll agree on two conditions. You must maintain your GPA, and take care of your body. You have a long life ahead of you, and your physical health is important.”
Bobby reached out to shake his father’s hand. “I accept your conditions. Just know that I am a damn good ballplayer, and when I turn pro, I can take care of you and mom in your old age.”
Laughing, Adam said, “I’ll remember that when I’m sixty.” He was still smiling when he left his son’s room.

The sound of Lydia singing off key in the shower assaulted his senses when he closed their bedroom door. He loved his wife; however, her singing sent stray cats running for their lives. He quietly walked into the bathroom and divested himself of every piece of clothing. Most nights he found his wife asleep upon his arriving home, and it was rare they were both awake at the same time.
He knew his absence bothered her, and he knew she understood why he worked so many hours. Being a pediatric doctor in a large metropolitan hospital has its drawbacks. Several times a week, Adam found himself in the emergency room surrounded by sick children. So many parents did not have adequate health insurance and used the hospital’s emergency services as a substitute for preventive health care. The past few months were especially tiresome, and he looked forward to a relaxing weekend.
Lydia heard the shower door open and turned to face her husband. She immediately looked down to his straining erection. “Do my eyes deceive me? When was the last time we had shower sex?”
“Why are you teasing me? I don’t remember the last time I’ve had an erection.” Closing the distance between them, he said, “If I don’t come soon, I will lose my mind. Wrap your legs around me baby.”
Adam lifted her effortlessly and her legs went around his hips. “I’ve missed this Adam. I have missed talking to you before falling asleep. I know it is not your fault, but I wish you would cut back on the hours. We need time alone, and the children miss their father.”
“Let’s not talk about this now. What I want is to make love to my beautiful wife.” To emphasize the point, he entered her with one swift thrust of the hips. “After all these years, you still feel like heaven to me Lydia. God, I love you so much.”
Reaching between them, Adam flicked his thumb across her sensitive clit. He felt her muscles clench around his cock, which only intensified the pleasure. “Do that again honey, I’m so close.” With the warm water flowing around them, Adam arched his back as he felt the sudden rush of semen shoot out from the tip of his cock. “Wow, sorry honey that was quick. I can do better next time.”
Laughing, she kissed him again. “I’m going to hold you to that promise.”
Later that evening, as they lay holding each other, Adam relayed his conversation with Bobby. “I still don’t feel comfortable with him playing college football, but I have to step back a little and let him spread his wings while still living under our roof. That way, we can keep an eye on him.”
“Our kids are growing up too fast. Bobby already told me he wants the garage apartment once Gail leaves for college. She can have his room when she comes home to visit.”
Adam laughed. “That boy is shrewd. I never thought he would confiscate Gail’s little apartment. As long as she’s ok with him moving in, I don’t see a problem.”
Reaching down to stroke him again, Lydia whispered in his ear, “Do you realize we will finally have the house all to ourselves. We can walk around naked, and make love in every room of the house. I seem to remember a few hot sessions on the kitchen table. Maybe we could do that again.”
Groaning, Adam said, “Only if it doesn’t break my back. We are no longer limber twenty-something kids with raging hormones. But, I’m willing to see if I still have what it takes to make you scream.”
“Oh, you still have what it takes. If you want to practice, I’m wet and willing.” Laughing, she said, “We had an endless amount of energy and a healthy sex life. We had sex all over our little apartment. I have fond memories of that ratty old sofa. I do believe we conceived Gail on that couch.”
“I was so ambitious. I neglected you, and for that, I am sorry. I wanted to give you the world. I wanted to give our children a secure future.” Adam stopped talking as painful memories resurfaced. Lydia felt him tense against her body.
“What’s wrong Adam? I felt your entire body tense against mine.”
“I’m sorry. I was thinking about John. I know it pissed him off when you started dating me. We had a few shoving matches, and I told him to back the fuck off. He said he loved you, and I was the reason you ended the relationship. I told him he needed to accept this and find someone else to love. I never felt comfortable having him hang around you when I was working.”
“When did this happen?”
“Right after we came back from our honeymoon. I went over to my parent’s house because we brought back a few gifts for them from Jamaica. John was sitting at the kitchen table nursing a hangover and being a dick as usual. I swear Lydia, the look on his face was so ugly. He hated me and let me know it at every opportunity. I told him that if he couldn’t be civil to us, then I wanted him to stay away from you.”
Lydia remembered more than a few conversations with John. “I told John many times I could not return his feelings for me. He knew I loved you, and nothing would change my love for you. I thought he had accepted this long before our wedding.”
“I thought so too. Do you know what he said to me? He told me that I don’t deserve you and once you realized you made a mistake marrying me, you would go back to him.” Adam gritted his teeth at the memory.
Shocked and saddened, Lydia held onto him tightly. “I don’t understand why he hated you so much.”
“Neither do I honey, but I will admit I was glad when he left home. I was reaching the end of my rope with his attitude. I find it strange there are no pictures of him anywhere in my parent’s house. It feels like he was disowned or something. I always wondered what happened to him.”
“Well, now we know what happened to him. I still cannot believe it. It felt weird standing outside the church. I cannot picture John as a priest. He was so arrogant and hotheaded. Do you think we should visit him? Mom said he has not spoken to her since that first meeting.”
“No. If he wants to reconnect with his family, he needs to make the first move.”
Chapter 4
“Ok kids, listen to granny and gramps. Mom and I will be at the shore house until Sunday afternoon. We will be home before you are asleep.”
Turning to face his mother, Adam kissed her cheek. “Thanks Mom for sitting with the kids this weekend. Lydia and I desperately needed a weekend to ourselves.”
Margaret patted his cheek. “You look tired sweetie. Have fun and do not worry about anything. Daddy and I will take care of the kids. We already have an itinerary of events planned for the weekend. Tomorrow, Dad is taking Bobby to the Aquarium, and I am taking Gail to the Zoo. We will meet for lunch and then see a movie. Sunday, we are having a cookout with some of their friends. Don’t worry, we’ll have fun.”
“Thanks, Mom. I love the two of you.”
“That’s nice to hear sweetheart, we love you too. Now, get out of here before you hit rush hour traffic.”
Like two little kids going on an adventure, Adam and Lydia ran out of the house laughing and holding hands. “I feel guilty,” Lydia said as they hit the Atlantic City Expressway. “I already miss the kids. I don’t t know what I will do when Gail goes to college. If you think I was emotional at the graduation, wait until the end of August. I might need Valium to keep me calm. Gail hates it when I cry. Did you see the eye roll at the graduation party?”
“She told me more than once that while she desperately loves both her parents, it’s time to cut the umbilical cord. I have to agree with her honey. Gail is mature beyond her eighteen years. Although, I will admit I felt a tear or two as I watched her accept her diploma. I will feel the impact of her leaving when I see her car driving away from the house. She will always be our little girl.”
Closing her eyes, Lydia fought the urge to cry. She sniffled a few times and Adam quickly glanced over to look at her. “Don’t cry honey. We are good parents, and it is time to let our little birds fly free and experience life. Come on now, cheer up, and enjoy the weekend. Mommy and Daddy are finally alone for forty-eight hours. Let’s enjoy it.”
They drove in blissful silence all the way to Cape May. Upon arriving, they sat in the car for several minutes, just looking at the house. Lydia turned to her husband and said, “We have to schedule a vacation before the end of the summer with the kids. One last summer with the entire family before Gail leaves.”
“That would be nice. I’ll schedule an entire week off at the end of August.”
When they reached the front door, Adam lifted his wife into his arms. “What are you doing? Put me down!”
“Hell no little lady, I am taking you right up to the bedroom. My balls are aching, and I only know of one way to make it better.”
“You have such a dirty mouth, but I like it. I think you need a complete physical. Let nurse Lydia make it all better.” Later that evening sated and content, Adam held his wife close to his warm body. “Nurse Lydia deserves a raise.”
“My services are not cheap, Dr. Brady. This one is free of charge.”
“We needed this weekend,” Adam said with a contented sigh. “Can you believe we are about to celebrate our twentieth wedding anniversary? Where did the time go? It feels like yesterday we were pushing strollers, and now our children are happy and healthy young adults.”
Lydia remembered those first few years, and for her, they were happy memories. “You and the children are my lifelines to this earth. If I lost any of you, it would destroy me. I love you, Adam, with every fiber of my being. I wish you would slow down and enjoy life more than you do now.”
“I work hard to make a better life for my family. My parents worked their entire adult life to make sure we had everything we needed. Dad made sacrifices for us. I remember him stuffing newspaper into his shoes when the soles wore out. Rather than buy new shoes, we had Birthday or Christmas gifts. I’ll never forget his sacrifices, and it makes me happy helping my parents now.”
“I never understood how John could turn his back on the entire family. One day he was there, and the next, he was gone. I asked Dad several times what happened. Lydia, you should have seen the look on his face. I have never seen my father so angry, and we all know he has a short fuse.”
“Whatever happened, it was John’s decision to avoid his family. It must be awkward for your parents having him back home.” Sighing, she said, “That’s enough talk of the past. I want to live in the present. I love you, Adam. I always will.”
Those few words meant the world to him. Rolling onto his side, he spooned Lydia and whispered to her, “You are my heart, Lydia. I love you.”
Wiggling her ass against his erection, she whispered, “Why don’t you show me how much you love me.” Adam spent the next few hours doing just that.
Chapter 5
The nightmare had returned. Her body pinned to the bed, forced to have sex against her will. The images were always the same, the outcome always the same. She could not see the face. She only felt the oppressive suffocation of his body on top of hers. Her mind screamed no, and her body felt frozen. Lydia opened her eyes and suppressed the scream that was bubbling up from her throat. It had been several years since she had this particular dream. Rolling over, she said a silent prayer of thanks that Adam was still sleeping. She quietly got out of bed and walked over to the patio doors that led out to the deck. The trees blocked the view from the street and kept the room cool at night. Every time she had the dream, it took a few hours for her to calm down. Lost in thought, she did not hear Adam’s cell phone ringing.
Adam rolled over and fumbled for the phone. “Who is this, and why are you calling in the middle of the night?”
“Adam,” his mother cried into the phone. The sound of her tear-filled voice had him on instant alert. “Mom, what’s wrong? Why are you crying?”
“It’s Gail. We took the kids to the movies, and as we were walking to the car, someone hit her in the parking lot. Gail pushed Bobby out of the way, and the car ran into her. We are at the University of Pennsylvania Hospital. Hurry home Adam.”
Looking over to see the other side of the bed empty, he called out for his wife. “Lydia, where are you?”
Running into the room, Lydia stopped in mid-step when she saw the look on Adam’s face. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
“It’s Gail. A car hit her. Hurry up and get dressed.”
The drive home took longer than anticipated due to a bus accident on the expressway. Adam used this time to call the hospital. “David, how is my daughter?”
“She’s unconscious Adam. Her injuries are severe. I am prepping her for surgery to repair her broken leg. She has multiple contusions and two fractured ribs. I have the blood bank on alert. Gail has a rare blood type, and I want to be prepared.”
“What? That’s not possible! Her blood type is O Positive.”
“Her birth certificate has O Positive; however, when I ran Gail’s blood work to prep her for surgery, her blood type is AB Negative. I also checked your records as well as Lydia’s. Both of you have Type O. I ran the test three times. I think you know what I’m saying, Adam.”
“Check it again, David. Make sure you are correct before you operate. Do you understand what I am asking?”
“Yes, I know and I wish I were wrong. I’ll run it one more time.”
Adam pulled onto the side of the road as nausea gripped him with such force; it robbed him of the ability to speak. Lydia only heard part of the conversation, and she knew Adam was upset. Why were they talking about blood types? Her heart thumped in her chest. “Adam, what’s wrong? You look like you are going to be sick.”
Adam shook uncontrollably as the tears flowed down his face. “David ran Gail’s blood work. Her blood type is AB Negative. We both have Type O blood. Do you know what this means Lydia?”
“Adam, you are scaring me. What does it mean? I’m not a doctor.”
Adam shook his head in disbelief. “It means that we are not Gail’s biological parents. It means that there may have been a mix-up at the hospital. It means; were you unfaithful to me Lydia?”
The implications of such a question hit her like a sledgehammer. “I understand the need to ask me this question; however, it hurts more than I can say that you would think I could ever have an affair. There has to be another explanation.”
Remorse consumed him, and he felt physically ill. “Honey, I’m sorry I hurt you. I don’t understand how this could have happened. We need to see Gail before her surgery, and we will figure out the rest of it later. Gail needs us.”
A state patrol car pulled up behind them. “Sir, may I see your license and registration?”
When Adam showed him his identification, he told the officer, “Our daughter is in the hospital. I felt ill and pulled over to the side of the road.”
“What hospital?” the officer said kindly.
“University of Pennsylvania Hospital, Philadelphia.” The officer was kind enough to give him a police escort to the state line. Adam focused on his driving and remained quiet. Lydia tried speaking to him several times, but he ignored her. Adam snapped out of his stupor once they arrived at the hospital. His parents and Bobby were still sitting in the waiting room. When Margaret saw her son, she ran to him. “Thank God you’re here. They won’t let us see Gail.”
“Wait here for a minute. I need to find out what’s going on.”
When Adam returned to the waiting room, the look on his face confirmed Lydia’s worse fear. Walking over to her, Adam reached for her hand and practically broke her fingers. The tension radiating down his arm was palpable. She followed her husband into the ER. The familiar sounds of clicking and beeping bombarded him as they walked towards the nurse’s station. Adam lived in the ER, and for the first time, the sounds and smells made him sick. “My daughter Gail Brady was admitted a few hours ago. I want you to add my parents, Colin and Margaret Brady, and son Robert to the visitor’s list.”
Adam took several deep breaths as he approached Gail’s room. The curtains were open, which gave the doctor’s and nurse’s the ability to see into her room. The sight of her broken body made Adam ill. Lydia choked back a sob as she entered her room. A quick scan of the monitors showed Gail’s blood pressure and pulse are slightly elevated. Her skin felt clammy and warm. She had two IV’s in her arm. Her leg was in a temporary cast, and her ribs taped. Looking over the bed to his wife, Adam once again felt the tears flow down his face. Lydia lowered her head and kissed her daughter’s hand. Whispering, she said, “Gail honey, mommy, and daddy are here.”
Adam felt the reassuring touch of his mother’s hands on his shoulders. “Whatever is wrong, we will help our little angel.”
Leaning in to kiss her forehead, he whispered, “Mommy, gran, gramps and Bobby are here sweetheart, and everything will be ok. We all love you so much and will be waiting here for you when you wake up.”

Father Mallard volunteered at the hospital twice a week and I want to continue the visitation. It would be an excellent opportunity to reach out to some of my parishioners. Sunday afternoon would be my first visitation, and honestly, I embrace the opportunity of helping those less fortunate. Father Mallard and I discussed his routine, and he gave me a notebook with patient names and room numbers. Visiting with the waiting family members will be my first stop. It startles me when I see my entire family in the emergency waiting room. “What’s happened? Why are all of you here?”
I stand next to my mother while Adam fills me in on what has happened to Gail. When Adam tells me what room she is in, I ask everyone, “Come with me, please.” My heart aches as I look down at my beautiful niece. She looks fragile, and honestly, like a little girl. It’s hard seeing anyone injured, but it is especially difficult when it is a family member. We may not be close, but she is still my brother’s child. I stand next to Gail’s bed and anoint her with holy water. With a trembling hand, I gently run my hand over the top of her head. I recite the prayer for the sick, anoint my niece with holy water and bent down to kiss Gail’s forehead.
A few minutes later, a nurse approached Adam. “We do not have enough AB Negative on reserve. We have contacted HUP requesting five pints of whole blood. We need at least two pints of whole blood before we can operate.”
The look on Adams' face concerns me. He glances at Lydia and leaves the room. I look over to Lydia and she is crying. It troubles me seeing her upset and I offer my assistance. I turn to the nurse and say, “I am AB Negative.. I would be more than happy to donate blood for my niece.”
“Thank you, Father Brady. As soon as we run a cross-match, we can operate on Gail. The remaining reserve should be here within the next two hour. The cross-match should only take ten minutes. We have a machine that speeds up the process. If you would please follow me, I will take care of you.”
I follow the nurse to an empty room and sit on the gurney. The nurse follows me into the room.
“If you would lie down Father, I will start the IV. If you feel dizzy or nauseous, please tell me.” She places a stress ball in my hand. “Squeeze this while you are hooked up to the IV. It will help to speed up the donation. There is juice on the table should you feel thirsty.”
I lie on the gurney as the nurse hovers over me. The process does not take long, and my mind is focusing on the ball in my hand. Thirty minutes later, the nurse has collected two pints of blood. It makes me a little sick seeing my blood in a bag. A few crackers and grape juice take away nausea.

Thirty minutes later, David asked to speak to Adam. “I don’t know how to say this Adam. We ran the necessary donor tests on Father Brady’s blood. Adam, as you know, the machine that we use is foolproof. Gail and Father Brady’s blood is an exact match. Based on this, John Brady is Gail’s father.”
All of the color left Adam’s face, and he crashed to the floor. The agonizing sobs that ripped through him felt like fire. His wife had sex with his brother. His wife was unfaithful, and the love that he felt for her died. He felt hollow as if his life force suddenly left him.
“Adam, are you ok?” The concern in David’s voice brought Adam back to the present.
“No, I’ll never be ok.”
The hours passed slowly, which gave Adam a lot of time to think back. He furiously tried to remember anything that would have passed for infidelity, but there were too many gaps in his memory. Being a resident in training sucked up all of his time. He continued to watch Lydia out of the corner of his eye. Her face was flaming red, which was a sure sign that she was upset.
Walking over to his mother, Adam sat down and rested his head on her shoulder. The simple gesture brought back many memories. He reached out to hold her hand. He felt like a little child running to Mommy when he had a problem. Now he needed the comfort of his mother’s hand holding his.
Straightening in his chair, he once again looked at Lydia. She had fallen asleep leaning against his father. Several minutes later, he went up to his office. Still reeling from the shock, Adam went to his file cabinet and retrieved Gail’s medical records. How had he missed this all of these years?
Slowly, he looked through her file. The birth certificate clearly showed Gail’s blood type as O Positive, which is obviously incorrect. How could the hospital make such a huge mistake? Both he and Gail were Type O. Upon further investigation; Adam came across old test results dating back several years when Gail had her tonsils removed. Scrolling down the report, and to his horror, AB Negative glared back at him. How did I miss this?
I am not Gail’s father. A myriad of emotions ripped through him. Oh, God, she is not my baby girl! Adam covered his face with his hands and cried a river of tears. In one awful night, he lost his daughter. Turning his chair towards the window, he shut off the light and closed his eyes.
When he never returned to the waiting room, Lydia sent him a text message. His phone vibrated against the glass top of his desk. Adam looked over to see that Lydia sent him a text message 
Where are you?
I’m in my office.
Why? What has happened? Is it Gail?
Gail is still in surgery. I am reviewing her medical record. Can you come up now? I need to speak to you.
Ok, I’ll be there in a few minutes.
Lydia sat next to her father-in-law and tried to maintain a modicum of control as she read Adam’s message. Taking a deep breath, she turned to Colin and said, “Adam is in his office. I am going up there for a few minutes. Call me if the doctor has any news about Gail. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”

Lydia walked into Adam’s office feeling a sense of dread. The room was dark, and Adam sat facing the window. He did not turn around to look at her when she turned on the light. Taking a few steps closer to the desk, Adam said, “What are we going to do Lydia? I just went through her entire medical record. Based on the information I have now, Gail is not my daughter. We need a DNA test to confirm your paternity.”
“You still don’t believe I was faithful do you? Why else would you want a paternity test? You said the blood type confirms that Gail is not our daughter. You don’t believe me, do you?”
“I want to believe you, but I find it impossible to comprehend that this hospital would make a mistake and switch babies. It is not possible, so, that leaves only one other conclusion. If you don't tell me the truth, then I will have to discover it some other way.”
In all of their years of marriage, this is the first time Adam truly hurt her. “Well, if you won’t believe I am telling you the truth, I guess there’s nothing else I can say. Run all the tests you feel necessary, but just remember Adam, I am not lying to you.”
Lydia rose from her seat and left Adam’s office. Once outside his door, she leaned against the wall and cried. Adam heard her crying but remained behind his desk. He wanted to believe his wife; he did, but being a doctor, he knew the hospital could not have made this horrible mistake. Adam picked up his phone and called his father.
“Dad, can you and Mom come up to my office? I have a problem.”
“What’s wrong Adam? Is it Gail?”
Choking back the tears, he said, “I can’t discuss it on the phone. Please, Dad, I need you and Mom.”
Concerned, Colin turned to his wife. “Something is wrong with Adam. He wants us in his office. I think he was crying.”
Fear gripped Margaret. “Is it Gail?”
“I don’t know. He won’t discuss it on the phone.”

They found Lydia sitting on the floor outside Adam’s office. Colin bent down and helped her to stand. “Why are you crying?”
Lydia lowered her head and stared at the floor. “We’ve just discovered inconsistencies in Gail’s medical records. I don’t know how to say this. Her blood type does not match ours. Gail’s blood type is AB Negative." Lydia followed them into Adam’s office. Still seated behind his desk, he looked surprised when she followed his parents into the room.
Colin spoke first. “We asked Lydia to come with us. It’s obvious to us that something is terribly wrong. Is it Gail?”
Adam looked down at the folder in front of him. “Indirectly, it is about Gail.” He focused his stare on Lydia. “I gave you the opportunity to tell me the truth.” He held the folder in his hand. “This folder contains Gail’s DNA test. While it is a preliminary test, the markers do not lie. Gail is not my biological daughter. I’m asking you again, Lydia, were you unfaithful to me?”
Once again, Lydia told him the truth. “I was never unfaithful to you. I don’t know how many times I have to say it. There must be another explanation.”
“There isn’t Lydia!” Adam screamed as he slammed his hand on the desk. “I have the fucking proof in my hand! My brother is Gail’s father! The genetic markers already found match his blood. Why would you lie to me?”
Lydia blinked several times as she tried to absorb this information. Colin and Margaret looked at each other, and at that moment, the pieces of the puzzle fit together perfectly. “Oh my God Colin, it was Lydia.”
Colin sat dumbfounded. His mind raced with the implications of this discovery. Lost in thought, he did not hear Adam. “Dad, what the hell is going on?”
“Before I say anything, we want the two of you to know we love you very much. What I am about to tell you will affect the entire family, especially Gail. What you choose to do with this information is up to you. Adam, do you remember the events surrounding your twenty-eighth birthday?”
“How am I supposed to remember what happened almost twenty years ago? What does this have to do with Gail?”
Sighing, Colin continued. “John wrote a letter to your mother and me, informing us that he was entering the priesthood. Maggie was furious because he did not discuss this with us before making such an important decision. John was resolute in his decision and confessed in his letter that he...he...drugged a young woman to make her an unwilling sexual partner. He was in love with her, and when she married someone else, he became obsessed with her.”
“He drugged her wine, and when she was unable to defend herself, he had sex with her.” Looking at Lydia, he said, “I am sorry Lydia. He never mentioned the girls name in the letter. We went to the police and reported the crime, but the detective told me he needed a name before he could issue an arrest warrant. We gave the cops John’s picture, and we never heard from them. We searched for him for several weeks, and we could not find him. Eventually, we gave up the search.”
Adam’s entire body stiffened, as the anger crept up his back. He reached out to hold Lydia’s hand and felt her shaking. A sob erupted from her, and she leaned against Adam. “How could he do this to me? We were friends, and I thought he respected me. I told him I could not return his feelings. I told him I loved you, Adam. How could he rape me?”
“Oh God, please tell me this cannot be happening. Adam, I have been reliving this in my dreams. It is always the same dream. Someone is holding me down, forcing himself on me, but I can never see his face. It was John. It was John.” Covering her mouth with her hand, Lydia ran to the bathroom and became violently ill.
Adam glared at his parents. “How could you keep this a secret?”
Colin became frustrated. “We reported the crime. What else were we supposed to do? I wasn’t about to advertise that our son raped someone.”
“Did it ever occur to you that we, as a family, had the right to know he committed a crime?”
“At the time, no, I did not want to share this with anyone.”
“Do you still have the letter?”
Colin hesitated before answering. “Yes, I still have a copy of the letter.”
Adam shoved his hands into his pockets to stop them from shaking. “I want the letter in my hand before the end of the day.”
“Why do you want the letter?”
“I don’t have to explain myself to you or anyone else. I want the fucking letter!”
Margaret covered her face with her hands and cried. “Give him the letter Colin. Adam, you must understand that without a name, we had no proof. John left home and we searched for him for many weeks. He disappeared. We never knew until today that John is Gail’s father. How could we have possibly known?”
Adam gritted his teeth. “The fact that you kept this to yourself for nineteen goddam years sickens me. How do you think my wife feels knowing my brother raped her? The truth will scar her for the remainder of her life. You should have told us the truth when it first happened. She may have remembered, and we could have taken the information to the police. Get out now before I lose my temper. I have to take care of my wife.” Adam went into the bathroom and closed the door.
Lydia lay on the cold tile floor sobbing. Her body shook uncontrollably. Adam knelt in front of her and gathered her into his arms. “It’s ok honey. We will get through this. Nothing changes how much I love you. I am sorry this happened to you. I don’t know why they kept the letter a secret.”
“They knew for nineteen years that John raped someone, and never said anything. Now that I am aware he touched my body, I feel dirty. How can you look at me knowing he raped me? I cannot tell you how many times I have had that nightmare. I had another one last night. What are we going to do now?”
Adam knew what he was going to do. He was going to confront his brother. He prayed for strength because he wanted to beat the shit out of him. “We are going to take care of our children. Gail is my daughter. She will never know the circumstances surrounding her birth.”
Lydia clung to Adam. “I love you, Adam. Please hold me. I need your warmth. I feel cold.”
Adam lay down next to her and held her until she stopped shaking.
Colin and Margaret returned to the waiting room. His once happy family would never be the same.
Colin sent a text to Adam. Is Lydia ok?
Adam responded quickly. No, she’s not ok.
I’m sorry Adam.
No, you’re not sorry. Please, leave us alone. Where is Bobby?
He is sitting next to your mother.
Send him up to my office. Go home. I don’t want you near us.
Are you certain this is what you want?
Yes.
Colin turned to face Bobby. “Hey buddy, your mom’s a little sick, and your dad wants you to go up to his office.”
“Is she ok?”
“She will be once your dad takes her home. Go on up now. Gran and I are going home for a few hours. We are tired.”
Bobby ran up to his father’s office and found his parents still lying on the cold tile floor. Bobby ran into the bathroom and knelt before them. Lydia was still crying. Seeing the look of horror on his son’s face, Adam said, “Mom is a little sick and upset about Gail. Help me get her off the floor. I want to take her home.”
Adam carried her back into his office and sat down with Lydia still in his arms. He opened his desk drawer and pulled out a small medical bag. “Bobby, get your mother a glass of water.” Adam placed a small white tablet in her hand. Whispering to her, he said, “This will help calm you, honey. When we get home, we’ll talk.”
“Don’t say anything to Bobby. I don’t want him to know John raped me.”
Bobby heard his mother speaking. Uncle John raped my mom!
Adam looked up to see his son standing in the doorway. His eyes were begging his son to remain silent. Understanding passed between them and closing his eyes in silent prayer, Bobby handed the glass of water to his mother. Several tense minutes passed as the medication began to work. Adam carried his wife to the parking garage and gently placed her in the back seat of the car. Adam found a beach towel in the trunk and wrapped it around his wife. Lydia sat motionless as the tears continued to flow. Looking for his son’s assistance, he handed him the keys. “Take your time and pay attention to the road. I will take care of your mother.”
Lydia fell asleep during the ride home, and Adam gently carried her up to their bedroom. Bobby was standing in the hallway when Adam exited their room. He whispered, “Will she be ok? What happened at the hospital? I heard what she said about Uncle John. Is it true? When did it happen?”
“Bobby, I don’t know how to say this. My brother took advantage of her when she was unable to defend herself. He gave her a drug and, how can I say this, he…he…used her sexually. What he did was reprehensible. I am speaking to you as a man Bobby, not as my son. What you have heard today must remain between the two of us. If your mother found out you knew what happened to her, it would devastate her. I want your promise you will not discuss this with anyone, not Aunt Mary, your sister, no one. I want this to remain a secret until I have figured out how to deal with the fallout. Do I have your word, Bobby?”
Bobby felt like his entire world tilted on its axis. He had to protect his mother. “I promise. I will not say a word to anyone. Why would he do this to Mom? She never hurt anyone. How could he hurt her? How did you discover the truth?”
Adam had to protect his daughter. “I cannot go into the details. I will tell you that John confessed to what he did to my parents nineteen years ago. He never mentioned the girls name in the letter. They chose to keep it a secret. I swear I am so angry I want to hit something. My first concern is your mother. I will deal with the rest of my family at a later time.”
Shocked by what he had just heard, Bobby fell into his father and let the tears flow. “How could they keep this a secret? I hate them!”
“I know how you feel. Go downstairs and watch TV. I’ll stay with mommy.” Hesitantly, Bobby walked away from his father.
Adam went back into his bedroom, sat in the chair facing their bed, and watched his wife sleep. When he was confident that she would sleep through the night, he quietly left the room. Bobby was still watching television when Adam walked into the family room.
He turned off the television when he heard his father come into the room. “How’s Mom? Is she still sleeping?”
Adam sat next to his son and rubbed his aching neck. “The sedative I gave her will have her sleeping for at least eight hours. How are you, Bobby?”
“I don’t know how to answer that question. I’m furious something like this happened to Mom. I don’t understand why gram and gramps would keep this a secret. Uncle John committed a crime, and even if they didn’t know the girl’s name, they should have told the family about the letter. Were they trying to protect him?”
“Who the fuck knows what was in their head, Bobby. They had a moral obligation to tell us the truth. John spent a lot of time with your mother. They were friends.”
“Can he still be charged with a crime?”
“I don’t know. At this point in time, I believe the statute of limitation has expired.”
“What are we going to do?”
“We are going to take care of your mother. I will deal with my family later. I want you to check on your mom. I need to go back to the hospital in a few hours to see Gail.”
The doorbell rang. Adam opened the door to find his mother standing before him. “What do you want Mother? Haven’t you caused enough trouble today?”
“I came to give you John’s letter.”
Adam took the letter from her and proceeded to close the door. Margaret stopped him. “I am sorry Adam. We made the only decision we could at the time. We never imagined this would happen. I don’t know what else to say.”
“You have a lot to say, Mother. Think about the nineteen years of silence, and when you can explain your actions to my satisfaction, I may consider talking to you. A crime was committed and the two of you remained silent. Until then, please stay away from my family. Lydia is nearly catatonic. How do I explain this to my daughter?”
Later that night, Adam read the letter. Seeing the words written by his brother made his blood boil. Unable to sleep, Adam returned to the hospital at four in the morning to check on his daughter. As he sat next to Gail’s bed, the events of the previous day caught up with him. Tears burned his eyes as he watched Gail sleep. He had to find a way to make his brother pay for this sin, this crime. Knowing the statute of limitation has long since expired on filing criminal charges, he needed to come up with another plan to extract his revenge.
Chapter 6
When Adam left the hospital, he stopped by the church. He sat in the front pew and stared at the altar. His mind raced, and he found it hard to concentrate on anything. His heart, as well as his faith in God, was shattered into a million pieces. Looking over to the confessional, he noticed that the light was on above the door. Gathering his courage, he walked over to the confessional and pushed back the curtain. Unaware that his brother was sitting on the other side of the wall, Adam started speaking.
“I need help Father. Something terrible has happened to my wife, and I cannot handle the anger that rages inside me.”
I recognize my brother’s voice. What did he just say about Lydia? “Whatever is troubling you, please share it with me. With the help of Our Lord Jesus Christ, we will find the path to enlightenment and peace.”
Adam bared it all in the hopes of finding some peace. “My wife discovered yesterday that she had been drugged and raped a few months after we were married. She had no memory of this due to the drug given to her. My brother raped my wife.”
My mind goes blank as I take in Adam’s words. How did they discover the truth? Dear Lord, help me, please. I cannot speak. My body trembles uncontrollably. I feel like I am suffocating. I lean forward and rest my arms on my legs. A sob erupts from the depths of my troubled soul.
Adam hears me crying on the other side of the screen and becomes concerned. “Father, are you ok? Why are you crying?”
I need to run. I need to escape this confessional. I feel like I am in prison. The walls are closing in on me. I push back the curtain and run from the church. I make it outside, collapse on the steps, and try in vain to catch my breath.
Adam heard his footsteps and pushed back the curtain. Looking around at the empty church, he walked outside and saw his brother sitting on the steps. Father Brady’s body shook violently, his fingers wrapped around the rosary. Adam stood behind his brother and watched him fall apart.
Someone walking by the church walked up the steps and sat down next to John. “Father, what’s wrong. Are you ill?”
“Go find Father O’Connell, please.”
Adam quietly walked back into the church and left by the sacristy door.

Father O’Connell ran to the church and found John lying on the concrete step. “Father Brady, why are you lying on the concrete steps? Are you ill?”
“Yes Father, I am very sick. Please, help me to the rectory.” I follow Father O’Connell as we walk to the rectory. My legs feel like rubber, and several times, I almost fall to the ground. I am grateful for his assistance, however; the ghosts from the past have once again found me. How will I survive this turmoil?
Adam had waited a respectable amount of time before he walked to the rectory. He fingered a copy of the letter that he had in his pocket. Regardless of the outcome, Adam would have his fifteen minutes. Father Mallard directed Adam to a small sitting room. There were three other priests in the room. Father Brady sat quietly, rosary beads in hand, head bowed in silent prayer.
I can feel Adam’s presence in this small room. His anger radiates from him and it frightens me. When I look up to face my brother, the look on his face shocks me. He walks over to me and grabs my arm, his nails digging into my skin.
“Come with me, Father,” Adam says with dripping sarcasm. “We need to speak privately.”
I acknowledge his request and ask him to follow me into my office. When Adam closes the door, his fist connects with my jaw. Taken aback by the sudden punch, I stumble backward, fall on a table, and hit the floor. The pain in my face and back is intense. I rub my face to relieve the pain in my jaw. I say the first thing that comes to me. “Does punching me make you feel better? Did you know that I was in the confessional when you entered it?” The day I dread most has finally arrived.
Several priests hear the disturbance and run into my office. Father Mallard grabbed Adam’s arm. “This is a house of prayer. Violence in any form is unacceptable. Why did you hit your brother?”
“Please, Father Mallard; remove your hand from my arm. What I have to discuss with John is a personal issue between my brother and myself.”
“What transpires in this rectory is my business, Adam. I want to know why you hit Father Brady.”
I am still sitting on the floor, too stunned to move. Blood from where his ring cut me runs down my face. The pain in my back intensifies. Adam looks down at me with contempt in his eyes, the contempt that I so rightly deserve.
“To answer your question, John, it is going to take more than one punch to make me feel better. No, I did not know you were hearing confessions today, but I am glad you heard me. I have much more to say to you, you sick fucking bastard!”
Shocked by the language, Father Mallard said, “Please watch your tongue. We are in the house of Our Lord Jesus Christ.”
“And that’s supposed to mean something to me? Do you want to know why I am upset Father Mallard?” Adam retrieved the letter from his pocket and handed it to him. “Read this letter and then ask me why I am angry.”
I watch Father Mallard as he leans against the wall and reads my letter. Several times, he looks at me, and I can see horror and disgust clearly written on his face. His hands shake as he continues reading. I finally get up off the floor and walk over to a small shrine in the corner of my office. I kneel before the cross with rosary beads in hand and say a silent prayer for strength. The conversation I am about to have with Adam will be difficult. Once I have calmed my nerves, I walk over to Adam and sit next to him. I finger my rosary beads, willing them to give me strength.
Adam spoke first. “Lydia is remembering what you did to her. You incapacitated my wife with a date rape drug, and forced yourself on her, against her will. If you were not a priest, I would beat the shit out of you. Why John, why did you do it? Why did you force yourself on my wife?”
“I have asked myself that question many times over the years, and it pains me having to tell you the truth. I do remember that I was drinking heavily, and I used cocaine that night, and,” I take a deep cleansing breath, “I’ve regretted my actions for the past nineteen years. I entered the priesthood because I knew of no other way to atone for my sin. I committed the vilest of crimes against my brother’s wife. I had to remove myself from everyone because I was in love with Lydia. I loved her for a long time, but she only had feelings for you. I resented you for taking away my chance at happiness. When she agreed to marry you, it destroyed me.”
Stunned by his honesty, Adam searched for the right words. “Lydia told you repeatedly that she loved you as a friend. We both thought you had accepted this and moved on to someone else.”
“She loved you and it made me angry. I tried so hard to keep my feelings to myself. That night has haunted my dreams for many years. I had to remove myself from the memories.”
“I want you to stay away from Gail. If you hurt her, I will hurt you. I don’t care if you are a priest.”
 “What are you implying, Adam? This does not concern Gail.”
“Gail is your daughter. Her pre-surgery blood work confirmed that I am not her biological father. The blood you so readily donated was typed and matched before Gail’s surgery. David found similar protein patterns in your blood that matched Gail’s blood. He ran a DNA test as a precaution. You are Gail’s father.”
For as long as I live, I will never forget this day. I will never forget the look of anguish on my brother’s tear stained face. How is it possible that I am Gail’s father? “Oh Adam, I didn’t know. How could I have known? What do we do now?”
“I don’t know what to do. How do I tell my daughter that I am not her father? I want to know what would drive you to betray me in this way. What have I ever done to you that would justify you fucking my wife?”
I cringe at Adam’s harsh words. Father Mallard has a similar reaction. “Please Adam, watch your language.”
Adam snapped. “Please, spare me the righteous indignation. You are guilty of rape, and I want to know why.”
I sit quietly for several minutes, rubbing the rosary beads between my fingers. Father Mallard stood silently in the background, and when I glance over at him, the expression on his face makes me nervous. I can feel sweat running down my neck and back. In an unusually calm voice, as if I were detaching myself from the memory, I tell Adam the painful truth.
“I was always jealous of you. There was not a time growing up that I did not resent you. After you and Mary had been born, I became invisible. It took a long time for Dad to include me in your lives. By that time, the resentment built to the point where everything you did irritate me.”
“I met Lydia at a rock concert, and we dated for several months. She told me several times that she did not want to have sex until after she was married. My body craved her in a way that excited and frightened me. When she told me she did not love me and wanted to end the relationship, I let her go, but never stopped loving her. It killed me when she showed up at our family Christmas dinner with you. I confronted her in the kitchen and demanded to know why she was dating my brother.”
“Imagine my shock when she proudly told me that you were the better man and apologized for not telling me directly. She did not like my drinking and caught me using cocaine. She thought showing up for Christmas dinner with you would defuse the situation. She looked happy, and I felt like an ass because I still loved her.”
Adam gritted his teeth. “What happened that night?”
“Lydia was upset that you missed your birthday party. She made a point of cooking a special dinner and invited Mom and Dad. She called me complaining about everything, and I drove over to your apartment to keep her company.”
“When everyone left, I stayed and helped Lydia finish the bottle of wine. We made popcorn and watched a movie. Once the wine bottle was empty, I moved on to beer and snorted cocaine. I was drunk and high on cocaine by the end of the night, and I was…aroused. I still wanted Lydia and thought I could…persuade her to have sex with me. I dropped something into her wine and waited for her to…to…submit to me.”
“I became angry when I touched her and she thought it was you. She had no idea I was touching her. I was drunk and high, and I just…snapped. I cannot remember how many times we…had sex. At some point during the night, Lydia passed out on the bed. I fell asleep next to her and woke early the next morning. I made sure I left no evidence in the room.”
“My friend told me this particular drug wiped out the memory. I prayed Lydia would not remember. I went home and passed out. I awoke with a hangover and a guilty conscience. I called her a few days later, and as far as I could tell, she had no memory of that night. I had a few days to think about what happened, and I regretted my actions. I went to confession, and you know the rest of the story. I felt it was best to leave and never return.”
Chapter 7
Adam is not looking at me. He’s been staring out the window for several minutes. Why won’t he say anything? I rise from my seat and say, “I think we’ve said enough for today. Our focus must be on Gail’s recovery.” Father Mallard is still hovering and he escorts me from my office.
Adam sat in John’s office for several minutes as his mind raced, and his heart thumped in his chest. A wave of sadness overtook him. Picking up his phone, he called David. “I’m sorry Adam. I hope you know that I would never intentionally hurt you. I know how much you love Gail.”
“Yes, I do. I am sorry too, but it changes nothing as far as I am concerned. Gail is my daughter. I don’t know what will happen with Lydia. We have a lot to discuss, and now is not the time to cause her further trauma. How is Gail? Is she still in recovery?”
“Her vitals look good. I want to keep her in intensive care for another day. I want her stabilized before I move her to a room. Her leg is badly broken, and I had to remove her spleen. She has two hairline fractures to her ribcage, and a mild concussion. Brain activity is normal, and I see no indication of fluid or bruising. The leg is what concerns me. I had to use two rods to set the tibia and femur. There were three hairline fractures to her ankle. Gail’s recovery will be slow, and therapy will be painful. Did the police apprehend the bastard that ran her over?”
“I have no idea. I was so focused on Gail that I never thought to ask my father.”
“Go home to your wife and get some sleep. You sound exhausted.”
“I am tired. I have not slept since early Sunday morning.”
Adam needed his twin sister Mary. The two of them always had a unique connection. In their youth, Adams friends called their connection spooky voodoo because the two of them had a way of silently communicating with each other. Reaching for his phone, he sent Mary a text. Where are you?
Mary immediately responded. I am sitting in your kitchen eating lunch with Bobby. Where are you?
I am in the rectory, in John’s office.
Come home, and I will make something for you to eat and we’ll have a nice long talk.
When Adam pulled up into the driveway, he sat in his car and cried. Mary heard his car and watched him through the window. Adam never cried. She always joked that he had nerves of steel, and so the sight of her precious brother crying like a baby destroyed her. Mary walked outside, opened the passenger door, and reached for her brother.
Adam fell into her arms. “I’m scared Mary. I don’t know what to do.”
“I know Adam. I went over to see Mom and Dad earlier today, and they are devastated. Mom could not stop crying, and Dad was yelling at her. I have never seen them argue. Dad was yelling that it was John’s fault. Mom yelled back saying that they should have told you the truth. Dad threw his coffee mug against the wall and left the house.”
“Are we the only sane people in this goddamn family? I don’t understand what is happening to us, Mary. How do you do that to someone you love?” Adam wiped the tears with the tail of his shirt and reached for the door handle. “I have to check on Lydia. Is she still sleeping?”
“Yes. Whatever you gave her knocked her out. Bobby told me he sat in front of her bedroom door right after you went to the hospital. I found him asleep on the floor when I arrived this afternoon. Does he know what happened to his mother?”
“He heard Lydia talking in my office, but he doesn’t know about Gail. We had a man-to-man talk, and he promised to keep this to himself. He does not want to upset his mother or his sister. I need to see my wife.”

Adam walked quietly into their bedroom and pulled back the curtain. Dim sunlight filled the room. Lydia looked like a child curled up on her side, hugging a pillow. He walked into the bathroom and took a quick shower. His confrontation with his brother left him feeling dirty, both on the inside and outside. He could wash off the dirt and grime from his body. How he felt inside would take a long time to disappear. Walking back into his bedroom with a towel wrapped around his body, Adam sat gently on the edge of the bed and brushed a few strands of hair from her beautiful face.
Lydia felt his touch and opened her eyes. The sight of her husband’s beautiful face brought a small smile to her face. Adam leaned down and kissed her forehead. “How do you feel today honey? Did you sleep well?”
“How long have I been asleep?”
Adam looked at the bedside clock. “I’m not sure. I don’t remember what time we came home last night.”
Lydia turned away from him and buried her face in the pillow. Adam dropped the towel and crawled into bed. When he reached out for her, she recoiled from his touch. “How can you touch me knowing what he did to me?”
Adam fought to control the rage. “Honey, nothing that happened was your fault. I have been touching this beautiful body for nineteen years. You are my wife, and I love you with every fiber of my being. Nothing will ever change my love for you. You are beautiful Lydia, inside and out.”
Lydia moved closer to him and felt his strong arm wrap around her. Spooning next to his wife, Adam kissed her neck. “I will help you deal with this honey. You are not alone. What can I do to help you, Lydia?”
Crying, she pressed herself closer to him. “Love me, Adam, just love me. I don’t want to be a victim.”
“Whatever happens, I will always be by your side. I will protect you from my family. I do not want any of them near you. Mary is downstairs with Bobby. Are you hungry? Could you eat a little lunch? Mary made a pot of gravy and meatballs.”
A small growl erupted from her stomach. Laughing she said, “Um, I think I could eat something.”
Adam kissed her neck. “Go take a shower and I’ll ask Mary to make a plate for you. Tonight we can talk about what happened yesterday. Until then, try to relax. We will work through this as we’ve worked through everything these past nineteen years.”
Several minutes later, he heard Lydia crying in the shower. Lowering his head, he walked into the bathroom and opened the shower door. Lydia was sitting on the shower floor, her head resting on her knees. Adam knelt in front of her, and she fell into his arms. “I just had a memory. It was awful Adam. He had his head between my thighs. He was, oh God, he had his mouth on me.”
Adam closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. The image of his brother’s head between her thighs had him wanting to commit murder. He must remain calm for his wife. “Now that we know what happened, these memories may come to the surface when you least expect them. I want you to tell me when you have a memory. I don’t care what it is. I want you to discuss it with me.”
“I’m so afraid of what I’ll remember. I thought it was you, Adam. I thought you were making love to me. He used me, and I feel dirty. He used me, and I want to hurt him, the way he hurt me.”
“Let me worry about my brother. I want you to focus on Gail. She will need us when she comes home from the hospital. Our baby girl needs both of her parents.”
Lydia had to address the elephant in the room. “Do you feel different towards Gail knowing that she is not your daughter?”
Adam expected this question; however, it still punched him in the gut hearing it from his wife. “Being a father is not about biology. Being a father is about loving someone so completely, you would give your life to protect this precious gift. Gail is my gift. She is my daughter, and I will fight with every ounce of strength I have to keep her safe. She will never call anyone else father. She is my daughter.”
His words were what Lydia wanted to hear. “I love you, Adam. We are lucky to have you in our lives. Our children are fortunate to have you as their father, and I am incredibly happy you married me.”
Whispering in her ear, Adam said, “I am the lucky one honey because I have what I’ve always wanted. I have children who are the joy of my life. I have a wife that I love beyond words. All of you are the love of my life, and no one will take that away from me. I will always fight to protect what is mine.”
Later that night, when the house was finally quiet and they were lying in bed, Adam and Lydia talked honestly with each other. “Honey, I know this is a traumatic event for you. Do you feel the need to seek professional help in dealing with the memories?”
Thinking for several minutes, she finally said, “I don’t know if it will help me. My subconscious mind has been trying to remember for nineteen years. I would feel more at ease talking to you.”
“Do you remember any of what happened that night?”
“Well, I remember making dinner. I remember the argument, and I remember watching a movie with John. After that, my memory is fuzzy. When I awoke the next morning, I was very sick. It makes me angry Adam. I thought it was you. I was so proud that I waited until we were married before we made love for the first time. It made me happy knowing you would be the only man to make love to me. He took that away from me, and it makes me sick.”
“Why did he hate me? Why would he hurt me this way? He knew I was in love with you.” Lydia frowned and rubbed her forehead. Suddenly, another flash of memory came to her. “I remember something. He was in the room when I woke the next morning.” She paused as the memory came to her. “He called me a bitch and said I deserved what he did to me. He said I enjoyed it.”
Adam held her tightly. “It’s ok honey. He can’t hurt you now. I won’t let him near you.”
“What I don’t understand is why you parents didn’t tell anyone about the letter. If they reported it to the police, why keep it a secret? Were they protecting him?”
“I don’t know, but I think they owe us an explanation.”

Chapter 8
Later that night, the hospital transferred Gail to a private room. Adam, Lydia, and Bobby were the first to visit her the next morning. Adam leaned down and kissed her forehead. Her eyes fluttered open, and a small smile graced her beautiful face. “Hi Munchkin, everyone is waiting to see you.”
Tears welled in her eyes. “It hurts Daddy.”
“I know sweetheart. I will talk to the nurse when we leave. You are going to be okay honey. Mom and I will take good care of you.”
Lydia stood on the other side of the bed holding her hand. Bobby stood at the foot of the bed. “That’s right honey, your daddy and I will take care of you. Pretty soon you will be in your bed, eating ice cream and watching silly movies on Net Flix.”
“What about college?”
Lydia looked at Adam. “I’ll call the dean this afternoon and explain the situation. Do not worry about college. You will be up and on your feet before you know it.”
Yawning, Gail closed her eyes. “Ok Daddy,” she said and quickly fell asleep. They both kissed Gail and left the room. Bobby remained standing at the foot of the bed. Hands fisted by his side, he refused to leave his sister.
Adam turned around, went back into her room, and saw that Bobby was crying. “Bobby, what’s wrong? Why are you crying?”
“It’s my fault Gail’s hurt. We were joking around in the parking lot, and I wasn’t paying attention. I didn’t see the car until it was on top of us. Gail pushed me out of the way. At first, I thought she was messing around with me, but then I saw the car come out of nowhere, and it hit her.” Sobbing, he covered his face with his hands.
Pulling Bobby close to him, he rocked his son while he cried. “It’s not your fault Bobby. It was a terrible accident. No one is to blame.” Adam held his son for several minutes until there were no more tears. Lydia drove them home while Adam continued to hold his son.

The problem with a written confession is that it follows you. It haunts you to the point of madness. Following Adam’s outburst in the rectory, I had a very uncomfortable meeting with Father Mallard.
“Is this true, Father Brady. Did you commit the heinous acts described in this letter?”
Shame and remorse rise like bile in my throat. “I am ashamed to say I did write the letter to my parents. What happened that day has haunted me, and while I am deeply ashamed of who I once was, I am no longer that person.”
Frowning, Father Mallard once again read the letter. “Do you understand how the parishioners of this parish will react if this were made public? They will never trust you with their children. They will shun you. We must keep this between ourselves. The church will not be put in the spotlight by a rapist who is now a priest.”
“Father Mallard, I respect and admire you, and it is not my desire to argue. I want to remind you of my nineteen years of service to the church. Not once during that time have I brought shame to the church. I have served Our Lord faithfully. I have served the parishioners of my former parish with respect and love. To insinuate that I would bring shame to the church is insulting, on many levels.”
“I am not proud of who I once was. Drinking and drugs had a devastating effect on my mind, my body, and my morals. It disgusts me that I could do something so vile to someone I loved. I contemplated taking my life. The church saved my soul. My faith is a guiding force in my life. I would rather leave the church than bring disgrace through those beautiful doors. Do what you feel is necessary. I have lived with this for many years, and I will take the shame with me to my grave.”
“You are at risk of being defrocked if this leaks. How many people in your family know of this letter?”
“As far as I am aware, my parents, Adam, and Lydia know the truth. Why do ask?”
“I must contain this. I want to meet with them as soon as possible.”

My head is pounding from where Adam’s fist connected with my jaw. The walls of the rectory feel like a prison, and I need time to think about how to proceed. I roam around the neighborhood in an attempt to calm down. To insinuate I would bring shame to the church keeps running through my mind. I have served Our Lord faithfully. I am not the same person I was before becoming a priest. How can I make Father Mallard see that I am a changed person? I am still trying to cope with the fact that I fathered a child. Gail is my daughter! How can I live with the truth? How can I look at Gail and not tell her the truth?
It is well after the dinner hour when I return to the rectory. My walk did nothing to calm my nerves. Father O’Connell’s office door is open, and I am overwhelmed with the sudden need to confess. What would I say? I have to get this out in the open. “Father O’Connell, may I speak with you for a few minutes? I am deeply troubled.” Father O’Connell looks up from his paperwork and sees the ugly bruise on the side of my face. He was not in the rectory when I had my confrontation with Adam.
“Father Brady, what happened to your face? Who hit you?”
I need a few minutes to compose my thoughts. Father O’Connell waits patiently for me to speak. “I have tried to be a good priest. I am sure you know the reason for my entering the priesthood. I was a drug addict and an alcoholic. Those first few years were tough for me. I missed the potential of what could have been an entirely different life. I chose my path in life to absolve myself of sin. Yesterday, the consequences of my actions hit me in the face.” I once again confess my shame and remorse.
“I wrote a letter to my parents before I left home. I confessed what I did but did not tell them it was Lydia. Ironically, my parents kept the letter. They gave it to Adam who in turn, gave it to Father Mallard. I will not disgrace the church. If the result is a defrocking, I will accept the consequences, and move on with my life.”
Father O’Connell walks from behind his desk and sits next to me. “A lie on top of a lie is not the best decision. I understand everyone wants to protect Gail. The deeper question is how do you feel now that you know the truth?”
“Honestly, I feel elated. I knew my decision would end my chances of having a family. Now that I am aware I have a daughter, I want to embrace the myriad of emotions that have bombarded my mind, my heart, my soul. I want to know my daughter. I have spent so many years avoiding Adam out of guilt.”
“I am foremost a man with emotions and desires. I regret my decision to come back to this parish. Seeing my brother and his wife has dredged up too many painful memories. I feel the need to escape once again. How long do I have to keep running from my past? Have I not lived my life by the teaching of the Bible?”
Father O’Connell reaches out and touches my shoulder. “Deep in your soul, you know you only have one option. Remember The Eighth Commandment ‘Thou shall not bear false witness.’ Lying to conceal the truth is a sin of omission and at the end of the day resolves nothing. You must face the consequences of your actions. Think upon this for a few days. I know you will make the correct decision.”
I rise from my chair and kneel before Father O’Connell to receive his blessing.

The meeting with Father Mallard the next day was acrimonious. “I have requested this meeting because I want to know how you intend to handle the problem with Gail’s parentage.”
Adam gripped the arm of his chair and took a deep breath. He did not want to punch another priest. “I fail to see how this concerns you, or the church. This is a private family matter, and will be dealt with by my family.”
“I will not have the church disgraced by the actions of Father Brady.” He turned to face John. “You should have informed me of these events before accepting the position. I do not want you associated with my church.”
A foreign emotion grips me, anger. “If you reviewed my file prior to my arrival, you would have been well informed. I had previously confessed my sin to Father Randall, and The Cardinal. His Eminence is well aware of my history. My entire clerical life is available for you to review. If it is your wish for me to leave St. Peter’s Church, I suggest you take the issue to The Cardinal. I will not be coerced.”
Adam begrudgingly agreed with John. “This matter is closed Father Mallard. Do not attempt to contact my daughter or any member of my family.”
The anger in Father Mallard’s voice was clear for all to hear. “I would suggest you counsel your family on the merits of silence. If I hear even the slightest rumor, I will take all necessary actions to protect the reputation of this church.”
“Is this a threat?” I ask, stunned by the subtle insinuation.
“Think of it as an incentive to remain diligent, John,” Father Mallard said coldly. He rose from behind his desk and left the room.
John looked at Adam in confusion. “I do not like being threatened.”
Adam agreed. “Neither do I, John.”

My clerical collar feels like a noose around my desk. I am angry. Father Mallard was out of line, and I will not let anything or anyone hurt Gail. I need to see my daughter. I have an overwhelming urge to look at her beautiful face. What is happening to me? I know I will never be a part of her life. Should anyone outside the church discover the truth about my daughter, it would force me to admit my sin to the congregation, and further hurt and shame my family. I will not let that happen.
The drive back to the hospital takes about ten minutes. It was nearing the end of visiting hours and I feel relieved to see her room empty of visitors. I do not want to see Adam. My face still aches from our earlier confrontation. The only light illuminating Gail’s hospital room is a small night light over her hospital bed. She looks fragile lying there with her leg propped up on pillows. I once again feel a tightening in my chest. I walk over to her bed and gently touch her hand with my fingertips. The brush of my fingers awakens Gail. When she opens her eyes, my heart nearly stopped beating because I am staring at my eyes. I am trying in vain to control the tsunami that erupts in me when I hear her timid voice.
“Uncle John, is that you?”
“Yes, my little angel,” I say as I lean forward and kiss her forehead. “Why are you awake?”
“My leg hurts, and I can’t sleep. I’m afraid to be here alone.”
Moving closer, I lower the guardrail and sit gently on the edge of the bed. “Hold my hand sweetheart and close your eyes. I will stay with you until you fall asleep. Would you like me to sing something for you?”
“Yes, Uncle John. It might help me to fall asleep.”
“Close your eyes and relax.”
In hushed tones, I sing one of my favorite sacred arias, Schubert’s Wiegenlied OP #2, Milli Cherubini in Cuori. My voice is rusty. I haven’t sung this aria in at least a year. By the time I finish for the third time, Gail is sleeping peacefully. I look down at the hand I am holding and wish I could tell her the truth. In my heart, I know I will never have the joy of acknowledging her as my daughter. It would destroy her young life. I kiss the hand that I am holding, adjust her blanket, and when I turn to leave the room, Adam is standing in the doorway.
Adam stood in the doorway and fought the urge to throttle his brother once again. He could not ignore the fact that his brother loved Gail. He walked up to John and placed a hand on his shoulder. Whispering, he said, “Come out into the hallway. I want to speak to you.”
Adam bent down to kiss Gail and left the room. “Why are you here John?”
“Why would I not be here? You know why I am here. I do not play games, Adam. I only want what is best for my….for Gail. We have to resolve this one way or the other.”
Adam’s hands balled into fists. “You may be Gail’s biological father, but you will never have a father-daughter relationship with her. I am the only parent Gail has known, and you will stay away from her.”
“I have already spoken to Father O’Connell and I told him the truth. Gail is my daughter, and no amount of arguing or fist fighting is going to erase that fact. How we deal with the truth is what matters now.”
Gail, hearing voices outside her room opened her eyes. Her father and Uncle John were within hearing distance. Her father sounds angry. Why is he raising his voice to Uncle John?
“Do you want to know how I’m going to deal with the truth? I am going home to take care of my traumatized wife. I will help her cope with the memories of that night. The memories are coming back to her. How do you think my daughter will handle the fact that her precious uncle, the priest, raped her mother? Tell me, how do you expect me to tell my little girl that I am not her biological father? No amount of prayer will solve this problem. I want you out of our lives. Go back to California and leave us alone.”
“I won’t deny that I am happy knowing Gail is my daughter. I already told you I regret what happened between Lydia and myself. Naturally, you want me to go away. I cannot do that because I am tired of running from the past.”
“Do you think it was easy for me adjusting to life as a priest? I resolved myself into accepting that I would never have a wife, never have children, never again feel the touch of a woman. I prayed for guidance, and Our Lord answered my prayers. I have lived my life according to His will. The fact that I am Gail’s biological father changes nothing. You are her father, and always will be.”
Gail bit her lip to stop the scream that erupted from her throat. Uncle John is my dad! How could he rape my mom? No..no..no!!
“No! No! No!” Adam heard Gail screaming and ran into her room. John followed. “Gail honey, what’s wrong?”
Sobbing hysterically, Gail grabbed Adam’s hand. “Please, Daddy; tell me it’s not true. Tell me that you are my father. Please.”
Father Brady turned and left the room.
Chapter 9
Like a coward, I once again run from my past. The sound of Gail’s hysterical crying has me physically ill. I am fighting the urge to vomit. I cannot hear what Adam is saying to her. Dear God, I beg of you, help me to cope with the turmoil I have caused.
Adam cradled his daughter in his arms. “Please Gail, take a few deep breaths. I need you to calm down. Let me call Mom, and we will explain everything to you.”
He walked over to the other side of the room and called Lydia. “I need you at the hospital now. Gail heard John and me talking. She knows the truth and is crying.”
Lydia called her sister-in-law. “I have to go to the hospital. Can you check on Bobby while I am at the hospital?”
“What’s happened? Is Gail alright?”
“Have you talked to Adam? Did he tell you what happened yesterday?”
“Yes. We spoke last night and this morning. I am sorry Lydia. I don’t know what else to say. What’s wrong with Gail?”
“Adam confronted John outside her room, and they argued. Gail heard them talking, and now she knows the truth. I have to go to her now.”
Running up to Bobby’s room, Lydia kissed him on the cheek she said, “I have to see Gail. She is not feeling well. Dad is with her now. I’ll call you as soon as I can.”
Bobby leaned in for a hug. “Tell Gail I love her.”
“I will Bobby. She knows you love her.”
As Lydia drove to the hospital, she struggled to find the appropriate words. Might as well get everything out in the open she thought as she drove into the parking garage.
Lydia found John standing outside of Gail’s room. He was deathly pale and sweating. Lydia walked up to him, raised her hand, and slapped his face. “I hate the sight of you. How could you do this to me? You hide behind the church, but you are still a rapist.” She heard Gail crying and it tore her up inside. “Do you hear Gail crying? You did this to her! Why are you here? You lost the right to be a part of my family when you raped me. I hope you rot in hell.”
Upon entering the room, she found Gail crying in Adam’s arms. He looked up at her, and the sadness and pain in his beautiful blue eyes made her knees weak. Walking over to the bed, Lydia leaned in to kiss Gail and sat in the chair next to the bed. She folded her hands in her lap to stop them from shaking. John entered the room but kept a respectable distance and remained by the door.
John, who remained standing in the doorway, spoke first. “Gail, I am sorry I have upset you. I know you are confused, and I will attempt to explain everything to you.” Moving closer, he stood at the foot of the bed. “It would be best if I start with my childhood. Your father and I always had a complicated relationship, and the fault lies with me. I resented him for many reasons that I do not want to discuss today. As I grew into adulthood, the resentment grew stronger. He took someone away from me that I treasured. For the first time in my life, I felt love for someone, and he took that away from me.”
The shock on Lydia’s face made him cringe. Looking at her, he said, “You knew I loved you. I told you many times how I felt, but you never gave our relationship a chance to develop. You set your eyes on Adam, and that was the end of our relationship. I never had the opportunity to accept the end of our relationship. You were always throwing your happiness in my face, and it made me angry and bitter. What made me more indignant was my inability to stay away from you. If I could not have you as a lover, I wanted you as a friend.”
“I thought I could handle being close to you, but I couldn’t. My love for you grew stronger until it strangled me. I did something incredibly stupid and wrong on so many levels. I drugged you and took advantage of you. It was the worst day of my life. When I awoke from my drunken stupor, the guilt nearly killed me. I contemplated taking my life, but being the selfish bastard that I was at the time, I did not have the courage to kill myself.”
“I ran to the church and confessed everything. I had to get the vileness out of my body. I had to find a way to seek forgiveness and cleanse my body of the guilt. On some level, I was relieved you did not remember what had happened. It made leaving much easier for me knowing you would not remember. Had I know you were pregnant…well…I do not know what I would have done at the time. I was too young and apparently lacking the morals to make any decision.”
“I have been accused of hiding behind the sanctity of the church to avoid punishment. Believe me when I say that I have punished myself far beyond the laws of justice. My faith is the one tangible reality in my life. I hope that all of you can forgive me for my past transgressions, and know I am a changed man. What happened that night will weigh heavily on my soul for the remainder of my life. Every day I strive to be a better person, a better priest. I do love all of you and pray for forgiveness.” John wiped a tear from his face, turned, and left the room.
Adam and Lydia looked at each other, apparently shocked by his confession. Gail turned to her mother and opened her arms. Lydia sat beside her daughter and cradled her gently. “It’s ok honey. Daddy and I love you so very much. Nothing that was said today will change how much we love you.”
Gail looked at Adam with sadness in her eyes. “Don’t be upset, munchkin. You will always be my baby girl. No one will ever love you more than I do. I want you to lie back and go to sleep. Mommy and I will be here when you wake up. Always remember that we love you.”
“Daddy, will you hold my hand until I fall asleep?”
Taking off his shoes, Adam carefully climbed into bed and wrapped his arm around Gail. “I’ll always be here for you Gail. Close your eyes and let me hold you for a little while. I miss holding my baby girl.”
Gail closed her eyes and held her father’s hand as she slowly relaxed. Lydia felt hot tears stream down her face. Silently, she said to Adam, “I love you.”
“Love you too sweetheart, always will.”
Chapter 10
I don’t know what to do with myself. I cannot go back to the rectory. My mind is racing with many unresolved emotions. I feel the urge to run away. I do not know how long I have been driving, or where I am. The look of disappointment on Gail’s beautiful face cuts like a knife. She hates me. I feel it down to my marrow. I will never have a relationship with her. I will soon feel the wrath of my entire family and rightly deserve their ire. I am so tired. I have to stop driving before I cause an accident.
Bright light awakens me and I slowly open my eyes. Looking at my watch, I soon realize I have been in this parking lot for close to eight hours. It’s late morning, and my head is pounding from the uncomfortable sleeping position. I need help, but who can help me? Mary is a forgiving soul. I need to speak to her.
“Why are you calling me John?” The tone of her voice is not a pleasant one. She too is angry with me.
“Hello, Mary. I am sorry to bother you. Can I stop by your house later this afternoon? I need to speak to you.”
Mary loved her brother and hearing the pain in his voice broke her heart. “Where are you?”
“I don’t know. I have been driving all night, and I pulled into a parking lot and fell asleep in my car. I do not want to go back to the rectory. I do not know what to do with myself. The guilt and shame are killing me. I need someone to talk to who will not hit me. Please, Mary, I will not take much of your time. Can you meet me at Pat’s in two hours? I’ll buy you a cheesesteak with fries.”
Unable to resist Pat’s steaks, she agreed. “You really know how to bribe a person, don’t you?”
“I know your soft spot, and it appears it hasn’t changed after all these years. Thank you, Mary. I’ll see you soon.”

I feel like a bug under a microscope as I sit here waiting for Mary. The sun is beating down on my black clothing, which is only making me more uncomfortable. I am anxious to see her, and pray she does not reject me.
Mary sat in her car and watched her brother squirm under the hot sun. He looked dejected and while her heart ached for him, she was angry and disappointed with him. What am I going to say to him?
John saw his sister approach his table and fought the urge to flee. He stood to greet her. “Mary, I would like to thank you for agreeing to see me on such short notice. Please have a seat. Would you like something to eat or drink?”
“A cold bottle of water would be nice. It’s so hot today, and I have a headache.”
John returned to the table with two bottles of cold water. “I was surprised when you agreed to see me. I know that Lydia and Adam are angry with me, and I cannot fault them. What I did in my past life still haunts me.”
“I am torn between two brothers that I love dearly. I only have one question for you. I want to know why you would do something so vile to your sister-in-law.”
“I was stupid Mary. My drug abuse and drinking clouded my judgment. It’s as simple as that. I felt it was best for everyone to disappear.”
“Mary, I was adopted shortly after I was born. I found the papers in the steamer trunk when I was sixteen. It explains my rare blood type. I always felt different, like I did not belong. After you and Adam had been born, things changed in the house. It felt like I was pushed aside, and I felt lonely and isolated. You and Adam received the love I desperately wanted.”
“I never told Mom and Dad that I found the adoption papers. It was obvious they wanted to keep this information from me.”
Mary’s crying breaks my heart. I lean forward to touch her arm. “Do not cry for me Mary. My path in life has been difficult, but Our Lord Jesus Christ is an ever-present guiding force in my life.”
“Have you tried finding your parents? Did you discuss this with Mom and Dad?”
“I never asked, and at this point, I do not want to know. My existence had already caused so much trouble for my family. My anger and resentment festered for so long that it broke me. It robbed me of my morality, and evil so vile seeped into my soul.”
“Entering the priesthood was my only chance at salvation. I wound up on the sidewalk outside the seminary. I was sitting on the curb, deciding whether I had made the right decision. Father Randall saved my life. He helped me withdraw from drugs and alcohol and guided my path to the church. If it were not for him, I probably would not be here today. I wanted to die and had I not found my path in life, I would have eventually taken my life.”
Leaning on the table, she held John’s hands in hers. “I always wondered why there were no pictures of you in the house all of these years. I love you, Johnny, with all of my heart. ‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.’ I am proud to call you my brother.”
Smiling, John kissed her hand. “I will always be your brother, but I also want to be your friend. I have prayed for many years and served Our Lord at his choosing, hoping to be cleansed of this memory. Sadly, I carry it with me daily. My only wish is to continue serving Our Lord.”
Mary sat for several tense minutes as she absorbed those words. John Brady was a changed, broken man. The ghosts of the past continued to torture him. He looked gaunt, and with the bruise still creeping up his face, tired. “I find it hard to associate the man you are now with the vile act you committed. Lydia is not in a good place right now, and that is your fault. I have never seen Adam so distraught. He always has control of his emotions. What do you intend to do about Gail? She knows the truth. Adam fears he will lose his daughter.”
“My priority must be Adam, Lydia, and Gail. I need to heal the painful memories and bring peace to their souls. My parents are not my concern. God forgive me, but I do not want to see them.”
Chapter 11
The nightmare returned, only this time, Lydia saw the face of her attacker. He hovered over her, demanding entrance to her body. She felt the heaviness of his body as he pressed her into the bed. So dark, the images faded in and out, his head is between her legs, licking, tasting, fingers digging into her thighs, darkness again. She felt the burn as he penetrated her roughly. She did not want this. She tried to push him away. Her body felt funny, and she was unable to focus. No, no, no, where is Adam? Where is Adam?
“WHERE IS ADAM?” Lydia bolted upright in bed with a scream that traveled throughout the house. Adam and Bobby were in the kitchen making lunch. Startled by the sudden sound of her screaming he looked at his son and said, “Stay here. I don’t want your mother to see you.”
Adam quickly ran up to their bedroom and when he opened the door, the sight of his wife panting for breath and gripping the bed sheets stabbed his heart. Goddamn, John, I could kill him! He ran to Lydia and gathered her in his arms. “Hush sweetheart, it was only a dream. You’re safe honey; no one will ever hurt you.”
“Oh God Adam, I remember what happened. I had the dream again and this time, I saw…him…what he did to me…he hurt me….he hurt me. It burned, and I wanted him to stop. I tried to make him stop, but he would not stop.”
“I know this hurts honey because it feels like it just happened to you. What can I do to help you?”
Still panting, she said, “I want to see Gail. Take me to see Gail.”
“Honey, take a deep breath and try to calm your nerves. You don’t want Gail to see you upset.” Helping her to stand, Adam walked her into the bathroom. He reached over to turn on the shower. “Take a hot shower. It will help you to relax.”
As if in a trance, Lydia dropped her robe to the floor and stepped into the shower. She slid the door closed, and as Adam was leaving the room, she burst into tears. Adam turned around, removed his clothing, and stepped into the shower. Lydia was leaning against the wall, her hands covering her face. Adam opened his arms, and she welcomed the comfort of his strong arms. “Let it out honey. Let go of the pain. I will help you. I swear it. Let me be your strength.”
“Hold me, Adam. Tell me you still love me.”
Adam cradled her in his arms. The gentle rocking back and forth calmed her. “Listen to me Lydia. You are the heart that beats within me. I have loved you from the moment I first saw you. Nothing and no one will ever change my love for you. If you want to move to get away from him, just say the word, and I will put the house up for sale.”
“I can’t run from this for the remainder of my life Adam. I have to face what happened to me. I have to be strong for our daughter because she will have to live with the fact that you are not her biological father. She will have to live with the fact that her uncle raped me. I must focus on Gail. My pain is old, hers is new, and she needs us.”
Adam smiled as he held her. “That’s what I want to hear. For as much as I want to have John suffer, what good would it do now? I don’t want that vileness to seep into our home. Let’s focus on Gail.” He reached over to the shower rack and filled his hands with soap. “I seem to recall you enjoyed it when I ran my soapy hands all over your body. Close your eyes honey, and just feel me.”
Lydia placed her palms against the shower wall and closed her eyes. Adam gently and expertly ran his soapy hands over every inch of her body. As he did so, he felt her relax. “That’s it honey, loosen those tense muscles.”
“I love you, Adam.”
“I love you, Lydia, with every fiber of my being.”

Bobby paced the confines of his house for what felt like hours. His mother finally stopped crying, and the house was eerily quiet. He resisted the urge to run upstairs and check on his parents. It killed him keeping this secret. His father trusted him, and it constricted his heart.
Finally, he heard his parents talking as they came into the kitchen. Bobby set the table and had lunch ready in the refrigerator. “Hey you two, sit down and I’ll get everything ready. Mom, do you want iced tea or soda?”
Lydia took a minute to absorb the fact her son made lunch. “Um, soda would be good. Thanks honey for making these sandwiches.”
Adam looked at Bobby and smiled. A silent acknowledgment passed between them. “While you’re at it, I’d like one too. We need to have a little celebration. Our son has finally learned how to feed himself. Can we expect more meals, or is this a one-off?”
Their carefree laughter lightened the mood. “Hey Dad, don’t expect me to grab the pots and pans. I only know how to make sandwiches.”
“I’ll take whatever I can get Bobby. The fact that you made lunch is a beginning. You know, once you move into Gail’s apartment, you will have to feed yourself from time to time.”
“I thought this kitchen would be a take-out set up. Do I really have to cook for myself? Maybe I should stay in the house, and let Gail keep the apartment.”
Lydia suddenly felt the need to have her son near her. “I would like it if you stayed in the house. I’m not ready for you to grow up. Also, Gail will need us when she comes home from the hospital.”
“Whatever you need Mom. I’ll be happy to help in whatever way I can.”
Adam reached across the table and held his son’s hand. “Thank you, Bobby. Your mother and I will need your help.”
A gentle squeeze of the hand by Bobby was an acknowledgment of his willingness to help. “Whatever you need Dad, you only need to ask. I missed Gail. When is she coming home?”
“Your mother and I are going to the hospital as soon as we eat this fabulous lunch. I’ll let you know when she is coming home later today.”
“Tell the squirt I love her, and I plan on torturing her with B-rated horror movies. I already have them in my Net Flix queue. She can expect hours and hours of screaming and drooling.”
“I am sure your sister will love spending time with you. She will be off her feet for a few months, and knowing her, she will be climbing the walls with boredom. Anything you can do to keep her occupied would be helpful. You know how she hates being confined.”
“Boy do I know. She ran me ragged when we were kids. I couldn’t keep up with her.”
“Take her mind off it as much as you can. Therapy will be difficult and painful. She needs our support.”
Bobby looked sad, and that squeezed Adam’s heart. He still blamed himself for the accident. “Don’t do that Bobby. Don’t let your sister see that look on your face. I have told you already this was an accident. You are not to blame for what happened. Imagine if your sister hadn’t pushed you out of the way. Imagine how your mother and I would feel if both of our precious children were in the hospital. You are not at fault son. Your grandfather told me the car left the scene, and he was unable to see the license plate. Did you see anything?”
“No, Dad. I was still on the ground when the car took off. I hope the bastard rots in hell.”
Adam agreed with his son.

Gail was awake and watching television when Adam and Lydia walked into her room. Her face lit up when they sat next to her on the bed. Adam reached out to hold her hand. “How is my munchkin feeling today? How’s the pain in your leg?”
“It doesn’t hurt too much as long as they keep pumping whatever it is into this IV. Did Dr. David say when I can go home?”
“Why don’t I leave you alone with mommy for a few minutes and I’ll ask him.” Adam reached over to the foot of the bed and grabbed her patient chart. He quickly scanned her vitals, which all looked good. Her cognitive responses were normal, and there were no signs of a severe concussion. “Well, from what I can see, all of your vitals look normal, which I find hard to believe because we all know you are far from normal.”
Gail laughed as she held a pillow against her chest. “Don’t make me laugh Daddy, you know my ribs hurt!”
Adam patted her good leg. “Sorry sweetheart, I couldn’t help myself. Sit tight, and I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
As soon as Adam left the room, Gail sagged against the pillow. Her eyes grew moist with tears. “It hurts Mom, knowing he is not my real father. How am I supposed to live with the truth that I was an accident? Why did Uncle John do this to you? I hate him!”
Taken aback by her questions, Lydia swore to herself that she would put the past behind her, and focus on the health and happiness of her daughter. “I have been asking myself that same question for the past few days. For me, this just happened. The drug took away the memory. On some level, I have been trying to remember. Nightmares plagued me for years, and it was always the same dream. It wasn’t until I knew the truth that the dream became apparent.”
When Adam was unable to speak to David because he was in a meeting, he returned to his daughter’s room and stood by the door, giving Lydia time alone to talk with Gail. Her words stabbed his heart.
“I don’t know why he did this to me. We were friends for a long time before I married Daddy. You heard what he said yesterday, however; his explanation does nothing to resolve the anger I feel towards him. He took something precious from me, Gail. I looked forward to our first night as husband and wife. It meant something to me knowing that Adam would be the only man to touch my body.”
Lydia took hold of Gail’s hand. “I want you to look at me honey, and I want you to remember what I am about to say. Will you do this for me, Gail?”
“Yes, Mom, I will.”
“I remember the look on your father’s face when the doctor placed you in his arms for the very first time. You were so tiny and fragile. Adam was afraid to hold you and tried to give you back to the doctor.” Lydia laughed at the memory. “Every night he sat in your nursery and watched you while you slept. He was still completing his residency, and he never complained about being tired. He ran home after a long day and walked around the house with your tiny body cradled against his chest. He refused to put you down.”
“Honey, the definition of ‘father’ means many different things. For Adam, it means loving your child so completely; you would give your life to protect this precious life. Your dad loves you with every fiber of his being. Who sat with you when you were sick? Who took you to the park, the zoo, and all of the other places you dragged him to every weekend? Who cried when you started first grade? Who sat crying like a baby when you graduated from high school? It was your father. Being a father is much more than biology. Adam has shown you for the past eighteen years that he loves you. He will continue loving you until he takes his final breath.”
“I know what happened was horrible. I will never regret it because something beautiful arose from something ugly. I have my precious daughter, and I love you, Gail. You are my very best friend. I am so proud of the young women you’ve become. I want you to live your life to the fullest, and always remember that your mother and father will always love and support you.”
Those few words meant the world to Gail. It eased some of the pain she felt. She worried that her relationship with her father would change. Adam, who still stood outside her door crumbled and slumped to the floor. Gail and Lydia heard him crying and became concerned.
“Is that Daddy crying outside my door?” She looked horrified and covered her face with her hands.
“It’s ok honey. Let me talk to Daddy for a few minutes. Close your eyes and try to relax. Everything will be ok.” Lydia walked into the hallway and found Adam sitting on the floor. He had his face buried in his hands, and when Lydia touched his shoulder, he broke down again. “Honey, get up off the floor and come into Gail’s room. We need to be strong for each other. Did you hear what I said to her?”
“Yeah, I heard all of it. My heart is breaking Lydia. I hate seeing my baby upset because of that bastard! I swear I want to hurt him in the worst possible way.”
“The best way to hurt him is to ignore him. I refuse to play the victim. I also refuse to accept his apology. We have a loving marriage, and beautiful, talented children. I want him out of my life.”
Adam stood, reached for his wife’s hand and walked back into Gail’s room. Upon seeing her father, Gail opened her arms to him. Adam fell into her arms. “It’s ok Daddy. I know you love me, and you will always be my father. I don’t care how it happened. I’m just so happy you’re my dad.”
“These past few days have been a nightmare for us, honey. The accident and everything else has me somewhat weepy. I want you to know something Gail, and I never want you to forget it. I am your father, in every way that matters most. If your uncle tries to contact you, I want you to tell me. I do not want you alone in a room with him. Do you hear me? He is to stay away from you. I will protect you from him. I don’t want him upsetting you.”
Gail smiled at the thoughtful way her father protected her. “You are my knight in shining armor, willing to slay the dragon for me. I have to say, I like this evil side to you. It makes you look rugged.”
Adam stared at her dumbfounded for several seconds. He looked at Lydia, who just shook her head, and then, everyone laughed their asses off. It was a tremendous release of tension. “That’s right, daughter of mine. I will slay any dragon who hurts you, priest, or no priest. I will always protect you.” It was then that Gail’s stomach growled with hunger. “I think someone is hungry. Let’s ring for the nurse, and get something solid into your belly.”
While Gail was eating what she considered baby food, David entered the room. “Well young lady, I am happy to see you eating something.” The nurse followed behind him and took her vitals. “You are progressing on schedule Gail, but I want to keep you here for two more days to monitor the concussion.”
“How’s the leg, David?”
“It looks good. I took another x-ray earlier this morning. The pins are in place, and I anticipate Gail will be in a cast for at least eight weeks. I want to see her in two weeks for another x-ray. Once I remove the cast, she’ll need to wear a boot for another four weeks at a minimum. I want her non-weight bearing until the boot comes off. At that point, we can discuss therapy. Her leg muscles will atrophy during this time, and treatment will be uncomfortable.”
“Her mother and I will take good care of her.”
He turned to Gail and said, “We will always take care of you, sweetheart.”
“What about college?”
“I spoke to Mr. Lawrence yesterday. I have already arranged to have CCTV camera installed in all of your classes. You will have a front row seat, and not miss anything. When you are in therapy, your mother will record the lessons for you. Don’t worry about anything honey. Bobby and I will remove everything out of the family room, and this weekend, we will move your bed and clothes into the house. That room will look like a classroom by the time school begins in September.”
Tears pricked Gail’s eyes, and she covered her face with her hands and cried. Adam gathered her in his strong arms and kissed her forehead. He whispered in her ear, “Always remember that I love you, and I want you to be happy. As we speak, your brother is putting together a new desk for you. Pray he doesn’t kill himself.”
“Thank you, Daddy. I was so afraid I would miss my first semester. So, I get a new desk, how about a new laptop?”
Adam hugged her hard. “Whatever you want munchkin, we’ll buy one for you on the way home.”

Adam called Bobby as they were leaving the parking garage. “Have you made progress with the desk?”
“Yeah, it was a bitch to put together. That goddamn glass top is thick. I had to call Matt to help me, but it looks good. How’s Gail?”
“She’s much better today. David wants to keep her in the hospital for a few more days to monitor the concussion.”
“That’s great. I miss her Dad. It feels strange not having her in the house.”
“I know son. We all miss her. Your mother and I just left the hospital. We are going to Best Buy to purchase a new laptop for your sister. Would you also like a new laptop?”
“Are you for real? Hell yes, I would love a new laptop.”
Adam laughed. “Consider it a done deal.”
Bobby was silent for several seconds. “Um, Dad, can you put me on speaker phone.”
Adam handed the phone to Lydia. “Ok son, we can hear you.”
“I moved some of my things and a sleeping bag into Gail’s new room. She may need something during the night, and I want to be close to her. She can kick me out when she gets sick of looking at me.”
Silence filled the air. “Bobby, are you still on the phone?”
Bobby cleared his throat. “Yeah, I’m still here. Mom, Dad, I love you.”
Adam reached over to squeeze Lydia’s hand. In unison, they said, “We love you too.”
Emotions ran high as Adam continued driving. Lydia spoke first. “We have two fantastic children.”
All Adam could say was, “Yes, we do,” because if he continued speaking, he would lose it again.
Chapter 12
It is well after the final meal of the day when I sneak into the rectory like an ordinary criminal. The light in Father O’Connell’s office is off so I can assume he has retired for the night. I cannot face anyone. The acid in my stomach makes it impossible for me to eat. I need time alone to pray, to meditate on the best way to resolve this problem. Everyone in my family, except Mary, hates me. I knew it was a mistake returning to this parish. I never imagined just how difficult it would be, and it is testing my faith.
Father O’Connell heard John’s footsteps as he walked towards the church. He gave John several minutes for private meditation and proceeded to follow him. Father Brady lay prone on the hard marble floor, face down, arms outstretched in front of the altar. He cringed at the image of John lying prone on the cold marble floor. It had been many years since he’d witnessed a priest offering himself up for absolution in such a fashion.
John heard the metal clacking of his cane and rose from his position. He quickly wiped the tears from his face. Walking over to Father O’Connell, he helped him into one of the pews.
“Why are you crying John?”
“Where do I begin? I feel something changing within me, Father, and it scares me. So much of my past has come to the surface, and I do not know how to handle the turmoil. I hurt so many people, and I have no one but myself to blame. I ran from my problems. I ran from so many things, and now…now…Dear Lord, please give me the strength to accept what cannot be changed. I want to run away Father. I want to hide again, and I know that no matter how far I run; this will follow me.”
“Are you saying you no longer desire the life Our Lord has chosen for you?”
“No, I don’t know what I am saying. I need time alone. I need to think about everything. Knowing I fathered a child has changed me. It’s brought to the surface feelings and desires long since buried.”
“Running from your problems solves nothing. Draw on Our Lord’s strength to see you through this turmoil. Find your inner strength and all will be clear to you. Have faith, John. Our Lord will guide your path.”
I watch Father O’Connell leave the church, and I breathe a heavy sigh of relief. I need time alone to think. I cannot think because everyone is looking at me. I escape to my small room and lie on the bed. I lay awake staring at the ceiling fan. Round and round it goes, just like a carousel. Sleep escapes me. I walk to the end of the hallway and enter the small chapel. The room is quiet and I let my mind drift to memories of the past. I am flooded with self-doubt. Am I actually hiding behind the walls of the church? Am I using the clergy to escape punishment? Lydia fears me, I can see it written all over her face, and the fact that I am the cause of that fear makes me physically ill. For the first time since I took my vows, I wonder if I made the correct decision. This sudden moment of clarity has cleared my mind. I know what I must do.
I walk back to my room and sit down at my desk. I retrieve a piece of paper and write down a few words that will forever change my life. “I officially request laicization.” I take off my collar and place it on top of the document. What few belongs I have I pack quickly and quietly leave the rectory.

I call Mary when I regain the ability to speak. The sudden and abrupt departure from a life that I found comforting for so long feels strange. “I have nowhere to go Mary, and I need help. I left a note in my room stating that I want to resign from my life of service. I cannot face God and my parishioners when I feel like a rapist. I though I resolved all of these feelings a long time ago. Seeing Gail and knowing that she is my daughter has brought it all to the surface. Lydia fears me, and I cannot live with myself knowing that I once again hurt everyone. I don’t know what to do.”
“Are you sure you are making the right decision? It’s not wise deciding something so important when you are upset. If I give you some advice, would you listen to me, John?”
“Yes, Mary, I will listen to you.”
“I want you to sit down with Mom and Dad, and discuss what you told me yesterday. You have to face them, John. You have been running from everyone, and avoiding the real issue. How will you heal the problems with Lydia and Adam if you do not address all of it? I’ll call Mom and Dad and ask them to come over to my house. You have to face this John, or you will spend the remainder of your life running. Can you do this for me?”
“Yes, Mary, I will do this, but can you also call Adam and Lydia? I want them to hear what I have to say.”
“I’ll call them as soon as I hang up.”
“Thank you, Mary. I’ll see you soon.”

Colin lost his temper when he walked into Mary’s house and saw John sitting in the living room. “What the fuck is he doing here? Did you call him Mary?”
“Dad, shut up and sit down. I don’t want to hear anything you have to say. Do you hear me?”
“What did you say to me? Shut up? I’m still your father, and you will respect me!”
“This is my house!” Mary spat out. “And you will watch your language!”
Adam heard the yelling as he walked in the front door. “What the hell is going on in here? Why are you yelling at each other?”
Colin pointed to John. “I don’t want him in this house. Either he leaves or I leave.”
“No one is leaving,” Mary said. “If you walk out of this house, don’t come back.”
“Oh, great, this day keeps getting more fucked-up!”
Margaret growled to him, “Will you please shut your goddamn mouth for once in your life!”
Mary stood before her family, her back as stiff as steel. She turned her icy stare towards her father. “I have asked all of you here today because I want to clear the air. I met with John yesterday, and he told me something that shook me to the core. I want all of you to listen to what he has to say. We will have ample time later to discuss what has been said.”
John stood before everyone and prayed for strength. “First, let me say that I have informed Father O’Connell of my decision to leave the priesthood. Returning to Philadelphia was not my decision, and I knew I would have to face all of you eventually. I relive the unfortunate events of the past with shame and disgust.”
Looking at Colin and Margaret, he said, “I knew at an early age that I was different. I felt it in the way you interacted with me. I never understood the indifference I felt from both of you. Everything changed after Mary and Adam were born, and I began to resent them. You provided a roof over my head and food on the table, but you never made me feel loved. I felt like an outsider, and in hindsight, it was the beginning of many problems in my life.”
“Imagine my surprise, when at the age of sixteen, I found my adoption papers in a steamer trunk in the basement. I finally understood why I felt different. I finally realized my place within the family.”
He looked directly at Lydia. “The one solid relationship I had in my life was our friendship. I loved you and wanted to share my life with you. I knew you did not have those feelings for me, and I hoped that with time, you would love me. My dreams died the day you left me for Adam. I felt empty inside, and I had no outlet, no one to talk to who could help me to accept that I would never have a relationship with you.”
“I was already drinking and taking drugs and I know it was the catalyst for our relationship ending so abruptly. No one noticed my constant state of intoxication. No one cared to find out what was wrong with me. I roamed the streets at night looking for my next fix. I barely held onto my job. My faith dictates that I forgive the sinner, however; the heart of a lonely child still dwells within me. I find it difficult living with this rejection.”
John knelt before Lydia and held her hands. “Lydia, I have lived the past nineteen years regretting my actions. I know you fear me, and knowing this will haunt me for the remainder of my life. I want you to be happy Lydia. I want to wipe away that look of fear on your face. I want this turmoil to end, but I don’t know how. I realize now I can never escape the past. It haunts me to the point of madness. I beg you Lydia; please forgive me. I am a changed man. I will gladly endure criminal prosecution if that will ease your pain.”
“Gail is a beautiful young woman, but I will never be her father.” He turned to Adam and said, “You will always be her dad. I do not want to be a part of her life. My presence will only confuse and upset her. Knowing what I did to her mother and the circumstances of her conception are upsetting enough. My presence will be a constant reminder.”
Lydia leaned against her husband for support. “You have to understand John, that in my mind, this just happened to me. You have had nineteen years to come to terms with what happened between us. I need time to process these feelings.”
“I understand Lydia. I only hope and pray that one day, you will forgive me.”
John released her hands and stood before Colin and Margaret. “I want to thank you for taking care of me. It was never my intention to bring shame to our family.”
Colin sat in stunned silence. So now, the family knew the truth. It somehow liberated his tongue. “I want you to know that Margaret and I did care for you. I can’t change the past. If we somehow made you feel left out, I am sorry. You were a difficult child. Nothing we did would make you happy. You know how it was between us. Everything we said made you angry. You always fought with your brother and sister. Is it so difficult understanding why we felt indifferent? I couldn’t take it anymore and let you do whatever you wanted. You had the potential to be an excellent young man, but you threw away any chance of a happy life when you raped Lydia. I don’t care what you do now. I just want you to leave us alone. Go back to California.”
Everyone in the room sat in stunned silence as they absorbed Colin’s words. John’s face was ashen white. “Colin, where is this anger coming from? This goes beyond what happened with Lydia. Your rejection affected my life. Is it so impossible to comprehend that your actions and lack of parenting molded my young life? I remember how it was when I was a child. You had no patience for me. You had no time for me, and when I would say something, it always ended with an argument.”
“Are you blaming me for your fucked-up life? Did I force you to become an addict?”
“No Colin. Ultimately, the fault lies with me. You, however, hold part of the blame. Had you been an active role model in my life, I would have made better choices in my life. None of this matters now. As you’ve said, we cannot change the past. The last thing I want is another argument.”
Colin walked over to Lydia and reached for her hand. She recoiled from his touch, and the shock of her rejection hurt him deeply. “I am sorry honey for hurting you. In hindsight, we made the wrong decision. I hope that one day you can forgive us. It saddens me knowing you gave birth to his child.”
Margaret burst into tears. “How can you say that about your grand-daughter?”
“She is not my grand-daughter.”
Adam leaped from his seat and came face to face with his father. “If you ever say such a thing in front of Gail, I will ram my fist down your fucking throat. Gail is my daughter, and if you can’t accept this as fact, I want you to stay the fuck away from all of us. My family is my primary concern.”
“Please everyone,” John said, “Take a step back and calm down. Arguing with each other solves nothing. Once the process of laicization is complete, and I am no longer a priest, I will return to California. I do not want to cause further stress within the family.”
Adam walked over to John and said, “I think it is a good idea to step back and think about your decision. Where will you live?”
“He can live with me,” Mary said.
Colin grabbed Margaret’s hand and headed for the door. “I am done talking about this. Your mother and I made the only decision we could at the time, and if all of you hate us, well, I guess we will have to live with it.” He turned and dragged his wife out of the house.
Everyone stood staring at the door as Colin and Margaret left the room. Mary sat down and covered her face with her hands. Adam sat next to her and gathered his sister in his strong arms. She leaned against him and took comfort from their connection. “So many secrets,” Adam whispered to her. Looking up at John, he said, “How could they keep so many secrets from all of us? How have we not seen any of this while living in their house?”
John shook his head. “I have seen more than I care to share with all of you. While the mistakes of the past do not excuse my behavior, I hope you now have a better understanding of what drove me to my actions. I continually pray for forgiveness.”
At that moment, Father Brady’s phone chimed. Looking at the screen, he saw Father O’Connell’s name on the screen. “Hello, Father O’Connell.”
“Father Brady, I am distressed and concerned to see the note you left in your room.”
“I am sorry Father. I do not want to upset you. I need a few days to come to terms with my past.”
“Where will you go, John? The church is your home. Please do not do something irrational without first speaking to me. Do I have your promise, Father?”
“Yes, Father O’Connell. I will return to the rectory by the end of the weekend. I want to spend a few days alone with my sister.”
“God bless you, John. Take comfort in His presence and come to terms with your past. You are an asset to the church, and I do not want to lose you.”
“Thank you, Father O’Connell. Your words touch my heart.”
Lydia felt something shift within her. Today was the first time she’d spent a significant amount of time with John, and she saw the change in him. The panic and fear she felt being near him eased somewhat. “I think we all need a few days to digest what we’ve learned today. Let’s take a few days, and we’ll talk again on Friday. All of you are welcomed to have dinner with us. I think it’s time we went home.”
John was shocked and happy to have received the invitation. Nodding his acceptance, he left the room. Mary followed him into the kitchen.
“What are you going to do John? How long can you stay with me?”
“I have until the end of the weekend. I must focus on Adam, Lydia, and Gail. I love all of them Mary, and I must find a way to heal the wounds. I know I will never be a part of their life. Gail is a beautiful young woman, and she deserves to live a happy life. I do not want the shame of my sin following her for the remainder of her life. Adam is her father, in every way that matters most.”
Mary leaned into her brother. “I am so proud of you John. You have found your calling in life, and I want you to think about leaving the church. You have a compassionate heart, and your parishioners need you. I need you, and maybe someday soon, my brother will realize what an incredible man you are. ‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.’ We are all sinners John, and the real test of our faith is to forgive the sinner.”
John felt his heart constrict. “I am so happy to have you in my life. I pray every day that Adam and his family will finally find it in their hearts to forgive me.”
Adam and Lydia were in the dining room and heard the two of them talking. Adam leaned into her. “He’s a different man Lydia. I can hear it in his voice. Are you comfortable having him in our house?”
Lydia nodded her head. “You heard what he said, Adam. We must get past this. I do not want our daughter haunted by this. I hope that with time, she will be comfortable being around John.”
Adam held her close. “This is one of the many reasons why I love you.”
“I love you too, Adam.”

Colin parked the car slammed his fist into the steering wheel. Margaret looked at him with disgust. Both of them are responsible for what happened today. “Sitting there hitting the steering wheel is not going to resolve the issue. We made a terrible mistake. We should have told the family when it first happened.”
“I know all of this Maggie. Why bring it up now? I have to live with this, and it’s killing me. Did you see the look on Mary’s face? She hates me, and I don’t blame her.”
“Let’s not forget about John. What he said today is the truth. You were indifferent to him once the twins were born. I tried to tell you this a thousand times over the years. You have a wicked temper, and it hasn’t gotten better with age.”
“I know Maggie. Don’t you think I realize how I fucked up his life? You know how we struggled when the kids were young. I always worked long hours. John was always a problem child, and my patience wore thin. I don’t see how bringing up all of this shit solves anything.”
Maggie sighed. “It’s time we put the past behind us and deal with what’s going on now. How could you say such a terrible thing about Gail?”
Remorse crept up his neck. “I knew it was wrong as soon as it came out of my mouth. I thought Adam would hit me.”
“You deserve his anger. None of this is Gail’s fault. You know she is a beautiful young woman. You need to apologize to Adam and Lydia.”
“I know, and I will apologize.”

This day has been so stressful. I just want to close my eyes and drift off into nothingness. Mary is so wonderful. She opened her house to me and I will be forever grateful. I follow my sister up the stairs and into the guest bedroom. My legs feel like rubber, and I find it difficult putting one foot in front of the other. Once I sit on the bed, I feel what energy I have left leave me. When Mary kissed me goodnight and closed the door, I quickly undress and collapse onto the bed.
Hours later, Mary stood in the doorway and watched her brother sleep. The worry lines disappeared from his face, and he looked like a young boy. She prayed her brother would not leave the church. She wanted John to find peace through acceptance and move forward with his life. Mary was proud of her brother, proud that he had the courage to leave a life and family that held so many bad memories, and make a new life for himself.
Adam and Lydia drove home in silence. Taking a detour, they drove to the hospital to see Gail. “Hey, you too, what are you doing here so late at night? Have you come to take me home early?”
Adam laughed. “Not so fast young lady. We will be back in the morning to spring you from this joint. How are you feeling munchkin?”
“Not bad. My leg is throbbing, but the medication takes away most of the discomfort. My headache is finally easing up, and I can almost think straight. The pain meds mess up my mind. I hope I won’t need them much longer. I don’t like feeling spaced out.”
“Once you come home, we can adjust the medication. I don’t want you taking it while you are alone in the house. Bobby has agreed to stay with you for a few days.”
“Yeah, I don’t feel good about being alone in the house. Besides, I want to be close to both of you. We still have some things to discuss.”
Lydia sat down next to her daughter. “Whatever you want to know, your father and I will answer truthfully. We will have no secrets in this family.” She looked at Adam for confirmation. “We love you, and we only want what’s best for you.”
“Would you be upset if I asked to see Uncle John? I also have questions for him.”
Adam wanted to scream no a thousand times, and as the anger grew once again, he remembered the conversation they heard earlier that day. The anger left him. It was time for the healing process to begin.
“We had a very troubling meeting with your grandparents, Uncle John and Aunt Mary. We need to tell you what we discussed.” Adam held nothing back from his daughter, and an hour later, he felt drained and tired.
Gail was shocked and saddened by what she had heard. “I don’t know what to say. Why did granny and gramps keep the adoption a secret?”
“I don’t know honey. Your mother invited everyone to dinner on Friday. You’ll have a chance to speak to him after dinner.”
Chapter 13
Bright sunlight woke John from a deep sleep. He smiled when he realized he was in his sister’s house. He glanced at his watch and was surprised to see that it was ten in the morning. He felt at peace for the first time in many years. Rising from the bed, he noticed a laundry basket at the foot of the bed, with a note neatly folded on top of a pile of clothes. It was a letter from his sister. “I bought these clothes for you,” the letter said. “Take a shower and meet me in the kitchen. I want to cook breakfast for you. Love, Mary.”
“Love Mary,” the note said. Those two words felt like a vice squeezing his heart. His sister loved him, and it was a humbling feeling. He quickly showered and ran down to the kitchen. He felt different as if an enormous weight disappeared from his shoulders. His mind thought back to the events of the previous day. The truth was out in the open, and once he decided how to proceed, he hoped to continue his life as a priest. John regretted his decision to resign and called Father O’Connell.
“Good morning, Father Brady. How are you feeling today?”
“I feel fine Father O’Connell, but I will feel much better if you would destroy my note. I wrote it when I was upset, and I sincerely regret it in the light of day.”
Father O’Connell laughed into to the phone. “I tore it up last night. I refuse to accept your resignation.”
Relief flooded John. “Thank you. I reacted in a moment of weakness. I apologize if I caused you concern. I am at my sister’s house, and I need time with her before I return to the rectory. I am officially requesting a sabbatical. I must resolve the conflicts within my family.”
“I will have Father Mallard prepare the paperwork. Stop by my office tomorrow, and we will formalize the request. You have made the correct decision John. The church needs you. Be with God Father Brady. I will pray for your family.”
Mary is sitting at the kitchen table drinking a cup of coffee and working the crossword puzzle. She looked up and smiled when she hears me enter the room. Rising from her seat, she walks over to me and wraps her arms around me. “I love you John and I’m happy you are here with me.”
“When I saw your note this morning, I almost cried because it has been a long time since anyone said they loved me. Thank you for welcoming me into your home. I am happy to be here.”
“Oh, John, you have no idea how happy I am to have you here with me. Now, sit down while I cook your breakfast. What would you like this morning? I have eggs, bacon, hot and cold cereal, waffles, and pancakes.”
Realizing that he had not eaten in almost twenty-four hours, his stomach let him know he was starving. “If it is not too much trouble, I’d like three eggs, three slices of bacon, four pancakes, and three pieces of toast. I’d also like something else.”
“How much food could you possibly eat?”
“I don’t want food. I want a kiss from my sister.”
Mary covered her face with her hands and cried. John walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her. “Hush Mary, please don’t cry.”
“These are happy tears.” Several minutes and a dozen kisses later, John sat with his sister and shared their first meal together in many years. “Tell me the truth John; do you like being a priest?”
“I do now Mary, but when I first entered the seminary, I struggled. My life as a priest has been rewarding. Looking back, I realized I had an empty place in my heart where love for my family should have been. I have conflicting emotions regarding Margaret and Colin. I do appreciate that they cared for me, and I wish circumstances could have been different. I deserved to know the truth about my adoption. I was an immature, drunken young man, who made many mistakes that can never be taken back.”
“My wish is to heal the wounds and move on with my life. Whether I do that here in Philadelphia or some other parish is yet to be determined. I spoke to Father O’Connell earlier this morning, and I have requested a sabbatical. Apparently, he destroyed the resignation note that I left in my room.”
“Are you actually considering leaving the priesthood?”
“I don’t know. My emotions are strangling me, and I need time to think. I knew seeing Lydia again after so many years would be difficult. Knowing I fathered a child excites and terrifies me. Knowing that a part of me will live on after I leave this life is comforting to me. I am afraid to be near her. I know she has questions that only I can answer. What do I say to her? How do I convey my remorse? Will she hate me?”
Mary moved closer to her brother and wrapped an arm around his tense shoulders. “Start at the beginning and speak from the heart. I know you are sorry for what happened, and how you hurt Lydia. Gail will either accept or reject your apology. What you must do is accept and live with that decision. You are not the same person who hurt Lydia. You live your life to serve others. Think of the many people whose lives were changed because you touched them spiritually. You are a good man John, and it is time to forgive yourself and live your life free of guilt. I only ask that you consider staying in Philadelphia. I need my brother in my life. I’m not getting any younger, and I want you near me.”
Unable to speak, John nodded his head and leaned into his sister.

Gail’s entire family showed up at the hospital to take her home. She smiled when all three of them entered her room. She was sitting in a wheelchair, with her bag on her lap. Adam bent down to kiss her forehead. “I see someone is in a hurry to get out of here.”
“You have no idea how much I want to leave this place. I’ve had enough poking, prodding, and x-rays to last a lifetime.”
Bobby stood in the doorway, and he looked as if he were afraid to enter her room. Sensing his uneasiness, she shouted to him, “Hey dorkface, why are you standing in the doorway? Get your ass over here and wheel me out of this room. I hear you’ve been working hard getting my room ready for me. I’ll let you know if I approve once we get home. Come on big guy, get me out of here.”
Bobby smiled as he walked over to his sister. He bent down to kiss her. “I’m sorry this happened you, and I’ll help you in any way that I can. I feel responsible because I wasn’t paying attention to our surroundings.”
“It’s not your fault Bobby. It was an accident. I’ve had surgery, and in time, the leg will be as good as new. You, however, will suffer my wrath indefinitely. I intend to beat the crap out of you playing poker. I hope you have enough money because very soon, it will belong to me.”
Adam and Lydia looked at each other and smiled. Lydia said, “Ok children, be nice to each other. The two of you will be living in close quarters for several weeks.”
Gail sighed. “Oh Mom, you take the fun out of everything.” And with that statement, they all laughed.
David heard the laughter as he entered Gail’s room. “Ok young lady, I have your discharge papers. I need you to sign where indicated, and you will be officially free to leave our lovely hospital.”
Gail happily signed her name and reached for her bag. Bobby carefully wheeled her out into the hallway. David turned to Adam and said, “Her pain meds are in her overnight bag. Keep an eye on her for at least a week for any residual signs of the concussion. If she develops symptoms, bring her to the ER. I’ve scheduled a follow-up appointment three weeks from today. I want another x-ray of the leg. No weight bearing on the leg. I want her in that chair if she needs to move around the house. You can take it with you and return it later. If her healing progresses on schedule, she will be out of the cast and in a boot in about eight to ten weeks.”
Adam shook David’s hand. “Thank you for taking such good care of my daughter. I’ll be home with her for the next week. I have plenty of vacation time, and I think I need one.”

The drive home was animated and loud. Gail, sitting with her leg on the back seat and leaning against her brother, never stopped talking. She always did this when she was nervous. Bobby whispered to her, “Relax runt, we’re almost home. Wait until you see how we transformed the family room. It looks great with all of the new stuff Dad bought for you. Oh, and get this, I also have a new laptop. We had the CCTV hooked up this morning.”
No longer animated, Gail covered her face with her hands and cried. Bobby held her tighter and kissed the back of her head. “Relax Gail; we’ll take good care of you. I’ll be with you for as long as you need me.”
Gail squeezed the hand that was holding her and closed her eyes. Bobby felt her relax as sleep enveloped her. Lydia turned around to look at her children. She blew a kiss to her son and mouthed, “Love you.”
Gail was still asleep when Adam pulled into the driveway. Bobby gently shook her awake. “We’re home Gail.” Adam opened the back door of the car and between the two of them, lifted her out of the back seat and into the wheelchair. Mary was waiting for her niece with a bouquet of roses in her hand.
Gail smiled when she saw Mary. “Are those roses for me? I feel like a princess.”
“You are our princess,” Adam whispered as he wheeled Gail into the house and to the family room. Gail’s audible gasp let everyone know that she approved the remodel. “Wow, this place looks fantastic. Oh, look at my desk. Is that the CCTV monitor?”
“Yes. The school delivered it yesterday. Your textbooks will be here next week. Everything will be set up for you to begin classes on September 6th.”
Overwhelmed once again by her father’s efficiency, Gail fought back the tears. “Thanks, Daddy for taking care of this for me. I don’t know what I would do if I missed my first semester.”
“Let’s get you into bed, and then we can discuss your roster. All of your teachers are willing to adjust your schedule if therapy gets in the way. I will make sure that your therapy is in the morning before class begins. I’ll hire a home nurse aide to drive you there, and your mother will monitor whatever classes you miss. Together, we will make sure everything runs smoothly. I don’t want you to worry about any of it. Your mother and I work like a well-oiled machine.” Adam sat on the side of the bed while Lydia stood next to him. “There is nothing that your mother or I wouldn’t do for our sweet daughter. We love you, honey. Always remember.”
Looking over to see Bobby standing in the doorway, she whispered, “Does Bobby know?”
Adam shook his head. “Your mother and I will talk to him today. John and Aunt Mary are coming over for dinner on Friday. I don’t want him sucker punched. Now, close your eyes and take a nap. Mom will wake you when lunch is ready.” Everyone left the room as Gail drifted off to sleep.
Concerned, Bobby asked, “Is Gail ok? She looks a little tense.”
Lydia reached out for his hand. “Come with us Bobby. We need to speak to you privately.” Bobby looked to his father for guidance. A slight nod told him everything he needed to know. He followed his parents into the kitchen.
Once seated, Lydia held his hand tightly. “Your father and I have discovered something about our past that while terribly upsetting, does not change the fact that we love our children. I have struggled this past week now that I know the truth, and your father and I want to tell you what happened.”
“Before I met your dad, I dated someone whom I considered my best friend. We had fun together, and when he told me he loved me, I told him I did not have those feelings for him. He laughed it off, and I thought that was the end of the discussion. We were together with friends when I met Adam. I knew almost immediately that he was the one for me. I never felt so connected to another person, and I wanted him in my life.”
“I ended the relationship with the other person, and Adam and I dated exclusively. In a matter of months, we were talking about getting married. I was so happy and wanted everyone around me to share in our happiness. Your father and I married a few months after he started his residency.”
“I remained friends with my former boyfriend. He gave no indication that his feelings for me were nothing more than friendly. I liked having him around, and I enjoyed his company. On the night of your father’s twenty-eighth birthday, Adam had to work. I had made a special dinner and invited his parents. I also asked my friend and he stayed when everyone left our apartment.”
Bobby felt his mother’s hand shake beneath his. Taking a deep breath, she continued. “This is difficult for me Bobby, but I want you to know the truth. I had no memory of this until last weekend. My friend put something in my drink, and when I was unable to stop him, he had sex with me. In my drugged state, I thought Adam was making love to me. I woke up the next morning with the worst hangover that I have ever had.”
“Life went on and I thought nothing of it. A few weeks later, we found out I was pregnant with Gail. It was the happiest time of my life Bobby. I wanted so much to be a mother, to have my husband’s child growing inside my body.”
“We discovered the truth shortly after Gail had the accident. Bobby, there is no easy way to tell you the truth, so I am just going to say it. The friend that I was referring to is Uncle John. Apparently, he was still in love with me, and when I married Adam, he snapped. He started drinking heavily and taking drugs. He drugged my wine, Bobby. He decided to become a priest because he wanted to run from the truth.”
“When David found inconsistencies in Gail’s bloodwork that did not match her medical records, we were worried because it was possible that the hospital switched babies. Your father assured me that the hospital would not make such a mistake. When John donated blood for Gail’s surgery, David ran the necessary testing for donor blood. He found markers in his blood that matched Gail, which promoted him to run a DNA test. John is Gail’s biological father. We have the DNA test as proof. Gail overheard Adam and John arguing outside her hospital room. It was awful Bobby. Seeing my daughter so distraught broke me.”
Unable to continue, Lydia rose from her seat and left the kitchen. Bobby stood to follow her and felt Adam grab his arm. “Give her a few minutes son. Your mother is struggling. Her memories came back in full force a few days ago. That was when you heard her screaming.”
“Can we press charges against him? Has the statute of limitation expired on a rape crime? I want him to suffer for what he did to my mother.”
“He is suffering Bobby. His conscience has followed him for nineteen years. He wrote a letter to Mom and Dad, confessing what he had done but never told them the name of the person he hurt. For some unknown reason, they chose to keep it a secret from us. Had we known the letter existed, it may have prompted a memory from your mother.”
“This is utterly unbelievable. How could they keep something like this a secret? Did the drug literally wipe out her memory?”
“Yes it did, however, subconsciously; your mother has been trying to remember what happened. She’s had nightmares for many years, and once she discovered the truth, her memory returned in a dream.”
“What can I do Dad? I feel helpless!”
“I want you to do what you’ve always done Bobby. Love your family. Tell your sister that you love her. Be supportive of your mother. She will need all of our strength to get through this.”
Adam rose from his seat. “I need to check on Mom, and I want you to check on Gail. I told her that we were going to tell you the truth.”
Bobby nodded and walked back to the family room. Gail was channel surfing. He walked over to the bed, and she patted the mattress. “Sit next to me big guy. We need to talk. Did you speak to Mom and Dad?”
“Yeah, I talked to them. I can’t believe it!”
“I know. Imagine how I feel hearing all of this!”
“I can’t even imagine how I would react.”
“I’m so upset, but I try not to show it because Mom and Dad are struggling with this. How do you feel Bobby? Does this change our relationship?”
“Hell no, who else can I irritate? Your nagging and whiny voice are music to my ears. We are a team runt; always remember that we are a united front against the evil forces in the world.”
“You sound like a science fiction geek at some convention.”
“I am a force of nature, and don’t you forget it.”

He found Lydia sitting on the deck in her favorite chair. This was her favorite spot in the house, a place where she found peace and solitude. Adam knelt before her and she opened her legs to him. He moved forward, sank into her soft body, and kissed the nape of her neck. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah, that was difficult Adam. Having to tell my son what happened to me has changed me.”
“How has it changed you?”
Lydia sighed. “It’s made me realize that I cannot change what has happened, no matter how long I hold on to the anger. I don’t want to walk around the house acting like the victim. I don’t want them worrying about me every day of the week. I don’t want them constantly afraid to say something to me for fear of upsetting me. I don’t want this affecting their lives.”
“While I agree with you, I also worry that you’re not dealing with the issue. Are you pushing this aside for the sake of the children?”
“Yes and no. I’ve thought long and hard on how to deal with this. Do I seek therapy? Do I hide in my room and cry all day? Do I seek revenge? Forgiveness isn’t easy. John betrayed my trust and hurt me physically. Now, nineteen years later, he has hurt me emotionally. I don’t want to make myself sick over this. I want to get past the anger and resentment because at the end of the day, I look at our daughter and I thank God she is in our lives. I don’t want this anger to darken my soul.”
“You are an amazing woman Lydia. I knew it the day I married you, and twenty years later, you are still the center of my universe. Your strength amazes me. I love you honey, and I am glad you have found peace with what happened so long ago. You are right when you say you do not want this to affect the children. They are still impressionable, and if we do not handle this correctly, they will suffer. I don’t want that to happen to them.”
“Neither do I, Adam. They are my lifeline to this world, and I’ll do whatever is necessary to protect them. Nothing will destroy our family.”
Chapter 14
John felt wrestles and irritated. His meeting earlier that day with Father Mallard depressed him.
“Father Brady; I will approve your request for a sabbatical on one condition. I want you to sign a confidentiality agreement. What happened in your past must never be discussed.”
John looked down at the agreement. “I don’t understand why I have to sign this. I already informed you I would not discuss this with anyone. This feels like blackmail, and I refuse to sign it.”
“If you refuse to sign this document, Father Brady, you will be stripped of all clerical duties until you comply. As you know, we cannot have another scandal. If the facts surrounding Gail’s parentage were made public, it would not only cause great distress for The Cardinal, but it would bring shame to this church. You must sign!”
“I will not sign, Father Mallard. You will not force me to comply with something that I do not agree with. Do you honestly think I wish to discuss this with anyone other than my family? Do you really believe I want to disgrace the church, to hurt my daughter? I have lived with this for nineteen years.”
“And this is why we have a problem. You referred to Gail as your daughter. You hid this truth from me! Why would you do that Father Brady? A lie of omission is a sin.”
“I did not hide the truth from anyone. It is in my file for all to see. The fact that I do not wish to discuss it should be obvious. I should not be at fault for your lack of due diligence.” At that moment, John knew with certainty that his life as a priest would end. Once again, secrecy suffocated him.
“As I have said, Father Mallard, I will not sign your document. If by not signing, my life as a priest ends, then so be it. In my heart, signing it signifies that Gail is not worthy of God’s love. I know that I can never acknowledge her as my daughter. Adam is her father, and he loves her. In the eyes of God, he knows the truth and by signing your document, you are asking me to negate her existence, and that I will not do. Now, if you will excuse me, I will pack my belongings and leave the rectory. I will leave the keys to the van on the table by the door.”
“You are making a grave mistake, Father Brady.”
“That may be so. However, Gail is not a mistake. What I did was morally and criminally wrong. However, my daughter is a precious gift from God. Her young life is pure, and I will not tarnish it with my transgression. Your letter devalues her life. I have made my decision, and I ask that you accept it.”
I am in a state of shock. My life as a priest is over. Father Mallard will not force me to sign that agreement. I would rather walk away from the only life I’ve known rather than devalue Gail’s life.
After packing my few belongings, I leave the rectory and realize I have no transportation. I call Mary. “Can you pick me up outside the church? I no longer have a car.”
“What happened, John? You sound funny.”
“My life as a priest ended today.” I relay the conversation I had with Father Mallard. “I don’t know what to do Mary. The priesthood has been my life for nineteen years. In my heart, I could not sign his letter. I am tired of burying the past. It is eating away at my soul. Please, I cannot discuss this. Can you pick me up?”
“Stay where you are. I’ll be there in thirty minutes.”

Jennifer Harrison was unpacking the flowers she intended to plant in the church’s garden when she saw Father Brady sitting on the steps outside the church. He looked troubled, and she hesitated to approach him. They’d had a few brief conversations over the last few weeks, and John asked her if she had the time volunteer a few hours a week to work in the garden. Jennifer loved gardening and happily agreed to help. After she had unpacked the car, she walked over to Father Brady.
John sat on the church steps and waited for his sister. All of his plans for this parish came to a screeching end. His life once again took a detour, only this time, he was at peace with his decision. It surprised him to see Jennifer Harrison sit down next to him. She reached out to touch his arm.
“Father Brady, are you alright? You look sick.”
Startled, John turned to face her. “No, Mrs. Harrison, I am not fine.”
“What happened? Can I help you?”
Can she help me? I want so much to unload the weight that is crushing me. “Have you ever made a decision knowing that it would change your life to protect someone you love?”
“Haven’t we all made that decision at one time or another in our life? I know I have. What happened Father Brady? Please know that you can trust me. I would never betray your trust.”
“Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Harrison. I appreciate your kindness.”
“Please call me Jennifer. Mrs. Harrison is my mother-in-law. Give me your phone.”
John handed the phone to her, and she programmed her number. “If you need a friend, please call me.”

As John watched her walk away, he looked down at his phone. He did need a friend, someone that he could confide in, someone that he could trust. Could he trust her? Deep in thought, he did not hear Mary’s question.
“John, did you hear me?” She noticed the suitcase sitting on the ground. “Are you going somewhere?”
“Please sit for a moment and I will tell you what happened this morning.” I once again tell my sister what happened this morning. How many times do I have to discuss this?
“So, does this mean you are no longer a priest?”
“The process of being released from my obligation is not that simple. It will be several months before the church releases me from my duties. As of today, I can no longer perform services. I have no other choice. That letter was an insult to not only my faith, but to Gail. Everyone wants to ignore the truth. I am Gail’s father, and it hurts more than I can say that I will never be a part of her life.”
“Come home with me. You can live with me until you are released from your obligation to the church. Are you anxious about having dinner with Lydia? We can cancel if you feel uncomfortable?”
“No, I want to have dinner with them. I want to resolve this turmoil and move on with my life. I am happy they feel comfortable enough to invite me into their home. I will admit I feel a little nervous seeing Gail.”
“Speak from the heart John. You are no longer that person.”

Lydia’s hand shook as she tried to dry her hair. In frustration, she threw the brush across the room. Adam picked it up and walked over to her.
“If you want to cancel dinner, let me know and I will call John. You don’t have to go through with this if it makes you feel nervous.”
Lydia sighed. “I want to get past this, and the only way to do this is to have John speak to everyone. I know he is not the same person. I know it has been nineteen years, but in my mind, the memories are new.”
“Do you want me to be in the room when he speaks to Gail?”
“We need to ask her how she feels. If she is ok being alone with John, then we should give her privacy. I am sure he will be in the hot seat for several hours. There is no need to make the situation tense for Gail by having you guard her like a rabid dog.”
Adam laughed. “I guess I’ve been growling a lot this week.”
“Yes, it goes against the grain. However, papa bear protecting his cubs is rather intimidating.”
“That’s what I do the best honey, protect what’s mine. Now, hurry up and dry your hair. You are turning into a fur ball.”
Gail laughed and turned on the hair dryer. Adam left her to it and went downstairs to talk to Gail. He found her sitting in her wheelchair, laptop in hand. “Hey Dad, I love this laptop. Thanks again for buying it for me. Bobby hooked up a USB cable that connects to the CCTV. I can have my lessons scanned and emailed to me at the end of each class. Isn’t technology great?”
Adam remembered a time when computers had large metal monitors and heavy keyboards. “It looks like your brother has you all hooked up and ready to go. Are you happy with the set-up? We can always move things around if you are not comfortable. You’ll be living here for the foreseeable future, and we want you to be comfortable.”
“Don’t change a thing Dad. I love the setup.”
“Are you ready for John’s visit? Do you have your questions prepared?”
Gail nodded and reached into her pocket for her post-it note. “I hope I can get through this without crying. I am so angry that he hurt Mom. Everyone keeps saying that he is a different person, but until I hear and see it for myself, I won’t be able to forgive him.”
“If you don’t want to be alone with him, tell me, and I’ll sit in the corner.”
“I think I’ll be ok. Don’t stray too far from the family room. I may need you.”
“I’ll be near you in the event you need me.”

John hesitated as he approached their house. Adam, hearing their car pull into the driveway, had already opened the front door. Adam extended his hand to his brother. He immediately noticed that he was not wearing clerical clothing. John’s hand shook as he returned the greeting. “Thank you for inviting me into your home. I am humbled and grateful that you invited me.”
Adam had to admit that their previous encounters were tense, and this was the first time he saw John somewhat relaxed. Mary, sensing his nervousness, hugged him tightly. John, not accustomed to feeling loved, stiffened briefly. Mary whispered to him, “I love you, John. You will always be my brother. Try to relax.”
John nodded briefly and wrapped his arms around her. “You humble me with your forgiveness, Mary. I love you too.”
Lydia watched their loving exchange and relaxed. Yes, he was a different man, and as she prayed for strength, she walked up to John and welcomed him into her home. “I am happy you are here John. I hope to use this time to heal the tension within our family. I thought it would be easier to address our issues without Margaret and Colin being present. Adam and I will speak to them another time. This night is for us alone.”
“Yes, I agree. We need to resolve the hurt that exists within our family. Since I am the cause of so much pain, I want to be the catalyst that heals old wounds. If it is ok with you, I would like to speak to everyone now. I will talk to Gail privately after dinner. What I have to say now, everyone needs to hear.”
Several minutes later, everyone congregated in the family room. Adam and Lydia sat on either side of Gail, the two of them holding her hands.
John reached into his suit jacket and retrieved his rosary beads. He found it comforting rolling the beads in his hands. “So much has happened these past few days that has tested my faith in God beyond its limits. Colin is correct when he said that I used the church to hide. I also used the church to live.”
“I knew returning to Philadelphia would be a challenge for me. I never imagined the turmoil that once surrounded me still existed. I speak from the heart when I say that I love you, and I am terribly sorry for the pain I’ve caused all of you.”
John moved closer to Gail. Adam felt her hand tense in his, and he gave her a gentle squeeze of assurance that he would protect her. “Gail, what I regret most at this moment is the hurt, confusion, and a healthy dose of anger that you feel towards me. It breaks my heart seeing those emotions on your beautiful face. I know you have many questions that need answering, and I promise to respond truthfully. You hold a special place in my heart. I sincerely regret my actions but have peace knowing you have two wonderful parents who love and cherish you. You will always be their child, not mine.”
“I am sure all of you have noticed that I am not wearing clerical clothing. I promised myself there will be no more lies, and so I will tell all of you the truth. I requested a sabbatical, and Father Mallard approved my request with the stipulation that I sign, for lack of a better word, a gag order. The circumstances of my entering the priesthood are in my permanent file, however; I have not discussed this with anyone since I was ordained a priest.”
“I have kept this truth to myself for nineteen years. Why would I shame my family after all of these years? I ran to prevent that from happening. I felt that by signing, I was acknowledging that the life of this sweet, beautiful girl was a mistake. What I did was a mistake on so many levels; however, Gail is a gift from God. By my refusal to sign, I have been relieved of my priestly duties. In effect, I am no longer a priest. I do not regret my decision.”
Lydia had to address the elephant in the room. “Have you done this to anyone else since you’ve been a priest, John? Have you hurt another innocent victim?”
Dear God, how could she ask me such a question? I feel sick. My throat burns as the bile chokes me. I am going to be sick, and run to the kitchen. Leaning over the sink, I try to control the urge to vomit. My entire body shakes as my stomach cramps. I lose the fight and become violently sick. I do not know how long it takes me to stop being sick. I’m dizzy and lightheaded. I make it to the table and sit with my head lying on top of the table.
Mary hears his retching and turns a murderous stare towards Lydia. “How could you do that to him, Lydia? I know you are angry. I get it. That doesn’t give you the right to insinuate John is not a dedicated priest. Hasn’t he apologized a dozen times this past week?”
“I have every right to question him Mary, and you know it! I don’t give a shit if he’s upset!”
Mary took a few steps towards Lydia, and Adam got in the way. “That’s enough Mary. Get John and go home.”
I feel Mary’s hand caress the back of my head, and a sense of peace envelops me. Mary loves me, and her love gives me the strength to move forward. I rinse my mouth again, straighten my jacket and hold my head high as I walk back to the family room. Mary whispers to me, “I’ll always have your back, John.” I squeeze my sister’s hand. “Thank you, Mary. Your support means the world to me.”
I feel like I am taking the walk of shame as I approach Lydia. No one can look at me, and I want to get out of this house. I’ve done what I can, and if they never forgive me, I will live with their decision. I stand before Lydia and I am angry. I need to make myself clear to everyone in the room.
“Lydia, what you said to me is very upsetting. I understand you feel angry for what happened between us, but that does not give you the right to question my faith, to question my commitment to Our Lord Jesus Christ. I am a devout priest. I never have nor would I ever hurt anyone. You do not understand how your question has affected me. It made me physically ill. You will never understand how hard I worked to change my life, and if you cannot see who I am now, then I don’t know what to do. I am tired Lydia. I am sick of the constant struggle to prove myself. That’s all I have to say to all of you.”
I kneel one last time in front of my daughter and pray for my family. When I finish my prayer, I rise from my kneeling position and silently walk out of the room. Everyone took a moment to reflect and remained quiet. John’s weeping broke the silence.
Mary walked out of the family room and froze when she witnessed John laid prone on the floor arms outstretched. Lying prone is an old ritual priests performed when seeking forgiveness.
My sister kneels next to me and I feel her comforting hand run down my back. Her gentle touch breaks me. “Will they ever forgive me? How long do I have to live with this guilt? It burns my soul.”
Mary looked up to see everyone standing in the doorway. Lydia walked over to John, knelt next to him, and held his hand. “Please John, get up off the floor. While I hate what you did to me, I love my daughter. The memories haunt me, and I do not want to live my life with this hanging over me. You want my forgiveness; you have it on one condition. Stay away from my family. I forgive you, John. However, I will never forget the betrayal of the trust that I placed in you.”
When John refused to move, Adam said, “John, come with me. We need a moment alone.” Reluctantly, John followed his brother into the kitchen. Adam poured a little Scotch in two glasses and gave one to John. “I want so much to hate you, John. My mind has been racing all week. I contemplated legal action to make you pay for what you did to my wife. Seeing you like this has me conflicted. I know you feel regret for your actions. Seeing you on the floor crying did something to me. It amazes me that my wife, the victim, can so freely forgive you when all I feel is anger.”
“Let me make myself crystal clear. If you hurt my daughter or my wife, I will ram my fist down your throat, and I promise you will feel intense pain. Say what you have to say and move on. I do not want you hurting my family. I suggest you speak to Gail and leave.”
John nodded. “I understand Adam. The last thing I want to do is hurt Gail. My life has drastically changed in the past twenty-four hours. If I have to leave Philadelphia for her to feel at peace, I will do so. There is no need for violence. My face still hurts from the last time you punched me.”
Adam spat out, “Remember that pain because the next time I hit you, it will be much worse.”
John nodded and left the kitchen. He continued walking into the family room. Gail was lying on the bed and tensed when she saw him. “Gail, I must leave soon, and wanted to know if there is anything that you would like to ask me. I’ve pretty much said what I needed to say.”
Gail stared at him for several tense seconds. “Every question that I had for you has been resolved in my mind. Your explanation of what happened does not absolve you from the fact that you hurt my mother. How do you think I feel knowing I was the product of a rape? How do you expect me to resolve this in my mind? How do you think I feel when I look at my Dad, knowing that I am not his biological daughter? He has loved and protected me my entire life. He will always be my dad and I want you out of our lives. You ask for forgiveness, and I can’t give it to you!”
Once again, John nodded and left the room. Everyone heard Gail’s conversation and remained silent. Standing by the front door, he said, “I have said what I came here to say. Thank you for allowing me to speak to all of you. May God watch over you, all the days of your life.” He closed the door behind him and walked to his sister’s car.
Mary turned to everyone with anger in her eyes. “How long do you expect John to seek forgiveness? Why do you find it so difficult forgiving my brother? Has he not begged long enough to satisfy you? What more does he have to do to satisfy you, crucify himself? Even convicted criminals have a second chance at a normal life. His life as a priest is over because he wants to protect Gail.” She stormed out of the house and found John leaning against the car. His face looked drained of color, his eyes, dull and lifeless.
Mary pointed a finger at him. “You listen to me, John! Today is the last time you will beg anyone for forgiveness! You have proven to everyone that you are sorry for what happened. What else do they expect of you? Lydia says she forgives you. Adam and Gail will never do so. I don’t know how everyone else feels, but at this point, I don’t care how everyone else feels. I only care about my brother, and this self-inflicted torture ends today! You have a full life ahead of you. If you feel the need to leave the city, do it.”
John said nothing as they drove back to her house. Mary followed him up to his room and watched as he sat on the edge of the bed and break into a million pieces. She sat down next to him. “Take a few days to relax John, and focus on what is important in your life. Our Lord forgave you many years ago. Let go of the memories, or they will eventually kill your spirit. I do not want you disappearing from my life. If you decide to leave, please tell me. I always want to know where you are. I love you, John. I always will.”
I hold my sister’s hand, and I am so grateful for her love and support. She will never know how her love soothes my soul. “Hearing those words touches my heart. I love you too, and I promise not to disappear on you. Today was a catalyst for me. I will no longer suffer the shame of my past. God has given me the strength to confront my family, ask for forgiveness, and accept that it will not be forthcoming. I have to move past this with the knowledge that I have done all that I can.”
“I want you to rest tonight, and tomorrow we will take a drive to Atlantic City. You need fresh air and a few days of peace and reflection.”
“I don’t know if I can sleep. My mind is racing.”
“Would you like to watch something on television? I have ice cream in the freezer.”
“What flavor do you have?”
“I have mint chocolate chip and cherry. I also have whipped cream and a jar of maraschino cherries.”
My stomach growls in agreement. “That sounds delicious.”
It is well past midnight when I say goodnight to my sister. Her house is quiet, and I close my eyes and drift into a peaceful sleep. The next morning, I awake feeling hopeful about the future. I’ve done all that I can to resolve matters with my family, and I look forward to spending the day with Mary.
“When was the last time you had a day to yourself?”
“Sadly, it’s been several years, maybe more. I was always preoccupied with one project or another, and never took time for myself. This feels strange.”
She smiled as she reached into her tote bag and pulled out a digital camera. “I want to take a lot of pictures of the two of us today. I want new memories.”
John laughed. “We’ll take as many as you like. Today is our special day.”
I do not remember the last time I have felt so relaxed. Mary and I walk on the boardwalk, eat funnel cake, play the shot machines, and take dozens of pictures. I feel comfortable wearing shorts and a tee shirt. I feel normal, and I like the feeling. My feet are aching, and I beg Mary to take a break. We sit under one of the pergolas’ and eat water ice. The gentle rolling of the ocean waves mesmerizes me.
I sigh with contentment as I finish my huge water ice. “This was an excellent idea, Mary. I haven’t eaten this much junk food in a very long time. I mentored a basketball team at my old parish and after each game; I would take the children to the local pizza house. Two slices were my limit. I fear I’ve gained a few pounds today, but it was worth it. I’ll probably have indigestion later tonight.”
Mary laughed. “Don’t worry. I have plenty of antacid in the kitchen. You needed this day John, and I am happy you shared it with me. I have some great pictures of you. Let’s take a walk on the beach.”
Once again, I feel an overwhelming sense of contentment. The feeling is foreign to me. Mary laughs at me because I have been picking up seashells from the sand and placing them in a plastic bag. I know it is silly collecting seashells, but I want to remember this day. When the bag is full, I look down at it and feel sad. I look over at Mary and she is staring at me.
“What it is John? You have the strangest look on your face.”
“I never had this growing up. We always came here during the summer, and I usually sat under an umbrella, while you and Adam ran up and down the beach. Looking back now, I feel sad because none of this had to happen. My childhood was not a happy one. It makes me happy walking on the beach with you. This entire day makes me happy. I wish I would have felt this way when I was a child.”
“I’m sorry John. I had no idea you were unhappy. How did I miss the signs?”
“I did not want anyone to know. On some level, I felt guilty for the resentment I had towards you and Adam. I could never pinpoint why I felt so antagonistic towards everyone. Those emotions were always a part of me. Father Randall helped me to channel those emotions into something productive. I am being honest with you Mary. It took me a very long time to feel…normal. When Lydia asked me if I abused anyone else, something in me died. The person that I once was no longer exists. Why can’t everyone see who I am now?”
“You can’t go back and change your life, John. What matters now is learning from this experience, recognize what triggers your sadness, and channel those emotions in a productive way. We are all victims of our past. You cannot dwell on events that were out of your control, and you certainly cannot make someone like you. If they can’t see who you are now, nothing you say or do will change their opinion of you. What makes me angry is you willingly walked away from the church to protect Gail, and they are unable to comprehend what this sacrifice has done to you.”
“What else could I do, Mary? I do not respond well to blackmail, and while my permanent file contains the entire sorted truth, Father Mallard made me feel…dirty. I had to protect Gail.”
“Live your life, John, that’s all any of us can do. Make peace with the situation and take it one day at a time.”
“Words of wisdom Mary, maybe if you say I often enough, it will sink in.”
“It will if you let go of the memories. Find your focus John, and you will make a difference in so many people’s lives.”
Mary and I sit on the boardwalk and watch the sun descend across the water. It was a perfect day, a day that I will remember for a long time.

Dinner at Adams house that night was tense. The atmosphere was quiet, and it felt unnatural. Gail sat next to her brother in her wheelchair and pushed the food around on her plate. After several tense minutes, Bobby spoke. “Why does everyone look like someone just died? As far as I’m concerned, nothing has changed. The runt is still a pain in the ass, and I am…well…just incredibly handsome. No one at this table should waste one more second on Uncle John. He is out of our lives, and I for one am happy. He said what he needed to say, and that’s the end of it. Let’s move on and put this to bed, once and for all.”
Adam sat dumbfounded, and all he could do was laugh. “I’m happy that you love yourself so much, and I agree with you. Let’s enjoy this beautiful dinner, and when we have finished eating, we can relax in the living room and watch a movie. I heard through the grapevine that we have chocolate ice cream for dessert.”
Gail wanted to watch a chick flick, and while everyone groaned and complained, they all sat in silence while she ate ice cream and watched her movie. Later that night, the family sat down and aired their feelings. Adam gave everyone ample time to vent. He started with Bobby.
“I am pissed and I want to hit something. Gran and Gramps called me today and acted as if nothing happened. When I told Gramps that I knew the truth, he apologized and asked me not to rush to judge him.”
“Lydia, how do you feel?”
“I’m tired of thinking about this. I want him to stay away from us. I accept his apology, but I will never forget what he did to me.”
Adam looked to Gail. “How about you sweetheart, how do you feel today?”
“I’m very upset Dad. It is upsetting knowing the circumstances of my conception. John looks at me, and I feel weird. I hate him for what he did to Mom, and then feel guilty for hating him. I see you and know you are hurting just as much as I am.”
Adam sighed. “I won’t lie to you, Gail. I was devastated when David told me your blood type did not match mine. So many emotions assaulted me, and it felt like my heart stopped beating. There were only two possible explanations,” he said as he looked at Lydia and reached for her hand, “and, unfortunately, my mind went to a dark place. What matters most is that I love you, Gail. I called my lawyer this morning and explained the situation. I want John to waive all parental rights, and I want to adopt you.”
“I’m eighteen. Can you legally adopt someone who is not minor?”
“Yes. There is no age restriction on adoption, and I will not rest until you are, for lack of a better word, legally my daughter.”
Lydia rose from her seat, walked over to Adam, and sat on his lap. The pressure against his groin shot up his spine. She wrapped an arm around Adam and kissed him passionately. The children always made catcalls and hooting sounds when they kissed, but not this time. Gail and Bobby watched their parents with love and admiration. “I love you so much Adam. Thank you for loving us the way you do.”
Lydia’s words touched his heart. With his children surrounding him, and his wife holding him, Adam cried. He buried his face against his wife’s soft breasts and cried. Soothing hands caressed his arms and shoulders. Bobby stood behind his father and placed comforting hands on his shoulders. Gail reached out to hold his hand.
Bobby broke the tension in the room when he shouted, “We are a united front against the evil forces in the world. No one messes with Darth Adam!” Everyone laughed. Ah, the joys of parenthood!
Chapter 15
John woke early the next morning and dressed for Sunday mass. He could not face everyone and observed mass in the back of the church. He quietly left the church before the end of services. Driving aimlessly, he thought about his parents. He needed to speak to the only man he considered his father. With a new sense of purpose, he drove the familiar streets until he found himself parked outside their house.
Margaret was standing on the sidewalk watering her garden and was surprised to see John sitting in Mary’s car in front of her house. She walked over to his car and smiled at John. “I’m surprised to see you, John. Are you ok?”
John got out of the car. “I am fine Mom, and I too am surprised to be standing here with you. Is Dad at home? I would like to speak to the two of you.”
“Yes, he is in the back yard reading the paper. Follow me please.”
The hairs on the back of my neck tingle as I walk into the house. It hadn’t changed much over the years. Feeling uneasy, I keep my head down and follow Mom out onto the deck. Dad sits with his feet propped up on a chair and looks up when he hears the sliding door open. He glances at Mom, and she gives him the ‘be nice, or I will kill you’ look. Sighing, he offers me a seat. “Why are you here John? What do you want from me?”
“I’ve spent the past few days talking about the past and the mess I’ve made of my life. I want to know why you never told me about the adoption. I want to know why I never felt a connection with the two of you. I am not here to make you uncomfortable. I only want answers, and honestly, I deserve the truth.”
Colin rose and walked into the house. John and Margaret followed him. Sitting on the dining room floor was a steamer trunk. Colin opened the lid and retrieved one of the many photo albums. This one had John’s name written on it.
“Maggie and I tried for several years to have a baby. After many tests, and a few miscarriages, we decided to adopt. The adoption agency found a baby for us within a few months. The mother was five months pregnant and had agreed to the adoption. We paid all of her medical bills, and we were so happy to be parents. When you were born, you were very sick. The doctors told us you had cocaine in your system. The mother overdosed a few months after your birth.”
“You were sick for several months. It was awful watching your child withdraw from an addiction. It affected you more than we realized. You were quiet and withdrawn as a child. You would not play with the other kids. You would not interact with us. We were at a loss as to how we could help you.”
“When Maggie found out she was pregnant, you had a temper tantrum. Our doctor prescribed medication, which helped tremendously, however; it never bridged the gap between us. You resented Mary and Adam, and we didn’t know what to do, so we left you alone. As you grew older, your behavior changed. You became belligerent and argumentative. It became too difficult dealing with your constant mood swings. I’m sorry to say I was happy when you left home.”
It all made sense now, the feeling of disassociation, the hatred for his siblings, and the isolation. “Why did you keep me if I was so much trouble?”
“You were still our son. How could we abandon you?”
“The fact is; you did abandon me by ignoring me. I want this turmoil to end. We cannot change the past. It obvious I am no longer that person.”
John reached out and held Colin and Margaret’s hands. “God, give us the grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, the courage to change the things which should be changed, and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other. Live one day at a time, enjoy one moment at a time, and accept hardship as a pathway to peace. Taking as Jesus did, this sinful world as it is, not as I would have it. Trusting that You will make all things right if we surrender to Your will so that we may be reasonably happy in this life, and supremely happy with You forever in the next. Amen.”
Colin felt hot tears sting his eyes. His voice shook as he said, “I am so proud of you John. I am ashamed of my behavior. I regret many things in my life, and how I treated you is one of them. Please forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.”
“I am no longer a priest. Father Mallard placed an ultimatum on my request for a sabbatical. He wanted me to disavow Gail as a sin and bury the truth. I refused to categorize my daughter as a sin because she is a gift from God. As I told Lydia a few days ago, what I did to her is a sin, Gail is not. By my refusing to sign, I was relieved of my priestly duties. My life as a priest is over, and surprisingly, I am not as upset as I thought I would be. You were right when you said I was hiding behind the church.”
“It made me angry that Father Mallard would request this of me. I can no longer live a lie. I refuse to bury the past. Surprisingly, my heart feels lighter. Until I have been officially relieved of my priestly duties, I can still pray for you.” John made the sign of the cross and placed his hands on Colin and Margaret’s faces. “I forgive you, in the name of The Father, and of The Son, and of The Holy Spirit. Our Lord is all seeing, all forgiving. Be at peace and know that I will always love you.”
There were no words to express the emotions swirling around them. Margaret leaned into John and cried. John wrapped his arms around her and ran a soothing hand up and down her back. “Please Mother, no more tears. Today is a day for forgiveness, for the healing of old wounds. Our Lord has given us this opportunity to see past the pain, to reach out to one another with love and forgiveness. Take the time today to reflect and calm your soul. Adam and Mary will forgive you because they love you. I will be by your side when you speak to them.”
She looked up at him with tear-stained eyes and said, “Why are you helping us?”
John smiled, “Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. We are all sinners Mother. Please pray with me. “Oh My God, I am heartily sorry for having offended Thee, and I detest all my sins because I dread the loss of Heaven and the pain of Hell; but most of all because I have offended Thee, my God, who art all-good and deserving of all my love. I firmly resolve, with the help of Thy grace, to confess my sins, to do penance, and to amend my life. Amen.” No other words were spoken as John quietly left the house.
At the end of a long day of prayer, reflection, and crying, Colin placed a conference call to his children and John. Mary cried when she heard her father’s plea for forgiveness. For the first time in his life, Adam heard his father cry, and it affected him deeply.
“I know the two of you are furious with me, and I want you to understand why. John has helped me to understand how keeping secrets hurts the people you love most in life. I love all of you very much, and the thought of losing your love kills me. I would rather die than have all of you hate me. Please, your mother and I need to speak to all of you, and that includes Gail and Bobby. We have much to discuss.”
Adam felt the ice melt. “Is everyone available tomorrow afternoon?” All agreed to meet at one o’clock.
Adam and Mary stayed on the line after everyone disconnected the call. “I’m scared Adam. I’ve never heard Dad so upset that he would cry. Whatever he has to tell us, it must be bad. Why was he talking to John?”
“I don’t know, but it surprises me. Apparently, something happened between the two of them. I guess we’ll find out what it is tomorrow. I love you, Mary.”
“I love you too, Adam. Get some rest, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Lydia was still in the room when Adam ended the call. “What’s going through your mind?”
“I don’t even know where to start. I’m almost afraid to hear what he has to say.”
“Let’s go to bed Adam. I need to feel your body against mine.”
Adam smiled. “I love hearing you say that.” Hours later, Adam awoke to find the bed empty. The bathroom light was on and he heard Lydia humming to herself. She’s in the tub, Adam thought with a smile. He followed the sound and found Lydia up to her neck in bubbles, eyes closed, and complexly relaxed.
He walked over to the tub, scooped a few bubbles with his finger, and dabbed them on her nose. Lydia looked up at him with such love in her eyes; he had to choke back the tears.
“Want to join me?” Lydia asked as she opened her arms to him. She scooted forward, and Adam climbed in behind her. Strong thighs held her tight while soft hands moved down her body.
“You really know how to get a girl worked up, don’t you?”
Smiling, Adam kissed her neck and said, “I only know how to get one girl worked up, and she is always so receptive. It amazes me that after being married for so long we still make each other crazy. I love touching you. I love the soft sounds you make when I am in you. I like the firm grip you have on my cock when I make love to you. I love everything about you, Lydia. I even like squeezing my body into this frigging small tub to feel your wet body against mine. And I especially like this.”
Turning her to face him, Adams sank two fingers deep into her core, which promptly drew a satisfied moan from her lips. Lydia’s hips rose to meet his thrust. Her hand covered his and pushed his fingers deeper into her. Adam added a third finger, and the feeling of fullness felt wonderful.
“Can you feel my throbbing cock against you, my beauty? Open yourself to me sweetheart. Let me love you.” Adam continued the slow, steady pace of his fingers. Lydia held onto the side of the tub in an attempt to steady herself. With eyes closed, she did not see Adams cock push into her. His finger remained where it was, and the two very distinct sensations had her gasping.
Adam lowered his head and took one of her nipples into his mouth. His finger curled slightly, hitting her G-spot while his cock continued pumping into her. “Take all of me Lydia.”
Her mind in a haze, Lydia’s movements increased in intensity. Water splashed all around them, but neither one noticed. Adam’s finger curled once again and thrust upward, hard and fast. His cock swelled to unbelievable hardness. He was close and wanted to take her with him. He bit down hard on one of her nipples and felt her clench around him.
“Squeeze me Lydia; take all of me deep in you. I’m coming baby, I’m coming.” Adams balls drew incredibly tight, and with a muffled scream, hot seed shot out of his cock and into his beautiful wife. Her moans of pleasure kept him hard for several minutes.
Panting, Lydia fell into his body. “What the hell was that Adam? You’ve never done that before.”
Smiling, he kissed her neck. “Having my finger in you drove me crazy. I want to fill you with my finger, and my cock, and I wanted both in you at the same time. How did it feel? I can tell you that my cock was on fire. The feeling of being squeezed tightly was intensified with my finger in you.”
She blinked several times, and she tried to speak. “I…I…I can’t think coherently because my brain has turned to mush. That was without a doubt, the most intense orgasm I’ve ever had. When your finger curled up and stroked me, I thought I would lose my mind. I have never felt so aroused I my life. If you love me, you will do that again…real soon.” Real soon took about twenty minutes. Relaxed and stated, they both drifted off into a peaceful sleep.

The atmosphere in Adam’s house the following morning was tense. As the clock neared one o’clock, everyone grew quiet. The doorbell ringing jolted Adam to his feet. John and Mary were standing on the opposite side of the door. “Good afternoon John, please come in.”
“Adam, may I speak to you privately before Mom and Dad arrive?”
Icy chills crept up Adams back. He had a somber look on his face. Adam escorted his brother out onto the patio deck. “What is it, John?”
“I know the truth about my adoption. Apparently, I was a crack baby, which affected my behavior. Several different medications controlled my outbursts and explained why I felt so isolated. God only knows how it changed my life. They became frustrated and left me to my own devices, which we now know was a mistake. We prayed and Dad asked me to forgive him.”
Adam stared blankly at John. “He asked you to forgive him? Why would he ask for forgiveness?”
“He wanted me to forgive him for ignoring me, rather than helping me deal with whatever was causing my depression. Secrets can destroy a family as evidenced by our family. Honesty and acceptance are the only way to heal old wounds. I hope that one day you will accept my sincere apology.”
“It will take me a long time to forgive you, John.”
“I understand Adam. Nothing else needs to be said.”
Everyone sat in the living room and waited for Colin and Margaret. Outside, Colin drove around the block for several minutes. “Honey, you need to park the car. Driving in circles is counterproductive. I know you are nervous, but it’s about time we put the events of the past behind us.”
“I know Maggie. I have been dreading this day for so long, and I fear how they will react. My old heart can’t take the stress of dredging up this shit.”
“Maybe it’s for the best if everyone knew the truth. Adam and Lydia will never truly forgive John. Maybe this will be the catalyst for forgiveness. I can see the hurt in John’s eyes. He is also a victim.”
Colin parked the car and sat quietly staring at Adam’s house. “Our children do not deserve this bullshit.”
“Our kids are strong Colin. Don’t underestimate their strength.”
Adam stood by the bay window and watched his parents. Finally, they exited the car and walked up the driveway. His father looked frail as if he carried the weight of the world on his shoulders. He looked much older than his seventy-five years. Adam opened the door and greeted his parents with a warm hug.
Colin and Margaret followed their son into the living room and it pleased him to see everyone. Clearing his throat, he said, “Well, it’s good to see everyone here today. Gail honey how’s your leg?”
“I’m ok. I don’t know what to call you.” Gail said as tears welled in her eyes.
Colin walked over to her wheelchair and knelt before her. He reached out to hold both of her hands. “Can you forgive an old fool sweetheart? You are my granddaughter, and I love you.” Gail cried as she leaned into her gramps. Several minutes later, Gail wiped the tears from her face and smiled at her grandfather. Colin kissed her forehead and with a little help, slid into the chair next to Gail.
John stood behind his father and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. He bent down and whispered something, which no one heard. Colin nodded, patted his hand again, and John resumed his seat next to Adam.
“John came to visit me yesterday, and we had a long talk. I need to address our issues first. I am truly sorry for the way I ignored you, and I take responsibility for what happened before you disappeared. I think I should start at the beginning.”
“Maggie and I tried for several years to have a baby. We suffered the heartache of five miscarriages, and never thought we could have a baby. When Maggie became pregnant again, we followed doctor’s orders, and she immediately went on bed rest. We always worried whether she could carry the baby to term. The stress was unbearable, and Maggie lost the baby. Our child was a precious little girl. We named her Eleanor. I was beyond angry. Why was God punishing us? The following year, we decided to adopt. Maggie could not take another miscarriage. The adoption agency found a young woman, maybe seventeen years old who was five months pregnant. We were so happy and anxiously awaited the baby’s birth.”
“We were beyond happy to have a little boy. The day following his birth, John became very sick. We thought me might die. After many long tests, the doctor told us John was addicted to cocaine. The mother was a crack addict and never told us. We were shocked and surprised when Maggie became pregnant again. We were overjoyed to discover she was carrying twins. We did everything in our power to ensure she carried to term.”
“After Mary and Adam had been born, John’s behavior grew worse. We relied on several medications to control his outbursts. It was obvious to us the medication no longer worked, and we stopped giving it to him. Unfortunately, over the years, the damage to our relationship was irreversible, and we tolerated each other. I didn't know when it happened, but I grew tired trying to help him. God forgive me, but I wished we had never adopted him. He was argumentative, and at times borderline violent. Secretly, I was relieved when John left home.”
“When we read the letter, I went to the police. I explained everything to the detective and gave him a picture of John. The detective told me without a name, there is no crime, and he cannot issue an arrest warrant. We did not know where John was. We hired a private detective, and after a few weeks with no results, we stopped the search. Your mother and I were embarrassed and saddened to realize our son committed such a heinous crime. I did not want any of you to know what happened. I made the decision to bury this and never speak of it again. Had I known that you Lydia were the victim, I would have told the police. You never exhibited signs of a crime. You and Adam were happy. You were pregnant with your first child. Never in a million years did I think you were the woman in the letter.”
Colin slumped forward in his chair, covered his face with his hands, and cried. John was the first one out of his seat and knelt before the only man that he considered a father. Everyone sat in stunned silence and watched them. John wrapped his arms around Colin as he continued crying. “Let go of the memories Father. Our Lord knows the goodness that lives in your soul. We are all sinners, and Our Lord, through his mercy and love, forgives you. We are all victims of the past. No one but you knows the trauma that you faced. I love you, and I will never judge you. I will help you heal the wounds.”
“John, please take me home. I am so tired.”
After helping Colin to his car, John walked back to the house. Adam was standing in the driveway, fear, and concern clearly etched on his face. “Is he ok?”
“No, but he will be once he calms down. Please ask Mary to stay until I return.”
Adam nodded and he watched John drive is father home.
Chapter 16
Adam walked back into the house and asked Mary not to leave. “John is coming back and he wants to speak to us. I’m going upstairs for a few minutes. I feel sick.”
Lydia shot a worried glance at Bobby. “It’s ok Mom. Stay here with Gail. I’ll check on Dad.”
As Bobby approached his parent’s bedroom, he heard his father crying. It unnerved him because his father never cried. The door was partly open, and Bobby stepped into the room. Adam was in the bathroom splashing water on his face. He looked up to see his son standing in the doorway.
“Dad, are you ok?”
Another sob erupted from him, and he sank to the floor. Bobby closed the distance and sat next to him. Adam closed his eyes and tried to wipe his father’s tear stained face from his memory. He leaned against Bobby as he fought nausea. “Where’s your mother? Is she ok?”
“She’s ok Dad. Mom is with Gail. How are you?”
“I can’t answer that Bobby. I feel numb. I cannot comprehend how they lived with this awful secret for so many years. John said he was coming back to talk to us. I don’t think I can handle anything else today.”
“Go into the bedroom and lie down for a few minutes. I’ll let you know when he’s here.”
Adam patted his son’s hand. “You do know that your mother and I have never lied to you. We have always been honest with you and Gail.”
“I know Dad. I used to joke with Gail that the two of you were like an open book. You kept nothing a secret, and sometimes, your honesty was embarrassing. Do you remember the sex talk? I had nightmares for weeks!”
Adam laughed. “Yes. I also remember the look on your face when I showed you how to take care of yourself.”
“Uh, that was so embarrassing. I know for a fact that none of my friends had that particular conversation with their fathers.”
“I know it was awkward Bobby. I wanted you to understand what was happening to your body. You have to admit that it made everything easier for you once you knew that what you were experiencing was normal.”
“It did make it easier, and I never told anyone that you showed me now to masturbate. I almost shit myself when you dropped your pants and showed me what to do.”
“Good. That was between father and son. I always want you to come to me, Bobby. I enjoy our talks, and I want us always to be close. It doesn’t matter how old you are. I love you very much. I know I don’t say it often enough, but I am proud of you. I want you always to know how I feel about you and Gail. The two of you are the blood that runs through my veins, and the heart that beats in my chest.”
“After what I heard today, those words are like a balm to my soul. Gail and I are so lucky to have two wonderful parents. I love you, Dad. Take a nap. I’ll wake you when John arrives.” Bobby quietly closed the door, as Adam closed his eyes, and to his surprise, drifted into a peaceful sleep.
Lydia was still talking to Gail when Bobby joined them. “Where’s your father?”
“He’s taking a nap. We talked for a few minutes, and I told him I would wake him when Uncle John is here.”
He looked at Gail. “How are you, runt?”
“I’m stunned that Gran and Gramps suffered the way they did. I feel sad for them.”
Lydia agreed with them. “It’s been a very depressing day for all of us. Mary went home. She is too upset and needs time to process everything.”

John helped Colin into the house and onto the sofa. He sat next to him and waited while he calmed down. Several minutes later, Colin took a deep breath and seemed to relax. “Thank you for driving me home John. I’m sorry if what I said today upsets you.”
“I am more sad than upset. I never realized at the time that I was such a problem for the two of you. I always felt different, and now I know why. I am sure the drugs and alcohol exacerbated the problem. Looking back, I can clearly see how I had difficulty coping with day-to-day issues. I understand now why Lydia ended our relationship. I do not think I can adequately explain how I suffered from withdraw. It was horrible Father. I was sick for several weeks, and I seriously doubted I would survive the ordeal. Father Randall saved my life. I had to be hospitalized twice because I was so sick.”
“Something happened to me after I was well enough to begin my religious study. I sense of calm enveloped me, and I felt peaceful for the first time in my life. As time passed, my former life faded into the background. Sadly, the memories never left me. I want to put the events of the past behind us, and form a new bond. I honestly believe that God has given us this opportunity to heal old wounds and love the people that we’ve become.”
“I would like that very much John. It feels good letting go of the past, and I want to focus on the present. I know you still have things to discuss with Adam. Go to him now and clear the air. I need to take a nap.”
John smiled as he leaned forward and kissed his father. “Rest well Dad, and know that Our Lord is with you always.”

Adam was still sleeping when John pulled up into the driveway. Lydia heard his car and met him at the door. The first thing he heard was the sounds of Gail and Bobby laughing. They were in the family room playing video games. He smiled at them as he followed Lydia into the kitchen. Bobby yelled out to him, “Hey Uncle John, how are you?”
Stunned by the greeting, it took his brain a few seconds to reply. “I am well Bobby. Thank you for asking.”
Lydia saw the expression on his face and suppressed a laugh. She poured John a cup of coffee and asked him to sit down. “I’ll go up and wake Adam. I know we still have things to discuss.”
Several minutes later, a rumpled Adam walked into the kitchen. He walked over to the coffee pot and poured a large cup. John said, “You look as bad as I feel. It’s been a very stressful day for everyone.”
“Yeah, you could say that. How are Mom and Dad? It upset me seeing him cry.”
“When I left, he was going to take a nap. I think with time, they will be ok. He feels relieved that he no longer has to carry this secret around with him.”
Adam felt sorry for John, and that surprised him. “How do you feel John? Today must have been upsetting for you.”
“I don’t know how I feel. I remember so much of my childhood, but somehow I do not recall some of the behavioral problems. I guess my brain blocked those memories. Tell me the truth. Was I that bad as a child? Do you remember the outbursts?”
“I remember one in particular. We had just decorated the Christmas tree, and you were yelling about the ornaments not being where you wanted them. Several times, you tried moving them, and Mom yelled at you. The next thing I knew, the tree was on the floor, and you were stepping on some of the ornaments. The way you screamed and carried on scared me. I remember Mary crying because you crushed her Barbie ornament.”
John shook his head. “I don’t remember that happening. I’m sorry Adam for making your life miserable. I no longer regret my decision to leave home. I probably spared the family many years of misery. The past must remain in the past, for all of us. I want my family to live in peace, to find comfort in Our Lord, and have joy in our hearts.”
Adam accepted his apology. Lydia sat for several minutes as his words reverberated in her mind. “I agree with you, John. It is obvious to me that you are a changed man. I do not want to live my life with hatred in my heart. I want all of us to live in peace. That’s all I want for my family, and I think it’s time to bury the past, for everyone’s well-being. I still think you should keep your distance from Gail. Until she is ready to forgive you, I think it’s best for everyone if you refrain from seeing her.”
John nodded is acceptance. “I will do as you wish Lydia. I will keep my distance.”
Adam left the kitchen and returned with the papers he picked up from his lawyer. “John, I want to resolve the situation with Gail as quickly as possible. I spoke to my attorney, and I want you to relinquish all parental rights so that I can adopt Gail. I want her to be my daughter. I hope you won’t fight me on this issue.”
“Adam, I already told you I will not assume that role with Gail. I am not the one she calls father. She does not love me in that capacity. She is your daughter, and I will gladly sign whatever needs signing. I am Uncle John to her, and if she ever forgives me, I will gladly assume my place in the family as her Uncle, nothing more.” John took the papers and quickly signed his name.
It surprised Adam that John acquiesced so fast. “Thank you, John. I thought you would make it difficult for me.”
“I would not do that to Gail, or to the two of you.” He paused for several seconds. “Can I be honest with both of you? When you confirmed that Gail was my daughter, I felt happy knowing that I will have a legacy through Gail. I made the decision to become a priest because I felt guilty. My guilt kept me focused on my faith and allowed me to help those less fortunate. I would often see children sick and abused by their parents, and it broke my heart. It also made me realize I would never feel the love of a child, one of my flesh and blood. The denial of what could have been was my sacrifice, one that I accepted a long time ago. I willingly accepted that sacrifice and lived my life accordingly.”
“As the years passed, those feelings faded, and I was happy with my life. Everything changed when I knew I was Gail’s father. My heart is happy knowing that when I leave this earth, a part of me lives on through Gail. I never want her to feel ashamed of how she came to be. I look at her, and I want to cry. She is a beautiful young woman. She deserves to have a happy life, and if that means I have to go back to California, I will do whatever it takes to make her happy. Adam, you are her father, and it makes me happy knowing you will always love and protect her. Give these papers to your lawyer and make her yours forever.”
No one knew that Gail was sitting on the other side of the wall and heard their conversation. She wheeled herself back into the family room and cried, and everyone heard the crying. John looked at Adam and rose from the table. “I think I need to talk to her. Is that ok with you?”
Adam nodded his approval and John left the kitchen. Gail was sitting in her wheelchair, facing the television. She looked up when she heard John knock on the sliding door. “Gail, is it ok if I talk to you for a few minutes?”
“Yeah, come in. I want to speak to you too.”
John approached her hesitantly and sat on the edge of the sofa. Instinctively, he reached for his beads. “Gail, I have so much to say to you, and yet somehow, I find it hard collecting my thoughts. I know you heard what I said to Adam. Everything I said comes from my heart. I am proud of you, and yes, I am happy that you are my daughter. However, knowing that you are my daughter does not give me the right to interject myself into your life. The last thing I want to do is make you feel uncomfortable or ashamed of how you came to be.”
“Your life is a precious gift from God, and I want you to live a happy life. I am at peace knowing you have two parents who love you unconditionally. I know you dislike me, and I can live with that because I know your parents and brother love you. I want you to remember that Uncle John also loves you. You will always be in my prayers Gail, for as long as I live.”
Gail sat for several minutes as she absorbed his words. “I know you regret what happened with my mother, but I can’t get past the fact that my conception was the result of un-consensual sex. How do I get past this? It makes me feel inferior, and I don’t like feeling this way.”
John walked over to her and knelt in front of her wheelchair. “I want you to listen to me Gail, and never forget what I am about to say. I never want you to say that again about yourself. You are not inferior. You are a precious gift from God. I am the one that is to blame, not you, or your mother. I am at fault and I have struggled for so many years with the guilt that followed me wherever I went. I am no longer a priest because I want to protect you from the backlash. I do not regret my decision, because when I look at your beautiful face, the ugly memories of the past fade from my mind and soul. Please be happy Gail. It’s all I ever want for you.”
John left Adam’s house with a heavy heart. Signing away his parental rights was the only option. In his heart, he will always be Gail’s father. Depression and sadness gripped his heart. He remembered Jennifer’s offer of help. John no longer had the comforting isolation of the church. He once again drove the familiar streets to his father’s house. He wanted to speak to his father.
It was well past nine in the evening when John parked the car. The lights were still on, so he knew his parents were still awake. He hesitated to ring the doorbell and was startled when Colin opened the door.
“Don’t look surprised. I saw you getting out of the car. Did you forget that I am a night owl? Come in. What are you doing here at this time of night? Are you ok?”
“No Dad, I can honestly say that I am not ok. I feel lost, and the first person I thought of was you. I wanted to see you, to talk to you. I need help, and I have nowhere to go.”
“Come into the kitchen and I will make us a cup of tea. Your mother made banana bread yesterday. Sit down and talk to me, John. How can I help you?”
“I feel lost Dad. It made me so angry when Father Mallard insisted I sign the confidentiality disclosure. The fact that he did not trust my judgment hurts. I have kept this secret for nineteen years. What made him believe I would put Gail in the spotlight? I would never hurt her, or embarrass the family. What happened is personal, and a private family matter. I do not like ultimatums, and I willingly walked away from the church. What do I do now? I have no skills. I have no money. I have…nothing, and I am scared.”
“Let us help you. Pack your bags and move in with us. We will help you start a new life. Please, John, I need you near me. We have wasted too many years, and this is our time to reconnect.”
John stared at his father with tears in his eyes. Finally, he felt loved and it was a humbling feeling. “I would like to stay with you and Mom for a few months. I have to figure out what to do with the remainder of my life.”
“Sleep here tonight, and tomorrow you can move in. Your mother will be so happy seeing you sitting at the kitchen table tomorrow morning. I remodeled your old room, and we use it as a guest bedroom. Make yourself comfortable son. Our home is your home. I have an extra key for you, and you can use your mother’s car. I don’t know why she talked me into buying it for her. She never drives the damn thing. Come with me, and I will get you settled in your room, and lend you a pair of pajamas.”
Life for me has come full circle. At the age of forty-eight, I am back in my childhood bedroom, depending on Mom and Dad to support me. What do I do now? The church has been my life for so many years. How did everything fall apart so quickly? As I lay awake staring at the ceiling, my thoughts drift to Jennifer Harrison. Her kindness and offer of help were so thoughtful. I need a friend, someone that I can confide in. Will she talk to me if I call her? My finger hovers over her phone number. Taking a deep breath, I call her.
“Hello, Jennifer, this is John Brady. I hope I am not calling at an inopportune time. I realize that it is late at night.”
She laughed. “It is only ten thirty Father Brady. Olivia finally fell asleep, and I have a solid hour to read. How are you, Father? I have been thinking about you.”
“Did you mean what you said the other day, about wanting to be my friend?”
“Yes, I did. I know something profound happened to you, and I will gladly listen, should you care to share it with me.”
Taking a leap of faith, I tell Jennifer everything. She cried for me, and the sound of her crying broke something in me. “Please, do not cry for me, Jennifer. My decision was easy. Gail is the most important person in my life, and I would never do anything to hurt her. I just feel lost. The church has been my life for nineteen years. What do I do with my life?”
“Have you thought about converting to another religion? My neighbor is a member of The Faith Baptist Church, and she told me their pastor’s wife recently died, and he wished to retire. You can still serve God John. Christianity is one of many religious beliefs. Find one that makes you happy.”
“I must be released from my duties as a priest before I can consider another religious calling. It will take at least a year before the Vatican releases me.”
“What will you do while you are waiting?”
“There is not much that I can do. Technically, I am still a priest. I cannot seek employment. I have limited financial resources, and tomorrow, I’m moving in with my parents.”
“Are you allowed to have dinner next week with a friend and her children?”
“I think dinner with a friend would be fantastic.”
“I should warn you that Olivia and Jason are a handful. Be prepared for screaming, food throwing, and general insanity. I love my babies, but by the end of the day, I need this hour or two of total silence.”
“I think I can handle it, Jennifer. Can I bring anything?”
“If you want to make brownie points with my children, bring ice cream, preferably strawberry.” Jennifer gave him her address and said goodnight. John fell asleep with a smile on his face.
John spoke to Jennifer every day for the remainder of the week. It amazed him how quickly they became good friends. They met once or twice during the week for coffee and fell into a comfortable routine. Late night calls when the children were sleeping were his favorite part of the day. John felt a growing affection for her and wanted more than friendship with Jennifer.
“I feel like I’ve known you all my life,” John said as he reclined against the headboard.
“So do I John, and we’ve only known each other for nine days, not counting a few times we spoke at church. I like talking to you.”
John closed his eyes and took a leap of faith. “Do you realize you are my first female friend? Doesn’t that sound incredibly juvenile at my age?”
Jennifer laughed. “No, it doesn’t. Your life is changing, and friendships are important. I can’t believe I’m saying this. I want more than friendship with you John. What do you want?”
Without hesitation, he said, “I want you.”
Silence filled the space between them. Jennifer sighed into the phone. “That’s ok with me because I didn’t want to throw myself at you.”
“If you did, I would catch you.”
“Would you really catch me, John?”
“Yes, I would.”
“Good to know. Don’t be late for dinner.”
John laughed. “I wouldn’t dream of being late. Sleep well Jennifer.”

Dinner with Jennifer and the children was chaotic. Jason stared at John as if he had a third eye. “Who are you?”
“My name is John, and I am a friend of your mommy.”
“What kind of friend?” Jason asked timidly.
“I hope to be a good friend.” He looked at Jennifer and smiled.
“Ok. Can you be my friend?”
“I would like to be your friend.”
“What about me?” Olivia cried. “Can you be my friend too?”
“Sure. I can be friends with both of you. Would you like that?”
Two five-year-old dynamos flew at John. He laughed and scooped them up in his arms.
“Children, please let John finish his dinner. You can have play time after you’ve finished eating dinner.”
Something shifted within John. He couldn’t describe the feeling. Holding these two precious children in his arms felt natural to him as if they belonged to him. It was a feeling so foreign to John, he felt like weeping.
Jennifer noticed the look on his face and became concerned. Leaning towards him, she whispered, “Are you ok? You have the strangest look on your face.”
“No, I am not ok.” John rose from the table and left the room.
“Mommy, where is John going?” Olivia asked. “Doesn’t he want to play with us?”
“Finish your dinner sweetheart, and I will talk to John. Take your plates into the kitchen when you are done eating, and put them on the table.”
Jennifer walked to the front door and saw John leaning against the porch railing, and it looked like he was crying. His hands covered his face, and his body shook. Not knowing what to do, she walked out onto the porch and wrapped her arms around his body. “It’s ok to feel emotional John. What can I do to help you?”
Another sob escaped him and he wrapped his arms around her soft body. “I felt something when I held Olivia and Jason, and it scared me. Holding you like this seems natural to me. I’ve suppressed these emotions for so long, and I don’t know how to be anyone other than a priest. I don’t know how to relate to a woman in a relationship.”
“Let’s take it one day at a time, and get to know each other. If I do something, will you go with it and not fight whatever you may feel?”
“Why does your question scare me?”
“Would you pull away from me if I kissed you?”
“No, Jennifer. I will not pull away from you. That’s all I’ve been thinking about since I walked into your house. You look beautiful in that dress. Please kiss me.”
Jennifer reached up to stroke the side of his face. She ran her fingertips over his smooth cheek. Her lips soon followed, and she peppered his face with light kisses. “Does this feel okay John?”
“Yes,” he whispered, as his lips met hers. An explosion of emotions flooded his senses. Long suppressed desires heated his blood. An uncomfortable tightness in his groin had John leaning away from her body. He didn’t want her to feel what was happening to him. He parted his lips and felt the gentle touch of her tongue against his. It felt like a door had opened, and that when he stepped through it, he was no longer a priest. He was a man with sexual desires. Their first kiss was soft, warm, and passionate.
Several minutes later and thoroughly aroused, John finally found the strength to pull away from her. His face was flushed, his breathing shallow. He turned away from her in an attempt to adjust himself. He didn’t fool her. She knew what was happening to him. John felt her arms wrap around him again. “You’re aroused, aren’t you?”
“Yes, and it is very painful. What I am feeling now is so foreign to me. I haven’t felt this way for many years. I’m scared Jennifer. I don’t know how to be just a man.”
“John, everything feels foreign to you. Your life up until a few weeks ago was structured, orderly, and predictable. What you are experiencing now is entirely normal. You’re scared and anxious about the future. I totally understand your fear. After my husband had died, I felt lost. I had two babies, a mortgage, and no job. There were days when I couldn’t get out of bed. Mrs. Mancini next door would babysit for me when I needed help. Those were some of the darkest days of my life. I am proud of what I’ve accomplished the past four years. It wasn’t easy, but every time I look at my beautiful babies, I feel blessed. Things happen in our lives for a reason. How you react to these feelings is totally within your control.”
John turned to face her and placed his hand over his erection. “I am embarrassed Jennifer. I feel like an adolescent going through puberty.”
“Sit down and calm yourself. We have plenty of time to get to know each other. For as handsome as you are, you’re not getting near my panties for at least three months.”
“I don’t know how to respond to that statement.”
Jennifer laughed and kissed his cheek. “You’ll think of something.”

Chapter 17
Two months later
“Gail honey, your appointment is in one hour. What are you doing in there? Do you need help getting dressed?”
“I’m moving as fast as I can Mom. Can you help me with my shorts? I can’t get the leg past the cast.”
Lydia laughed as she helped her daughter get dressed. “In a few hours, this monstrosity will be gone, and you can finally have a little more freedom. Daddy has the car packed, and as soon as we get home, we will officially be on vacation. Your brother has been driving me crazy all week.”
Gail laughed. “All of us need this vacation, Mom. I for one cannot wait to get the hell out of this house. Being stuck in this room for so long has me bat shit crazy. I need a vacation.”
“Your father has our itinerary all planned out. Let’s see, if I remember correctly, it's eating, sleep, eat more food, lay in the sun, and of course, eat more food.”
Adam heard them talking as he entered the room. He leaned down and whispered in her ear. “You forgot one important thing besides the eating and sleeping.”
“What did I forget?”
“You forgot the loving sweetheart, and I intend to make it memorable, in more ways than one.”
Lydia felt the blush creep up her neck and spread across her face. Gail roared with laughter. “Mom, what did he say to you? Your face is beet red.”
“Never mind what your father said to me. We need to get you to your appointment.”
Adam shrugged his shoulders and laughed. God, it felt so good to laugh again. The past two months had many highs and lows. Lydia slept through the night without the nightmares. Gail’s recovery progressed on schedule, and therapy starts after their vacation. Bobby, as usual, was a goofball and he never left Gail’s side. He stuck to her like glue and made her recovery less painful.
The most dramatic change was with John. He met with the clergy of The Faith Baptist Church, and they agreed that once John’s obligation no longer existed, they would welcome him into their church. John was honest with them about the events of his past.
His relationship with Jennifer grew stronger day by day. He soon realized that he loved her and the children. John spent many hours at her house. He loved the noise, the laughter, bath time, and the bedtime stories. When Olivia refused to go to bed, John picked her up and cradled her in his arms.
“Why are you so fussy little Olivia? Are you afraid to go to sleep? Do you want me to sit with you?”
“I like it when you play with me.”
“I like it too, but you also need to sleep. How do you think little girls grow into big girls? They need to rest.”
“Do you like little girls?”
“I like one particular little girl. Can you guess who she is?”
“Is it me?”
“Yes it is, and if you go to sleep now, I will take you, Jason, and mommy to the zoo tomorrow. Would you like to see the horses?”
“Mommy, can we please go to the zoo? I’ll be good and go to bed now.”
Jennifer laughed. “Ok, pumpkin, go to sleep, and tomorrow we will go to the zoo.”
Olivia squirmed out of John’s arms and ran to her bedroom. Jennifer and John followed. Olivia opened her closet door and pulled out an outfit. “Olivia, what are you doing?”
“I want to look pretty for John.”
Tears welled in John’s eyes. He quickly said goodnight to Olivia and left the room. Several minutes later, Jennifer found him sitting on the front porch. He was still crying.
Concerned, she knelt in front of him. “What’s wrong? Why are you crying?”
John reached out and cupped her face with his strong hands. “I never thought this would happen to me. I never thought I could be this happy. I love you, Jennifer. I love all of you so very much, and I am scared. I am still a priest. We cannot have an intimate relationship until my release from the church is official. I want so much to touch you, to make love to you.”
“Oh, John, I love you too, and I will wait for you. I love having you here with me. The children adore you. I have never seen Olivia so animated.”
“I want to be honest with you Jenny. I want to marry you. I want to be Olivia and Jason’s father. I have so many plans in my head. Once my release is final, Pastor Greene told me that he would expedite my application. Once I complete the required religious training, I will have my assignment. I want us to be married before I perform my first church service. I want my wife and children in the front pew.”
“I want that too John. I am so happy. I love you, John.”
“I love you too Jenny, with all that I am.”

Gail cried when she saw what used to be her leg. The calf muscle atrophied to the extent that she had no muscle tone. “Enjoy the week off with your family, because once you return, the hard work begins. Keep the weight off the leg as much as possible. Use crutches to get around. You need to regain the strength in your other leg. Don’t be upset Gail, this is normal, and your muscle tone will return once you start therapy.”
“Look at my leg. I have a ton of ingrown hair and dead skin. Mom, my leg looks awful.”
Lydia tried not to admit that her leg looked gross. Gail was in desperate need of an exfoliation. “I have the perfect solution. We will stop by the drug store and pick up a few things. I will fix your leg sweetheart. Don’t worry about it.” Later that day, Gail had a smile on her face, and a smooth leg.
Adam called his father. “Lydia and I are heading down to Cape May. Gail had the cast removed earlier today. Come with us. We’ll book a room for you, and the two of you can relax for a week.”
“I think your mother would love a week at the Cape. Book the room and we’ll drive down tomorrow morning. Oh, we are going to have fun!”
Later that day, everyone crammed into the SUV and drove to Cape May. Gail and Bobby were engrossed in their digital toys while Lydia took a nap. The car was quiet, which gave Adam a chance to call John. It surprised Adam to admit that he missed talking to his brother.
When John never answered his phone, he called his mother. “Hi Mom, is John with you? He’s not answering his cell phone.”
“No. He went for a run about an hour ago. He had his cell phone with him. He should be back soon. Hold on a minute. Someone is banging on my front door.”
While he waited, Adam heard the commotion and his mother screaming. He heard his Mother cry out, “Oh no, is John seriously injured?”
Adam snapped to attention and jerked the car forcefully onto the side of the road. The sudden sharp movement woke Lydia. “Why did we pull over?”
“Something’s happened to John,” Adam said. He yelled into the phone. “Mom, can you hear me? What has happened to John? Mom, please answer me.”
Several seconds had passed before she responded. “Oh Adam, John was shot in the shoulder outside the playground. The ambulance took him to U of P Hospital.”
“Is he ok?”
“I don’t know. The police are in my living room. I have to speak to them. Call me later.”
Adam drove to the first exit and returned home. He relayed the conversation to his family. As they were driving, his phone rang. Colin was on the other end. “Adam, the police have two teenagers in custody. We are at U of P. Hold on a minute, the nurse is calling me.”
Adam heard muffled voices in the background. “Adam, are you still there? The nurse just told me that the bullet went through John’s shoulder and grazed his collarbone. Your mother is with him now. Stay on the line. I’m going into his room.”
Adam waited while Colin talked to John. Other than the visible wound to his arm, he suffered no other injuries. The pain was significant, and John was properly medicated. He handed his phone to John. “Adam is on the line,” he said.
“John, what’s happened? Are you ok?”
His arm ached, and he had a pounding headache, but he was ok. “I’m okay Adam. Please do not worry about me. Enjoy your vacation please.”
“Do you need me?”
“I appreciate the offer, but no. Mom has that covered. I will call you tomorrow.” He handed the phone back to his father.
Colin asked. “Why didn’t you tell Adam that you need surgery to repair your collarbone?”
“Why worry the family. They need a vacation, and I don’t want everyone sitting in the emergency room. Let them have this time, Dad. I’ll be ok once the doctor repairs the bone.”
John handed his phone to his father. “Dad, please call Jennifer. Tell her what happened, and please, tell her that I am ok. I do not want to frighten her. My head is killing me, and I feel nauseous.”
Colin called her, and within the hour, she sat holding John’s hand. Colin and Margaret stayed in the background and watched her intently. When John opened his eyes, he visibly relaxed when he saw her beautiful face. He raised their joined hands to his lips and kissed her. “Why are you crying honey? I am ok. I need surgery to repair my collarbone, and I’ll be home sometime tomorrow.”
“If something happened to you it would kill me. Are you sure you are ok? Oh, John, I love you.”
“I love you too honey. I promise. I am ok. Where are the children?”
“Mrs. Mancini is babysitting for me.”
“Move to the other side of the bed honey. I need to hold you.”
Jennifer walked to the other side of the bed and carefully lay next to John. He wrapped his good arm around her soft body and visibly relaxed. She put her head on his shoulder and cried. Colin and Margaret left the room.
Once in the hallway, Margaret said, “They love each other. I had no idea they were in a committed relationship. I thought they were just friends.”
“He will speak to us when he is ready to discuss their relationship. Give him space Maggie. These feelings are new to him. I like Jennifer. I hope they get married someday.”
“Married? Oh, that would be wonderful.”
Chapter 18
Two days later, Adam heard the familiar sound of his father’s truck pull up into the gravel driveway. He was surprised to see John with them, dressed in shorts and flip-flops. Lydia ran out of the house and hugged John fiercely. He winced when her hand hit his wound.
“Oh, I’m so sorry. Did I hurt you? Are you ok?”
“Please everyone, I am ok. The surgery went well, and I have a few pins in my collarbone. Jennifer ordered me to take a few days vacation. Who am I to argue? Honestly, I could use a vacation.”
Lydia whispered to Adam, “Who is Jennifer?”
“I don’t know. Maybe he has a girlfriend.”
Adam said, “If you don’t mind sharing a room with Bobby, you can stay with us.”
Bobby walked to the car and grabbed his bag. “I’ll sleep on the air bed. You can have the bed.”
“Thank you, Bobby. That would be nice.”
“Can I see the wound?”
John gently peeled back the bandage. The wound looked irritated and very painful.
“Wow, that looks really gross. Does it hurt?”
John nodded. “On a scale from one to ten, it’s a nine.”
Lydia scolded her son. “Bobby, leave your uncle alone. Can’t you see he’s in pain?”
“It’s fine Lydia. Would you mind if I take a few minutes alone to pray? I’d like to take a walk on the beach.”
As John walked away from them, Adam and Lydia shared a worried glance with Colin. “Something’s wrong with him. I can feel it.” Colin said.
Adam agreed. “Give him time to accept what’s happened.”
John walked along the beach as if he were in a fog. The pain in his arm also shot up to his neck and face. He found a quiet spot on the beach and sat in the sand. Absently, his left hand dug into the sand as pain once again shot down his arm. The sling that he wore relieved most of the pressure on his arm, and he knew eventually the wound would heal.
The gentle swishing of the ocean calmed him. He found an oddly shaped seashell next to him and absently turned it over repeatedly in his hand. It felt good letting his mind go blank. Lost in thought, time slipped from him. He wanted to shed himself of the stress. Jennifer’s crying had a profound effect on him and solidified his plans for the future.
When John never returned, Adam went looking for him. He found John lying on the beach sleeping. Adam sat down next to him and gently shook him. “I think you need to get out of the sun before you burn. Look at those pasty white legs. What’s wrong John? I know you’re upset.”
John had sat quietly for several minutes before he spoke. “Have you ever questioned your existence on this earth? Have you ever wondered what your purpose in life is? The shooting and everything that has happened to me since I returned to Philly have drained me. The fact that a thirteen-year-old could have killed me has me very upset. Do you remember what I told you when I signed the adoption papers?”
Adam remembered clearly, and the question unnerved him. “Yes, I do remember. I know we haven’t always been close, but I hope you know that you can talk to me.”
“This is difficult for me Adam. When I was in the emergency room, I was sitting on the gurney in my blood-stained running shirt and shorts. The nurse had just bandaged my arm, and I was sitting up with my eyes closed. Mom and Dad were still in the room, and I fell asleep. I awoke to the feeling of someone holding my hand. Adam, I have been in a relationship for the past few months with a very special woman who has two small children. Her name is Jennifer Harrison, and she makes me happy. She is ten years younger than I am and is raising five-year-old twins, Olivia, and Jason. Her husband died in Iraq, and it has been difficult for her raising their children without a father.”
“She cried for me, Adam. She held my hand and wept. I looked down at our joined hands, and everything changed for me. I raised her hand to my lips and kissed her. Our eyes met, and at that moment, I felt happy. Feelings and emotions that I had long suppressed are awakening within me. I felt something that I thought had long died. I felt the need that a man feels for a woman.”
“While I was in the emergency room, an elderly man was in the bed next to me. He had a heart attack at work, and his wife sat next to him, giving him comforting words, and repeatedly saying that she loved him. It had me thinking, what would have happened if the bullet seriously injured me?”
“All of the events that have happened these past few months flooded my mind. I want a wife and children. I want to feel my wife lying next to me at night. I love her Adam, and she loves me.”
“I know our relationship has been complicated, and I am hopeful that we can form a new bond. I sense that Lydia is finally relaxing when she is near me, and that makes me happy. I will not lie to you, Adam. I want to be near Gail for no other reason than to watch her blossom into a young woman. The feelings that I have when I look at her make me long for something I never thought was possible. I want to hear the laughter of children at the end of the day. God help me, I want that in my life.”
“Technically, I am still a priest. I have requested Laicization. Father Mallard is refusing to grant my request. He is under the impression I will regain my sanity and return to my life of service. That will not happen. I want to share my life with Jennifer and the children. I must find a way to end this limbo that has become my life.”
Adam sat quietly for several minutes while he gathered his thoughts. John also remained quiet while he sifted the sand through is fingers. Several times, they looked at each other, not knowing what to say. Finally, Adam spoke. “I have to admit I never thought I would hear those words from you. I am happy you have found someone to love. Do you need help financially? Do you require assistance in find a job? I can make a few calls for you.”
“No. Thank you, Adam. I do not need help. I suppose it is ok to discuss this now. I wanted to keep this to myself until it became official. You are looking at the new Pastor of The Faith Baptist Church. My new position with the church is the reason I need to complete the Laicization process. I may need a lawyer.”
“I can help you if you need legal representation. John, I know what happened to you is a traumatic experience. We are still working through many issues, and I can no longer say I despise you. I would never want to see you hurt or injured, and I know my family feels the same. Gail is still struggling with the truth, and you must respect her decision. Lydia is slowly letting go of the nightmares. She has not had one in a few weeks. It will take time, but I know at some point in the future, she will be ok. Once Gail sees that her mother is no longer upset, she may make an effort to know you. Bobby, well, that boy is a mystery. He runs hot and cold, and currently, he no longer has the urge to beat the crap out of you.”
John laughed as he held the side of his face. “If he has a punch as strong as his father’s, I am in deep trouble. All joking aside Adam, I have to make a decision about my life. I think I need to talk to Dad.”
“How are the two of you getting along these days?”
“Much better, and I am grateful that we have a second chance to have a father-son relationship. I have learned that I cannot change the world. I can only make my small piece of it as happy as I can.” John retrieved his phone and called Colin. “Dad, Adam, and I are on the beach, not far from his house by the dune with the fence. Could you join us? I need to speak to you.”
“Is everything ok John? You sound funny.”
“I am troubled, and I need my father.”
Colin felt the tears well in his eyes. John needed him, and he was grateful for this second chance. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
When Colin arrived, he sat between his two sons. John spoke from the heart and told him everything. Colin did not hesitate with his advice. “They are keeping you in limbo to prove a point. I dislike this whole business of secrecy. Hire a lawyer and fight for your right to choose how you live your life.”
“I am happy that you have found love, John. Jennifer Harrison is a lovely young woman, and it is obvious she loves you. Jennifer has struggled since Craig’s death, and the children are not old enough to understand war. They only know Daddy is not coming home, and they are confused.”
“She told me they made the decision not to have children because of his military career, and at thirty-three, she became pregnant with twins. Craig rarely had time with his children, and they only know him through pictures and Skype. They cling to me, Dad. When I visit them, the run to me and hold on tight. I cannot describe the feelings I have when I hold them. I feel fiercely protective, and I feel love. I love Jennifer the way a man loves a woman, and she loves me.”
“Over the past few months, we have grown close. We talk about the things we want in life. When she touches me, I want to cry with joy. I feel like a man for the first time in my adult life. I feel the arousal and needs of a man, and I do not hide that from her. She supports my decision to resign. She tells me that life is too short to deny what the heart wants, and her heart wants me. She wants me Dad, and that makes me feel incredibly happy, because I also want her, and the children.”
“I only want you to be happy. Whatever decision you make, Maggie, and I will support you. When was the last time you spoke to Father Mallard?”
“It was a few days before the shooting. I asked him why my application was still on his desk. He told me that he continues to pray for me in the hopes I will regain my sanity, and resume my place in the church.”
“If this is what you really want, you need to resolve this as quickly as possible.”
John nodded his agreement. “If you wouldn’t mind, I’d like a few minutes alone to reflect and pray.” Adam and Colon walked back to the beach house in silence.
Lydia watched them approach and wondered why they looked troubled. “What’s wrong? The two of you looked like you’ve lost your best friend.”
Adam said. “Take a walk with me and I will tell you. Dad, I think you need to speak to Mom.”
Concerned, Lydia followed her husband to a quiet spot on the beach. Adam sat next to her and several minutes later she looked at him with shock on her face. “Wow, are you sure this is what he wants and not a knee-jerk reaction to the shooting?”
“He loves them, Lydia. I can hear it in his voice. This may be the start of an entirely new life for him, a life that he could have had before becoming a priest. We need to support his decision. I was surprised that Dad supports his decision. I am happy they have resolved their differences. Dad is a different man now that everything is out in the open. He is happier and relaxed, and well, not a bear.”
“Yes, it is amazing how the truth frees the soul.”
“Yes, it is, as evidenced by your lack of nightmares. How do you feel honey? Are you coming to terms with everything? Has Gail spoken to you lately? I try not to be a pain in the ass by hovering. I know that gets on her nerves.”
“Surprisingly, I feel good. It is a relief to sleep through the night without waking up in a cold sweat. I think it also helps that John no longer frightens me. Slowly, we are renewing our friendship. It will take time, but I feel optimistic about the future. I also think Gail is on the verge of accepting the new dynamics in our family.”

“We have to help our son,” Margaret cried. “Where is he?”
“He’s over by the sand dune. He wants time to reflect and pray.”
Margaret wasted no time running to her son. John sat with his head resting on his knees, and his arm tucked protectively against the side of his body. He looked dejected as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders. Margaret fought the urge to cry.
She bent down and ran her hand along the top of his head. John sighed inwardly at the tender gesture. He has waited his entire life to feel the loving touch of his mother. “I just spoke to your father. Whatever you need, whenever you need it, we will help you. Come back to the house. You are starting to burn.”
Upon standing, Margaret wrapped her arms around John and held him tightly. John shook with emotions so fierce, it brought tears to his eyes. Hand in hand, they walked back to the house. The remainder of the week passed in relative peace. By the end of the week, John’s decision to resign was firm in his mind. Colin gave him enough money to buy new clothing, and he asked Bobby to come with him. They drove to the outlet stores in Atlantic City. Adam joined them and it was a relaxing day.
As they walked the boardwalk, Bobby asked, “Uncle John, do you feel weird buying all of these clothes? I mean, you have been wearing black for twenty years. I have to say you rock in cargo shorts and a muscle shirt. Who knew you were so buff? Do priests actually work out in the gym?”
Ok, everyone stopped walking and stared dumbly and Bobby. The smile that crossed John’s face was infectious. He laughed so hard he had to sit down on the nearest bench. “Where do you get these questions, Bobby? If you must know, yes, I do work out and thank you for the compliment.”
“When are you leaving? Can you stay until we leave on Monday?”
“Well, I was going to ride back with Mom and Dad, but I would like to have a few more days. I have been struggling with my resignation letter.”
“Dad and I can help you compose it.”
“Thank you, Bobby, but I feel I must do this alone. Adam, I would like for you to read it once I’ve finished.”
“Sure, I can do that,” Adam said. “As long as you are comfortable sharing it with me.”
“Um guys,” Bobby said, “I’m like starving. Can we get something to eat before I pass out?”
“I think that's an excellent idea son, and lunch is on me.”
“Great, now I can eat like a pig!”

John said goodbye to his parents the following day, and the house was quiet. Gail retreated to the solitude of her bedroom, preferring to avoid everyone. Her leg always ached, and she was not good company. To break the ice, John brought her a big cup of water ice. He knocked gently on the bedroom door.
“Gail, I have water ice. Would you like some?”
“What flavor do you have?” she yelled through the door.
“I have mango. I’ve been told it’s your favorite flavor.”
“Ok, you can come in.”
Gail stared at John as he entered her room. He kept the door open, which eased the discomfort she felt being near him. He handed the cup to her and turned to leave the room. “Why are you leaving the church?”
Surprised by her question, John turned and approached her bed. “It’s complicated Gail, but I will try to explain it to you. First, let me say that it is not my wish to make you uncomfortable. I want to answer your question honestly. The main reason I am leaving the church is that I no longer feel happy with my life. I made the decision to become a priest for the wrong reasons. We all know what drove me from home. I struggled for many years in an attempt to find my place in this world. Whether it was right or wrong, my life became for lack of a better word, complacent. I lived a certain way, took no risks, and lived a solitary life. It suited me at the time and became a way of life that felt comfortable.”
“When I returned to Philadelphia, my life changed dramatically. I wanted to run back to my life of solitary confinement. I found it difficult dealing with the turmoil, and when Adam told me that you were my daughter, I wanted to scream why? I knew this would upset everyone’s life, and I was once again the cause. There are also internal conflicts between Father Mallard and myself. As you know, I requested a sabbatical to resolve a few internal conflicts, and my approval was contingent upon conditions that I could not live with.”
“The shooting changed everything for me and made me realize that my life, up to this point in time felt empty. I was hiding behind church doors, and for the first time, I felt like I was hiding. My faith was tested and I failed miserably. I also realized that I wanted more of life. I have to be honest when I say I am proud that you are a part of me. I know this makes you uncomfortable, and I am sorry that you are upset. It changed me knowing I fathered a child. It also made me want a family. I want a wife and children. I want a family that I can love, and who will love me. It’s not too late for me, and this the reason why I am resigning.”
“Gail, I will always be Uncle John to you, and I am happy in that role. Adam is a wonderful man and father, and I am proud that he is also my brother. We have lost so much time over the years, and I want us to be close. I want your mother to look at me without fear in her eyes. I want you to see me without anger in your eyes. I want all of us to live in peace and be happy. I want to be happy, and the only way to do that is to live my life.”
“Is it difficult leaving the priesthood?” Gail asked.
“No, it’s not difficult, but it is a long process called Laicization. The church takes away my use of powers, rights, and authority. I cannot wear clerical dress, and I cannot perform ceremonies or administer the sacraments. I must petition the Archbishop, and ultimately The Vatican, to release me from my vows.”
“Are you sad you’re no longer a priest, Uncle John?”
John smiled. “No, I am not sad, just disappointed by the lack of faith Father Mallard has shown me. I would never put you in the spotlight. I would never let anyone harm you. My back was against the wall, and I made the only decision I could at the time. On the up side, I found Jennifer, Olivia, and Jason. They are my life, Gail. I love all of them. They make me happy, and I want to live the remainder of my life with them. Someday, Jennifer and I will be married. I anxiously await that day.”
“Gail, if I ask you a question, will you answer me honestly?”
“Yes, Uncle John. I’ll tell you the truth.”
“Do I make you nervous being this close to you?”
Gail had thought about it for a minute before she answered his question. “No, you don’t make me feel nervous. I just feel weird because no matter how I try to ignore it, I know you’re my biological father. I can call you Uncle, or whatever, but I can’t forget that you’re technically my dad. I don’t want to say this in front of Dad because it will hurt him. He’s tried so hard to make me feel safe and protected. I love him, and I don’t know how to act when I’m near you.”
“Gail, I think for us to get past this, we need to be open and honest about our feelings. I am your Uncle, nothing more. Adam is your father because he has loved you since the day you were born. He is the only father you will ever know. What happened so long ago needs to stay in the past. None of us will have peace until we bury the ghosts of the past. Think about this Gail. You have a bright future ahead of you. Live your life, be happy, and know that your Uncle John loves you. I will always love you. Life is too short to relive past mistakes. Believe me; I have relived them for many years, and what I want more than anything is to move forward with my life. My life as a priest will end soon, and I look forward to the next chapter in my life.”
“I’ll try Uncle John. I don’t want to feel hatred when I see you. I know my mom is feeling better because she’s not nervous around you.”
“Thank you, Gail. You are a remarkable young woman. How’s the leg feeling today?”
“It doesn’t hurt too much. I took off the boot this morning and mom helped me take a shower. I had to sit on one of those old people’s shower chair. I can’t move my ankle. I know therapy is going to hurt.”
John laughed. “Tell me about it. I will need therapy for my shoulder once the wound heals. Why are you hiding in the house? Shouldn’t you be outside enjoying the sun?”
“I can’t walk with crutches on the sand. I don’t want to fall and break the other leg.”
“At least, you can sit on the front porch. If you go outside for a little while, I’ll get you another water ice.”
“That sounds good. Will you sit with me, Uncle John?”
“I’d love to sit with you.”
John helped her to stand and walked behind her as she left the house. When Adam heard the screen door open, he looked up and was surprised to see Gail. John followed her and helped her to sit. He propped up her leg on the ottoman.
Adam looked at John. “How did you get her out of the house? I have been trying since we got here. She wouldn’t leave her room.”
John laughed. “I bribed her with water ice.”
Everyone laughed. The tension is slowly leaving everyone. John was optimistic about the future.

John struggled for the remainder of the week and felt he finally had something that directly and succinctly conveyed his desire to start a new life while still holding on to the doctrines of his faith. He asked Adam and Lydia to read the letter. He felt guilty bypassing Father Mallard. He respected the priest; however, he could no longer live his life in limbo.
To: Archbishop Christopher Davidson
CC: Father William Mallard
From: Father John Patrick Brady
Subject: Laicization and release of vows
Archbishop Davidson,
It is with a heavy heart that I request Laicization and the release of my priestly vows. This decision does not come easy for me. My internal conflict with Father Mallard is also a factor in this decision. In my heart, signing a confidentiality agreement as a condition for sabbatical felt wrong to me. By now, you are aware of the reason for my refusal. I would never intentionally hurt Gail or my family. What transpired in my past is a family matter, and I intended to keep it that way. I felt like I was being blackmailed, and it troubled me deeply. What saddens me is the lack of trust Father Mallard placed in me.
The past few months have awakened needs in my heart that I cannot ignore. I have found love, Archbishop Davidson, and I cannot separate my love for a woman and her children, with my love for the church. The woman who has touched me so deeply has two small children who need love and nurturing. It is my desire to love and protect them all the days of my life.
Please accept this letter as my official resignation. I have petitioned Father Mallard on two separate occasions. He has refused to process my request, and as a result, I felt it was necessary to contact you directly. My life as a priest has been rewarding, but I feel the time has come to listen to my heart. I have found a way to serve God while having the family I so desperately want and need. My life is blessed, and my family has taken the first steps to healing old wounds. My life is full, and as I move forward, my love for God will always be a part of my existence.
With respect and gratitude
John Patrick Brady
Lydia wiped her eyes and she handed the letter to John. Adam only nodded his approval. What they both felt for John was a far departure from the anger they felt for him previously. His honest and touching emotions have melted whatever residual anger they felt for him.
Lydia spoke first. “Your letter was sincere and heartfelt and conveys your desire to start a new life. Jennifer and her children are lucky to have you in their lives.”
Adam agreed. “We are also fortunate that you have returned to the family John. As I have said before, you are a changed man, and all that we want is for you to have a happy life.”
“Thank you for your honesty. I spoke to Jennifer earlier today, and she is excited that this is finally happening, that we can begin our new life. I want that more than I can convey with words.”
Chapter 19
The following Monday, John prepared for his meeting and admitted to Jennifer that he was nervous. “My life has changed so much these past few months. I never imagined I would feel so happy. I love you Jennifer, but until I am no longer a priest, we cannot have an intimate relationship. I hope you understand and have the patience to wait until I am free from my vows. I am embarrassed to say this but feel like a virgin. I am treading in unfamiliar water, and I feel a little uncomfortable talking about this.”
She laughed. “I know how you feel sweetheart. After Craig had died, I thought my heart would shrivel up and die. I swore I would never love another man, and resolved myself to living the remainder of my life alone. I had two small babies that needed their mother, and for the past four years, my focus has been on their wellbeing. You snuck up on my blind side John, and I never saw it coming.”
“I knew you were a special man when you bonded with Olivia and Jason. They adore you, and they are happy and thriving. It’s hard explaining to them what happened to their father. Craig never wanted children because he knew the risks involved with military life. He made me promise to take care of them should something happen to him. I have tried so hard for the past five years to be a good mother to my babies. I work hard and provide a good home for them, but they lack the bond that only a father can provide.”
“I know you love my children. I absolutely know you love me. What I feel for you goes beyond love John. It amazes me that I feel this way. We have only known each other for a few short months. We need this time to strengthen our relationship. I want to make love to you as your wife, and I will be patient. You do want to marry me, don’t you?”
“Yes, my love, I want nothing more than to be your husband, to be a father to Olivia and Jason, and hopefully one day soon, have a child of our own.” John reached into his pocket and held in his hand a simple black velvet box. “Before I open the box, I need to tell you that I could only afford to buy you a ring from one of those TV shopping channels. My mother assures me that you will love it.”
With a shaky hand, John slid the ring onto her finger. “Jennifer Harrison, you are the first and only love of my life. You have taken my lonely heart and filled it with a love so overwhelming it leaves me speechless. Will you please release me from my loneliness and become my wife? I will love you and our children for the remainder of my happy life.”
“Oh John, yes I will marry you. My ring is so beautiful, and I will treasure it always. Olivia and Jason are a handful. I hope you are prepared for a ton of excitement.”
Later that evening, after dinner, John and Jennifer spoke to the children. “Ok you two, sit still for five minutes. Mommy wants to talk to you.”
Jason looked at her with a touch of fear in his eyes. “Are we in trouble Mommy?”
Laughing, she said, “No honey. You are not in trouble. Mommy wants to talk to you about John.”
Two sets of beautiful blue eyes looked at him. John squirmed in his seat, feeling like he was a bug under a microscope. Jason jumped off his chair, walked to John, and stood between his legs. His beautiful eyes glistened with unshed tears. “Are you going away, John? Please don’t go away.”
“No, little man, I am not going away.” John lifted him and sat Jason on his lap.
Jennifer opened her arms and Olivia crawled onto her lap as well. “I don’t understand Mommy. Are we in trouble?”
“No sweetheart. Mommy wants to share something with you and Jason. John asked Mommy to marry him, and I said yes. This means that he will be your new daddy.”
Jason looked up at John, apparently confused. “We already have a father in heaven. He is a hero.”
“Yes, he is,” John said. “Your daddy was a hero and we will never forget him. I love your mommy, and I love you and Olivia. I want to be your new daddy. It would make me happy being your daddy.”
Jason thought about this for a few minutes. “Ok. Can I watch cartoons?”
John looked at Jennifer and laughed. “Well, that was easy. Yes, you can watch cartoons for thirty minutes, then it's bed time little man.”
Apparently happy, Jason hugged John. “Bye Daddy,” he screamed as he ran towards the living room.
Jennifer still held Olivia. “Honey, how do you feel about John being your new daddy?”
“Will he live with us? I get sad when he leaves before we go to bed.”
“Yes, sweetheart, John will live with us.”
John opened his arms and Olivia ran to him. “I will be here every day chubby cheeks. We will be a family.”
“You won’t go away like my other daddy?”
“No Olivia. I will not go away like your other daddy. I will be your father for a long time.”
Olivia buried her face in his chest, and John felt something shift in the core of his being. He felt like a father for the first time in his life. It was a humbling feeling, and he would never forget this moment in time. He felt her little body relax in his arms. Rising to his feet, he carried her up to her bedroom. Jennifer pried Jason from the TV and took him to their room.
Placing Olivia on her little princess bed, John knelt down and adjusted her blanket. Hot tears burned the back of his eyes. Olivia opened her eyes, and her beautiful blue eyes melted his heart. “Will you read me a story, daddy?”
“What would you like to hear, chubby cheeks?”
“Will you read me Pinocchio?”
“Jason, do you want me to read Pinocchio?”
“Yeah, I love Pinocchio!”
“Ok, hurry up and put on your pajamas.”
Several minutes later, John sat between the two beds and opened the book. Five minutes later, both children were sleeping peacefully. John turned on the night light and quietly left the room. “I wish they would stay awake long enough for me to finish the story. I loved Pinocchio when I was a child.”
“You are going to be an excellent father. They love you and have already accepted you as their new father. Welcome to your new life. I hope you are prepared for bedlam!”
John laughed. “I can’t wait. Will you come with me tomorrow morning? I would rather not do this alone. You won’t be allowed into the rectory, but knowing that you are waiting for me will give me comfort.”
“There is no place that I’d rather be John. Will your parents watch the children?”
“My mother will be more than happy to babysit. You have an open invitation.”

John met with Father Mallard and showed him the letter. As expected, he was displeased with John’s decision. “You disappoint me, John. Why would you go directly to the Archbishop?”
“We have spoken several times this past month. I have requested Laicization more than once, and you refused to process my request. My life is in limbo. I have made plans for my future, and I can no longer wait to resolve this matter. This process takes time. I am unable to accept my new position. I am unable to marry the woman I love. I am unable to adopt her children.”
Father Mallard’s anger rose to the surface. “I want to convey to you that I am saddened and disappointed by your decision. Have you lost your faith, John? Are you certain this is the correct path to take? Can I convince you to reconsider your decision? Who is the woman that you want to marry? Are you making a hasty decision? What new position have you accepted?”
“My decision to resign is not a question of faith Father Mallard, but rather a realization that I have lived a lonely life, and I want the opportunity to be a husband and father. My love for my daughter has changed me and made me realize that I want a legacy. Two small children without a father need my love and support. Their mother has touched my heart so completely it astounds me. My love for them is strong and overpowering. I want nothing more than to grow old with them. Please understand Father Mallard that for as long as I live, they own my heart.”
“I have accepted the position of Pastor at The Faith Baptist Church. My faith remains strong Father Mallard, only the vessel that conveys the Word of God has changed. I have found a way to serve Our Lord and have the family I so desperately want and need.”
“I understand John, although you disappoint me. I had hoped to retire at the end of the year. The church needs young priests. You do realize that your oaths remain in effect until you receive a formal confirmation from the Vatican. The process of Laicization will take several months. You may be required to meet with the Cardinal. Until that time, you still have the option to withdraw your request.”
“I will not withdraw my application. When my release is final, I will marry Jennifer and adopt her children.” 
“Well, I guess there’s nothing more I can say, John,” Father Mallard said as he walked around the desk. “In some respect, I am happy you’ve resigned. Having a rapist in my church is something I want to avoid.”
Anger rose in John. “If this is how you feel, why did you delay my application for Laicization? If you wanted to get rid of me, why delay my request?”
“I wanted to punish you, John. I had time to read your file, and it surprised me that no one disciplined you. You had free reign to move about with no supervision. What you did to that young woman is a crime. This is my way of punishing you. I delayed your request.”
John sat for several minutes as he digested what Father Mallard had just said to him. “You disappoint me, Father Mallard. I have said many times that my past is a part of my permanent record. I had several meetings with Father Randall and the Archbishop before my vows, and I once again repented for past sins. I pledged to be a faithful priest. I promised to remain faithful to the teachings of the Bible. I worked diligently throughout my life as a priest to stay true to my vows. I have never disgraced the position I held within the church. I remind you of Psalms 32-1-2: Blessed is he whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man whose sins the Lord does not count against him. I leave here today with a clear conscience because Our Lord has forgiven me. I know my family has forgiven me. I was a good priest. You cannot take that away from me, and as I enter into the next chapter of my life, I know without a doubt I will be a good Pastor, husband, and father.”
I feel an immense sense of relief as I leave the rectory. Father Mallard’s words hurt me deeply. He does not hold faithful to the meaning of Christian forgiveness. How could he not see who I am now? What Father Mallard said to me today resolves any doubts that I made the correct decision. When I step outside and into the hot sun, my beautiful Jennifer opens her arms to me. It amazes me that she can read me so well. My heart surges with happiness. I am walking away from one life and into the arms of another. I feel blessed beyond measure, and I will cherish it all the days of my life.
“How was your meeting?”
“It went as well as can be expected. Father Mallard understood and accepted my decision, however; he had a few unkind parting words for me. Apparently, he is disappointed with my decision, and as punishment for past sins, he ignored my requests. If I had any doubts that I made the right decision, his parting words cleared them up for me. He is a bitter man, and I pray for his immortal soul.”
“Are you sad?”
“No, I feel relieved. I can now focus on the next chapter of my life. I want to take the children to the zoo. They have been asking me to take them to see the animals for several days. I am finally free to devote my life to you and the children. This is a happy day for me. I have an instant family and it feels wonderful.”

The process of Laicization was long, and in the months that followed John’s resignation from the priesthood, he found it awkward resuming his life. Many members of the church whispered as rumors spread throughout the parish. His absence from Sunday Mass fueled the rumors. The Sunday following his official resignation, Father O’Connell made the announcement before services. There were audible whispers, and several church members shook their heads in disgust. The resignation of a priest is always difficult to accept, especially a priest that everyone admired.
The Sunday following the announcement, John stunned the parishioners of his parish by arriving for services with Jennifer by his side, Olivia in his arms, and Jason holding his hand. Several church members gasped audibly as John and Jennifer took their seat next to his parents. When the mumbling failed to cease, Colin stood to address the congregation. Father O’Connell had just entered the church and witnessed the exchange.
“I have never seen my son smile the way he does now. Does he not deserve to be happy? Do any of you have the right to condemn my son?”
John stood, placed a soothing hand on his father’s shoulder, and asked him to sit. He needed to address the congregation. “Please everyone; let me explain my decision. It is not my intention to upset the congregation, and if my presence is upsetting everyone, my family, and I will find another church. My decision to request Laicization is apparent. My love for Jennifer, Olivia, and Jason is overwhelming. I want to be a husband to Jennifer, and father to Olivia and Jason. I want to come home to children who run into my arms with unconditional love in their hearts. I want a wife by my side who will love me in good times and bad, and who will be my partner in life. I know some of you disagree with my decision; however, I will not apologize. I hope you understand that it was the only decision I could make. I love all of them with every fiber of my being.”
John resumed his seat next to Jennifer. Visibly shaken by the confrontation, Jennifer reached out to hold his hand. Olivia, sensing that he was upset, stood next to him in the pew, wrapped her little arms around his neck, and said, “Don’t be sad Daddy, I love you.” With that simple statement, he relaxed.
“I love you too, chubby cheeks. Thank you, Olivia, I feel better.”
Oliva leaned in and whispered in his ear. “I like calling you Daddy.”
Wrapping a protective arm around his little girl, John said, “I like it too, sweetheart. I want to be your Daddy.”

As time passed, John grew into his new life. His return to his parent’s home turned out to be the most surprising. Colin and John bonded in a way they never had before, and that made Margaret happy. Every morning, they sat together and ate breakfast. They supported John while he waited for his official release date. He familiarized himself with the teachings of the Baptist Church. There were subtle differences in ideology, and he found that fascinating.
Every day started with breakfast with his parents, mornings devoted to religious study, afternoons and evening surrounded by his new family. As Thanksgiving approached, Margaret thought it would be a good idea to cook for the entire family.
Jennifer felt apprehensive about having dinner with his family. “Why are you a nervous honey? They are your new family. I spoke to Lydia last week, and she is excited about sharing Thanksgiving with you and the children. Relax and enjoy the day. We will have many more holiday celebrations as a family.”
“I know John. Your mother and father have been so wonderful to us. Margaret is in love with Olivia and Jason, and they love her. I have been alone for a long time. My family lives in Colorado, and we are not close. Craig was the only family that I had, and when he died, it broke me. And then, this good-looking man walked into my life and swept me off my feet.”
John blushed. She smiled. “Why do you blush when I tell you how I feel?”
“Honestly? I sometimes think you are speaking about another person. I am still navigating the nuances of a long-term relationship. I dream about you, Jenny. I have vivid dreams, and when you say things like that to me, my heart feels like it will explode out of my chest.”
She snuggled closer to him and whispered, “What do you dream about John? Can you tell me?”
Heat crept up his neck, as sweat trickled down his back. “I dream of making love to you honey. I dream of running my hands over your soft body. I dream of feeling myself in you, touching the deepest part of your soul. I’ve never felt this way about anyone Jenny. I know God sent you to me, and it is taking all of my strength to keep my vow.”
“Would it be a sin if I touched you?”
“It would be a sin if I reacted to your touch. I’m not made of steel honey. I struggle daily with my desire for you. I am still trying to separate the religious doctrine from my feelings and desires for you. Until I am no longer an ordained Catholic priest, I need to maintain control.”
“What would happen if you lose control? Would it be a mortal sin if you satisfied those feelings?”
“Yes, it would be a mortal sin. Every form of sexual gratification, whether it is watching pornography, having impure thoughts, to masturbation, for a priest, is a sin in the eyes of the Catholic faith. These doctrines are a part of me, Jenny. It is not easy breaking free from nineteen years of ideology. Please be patient with me honey.”
Jennifer pressed herself closer to him and wrapped her arm around his body. “Can you describe your dream for me, John? I want to hear the words.”
John removed the hand she had wrapped around him and slowly moved it down to his erection. He squeezed her hand around his arousal. “This is what I dream about Jenny. I want this more than I can say. I don’t know how long I can keep my vow. My desire for you grows stronger every day. It is becoming difficult hiding this from you.”
“Why hide it from me? I can help you. I can relieve the pressure without making love. You don’t have to suffer needlessly. What we do behind closed doors is our business. Let me take care of you John.”
“No Jenny. If you do, I won’t be able to stop myself.”
“Let me ask you a question. Why would it be wrong if I touched you? We are engaged to be married. We love each other. Being intimate is an expression of our love. Do you want me to touch you?”
“More than I can say, Jenny. It’s all I’ve thought about for a very long time.”
Slowly she ran her hand up and down his aching erection. The sensation felt wonderful. John closed his eyes and let the arousal take control. Jennifer unzipped his jeans, and he felt the blessed relief as his erection sprang free. Her hands were soft as they gently caressed him. Breathing deeply, he tried to control the rising need that gripped him. His hips thrust slowly as the pressure of her hand intensified.
Jennifer bent her head and took the tip of his penis into her mouth. John’s hand instinctively slid into her hair. Words escaped him. He could only feel. Her other hand caressed him and at that moment, he cried out, “I feel it, Jenny. Oh, I feel it. I love you so much.” Jenny stroked him into a powerful orgasm that robbed him of conscious thought. Thick semen coated her hand as she continued stroking him. His hips thrust violently. His hands gripped the bedspread as he continued to come. It was the most intimate experience of his life. Nothing in his previous life compared to this.
When she returned from the bathroom with a warm washcloth, he blushed. “I can do that honey.”
She brushed his hand away. “Let me to this John. I want to take care of you. How do you feel?”
“I have no words to express how I feel. I have never felt so happy in my entire life. What did I do to deserve such a lovely woman?”
“I ask myself that question every day. We belong to each other John. Would you like to take care of me now?”
“Yes. I would. Show me what to do.”
Jenny showed him what to do. She removed her clothing and sat facing him. She lowered his head to her breast. Her skin was so soft. Her nipples were a beautiful shade of pink. Need, lust, and desire so intense gripped him. His eyes pierced her with hunger so strong she trembled in his arms.
“I want your fingers inside me, John. I want to come in your arms. I want it so badly.”
With trembling hands, John slid two fingers into the heat of her body. Her hips rocked slowly as she found her rhythm. His lips and tongue sucked and caressed her nipples. The sight of her beautiful body taking pleasure from his touch inflamed his desire for her. With his other hand, he freed his cock and felt her grip him again. Their eyes never left each other as they fell apart in each other’s arms.
John kissed the crevice between her breasts. Hot tears burned his eyes and she felt him shake in her arms. He was crying and it broke her heart. “It’s alright John. I know this was an emotional experience for you.”
John fell apart in her arms. The tears refused to stop. He cried for several minutes as Jennifer cradled him in her arms. She was still naked, legs wrapped around his waist, soft breasts brushing against his beautiful face.
With a deep sigh, John relaxed in her arms. “I have so many emotions churning inside me Jenny. I never knew I could feel this way. When you touch me, I wanted to scream to the heavens, thank you for guiding me to this beautiful angel. Holding your lovely, sexy, naked body in my arms is in my heart, heaven. I long for the day when we are husband and wife. I crave the day when I can finally make love to you as your husband.”
“I want you to talk to me, John. I know these emotions and the physical closeness are new experiences for you. You have lacked the touch of a woman for many years. We have plenty of time to discover each other’s body. I want to make you happy John. I want you to fall apart when I touch you. I want you to bury yourself so deep in me that our souls touch. I want all of it, and I want it with you.”
“My beautiful Jenny, I want all of those things too. I want to come home to a house filled with love. I want to feel you against me at night. I want to see your stomach grow with my child. I never knew happiness like this existed. I want to grow old with you. I want to hold my grandchildren in my arms and watch them grow, and I want all of it with you.”
John was about to kiss her again when they heard Jason say, “Mommy, where are you?”
They both laughed. John said, “I think we need to get dressed.”
Chapter 20
Eleven Months Later
A registered letter arrived for John from the Vatican. Margaret held the letter in her hand as she called John. “Where are you? You have a letter from the Vatican.”
“I am helping Jenny fix the basement window. Can you bring the letter over to her house?”
Jennifer heard the conversation. “This is it, John. The waiting is finally over.”
Laughing, he lifted her into his arms and swung her around the basement. “You’re making me dizzy. Put me down please before I throw up.”
“No. I will stop twirling you, but I refuse to put you down. You feel too sexy in my arms.”
“I have to say, Mr. Brady, that you have become very vocal in conveying your feelings towards me.”
“You, my love have freed me. If this letter is my official separation from the church, we are getting married as soon as possible. Mom told me last month that she would plan everything. All we have to do is show up for the ceremony.”
“Do you think she is in a hurry to get us married?”
“Oh, you can guarantee it. They want grandchildren.”
“Your relationship with your parents is so strong. They love you.”
“Yes it is, and I love them. I feel like a different person. I feel free, for lack of a better word. I feel free from the weight of the past. I feel free to love you without the scorn of others. I just feel incredibly blessed.”
Colin and Margaret arrived with the letter, and a basket full of homemade muffins. The children loved her chocolate chip muffins. She handed the letter to John and he stood looking at it. He was afraid to open it.
Colin barked, “What are you waiting for John? Open the damn letter.”
John opened the letter, read the contents and smiled. Today is the first day of his new life.

Margaret became a whirling dervish as she planned John and Jennifer’s wedding. The couple wanted an intimate wedding with only the immediate family. The days leading up to the wedding were hectic for everyone. Last minute changes to the menu had Margaret screaming at the caterer. John started Thursday morning with a visit from Gail. It surprised him when she knocked on his office door. “Uncle John, It’s Gail, can I come in?”
It surprised John to hear her voice. John rose from his seat and opened the door. “Gail, how are you?”
“I'm all right, Uncle John. I wanted to speak to you before the wedding. Do you have the time now?”
“I always have time for you Gail. Please, sit down. Would you like something to drink? I always keep ginger ale and orange juice in the refrigerator for the children. Jason loves orange juice in his soda. I also have oatmeal raisin cookies that Jenny made yesterday.”
“That sounds good, thanks.”
Several minutes later, they both had cookies and soda. John leaned forward and placed his hands on his desk. “Now that we are high on sugar, what can I do for you, Gail?”
Hesitantly, she said, “I want to say something to you. I’ve had several conversations with my mother in the past few months. We talked about everything, and on some level, I still found it hard letting go of the anger. Something happened to me recently, and it made me re-evaluate the situation.”
John sat back in his chair and placed his hands on his lap. He did not want Gail seeing his hands shake. “I’m almost afraid to ask what changed your opinion of me.”
“It was the weekend you and Aunt Jenny went on a retreat. I stayed at her house with Olivia and Jason. I had so much fun that weekend. Mom and I took them to the aquarium to see as Olivia calls them, ‘the fishies.' We were sitting in the food court, and Olivia looked sad.”
“What’s wrong Olivia? You look sad.”
“I miss my daddy. When is he coming home?”
“Mommy and Daddy will be home on Monday. That’s only two days.”
“I love my Daddy. He reads to me and takes me places. We have fun. He calls me chubby cheeks.”
“I’m sure you have a lot of fun.”
“I’m happy he is my daddy.”
Gail turned to Jason and said, “Do you miss Mommy and Daddy?”
The look on his face melted Gail’s heart. Tears welled in his beautiful blue eyes.
“Will Daddy come back? Will he stay away like my other Daddy?”
Gail lifted him off the chair and sat him on her lap. Lydia sat in awe as Gail soothed two innocent souls. It was heartwarming and she fought the urge to cry.
“Honey, what happened to your other Daddy was sad. Your Daddy was a brave soldier. Uncle John is not a soldier, and he will be home in two days. Daddy is at a school for Ministers. He wants to be the best Minister, and also the best Daddy.”
“He is the best Daddy. He tells me funny stories, and we ride our bikes after supper, and he plays with me.”
“Do you love your Daddy?”
“Uh huh, I love my new Daddy. He took us to see my other Daddy. I was sad and I cried. Daddy said it was ok to cry.”
“Do you want to talk to Mommy and Daddy? I can call them.”
In a sad, timid voice, Jason said, “I miss Daddy.”
Gail reached for her phone and called John. “Hi Uncle John, I have two lonely babies who miss Mommy and Daddy. They want to speak to you.” Gail put the call on speaker, and when the children heard his voice, they became animated and happy.”
“Hi Olivia and Jason, are you being good for Aunt Gail?”
Olivia screamed into the phone. “Daddy, the fishies are so big.”
Jason chimed in. “Daddy, I saw a big shark. Aunt Gail bought me a shark toy. I had fun.”
John laughed into the phone. “I’m happy the two of you are having fun. Mommy and Daddy miss both of you.”
Jason leaned into the phone and whispered, “Are you coming home soon?”
“Yes, little man. Mommy and Daddy will be home on Monday.”
“Are you sure you’re coming back?”
John soon realized the children are suffering from separation anxiety.
“I am sure. Mommy and Daddy will be home Monday morning. Would you and Olivia like to go to the food court for lunch? After we eat, we can go visit gram and gramps. Would you like that?”
Both children brightened with excitement and screamed a unified “Yes.”
“Ok, funny bunnies, Daddy has to go back to his meeting. I’ll call you tonight before bedtime. Love you so much. Gail, call me when its bedtime and I will read them a story.”
“Ok, Uncle John. I’ll call you.”
After she had disconnected the phone, she said, “Do you want to see more fishies?”
Later that night, Gail watched Olivia and Jason stare at her phone in silent fascination as John read them a bedtime story. By the time he finished his story, both children were sleeping peacefully. Gail retrieved her phone and slipped quietly from the room.
“They’re down for the count. You also had my eyes drooping. You are an excellent storyteller.”
John laughed. “It’s my favorite time of the day. I love them so much Gail. They own my heart.”
Those few words changed Gail’s opinion and the last remnants of her anger dissipated.
“It is obvious they love Daddy.”
“God has granted me my most desired wish. I have a family that I love beyond words. I love all of you.”
“That was a very special weekend for me. The person you are now is not the same person who hurt my mother. I want to tell you that I love you, and I am happy you are a part of my life. I wanted to hate you, and when I first found out that you are my biological father, I did not want to see you again. You will never know how devastated I was when I learned the truth. My dad tried to keep a positive attitude, but it felt like everything that I thought was solid in my life fell apart.”
“What I discovered in the last few months is that you are a good person, and good people sometimes make mistakes. I hate the fact that you hurt my mom. I also knew you hated yourself, and that made me feel good. I wanted to see you suffer. I no longer want to see you suffer. Leaving the church was the best decision you could have made. Anyway, I just want to say that I forgive you, and I hope we can be friends.”
John walked around his desk, sat next to her, and held her hand. “I know it took courage for you to say this to me. I have prayed that you would find it in your heart to forgive me. I also hoped we would eventually have a relationship with each other. I will always be your Uncle. Adam is your father, and he loves you with his whole heart, and I love all of you.”
“I remember the day I entered the seminary. I was so distraught about what I did to your mother. I remember sitting on the curb crying like a baby. My life was a mess. I was addicted to cocaine and I can honestly say I wanted to die. I wanted to end the pain, and I did not care how I did it.”
“A very kind and gentle priest helped me that day. He sat with me and took care of me as I suffered from horrible withdraw. You are correct when you said good people make mistakes. I have to be honest when I say I was not a good man. Had I been one, I never would have hurt Lydia. Was I happy knowing I was your father? Yes, I was elated, because I had given up any hope of having a family. My time as a priest, when I look back now, was a form of punishment. I had to seek absolution, and being a priest was the vessel. It was an incorrect motivation, but I can say I was a good priest. I grew into that role and I was happy.”
“I am glad you are here today. I am very proud of you Gail. You are a beautiful, intelligent young woman. I am proud that a part of me lives on in you. I will always love you, as your Uncle John. In two days, I begin the next chapter in my life, and I am honored you will share this special day with us.”
A single tear escaped from her beautiful green eye, and John gently wiped it from her cheek. “Why are you crying?”
Sighing, she said, “I feel a little guilty sitting here with you. I don’t want to hurt my dad. I want us to have a relationship.”
“Gail honey, you are not hurting your father by having a conversation with your Uncle. Adam told me that he gave you a copy of the adoption papers. Legally, I am no longer your father. I waived that privilege so that Adam could adopt you. Being a father is not about biology. I was not there when you were a child. Please do not feel guilt when you are with me. Your father and I have made considerable progress reconnecting as brothers. We’ve discussed the possibility of us having a relationship. I told Adam I would respect your boundaries. I would not insert myself into your life if you did not wish it. I’ve waited patiently for this day Gail. Always remember that I am your Uncle, and we will have a great friendship. Do not put this stress on your shoulders.”
“Ok, thanks, Uncle John. Is it ok if I tell you I love you?”
“It’s more than ok Gail because I also love you.”

The night before the wedding, the entire family gathered for dinner at Fiorino’s, courtesy of Adam. It surprised John when Lydia sat next to him. He felt anxious and reached under the table to hold Jennifer’s hand. As the evening progressed, the atmosphere became less tense.
Colin stood to make a toast. “Ok everyone, be quiet. I would like to make a toast to the happy couple. John, I am so proud of the man you have become. Our family is stronger because of you. All of us have taken a tough journey this past year. We have cried, laughed, and loved each other. At the end of the day, we are stronger because of our love for one another. Tomorrow you begin a new journey, one of love and happiness. Your mother and I wish you many years of happiness. Jennifer, I thank you for loving my son. His smile is infectious and his joy is evident every time he looks at you and the children. Welcome to our family.”
Lydia glanced at Adam, and he nodded discretely. She turned in her seat to face John. “This past year has seen many changes within our family. I never thought I would find it in my heart to forgive what happened so long ago. I never thought I would be comfortable being in the same room with you. I am happy that you have found someone to love. I wish the both of you a long and happy marriage, filled with love and laughter.”
John addressed his family. “I am overwhelmed and so very grateful that all of us are gathered here this evening. When I returned to Philadelphia, I never envisioned my life taking the course that it has. This past year has been cathartic for me. My life has taken a different path, one that I eagerly await. Tomorrow, the next chapter of my life begins, and I will marry the woman who has stolen my heart. I will open my arms and my heart to two adorable children that I love beyond words. More importantly, I will share this blessed event with my family. I love all of you so very much. I am humbled and grateful for your love and support this past year. Without all of you, I would cease to exist.”
Chapter 21
The following morning, under a clear blue sky, John and Jennifer exchanged wedding vows in a traditional ceremony. Pastor Butler performed the ceremony in the courtyard behind the church. John stood before the pergola and adjusted his collar several times. He felt like he was choking. His stress level was off the charts. Colin patted him on the back and laughed. “It’s only pre-wedding nerves, John. Take a deep breath. You are turning green.”
“I’ve waited so long for this day. You’d think I would be prepared for the jitters.”
“Everyone is nervous on their wedding day. It’s entirely normal and fascinating to watch.”
“Wipe that smug look on your face Dad before I throw up on you.”
Colin leaned in and whispered to him. “Think of the honeymoon John. You’ve waited a long time for this day. Tonight will be the most important night of your life. Remember the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Jennifer is your pot of gold.”
Those few words calmed his nerves. “Thanks for the pep talk. I feel better.”
“You’re welcome, John. Oh look, here comes Olivia. Isn’t she so adorable?”
John watched his daughter walk down the aisle with a little basket of rose peddles. When she reached the pergola, she smiled up and John and his heart melted. Jason soon followed with the rings. His steps were slow and steady. He did not want to drop the rings.
Both children stood on either side of John and looked up at him with love and accomplishment in their eyes. He loved them with an intensity so overwhelming it defied words. When the music started to play, he focused his attention on the vision of beauty that walked towards him. The soft melody of “The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face” played in the background. Jennifer’s dress was simple and classic. Her eyes shown with love and tears, as she walked towards the love of her life.
John reached out to take her hand, and together, they stood in front of the Pastor. He whispered to her, “You look stunning. I love you madly.”
Pastor Butler spoke eloquently. “We have come together in the presence of God to witness the joining together of this man and this woman in the bond of marriage. It is one of man’s greatest blessings and one of his most awesome responsibilities. John and Jennifer thank you for joining them and sharing in this very special day.”
“Who is giving this woman to be married to this man?”
Adam stepped forward. “I do.”
“Please join hands. John, do you intend to take this woman whose hand you are holding to be your lawful wedded wife, and do you pledge before God and man to love, honor, and protect her through sunshine and shadow alike, keeping yourself unto her alone until death shall separate you? If so, answer, “I do.”
“I do,” John said with tears in his eyes.
“Jennifer, do you intend to make this man, whose hand you hold, to be your lawful wedded husband and do you pledge before God and man to be to him a loving and true wife, through sunshine and shadow alike, keeping yourself unto him alone, until death shall separate you? If so, answer, “I do.”
“I do,” Jennifer said as she squeezed John’s hand.
John turned to face Jennifer. “I John Patrick Brady take you Jennifer Elizabeth Harrison to be my wife, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, excluding all others, as long as we both shall live. With God as my witness, I give you my pledge.”
Jennifer repeated the marriage vows. “I Jennifer Elizabeth Harrison  take you John Patrick Brady to be my husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, excluding all others, as long as we both shall live. With God as my witness, I give you my pledge.”
Pastor Butler continued. “You have chosen to seal your vows by the giving and receiving of rings. The ring forms a perfect circle without a beginning or an end, and is thereby a symbol of eternity and signifies the duration of the commitment you are making. Let us now exchange these rings.”
John: “I give you this ring, as a symbol of my vow, and with all that I am, and with all that I have. I will honor you.”
Jennifer: “I give you this ring, as a symbol of my vow, and with all that I am, and with all that I have. I will honor you.”
“And now, by the authority vested in me as a minister of the Gospel, and by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
John lifted Jennifer’s veil, placed both hands on her face, and gently kissed her. Jason and Olivia clung to his legs. John bent down and lifted Olivia into his arms. Jennifer held Jason. Turning to face his family, Pastor Butler said, “It is my honor to introduce to you, for the first time, Pastor John Brady and his wife, Jennifer Brady.”
John’s eyes focused on Father Mallard, who stood by the only tree in the courtyard. Walking over to greet him, John felt apprehensive. “Father Mallard, I’m pleased to see you here today.”
“It’s good to see you also Pastor Brady. I hesitated to come here today. I must confess I feel the need to apologize to you. I was angry and disappointed when you left the priesthood. I am also mad at myself for forcing the issue with Gail. I feel I was the catalyst for your renouncing your vows. I also want to apologize for the hurtful things I said to you at our last meeting. It was uncalled for, and I am deeply ashamed of myself.”
“There is no need to apologize Father Mallard. I have grown this past year, not only as a man but also as a vessel for Our Lord Jesus Christ. The attire I wear may look different. However; my faith, my devotion to the word of God has not changed.”
“I am so pleased to hear those words, Pastor Brady. You have a lovely family. It’s obvious to me those two precious souls love their father.”
“And I love them, Father Mallard, with all that I am. Would you like to join us today? I would be honored to share our happiness with you.”
“Thank you, John. I would love to share in your happiness.”
The reception party consisted of John’s parents, Adam’s family, his sister Mary, Pastor Butler, several clergy members from his new church, and the children. The couple wanted a quiet wedding and did not wish to draw attention to their marriage.
Colin stood and clinked his glass. “I’d like to propose a toast to the happy couple. John, this past year with you has been the best year of our lives. For the first time in my life, I see you. It makes me so happy sharing my life with you, and now, I have a beautiful daughter-in-law and two rambunctious grandchildren. Your mother and I are proud of the man you have become. Our family is resolute in our love of God, family and loved ones. I wish the two of you a long and happy marriage.”
Father Mallard stood to address the family. “John has graciously invited me to celebrate this happy day. It is with a humble heart that I stand before you today. It is a true testament to Our Lord Jesus Christ that this beautiful family has come together to celebrate this happy event. I have peace in my heart knowing John has not strayed from the core principles that made him a valuable, kind, and loving priest. As you embark on the next chapter of your life, I would like to be a friend to you, Pastor Brady. This community needs dedicated men of faith, men who will nurture and instill the love of God and the dedication of faith to future generations.”
“If I may, I would like to pray for John and Jennifer Brady. Father, you have made the bond of marriage a holy mystery, a symbol of Christ’s love for his Church. Hear our prayers for John and Jennifer. With faith in you and in each other, they pledge their love today. May their lives always bear witness to the reality of that love. We ask this through our Lord Jesus Christ, your Son, who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, one God, forever and ever. Amen.”
In unison, everyone said, “Amen.”

“John, why are you so secretive? Where are we going?”
“It’s a secret. Be patient my love. We’ll be there soon.”
“The suspense is killing me. I miss the children. Maybe I should call Mom to see if they are okay.”
“Honey, it’s almost midnight. They are sleeping now. We can call them tomorrow.”
The road was dark, which made it difficult seeing the road signs. However, the familiar scent of seawater became apparent. “I know where we’re going!” Jennifer said as she clapped her hands.
“Adam gave me the keys to their house in Cape May. He said Lydia drove down yesterday morning and stocked the refrigerator. We have enough food for the next week.”
“That was very kind of them to do this for us.”
“Yes, it is. I was surprised when Gail came to see me Thursday morning.”
“She is a lovely young woman. Would it upset you if I said she looks like you?”
Stunned by the comparison, John remained silent for several minutes as he absorbed her words. “I was afraid to say it, Jenny. I noticed it immediately, but I did not want to upset Lydia and Adam. They are Gail’s parents, not I. I will always be Uncle John to her, and I’m happy assuming that role in her life. I have my family Jenny. I have a beautiful wife and two adorable children. I am blessed in this life, and I will love and cherish all of you for the remainder of my life.”
Jenny reached over to hold his hand. “The children adore you John, and their mommy is crazy in love with daddy.”
It was well after one in the morning when John parked the car. He walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for Jenny. Lifting her into his arms, he carried her into the house. The sudden movement in the room set off the sensors, and light illuminated the first floor of the house. A banner that said “congratulations” hung over the entryway to the dining room, and fresh flowers, strategically placed throughout the living area set the mood for the evening. Propped up on one of the vases was a letter. It was in Lydia’s handwriting. He gave the letter to Jenny. “Please read the letter, Jenny. I suddenly feel nervous.”
Jenny sat down and opened the envelope.
Dear John and Jennifer,
“First, I would like to say that I am pleased you have accepted our invitation. Please make yourself at home. Adam and I are happy to share our house with you. John, for the first time since you returned to Philadelphia, I honestly feel that we have become good friends. I was so angry with you and feared I would never accept what happened between us. My first concern is and will always be my daughter.
She told us she went to see you. At first, I was surprised, knowing how she’s felt this past year. Her relationship with you is new, and I feared she would be hurt if she got too close to you. Gail told me what the two of you discussed, and I have to say I am relieved she has accepted the situation for what it is.
I’ve watched you this past year, and I know you are a changed man. Your faith has never faltered. Your commitment to the word of God is strong. The love you feel for Jenny and the children is tangible. Everyone sees it, and we are happy you have found what your soul desperately needs.
We all mistakes John, some more grievous than others, and in the light of day, my heart no longer fears you. I embrace who you are now, and through God’s glory, I have forgiven you. Be happy John. Love you family, live life to the fullest, and through God’s mercy, we will cherish this time on earth.”
With profound respect and love
Lydia
Unable to speak, John walked into the kitchen. Jenny followed him, and when he turned to face her, his eyes glistened with tears. “I am overwhelmed Jenny. God has bestowed a precious gift upon me. For the first time in many years, my heart does not ache with remorse. I prayed every day, hoping Lydia would see who I am now and forgive me. I am so very grateful for her forgiveness and love. It humbles me, Jenny. It humbles me to tears.”
Jenny reached up and wiped the tears that now ran down his beautiful face. “I want to tell you the story of a kind, gentle man who called me one night, seeking a friend. This man had a tortured soul, and in his hour of need, he called me. He told me the story of his life, and I could hear the fear in his voice. He feared my rejection. We became great friends and to my delight, I fell madly in love with him. My children adore the ground he walks on.”
“And as the story goes, they lived happily ever after. The lonely woman found her prince charming, wrapped in clerical cloth. My love and my faith in my husband never waver. It grows stronger every day. You have proven through words and deeds how much you love me, how much you love Olivia and Jason. Hopefully one day soon, we will embrace our child, a child conceived with love.”
John wrapped his arms around his wife and pulled her closer to him. “Nothing would make me happier than seeing you carry my child. I have waited so long for this day. I have patiently waited to make love to you as your husband.”
Jennifer held his hand in hers, and they walked through the house, and up to the guest bedroom. Upon entering the bedroom, the scent of fresh flowers swirled around them. Their suitcases sat in the corner of the room. Suddenly nervous, John sat on the edge of the bed and instinctively reached for his rosary beads.
“Are you nervous?” she asked quietly as she knelt before him.
“Yes. I want you so much it scares me.”
“We don’t have to do anything tonight but hold each other. When you feel ready, we can make love.”
“Believe me; I am ready now.”
Jennifer leaned into John and kissed his neck, her teeth gently biting his earlobe. Lust shot up John’s spine and he reached out for her. “Make love to me Jenny sweetheart. Show me how much you love me.”
Rising from her kneeling position, she walked over to retrieve her overnight bag. “I have a surprise for you. Give me ten minutes,” she said as she left the bedroom.
John continued sitting on the bed, suddenly afraid to move. He retrieved his overnight bag and when he opened it, there was a present inside for him. “Wear this for me,” the card said. When he opened the box, inside was a pair of black silk boxers. John smiled as he quickly undressed. He was lying on the bed when he heard the door open. The vision of beauty that stood before him astounded him.
Jennifer stood before him in a peach sheer floral-laced babydoll with a matching G-string. Her brown hair flowed freely down her back and shoulders, and the sight of her standing before him stopped his heart.
John moved to the edge of the bed and opened his arms. Jennifer walked to him and drew him to her breast. He inhaled her sweet scent, a combination of almond and cherry, and kissed the crevice between her breasts. “God has blessed me, Jenny. I feel as if I’ve been re-born. You stand before me as my wife, the love of my life, and the only woman who has completely stolen my heart. I pledge to you my undying love, now, and for all eternity.”
“I love you, John. I knew it the first time you kissed me. This past year has been the happiest of my life. It still amazes me how much my children love you. It amazes me how much you love us. I want to make love to you John. I want to show you the depths of my love.”
With bodies entwined, and souls joined for a lifetime and beyond, John closed his eyes as he slowly made love to his wife. “Oh Jenny, I’ve waited so long to feel this, to share this intimacy with you.” Lost in the emotions that overwhelmed him, John had his first climax with his wife.
Later, as they lay entwined with each other, Jennifer whispered to him, “You are awfully quiet. What are you thinking?”
“I love holding you like this. I imagined so many times what it would feel like when we made love for the first time as husband and wife, and I had it so incredibly wrong. Never again will I have to leave you at the end of the night. It broke my heart leaving you and the children. I am excited to start our new life as a family. Let’s call Mom and Dad tomorrow morning. I want the children with us this week.”
“I think that’s an excellent idea. They love the beach. It was so generous of Lydia and Adam to share their home with us.”
“Roll over onto your side honey. I want to hold you as I fall asleep.”
John and Jennifer spent their first night as husband and wife wrapped around each other.

The next morning at precisely five thirty AM, John’s cell phone rang. He fumbled for the phone and became concerned when he saw his father’s name on the call screen. “Dad, is everything ok? Why are you calling so early?”
“Well hello to you too, son. Sorry to wake you, but Jason has been screaming for his daddy for the past half hour. Please talk to him before he makes himself sick. He has Olivia all riled up as well. Those kids miss their parents.”
John laughed, which prompted Jenny to open her eyes. “Who are you talking to at this ungodly hour?”
“It’s my father. Jason is having a fit, and he wants me to talk him off the ledge.”
“Put him on the phone Dad.”
Several seconds had passed before John heard sniffles. “Daddy, where are you?”
“Mommy and I are at Uncle Adams house. Why are you crying little man?”
“I was scared when I woke up.”
“Why were you scared? Granny and Gramps are with you.”
“I miss you, Daddy. Can you come home now?”
“Can you hand the phone back to Gramps? I want to talk to him.”
“Ok, bye Daddy.”
Several seconds later, Colin had the phone. “Dad, pack a bag for the children. We already miss them and want them with us this week.”
“Are you sure about this John? It is your honeymoon. Do you want two five-year-old children underfoot for an entire week?”
He looked to Jennifer and she nodded her approval. “Jenny just agreed with me. Yes, I want my children to be with us this week. We’ll go to the grocery store and have the house stocked with enough food to feed an army.”
“That’s very magnanimous of you son. We’ll see you in a few hours.”
John disconnected the call and placed his phone back on the nightstand. Rolling over to face his wife, he planted little kisses up and down her cheek and neck. “We have approximately three hours to ourselves. How should we pass the time?”
Wrapping one of her legs around his body, Jenny whispered, “Oh, I can think of a few things to occupy the time.”

John’s family arrived around noon. John and Jenny were sitting outside waiting for them. “Daddy, Daddy! We missed you!”
John knelt down, opened his arms, and they ran to him. Jenny stood in the background and watched her family. She felt Margaret’s hand on her arm and turned to face her new mother-in-law.
“I have never seen my son so happy. He loves them so much. How are you, honey?”
“Oh Mom, last night was incredible.”
Margaret wrapped an arm around her. “The children talked non-stop as soon as we got in the car. Daddy this, Daddy that. Daddy, Daddy, Daddy.”
Jenny laughed. “I know. They do the same thing every night at bedtime. Daddy, read us a story. Daddy, when can we go to the zoo? Daddy, why do you have to leave every night? It’s going to be so different once we get home. John repainted our bedroom a couple of weeks ago, and I bought new bed linens. I want him to feel comfortable in his new home.”
“Wherever you and the children are, that’s home to him. Why do you think he wants the children with him this week?”
At that moment, Jenny felt Olivia pull on her dress. “What is it, honey?”
“Mommy, can we walk on the sand? Gramps said we could.”
“We’ll take them,” Colin said and looked at John for confirmation. “Our beautiful wives can sit and relax.”
“Oh my, my heart is all pitter patter,” Margaret joked. “When was the last time you said I as beautiful?”
Colin frowned. “I’m sorry if I don’t say it, honey. I have always thought you were beautiful, and I love you very much.”
Rendered speechless by Colin’s heartfelt words, she walked over to him and kissed him passionately. “I love you madly, you old codger.”
“I love you too, Maggie.”
John and Colin walked to the dune not far from the house. The children immediately ran off to play in the sand. John brought along a couple of buckets and showed the children how to make a sand castle.
Once seated, John took a deep breath and sifted sand through his fingers. “I remember the last time I sat here. My life is so different now. Look at them Dad. They are my children. We signed the adoption papers the day before the wedding. I’m a father and it feels wonderful.”
Colin patted him on the back. “You are so different John. I have watched you blossom this past year. You made the right decision with your life. I anxiously await your first sermon. Your mother and I are converting. We want the family to remain united in our faith.”
Stunned, John turned to face his father. “You would do that for my family and me?”
“Of course, we would John. You are our son, and this past year has taught me that time is too short to miss bonding with my family.” Colin moved closer to John and whispered, “How was last night? Was it everything you hoped it would be?”
“It was the most beautiful night of my life. For the first time since I resigned, I did not feel like a priest. I felt like a man, with strong, intense need for my wife. These feeling are new for me. It felt wonderful waking up this morning and feeling my wife’s warm body wrapped around me.”
Colin sighed. “I often wondered what would have happened had you signed the confidentiality agreement and remained a priest.”
“I know what would have happened. I would have asked for a transfer, and once again leave my family. It was an impossible situation. It surprised me seeing Father Mallard at the wedding. Our last meeting was not a pleasant one.”
Colin scoffed. “He’s probably afraid you’ll steal some of his parishioners. I don’t buy into his ‘let’s be friends act’. Watch your back, John. He’s up to something.”
John laughed. “Don’t worry Dad. I’m a big boy and can take care of myself.”
Later that night, Colin and Maggie said goodbye to everyone. John carried the children up to their room and helped them to bed. They were fast asleep five minutes later. He stood in the doorway and watched his children sleeping peacefully. Tears pricked his eyes because they were now legally his children. The turmoil of the past year faded away, and his new life lies on the horizon.
John felt his wife’s hand on his back. “Why are you standing in the doorway?” she asked quietly.
“I love watching them sleep. Olivia smiles when she is sleeping. I can always tell when she has a dream. She gets the cutest look on her face. Jason likes to sleep with his little butt in the air, and his head under the covers. My heart is full honey. For the first time in my life, I feel like I am indeed living, and not just existing. It’s a humbling feeling knowing my family needs me.”
“We will always need you, John. You are their daddy and my cherished husband. Come to bed. Your wife needs a little TLC.”
“Never let it be said that I do not take care of my wife.”
Later that night, John awoke with the strangest feeling that someone was watching him, and felt the hands of one of his children touch his arm. When he turned on the light, Jason was standing by the side of the bed sucking his thumb.
“Daddy, I had a scary dream.”
John sat up in bed and lifted Jason onto his lap. “Do you want to tell me about your dream? It will make you feel better.”
Jason rubbed his tear-stained eyes. “I dreamed a green monster was chasing me. He had big teeth and he tried to bite me. I was scared and ran fast.”
John suppressed a laugh. “Well, I heard that green monsters are afraid of water. Tomorrow we’ll go to the store and I will get you a water pistol. You can keep it under your pillow, and if you see another green monster, squirt him with water and he will disappear.”
“I shoot him with water and he goes away?”
“Yes. He gets gooey and disappears. Do you feel better little man?”
Jason nodded his head. “Can I sleep with you, Daddy? I’m still scared.”
John lifted the sheet and Jason crawled into bed. He raised his arm, and Jason snuggled against his body. John whispered, “You’re safe with me Jason. Close your eyes and go to sleep.”
“Ok, Daddy.”
John felt his wife squeeze his hand. He lifted it to his lips and kissed her, because if he tried to speak, he would cry like a baby.
The remainder of the week passed quickly. The children enjoyed spending the day at the beach building sand castles. John and Jennifer sat by the dune, enjoying the sun and the infectious laughter of their children. “This has been the best week of my life,” John said as he reached for a bottle of water. “I remember the last time I sat here. It was after my surgery, and my arm was killing me. I was at a crossroads in my life, and now a year later, my life is so different. I am a husband and father, and I love all of you so very much.”
At that moment, John felt a wet ball of sand hit his face. Olivia clapped her hands and ran in circles. John leaped to his feet, scooped her up in his arms, and ran towards the water. Their final day in Cape May was a happy one.

Three months later
John sat in his office preparing for his first sermon as the Church’s new pastor. Reverend Butler officially retired as pastor, and John would now replace him. He worked diligently on his speech, and felt confident, and more than a little nervous.
Jenny walked into the room holding a bottle of ginger ale. John looked up when he heard the door open. She looked a little sick, and he became concerned. “How are you feeling honey? You look pale.”
“I'm all right John. It’s just a little morning sickness. Don’t worry about me. I’ll be okay. I just need a little cold air. The heat makes it worse. The doctor gave me a prescription that should help with nausea. I’ve started taking it, and I don’t feel as bad as I did a few days ago.”
“Don’t you know it is a sin to lie to your husband, the Pastor?”
Jenny laughed. “Well, technically, I am not lying to you, but I have kept something from you. I wanted to be absolutely sure before I said anything.”
Concerned, John held her tightly. “Are you sick? Is there something wrong with the baby? What is it, Jenny? Please tell me!”
“I think you need to sit down,” Jenny said as she walked him to the small love seat in his office. “I’ve had a severe case of morning sickness for almost two weeks, and it reminded me of my last pregnancy. I had an appointment with Dr. Cassidy on Tuesday. She took a blood sample, and I had an ultrasound on Friday. John, my HCG levels are extremely high. Honey, we are having twins. Do you want to see the ultrasound picture?”
It took John a few seconds for his brain to comprehend what she was saying. “What did you say? We’re having twins! Let me see the picture.” John held the image in his trembling hands. “Ok, show me our babies. I have no idea what I’m looking at.”
Jenny pointed to each baby as she leaned against his arm. Tears pricked her eyes and she stared down at their precious children. A sudden wave of nausea had her dizzy. She reached for the ginger ale and sipped it slowly.
“Honey, are you still nauseous?”
She nodded her head as she closed her eyes. John picked up his phone and called the groundskeeper. “Aaron, turn down the air in the church ten degrees. Mrs. Brady is feeling a little nauseous due to the heat. Thank you, Aaron.”
“Have I told you today how much I love you, Pastor Brady?”
“Yes, but please do tell me again. I like hearing it.”
“I love you John, and I am so happy for you today. You’ve waited a long time for this day. Your sermon is beautiful.”
“I love you too sweetheart. You have blessed me with your love, your friendship, and now, two new lives grow in your beautiful body. I could not be happier than I am at this moment. I want to announce the happy news to the congregation.”
The church bells tolled, signaling the beginning of Mass. John escorted his wife to the church and was surprised to see his entire family sitting in the front pew. He walked over to them and embraced each member of his family. “I am happy all of you are here today.”
The church was full of parishioners, and it surprised him to see a few from his former parish. Taking his place behind the pulpit, John officiated his first mass. The homily was especially important to John. He wanted to be truthful with his parishioners and spoke from the heart. “I had a prepared sermon, but upon seeing all of you here today, I want to take this opportunity to talk to you from the heart. As many of you know, I was at one time a Roman Catholic priest. I want to share with you the story of my life.” Thirty minutes later, there was not a dry eye in the church.
“My life has taken many unexpected turns these past two years. Sitting before me are the people I cherish most in this world. In the front pew are my parents Colin and Margaret and my sister Mary. Next to them are my brother Adam, his wife Lydia and their children, Gail and Bobby. Thank you for being here with me today. Your love and support touch me deeply.”
“Most of you know that I recently married the most incredible woman I have ever known. Sitting next to my parents is my beautiful wife Jennifer and our children, Olivia and Jason.” John looked down at the image of his children, which held a place of prominence in the pulpit. “A few weeks ago, Jennifer blessed me with the news that I am to become a father.This morning, she showed me the images of our two babies, nestled safe and sound in her womb.”
Overcome with emotion, John wiped the tears that now stained his face. “I had always assumed I would live a solitary life. My years as a Catholic priest were fulfilling, and lonely. I had denied myself the opportunity of having a family, and at the time, I thought I could live with that decision. Olivia and Jason changed my life the minute I laid my eyes on them. Their unconditional love, exuberance, and innocence melted my heart. I found myself needing something more in my life. I wanted a wife and children. At the end of the day, I return home to a loving wife, and two beautiful children who ambush me the minute I step into the house.”
“If you take away anything from my sermon today, it is that no one in this room is perfect. Perfection is unattainable. God loves us just as we are, and the church is a place for healing, where people are not judged for past sins. This holy place is a sanctuary, a place to meditate, repent, and forgive. We are all sinners, and it is a true testament of our faith in Our Lord Jesus Christ to forgive the sinner. I stand before you today as your Pastor, but I also stand before you today as one of the forgiven. Go with God, and I hope to see all of you next Sunday.”
Epilogue
All eyes were on John as he sat in the patient waiting room. He had a death grip on Jennifer’s hand. “Honey, why are you so nervous?”
He leaned in and whispered, “Everyone is staring at me. I feel really uncomfortable.”
Jennifer tried not to laugh. “Well, maybe it’s because they’ve never seen a Pastor sitting in an obstetrician’s office. Relax honey, and let go of my hand. I can’t feel my fingers.”
“I’m sorry darling,” John said as he raised her hand to his lips and kissed her fingertips. Everyone in the waiting room once again stared at him. He felt heat creep up his neck, and nervously pulled at his collar. He thanked the heavens when the nurse approached them.
“Pastor and Mrs. Brady, please follow me.” The nurse escorted them to one of the examination rooms. “Mrs. Brady, please disrobe and put on this gown. The Doctor will be with you shortly. Pastor Brady, please take a seat on the other side of the room.”
When the nurse closed the door, John took his seat and watched his wife disrobe. His eyes devoured his wife. Jennifer looked over at him and raised her eyebrows. “Why are you looking at me that way? You should see the look on your face.”
“How do I look?” John whispered as he walked over to her and gathered her in his arms.
“You look like you want to devour me,” she whispered in his ear.
“You look beautiful standing before me, round with my babies. I have never seen you more beautiful.”
“You sure do know how to make a pregnant woman feel beautiful. Wait until I’m eight months pregnant and waddling all over the house. I won’t feel beautiful then.”
“Nonsense, you will always look beautiful to me.” John lowered his hand to caress his babies. “I love touching you like this Jenny darling. Words cannot express the joy I feel when I touch our babies. I love you, honey.”
The abrupt appearance of the doctor interrupted them. Dr. Cassidy laughed as she entered the room. “Please, don’t let me interrupt the two of you. I love seeing the tender moments between expectant parents. Pastor Brady, please take a seat on the other side of the partition. I’d like to begin the examination.”
John took his seat and several minutes later, the lights went off. It was time for the ultrasound. John stared at the monitor with wide eyes. The babies were animated and it was easy for the doctor to determine the sex of the babies.
“Well, would you like to know the sex of the babies?”
John’s rather loud yes drew laughs from both the doctor and his wife. He sheepishly apologized for the outburst. “Sorry, I guess I’m a little excited seeing my babies for the first time. Please, Doctor, the suspense is giving me a migraine.”
The doctor pointed to each baby. “This is your son, and this,” she pointed to the other baby, “is your second son. Two boys, Jennifer, you have two healthy children.”

Four months later
I have witnessed the most incredible gift God has bestowed upon me. My beautiful sons Gabriel and Ian came into this world at five-thirty yesterday morning. My life has come full circle, and as I watch my children sleep, I am hopeful for the future. My children will know their father loves them. I will support them, encourage them to live their dreams, and love them all the days of my life.
When I look back on the events in my life, I am amazed to have finally found peace and happiness.
