




The Dark Love Vampire Series
Book 1
Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction, and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the author’s imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living or dead.
Copyright © 2013 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form.
First Edition: June 2013

Cover Design by Humblenations.com

Chapter 1

The airport was busy; there were people everywhere. I pushed my way through the crowd as fast as I could without actually knocking anyone over. I hated crowds, and this crowd was ridiculous. I landed in Wilmington, North Carolina almost an hour ago, and I still couldn’t find my grandmother. I intended to stay in Wilmington for the summer, and she was supposed to be here to pick me up. I made my way to a less crowded section of the airport and retrieved my cell phone.
“Hello dearie.” My grandmother’s scratchy voice chimed. I could tell she was already toasted by her slurred speech. I looked at my watch and rolled my eyes. It was only 10:30 in the morning.
“Grandma, I’ve been at the airport for an hour. I thought you were going to pick me up.” I was trying not to sound too annoyed, but it was difficult.
“Shit! Dear, I forgot. I’ll be there in a jiff.” She hung up the phone before I could reply.
I groaned, hoping she still had someone to drive her around. I didn’t recall a time I ever saw my grandmother sober; which is sad, but true. I came to Wilmington and stayed with her every summer. She had a lot of money; so she lived by herself with maids and chauffeurs.
 I walked toward the front of the airport to wait for her. I received a few smiles from passing boys and men, and glares from their girlfriends and wives. I’m pretty; I guess. Everyone says I am different looking more than anything. I wasn’t tall, but I wasn’t short either; I was perfectly in-between. I was slim for my height; so I looked kind of petite. I was seventeen, but I looked older. I had bright turquoise eyes and soft pale skin. My oddest feature was my hair. It fell to the middle of my back and it is an odd white color. Everyone thinks I dye my hair, but I don’t. My hair was currently pulled back. I was dressed casual today. I decided to wear a tank top and jeans for the plane ride.
I finally made it outside and the fresh air hit my face. It was about seventy degrees already, and it felt great. I leaned against the wall and waited for my ride. After about ten minutes, a black car pulled up along the curb and my grandmother rolled down the back window. A cloud of thick white smoke puffed out as she did.
“Well, get in. I’m not waiting forever,” she snapped impatiently.
I sighed and went to the other side. I climbed into the seat next to her.
“You look good Isabella,” she commented taking me in. “Maybe a little thin.” She took a sip of the martini that she was holding in her hand. I had no clue how she held the drink and rode in the car. It was skill only she possessed. 
“Thanks.” I did not really know why I made the plane ride every year just to see her. She was always drunk and never very nice. I guess it was just a chance for me to get away from my normal life. I got to do what I wanted when I stayed with her because she never cared what I did. We didn’t say much in the car on the way to her house, but then again, we never said much to each other anyway.
Her house was in the center of Wilmington on Market Street. It was a giant Victorian style house, and I always loved it. The house was a nice yellow; which is a great beach color. The beach was only about ten minutes from my grandma’s house; so I spent a lot of time there. 
As soon as we got out of the car, I went straight up to my room. It was the same as I left it. It was a huge room, with a four poster bed like you would see in the movies. The bed had dark purple velvet curtains and bedding; which I loved. I had my own bathroom with a stand up shower and a giant bath tub. I flopped down on the bed and sighed. I really loved my room and this town; even though I wasn’t a fan of my grandmother. I finally dozed off after lying on the bed for too long. 

I was awakened by my phone ringing. I sighed and answered the phone. “Hello.”
“Are you here yet?” My cousin, Alana’s excited voice made me wince.
“Yeah, I got here about lunch time.” I sat up. My cousin, Alana, was great. We always hung out in the summer. She was a lot more into the teenage girl stuff than I was, but she had a car and we had fun together.
“Excellent! Get dressed. I’ll be there in an hour to pick you up.” She was barely able to hide the excitement in her voice.
“Okay, I’ll be ready,” I said warily. I hung up and tossed my phone on the bed. I wanted to go out, I just wasn’t sure if I wanted to go out tonight. I sighed and dragged myself into the bathroom to take a shower. The shower felt good. I felt a lot better afterwards. I went through my closet and picked a pretty turquoise dress. It was low cut and short; so I knew Alana would approve. I selected a pair of black, lace up knee high boots to wear with it. I wore my hair down and applied makeup because I felt like a change. When I was done, I looked in the mirror. I didn’t even look like the same girl; I was hot. 
My cell phone jingled; which meant Alana was here. I hurried outside and climbed in Alana’s pink, VW Bug.
She did this really girly giggle slash scream as she threw her arms around my neck. “You’re so hot! I’m so glad you came!”
I smiled as I returned her embrace. “I’m glad I came to.”
She started down the street. “So … I figured we would go to this club I heard about downtown.”
“Alana, we aren’t eighteen yet.” I knew it didn’t matter to her, but I figured I would mention it anyway.
“I know, that’s why we’re going to this club. My friend Stacy knows the bouncer.” She giggled as she emphasized knows.
I smiled shaking my head. This was how these conversations always went. I didn’t really know why I even bothered. As she chattered on about her life during the school year, I watched her. She was about my height. She had reddish orange hair and blue eyes. She was a cheerleader in school, and everything about her screamed it. She wore a bright pink dress and silver heels.
She parked downtown, and we made our way to the club Alana heard so much about. For a Saturday night, the streets were pretty barren. It was only nine; so I knew it would get busier. I followed Alana off the main street and down a dark alley. I was starting to get nervous because the alley was pretty desolate. It didn’t seem like the place where a good club would be. 
There was a guy leaning against a pole not far from us. He was unusually handsome for a bouncer, but he looked the part. He was tall and he had thick shoulder length black hair and pale blue eyes. He was dressed entirely in black. He was standing in front of a black door that stood open. I moved closer to Alana because I started to get a tingling feeling, and I didn’t like it.
“Alana, maybe we shouldn’t,” I said cautiously. 
She brushed me off, and went right up to the bouncer. “Hi.” She was using the sexiest tone she could muster.
 I looked around nervously. I turned back toward Alana, and my eyes finally met the bouncers. 
A sly smile formed on his lips. “How can I help you ladies?” 
I really didn’t like how he smiled. I grabbed Alana by her arm and pulled her back. He looked pure evil to me, but Alana didn’t seem to think so.
“Bella, what are you doing?” Alana hissed in annoyance.
“We’re leaving.” I spoke a little more forcefully than I meant to because I was scared. 
The bouncer straightened as he watched us. The fact that he wasn’t casually leaning against the pole anymore made him look more imposing, and he still had the same devilish smile on his face.
“Bella, don’t ruin this!” Alana whined as I pulled her towards the main street. I didn’t know why I was so scared, but something told me to run and I couldn’t help it.
“You’re welcome to come in,” the bouncer called after us with a silky smooth voice. 
A shiver shot through me, making me pull harder on Alana’s arm. Alana struggled with me and finally got free. She dodged my attempt to catch her, and ran past the bouncer into the club. I stood frozen as I looked at the door, and then back at the bouncer. Fear gripped me. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t want to leave Alana, but I didn’t want to follow her either.
The bouncer grinned. “Decisions, decisions.” His playful chant was annoying. 
I stuck my chin out defiantly, and marched past him. He laughed after I entered the club. His laugh sent another shiver down my spine. I wanted to find Alana and talk some sense into her; and then get the hell out of the club. Everyone was looking at me when I entered. Most of them were oddly beautiful. There was loud music and a lot of people dancing. I felt my heart speed up and something inside me screamed for me to run, but I couldn’t. I had to find Alana. 
I took a deep breath and moved forward into the crowd. Some of the people looked drugged or dazed; which really bothered me. I moved toward the bar because I thought that would be the best way to go. There were so many people it was hard to see anything. I felt someone behind me. I couldn’t hear them approach, but I knew they were there. I spun around and was face to face with a beautiful blond man. He looked to be about my age, maybe a little older. His eyes seemed older, and that made him strange. He had shoulder length golden hair. He looked like a model that walked off a magazine page. 
He smiled. “What’s your name?” His voice was silky smooth like the bouncer’s voice. When they spoke, it was comforting to the point of being scary.
I automatically stepped back. “What does it matter?” 
He looked surprised at my reaction. “It doesn’t … I guess. I was just trying to be nice.” His smile slowly returned.
“Well, don’t. I just want to find my friend and leave,” I snapped.
He raised his eyebrows and smiled broader. “You don’t like the club?” He stepped forward as he spoke. He had beautiful blue eyes and it was hard to look away from them.
I automatically stepped back without really thinking about it. “Not really.” I was careful to keep my eyes on him.
He started to look annoyed. Another male walked up next to him, and I took another step back. He was a little taller than the blond man, and he was even more beautiful. He had olive skin, long black hair, and beautiful green eyes. They were both wearing leather pants and no shirts. I was seconds from just bolting and forgetting about Alana completely. I didn’t know why; I just knew they were dangerous. I didn’t want to be in the same building as them, let alone the same room.
The newcomer nudged the blond man. “Marcus, why are you scaring the girl?” The new man’s voice made me shiver.
The blond man, Marcus, scoffed. “I didn’t do anything, Loki. I was being polite. She’s the one acting like I’m going to bite her or something.” His smile widened like he said something funny.
Loki shot him a look before turning his attention to me. “Why are you here?” He had a somewhat threatening tone now.
“I don’t want to be here. I’m looking for my cousin. She’s an idiot, and she ran in here.” I was careful to keep my tone even. I didn’t want them knowing how much they bothered me.
Marcus laughed, and it was a beautiful laugh that sent chills through me. 
Loki cocked his head to the side looking at me with a curious expression on his face. “You don’t want to be here?” He actually managed to sound confused.  
“I think I would rather be knee deep in a sewer being chased by crocodiles.” I didn’t mean to be so specific, but I wanted to get out of the place. I started looking around for Alana again. I finally spotted her stupid pink dress. She was at the bar, standing ridiculously close to a brown haired man. She was looking in his eyes like she was in love. I knew I had to get her out of here. I dodged past the two pretty guys, and grabbed Alana by her arm. I yanked her away from the man she was with; surprising him. 
She came out of her daze, and then started to struggle and argue. I had enough of her bullshit. I just wanted to run, but she was preventing me. I smacked her across the face, stunning her.
“We are leaving now!” I snapped. 
She suddenly looked stunned and scared, and she just nodded.
 I pulled her toward the exit. I felt relief as we got closer to the doorway. I froze when the bouncer from earlier blocked our path.
I glared at him. “Move!” I was trying to hide my fear.
He grinned and leaned forward. “Or what?” 
I couldn’t think. I didn’t even know what to say.
Loki moved up from behind me. “Nicolai, be nice.” 
Marcus followed closely behind Loki. The brunette male that had Alana was behind them. I backed up against the wall; so no one was to my back. Alana was cowering behind me. I didn’t trust any of them, and I was making sure they knew it.
Nicolai smiled as he continued to block the doorway. “I don’t want to.”
Loki ignored him and looked back at me. “Why did you come here?” 
“No reason.” I didn’t really want to answer his questions. I just wanted to leave.
He sighed in annoyance. “You’re being difficult.”
“So, I shouldn’t have to answer your questions. I just want to leave. I don’t want any trouble.” I was trying to remain calm and talk reasonably, despite my urge to freak out. 
“You shouldn’t have come here then,” Marcus said interjecting his opinion.
I was pissed now. “No one asked you asshole!” He seemed like he was antagonizing the situation. He looked completely stunned by my outburst. 
Nicolai laughed. “Ooh, the little girl has a mouth. I could show you what to do with it.” Nicolai’s suggestive tone annoyed me more.
I scoffed. “You wish, dirt bag.” I made sure my tone echoed my disgust.
Loki smiled. “Calm down. There’s no need for names.” 
Marcus crossed his arms and started to sulk because I called him a name, but Nicolai didn’t seem to care; which bugged me. He just kept smiling with his weird eyes. 
“We will let you go tonight, but never come back,” Loki said firmly.
I glared at him. “Fine, you don’t have to worry about that.”
Loki smiled; obviously satisfied with my answer. “Nicolai, let them pass.”
Nicolai made a disappointed sound, but still smiled. “Maybe we can play next time.” He moved aside.
 I yanked Alana, who was still cowering behind be, out the door. I never felt so relieved to be outside. I practically dragged Alana through the alley to the main street.
“Bella, slow down.” Alana sounded a little groggy.
“No! I want to get home! I can’t believe you ran in there like that!” I didn’t hold back; I let her see how angry I was. 
She giggled. “I thought they were nice. It felt so good in there.” Her tone was almost dreamy. 
I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk so abruptly that Alana almost ran into me. “What? You didn’t feel scared or anything?” I was confused. I didn’t understand why I was so alarmed about the place, but I was. 
She giggled. “No; it felt … right.”
I was so scared I could barely walk. I kept checking behind me to make sure we weren’t being followed. I still felt like we were being watched; so I kept glancing around to check. We finally made it to Alana’s car, and I never felt such relief. I drove in silence, but Alana hummed some song. I kept glancing over at her wondering what the hell was wrong with her.
She giggled. “Did you see Eric? He was so dreamy.”
“They were dangerous, and you have to promise to never go back.” I didn’t want her to go back to them. I knew something bad would happen if she did.
Alana looked like an unhappy child. “Why can’t I? He made me feel so good.”
“They weren’t normal, Alana!” I was almost screaming. I couldn’t believe she didn’t feel it.
“Okay, fine I won’t go back.” She slouched down in her seat and started sulking.
We drove the rest of the way to her house in silence. I decided to drop her off and take her car to my house; so she couldn’t go back on her promise, at least not tonight anyway. I had a feeling she would go back on it eventually. Alana barely said anything to me when she got out; just a terse goodnight. I watched her as she walked up to her house. Once she was safely inside, I pulled away from the curb.
I headed toward my grandma’s house. I didn’t know why I didn’t like them. They were definitely the hottest guys I’d ever seen, but there was something off about them. I knew they were dangerous. I just didn’t know why. 
By the time I got back to grandma’s house it was almost midnight. I parked Alana’s car and went into the house. I went straight to my room. I didn’t sleep very well. I tried as hard as I could to push away my uneasiness, but it wouldn’t go away. 

Chapter 2

 I didn’t wake up until my grandmother came barging into my room at eight the next night. “Isabella, wake up. Where is Alana? I know you went out with her last night and she didn’t go home.” Her tone was clipped and accusing like usual. 
I bolted out of bed. “Yes she did!” I was suddenly frantic. “I dropped her off myself!” My heart was pounding in my chest. Somehow I knew where she was.
She raised her eyebrows, giving me a look that suggested she wasn’t quite sure if she believed me. “Well, you better find her quick. Her mother is worried sick.” She turned and walked out.
Fear gripped me as dressed. I put on jeans, a tee shirt and running shoes. I wanted to be able to run if I had to. I tried calling her cell phone, but it went straight to voicemail. 
Alana’s car was still in our garage so I took it and sped toward downtown. I parked in the same place as last night and walked toward the alley. I peered around the corner of the alley before I walked down it. Nicolai was at his post in front of the door. He let two girls that looked about my age go inside. I tried to come up with a plan, but I didn’t have one. I slowly approached Nicolai. I hoped he wouldn’t see me immediately, but I knew better. 
He gave me a broad smile when he saw me. “Well, well, look what the cat dragged in. I should’ve known you would be back.”
I scowled. “Why? Do you know who has my cousin?” 
“Maybe, but I’m not telling, at least not without a reward.” He grinned and licked his lips. 
I just got angrier. “I want to talk to Eric.” I was trying to keep my temper in check, but he was making it harder by the second.
His eyes glittered with amusement. “No, you’re not allowed in.”
“Fine, I guess I could just call the cops. After all, you’re letting underage girls in your club. Not to mention, my cousin is missing and she was here last.” I gave him a smile of my own as I pulled my phone out of my pocket.
 He moved quicker than he should’ve been able to, and shoved me against the wall. I was a little stunned and knocked out of breath. He grabbed my phone and tossed it over his shoulder. He leaned in, pressing against me. “So what’s the plan now? I have an idea … why don’t you just beg for your life and just maybe I won’t kill you.” He was wearing his usual evil smirk. He was thoroughly enjoying himself.
“You wouldn’t kill me.” My voice was smaller than I meant it to be.
His smile widened. “You haven’t given me a reason not to.” His tone was playful, despite the fact that he was threatening my life. 
I hesitated. “It’s illegal.” It was a lame reason, but nothing better came to mind.
He laughed. “I’m not one to follow laws, just ask Loki. It annoys him to no end.” He was still smiling as he ran his fingers along my tank top; across the tops of my breasts. 
I did the only thing I could think of; I kneed him in the crotch. I had taken Karate lessons at my mother’s insistence. I would have to thank her later. He groaned from the pain, but recovered quickly and shoved me back again. I head butt him this time and I heard his nose crunch. He fell backwards as his hand went to his nose. I knew I couldn’t run; he would just catch me. All I could do was fight. I stomped his foot and kicked him in the crotch again. He fell to his knees.
 I was going to strike again, but someone tackled me and I hit the ground hard. It was the blond guy, Marcus. He had me pinned to the ground. I struggled, but it was pointless. Nicolai was cussing and trying to get at me, but another man was blocking him, it was Eric. Rage filled me. I was able to get a leg free. Marcus cussed as I kneed him in the crotched, and shoved him off me. I got to my feet and lunged at Eric.
“Where is she?” I yelled as I tackled him to the ground. He was caught off guard by my sudden attack. Before he could answer, I was tackled again this time by Nicolai. I fought him with everything I had. He hit me twice, but I was so angry I could barely feel it.
“Enough!” Loki’s voice boomed over all the noise. Nicolai still held me pinned, he just laid off hitting me. “What is going on?” Loki sounded as pissed off as I felt. His eyes fell on me, and he looked surprised. “Nicolai, get off of her.”
“No, she started it and I intend to kill her.” He looked angry and his face was covered in blood, but he still smiled.
“Nicolai, there will be no killing anywhere near my club,” Loki said tiredly.
Nicolai scowled. “Fine, I’ll take her somewhere else.” He pulled me to my feet.
Loki grabbed Nicolai’s arm and stopped him. “Nicolai, leave her with me.”
They stared at each other for a minute.
Nicolai finally looked at me with a dark expression. “You get a pass tonight.” He let me go, and then stalked off into the club leaving me with Loki, Marcus, and Eric.
“Why are you here? I told you not to come back?” Loki’s voice had a menacing undertone.
I scowled. “My friend is missing, and I wanted to talk to Eric.”
Eric looked confused. “Why?” 
“Because she was talking about you,” I said shooting him an evil look.
“Why do you think we had anything to do with this at all?” Loki asked slowly.
I hesitated, suddenly nervous. “I just do.”
Loki smiled. “Fine; Eric, Marcus, bring her inside.”
I was going to struggle but I decided against it. If I was going to find Alana I had to cooperate at some point. Besides, I needed to reserve my energy. 
They led me like a prisoner behind Loki. I was sore from fighting, and my face started to hurt where Nicolai punched me. We wound through the club into a hallway in the back. The place was decorated like a castle with candles lighting the way. There were paintings and tapestries hanging on the walls. We went through a doorway into a room. There were deep red velvet couches and chairs. There was a bar and a TV. The place was beautiful. I would’ve taken more time to admire it if I didn’t feel like I was going to be killed at any moment. Loki took me by the arm and led me to another room. He flipped the light on. It was a bathroom. A very large bathroom. He pushed me inside and shut the door behind us. He left Marcus and Eric in the other room. I was nervous. I didn’t know what he wanted.
I looked at him nervously. “What are we doing in here?” 
Loki started going through the cabinets. “I’m going to clean you up,” he said absently as he searched for what he needed.
“Oh.” I was a little confused by his kindness. I looked in the mirror and winced. I had a cut above my eyebrow, my cheek was bruised, and my lip was split. Loki piled stuff onto the counter. He picked me up effortlessly and set me on the counter. I yelped in surprise when he touched me.
“Relax, I’m not going to hurt you,” he said gruffly. I looked away from him, his eyes were a beautiful dark green, making them hard to look at. They were not a color I’d ever seen in my life. He held my chin still as he used a cloth to clean my face. I felt kind of like a child, but I didn’t fight him. He put a band aid over the cut on my eye. He surveyed his work. “There.” He looked annoyed and shook his head. “I can’t believe Nicolai hit you. Normally he is gentler with females.”
I sighed. “To be fair I hit him first.” I didn’t really know why I was defending Nicolai. I really didn’t like him, and he threatened to kill me.
“It doesn’t matter. He isn’t supposed to hit my guests.” His tone echoed his disapproval. He looked me over. “Is there anything else that hurts?” 
Everything hurt, but my left ribs really hurt. I realized I didn’t think about it until he asked. “Yeah, but I’ll live.”
He scowled. “Let me see what hurts.”
I shook my head. “No, that would require me to take my shirt off, and that’s not going to happen.”
He smiled slightly. “Do you honestly think I’ve never seen a woman naked?” He had probably seen more than his fair share, but I didn’t care.
I rolled my eyes. “I’m sure you have. You just haven’t seen me naked, and I have no intention of letting you.” 
“Really.” He smiled slightly. “What if I don’t want to see you naked?” He was trying to hurt me; which for some odd reason it stung a little, but I wasn’t going to let him know.
I returned his smile. “Then we don’t have a problem.” 
He laughed. “You have given me more problems than I need.” 
“What does that mean?” I was starting to get annoyed again.
“I told you to stay away for a reason,” he said impatiently.
“Then you and your flunkies shouldn’t have taken my friend,” I said matching his tone.
He sighed tiredly. “We didn’t take your friend, I can assure you.”
“Then let me go; so I can find her,” I snapped.
He hesitated. “I can’t do that, not yet anyway.”
I froze as my pulse quickened. 
He looked at me with a stern look. “Don’t.” He knew I was getting ready to bolt, and he was warning me to stop me.
 I didn’t know how he knew what I was thinking, but it freaked me out. I lunged for the door, but he easily caught me and threw me backwards. He had a ridiculous amount of strength, more than the others. It wasn’t normal, none of them were. I slid across the floor and hit the wall.
“What the hell are you?” I asked before I could stop myself. I slowly climbed to my feet shaking.
“What do you mean?” He narrowed his eyes at me. I could tell I made a mistake, but it was too late.
“Don’t bullshit me. You’re not normal.” I was trying to sound brave, but failing miserably.
He laughed and I cringed. It wasn’t his cheerful laugh; it was a threatening one. He moved in a blur of speed and pinned me to the wall. Before I could think to scream his hand covered my mouth. His eyes changed. He looked more like an animal, and he had fangs when he smiled.
“What do you think I am?” There was definitely a threat behind his words.
“Go to hell,” I whispered. I was scared to death. I felt like I was going to have a heart attack and die.
He laughed; the same cold laugh he had before. “Are you going to join me?” 
I started to struggle, but it was useless. He had an iron grip on me; any tighter and my bones would break. When I got tired of struggling, he dropped me and stepped back.
“Stupid girl, you should’ve stayed away.” He walked away leaving me panting on the floor. 
He left the bathroom and shut the door behind him. I heard the lock click into place. I was trapped. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. I felt like I was in a horror movie. I stood up shakily, and moved toward the door. It was locked just as I thought. I put my ear against it, but couldn’t hear anything. There were no windows or anything. There was no way out, but through the locked door. I sighed and went back to the wall and sat down. My body hurt and I was tired. I was worried about Alana, and now I was in trouble. It seemed like hours passed before I finally drifted to sleep. I was cold and terrified.

Chapter 3

I was awakened from sleep by the sound of voices outside the door. I slowly sat up and winced. I pulled my shirt up, and saw what was causing so much pain. My left side was black and purple in color. I pushed myself up and groaned. I wondered how long I’d been here. I didn’t have a watch or my phone. I never wore a watch and my phone was tossed when I fought with Nicolai. I was startled when the door opened. A woman walked in with a plate of food and a drink. She set it on the counter. That was my chance to run. I dodged past her moving faster than I was capable of at that point. I made it through the door, but I was tackled almost immediately. I cried in pain as we crashed to the floor. 
Marcus smiled down at me. “Where are you going?” 
 I struggled but he held me firmly. He hauled me to my feet, and pushed me back into the bathroom; and then slammed the door. I sighed and went back to my original spot and sat down. I noticed a small piece of folded paper on the tray. Curiosity got the best of me; so I got up and retrieved the note. I opened it and read it. 
Your cousin is alive.
I was afraid now. The note said she was alive, but not well. She could’ve been dying and was just currently alive. I started banging on the door and yelling for Loki. I heard him behind the door.
“Move back and I will come in.” He said from the other side.
I moved to the back wall. I didn’t want to be too close to him anyway. He came into the bathroom and shut the door behind him.
He smiled politely. “What seems to be the problem?” 
I waved the note at him. “This!”
He looked mildly confused. “What? It says your cousin is alive. You should be happy.”
I scowled. “That’s exactly why I’m not happy. It says she’s alive, but it doesn’t say she’s safe or healthy.” He froze and I knew there was more to it. I gritted my teeth. “What’s wrong with her?” 
He looked unsure. “She’s in the hospital, unconscious, but she is alive.”
I slid down the wall into a sitting position and winced. He stepped toward me. I scowled. “Don’t!”
He froze and looked at me. “Are you okay?”
“What do you think? I mean you don’t appear to be an idiot, but I could be mistaken.” I glared at him. He looked stunned but I didn’t care. “What did you do to her?”
“I did nothing to her; nor did any of my people. I made sure.” The annoyance in his tone was obvious.
I closed my eyes, leaning my head back. “She was fine until we came to this hell hole.”
He sighed. “It was just coincidence that she was here before she was harmed.”
I crossed my arms and winced, refusing to look at him. “Can I please see where you’re hurt just in case it is serious?” His tone was softer than it was before.
I watched him curiously. “Why do you care?” 
“That’s not fair. If I didn’t care I would’ve hit you myself.” He looked a little hurt by my accusation.
I sighed. “Fine.” I was too tired to argue. 
He came over to me, and pulled me to my feet. His hands were cool and soft. I realized how good he smelled. He smelled like exotic spices. I winced again once I was on my feet. He gently pulled my shirt over my head.
He looked furious when he saw my side. “Who did this?” 
“I don’t know.” I felt embarrassed standing in front of him with just a black lace bra on. I wanted to cover up, but he was still looking at my side. 
He touched it gently. “You have a few broken ribs, and maybe some bleeding.” He sounded concerned.  
I tried to brush his hands away. “I’m fine.”
 He caught my hands and looked in my eyes. “Stop fighting me.” His words were more of a plea than a threat. His eyes were beautiful and I couldn’t look away. I felt like he was going to kiss me. My body tingled where he touched my skin. He pressed up against me and his lips brushed mine. I felt a shock run through me when he finally pressed his lips to mine. It felt like a surge of electricity. I knew he felt it too because he stumbled backwards. I slid back to the floor and groaned. I felt drained, and after a few seconds everything went dark.

Chapter 4

I woke up looking at florescent lights on a ceiling. I heard a beeping noise and turned my head. I was in a hospital. I groaned and tried to sit up, but my side really hurt. My Grandma came into the room.
“What were you doing in the bad part of town with no cell phone?” she asked in her usual disapproving tone.
“I’m glad I’m alive too,” I snapped back.
She waved her hand like I was being dramatic. “Don’t be dramatic; besides Alana is worse off than you are.”
I sat straight up when she mentioned Alana. “What happened?” I was afraid of what she would say.
“She’s in a coma. They don’t know why, but she lost a lot of blood even though she has no injuries. They think it might be a disease or something.” Grandma spoke like it was no big deal.
I was slightly confused. “She lost blood?” 
She nodded. “They found her in an alley over of the main club strip.”
I froze. “What was the name of the street?” I wasn’t sure if I really wanted the answer.
She sat down in one of the chairs near the bed. “I’m not sure Bright something.”
I knew exactly what street she was talking about. Brighton Downs, the street the weird club was on. I sat up and started pulling sticky things off me. The medical equipment went nuts, and nurses came running in.
“What are you doing?” Grandma asked skeptically.
“Leaving.” I started pulling my clothes on.
A young nurse looked at me confused. “Miss, you haven’t been cleared to leave.”
I was getting impatient. “I’m fine. I have to go see someone.”
Grandma gave me a suspicious look. “Who?” 
“A friend, I think.” I don’t know why I was calling Loki a friend, but he did obviously let me go.
I looked at a clock on the wall, it was only five; so I would have time to go home and shower. After more fussing from the nurse, I finally got out of the hospital. My grandmother gave me a ride home, and then said she was late for bingo; so she left. 
I ran upstairs and showered and did my hair and makeup. I wanted to talk to Loki again. I put on jeans, a black V-neck sweater, and boots. I knew it was stupid to go to the club again, but I needed to know what happened to Alana.
I took my black, restored ‘69 Chevy Camaro that was in the garage. My grandma bought it for me last year when I first learned to drive. My mother wouldn’t let me bring it home; so I kept it here. I parked where I had every other time I went to the club, and made my way down the alley. Marcus was at the door instead of Nicolai. I didn’t really like or dislike Marcus; he was much better than Nicolai.
“You just can’t stay away, can you?” He grinned. “I know I’m just that fine.”
I rolled my eyes. “I haven’t gotten any answers that I need; so I can find out what happened to Alana. Now I’m being told she was found on this street. I want to speak with Loki.” I was hoping he would let me.
“What if he doesn’t want to talk to you?” He sounded like he was trying to hurt my feelings.
I didn’t let him see that it did a little bit. “Then he can tell me that himself.” I was getting a little annoyed.
“Fine, let’s go.” Marcus turned and walked toward the door. I followed him through the club pushing past people. We made it to the back hall, and I followed him to a different room this time. 
“Wait here.” He went inside. He reappeared a second later and ushered me in, closing the door behind me. The room was beautiful. It was a bedroom, but it had couches at the front. Loki was sprawled out on a couch with his arm over his eyes. He had pants on, but no shirt. He looked lovely and graceful.
“So, you just won’t heed my warnings. Do you have a death wish?” he asked without moving from the position he was in. 
I hesitated. “I want answers. I want to know what you are.”
He sat up like I had caught his attention. “Why do you think I’m anything other than human?” A slow smile spread across his face.
“Because I know better,” I said getting annoyed. “I want the truth.” I knew I sounded a little bit like a child that wasn’t getting her way.
He laughed and then disappeared. I don’t mean like in a puff of smoke disappear, I mean he just was gone. In the next second he was in front of me. I stifled a scream and jumped backwards. This amused him and he laughed again.
“Still want to know?” He moved toward me. He didn’t move like a human; he moved more like a large cat, graceful and dangerous. I didn’t realized I was backing up until he had me pinned against the wall.
“Yes,” I said in very small voice. He was close enough to kiss me. I could smell him, and I started to feel a little dizzy. My heart raced and I felt like it was going to jump out of my chest.
“You really should calm down. My kind likes the sound of a strong heartbeat.” His lips brushed my ear. His mouth moved down to my neck and I felt his teeth against my skin. That’s when it hit me. Alana lost blood with no injury. As crazy as it sounded vampire sprang to mind. I yelped and pushed him backwards. He just laughed.
“Are you a vampire?” I squeaked. 
He laughed again. “Very good, you’re a little smarter than I thought.”
I shook my head. “It’s not possible. Vampires aren’t real.” I was trying to convince myself.
He laughed. “Oh really; then what do you think I am? A werewolf or an alien because that’s more realistic right?” 
He pinned me back up against the wall. He moved so fast that I didn’t have time to react. His lips were pressed against mine as soon as his body was against mine. I felt the surge that I did last time. It was like a burning heat, but it felt good and I didn’t want him to stop. 
He gasped and stepped away from me. “What are you doing to me?” His eyes were bright green now; they were almost glowing.
I felt groggy again like the last time and I held onto a table to steady myself. “I’m not the vampire.” 
He had an animalistic look about him. He suddenly turned, and ran from the room. I went over to the couch and collapsed on it. It smelled like him, strong and sweet. I didn’t understand what was happening, but it felt good. My body was tingling. I closed my eyes and passed out.

I woke up to the sound of voices. I realized where I was, and stood up too quickly. I got dizzy and fell, but someone caught me from behind. I turned around and was face to face with Marcus. 
He grinned. “Where are you going so quickly?” 
“Are you one?” I squeaked.
He looked mildly confused. “One what?” 
“A vampire?” I said cautiously.
He grinned. “Of course.” He pulled me into him and kissed me. I felt the same spark and burn as I had with Loki. Kissing Marcus felt just as good, but it was less intense and more relaxed. He broke the kiss and stumbled backwards. I collapsed back on the couch feeling dizzy and warm. I felt kind of like I was drunk. Marcus was trying to regain his composure.
“What the hell was that?” He sounded out of breath.
Loki stepped into the room. “I told you she’s doing something.”
“I’m not doing anything,” I said impatiently. “I have to go, since you two aren’t any help.” I tried to stand up on my own. I walked toward the door using the wall for support.
Loki smiled as he watched me struggle. “What exactly are you going to do?” 
I scowled. “I’m going to find who hurt Alana and hurt him.”
Marcus smiled. “Well, that’s a fail proof plan considering you aren’t even in good enough condition to walk.”
“Shut-up. You are two of the most annoying whatever you are’s I have ever met,” I snapped.
They both burst out laughing, in the same second I lost my balance and crashed to the floor. I just laid on the floor and watched the ceiling spin. They came over and looked down at me.
“Do you need help?” Loki asked his eyes were soft, but Marcus was still laughing.
“No.” I crossed my arms over my chest. They both smiled. “Aren’t you guys supposed to be evil and eat me or something?”
They both grinned. “We will if you want us to,” Loki said playfully.
I sat up. “I’m good I prefer not to be someone’s food.”
Marcus continued to watch me. “Do you have a car?”
I eyed him suspiciously. “Yeah, why?” 
He rolled his eyes. “So I can give you a ride home.”
He hauled me up by my arm and guided me to the door. He guided me through the club and out into the alley. I told him where I was parked. We approached my car and he grinned.
“That’s yours?” He touched the car like you would a priceless object. 
“Yeah,” I said getting the keys out. I handed them to him and he was all giddy. I rolled my eyes as he jumped in and started the car.
“This is like the coolest car ever made.” He looked at everything on the dash. 
I got in the passenger seat not really sure if I wanted him driving my car. He took off down the street. 
“So if you’re vampires, do you drink blood?” I asked curious about them.
“Yep, but we don’t normally kill anyone. Most of us don’t anyway,” he said casually.
“Oh, what about the sun, can you go out in it?” I was trying to think of things to ask. I was just running down the list of do’s and don’ts for movie vampires; so I figured I would ask.
“Yeah, we can go in the sun; we just don’t like it. We don’t turn into a ball of fire if that’s what you mean.” He was fiddling with the radio not really paying attention to me.
“Do you know who hurt my cousin?” I was trying not to sound too accusing.
He glanced at me. “No, but Loki and I are looking into it because they left her on our street.”
“Oh.” I looked out the window.
He cleared his throat. “What about you? I don’t even know your name.” 
“Oh, it’s Isabella or Bella for short,” I said softly.
He glanced at me. “You just move here?” 
I shook my head. “No. I’m staying with my Grandma for the summer.”
“Oh that blows, so you will be leaving?” He actually sounded down.
“Not for a while. I have another like two months.” I was wondering why he sounded so down. 
We pulled into my driveway and I hit the garage door opener. He pulled into the garage and got out.
“Umm, how are you going to get home?” I asked realizing he didn’t have a car.
“I’ll walk, I like walking.” He stood in front of me.
Okay, well I guess I’ll see you later, maybe,” I said unsure.
“Yeah, maybe.” He smiled, and then turned and left. I closed the garage door behind him. 
I was trying to let things sink in. Last night vampires were a figment of someone’s imagination; now I kissed two of them. I sighed and went up to my room. I flopped down on the bed and spent the rest of the night staring at the ceiling trying to convince myself that I wasn’t crazy. 

Chapter 5

The next morning I decided to quit debating my mental status. I showered and dressed deciding I was going to go to the hospital. I needed to see what was going on with Alana. I took the Camaro, and headed toward the hospital.
	Alana’s status hadn’t changed at all. They were giving her transfusions, but it wasn’t working. She was still in a coma. I stayed at the hospital for a while; at least until I could no longer stand it. 
After leaving the hospital, I went and got a new cell phone to replace the one Nicolai threw. After that, I headed back home to change. I made up my mind that I was going to go downtown and walk around and see if I could find anything. I really didn’t know what I was looking for; I was just trying to find anything to make myself feel like I was helping. 
I dressed in jeans, a tank top, and a pair of flat boots. I wore a light jean jacket just in case it got cool when the sun went down. 
At eight, I got into my car and headed downtown. I parked in my usual spot and looked around. There wasn’t a lot going on, but it was still early. I got out of my car and walked down the main strip past Brighton Downs. I watched people as they passed; most of them seemed normal. There was one or two that I wasn’t sure of. I walked past several bars and received several cat calls and whistles, but I didn’t see anything unusual.
I stopped at a small pub and took a break. I surveyed my surroundings looking for some kind of clue. I looked toward the back of the pub and at a corner table stood Nicolai. A slow smile crept across his face when he saw me. I turned to run, but he appeared in front of me. It was so sudden I almost ran into him.
“So, are you out looking for trouble?” He was standing closer to me than I liked.
“No,” I said defiantly.
He laughed. “It’s really hard to take you seriously when you’re so cute.”
I glared at him. “I’m not cute!” 
He just smiled. “Why are you out here anyway?” 
I crossed my arms. “I’m going to find out who hurt my cousin.”
“So you’re playing Nancy Drew. I should tell you that you’re getting in over your head.” His tone was soft and menacing. 
“Why do you care anyway?” I asked; suspicious of his reason.
“I don’t. I just thought I would warn you. There are things you do not know,” he said casually.
“You mean the vampire thing?” I asked cautiously.
He looked surprised. “Oh good, now I can kill you, since Loki told you.” He grabbed me by my shoulders.
“It’s more like I figured it out, and I don’t have time for you to kill me,” I said quickly.
He laughed and let me go. “Fine, you can stay alive for now.” He said it like he was doing me a favor.
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t have to stand here and listen to your bullshit. Have a good night.” I started walking away.
He caught up to me and started walking alongside me. I stopped and he did too. “What are you doing?” 
He grinned. “I’m coming with you, as protection. You tend to attack bigger and badder things.”
“First you want to kill me, know you’re protecting me?” I asked annoyed.
“Well, I can’t have anyone else killing you; then I won’t get to kill you myself.” He said it like it made perfect sense. 
“So you really plan to eat me?” I asked eyeing him.
He laughed. “I would love to eat you, just not in the way you think, but I still plan to kill you as well.”
I rolled my eyes and kept walking. He kept pace with me as I walked back toward my car.
He broke the silence after a few minutes. “So, have you been to see Loki tonight?” 
I sighed. “No, I seem to get locked somewhere every time I do, and I do not feel like it tonight.”
He laughed. “Well, I’m sure he’s busy anyhow. He was just trying to protect you from me.”
Before I could reply, we rounded the corner that was near the alley opening. I spotted a man standing there, leaning against the wall near the alley opening. He was short and stocky, and he didn’t seem like a vampire.
I pushed Nicolai back around the corner before the guy could see us. He protested, but I put my hand over his mouth. I peeked around the corner and watched the man. He was fidgeting; trying to light a cigarette.
“Who the hell is that?” Nicolai asked as he looked at the man.
“You don’t recognize him at all?” I asked quietly.
“No, I’ve never seen him before. Why are we watching him?” he asked sarcastically.
I glanced at him. “Just a feeling.”
“If you want a feeling, I’ll give you one,” he said seductively as he pushed against me.
I pushed him back and glared at him. “Stop, this is serious.”
Just as I started watching the man again, another guy came out of the alley with a limp girl. They laid her on the concrete and the stocky guy began to do something to her arm.
“Shit, I think he’s bleeding her. Well, can’t hurt to find out.” He stepped out of our hiding spot and walked toward them.
“Nicolai!” I hissed, but he motioned for me to be quiet.
I rolled my eyes and followed quietly behind Nicolai. He got right up behind the men and cleared his throat.
The stocky man jumped up and spun around. He had a gun in his hand. I pushed Nicolai out of the way as the crack of a gunshot filled the air. I felt a burning sensation in my side and fell to the ground. I knew I was hit, but I didn’t care. The two men were gone, but they left the girl. I ran over to her and saw she had what looked like an IV in her arm and blood was running out of it.
“Why did you do that?”  Nicolai growled from behind me.
I ignored him as I pulled out my phone and dialed 911. I gave the dispatcher the information and hung up. “We have to go after them.” I started moving in the direction they ran.
I started running in the direction the men went. I rounded a corner and saw them walking quickly in the opposite direction. My side hurt like hell and I felt like I couldn’t breathe, but I ran after them as fast as I could. 
The taller man turned around and saw me he tapped the stocky man on the shoulder and they started running. I almost caught up to them when they quickly turned a corner into an alley. I slowed as I rounded the corner to the alley. All the sudden there was a flash of white light and the roar of a car engine starting. The stocky man was at the wheel. He pressed his foot to the gas and came directly at me. I froze as I heard the tires scream. All the sudden, I felt a jolt from behind. I hit the opposite wall of the alley as the car sped by me. Nicolai had me pinned. I felt like the car hit me, but I knew better.
He smiled. “You’re trying to get killed so I don’t get the pleasure of killing you myself aren’t you?” 
I rolled my eyes, and then winced. “You can’t kill me. I saved your ass.”
“No; my ass didn’t need saving. I’m a vampire. There are very few things that can kill me. You on the other hand aren’t so lucky.” He moved his hand away from my side. It was covered in thick dark blood. 
“I’m fine.” I pushed him away. I heard sirens in the distance and I knew the cops would be with the girl soon. I went to move forward and the alley around me started spinning. 
Nicolai caught me as I swayed. “Mmm; there is nothing better than the smell of fresh blood.” He smiled displaying pointed teeth that I didn’t see earlier.
I just looked at him not sure what to say or do. 
I felt his grip tighten around me as he took his other hand and grasped a handful of my hair. He pulled my head back exposing my neck. I closed my eyes and waited. I felt his fangs pierce my neck and I stifled a cry. It hurt, but at the same time it felt good. After a few seconds he released me. He bit his own wrist and forced it to my mouth. I tried to pull away, but he wouldn’t let me. His blood was hot and sweet. It burned as it ran down my throat. 
He finally pulled his wrist away from me and smiled. “There all better.” He pulled me closer to him and his lips covered mine. His tongue touched mine. I felt the same feeling I felt when Loki and Marcus kissed me. The feeling was more intense this time. Instead of stopping, I let the feeling take me over. 

Chapter 6

I sat up quickly and looked around. I was surprised to find I was in my own bed. I felt surprisingly good. I remembered being shot, but it felt like a dream. I looked down at my side. My shirt was covered in dried blood, but there was no wound underneath. I stood up and looked in the mirror for evidence of bite marks; there were none. I sighed and looked at the clock. It was five in the afternoon; which meant it was obviously the next night. 
I showered and dressed as quickly as I could. I got in my car and drove downtown. Instead of parking in my usual spot, I paid to park in a garage. I walked back to where I saw the two men near Loki’s club. The alley was empty. I walked up and down the street looking for any trace of the men. I walked down to the last bar on the street where I met Nicolai the previous night. He was at the back of the pub sitting in a booth. I moved toward him, and it took him a minute to notice me. He smiled his usual slow smile when he saw me. I slid into the seat next to him.
He reached out and played with my hair. “Out looking for trouble yet again I see.”
I scowled. “No, I’m just out. I’m not always looking for trouble.”
“So you weren’t looking for the men?” He grinned like he knew what I was up to.
I looked at him and rolled my eyes. I went to stand up and leave. He caught my arm and pulled me back down into the seat. He was extremely close to me. I felt my heart speed up as I thought about him kissing me.
 He smiled and leaned in close to me. “I saved you once only because you thought you saved me, but it will not happen again; understood?” 
I nodded because I didn’t feel like I could speak. I was afraid if I tried, the words wouldn’t come out right.
He smiled and his lips touched mine. He kissed me softly at first; and then his kiss became more aggressive. I let him kiss me because I didn’t know what else to do, and I kind of liked it. 
He stopped kissing me abruptly and pushed me away. “Go before I decide to kill you anyway.” He took a sip of the drink he had in front of him.
I didn’t hesitate. I got up quickly and walked out of the bar without looking back. I didn’t want to find out if he was serious. I walked back toward Loki’s club. I walked down the alley and the doorman stepped aside without me even saying anything.
I walked into the club and looked around. Marcus waved me over to the bar where he was standing. I pushed my way through the crowd and moved up next to him. He set a small glass with some kind of liquor in it in front of me.
He smiled. “I heard about last night.”
“Oh which part?” I asked slightly annoyed at the thought of Nicolai telling everyone what happened.
He laughed. “The part where you almost got yourself killed and Nicolai saved you.”
“It was Nicolai’s fault. He was the one that went walking up to them. I just wanted to watch, and he didn’t have to save me he decided to.” I was trying to keep the annoyance out of my tone. I took a sip of the drink. It was strong, but sweet and I kind of liked it.
Marcus scoffed. “Nicolai doesn’t normally save anybody. When he does, it’s because he has something to gain. I just don’t understand what he seeks to gain from you.”
I scowled. “He said it was because I thought I was saving him, when I pushed him out from in front of the gun. Technically he was supposed to take a bullet, not me.”
Marcus laughed. “You pushed him out of the way?”
I looked at him confused. “Yeah, I thought he told you everything.”
“Well, he told me his version, and it didn’t include that. Why did you push him out of the way again?” He sounded more like he was making fun of me instead of just asking.
I rolled my eyes. “I know, I know, he’s a vampire. I get it now, but I didn’t think about it then.” I took another sip of my drink.
“Well, well, if it isn’t the only human in the world that doesn’t listen.” Loki moved up behind us.
I smiled. “I listen when I want to hear what’s being said.”
Loki accepted a drink from the bartender. “Ahh I see. Well if you had listened to me, you wouldn’t have almost died last night.” 
“First of all, Nicolai got me shot. I would’ve been fine on my own, but no, he had to go up to the two goons.” I was getting annoyed with the fact that I was being chided for a situation I didn’t cause.
“I see, but you still shouldn’t be running around here. We’re handling the situation. We have people posted watching for the men you guys saw; so go home and stay out of trouble,” Loki said firmly.
I rolled my eyes and stood up. “Fine, I’m going.” I started walking toward the door.
Loki appeared in front of me making me jump from the suddenness of his appearance. “Promise you will go straight to your car and then home.” He was giving me his serious, no nonsense look.
I sighed. “Fine, I promise,” I said in defeat.
He moved out of my way, and I gave him and Marcus a small wave before stepping out into the night air. I did as I was asked and walked straight to my car in the garage even though I really wanted to snoop around more. Once in the garage, I pulled my keys out and went to put them in the door. Out of nowhere, I felt something hard pressed into my back.
“Don’t move and don’t make a sound, or I will shoot you,” a male voice said quietly. I froze, and he pulled my keys out of my hand and threw them across the garage. He spun me around to face him, and put the gun under my chin. I recognized him immediately; it was the stocky guy from the previous night.
He scowled. “Why aren’t you dead, and why do you continue to pester me?” 
“I’m lucky, and I pester you because one of the girls you bled was my cousin,” I said matching his tone.
 “Move.” He motioned toward a black van. The tall man was standing near the front door. I walked slowly in front of the man with the gun. I went toward the black van like I was instructed. I thought about running, but I knew he would kill me for sure especially since he didn’t hesitate using the gun the previous night.
The tall man went around the back of the van and opened the door. He climbed in the van and waited. I stopped in front of the back door of the van. The stocky man prodded me in the back with the gun. “Get in.”
I did as I was told. He pushed me to my knees still holding the gun in my face. The tall man grabbed my arm. I noticed he had an IV set up complete with bags to collect blood. I pulled away, and the stocky man hit me in the back of the head with the butt of the gun. I fell to the floorboard of the van. I felt a searing pain where he hit me with the gun. The tall man took advantage of my momentary stillness and found a vein in my arm. He held my arm while blood ran from my arm into the bag.
“Why are you doing this?” I asked a little disoriented.
“To prove a point,” the man with the gun said, as he watched the other man bleed me.
I glared at him. “You’re going to kill me and you won’t tell me why?” 
His gaze shifted to my face momentarily. “It’s the same as letting that bloodsucker, Nicolai take your blood; so why are you complaining?” 
“He didn’t kill me!” I said exasperated.
“He didn’t last night, but he will. Nicolai lives to kill. It’s in his nature,” the man said as he continued to hold the gun on me.
I started getting woozy as the tall guy changed the bags out. I felt weak, like I couldn’t sit up. My eyelids got heavy and I blinked slowly. All the sudden I heard a voice. I thought it was outside, but when neither of the two men reacted I realized it was in my head.
It sounded an awful lot like Nicolai; so I listened. “Where are you? Don’t speak just think?” Nicolai’s voice echoed in my head.
I didn’t say anything like I was told. I focused on thinking about the garage and the black van. I hoped to hear another response from Nicolai, but I didn’t. I was drifting in and out of consciousness. After a minute or two, I was startled by the sound of the men yelling and moving around me. I heard the sound of gunshots, but I couldn’t move. I just laid there looking at the roof of the van.
Nicolai’s face appeared over me and he smiled. “You just run into trouble don’t you?” He couldn’t hide the amusement in his voice.
“I swear I was doing what Loki told me and going home when they grabbed me,” I said slowly.
“I’m sure.” He picked me up out of the van. I felt a rush of cool air; and then everything went black. 

Chapter 7

I woke up and blinked slowly. It was dark, but there was just enough light for me to see I was in my room. I sat up slowly and looked around. 
The door to my room burst open and my grandmother came walking in. “Isabella, you’re sleeping way too much. Get up. We have a charity ball to go to. We have to go get our hair and makeup done.” She opened curtains and let the sunlight stream in.
“I don’t want to go,” I groaned as I laid back down and covered my head with a pillow.
“Oh well. I’ll be in the car hurry up,” she barked; and then walked out.
I groaned again; and then got out of bed. I checked my reflection in the mirror. I decided I looked good enough; so I went down to the car and got in next to my grandmother.

We spent the afternoon getting our hair done. I asked grandma about my dress and she said she had already had one delivered to the house. By the time my hair was done it was a mass of curls that were all over the place.
Once we got home, I ran upstairs to get dressed. My dress was lying on the bed and it was beautiful. It was a light yellow gown. The corset was embroidered with beads. I put the dress on and I kind of felt like a princess. There were pretty white shoes and long white gloves. When I was dressed I walked downstairs. My grandmother was waiting for me. She was dressed in an elegant gray gown. 
She smiled. “You look lovely.”
I returned her smile. “You look good to.” I was actually excited about doing something somewhat normal. After the past couple days, I needed normal.
“Well, we can’t be too late.” She turned and walked out. I followed her out to the waiting limo. Once we were seated, she looked at me. “The man who’s throwing the ball is a very rich, fine, young man. Susan Powell’s granddaughter is trying to get in his good graces, but you’re far prettier.” 
I rolled my eyes as I looked at her. “You’re not seriously using me to compete with Susan are you?”
“Of course, why else would I make you go?” She took a sip of her drink. 
“Great,” I mumbled, but she ignored me. I stayed silent the rest of the drive.
The limo pulled up to a huge mansion. It was the kind of mansion that I only thought existed in movies. There were people in gowns and tuxedos entering the house. Our car pulled up to the walkway and a man came over and opened the door. My grandmother stepped out first. He smiled at me as I took his hand to exit the car. He was cute; so I smiled back at him.
I followed my grandmother up the stairs and into the walkway of the house. I froze when I saw Nicolai standing at the entrance greeting people. He appeared to be the host; which meant this was his house. Marcus and Loki were standing next to him and they were all talking and laughing.
Marcus saw me first and he stopped and stared at me for a minute. Loki and Nicolai looked in the direction he was when they noticed he quit talking. They both stared at me. 
My grandmother’s voice broke my trance. “What are you doing Isabella? Are you okay?”
I glanced at her. “Yes, I’m fine; just tired.” 
“I hope that you aren’t too tired. I plan to dance the night away with you,” Nicolai said coming up behind me.
I spun around and looked at him unsure of what to say. My grandmother practically shoved me out of the way to get to Nicolai. Marcus caught me and grinned.
She smiled as she offered him her hand. “You must be Nicolai.”
“Yes, madam and you are?” His tone was so polite it seemed like he wasn’t even the same person. 
“Oh, well I’m Veronica Ramora and this is my granddaughter, Isabella Lajunesse.” She was grinning like a school girl. 
Nicolai looked at me briefly like he was considering something; and then he turned his attention back to my grandmother and kissed her hand. “It is an honor.” He bowed slightly.
I couldn’t take it anymore. I rolled my eyes and turned to Marcus. “I need a drink,” I muttered.
Marcus grinned and offered me his arm. I took his arm, and he led me away from the mindless banter going on between my grandmother and Nicolai.
As soon as we reached the bar, I released Marcus’s hand. “Oh my god! He’s such a fake.”
Marcus laughed. “Yes, and he’s really good at it to.” He ordered us drinks. “You, by the way, look beautiful. You literally took my breath away.” 
I scoffed. “I look like a pampered French poodle.” I was annoyed that I was blushing slightly at his compliment.
He grinned. “I like the look. It’s much better than the jeans and tank top.”
I laughed harshly. “I only wear those because I plan to run for my life every time I see one of you.”
He laughed and shook his head. Loki came up behind him and ordered a drink. “Isabella, it is good to see you.”
“You too, although I was a little surprised to see you guys.” I was still a little confused about the whole vampire thing.
Loki smiled. “Yes, well we run in many circles.”
“I can see that,” I agreed.
He continued to watch me with mild interest. “Lajunesse … is that you’re given last name?” 
I nodded. “Yes, my father’s last name; well my real father’s last name. Grandma is my stepfather’s mother. He raised me with my mother, but my birth father was Christophe Lajunesse.”
Loki didn’t look surprised. “Very interesting. I know Christophe we go way back.”
I didn’t know anything about the guy. I just knew his name. “Oh, I don’t know him. I think I prefer not to from what I have heard about him.” I was suddenly nervous. I knew very little about him, but none of it was good. I was pretty sure no one knew much about him. They acted like they didn’t anyway.
“Yes, well I agree, he’s not the nicest man. It’s probably best that you don’t know him.” Loki’s tone was mildly annoyed when he talked about my father, making me a little more curious.
“Bella, Bella, Bella, my darling; I didn’t think I would see you here,” Nicolai suddenly distracted me from the conversation about my father. Nicolai was standing ridiculously close to me, almost possessively.
“Don’t you have some old bird to coerce into believing you’re a gentleman?” I asked condescendingly.
He laughed his usual beautiful laugh. “Now, now, I can’t have you telling all my secrets.”
I smiled sweetly back at him. “I’m pretty sure if I told your secrets I would be in a nut house not standing here like charity ball Barbie.”
Marcus stifled laughter. “I like that, charity ball Barbie, it kind of fits.”
“Oh my god, Nicky?” A loud mouth brunette was hurrying toward us.
I grinned at Nicolai, and he shot me a look that suggested I be quiet. He turned his attention to the woman. “Linda, so nice to see you again.” Nicolai was polite, but I could tell he was faking.
“Would you care to dance?” Linda was looking at him hopefully. She was standing really close to him, almost like a creepy stalker would.
Nicolai glanced at me. “Actually, Bella and were going to dance.”
“Oh, don’t be silly Nicky,” I said in my most annoying voice. “He would love to dance with you Linda. He’s an excellent dancer. I promised Marcus the next dance anyway.” 
Nicolai looked like he wanted to kill me. Marcus and Loki were trying not to laugh. Linda attached herself to Nicolai’s arm. Nicolai gave her a stiff smile; and then glared at me.
“I will get you back,” he whispered before he departed for the dance floor.
As soon as he was gone, Marcus and Loki started laughing. “If he could have a coronary you would be the one that gave it to him,” Marcus said still laughing.
“What? He’s arrogant and hostile I have to take small wins when I can,” I said; and then I took a sip of my drink.
“He is starting to care about you, Isabella. You should use caution because he does not give love freely.” Loki suddenly sounded worried.
I glanced at him, brushing his comment off. “I don’t want his love. I’m leaving soon anyway. Besides we annoy each other more than anything.”
Loki sighed. “Well, whether you want it or not, it’s there. You should probably tell him you do not intend to stay.”
I looked at him confused. “I told Marcus. I figured Nicolai would know.”
“Nicolai and I aren’t friends. The only reason we hang around each other is because of Loki.” Marcus actually managed to sound disgusted.
“Oh, I figured you guys were all like brothers or something weird.” I wasn’t really sure how the vampire social circles worked.
Loki smiled. “Nicolai is the oldest of us three. He made me and I made Marcus. Marcus and I are lovers.”
I looked at him surprised. “Wow, I didn’t know that.”
“We don’t advertise it, but we have been together a very long time.” Loki smiled at Marcus. Marcus smiled at him and leaned into him. I could see how much they loved each other, and it made me a little jealous.
I was startled when I felt a man’s arm go around my waist and pull me tightly against his body. “You naughty girl. I have plans for you,” Nicolai whispered in my ear. 
“Oh what plans are those?” I was starting to flirt since he was in a good mood.
“You will see. Come walk in the garden with me.” His seductive tone made me smile.
I giggled. “My grandmother told me not to talk to strangers.”
“Mmm, I promise I won’t bite … hard.” His voice was a low whisper. He buried his face in my hair.
I sighed. “Well, if you insist.” I let him guide me outside, to the garden, away from the others.
The night air was warm and the wind was blowing. I could hear the ocean on the other side of the garden wall. Nicolai and I walked slowly arm in arm.
“Whose house is this?” I asked casually.
He smiled. “Mine, why?” 
I returned his smile. “Just wondering.” He stopped walking and pulled me to him. I felt my pulse quicken and his smile widened. “I need to tell you something,” I said quickly before he tried to kiss me.
He narrowed his eyes. “What?” His tone was suspicious, almost accusing. 
I rolled my eyes. “You sure know how to make someone trying to tell you something comfortable.”
His expression softened. “I’m sorry Bella. Now what is it you wish to tell me?” He managed to sound more polite this time.
I cleared my throat nervously. “I am only telling you because Loki insisted. I, however, don’t think you will care.” I was trying to make sure he didn’t think I thought he would miss me when I was gone. “I’m only here for another month or two. I’m just visiting my grandmother. I actually live in California.”
He looked away; and then looked back at me without saying anything. “I have to say I’m surprised. I thought you lived here.”
I shook my head. “No, I don’t.” I wasn’t sure what else to say.
“It really doesn’t matter anyway. I suppose we won’t have to spend as much time worrying about whether you’re getting yourself killed.” His tone was suddenly colder than it had been.
I smiled and touched his face gently. “Does this mean you aren’t going to kill me?”
He smiled. “I suppose I won’t, after all it wouldn’t be a very nice thing to do.”
“Don’t worry; I’m sure Linda will keep you company,” I said playfully.
He raised his eyebrows and jumped at me. I giggled and ran away from him. He easily caught me and we tumbled to the ground. He smiled down at me, but even though he was smiling, he looked a little sad. I smiled and pulled him to me and kissed his lips. He kissed me gently for a few minutes; and then he started to tickle me and kiss my neck. I giggled as I tried to fend him off, but it was useless. I felt his fangs pierce my neck, and my breath caught in my throat. I felt like I was floating and it felt good.
Someone cleared their throat, and Nicolai released my neck and looked up. It was Loki. Loki forced a smile. “Your guests are waiting for their host.”
Nicolai looked slightly annoyed, but recovered quickly and smiled at me. “Come on, love.” He stood up and pulled me to my feet. I felt a little unsteady; so he held me still for a minute. Nicolai arranged my hair to cover up the bite mark on my neck. I held Nicolai’s arm, and he led me back into the house. He showed me to a couch and let me sit down. I didn’t think he took a lot of blood, but it was enough to make me dizzy. He walked off to greet more guests. 
My grandmother came over to me smiling. “Having fun?”
“Yes why?” I was trying to act as casual as possible.
She continued to watch me. “No reason. Are you okay dear? You look pale.”
I smiled. “I’m fine, just a little tired.”
She started looking through her purse. “Well, I’m going to head out of here with some of the girls I know from bingo. Will you be ok alone?” 
I nodded. “I’ll be fine.”
 “Excellent; don’t stay out to late dear.” She blew me a kiss as she pranced off.
Marcus sat down next to me and handed me a drink. “She sure lets you do whatever you want.”
I sighed. “I’m not her first, middle, or even last concern.”
He looked slightly confused. “Why do you come here to see her then?” 
I shrugged and smiled. “Because she was nice to me when everyone else wasn’t.”
“Oh. I’ll take you home if you want.” He gently nudged me.
“I’m fine. I’m not ready to leave.” I managed to avoid his eyes. I wanted to spend more time with Nicolai, but I didn’t want to come right out and say it. Marcus looked away from me. He seemed nervous all of the sudden. I touched his arm. “Marcus, are you okay?”
He smiled shyly. “Yes. I was just thinking. I mean I was worried about you. Nicolai has a way of making himself look better than he is.”
“I can take care of myself, Marcus; I promise. Besides what happens, happens and no one can change that.” I was trying to reassure him.
He smiled. “You’re the coolest human I’ve met in a long time.”
I laughed. “I’m going to go ahead and take that as a compliment.” I took another sip of my drink.
He laughed. Loki came over to us and Marcus hopped up happily and took his arm. “Are you sure you want to stay?” Loki asked cautiously as he watched me.
I nodded and smiled. “Positive, I’ll be fine. Besides you two will know where to look and who to blame if I disappear.”
Loki sighed, but nodded. They both waved as they left. I stayed on the couch and had a few more drinks. 

After about an hour, the crowd was just about cleared out, and Nicolai was showing the few remaining guests to the door. Linda was one of the last ones leaving, and she kept glancing at me as she tried to make excuses to stay. When they finally left, Nicolai turned around and leaned against the door. “I hate social events.”
I laughed. “Then why do you host them?” 
He smiled as he walked toward me slowly. “It’s an ego thing; you wouldn’t understand.” He sat down next to me.
I smiled nervously. “Ah, I see.”
He leaned over me and kissed my lips. “I’ve been thinking about things.” He was smiling mischievously.
I giggled, pulling away. “Oh? What things?” 
“You and me things,” he whispered seductively.
“Mmm, sounds interesting, but I don’t think it’s a good idea.” His lips met mine again as soon as I finished speaking.
“Why not? You would love my bedroom,” he whispered between kisses.
I laughed. “Is that you selling point?” 
He smiled. “That, among other things.”
“I should go.” I moved to push past him.
“No wait. I want you to stay.” He sounded almost desperate.
I raised my eyebrows in amusement. “Why?” I loved teasing him.
“I think you know why, Isabella. Do you really need me to say it?” He was starting to sound slightly annoyed. 
“Yes, I do,” I said haughtily.
“Fine, I want you; all of you. I want to feel you cry with pleasure under me as I make love to you. I want you to say my name so many times that you never forget me when you’re gone.” His voice was a low whisper as he wrapped his arms around me.
I smiled slightly. “You’ll never be forgotten, Nicolai.” I caressed his face. I was beginning to feel like I didn’t want to leave. I wanted Nicolai, and I didn’t want to think about going home and not seeing him again.
His expression changed and he stood up quickly. He looked reserved and cold like he did when he was being an ass. I sat up and waited for the cruel words that I knew were coming. “You can go.” He turned and walked away.
“Thank you for the permission,” I yelled sarcastically at his back. I stood up and walked to the door and let myself out. I cussed when I realized my grandmother took the car. I looked back at the door and debated asking Nicolai for a ride, but I decided against it and started walking. 
Nicolai’s neighborhood was a beautiful beach community of huge mansions. I walked slowly enjoying the summer air as I went. I was also slightly drunk; which made navigating the street in heels challenging; so I decided to take my shoes off and carry them.
After about fifteen minutes, I spotted a sleek black car coming up the street from behind me. It slowed down when it got to me, and the passenger window rolled down. It was Nicolai, and he looked annoyed “What are you doing?” His tone mirrored his annoyed expression.
I smiled sweetly at him. “It’s a nice night; so I’m walking.”
“Get in,” he demanded.
I shook my head. “No, I was taught not to take rides or candy from strangers.”
He looked away from me trying to fight a smile. “Isabella don’t be difficult.” His tone was stern as he looked at me.
“I have this strong feeling that if I’m difficult you will spank me.” I giggled.
He laughed. “You’re impossible. Please just get in before my neighbors call the cops.” He still sounded slightly annoyed, but not as much as he was before.
I sighed as I opened the passenger door. I slid in the leather seat. I giggled and leaned back in the seat. 
Nicolai glanced over at me. “What are you doing?” 
“Nothing what are you doing?” I countered.
“Never mind,” He grumbled, annoyed.
“Never mind,” I said mocking him; and then I giggled. He just shot me an evil look. I leaned back and looked out the window. My corset was killing me; so I leaned forward and untied it.
“What are you doing?” Nicolai asked again, eyeing me suspiciously.
“Taking this torture device off.” I tossed the corset on the floor.
 He looked straight ahead. I noticed he had a white knuckled grip on the steering wheel. The dress underneath the corset was thin, and I wasn’t wearing a bra. I didn’t care because it made Nicolai uncomfortable. I started unpinning all of my hair and letting it fall around my shoulders in a curled mess.
“Why are you undressing in my car?” He sounded even more annoyed than before. 
I grinned. “Because it annoys you. Don’t look; and you won’t have a problem.” 
“Isabella I’m a vampire, that means my tendencies are ten times worse than a human mans,” he growled impatiently.
“Oh, is that so?” I leaned forward, teasing him. The shoulder strap on my under dress slipped down my shoulder almost exposing my breast.
He veered off the road and turned into a parking lot. As soon as the car stopped, he pounced on me. I screamed as he tore into my neck open. I felt blood running everywhere as he growled and buried his face deeper in my neck. I tried to fight, but he held me pinned. He never attacked me like this. I knew he was going to kill me. I felt panic fill me and it was a horrible feeling. I started crying and saying his name when he wouldn’t move. 
He stopped suddenly, and looked at me like he didn’t know what happened. Blood covered his face and shirt. Suddenly, he looked sick. I was trying to control my crying, but it was hard because I was scared. I was bleeding; not to mention drunk which made things worse.
He pulled his shirt off, and I flinched when he pressed it to my neck. “Isabelle, I’m so sorry.” He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and pushed a key; and then put it to his ear.
“I need you, I hurt her.” He hung up without waiting for a reply.
He held the steering wheel with both hands; and then laid his head on top of the wheel. I held the shirt to my neck, but I could feel it starting to soak through. I was still crying, and I couldn’t stop because I was still scared to death.
Lights flashed in the rearview mirror as a car pulled up behind us. Two people got out. I could tell it was Marcus and Loki. Marcus ran to my side and opened the door, and Loki went to Nicolai’s side.
Marcus looked at me with fear in his eyes as he pulled the shirt back. He looked down and shook his head. “Loki, he got the artery. She doesn’t have long.” Marcus sounded so angry.
Loki touched Nicholai’s shoulder. “Nicolai will have to give her blood.”
“I won’t,” Nicolai said quietly.
“If you don’t she dies you bastard!” Marcus yelled.
“She needs to die. She’s making me crazy.” Nicolai’s voice was pained.
Loki scoffed. “Nicolai you don’t mean that. You care about this girl. I saw that when I saw you in the garden with her.”
“She’s leaving Loki.” He looked at Loki. “I would rather her die at my hand then see her leave and be with someone else.”
“Nicolai, she could find a reason to stay if you would give her one. Trying to take her life is not a reason she will accept.” Loki was trying to reason with him.
Marcus glared at Nicolai. “Nicolai, I swear you better do this!” 
Nicolai looked at me with a pained expression. He brought his wrist to his mouth and bit it. Once he offered it to me, Marcus snatched his wrist and pressed it to my mouth. His blood was strong and hot like it had been last time, and I didn’t want to stop drinking. Marcus pulled me away after a few minutes and cradled me in his arms. I slowly drifted into darkness. 

Chapter 8

I woke up and blinked a couple times before I realized I was not in my room. I sat up quickly and touched my neck, as I remembered the events of the previous night. I couldn’t feel a wound or even a scar.
“You’re healed, Bella.” Marcus was sitting in a chair next to the bed. I didn’t notice him until he spoke.
I sat up straighter. “Marcus, what happened to Nicolai?” 
He sighed. “He left Isabella. He can’t see you anymore.”
I felt my chest tighten when he said it. I almost didn’t want to believe what he was saying. “Why not?” I was trying to hold back my emotions.
“He doesn’t want to hurt you, Isabella. In order to protect you he can’t see you.” He wouldn’t look at me because he knew how much he was hurting me.
I swallowed past the lump that was forming in my throat. “I want to go home.”
He stood up. “Okay, I’ll take you.”
He offered his hand to help me, but I ignored it and stood up on my own. He sighed and opened the door for me. I walked out past him. I followed him out of the club, and climbed into a waiting white Mercedes. I didn’t speak the whole ride home. I told Marcus goodnight. I went into my grandmother’s house and went to my room.
I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes. I felt like I was going to cry, and on top of that, I was exhausted. I thought of Nicolai, and I felt a pang of sadness. I didn’t even really know why. We didn’t know each other very long, and in that time we had hurt each other more than anything. The memory of him was so vivid. I could smell his cologne and it made me miss him even more. 
 “Stop it.” Nicolai’s low whisper startled me.
I sat up. Nicolai was standing in front of me. “Nicolai …” I started but he held up his hand and cut me off.
“Bella, you can’t do this to me.” He had a pained look on his face. 
I looked at him confused. “Do what?” 
“Love me. I’m not capable of loving you,” he said firmly.
“I can’t choose who I love!” I was getting angry. “You said you didn’t want to see me, and yet you are the one who came to me.”
“I came because I can feel everything you feel and you’re driving me insane.” He sounded like he was pleading with me.
“You tell me not to love you, and now you’re trying to say I can’t be sad that you don’t want me? I’m human, Nicolai. I can’t change my feelings for you.” I was getting more upset. He wasn’t making sense.
He looked away from me. “I know, that is why I’m here. I’m going to erase your memories of me and the others.”
“No!” I scrambled across the bed, away from him.
He easily caught me. He grabbed me from behind as I tried to struggle. “Stop,” he begged. “Don’t fight me.”
I stopped struggling, and let him turn me around to face him. I looked into his eyes and he smiled sadly. “You will forget me, and move on.”
I felt like I was in a trance, but I refused to forget. I felt dizzy and he kissed my lips; and then everything went black.

Chapter 9

I woke up in my bed and sat up. I felt foggy. I remembered everything that happened, including Nicolai coming to my room and telling me that he was going to make me forget. I was a little disappointed because I thought I was supposed to forget, but somehow I remembered everything. I sighed as I looked around slowly. It was after seven at night, and I didn’t know what to do. I decided to shower; and then I would have to decide what to do.
When I was done with my shower, I found a movie on TV to watch. I pretended interest for a while. There was a knock on my door, and I looked up quickly. Alana was standing in the doorway. She looked pale but she was smiling.
“Alana!” I squealed as I jumped up and hugged her.
She returned my embrace. “Hey Bella.”
I looked at her hesitantly. “Do you remember what happened?” 
She smiled weakly. “Yeah, I went out with a friend and I passed out from some weird illness.”
I looked at her for a minute. I was beginning to think she didn’t remember anything. “What’s wrong Bella?” She looked worried. 
I shook my head. “Nothing.” I decided not to push it.
We watched movies for the rest of the night and she didn’t say anything about the club, or even Eric. 

Chapter 10

Alana stayed the night, and the next morning she went home. I decided to hang around the house all day since I wasn’t welcome downtown. They all believed I had forgotten; so they would probably be mad if they found out I didn’t.
At about four, my Grandmother came barging in my room like normal. “We’re going to dinner. There’s a new restaurant downtown called Pierre’s and I want to go.” Her tone was clipped like she wasn’t happy with me.
I scowled, slightly confused. “Then go.”
“You’re coming too. I don’t like dining alone. Dress nice; it’s an elegant place and be ready by eight.” She marched off before I could protest.
I spent the remaining time I had messing with my hair. I finally settled on piling it all on top of my head. I picked a slinky low cut black dress. It had a slit all the way up one side and I paired it with a pair of strappy sandals. I took one final look in the mirror and smiled. I looked good, and I intended to forget about Nicolai and have fun. At eight, I walked downstairs and my grandmother was waiting. She was wearing a red dress that had too many ruffles. She smiled at me, and I followed her out to the car.
Pierre’s was downtown off the river front. The car pulled up to the restaurant and we got out. I froze when I saw Marcus standing outside a café that was next to the restaurant. He noticed me and froze too. I looked away from him quickly because I didn’t want him to think I remembered anything. I followed my grandmother inside, to our table. There was a man a little older than me standing at the table and my heart sank.
She immediately ordered a martini from the waiter and then turned toward me. “Isabella this is Jeremy. He’s Andrew Carter’s son, and he’ll be joining us for dinner.” She was wearing her usual conniving smile. 
“I didn’t know we were meeting anyone, Grandma.” I tried not to sound as annoyed as I felt.
Jeremy looked from grandma to me, smiling nervously. “It’s nice to meet you Isabella.”
I noticed Marcus and Loki walked in the door and look over at me. “Pleasure, is all mine.” I smiled, leaning into him as he took my hand.
He returned my smile and pulled my seat out for me.
 I sat down and ordered a drink. Jeremy and my grandmother talked about the business world. All of which I knew nothing about, but I pretended to listen anyway. I glanced at Loki and Marcus every once in a while. They were at the bar watching me for some reason.
“Do you know those gentlemen?” Jeremy asked sounding a little perturbed.
“Yes, and no, why?” I returned his annoyed tone. 
His face reddened and he looked down. “I’m sorry. I’m just a little jealous.” He was unable to meet my eyes.
I sighed. “Don’t be, they are gay.” He was sweet. I wished I could be into a guy like him, but I knew better.
I was startled by the sound of a familiar male voice. “Mrs. Ramora? … and I can’t quite remember the granddaughter’s name.” Nicolai appeared out of nowhere smiling.
My grandmother jumped up beaming. “Nicolai, what a surprise.” She offered her hand.
I leaned toward Jeremy. “Would you care to join me at the bar?” I smiled seductively.
“Of course.” He quickly stood and offered me his hand.
Nicolai didn’t look happy, but I pretended not to notice; since I wasn’t supposed to remember him. “Grandma, we will be by the bar if you need us.”
“Of course dear have fun.” She managed to take her attention of Nicolai briefly to respond.
I let Jeremy guide me toward the bar. On the way up, I glanced over my shoulder and smiled sweetly at Nicolai. He raised his eyebrows, looking almost confused. 
Jeremy and I stood on the opposite end from Loki and Marcus. I made it a point to stand close to him because I knew Nicolai was watching.
Jeremy looked over at my grandmother and Nicolai. “So your Grandma likes that guy?” 
“Yes, but she has no taste,” I said flirtatiously as I traced the collar of his shirt.
He blushed and smiled. “I thought you were disapproving of me when you first came in.”
I gave a surprised look. “Of course not.” I leaned into him more.
He looked like he was going to kiss me; so I leaned in so he knew I wasn’t opposed. All of the sudden, I was knocked backwards and Jeremy was thrown across the room. Nicolai lunged at Jeremy and Loki and Marcus caught him.
“Nicolai stop!” I yelled and Nicolai looked at me. I marched up to him and got as close to him as I could. “What the hell are you doing?” 
A combination of annoyance and confusion crossed his face. “You know me?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Of course I know you; you ass,” I snapped. Nicolai looked at Loki and Loki shrugged. I looked at Loki. “Get him out before the cops come. I’ll come down to the club later.” I went over to Jeremy who was on the floor. He had the wind knocked out of him but he wasn’t hurt.
Jeremy scowled. “What’s wrong with that guy?” 
I smiled nervously as I helped him up. “We kind of dated, but not really. It was all just a big misunderstanding.”
“I better go.” He turned and basically ran away from me.
I sighed and went back over to my grandmother’s table. 
She watched me as she sipped her martini. “So are you playing the field or what?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Nicolai said he didn’t want to see me.”
She smiled. “That’s what they all say when they realize they are in love and it scares them.” 
I scoffed. “He isn’t in love; he’s an ass.”
“Well, that’s what all men are. Any who … I’m going to the bingo hall. Would you like to come?” She stood, watching me.
I shook my head. “I have something to do.”
“Well then, stay out of trouble and I will see you later,” she called as she walked toward the door.
I sighed and stood. I followed her out. She got in her car, and I walked down riverfront toward Loki’s club. It was only a few blocks away. The bouncer at the door just stepped aside like usual. I walked into the club and looked around. I spotted Nicolai in a corner booth. He was already watching me. He must’ve been waiting; which made me a little nervous. I walked over to the booth and stood in front of him. 
He just looked at me; he didn’t look happy. “You remember everything don’t you?” 
“Yes, I do,” I said softly. “But I was going to respect you and stay away.”
He smiled. “Somehow I don’t believe you.”
I was getting annoyed. “Then don’t, but don’t come around when you feel like it and attack my dates!” I turned to leave before he could reply.
He appeared in front of me and I stepped back; which left me pinned against the table. “That loser was your actual date?” he yelled, losing his temper.
“Who are you to say he was a loser? As far as I can tell the only loser here is you!” I countered.
He moved quickly; and slapped me across the face. It happened so fast I couldn’t make a sound. He grabbed me by my throat and slammed me onto the table top pinning me. My hands went to his hand as it grasped my throat. I tried to pry it off, but I couldn’t. No one came to my aid; they just acted like they didn’t see anything. I couldn’t breathe and he wasn’t letting me get any air. I struggled helplessly under his weight and strength. I started to pass out so I stopped struggling and tried to relax hoping it wouldn’t hurt anymore if I did. At the very last second he released me and I sucked in air and started coughing.
“That’s how it felt to see you with him,” he hissed; and then stepped away from me.
I looked at him angrily as I rubbed my throat. “What did you think would happen if I was made to forget?” I yelled furiously. “What did you think I just wouldn’t see anyone?” He just looked at me with one of his cold looks that I couldn’t read. “Fine, I’m leaving. Don’t come near me ever again!” I hopped off the table and stormed past him.
My neck hurt like hell and I wanted to cry. I just didn’t want to cry in front of Nicolai. I felt a little better when the cool air hit my face. I walked back toward the river front trying to forget about Nicolai. I stopped on the edge of the river and looked out over the water at the passing boats.
“Bella?” a familiar male voice said cautiously.
I turned around slightly startled. Marcus was standing a few feet away. “What do you want?” I asked sounding a little less than friendly.
He hesitated. “I was just worried about you.”
I scoffed. “Did you know he was going to try to erase my memory?”
He looked away for a minute; and then he looked back at me. “It was for your own safety.”
“Then why did you follow me into the restaurant? Why did he attack my date?” I snapped.
“I know that was stupid. He just saw you with someone else and snapped. We tried to stop him.” Marcus sounded like he was desperately trying to get me to understand.
I scowled. “Then why did he attack me at the club?” 
He sighed. “He loves you Bella, and this is what he does. That’s why Loki and I were trying so hard to get you to stay away.” 
“You don’t hurt people you love!” I countered.
“No, but sometimes it is hard for us not to,” he said quietly. “How do you think I ended up a vampire? I was human when I met Loki and we fell in love. Things went too far, and he changed me. Don’t get me wrong I’m happy he did, but it’s something that has to be thought about when traveling down this road.”
“I’m not traveling down any road anymore. I told him to stay away, and he better.” I started walking away from Marcus.
Marcus quickly caught up to me. “Bella, he won’t. If you push him you’ll just make him more desperate.”
I stopped and looked at him. “I’ll leave then. I’ll be on the first plane out of this city tomorrow.”
Marcus looked hurt. “Please don’t go. I’ll talk to him and see if I can get him to calm down. You’re the only human friend I’ve had since my death.”
I scowled. “Marcus, according to you if I stay, I won’t be human for long.”
“I know, but it isn’t that bad.” He took my hands and pulled me closer to him. “All of us could be together forever.” 
“Marcus, I don’t know if I want to live forever especially with Nicolai. He’s cold and callous and he’s cruel when he wants to be.” I thought of everything Nicolai had done, and none of it seemed like it was for my benefit.
 “True, I’m all those things, but you’re reckless, and arrogant, and you don’t listen, even if it will save your life,” Nicolai growled from behind me.
 I jumped a little when I heard Nicolai’s voice. I turned around quickly and was face to face with him. “Your point?” I asked trying to sound brave.
“My point is you have flaws just like I do,” he snapped.
“I don’t throw other people’s dates, or attempt to kill them just to prove that I can!” I was getting angry again.
He glared at me. “You shouldn’t have had a date!” 
“You tried to make me forget!” I yelled back. He was making me furious.
“Well you didn’t, and that’s a sign. A sign I refuse to ignore.” He smiled and my pulse started to race. His fangs glinted in the faint light.
I took a step back. He wasn’t going to give me a choice, I could see it in his eyes.
I stood frozen; unsure of what I should do next. Time seemed to stand still as I looked into Nicolai's eyes. I was vaguely aware of Marcus standing not far from me, but I was too focused on Nicolai to look at him.
I was warned away from Nicolai, but I didn't listen. Now we were here. Do I run? Do I stay and let him change me? I wasn't sure what to do anymore. Our relationship was rocky at best. It was not the type of relationship I would like to have for eternity.
I couldn't outrun him. I wasn't sure if I would be able to scream before he was on me. The choices rushed through my mind. None of them seemed appropriate for the situation. Every way I looked at it I was going to die tonight.
He caught me by my arm and pulled me closer to him. He moved so fast I didn’t have time to react. His lips covered mine and he kissed me aggressively. I felt his fang cut my lip, and the taste of my own blood filled my mouth. I loved the taste of his mouth. He moved lower and kissed my neck. I felt his fangs sink into my neck. I closed my eyes and relaxed in his arms. He released me and smiled as he touched my face. “Stay with me forever.”
I looked at him unsure how to answer a question liked that. “Nicolai, I don’t know, I …” 
He cut me off by putting his finger to my lips. “I will take care of you, Bella.”
I looked at him confused. “Nicolai, we always fight; we never agree. How can you want me to stay with you forever?” 
“Please Bella, we can make this work. We can be together forever.” He kissed my hand.
I stepped away. “Nicolai no.” 
He looked angry and hurt. I knew I was only going to push him so far before he decided I wasn’t worth the trouble.
The sudden sound of screaming tires caught everyone's attention. Nicolai knocked me to the ground as the sound of gunfire erupted shattering the silence. Someone grabbed my arm and hauled me to my feet.
A man in a mask jumped out of the car. I looked around frantically for Marcus and Nicolai. They were both gone. The man pulled me to the car. I struggled and swung at him. He pressed the cold barrel of a gun to my cheek and I froze. He took the opening and shoved me in the backseat of the car. He climbed in after me the shouted to the driver. "Go! Go! Go!"
The car sped off. I sat up looking at the man who still had the gun pointed directly in my face. He was wearing a ski mask; so I couldn't tell what he looked like, but his voice was vaguely familiar.
"What do you want?" I did my best to sound brave. I was actually surprised my voice didn't waver in the slightest. 
"We just saved your ass, Bella. Nicolai is one of the worst vampires around. He will kill you and not even blink an eye.” The man was waving the gun.
"How do you know my name?" I was annoyed now, and I let him know it. I didn't like being pushed around. So maybe he saved me tonight, but he couldn't protect me from Nicolai forever. I wasn't even really sure I needed protecting. Nicolai was always threatening to harm me in some way, but he hadn't yet. I shivered at the thought. Something about the way he looked at me tonight was different than usual.
The driver of the car spoke for the first time. "Your father sent us."  
"Bob?" I was confused. My stepfather had money but I doubted he would send armed thugs to rescue me.
"No, Christophe." The man sounded confused. "Who the hell is Bob?"
"None of your business. Where are you taking me?" I asked angrily. I never even met my father. My mother claimed he left when I was really young. I didn't know the whole story. All I knew was that he never sought me out before; so why now?
The guy driving made an annoyed noise. "To your father, jeez you're dense.”
"Leave her alone and drive Andrew." The guy with the gun was actually defending me. He quit aiming the gun at me and pulled his mask off.
I was shocked. It was Jeremy, the guy I pretended I was on a date with. Nicolai pushed him around in the restaurant. I scowled. "You!" 
He raised his hands as if I was going to attack him. "Don't be mad, I’m just doing my job."
"What? You lied so you could go out with me?" I was so angry I was clenching my fists.
"That was a coincidence. I didn't know you were the same girl I was going on a date with. Your grandmother arranged the date, not me.” He obviously didn't like that I was accusing him of being deceiving.
"What does my father want with me?" I was tired of the run around. I wanted at least one person to tell me what the hell was going on.
He shrugged. I could tell he honestly didn't know. "It’s my job to deliver you that’s it. They don't tell me anything, but what I need to know." His voice was soft and I could tell he wasn't trying to be rude.
I crossed my arms and looked out the window. I was worried about Marcus and Nicolai. Obviously they were okay if they were able to get away. I hoped they were anyway.
After about ten minutes of driving, he pulled in a huge resort hotel. I was a little happy because at least I would be in public in case he decided to kill me or something. 
Andrew pulled up to the valet and let me and Jeremy out. I followed Jeremy into the hotel. He went into the hotel bar and directed me toward a table in the back. A man that didn’t physically look much older than me stood up and smiled. I say man, but I knew he was a vampire. He was tall and slim, and he had my same white hair I did. I was guessing he also had my turquoise eyes.
He offered me his hand. “Isabella, it’s nice to finally meet you.”
“The same to you, Christophe.” I was polite, but without any type of emotion.
“Chris, she knows about vampires,” Jeremy said quietly.
Christophe looked a little uncomfortable as he looked at me. “How did you find out?” 
“I ran into some. Why does that matter?” I was getting impatient. I wanted to know why the kidnapping and gunfire was necessary. 
He sighed. “I see. I was hoping you would never find out about this side of the world. It is not a pleasant place.”
“I don’t understand why you had to have your goons kidnap me.” I made sure he knew I wasn’t happy with him. 
I saw Christophe glance at the door, and a look of fear crossed his face. Jeremy stood up ready to draw his gun. I looked over at what they were looking at. It was Nicolai.
“No don’t hurt him!” I snapped as I stood up. “I’ll be back.” I walked toward Nicolai. “What are you doing here?” I demanded once I got close enough to him.
“You were dragged into a car by unknown men; so I decided to make sure you weren’t in harm’s way; which apparently you are.” He sounded as annoyed as I felt.
“Why do you say that?” I was wondering what he knew, and if he knew who Christophe was.
“That is Christophe and he hates me. He will kill you just to get to me.” I could tell Nicolai wasn’t lying. He was serious.
I laughed. “If Christophe kills me; which I doubt, it will not be because of you. I probably have a better chance of survival with him.” Nicolai seemed determined to make me into a vampire; which I didn’t want. Not now anyway. I wasn’t sure if it was something I would ever want.
“How do you know?” He was getting more annoyed.
“Nicolai, Christophe is my father,” I countered matching his annoyed tone.
He looked shocked; and then his expression darkened. “I thought you looked familiar.”
I narrowed my eyes at his reaction. “Great now that you know leave.” 
He looked at me one last time; and then turned and left. I felt my chest tighten as disappointment washed over me. He didn’t even argue, I thought he might fight for me, but I was wrong. I was a little glad he was gone; I didn’t want him getting hurt. I went back over to Christophe’s table and sat down.
“How do you know Nicolai?” Christophe asked sharply.
“Long story; besides, I don’t owe you an explanation just like I do not owe him one. Now what do you want?” I was annoyed at the fact that the men in my life were trying to control me.
He looked a little taken back. “I’m sorry. We just do not have a good history. I can’t believe he even associates with someone related to me.” 
“Oh, why?” I asked even more curious now. Somehow my father and Nicolai had a history, and I wanted to know what it was.
“It’s a longer story than you can imagine, but maybe I will tell you someday.” He smiled. “So I thought you lived in California with Marion.”  He was changing the subject on me probably for good reason.
“I do, I’m here visiting my grandmother for the summer.” I debated bringing the Nicolai subject back up but decided against it.
“Ah, I thought your grandmother on your mother’s side died and of course mine is long dead,” he said quietly.
I hesitated. “It is my stepfather’s mother.” I didn’t really like giving him details of my personal life, but I didn’t see a way around it.
“Oh.” He looked down at his drink. “Are you and your stepfather close?” 
“I don’t really get along with any of them.” I decided to be honest. My family and I were very distant, even when we were together.
“Oh, well I was hoping you would like to get to know me. I will be in town for a while, and I would like to see you more.” He actually looked like he was genuinely interested in me.
I looked at him for a minute. “I don’t understand why you want to see me now, it’s been seventeen years and I’ve never met you.” 
“To be honest I just found out I had a child about a year ago. Vampires are not supposed to be able to have children; so you could imagine my surprise.” He laughed like it was no big deal.
His joking demeanor annoyed me. I went seventeen years without a father because he thought vampires couldn’t have children. “Mom said you left when she found out she was pregnant.” 
He smiled nervously. “I did, but I thought she was cheating on me. She didn’t know I was a vampire, and I didn’t know I could get her pregnant.” 
“Oh.” I guess I could see what he was talking about.
He hesitated, and then spoke. “Is Nicolai nice to you?” 
I was surprised he changed the subject back to Nicolai. “As nice as he knows how to be.”
He sighed. “Please be careful with him. Now that he knows who you are you are in danger.”
“I think Nicolai loves me. I doubt being your daughter will change that.” I, at least, was hoping he loved me enough not to hurt me. He said he was going to hurt me, but I didn’t really believe it.
“Nicolai has his own version of love and he can be very dangerous when he feels he is not in control.” He had a concerned expression on his face.
“I know. I better go, my grandmother told me not to be out to late and it’s already two in the morning.” I stood up waiting to be stopped. I wasn’t sure if I would be allowed to leave.
He stood up and smiled. “Here is my number.” He handed me a card. “I will be staying here for a while.”
I took it and smiled at him. “Okay, thank you.”
He watched me nervously. “Would you like Andrew to give you a ride back?” 
I shook my head. “I doubt Nicolai left; I will find him.”
Christophe didn’t look happy, but nodded. “Please, be careful with him.”
I nodded and said goodbye. I walked outside into the early morning air. I could smell the ocean just on the other side. I decided to walk to the beach instead of finding Nicolai immediately. I knew he would find me anyway.
I stood in front of the ocean and watched the waves. I looked up at the moon. It was right there, just above the ocean. I had a lot to think about. My life had gotten complicated just in a matter of days. I had a vampire father, and sometimes a vampire boyfriend.
“How was the family reunion?” a familiar voice asked softly from behind me.
I smiled and responded without turning around. “Fine, why?” 
I felt Nicolai come up behind me. He buried his face in my hair. “Did he turn you against me?”
I laughed and turned to look at him. “You’re the only one turning me against you.” 
He gave his usual cold look when he was mad or offended, or when he had no clue what to say. “How so?” 
“You’re trying to force me to be with you forever. What if I don’t want to be a vampire?” I had so many things happen in the past couple days I couldn’t handle any more.
“I give you my word I will not touch you without your permission.” He looked sincere, but he seemed to change his mind like the tide changed. 
“I’m sure. I don’t even know what your word is worth,” I snapped and turned away. I knew I sounded like a petulant child, but I didn’t care.
He grabbed my arm and spun me around to face him. “What did Christophe tell you?”
I smiled sadly. “The same thing everyone, even Loki, told me; stay away from him he’s dangerous, he will only hurt you, he looks out for himself and no one else.” 
He released my arm and pushed a strand of hair out of my face. “They’re right. I’m not a good person, I never was and I doubt I ever will be. I have done horrible cruel things in my lifetime, but I do love you Isabella; and I will always do what I can to make you happy.”
“What happened between you and my father?” I didn’t have the energy to try to determine what he meant by love.
“That’s too long of a story to tell.” I could tell he didn’t want to tell me; it wasn’t that he couldn’t.
“Either you tell me, or I know he will.” I didn’t mean for it to sound like a threat, but it did.
Nicolai looked annoyed and shook his head. “Can we at least go to my house where it’s comfortable and private?” 
I nodded and he offered his hand. I took it and we walked back up to the hotel. He handed the valet his ticket, and they left to get his car. He was quiet and he looked like he had a lot on his mind. He held my hand and waited patiently.
The car ride was short, but it was just as silent. I was guessing whatever happened was serious enough that he didn’t want me to know and it made me nervous. He pulled into his driveway, and I followed him into the house.
He walked over to the bar. “Would you like a drink?” 
I nodded and sat down on the couch. Nicolai delaying was annoying. I took a deep breath and tried to remain patient.
After a minute, he walked back over and handed me a drink. He sat down next to me and smiled. “Where would you like me to start?” 
“The beginning.” I felt like I had been left out of so much. I didn’t want to be left out anymore.
“Okay; well five hundred years ago I was a merchant’s son in Italy. My father sailed everywhere and discovered all he could; including vampires. He brought a vampire back with him on his last journey. This vampires name was Carlos. At first, we did not know he was a vampire, and he stayed with us for months. Your father was a lord’s son and he befriended Carlos. Carlos changed your father into a vampire like him. I began to realize something was off when people began to die mysteriously. I started investigating and I realized it was Carlos that was killing people. I confronted him and he turned me as well.” He paused and he looked a little unsure if he should continue.
“Then what happened?” I asked pressing him.
He sighed. “I didn’t want to be turned, and I was angry. When I got a chance, I killed Carlos and I tried to kill Christophe as well, but he managed to escape. I didn’t realize that without my master I had no control over my blood lust. I killed several people, including my own family. I fled Italy when I realized this, and I went into hiding until I could figure out how to control myself. Christophe went through the same thing and killed several people before another master got control of him. Since then, we have disliked each other, and we try to avoid being in the same town together.”
“You’re five hundred years old?” I asked not really believing it.
He nodded. “Five hundred and twenty two exactly.”
“And my father is just as old?” I didn’t really believe him. It just seemed impossible.
He nodded. “Maybe a year or two younger, but he’s not as powerful as me.” He smiled like he knew something I didn’t.
“Why not?” I asked confused.
“Because I was able to master the blood lust; he still needs another vampire to help him control it.” He looked like he was considering something. I wanted to ask him what he was thinking, but I wanted my questions answered more.
“So vampires can have children then?” I asked curiously.
He shook his head and stood up, “They aren’t supposed to be able to. You are the first I have seen; which is probably why you are not affected by our charms like normal humans.” He smiled slightly.
“Oh; so there is no one else like me?” I was still trying to process the whole thing.
He sat down again. “I don’t think so.”
I looked away unsure what to say or do next.
He pulled me into his lap and kissed me gently. I kissed him back. I was beginning to think I was really in love with him. I loved the way he smelled, and the way his mouth tasted. He laid me down on the couch and continued kissing me. He went to my neck and I moaned when his fangs sank into my neck. He held me and fed like he always did. I began to get dizzy and I realized he was taking too much. I tried to push him away, but he wouldn’t budge. I panicked and started fighting him, but I was getting weaker. 
I saw someone behind Nicolai. They grabbed him, and threw him backwards. It was Loki. Marcus was behind him. Marcus pulled me to my feet and pulled me toward the door.
“You have forgotten your place Loki!” Nicolai hissed. His eyes were animal-like, and he had blood dripping down his chin.
“You cannot turn her against her will. She will hate you for it, and you will lose her anyway.” Loki was pleading with him.
“Her father will do it if I don’t. I know Christophe well enough to know that!” Nicolai wasn’t backing down. I was beginning to worry this wasn’t going to end well for us.
“Nicolai you are pushing her away by repeatedly breaking her trust like you always do,” Loki said desperately.
“It is not your choice, I’m your master!” Nicolai was getting angrier by the second.
“Yes you are, and I’m trying to keep you from making a huge mistake,” Loki said quietly.
Nicolai’s eyes blazed with anger. Loki fell to the floor holding his head. He started screaming. Marcus left me and ran to Loki. He held him as he looked at Nicolai panicked. 
“Stop please!” Marcus begged.
Anger surged through me and I ran at Nicolai. I hit him with my body. I thought it wouldn’t do anything, but I was wrong. We went flying across the room into the opposite wall. Nicolai looked at me surprised and I punched him in the face. He cussed and threw me backwards. I landed on my feet and he looked shocked. I was shocked as well but I lunged at him again anyway. He dodged me and grabbed me from behind. I elbowed him and threw him across the room. I pinned him and looked in his eyes; I was so angry I was shaking.
“Your eyes; you have teeth.” He spoke quietly, and he didn’t make a move to resist.
I looked at him confused because he wasn’t making any sense. “Stop hurting them,” I demanded shoving him back again.
“I have.” He sounded like an annoyed child as he looked at me.
I backed off of him, but I stayed on the ground near him. I was still tired and I felt like I was hungry and craving something, but I couldn’t place it. 
He sat up and smiled. I just got more confused at his reaction. I thought he would be furious. He bit his own wrist and let the blood drip from it. I looked at it and my mouth watered. I realized that was what I wanted. He offered it to me, and I put my mouth to his wrist and moaned. It was sweet and hot. It tasted like what I wanted I just didn’t know it until it touched my tongue. 
After a minute, he pulled me away from his wrist and pulled me to his neck. My mouth watered. I could smell the blood under his skin. I hesitated afraid of what was happening.
“Bite me.” His voice was soft and laced with pleasure. He wanted me to bite him.
I didn’t ask questions I just bit down. My mouth filled with hot, sweet blood. I held him as I drank as fast as I could. He collapsed backwards onto the floor and I followed him still attached to his neck.
I felt someone pulling on me but I fought against them. They hit me in the back of the head, and everything went black.

Chapter 11

I woke up in a strange room naked. I sat up and looked around. The room was beautiful and huge. I remembered the night before and I looked in the mirror for any evidence of vampire teeth or strange eyes. I looked normal. I found a blue silk robe that was laid out. I slipped it on and walked to the door.
I walked out into the hall and looked around. I recognized the house. I was still at Nicolai’s house, but I didn’t see anyone. I could hear a piano playing; so I followed the music. I walked into a huge sitting room and looked around. Christophe, my father, was sitting on a couch next to Jeremy. Loki and Marcus were on another couch, and Nicolai was playing the piano.
Nicolai looked up and smiled at me. He quit playing and watched me. I scowled. “What are we all friends now?” 
Nicolai stood and walked toward me. “I wouldn’t say friends dear, but we all have a common interest in you.” He kissed me gently on the lips and put his arm around me. I slid my arm around him and leaned into him. I didn’t understand why he had that effect on me. It didn’t matter what he did to me, I still couldn’t push him away. It was like I was drawn to him like a moth to a flame.
“Nicolai told us you turned in a way.” Christophe sounded a little nervous as he spoke. “Has this happened before?”
“No, but I’ve never been that angry.” I gave Nicolai a dirty look for good measure.
He grinned and kissed my forehead. He led me to another couch and I sat down. He went and got me a drink.
“I see, perhaps it is turned on by anger. Have you tried by just thinking about it?” Christophe asked. 
I didn’t really understand why he was so curious. I shook my head. “Why does it even matter?”
“I suppose it doesn’t. It’s curiosity more than anything.” He smiled, but I was sure he wasn’t telling me something.
I looked at Marcus and Loki and they smiled. I smiled back at them. I really like them. I was glad I could help them especially since they helped me so many times. Nicolai handed me a drink and sat down next to me.
“I should go back to my grandmother’s, she’s probably worried.” I stood up, ready to walk out. I doubted my grandmother cared where I was, but I didn’t like how everyone was watching me, and I wasn’t in a very good mood.
“Okay, perhaps we could talk later?” Christophe asked hesitantly.
I nodded and walked toward Nicolai’s bedroom. Nicolai caught up to me in the hall and handed me a pair of jeans and a shirt. “I took the liberty of getting these for you.”
I smiled. “Thank you.”
He followed me in the room and sat down on the bed. I dropped the robe and began dressing. He watched me with a small smile. “You are a very cruel woman.”
I smiled amused. “Only to you.”
He grinned. “Oh? I can be cruel too,” he teased; and then he bit his wrist.
The scent of his blood filled the air and the pain of hunger hit me hard. I stumbled backwards into the vanity. I looked at him panicked, but he was smiling.
“Come, drink.” He offered his wrist to me. 
I wanted it, but I didn’t want to be a monster. I shook my head and swallowed hard. All I could smell was his blood, and I didn’t just want to bite him; I wanted to kill him. I ran as fast as I could without looking back. I ran into Marcus at the bottom of the stairs. He caught me and I pushed him away. He stepped toward me looking concerned.
 “Don’t,” I snapped. I knew I sounded panicked; which only made him more concerned.
I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I looked like a vampire. I had pointed teeth and animalistic eyes. He ignored me and moved forward; and then he touched me. I could smell his blood and my mouth watered. I pinned him before he could react and bit into his neck. He didn’t fight he just relaxed. Someone grabbed me around my waist and pulled me off of him. Marcus slid to the floor like he was paralyzed. Loki pinned me to the opposite wall. 
“Bella stop!” He sounded terrified. 
I looked at him and felt the hunger subside. He let me go, and I ran out of the house. I ran as fast as I could toward the main road. I wasn’t far from my cousin, Alana’s, house.
It was early evening and Alana opened the door when I knocked. “Hey Bella, what’s wrong?” 
I shook my head. “Just a bad day.” I walked past her into the house.
“Oh you want to watch a movie?” She seemed chipper like she always did. 
I nodded and followed her upstairs. I kept looking at her worried I would turn into a monster and attack her, but I never got the urge. I fell asleep on the bed next to her watching movies. 

Chapter 12

I woke up the next morning and Alana was still asleep next to me. I woke her up and told her I was leaving. I walked to my grandmother’s house since it was only about a mile away and it was a pretty morning.
I froze when I saw Nicolai’s car and Andrew’s car parked in front of my house. I debated not going in, but I knew I would have to face them eventually. I walked into the house and my grandmother was in the sitting room with Nicolai and Christophe. They stood up when they saw me. I could tell they were worried.
My grandmother scowled when I walked in. “Isabella, where have you been?” 
I hesitated. “I’ve been staying at Alana’s.”
“Oh, how is she?” She asked worried. She never worried about me like she did Alana.
“Fine, I will be up in my room if you need me.” I ran up the stairs ignoring Nicolai and Christophe.
I flopped down on my bed and turned the TV on. There was a knock on my door and I knew it wasn’t my grandmother because she would just barge in. “Go away.” I didn’t want to speak to either of them. I knew they wouldn’t just go away, but it was worth a shot.
“Isabella, I need to speak to you please,” my father, Christophe, said quietly.
I rolled my eyes and opened the door. The scent of his blood hit me and I wasn’t expecting it. I stumbled backwards and he stepped in the room looking worried.
“No, don’t come near me! I will just hurt you!” I started to panic as I backed up. The smell was almost unbearable, and I felt the hunger growing.
He watched me with a concerned expression. “Isabella, what’s happening?” 
“I can smell your blood and it is driving me crazy!” I fought myself to stay where I was; so I didn’t tear his throat out.
Nicolai came in and his scent was even stronger. I held my head in my hands and fell to the floor crying.
“Christophe, she craves vampire blood. Humans don’t affect her. She was born to hunt her own kind.” Nicolai sounded amused and it made me angry.
“How is this possible?” Christophe asked sounding sick.
“I don’t know, but I do know if she wants to, she can hunt every one of us down and kill us. When she bites, she paralyzes her victim making them unable to fight her off.” Nicolai sounded like he was excited about the fact that I was a monster.
“What do we do?” Christophe actually sounded like he was worried about what I was becoming, unlike Nicolai.
Nicolai responded as he moved toward me slowly. “We feed her. I’ll let her bite me, but you have to pull her off if she doesn’t release me on her own.”
Christophe nodded. I was watching them intently. I wanted to bite them so bad I could taste it, but I fought to keep myself still. Nicolai smiled at me and moved toward me. He knelt in front of me and offered his neck. I touched his chest and hurried to get to his neck. I wanted the taste of his blood. I bit his neck and he groaned. His blood filled my mouth and I felt instant relief. He fell to the floor and I stayed with him and drank. After a few minutes, I reluctantly stopped and moved away from him. I leaned against the wall panting. I wanted more, but I had gotten enough to stop the hunger.
Christophe knelt next to Nicolai and shook him. Nicolai groaned and sat up. He looked over at me and crawled over to me. He buried his face in my hair and leaned against me. I pushed the hunger down even though it flared up as soon as he touched me.
“I’m going to make sure your grandmother stays occupied,” Christophe said sounding unsure as he left to go back downstairs.
Nicolai kissed my lips, and I kissed him back. He pushed me to the floor and climbed on top of me. I groaned as he bit my neck and began to feed on me. I enjoyed it as I held on to him. 
He released me and smiled as he licked his lips. “You taste amazing.”
I smiled. “So do you.” I felt fear fill me when I looked at him. “Nicolai, I don’t want to kill anyone.”
He touched my face gently. “You won’t.” 
“How are you going to stop me?” I needed to know what he was going to do to stop me if I went too far.
He smiled. “I’m going to train you like I trained myself. You will have to feed every night to maintain your hunger, but it can be controlled.”
“Okay.” I was a little relieved that he seemed to think it would be easy. “I need to shower and get dressed.” 
He smiled. “Meet us at the club when you’re done.” He stood up and pulled me to my feet. He kissed me one last time; and then walked out. I was tempted to ask him to stay and shower with me, but I changed my mind. I figured it was better to start out slow first control my hunger; and then think about sex.
I showered and fixed my hair and makeup. I dressed in a short black skirt, knee high boots, and a glittering, pink, low cut tank top. When I was ready, I grabbed my purse and keys and walked downstairs.
“I need to speak with you, Isabella,” my grandmother called from the living room before I could leave.
I sighed heavily and went into the living room where she was sitting. “What is it?” I was trying to sound friendly.
“I’m selling the house and moving to Florida, well actually the house is sold. We have to be gone in five days. I have a moving company coming in tomorrow so you should probably say your goodbyes tonight because I have a plane ticket for you to go home on a flight tomorrow night.” She spoke without looking up like it was no big deal.
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” I was shocked that she would just drop this on me.
She waved her hand. “I didn’t figure it would matter, and I didn’t expect to sell the house so fast.” 
“I don’t want to go home yet. Can I just stay with Alana?” I had so much to learn. If I left now, I would end up killing someone.
“They are moving with me. They want a new start since the whole incident with Alana.” She spoke like it didn’t matter what I said, nothing would change her mind.
I scowled. “I just love how my family considers what I want!” 
She glared at me. “We don’t owe you anything, Isabella. My son took your mother in pregnant and poor, just how your sperm donor of a father left her. We have done more then what is fair for someone who isn’t even related by blood. You were a mistake on your mother’s part and you shouldn’t even be here, but you are so be grateful.”
I felt my chest tighten and I knew I was going to cry. I walked out without saying anything else to her. I didn’t want her to see me cry. I got in my car and left.
I parked outside the club. I had my windows down. I could smell the vampires, and the familiar hunger pain hit me. I rolled the windows up and gripped my steering wheel. I took a deep breath and pushed the feeling away.
Someone knocked on my window making me jump. It was Marcus. I unlocked the door and he got in the passenger seat. “Are you okay, Bella?” 
I shook my head. “My life is coming apart.” I felt tears on my cheeks as I spoke.
Marcus pulled me into his lap and hugged me while I cried on his shoulder. I loved Marcus because he was the most human out of all the vampires, and he always knew how to make me feel better.
“What’s wrong?” He sounded like he was genuinely concerned about me.
I shook my head and brushed my tears away. “I’m a monster that hurts my friends. I’m afraid I’m going to kill someone. I have to go back to California tomorrow night, and my grandmother told me I’m a mistake that shouldn’t even be here.” The words just tumbled out as soon as he asked.
Marcus hugged me tighter. “Isabella, you’re not a monster and you’re not a mistake.”
“What if I am? Vampires aren’t supposed to have children obviously for a reason,” I said fearfully. I could see why I wasn’t supposed be here. I was a threat to every vampire if Nicolai was right about me. 
“You’re a good person and I swear we will do everything we can to help you through this. I thought you had all summer. Why do you have to leave tomorrow night?” He looked a little worried. I didn’t blame him I wouldn’t want a monster like me out were they couldn’t control me.
“My grandmother and cousin sold their houses. They are moving to Florida in the next week.” I wiped my eyes. I was trying not to ruin my makeup.
“We’ll figure this out, I promise.” He kissed me on the cheek. I smiled and hugged him because he always made me feel better. “Well let’s go into the club, they’re probably wondering what we’re doing.” 
I sighed in annoyance. “That’s another problem. I can’t walk in there, I’ll lose it for sure.”
He grinned. “Good point. It would be like a new vamp walking into a state fair, nothing but a buffet.”
I laughed. “Yeah, I just pulled up and had to talk myself out of going monster.”
He laughed. “You stay here, and I’ll go get them.”
He opened the door and I climbed out. He climbed out after me and walked into the club. I waited leaning against my car watching people pass.
“Bella?” a familiar female voice chimed. I looked up and it was Linda. 
I forced a smile. “Hi Linda.” I really didn’t like her, but I really had no reason not to.
“You look nice. Are you waiting for someone?” She was trying to sound friendly. She probably knew who I was waiting for, but she was asking anyway.
“Yes, what about you? What are you doing down here?” I decided to play nice and make polite conversation.
She smiled. “Oh well, Nicky’s club is down here, and I stop by to see him occasionally.”
“Oh, are you guys close?” I could feel myself getting angry. I took a slow steadying breath trying to relax.
“Oh you know, just casual fun every once in a while.” She said it like it was no big deal. “Nothing serious.”
 “I know he’s there tonight. I just saw Marcus and he said he was there.” I refused to let her see how much she was bothering me.
“Oh, well then maybe I’ll catch him, see you around.” She hurried across the street.
I was angry now and I didn’t want to see Nicolai. I got in my car and sped away. I was so angry I could barely focus on the road. 
I headed to the beach and parked at the pier. I walked to the end of the pier and sat down on the railing. I looked out on the water. I felt a little better because the ocean air was relaxing, but all I could do was think.
A boy about my age came over and sat next to me on the railing. He was cute; he had light brown hair and brown eyes. “Hi, I’m Brandon and you looked lonely.” He was grinning like he was trying to pick me up.
I smiled. “I’m Isabella or Bella.”
“So what’s a pretty girl like you doing here by yourself?” He was definitely flirting.
I shrugged and smiled. “Thinking.”
“That’s no fun. I know about a party just up the beach if you’re interested,” he said playfully.
“Sounds fun.” I decided to go with him. I could use some fun. Life had gotten so serious lately.
“Cool.” He hopped down of the railing. He offered his hand and I took it. I let him lead me down the beach and he chattered about his life on the beach.
We approached a house that had loud music coming from it, and it looked like there were a lot of people inside. He led me into the house, and it was as loud as I thought. He handed me a drink and we walked outside onto a balcony. 
I smiled. “It’s loud.”
He grinned. “I know. It helps one avoid thinking.”
I giggled. “That it does.”
He leaned in close to me and kissed me gently. I could tell he was expecting me to push him away, but I didn’t. He kissed me more aggressively and I let him.
“Hey um, there are quieter rooms upstairs if you’re interested.” He flashed his best smile as he offered me.
I just nodded. He pulled me upstairs into another room. It was empty; so he pulled me inside and closed the door and locked it. He kissed me and I kissed him back. I pulled his shirt off and pushed him down on the bed. He laughed as I kissed his chest. I moved to his neck. I could feel his heartbeat in his neck. I could also smell his blood. It was weaker than a vampires, but I knew it would be just as good. I bit him and I felt him suck in air; and then relax. His blood was hotter than vampires; but not as thick.
“Isabella stop!” I heard Nicolai’s voice. I thought he was in the room so I sat up and looked around, but he wasn’t. I realized he was in my head.
“Go to hell, Nicolai!” I growled and bit Brandon again.
“You will kill that boy because you’re angry at me.” He sounded angry, but I didn’t care.
“I’m not going to kill the boy,” It was awkward thinking words instead of saying them. It took a lot of focus.
“Isabella, tell me where you are.” He was actually trying to give me an order and it was annoying.
I laughed and didn’t think about where I was instead I thought about sex with Brandon. 
“Isabella!” His voice was louder in my head making me wince. 
“Jealous?” I responded. I wanted him jealous. I wanted him to feel like I felt.
“Isabella; Linda lied. She always lies please don’t do this to me.” I could hear the begging in his voice.
“How do I know that?” I wanted reassurances not just words.
“You have to trust me and leave that boy alone.” He was pleading with me.
I looked down at Brandon. He looked drugged, but he was smiling. “Why are you stopping baby?” His voice was a slurred murmur.
“Isabella, I know you think you’re in control, but you aren’t, please,” Nicolai begged.
“Get out of my head!” I shouted with my mind. I could feel the link break. I smiled and buried my face back into Brandon’s neck. I drank until I felt his breathing slow down; and then I stopped. I stood up and went to the bathroom to make sure I didn’t have any blood on my face.
There was pounding on the door, and by the time I opened the bathroom door Brandon was already unlocking the door. I went to tell him not to, but it burst open and knocked him backward. Nicolai came in. I never saw him so angry. Marcus and Loki followed behind him like loyal servants.
“Get the boy out! Tell him he got drunk and make him forget about her,” Nicolai demanded.
They nodded and picked Brandon up and moved him out of the room. Nicolai shut the door and turned his glare on me. “You’re out of control.” His voice was low and threatening.
I laughed. “So; I didn’t kill him.”
He laughed, but it wasn’t a nice laugh. “You will eventually kill if you keep acting so reckless.” 
“Why don’t you go tell Linda what to do?” I went to walk past him.
He caught me by my arm and slapped me across the face sending me crashing to the floor. “You will not disrespect me!” He was livid and I was making it worse.
“I’m not you fucking vampire!” I snapped and lunged at him.
He caught me and threw me backwards into the wall. I lunged at him again and he tossed me like I was nothing. He laughed. “Oh Isabella, you really don’t understand. I’m a very strong vampire and a half breed isn’t going to defeat me.” He pinned me by my throat and smiled.
“Kill me Nicolai,” I begged him. I didn’t want to be an uncontrollable monster.
His smile faded and he released me and stepped back. I buried my face in my arms and started crying so hard I could barely breathe. Nicolai picked me up and carried me out of the house.
Christophe was waiting outside by the cars. “Is she okay?” he asked sounding concerned.
“No, but she will be with time.” Nicolai set me in the passenger seat of his car.
I laid on the seat facing away from Nicolai. I looked out the window. I was scared, and angry all at the same time. I felt like I was losing control and I hated it.
He gently touched my leg. “You’ll get used to this.” 
“I want it to stop.” I felt tears fill my eyes again as I thought about it.
He pulled into his driveway and picked me up out of the car. I held onto him and let him carry me upstairs. He laid me on his bed and walked into the bathroom. I could hear him starting the bath. He came out after a few minutes and left the room. He walked back in with a bottle of wine and two glasses. He disappeared back into the bathroom; and then came over to me and started pulling my boots off. He pulled the rest of my clothes off and carried me into the bathroom. He set me in the bathtub, and then stripped his own clothes off and slid into the tub behind me.
I closed my eyes and leaned against him. Being close to Nicolai felt amazing. His body was solid and strong and I could smell his cologne. He kissed my neck and wrapped his arms around me. “Relax, and don’t think about how bad anything is tonight.” He kissed me slowly.
I smiled at him and he smiled back. He handed me a glass of wine and I took a sip. It was sweet and I liked it. “Thank You.”
He laughed. “You don’t have to thank me, Isabella. I’m your boyfriend and I think it’s my job to make you feel good.” 
I grinned. “Oh, you’re my boyfriend now? Not long ago you were determined to kill me.”
He laughed. “Yes, well things have changed relatively quickly, and we have to adapt to our situation.” 
I closed my eyes and relaxed against him. I felt safe with him even though I wasn’t sure if that was a good idea.
After a few minutes he spoke softly. “I heard your grandmother expects you to leave tomorrow night.”
I sighed. “Yeah, she’s kicking me out so she can move to Florida.”
“Stay with me.” He actually sounded sincere. He confused me so much because I never knew when he was being sincere.
I sighed, wishing I could just say yes. “How can I do that? I’m only seventeen; so technically I’m still under my mother’s rule.”
He squeezed me gently. “I have Christophe taking care of your mother. He’s going to convince her to let you stay if you want to.”
I smiled. “I would love to stay, but only if you want me to.”
“You know I do, love.” He hugged me tighter.
I turned around and wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed his lips. He held me and kissed me back. I smiled and looked in his eyes. “I’m sorry for how I’ve been acting lately.”
He smiled. “I understand how you’re feeling. I felt the same way.” He kissed me again.
He tasted so good I just closed my eyes and let him kiss me. He kissed my neck and the tops of my breasts. I caught my breath when he bit my breast; and then everything slowly faded to black.

Chapter 13

I woke up in Nicolai’s bed. He wasn’t in bed with me, and he wasn’t in the room. I sighed and got up and took a shower. I dressed in a pair of jeans and a white silk button up shirt. I stood in front of the mirror and fixed my hair and makeup. I nearly screamed when I heard a voice in my head. “Bella I need help!” Marcus’s frantic voice filled my head.
“Where are you?” I thought trying not to speak.
I got a series of images and I recognized the area as a warehouse district downtown. “Don’t tell Loki or Nicolai I contacted you. They know where I am, and they believe I should pay for my mistake.” His words were hurried and I felt my chest tighten.
“What mistake?” I asked, but I didn’t get a response.
I cussed and headed downstairs. Nicolai met me at the bottom of the stairs and I smiled acting like nothing was wrong. “What are you doing?” I was trying to sound normal.
“Preparing for a party. Where were you headed?” He looked curious, and I knew I had to come up with an excuse.
“My grandmother is leaving tonight. I figured I would at least say goodbye.” I figured he might believe that one.
“Okay.” He kissed me gently. “I will see you later.” 
I smiled and nodded, and then headed toward the door.  “Oh wait,” I said hesitating. “I have to go talk to Marcus real quick, we were supposed to go shopping.” I headed back toward the stairs. I wanted to make them think I didn’t know he was missing.
Nicolai blocked me. “I’ll tell him, dear. Why don’t you just go?” He was firm with his words like he wouldn’t accept no for an answer.
“Oh, are you sure?” I wanted to play it out as long as necessary to make sure he believed me.
“Positive, I will tell him.” He smiled, and then kissed my cheek.
I returned his smile. “Okay, I’ll see you later.” I turned and hurried out of the house.
I was annoyed that he was lying to me. I got in my Camaro and headed to the warehouse district. I found the warehouse that Marcus indicated, and I parked away from it. I stayed to the shadows as I looked around. I found the door of the warehouse. I listened and heard people talking.
I decided to take the direct approach; so I knocked. A vampire opened the door and smiled. “Hey baby; what do you want?”
“I’m looking for Marcus.” I figured I would just get to the point. I wasn’t sure what I would do after that; I was just winging it.
He stepped aside and I stepped past him. There were couches set up in the middle of the warehouse. Marcus was tied to a chair. He was beaten and bloody, but he was alive. There were three vampires sitting on the floor. They looked scared to death.
There were four other vampires sitting on the couches. Marcus saw me and looked relieved. I was led up to the other vampires. “Who is this, Allen?” The vampire that looked like he was in charge asked as he looked me over.
“She’s looking for Marcus,” Allen said as he stood behind me.
The other three men drew guns, and I raised my eyebrows in surprise. “Well this is quite a welcome.”
The vampire in charge smiled. “Just a precaution. Allen search her.” Allen frisked me and nodded when he came up clear. “What do you want pretty lady?” the head vampire asked watching me.
“I want you to let Marcus go.” It was what I wanted and I wasn’t going to try to convince him otherwise. I was nervous and trying to hide it.
He laughed as he stood up. “I can’t do that darling.” He walked around me looking me up and down.
I was suddenly nervous. “Why not?” 
He smiled. “You’re pretty. It’s a shame we’ll have to kill you too.”
“You’re not going to tell me why I’m going to die?” I was getting annoyed with his cryptic words. He needed to get to the point.
He stopped and looked at me. His expression suddenly changed. “Who are you?” 
“Marcus’s friend.” I was hoping my voice wouldn’t give away my nervousness. 
He nodded and the other three vampires held up their guns. “Let’s try this again. Who are you?” 
“Marcus’s friend,” I repeated and looked him in the eye.
The vampire nodded and the crack of a gunshot filled the air. I felt it hit me in the shoulder and I fell to the ground. I looked at him. I was angry now. It burned, but not as much as it should have. He stepped back and the men surrounded me.
“Last chance. Who are you?” He was yelling this time.
“Go to hell,” I snapped. He had already worn my patience thin.
All three of them emptied their clip into me. I heard Marcus scream. I laid on the floor stunned. I was in a lot of pain, but I would live and I knew it.
“Dump her in the river,” the head vampire ordered.
Two of the vampires picked me up, and I used it as my chance. I hit the first one in the stomach and elbowed the second one in the face. The head vampire lunged at me and we went rolling across the warehouse floor. He pulled a wooden stake out from behind him somewhere and plunged it into my heart. The pain was so intense I couldn’t make a noise. Marcus screamed and struggled. The vampire smiled and stood up. 
I was expecting to die any minute, but I didn’t. I reached up and yanked the stake out of my chest. I stood up slowly. I was really angry now. The vampires looked at each other; and then ran. I threw the stake on the ground and walked toward Marcus. Marcus looked at me shocked.
I glared at Marcus as I untied him. “What did you do?” He obviously did something serious.
He looked shocked. “How are you alive? You should be dead.” He sounded confused and he was ignoring my question.
“I don’t know,” I said annoyed. “Tell me what the hell happened.” 
He spoke as he looked at the three vampires sitting on the ground. “I was trying to protect some friends, and it kind of went south.”
I untied the last knot and he stood up and hugged me. I was covered in my own blood. My shirt had bullet holes and a hole where the stake went in my chest. Marcus introduced the three vampires quickly. “This is Michael, Ryan, and Brad.”
I nodded and smiled. “Let’s go home before they decide to get brave.”
They all piled in the Camaro, and I drove back toward the house. 
Marcus fidgeted nervously. “Loki and Nicolai know what happened.”
“How?” I asked sharply looking at him. I didn’t want to have to explain this.
Marcus turned red. “I might have freaked out when he shot you; and then staked you.” 
I groaned. “Do you have any idea how much shit I’m going to hear about this?”
“I know; I’m sorry,” he said apologetically.
I cut the lights on the car and parked in the driveway. “I’m going to sneak in. Don’t let Nicolai or Loki see any of you until I get a chance to clean up. In fact, just follow me up to my room,” I said looking at all of them. They nodded and we all got out of the car. I crept up the stairs and peeked in the door before entering. The entrance hall was clear; so I opened the door and the boys followed behind me. I went straight for the stairs and headed for the safety of the upstairs. 
I froze and cussed under my breath when Nicolai appeared at the top of the stair case. The boys all stopped behind me and waited. Nicolai looked at me and he did not look happy, in fact, he looked cold and distant which was worse than mad.
“Isabella, a word, in our room now.” He spoke softly; and then turned and went to our room.
I felt like a kid being caught sneaking out of the house, and it was annoying. I sighed and walked slowly up to our bedroom. Nicolai was standing by the window when I walked in and closed the door behind me. I leaned against it waiting for his wrath.
He didn’t say anything so I decided to start. “Nicolai, I …” I started but he cut me off by raising his hand.
“I don’t want an excuse, and I don’t want an apology, Isabella.” He was worse than angry, he was furious to the point of being quiet. I looked down, and then back at him not sure what to say. He was leaning against the window with his head resting on his hand. He was wearing a tux and he looked good. “I’m so angry right now, I don’t even know what to say or how to say it.” He finally looked at me. I could see the hurt in his eyes, and I felt horrible. 
“I was just trying to help. I didn’t think they would do what they did,” I said quickly.
“Which part? The part where they emptied three clips in you, or the part where he put a stake through your chest?” he snapped angrily.
“Any of it, but I’m fine,” I stepped toward him.
“You shouldn’t be! I wouldn’t survive an attack like that!” He stopped talking and stepped back away from me. “I can’t talk to you right now. In fact, I don’t want to talk to you ever. We are over Isabella. I have to go.” He rushed past me slamming the door as he went.
I sighed and started stripping my bloody shirt off so I could shower. I looked in the mirror. All I had was pink scars indicating the bullet holes and stake mark. There was a knock on the door.
I groaned. “Come in.” 
Loki stepped in the room and looked at me nervously. “Isabella, are you okay?”
I smiled. “I’m fine.”
He relaxed. “I’ve never seen Nicolai this angry.”
I sighed. “I apologized, but he just stormed out.” 
“Thank you for helping Marcus. I was under orders to let him clean up his own mess.” He sounded pained at the thought of what he did. 
I looked at him horrified. “Nicolai was going to let him die?”
“If he didn’t, it would’ve started a war between clans,” he said quietly. “I’m a part of Nicolai’s clan; so I have to obey his rules.”
I scowled. “So he cares more about politics then lives?” 
He sighed. “Isabella, I didn’t mean to make you mad. I just wanted to thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” I smiled, but I knew it didn’t go to my eyes.
He watched me hesitantly. “Well, I better get going.”
I nodded and he left. I sighed annoyed and then I walked to the bathroom. I got in the shower. I washed the blood off of me as quickly as I could. I got out and fixed my hair and makeup. I put a short white beach dress on.
As I was finishing up, there was another knock on the door. “Come in.”
Marcus came in holding a bottle of crown royal and smiled. “Hey Izzy.” He sat down on the bed.
I smiled. “Hey Marcus.” He handed me the bottle and I took a sip.
“So; I heard you got dumped too.” He grinned as I handed him the bottle back.
I laughed. “You too huh?” 
“Yep, I’m too much of a pain in the ass apparently.” He sounded amused. I was sure he was probably used to it.
I laughed. “Yeah, I guess I meet the criteria too.” I sat down next to him on the bed.
He leaned into me. “I’m happy you stayed.”
I smiled and laced his fingers through his. “I am too, well at least for now. I mean Nicolai hates me.” I was tired of always making someone unhappy. 
Marcus rolled his eyes. “He doesn’t hate you; he just doesn’t like not being in control.”
I scoffed. “I don’t want to think about it.” I took the bottle back from him.
We talked about Loki and Nicolai and drank the bottle of liquor. After a couple hours, and after the bottle was gone we decided to go find another one. We giggled as we used one another for support to walk down the stairs. Marcus slipped and almost fell, and we burst out laughing. 
Loki and Nicolai came in the door just as we made it to the bottom of the staircase. 
“What are you two doing?” Nicolai asked as he watched us. I could hear the annoyance and suspicion in his voice.
“Looking for a drink. You’re home a little early aren’t you?” I was trying to be annoying.
“Yes, well the party was boring.” He didn’t look like he wanted to explain, but he did anyway. 
I stayed leaning on Marcus and he leaned on me. We were both grinning, and they looked at us like annoyed parents.
Loki moved closer to us. “They seem to damn happy.”
Marcus laughed and fell over taking me with him. We both giggled as we laid on the floor. Loki and Nicolai looked down at us. “I think they are drunk.” Nicolai didn’t seem amused.
I sat up. “No, not me.”
Marcus laughed and sat up next to me. “We were on our way to retrieve another bottle.”
Loki sighed and pulled Marcus up by his arm. “We’re going upstairs.”
“Wait he’s my drinking partner; you can’t take him,” I whined.
Loki smiled. “Find something else to do. You have had enough to drink.” Loki led Marcus up the stairs.
I sighed and stood up. There was an awkward silence between me and Nicolai.
“Well goodnight.” Nicolai walked past me, up the stairs.
I rolled my eyes and walked out to the garden. I sat down on a porch swing and swung back and forth listening to the night noises. I could hear everything so clearly it was a little scary. I jumped when I heard footsteps. A man was walking up the garden path. He was gorgeous. He had ruffled black hair and tanned skin. He had a tribal tattoo covering one arm and disappearing under his tight black tee shirt. I could tell by the way his shirt fit him he was muscular. There was something odd about him, but I didn’t know what. I just knew he wasn’t human.
He smiled. “Hi, you must be Isabella.”
“Yes, and you are?” I asked cautiously.
“James, I’m Nicolai’s friend.” He offered his hand and I took it.
“Oh; do you want to sit down?” I moved aside, making room for him.
He nodded and sat down next to me. “Is Nicolai here?” 
I smiled. “Yeah, he’s upstairs.”
He smiled at me and I felt my cheeks burn as he looked me over. “Why are you out here by yourself?” 
I giggled. “No one really likes me right now.”
“That can’t be true. You’re too beautiful not to like.” He smiled as he said it. He had a great smile, it was sexy and he knew it.
I laughed. “Tell that to Nicolai.”
He reached over and touched me and I felt a rush of excitement. I could tell he felt it too. He grabbed me and pulled me into a kiss. I was drunk, and I decided I didn’t want to stop him. His hands went under my dress and I moaned and kissed him more aggressively. He smelled so good, and he tasted even better. 
Someone cleared their throat and I stopped kissing him and looked up. It was Nicolai and he surprisingly didn’t look angry, but he didn’t look happy either. I slipped back into my seat next to James instead of straddling him. 
“I see you two have met,” Nicolai said dryly.
James grinned. “Yes, we have.”
“It’s been a long time, James. I see you haven’t changed your ways.” Nicolai didn’t seem like he was amused.
James grinned. “I swear I have.”
I sat quietly and just looked at Nicolai not sure what to say. He looked at me and smiled, “She’s quite irresistible.” He touched my cheek, and then held out his hand for me to take.
I smiled and took his hand. Nicolai pulled me to him and kissed me gently, “Shall we go inside?” Nicolai broke the kiss and looked at James.
James nodded. “Of course.”
Nicolai led me into the house and James followed. Nicolai led me to a room I hadn’t been in before. The room had large, lounging couches that resembles beds in a way. He led me to one and kissed me. He pushed me onto it, and then laid next to me. James came over and laid on the other side of me and started kissing my neck. I looked at Nicolai confused, but he just smiled and kissed me.
I felt a weird sensation come over me, and then I saw my father. He was bleeding and lying on the ground. I got images of the area he was in it was downtown near the club. I jumped up and looked around. I was back in the room with Nicolai and James, and they were looking at me like I’d lost it.
Nicolai looked worried. “Are you okay, Bella?” 
“Yes, I just have to use the bathroom,” I lied because I knew Nicolai would try to stop me from leaving. He raised his eyebrows suspiciously, but nodded. I hurried out of the room, but instead of going to the bathroom I found the keys to my car and left through the front entrance. I knew Nicolai would hear my car’s engine start; so I sped off as fast as I could.
The downtown district was fifteen minutes away and I was hoping I wasn’t too late. It was early morning, and the sun would be up soon. I parked in a garage and walked quickly through the streets. I recognized the ally he was in and hurried down it looking for any sign of him. I saw a body lying in a pile of trash and my heart sank. I ran over to it and rolled it over, it was Christophe.
I shook him, but he wouldn’t wake up. I felt tears run down my cheeks and I was beyond angry. I decided to try giving him my blood since that was what Nicolai did when I was injured. Then again I was human not vampire.
I bit my wrist and pressed it to his mouth. He didn’t make any movements. I cussed and squeezed my wrist so the blood would run down his throat. I froze when I heard the sound of a shotgun being cocked. I turned around slowly, and was face to face with a shotgun. 
A man I didn’t recognize glared at me. “Get up.” He was tall and muscular. He had short brown hair and brown eyes. He had a scar over one eyebrow and he looked to be in his thirties.
I slowly complied. “Who are you?” 
He smiled. “Pretty little vampire doesn’t know about hunters I see.” 
I scowled. “I meant a name. I can obviously see you intend to kill me.”
His smile faltered. “Rick. You are?”
I hesitated wondering how much I should tell him. “Isabella or Bella.”
“You’re in a bad spot, baby. Why would you come after him?” He nodded toward Christophe.
I glanced at Christophe. “He’s my father.”
He looked confused. “You mean he made you?”
I scowled. “No, as in he knocked my mother up. I was born like this.” Every minute I spent talking to him was longer that I wasn’t helping Christophe.
He raised his eyebrows and lowered his gun. “You aren’t full vampire are you?”
I shook my head. “Only half.”
“Let’s go.” He nodded toward a car that was parked not far from us.
I looked back at Christophe; and then back to Rick.
He aimed the gun at me. “He’s dead baby, now move.”
I walked slowly to the passenger side of the car. He followed and opened the door. 
He prodded me. “In.” 
I got in and sat down.
 He reached in and cuffed my hands behind the seat. He hurried over to the driver’s side and got in and started the car. He drove away from the beach area; into the poorer part of the city. He glanced at me a couple times, but didn’t say anything.
The sun was coming up in the distance so I knew it was around five or six in the morning. He pulled into an older run down Victorian house. He got out and came to my side and ordered me to unlock myself. I did as he asked; and then he led me into the house with a gun to my back. 
The house was surprisingly nice inside. It was almost as if the outside was made to trick people. He led me into the living room, and pushed me toward a wooden chair that had chains on it. I stopped and turned toward him. Before I could say anything he hit me across the face with the butt of his shotgun and I fell to the ground.
I tasted blood fill my mouth and tears rolled down my cheeks.
He glared at me. “Don’t try to put me in a trance!” 
“I wasn’t. I don’t even know how to.” I was trying to stop crying.
His look softened, and he threw me a rag to wipe my face. “I’m sorry, but you can never be too careful.”
“What do you want with me?” I asked quietly.
He shrugged watching me. “Nothing really, I’m going to kill you because that’s my job. I just wanted to see what you were like first.”
I looked at the ground trying to control my anger. He killed Christophe, and now he wanted to kill me. He poked me with the barrel of his gun and I looked up at him annoyed. He stepped back quickly and cocked the gun. I didn’t say anything I just looked at him.
“Stop!” he yelled. 
The crack of his gun firing filled the air and the bullet hitting my chest sent me backwards. I felt the severe pain that came when anything pierced my heart, but I knew I would live. I laid with my eyes closed hoping he would leave the room. I heard him moving around and he finally walked over to me. I took my chance, grabbed him and launched him across the room. I pounced and landed on top of him pinning him under me.
“I killed you, I shot you in the heart!” He was almost stuttering.
My expression darkened. “Let’s just say I don’t die as easy as most.” He looked terrified and I really wanted to hurt him because he hurt me and killed my father. I couldn’t bring myself to do it even though I wanted to. “I’m taking your car; you will find it where you found me. If you try to stop me; then I will kill you. Understood?”
He nodded and I released him. I hurried out to his car and left the way we came. I parked in the ally and looked for my father’s body, but I couldn’t find his body anywhere. I ran back across the street to the parking garage and slowed down when I saw James leaning against my car.
He stood up quickly when he saw me, “You’re alive.” He sounded surprised. 
“Why wouldn’t I be?” I wanted to know where my father was.
“Rick caught you. He’s the best hunter there is. Are you okay?” he asked, noticing my dress was covered in blood.
I nodded. “My father was killed and I can’t find his body.”
“Nicolai has him, and he isn’t dead. He was just about healed when we found him.” James watched me unsure. I wanted to know what he was thinking, but I was too preoccupied.
Relief washed over me. “Really?”
He nodded, and I ran to my car and got in. He got in the passenger seat and I sped toward the house.
Rick glanced at me. “So if Rick didn’t want you dead what did he want?” 
I sighed. “He wanted me dead and he tried. I just don’t die like everyone else.”
“Well of course you have to be staked through the heart or shot in the heart. A hunter should know that.” He was talking like I was a moron and I didn’t like it.
I scowled. “That doesn’t work on me. I’ve been shot more than enough tonight and staked once and I don’t die.”
He looked surprised. “So you’re like a super vamp.”
I smiled at him and shook my head. “I have no idea.”
“Did you kill Rick then?” He seemed excited at the prospect
I sighed. “No, I couldn’t.”
“Oh, why not?” He didn’t hide his disappointed.
I smiled nervously. “I’m just not a killer.”
He smiled amused. “Good to know.”
I pulled into the driveway and ran into the house. Christophe was standing in the entrance hall, and he looked worried. He saw me and his face lit up. I ran over and hugged him, “I thought you were dead.” I felt like I was going to cry.
“I thought you were too.” He sounded relieved. 
“Isabella, I need to speak with you,” Nicolai said quietly. I looked up and he was standing not far from me. He had his usual distant look when he wasn’t happy with me. I sighed and followed Nicolai into his office. 
He sat down behind his desk and looked at me. “Are you injured?” he asked motioning to the blood on my dress.
I shook my head. “No, it’s healed.”
“James tells me you didn’t kill Rick.” He sounded disappointed like James did.
I hesitated. “No I didn’t.”
He watched me intently. “Do you think you could have if you wanted to?” 
“Of course I had him pinned.” I was slightly confused about where this was going with this.
He raised his eyebrows in annoyance. “You had him pinned, and you released him?” 
“Nicolai, I’m not a killer and I didn’t even know who Rick was until tonight.” I was starting to get annoyed myself.
He smiled as he stood up and walked over to me. He stood directly in front of me and touched my face. “Rick will kill you and everyone you care about if you don’t kill him first.”
I looked down, and then back at Nicolai. “I don’t think I can kill him.”
“Then catch him and I will kill him,” Nicolai said quietly. “We can do it together.”
He leaned in and kissed me. I felt a little sick at the thought of murdering Rick or even making it so Nicolai could murder him. 
Nicolai kissed me more aggressively as he picked me up. He carried me over to a couch. “You’re hungry, you need to feed, and then get some rest.”
I nodded in agreement. Nicolai unbuttoned his shirt and I felt the hunger hit me. I rushed to his neck and bit him. Euphoria hit me as his blood filled my mouth. He tasted so good; I didn’t want to stop. Nicolai’s blood tasted better than anyone’s and I loved biting him.
I don’t remember much after that other than falling asleep in Nicolai’s arms. I just remember feeling safe and wanted for the first time in my life.

Chapter 14

I woke up on the couch I had went to sleep on. I was naked, but I had a thin cover over me. Nicolai was at his desk looking over paperwork. I sat up and he smiled. “Sleep well, Bella?”
I returned his smile. “Yeah, better than I thought I would.”
He leaned back and looked at me. “What are you looking at?” I stood up and wrapped the sheet around me.
His smile widened. “The most beautiful woman in the world.”
I walked up to him. I pressed my lips to his, and he pulled me into his lap. I wrapped my arms around his neck letting the sheet fall around my waist as I enjoyed his kiss.
The door to the office opened and I pulled the sheet back up around me. James walked in grinning. “I see you guys are having fun.” He sat down in the chair across from us.
I smiled and leaned against Nicolai’s chest. “Maybe.”
“So Nicolai; are we doing this tonight?” James asked as he looked directly at Nicolai.
Nicolai nodded. “Yes, we are.”
“What are you doing?” My smile had faded. I had a feeling I knew what they were planning.
“We are killing Rick,” Nicolai said quietly.
I stiffened and looked at Nicolai. “What? Tonight?” I was starting to get upset.
Nicolai sighed. “Isabella, we talked about this last night.”
I stood up and backed away from him. “I never agreed to this.”
Nicolai stood up annoyed. “Isabella, he will kill you and anyone else he gets a chance to.” 
I just looked at him unsure what to say. I finally just turned and ran. I ran up the stairs to my room. I showered and dressed quickly. I wasn’t going to kill anyone no matter what they said. Just as I was finishing up, there was a knock on my door. 
“Come in,” I said quietly.
James opened the door and stepped in the room. He smiled. “Hey Bella; I was just checking on you.”
“Oh, I’m fine,” I said not really wanting to talk.
“I’m sorry about how things were approached down there. Nicolai has a way of being really blunt about what he wants,” he said sounding apologetic.
I scoffed. “What are you here to convince me in a nice way?”
He smiled amused. “Is it working?”
I shook my head. “What’s your part in this anyway?” 
“I’m a master werewolf; therefore, I’m Rick’s pray too.” He watched me with a serious expression on his face. 
I looked at him surprised. “Great, first there are vampires, and now werewolves,” I muttered more to myself than anything.
He smiled and stepped forward. “Are you surprised?” 
I sighed. “Yeah, a little. I haven’t really recovered from the vampire thing.”
He looked mildly confused. “You’re a vampire correct?” 
 “I don’t know. I mean yes, kind of.” I didn’t know what I was to be honest. I wasn’t sure if anyone did.
He was close to me and I could smell his cologne. He leaned in and his lips brushed mine. It wasn’t so much a kiss as it was a test to see if I would let him kiss me. His eyes met mine. “You’re different.”
I smiled and kissed his lips gently. “Oh … how so?”
“I normally don’t like vampire women, but there’s something very different about you,” he whispered seductively. He pulled me into a kiss. His mouth tasted sweet and his cologne was intoxicating. 
I put my hand on his chest to stop him before things went too far. “Tell Nicolai that no matter how many handsome werewolves he throws at me he will not convince me to murder anyone.” I pushed him backwards.
James smiled; and then turned and walked out the door. I decided to follow him and listen to what they were planning. He went into Nicolai’s study and I listened at the door.
“What did she say?” Nicolai asked quietly.
James scoffed. “Not much, just to stop trying to change her mind.”
I heard Nicolai growl in annoyance. “That girl is the best and worst thing that could happen to a man.” 
James laughed. “At least you get to nail her.”
Nicolai scoffed. “I haven’t nailed anything. She teases me and undresses in front of me and makes me watch her in those tiny dresses. All with no benefit in the end.”
“Damn, she really is working you. It is unheard of for Nicolai not to get any girl he wants,” James teased. He was actually laughing at Nicolai.
Nicolai laughed.  “I know it is quite a bruise to the ego. Anyway what is the plan?”
“We go after Rick ourselves. Both of us should be able to kill him without Bella’s help,” James said sounding sure of himself.
“What about keeping our little Bella busy?” Nicolai asked amused.
“She likes Marcus send him to distract her,” James suggested.
I heard enough. I crept back upstairs to my bedroom. I was annoyed that they were planning behind my back and treating me like a child. I paced and waited for them to send Marcus. I knew that they would probably wait a little while after Marcus distracted me before leaving.
At about nine, there was a knock on my door. I already knew who it was.  “Come in.” 
Marcus smiled nervously. “Hi Bella.”
I grabbed him and pulled him to me. He looked surprised. He was about to say something. Before he could, I bit him and he relaxed. I laid him on the bed and he looked at me surprised and confused.
 “I’m sorry Marcus. I know why you’re here. Don’t say anything to anyone and just stay here.”  I went to my window and opened it; and then stepped out onto the ledge. I couldn’t use my car because that would alert Nicolai and James. I stayed low and ran around the corner out of sight. I called a cab, and after about ten minutes of standing waiting the cab pulled up.
I slid into the backseat of the cab and gave him directions to Rick’s house. I was hoping to catch him at home before he went hunting. After a ten minute ride, the cab pulled up in front of Rick’s house. I handed the cab driver money and got out. I walked up to Rick’s house and knocked on the door.
He answered with a shotgun pointed at my chest. “What the hell are you doing here?”
I sighed. “I came to warn you not to go out tonight.”
“Why not?” He sounded suspicious. He was looking around like he expected an ambush.
“There are two very dangerous men looking to kill you.” I was hoping he would take me seriously. 
He scowled. “Why should I trust you?” 
“You should because I could’ve killed you last night,” I countered matching his tone.
He nodded and let me past him and into the house. I walked into the living room and sat down on the couch.
He watched me, careful to keep his distance. “Who’s trying to kill me?” 
I hesitated. “I can’t give you names.” I would warn him, but I refused to help him.
He smiled and sat down across from me. “Why are you protecting me?” 
I sighed. “I don’t want anyone hurt.”
“I’m guessing someone close to you is going to kill me, and you’re protecting them as much as me,” he said softly.
I attempted to keep any emotions off my face. “Maybe, just don’t go out until I can figure out what to do.”
He came over and sat down next to me. He reached out and touched my hand.  “Thank you.”
I smiled slightly. “You’re welcome.”  
He was cute and I didn’t want to see him hurt. He leaned in and kissed me gently on the lips. I hesitated; and then let him kiss me. He tasted like cigarettes and some kind of alcohol. He pushed me down onto the couch and laid on top of me, kissing me aggressively. I wrapped my arms around him and let him kiss me. His hands explored my body and he kissed my neck and he went lower to my chest. 
I put my hand on his chest to stop him, “I can’t.”
“Why not?” he asked breathlessly.
I sighed. “It’s really complicated.”
He kissed me again and I let him; and then I pulled away from him and sat up.
He touched my shoulder. “What’s wrong? You obviously like me, or you wouldn’t have warned me.”
“I do like you, but I can’t do this with you.” I was confused now. I didn’t understand why I was letting him so close to me. 
He pulled me to him and hugged me. “You’re not a normal vampire.”
I relaxed against him and closed my eyes. “I don’t even know if I’m considered a vampire. I don’t want to kill anyone.” I was starting to get upset.
“Then don’t; you can make that choice for yourself,” he said firmly.
I stood up and paced. “I know, but it’s hard to figure out where I belong.” My phone rang making me jump. I looked at the number it was Nicolai. I groaned, and then answered. “Hello.”
“I take it you warned Rick.” Nicolai’s cold tone made me wince.
I scowled, trying not to get too annoyed. “What makes you say that?” 
He made an annoyed noise. “We found Marcus passed out on your bed, and you’re nowhere to be found.”
“You shouldn’t have tried to go behind my back.” I was so angry. He was treating me like the enemy when he was trying to kill people.
“You have no idea what you’re getting into, Isabella. Are you telling me you’re a traitor?’ he growled.
“No, I’m not, but I don’t agree with you either,” I snapped.
“Fine, be that way. Find somewhere else to go. You’re no longer welcome in my home.” Nicolai hung up before I could argue my side.
I cursed and put the phone back in my pocket.
Rick was watching me and I didn’t like it. I didn’t like having to choose between men, and I didn’t like being forced into things. 
“Is everything okay?” he asked cautiously.
I nodded. “Yeah, I just have to find a new place to live.”
“Stay with me,” he said quickly. “I mean I have an extra room.”
I smiled slightly amused. “You really want a vampire living with you?”
He grinned. “Technically you don’t know what you are.”
I sighed. I didn’t have many other choices. “Okay; I’ll stay at least until I figure things out.”
He smiled relieved. “I’ll show you to your room.” He stood and led me upstairs. He showed me to a room. It wasn’t as fancy as Nicolai’s house, but it was nice. He left me to settle in and went back downstairs. 
My phone rang again and I looked at the number it was Loki. I sighed and picked up. “Hello.”
“Bella, there’s something wrong with Nicolai. He left and I can’t sense him anymore. It’s like he has gone off the map.” Loki sounded nervous.
“What about James where is he?” I was suddenly starting to worry.
“I don’t know.” He was obviously upset. 
I cussed and ran down the stairs. I stopped when I saw Nicolai and James standing over Rick. Rick was bleeding and had a stake through his stomach. “Nicolai!” I yelled.
Nicolai looked at me and I could tell he was angry. I ran toward Rick and Nicolai blocked me. “He has to die Isabella, this isn’t a game. You don’t get to have a boyfriend on each side.”
“You’re not my boyfriend!” I could tell I hurt his feelings. He slapped me and sent me into the wall. I stood up shaking with anger. I lunged at him. We went rolling to the floor and I bit him. He instantly relaxed and his eyes went glassy. I stood up, and James growled at me. “James don’t get involved!”
He lunged at me and I hit him, sending him into the book case. He collapsed, and didn’t get up. I ran over to Rick. He smiled weakly at me. I helped him up and hurried out the door to his car. I put him in the passenger seat. I got in the driver’s seat and sped off. I wound through town and parked in a dark garage that no one would find us in. 
I looked at his wound and knew it was fatal. “We have to get to a hospital.”
Rick shook his head. “We’ll never make it.”
I didn’t want to hear what he was saying. “Then let me bite you and give you my blood.”
He shook his head again. “My blood kills vampires. I’m a hunter you can’t bite me.” He smiled sadly.
I felt tears in my eyes. “Then what do I do?” 
“Pull it out; so I don’t suffer for hours before I die,” he said quietly.
I shook my head slowly. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to him. “Please don’t let me suffer,” he pleaded.
I swallowed hard and gripped the stake. I yanked it out and he screamed. Blood flowed from his mouth and he looked scared. 
I couldn’t let him die. I would have to take the chance of dying to save him. I crawled on top of him and he tried to fight me as I sank my fangs into his neck. I felt a surge of pain as the blood filled my mouth, but I didn’t let go. I drank even though it was like swallowing razors. I choked a couple times, but fought to drink enough. I bit my own wrist and forced it to his lips. He grabbed it and drank. I could tell it was working because he sat up to get a better hold on my wrist. I fell back in my seat and screamed as his blood ran through me. My body felt like it was being torn apart. Blood ran from my nose and mouth and I couldn’t stop crying. Rick was passed out in the passenger seat. Everything went black as the pain intensified.

Chapter 15

I woke up with a start and sat up. I looked around; I was in a dungeon. I was chained to the wall, and Rick was chained next to me.
“Rick?” I nudged him with my foot.
He groaned and opened his eyes. He looked at me; he looked startled and sat up straight. He smiled. “You’re alive.”
I nodded. “So are you.” I was relieved.  
He looked around. “Where are we?”
I tried to focus. “I don’t know.” It was dark and a little cold. My body was cramped from being in the same position for so long.
The door to the dungeon opened and the light blinded us. I felt my chest tighten when Nicolai walked in followed by James.
I watched Nicolai cautiously. “Nicolai.”
“Isabella, I’m surprised you’re alive,” Nicolai said coldly.
I was suddenly nervous. “Nicolai what is going on?” 
He smiled. “Nothing really we are just trying to decide what to do with you since you can’t be trusted.”
I scowled. “That’s not fair Nicolai, I did this for you.”
He scoffed. “How so?”
I glared at him. “I didn’t want you hurt.”
“She’s telling the truth,” Rick said quietly.
“No one asked you,” James snapped and kicked him in the stomach.
I gasped and felt the sharp pain go through my stomach just as Rick bent over in pain.
“James, you’re hurting her by hitting him,” Nicolai said quietly, almost as if he was contemplating something.
James looked confused. “What?” 
Nicolai scowled. “They are linked. Why do you think I haven’t killed him yet?” 
I looked at Nicolai with tears in my eyes. “Nicolai please, let us go. I just wanted to keep you from fighting him.”
He knelt in front of me and I could smell his cologne. He leaned in and kissed me gently. I fought against my chains and kissed him back. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me more aggressively. Suddenly, he moved away from me and looked at me. He turned to James. “Let them go,” Nicolai turned and walked out.
James smiled and moved in front of me. He unlocked my chains and I fell to the ground. He went over and did the same for Rick and then walked out.
Rick smiled. “Tough crowd.”
I smiled back at him. “What are we going to do about this linked thing?” 
He grinned. “I have no idea.” He stood up. He pulled me to my feet and we walked out of the dungeon. I realized we were in Nicolai’s house. I just didn’t know he had a dungeon.
Nicolai and Loki were waiting for us at the top of the stairs. Nicolai’s eyes were on me. “He can stay with us until we figure out how to break your link. Loki will show him to a room to clean up and change.”
Rick nodded and followed Loki up the stairs to the bedrooms. I leaned against the wall and looked at Nicolai. Neither of us spoke.
Suddenly, he broke the silence. “You know where your room is.” He turned to walk away.
“Come with me,” I said quietly.
He stopped and I could tell he was battling his emotions. He turned around and smiled politely. “I would prefer not to.”
I smiled nervously and looked at the floor. “I figured you would say that.” I turned and walked to the stairs. He caught me by my arm and turned me to look at him.
“You can’t do what you have done and then offer your body to me and expect me to accept,” he said angrily.
I sighed in annoyance. “I was offering you more than just my body, Nicolai. I love you and I will do whatever I have to too keep you safe. You said Rick was the most dangerous hunter. To me, I would think it is better to have him on our side than against us.” 
He looked at me surprised. “I thought you were trying to protect him.”
“No, I was trying to protect you and your stupid sidekick,” I snapped.
“Hey.” James walked out of the kitchen. “I’m more than a sidekick.”
Nicolai smiled. “I don’t trust you, Isabella. I think you make some very stupid choices.”
“So do you, in fact I believe I learned from you,” I said indignantly.
He sighed in defeat. “Go upstairs. I’ll be there in a minute.”
I smiled and kissed him gently; and then ran upstairs. I went to our room and started the shower. I got in and washed as quickly as possible. When I was done, I wrapped a towel around myself and walked into the room. I was surprised when I didn’t see Nicolai anywhere. I thought he would’ve been up by now. I sighed and dressed in shorts and a tank top. I figured he had changed his mind about joining me.
I walked out into the hall and listened. I could hear voices down in the entrance hall. It was James and Nicolai arguing.
“We have to go through with killing her, Nicolai. She’s a danger to us,” James said quietly.
“James, I can’t look in her eyes and make her promises when I intend to kill her. We don’t even know if she can die,” Nicolai countered.
“This knife has killed the most dangerous vampires, put it through Isabella’s heart and let her go,” James argued. “Rick will die with her.”
I felt the anger hit me like a punch to the stomach. They were going to kill me, and they were going to do it when I was most vulnerable in Nicolai’s arms. I decided that wasn’t good enough. He would have to look at me and kill me, knowing I knew what was coming.
I walked down the stairs and James quickly hid the knife.
“Isabella, darling, I was just coming up,” Nicolai smiled, and then nervously glanced at James.
I stood in front of him and looked at him. “Don’t lie to me, Nicolai. If you want me dead then say it. I won’t fight, I won’t try to stop you, but don’t lie to me.”
Nicolai looked at James and then back at me. “Isabella, don’t be silly.”
“Cut the shit, Nicolai. I would rather die where I stand then for you to pretend you care about me long enough to put a knife through my chest,” I snapped. I glared at James. “Give him the knife.”
James looked at Nicolai and Nicolai nodded. James handed Nicolai the knife and Nicolai moved towards me. “I’m sorry Isabella.”
“I’m sure.” I felt tears fall down my cheeks.
Nicolai looked pained. He pulled me to him, and I felt the point of the knife touch my back just over my heart. I buried my face in his shoulder and closed my eyes. 
I felt James come up behind me and place his hands on Nicolai’s hand. “On three, Nicolai. She has to die. She’s ruining the balance and she can’t be trusted.”
I felt Nicolai tense as James began to count painfully slow. On three, the knife was forced down through my back and into my heart. I didn’t make any noise even though it was an unbearable pain. I felt Nicolai sobbing as he held me. He slid to the floor holding me and crying.
He looked in my eyes. I never saw him cry. I touched his face and he kissed my hands and then my lips. “What have I done?”
“What you had to,” James said sounding pained.
“No! This isn’t right!” Nicolai started to panic. I cried out as he pulled the knife out of me. “Bite me!” Nicolai begged. I shook my head and turned my face when he offered his wrist. “God please! Isabella, I made a mistake! You can’t die you belong with me!” 
I just looked at him. I knew I was dying for real this time. I didn’t get that feeling that I would survive like I did the other times I was stabbed or shot in the heart.
Nicolai laid me on the floor and looked at the bloody knife in his hand. He looked at me and then at James. He brought the knife up and plunged it in his own chest. Nicolai collapsed over me, and the last thing I heard was James’s cries for Nicolai as everything faded to black.

Chapter 16

Prologue
Marion looked up at the house and sighed. Her daughter had to be here; at least that was the rumor. Isabella was last seen with the vampire, Nicolai. Going to Nicolai’s house would be her best chance at finding Isabella. Marion knew it wouldn’t end well. She really became concerned when Isabella’s father called her. Marion tried to keep her daughter from this world. By the looks of things she failed. Isabella knew nothing about who she was, or who her family was and that could cost her dearly. 
It was late and she could see the lights on in the house. “Are we going in with weapons blazing, or are we going to attempt a peaceful exchange,” Eric asked as he looked up at the house.
Marion enlisted Eric’s help after Christophe called. Marion would need all the help she could get if Isabella was in as deep as Marion thought she was. Eric was the best hunter out there. If anyone could kill an older vampire he could.
Marion thought about it for a moment. “We should start peaceful, but that doesn’t mean unprepared.”
Eric looked a little disappointed, but nodded. Marion didn’t want Isabella hurt. Marion had been young once as well. She made the mistake of falling for a vampire, and it didn’t end well. The family didn’t take well to her relationship. The incident brought dishonor to her family. Her family didn’t know who Isabella’s father was, and she would like to keep it that way.
They approached the house cautiously. Marion let Eric take the lead since it had been years since she encountered a vampire. She used to be one of the best hunters herself until she saw another side of vampires. A side no one taught her about. They did have feelings and they could love. While their love was definitely more complicated, it was still love. 
Eric peeked in the narrow window beside the door. He cussed loudly. Whatever he saw must have been bad. Marion’s heart clenched when she imagined the possibilities. Eric kicked the door in without hesitating. He ran in, gun in hand; ready to fight.
Marion hurried in behind him. Eric was shouting orders and demanding an explanation. Marion’s chest tightened when she saw Isabella lying on the floor covered in blood. A vampire laid next to her covered in blood as well. Standing over them, a werewolf held a dagger. There were two other vampires not far from the rest of the group.
Eric pushed the werewolf and the vampires back so Marion could get to her daughter. Marion knelt next to her Isabella. Isabella’s pulse was weak, but still there. “Did you do this?” Marion demanded looking at the werewolf holding the dagger.
His eyes widened in surprise. “No, I mean not really. They kind of did some suicide thing. It wasn’t supposed to happen like this!”
Marion could tell by the way he looked he wasn’t lying. She looked down at her daughter. She was dying, and she had to do something. “Eric, call Rita, tell her it’s time she repay that favor.”

Chapter 17

I could hear voices. It sounded like chanting. Weird chanting. They were saying words I didn’t understand. One of the voices was familiar. It sounded like my mother.
I slowly opened my eyes. My mother and another woman were posed above me chanting. Their eyes were closed and they were focused. My body felt warm and tingly. It was an odd sensation. I couldn’t quite figure out why it was happening.
Suddenly, the chanting stopped and my mother looked down at me. Relief washed over her face as she threw herself on me and hugged me. I was confused. I had no clue how she got here or where I was.
I slowly sat up when she released me. I saw Nicolai on the floor not far from us. Fear shot through me and I crawled toward him. 
My mother tried to hold me back. “Isabella, he’s dead.” She sounded annoyed, but I didn’t care. 
“No, Nicolai wake up!” I felt tears streak my cheeks as I pounded on his chest. He was completely still and my heart wrenched.
I looked up at James. “Why did you let him do this?” I demanded. James looked at me speechless. I turned to my mother. “Save him too.”
She looked at me sadly. “It doesn’t work like that, Isabella.”
“It has to, please! You saved me now save him,” I begged. I could tell by how she was looking at me she wasn’t going to.
“I’m sorry Bella, but we need to go.” She tried to pull me away from him, but I pushed her off. “Isabella!” 
I bit my wrist and pressed it to his lips. My blood trickled into his mouth, but he didn’t move. “Come on Nicolai! Don’t do this!” I didn’t know why, but I couldn’t imagine a world without him. I had grown to love him so much that the thought of losing him was unbearable.
My mother spoke softly. “Eric, please get her. We need to leave.”
Another man I hadn’t seen before, pulled me off of Nicolai. I fought, but he was incredibly strong; much stronger than me when I wasn't a crazy half vampire. Once we reached the car, I quit fighting. I couldn't go vampire. My mind was racing and my thoughts were scattered. I couldn't focus on anything. Eric slid in the back seat with me. My mother and the woman who was chanting with my mother climbed in the front seat. 
They drove about twenty minutes before they pulled up to a huge gate. The mystery woman who was driving typed in a code and the gate opened. The wall surrounded an incredible house. It was a mansion, but much bigger than Nicolai’s. It almost looked like a castle.
I scowled. “Where are you taking me?” 
My mother looked at me. “Isabella, there are things you don’t know; things that I kept from you in an attempt to keep you safe. I didn’t want you to know about this world. Now that you do, I want you to be where you’ll at least be safe.”
I just glared at her. I had nothing to say to her. She knew about the vampires and werewolves the whole time and she never told me. She knew what my father was and she lied. My father lied too. He claimed she had no clue about what he was. They were all liars. I was so angry I was shaking. I did my best to control it. She didn’t really know what I was. She hadn’t seen me when I got fangs or when my eyes changed. I wanted to keep it that way until I knew who the man holding me and the woman driving was. I never saw them before in my life.
The woman driving had to be something. That dagger went through my heart and I felt myself dying. Somehow, whatever her and my mother did reversed it and brought me back. She had to know magic or something. I wasn’t even sure if magic was real. 
The woman parked the car in front of the house. Her and my mother got out. Eric went to pull me out and I pulled away. 
“I can get out myself!” I made sure he knew I wasn’t welcoming his help. I couldn’t see his eyes. He was wearing sunglasses in the middle of the night. He had a baseball cap on his head and a thick coat on. He was actually kind of creepy looking.
He nodded and climbed out. I climbed out after him. My mother stood and waited for me. I followed her into the house. Eric followed behind me, and the woman that was with us disappeared through a side door. I didn't know who I could trust anymore. I was finding out things weren’t as they seemed.
My mother glanced at me. "I know you’re angry, but you need to listen. There are things you do not know. I want you to talk to William. He will be able to answer any questions you have.”
I didn't really want to listen, but I didn't think she was going to give me a choice. I followed her down a huge hall. She stopped in front of a huge set of double doors and knocked.
A soft male voice responded to her knock. "Come in.” 
His voice made me nervous. There was something about it. It sounded too perfect. Then again, maybe I was over reacting. She opened the door and stepped into the room.
My mother spoke as she held the door for me. "William, I’ve brought my daughter, Isabella, to see you." 
I was hesitant to enter. There was something off about this place. It reminded me of the feelings I got when I first went to the club. My mother looked at me expectantly. I took a deep breath and stepped into the room.
I would’ve liked to say the first thing I noticed was the shelves of books in the huge library like room. Unfortunately, the man in the chair across from the entrance had my full attention. Everything about him screamed vampire he was beautiful, and elegant just like the others I met. He was seated, but I knew he would be tall if he stood. He wasn't skinny, but he was slim and athletic. He had long, curled, chestnut, hair and strange looking lilac eyes. When he smiled he wasn't shy to show his fangs.
I stayed near the door. I preferred to have a quick exit, even though I doubted I would outrun him. 
"I will leave you to speak.” My mother left me there. The door shutting behind me made me flinch. The tension in the room made it difficult for me to focus.
"Isabella, welcome. I am sure you have many questions. Would you like to sit?" he asked indicating the chair near him.
I hesitated and watched him cautiously. "I'll stand." I was surprised at how even I kept my voice. I didn’t feel as steady as my voice was. 
"Suit yourself. You don't have to fear me Isabella. I will not harm you." He spoke softly. The way he spoke made my skin tingle. He had to be so much older than Nicolai. He seemed so much more powerful.
"I don't fear you, I just don't trust you," I spoke quickly. My words surprised me as much as they did him. I wasn't sure if I feared him. I wasn't sure what I felt at all. I had gone numb in the car. Feelings weren't an option anymore. If I let my feelings take control I knew I wouldn't be able to function at all.
He watched me for a moment as if he thought he could figure me out by looking at me. "I see. I understand your friend died this evening."
"He was more than a friend!” I didn't know why I was getting angry. It wasn't like he had anything to do with Nicolai’s death. Maybe if I had known about all this earlier, things would have been different between me and Nicolai.
“Ah I see. He was your lover then?” He was being a little more inquisitive than I liked. I didn’t really trust him even though my mother seemed to.
 “Something like that.” I gave him as terse of a reply as I could manage.
“Obviously you know what I am. It’s apparent you are also immune to my charms. My question for you is, what are you?” His expression had gone from welcoming to dark and accusing.
I looked at him a little shocked, but quickly recovered. “Why do you think I’m anything but human?” 
He smiled and stood. I really didn’t like that he stood up, but I tried not to show it. “First off, you were never human to begin with. To put it crudely your mother is a witch and a hunter; that makes you half witch.”
“There are witches?” I didn’t mean to cut him off, but I was curious now.
He sighed. “I told Marion keeping things from you would not be a good idea. Yes, there are witches. Rita, the woman who healed you, is a witch as well. Now back to what I was saying. Your father is a vampire. So what does that make you?” He smiled as he asked the question.
I shifted nervously. “Nothing obviously. I didn’t know my father was a vampire until just recently, and I never suspected my mother was anything.” I was surprised at how well I kept a straight face.
“Nothing at all? No urges, changes, nothing?” He looked more curious now than he did before.
“Nothing. Am I a prisoner here?” I asked trying to redirect his line of questions.
He looked at me surprised and confused. “Heavens no. I do not imprison people.”
“What is it you want then?” I wanted to leave, but I also wanted to know more. Nicolai and the others didn’t provide information unless I stumbled on something.
“To meet you. I know your father and your mother. I thought it was time I met you.” He smiled as he spoke suggesting he knew something I didn’t.
“How do you know my father?” It seemed like all vampires new each other somehow.
He smiled and looked away. “I am afraid that is another story for another day. What we really should discuss is the war being waged between hunters and vampires.”
I looked at him confused. “What war?” No one ever mentioned a war to me. I thought Nicolai would mention it. Then again, he never told me anything.
He smiled. “You encountered it yourself with your cousin. Hunters are trying to draw vampires into the public eye. This of course is not the best way to go about things. Witches have been caught in the middle forced to choose sides. Your mother’s family were once very prominent hunters. Your mother separated from her family because of the war. I believe hunters can live in harmony with vampires; so does your mother and your father.” He looked at me as if he was expecting me to say something.
“What does that have to do with me?” I had no intention of getting involved in their war.
He smiled. “You are proof it is possible. You are hunter, witch, and vampire. You prove that the races can combine and work together.”
“I’m not interested in your war. Besides what’s in it for you? Vampires always have a reason for being involved in things.” I knew he wasn’t just trying to make the world a better place. There was no way.
He looked away and walked toward a window. “I want peace. I had my fun when I was young. I have grown out of it. Now I am trying to make changes.”
“Well, like I said, I’m not interested. I want to go back to Nicolai.” I could barely say his name. It hurt just thinking about him.
William spun around. The look on his face suggested he both knew Nicolai and didn’t like him. “You know Nicolai?” He tried to sound calm, but failed.
“Yes, he’s the one who died.” I felt a ball form in my throat as I said it. I didn’t like saying it, it didn’t sound right.
He scowled. “It was for the best. Nicolai is not a vampire you want to be around. I am surprised you remained alive this long.”
I opened my mouth to argue, and then closed it again. Nicolai did try to kill me several times. Maybe William wasn’t all wrong. “How did you know him?” I decided ignoring his comment would be best.
“I rather not discuss it. If you would like, you can have a room here. This place houses several hunters and witches that fight for our cause. You may not think this war affects you, but it does. If we fail, you will not fit in anywhere. Races will be divided.” He looked serious and I began to wonder if he was right. I really had no clue what to think. I knew nothing of this world until just recently. How was I supposed to know who was telling the truth and who wasn’t?
The sudden commotion outside caught our attention. The door burst open and Rick came running into the room. Eric was on his heels attempting to catch him.
“Rick!” I said quickly as he came to me. I stood in front of Rick blocking Eric’s advance. “Leave him alone!”
Eric didn’t like me interfering. “He’s trespassing. He’s an enemy hunter.” Eric sounded like he was ready to fight me.
“He’s my friend,” I countered, annoyed.
“Eric, he is fine.” William was watching Rick cautiously. 
Rick’s chest was covered in blood like mine. I remembered he was linked to me. He must’ve experienced everything I did. I turned toward Rick when I was sure Eric would back down. “Rick what happened?” 
He looked rough. He was usually strong and confident. He looked pale and worn out. “You called me.” He was watching me. I looked at him unsure. I was aware of the fact that William and Eric were watching our exchange. I knew Rick meant called as in with my mind like vampires did, but I didn’t remember doing it, and I didn’t want to let Eric or William on to anything by talking.
“How do you know the hunter?” William asked watching us closely.
“His name is Rick, and we ran into each other. We are friends.” I didn’t want William knowing everything. I didn’t like the fact that he wanted to use me as some pawn in his war.
William spoke after a minute. “Eric get Rick a room and fresh clothes. I am not done speaking with Isabella.” 
Rick looked at me worried. I nodded and took his hand. I gently squeezed it to reassure him. He followed Eric out. I looked at William. “Eric won’t hurt him right?” 
“No, Eric is loyal. You however are a liar.” His tone was accusing, and so was his expression.
I glared at him defiantly. “How so?” I made sure he knew I was going to be stubborn.
“You called him and I don’t mean with a phone. That is a vampire trait alone. What else can you do?” He watched me and his expression made me nervous.
“Nothing. He and I are friends.” I was sticking to my story no matter what.
“Very well, lie. I will figure it out eventually. There is no way a normal girl goes with one of the most dangerous vampires and survives; then befriends one of the most dangerous hunters and survives. It is not possible. There is an unknown variable.” I hated that he saw right through my omission, but I still wasn’t going to admit anything to him.
The door opened again and Rita came in. She was an African American woman. She was tall and her posture was confident. I could see her being a witch. She smiled at me. “I have your room ready. You need rest and clean clothes.” 
I nodded and followed her out. I didn’t even glance at William. I didn’t want to. I was too afraid of cracking under the pressure and telling him everything. I followed Rita up a flight of stairs. 
She held the door to a bedroom open. “Your friend is across the hall. Shower, and get some rest.”
I nodded. “Thank you, for everything.” I was still angry she refused to help Nicolai, but I didn’t show it.
She smiled and nodded, and then left me alone.

I still didn’t feel much better even after I was clean and in fresh clothes. Nicolai’s face kept flashing in my mind. I couldn’t even think of sleeping or relaxing. I wanted to go back to him. I knew they said he was dead, but I refused to believe it. 
There was a knock on my door. Before I could respond, my mother came in. I was standing near the window looking out it. I was too angry to even look at her.
“Are you really going to ignore what you were born for?” She actually managed to sound disappointed.
I scoffed and turned to face her. “I wasn’t even told about this world, now I was born for it?”
“I admit not telling you was a mistake, but that doesn’t mean you continue the mistake and ignore your duty.” She was speaking to me like I was a child.
I was so angry I could barely speak. “I don’t have a duty. Not to you, not to William, not to anyone!”
“You have a duty to your people. You can unite us and stop this petty war. This war kept me and your father apart and if your boyfriend hadn’t died it would have kept you two apart as well.” My mother and I had the same fiery demeanor. We would fight all night, neither of us conceding to the other.
“Well he’s not alive, thanks to you; so I guess I don’t have to worry about it.” I countered.
“You’re blaming me? From what I understand, he put the knife through his own heart. Did you drive him that crazy?” She was trying to be mean and she was succeeding.
“I’m leaving. I don’t want to be here. I belong with them.” I went to walk past her.
“Them who?” She was blocking the door. The fear and anger in her face was evident.
“Vampires, I belong with vampires. I belong with the only people who have accepted me no matter what!” I hissed and went to push past her.
“He is dead! Don’t let his death be in vain!” She was getting really upset now.
“He’s not dead!” I yelled. She looked at me shocked. I didn’t really know why I said it. I didn’t believe it no matter what anyone said; no matter what I saw. He couldn’t be dead. I had to go back.
“Isabella, I saw him. He is dead. I know you’re hurting, but running off won’t solve anything.” She was speaking softer now like she thought I was losing it.
Maybe I was. Maybe he was dead and I just didn’t want to admit it. I watched her for a minute, and then walked out of the room. I had to go back. Everything happened so fast. I didn’t mind dying myself, but I couldn’t stand the thought of being here without him.
Rick fell into step beside me. “I’m coming with you.” He must have been listening in to our conversation. Normally, that would have bothered me, but today it didn’t.
I hurried down the stairs toward the front door. I slowed down when William appeared in front of the door; Rita and Eric stepped up next to him. Apparently I was a prisoner despite what William said earlier.
“I want to leave.” I kept my voice calm, but firm as I spoke.
William spoke softly. I thought he would be angry, but he didn’t sound like he was. “Nicolai was against unity. He was all for war. That is not your path. You have to believe you were born for a reason.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “If Nicolai is dead, then why are you worried?” 
He stiffened slightly as he watched me. “I do not believe he is truly dead.”
I felt a rush of excitement at the thought of him being alive. I needed to go to him. “Then let me go. I belong with him.”
William sighed and moved aside. “Go, you will figure out your place eventually.” He watched me with his odd lilac eyes as I passed, but he didn’t move to stop me.
“I brought my car,” Rick said once we were clear of the house.
I nodded and hurried to his car. The thought of Nicolai being alive was almost too much to handle. I was silent as Rick sped back toward Nicolai’s house. I didn’t know what I was going to do or say when we got there. I just wanted to get there and fast.

The house was dark when we arrived. The lights were on when we left, but now they were all off. I ran to the door and knocked, but no one answered. Rick peered in through the windows.
“Bella, I don’t think anyone is there.” He looked a little surprised and confused.
“They were here two hours ago!” I was starting to panic as I looked in through the windows. The blood had been cleaned up from the entrance floor and nothing looked out of place. “Can you get inside?” I wanted to be sure no one was inside.
He nodded and pulled a tool out of his pocket. He played with the lock for a minute or two and the door popped open. I rushed past him. The place was dark and silent. I went through every room and I couldn’t find any of them.
Rick stood at the bottom of the stairs and looked up at me as I came down them. “They must’ve left. Where would they go?” He sounded as confused as I felt.
I felt sick. I thought I would find him here and he was gone. “The club!” I said excitedly startling Rick.
I ran back out to the car and he followed. He looked at me and he looked a little confused. “They have a club?” 
I nodded. “That’s where I met him. It’s off Brighton Downs, downtown.” He had to be there. I just knew it. If he was alive, he would be there with Loki and Marcus.
Rick parked one street over in one of the only free parking spots. I ran toward the club and Rick followed like a faithful companion. I didn’t even really know why Rick was still following me around. He didn’t owe me any favors yet he stayed near me. I didn’t have much time to think about it because the club’s entrance came into view. 
The door that was normally propped open was shut. I ran up to it and banged on it. No one came to the door. It was just like the house, it was like everyone just left. I looked at my watch. It was a little after four in the morning. Usually the club would be open until sunrise at least. 
“Maybe he is dead and that’s why they closed everything.” Rick spoke softly like he was afraid he would make me mad.
“William said he thought he was alive. Wouldn’t he know? Why would he lie?” My heart was racing. I was disappointed and I was trying to control my anger and fear. I didn’t understand how he was just gone. Loki and Marcus too; it didn’t make sense. 
Rick shrugged. “We don’t know William. Maybe he’s lying for some reason. Vampires do that.”
I ran my hands through my hair and looked around. I had no clue what to do next. I didn’t know where to go, or who to believe. What if William lied? Why would he lie? All the questions raced through my head. 
Rick put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close to him. “Come on Bella. Let’s go back to my place and get some rest. We can plan our next move when we aren’t so tired.”
I nodded and let him lead me to the car. I didn’t know where else to look. I felt defeated.

The ride back to Rick’s house seemed to take forever. Rick would glance at me every now and then like he was worried I might just lose it. He pulled into his driveway. A large black SUV pulled up behind us blocking us in. Two men dressed in jeans and leather coats got out.
“Damn. Stay here.” He climbed out and met them at the back of the car. 
I was annoyed that I couldn’t hear what they were saying. It seemed like I went from being some kind of vampire mutant to being human again. I waited a few minutes and Rick finally came back. He slid back in the car. His face was hard, he knew something. He was gripping the steering wheel and he looked like he was battling himself.
“What happened?” I asked not wanting to wait for him to decide to speak.
He looked at me nervously.  “Change of plans. The hunters have Loki, Marcus, Nicolai, and James. I can get us in, but you have to act normal. Getting back out is what is going to be difficult.”
I looked at him. Excitement shot through me at the prospect that they were alive. Then again, the hunters had them so how long they would stay that way would be difficult to say. “I don’t expect you to go against your own people.” I didn’t want him to lose his family. I could handle going in myself if he directed me.
He shook his head. “They aren’t my family. We will have a better chance if we work together.” He backed out of the driveway and followed the black SUV. He looked tense. He stared straight ahead gripping the steering wheel. The muscle in his jaw was tense like he was not at peace with what he was about to do.
The SUV pulled into the warehouse district. Rick followed them to one of the warehouses near the back. We both climbed out and Rick walked over to me. “I told them you were my girlfriend and a fellow hunter. Stick with the story and stay near me.”
I nodded and he took my hand. We followed the men into the warehouse. My chest tightened at the sight in front of me. I had to focus on not showing my emotions. Marcus, Loki, Nicolai, and James were suspended from the ceiling with chains. They had blindfolds on. Their chests were bare and they had various cuts and burns. Rick squeezed my hand and I took a deep breath. I was relieved that Nicolai was alive; for now anyways.
A tall man approached us. He was really good looking. He had curled, golden blond hair and cornflower blue eyes. His arms were covered in tattoos and he was tone like Rick, but he was a lot bulkier. “Rick, I’ve hear a lot about you. I’m Gabriel.” He offered Rick his hand and Rick shook it.
“I’ve heard about you too. This is Bella,” Rick said introducing me.
I nodded and smiled briefly trying to act my part. I was furious and I was having a very hard time staying calm. Gabriel watched me for a second. He looked like he didn’t trust me. He was right not to. At that moment, I wanted every hunter dead. At least every one of them that harmed my friends. 
“You’re a hunter?” Gabriel still had his eyes on me as he spoke. His voice sent tingling sensations through me. It caught me off guard and I felt my cheeks redden.
“Yes.” My voice was surprisingly calm. I had no intention of going into detail with him.
He looked back at Rick; and then at me again. I had a feeling he was figuring things out and I didn’t like it. 
“You’re in my territory.” Rick spoke suddenly taking both me and Gabriel by surprise. I looked at Rick and realized he was trying to distract Gabriel. 
“We are doing you favor,” Gabriel countered getting annoyed.
“I want to speak in private. Isabella, please excuse us.” Rick looked at me; and then he followed Gabriel into the office near the back of the building.
I looked around there were only two men left in the room. I thought it was odd considering they had three vampires and a werewolf chained up. They must have been pretty confident nothing would go wrong.
There was a sudden commotion outside. The two guards went running out the door. I took my chance and ran to Nicolai. I touched him and felt a rush of excitement when he moved. I pulled the blindfold off him. His eyes were barely open, but he smiled when he saw me. My heart raced as I pressed my lips to his. “I thought you were gone.” I smiled as I touched his face.
“Get me out of here,” he rasped.
 I nodded and focused on getting him free. The chains were silver and they had a lock on them. I didn’t know what else to do so I just pulled. I surprised myself when the chain broke. I caught Nicolai as he went to the floor.
“Get the others.” He sounded weak and tired. I never saw Nicolai like this and it scared me.
I hurried over to the other three and freed them the same way I did Nicolai. I knew I shouldn’t have been able to break silver chains, but I would have to contemplate the reason later. We had to get out of here and fast. I could hear the yelling outside. I was trying to form a plan to get them to the car. The best idea would be to run like hell, and only fight if we had to. I also had to make sure Rick got out. 
“Hey!” Gabriel yelled at me coming out of the office. I froze. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do. I would have preferred getting out of here without anyone getting hurt. 
Rick tackled him from behind. They fell to the ground. Rick was evenly matched. I helped Nicolai up. He was the worse out of the three. I handed him off to James. I spoke quickly to James. “Get to Rick’s car. The key is in the ignition. If we aren’t out in five minutes get out of here.”
“No, we aren’t leaving her,” Nicolai argued, but he was weak, too weak to fight.
“James leave. Get him somewhere safe.” I looked at him sternly as I spoke.
James nodded. I knew he would leave me behind. He was the only one in the group I knew wouldn’t think twice about ditching me. In most situations that would suck, but in a situation like this I was glad he was an ass.
They hurried out, and I ran toward Gabriel and Rick. “Rick go!” I yelled as I tackled Gabriel.
We went to the floor again. He quickly got the upper hand and pinned me.
“I can’t leave you, Bella!” Rick said panicked.
“Go now!” I yelled and Rick ran toward the exit. I made sure he knew there was no question. I wanted him safe. He didn’t have to do all he did to help me. If anyone deserved to be safe it was him.
“Who are you?” Gabriel growled. He was furious and confused. 
I looked up at him defiantly. “No one special.”
“Liar, tell me or I’ll kill you!” I knew I wasn’t going to talk my way out of this one. He was serious and I knew it.
“You’ll kill me anyway. Do you really think I’m that stupid?” I was furious too. He hurt my friends for some reason I couldn’t bring myself to hurt him. There was something about him that made me hesitate to fight back.
He cussed and pulled a huge knife out of a sheath on his hip. I felt a surge of panic as I looked up at him. He was serious about killing me. Before I could react I felt a rush of air and he was yanked off me. He flew across the room into the opposite wall. I was laying on my back looking up at William. He offered his hand. I looked at it for a second, and then took it.
He pulled me to my feet and smiled. “I can see you found trouble.” 
“I found my friends.” I was too happy about finding Nicolai alive to be mad or even annoyed.
He nodded. “We have to go.” He pulled me along with him. 
I was relieved to be out of the warehouse. Rick’s car was gone which meant they left when I told them to. He held the door of a white Jaguar open, and I slid into the leather seat. He got in the driver’s side and sped away from the warehouse.
William looked at me after a few minutes. “Your friends went to my house. Their club and house are too dangerous. The hunters know where they live.”
I nodded. I was anxious to get to Nicolai. I wanted to see him. I wanted to touch him.
“You are in love with him aren’t you?” William asked after a few minutes. He sounded sad as he spoke.
“I am,” I said quietly.
He didn’t say anything else after that. He seemed like he was deep in thought. 
I could barely wait for the car to stop. I ran into the house. Somehow I knew where Nicolai was. I ran up the stairs and opened the door I knew he would be behind.
He stood in front of me. He looked pale and weak in the thick black robe he was wearing. 
“Nicolai!” I said excitedly and threw myself on him.
“Isabella.” He held me tightly. “I thought I lost you.”
I looked at him and touched his face. “You were dead, I was sure you were.”
He smiled at me and kissed my hand. “I’m here.”
I pressed my mouth to his. He kissed me and I loved the taste of his mouth. It seemed like it had been so long since I had kissed him. It had really only been a few hours ago, but it just seemed like so much longer.
There was a knock on the door. He broke the kiss and I turned as William came through the door followed by Eric, my mother, and Rita.
Nicolai stepped in front of me. “What the fuck are you doing here?” 
I looked at him surprised. He was furious. I could feel his anger radiating off him. 
William held his hands up and spoke softly. “Nicolai, we need to keep this civil. It seems we both have a common interest for once.”
“We will never have a common interest!” Nicolai looked like he was ready to attack.
William continued despite Nicolai’s tone. “You may hate me, but you know we are at war and in order for there to be any form of resolution Isabella will have to help.” 
Nicolai scoffed. “Isabella belongs with me.”
“So I’ve heard. Unfortunately because of that, I need your cooperation. You need to help Isabella understand the importance of her position.” William remained calm even when Nicolai looked like he was ready to tear him apart.
“Stop talking like I’m not here. How do you know each other?” I asked annoyed. They were talking like I wasn’t even around. They obviously had bad blood between them, and I wanted an explanation.
William looked at me then spoke softly. “I am Nicolai’s maker.”
I looked at Nicolai confused. “You said his name was Carlos and that he was dead.”
“His name is William Carlos and I thought he was. Now I know who that leach Christophe has been bound to.” Nicolai didn’t sound very happy as he watched William. He made no move to attack him; which was a relief. I was tired of fighting, and I was pretty sure Nicolai was no match for William.
“You know I am right Nicolai. She can make a difference in this war.” William looked sincere. I was beginning to wonder if I should hear him out.
“What do you care about a war? You’re normally the one causing the war.” Nicolai wasn’t going to be swayed easily. I could see that and so could William.
“Can we talk about this later? Nicolai needs rest,” I said firmly.
“Isabella, this is important,” my mother said impatiently. She was back to treating me like a child. I hated it when she treated me like I was too young to know what was going on.
“It can wait!” I snapped getting angry. I felt my eyes change and my fangs came out for the first time since before I thought Nicolai died. Nicolai caught me around the waist and pulled me to him. 
William was elated. He had been asking me about changes. Now he was seeing them first hand. “She turns into a vampire?” He didn’t hide his excitement well.
Nicolai pulled me to his chest. “It’s none of your business.” 
My mother looked horrified. “Isabella, why didn’t you tell me?” 
Nicolai relaxed obviously distracted by me. “Just leave us, all of you. We will discuss this more after we get rest,” I pleaded hoping they would listen for once.
“Of course.” William smiled as he ushered the others out. He closed the door behind him.
Nicolai cussed and walked over and locked the door. He looked at me. “Why did you show them?” I knew he was angry.
I sat down on the bed. “I didn’t mean to. This hasn’t happened since what happened at the house. I wasn’t even thinking about it.” I was tired and overwhelmed. I ran my hands through my hair and closed my eyes.
He sat on the bed next to me. “Have you eaten?” 
I shook my head. “I’m fine. Have you?” I moved closer to him. I wanted to be near him.
“I have and you need to. I am too weak to feed you. So is Loki and Marcus.” He looked like he was coming up with an idea that even he didn’t like.
“I’m really fine.” I was hungry and I knew I would feel better if I fed, but I wasn’t about to feed on him when he was so weak. Being near him brought that hunger to life, but I pushed it away.
“Come, I will get William to feed you.” He took my hand and pulled me to my feet.
“Is that a good idea?” I asked nervously. I didn’t know William very well. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to feed on him.
“If he wants you to fight his war; then he can feed you.” Nicolai sounded annoyed as he spoke. I wondered how he felt about the whole war. I wondered how he felt about William still being alive. He never told me anything; so I had no clue what was going on. William said Nicolai was against unity. I wondered if that was true. 
I followed him down the hall. “How do you know where he is?” I was curious because I knew where Nicolai was without direction. I wondered what made me capable of that. Obviously he was capable of it to.
“Technically, I’m linked to William. I can sense him that is all.” He spoke like he really didn’t want to talk about it. 
“Do you think he has changed as much as he claims?” I was going to take the chance to ask as many questions as possible while Nicolai was feeling charitable with his answers.
“I don’t know. William is old. I’ve heard of vampires changing as they age, but I have never seen it. I haven’t seen him for over four hundred years.” Even though he sounded angry he also sounded confused. Maybe he did believe William was different. He certainly saved my ass at the warehouse; then again I wasn’t worth anything to him dead.
Nicolai stopped in front of the set of double doors. He paused for a moment, and then went in. I thought it was a little odd that he didn’t knock, but I didn’t comment.
William was seated in the same seat reading a book like he had been when I met him. I started to wonder if he slept or did anything else.
“What can I help you with Nicolai?” William’s tone was soft and friendly. I wasn’t sure I would speak the same way if I was face to face with a guy that tried to kill me.
Nicolai hesitated. “I need a favor for Isabella.”
William glanced at me, and then back at Nicolai. “Oh what would that be?” The way he spoke made my skin tingle. I wasn’t really looking forward to feeding on him if he let me. He just seemed too dangerous even when he was being polite.
“I’m fine Nicolai.” I sounded odd and I didn’t like it. William made me feel odd. He was too strong. My mouth watered at the thought of biting him. I took a step back and steadied my breathing. I hated the hunger. It felt like I couldn’t live without blood whenever it hit me full force.
Nicolai continued ignoring me. “William she needs to feed. She feeds on vampires. It’s the only thing that sates her. I’m not sure what will happen if she goes to long without. I’m too weak to feed her, and so are my friends.”
William looked a little confused and a little hesitant. “She feeds on her own kind? That does not sound like a good thing.”
I clenched my fists and focused on my breathing. I could smell Nicolai and William. William smelled stronger and sweeter. I backed away further. I wanted to kill William I could feel it. William had done nothing wrong and the monster in me wanted to kill him just because of how he smelled.  “Nicolai I can’t!” I turned and ran from the room.
I could feel my teeth I was full vampire and I was hungry. I wasn’t even really vampire I was something else. Something that hunted vampires and I hated it. I didn’t want to hurt my friends, but sometimes it felt like I wouldn’t be able to stop myself.

I ran out into a garden area. The warm air on my face made me feel a little better. The sun was on the horizon and I liked the feel of the morning sun on my skin.  I couldn’t smell William anymore, and I was relieved they hadn’t followed me out. I closed my eyes and relaxed. 
The sound of a shotgun cocking caught my attention, but I didn’t turn. I could tell it was Eric. I could smell him. I realized for the first time that he was also vampire. I didn’t even notice he was the entire time I had been near him.
Eric spoke softly sounding amused. “I have been ordered to retrieve you.”
“You need a gun to do that?” I felt the hunger hit me again as I spoke. It wasn’t as hard as with William, but it was still there.
“From what I understand, you aren’t the innocent little human girl we thought. It is my understanding you are more like vampires, just with a twist.” He sounded amused as he spoke. He didn’t sound like he was very afraid of me which was a relief.
I turned to face him and he raised the gun higher. His expression darkened a little as he watched me. “I’m not going to hurt you. I haven’t hurt you yet have I?” I asked angrily.
He smiled, but it didn’t go to his eyes. “I don’t trust you.”
I laughed. “I don’t trust you either, so we are even.”
“Come on, inside.” He was ordering me as he pointed the gun right at my chest.
I shook my head and spoke softly. “I’m not going back in there. I can’t be around my friends right now. I know my limitations.”
He lowered the gun and watched me. “How does a vampire killer have vampire friends?”
I was getting annoyed with his accusing tone. “I’m not a killer. I have never killed anyone, and I never will if I can help it. Just because I was born a certain way that doesn’t mean I have to give in to it.” 
“It’s nature. Nature always wins,” he countered and raised the gun again.
I sat down on one of the benches not far from him. “I’m afraid you are going to have to shoot me because I’m not going back in willingly.” I watched his expression after I spoke and he seemed to relax.
William appeared in the doorway. He was shirtless and beautiful. I felt my pulse race when his scent hit me. My mouth watered and I had a strong urge to go to him. 
He smiled like he knew the affect he had on me. “Come inside Isabella so we can talk.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea, William. She looks like she will kill you.” Eric sounded concerned; which I understood. I was concerned for his safety around me as well.
William spoke slowly looking directly at Eric. “We will be fine, Eric you may go. The sun is up; it is time for rest.” 
Eric knew it was an order not a request. He glanced at me one last time and retreated back into the house. William offered me his hand. 
I looked at it then shook my head. “There is no one to stop me if I go too far.”
“I can take care of myself. Now come feed.” He was ordering me. I wanted to comply. I wasn’t sure if it was because it was an order or because I was hungry.
I took his hand and he led me into the house. I let him lead me up the stairs; to a room on the third floor. I hadn’t been on this floor before. It looked like it was one huge bedroom. The bed was done in black and it had black curtains all the way around. He shut the door behind us. I watched him cautiously as he moved over to the bed and opened the curtains on one side.
He laid across the bed and smiled at me. “Come, don’t be shy.” 
I stood frozen. This seemed a little too intimate. I couldn’t help but feel like I would be betraying Nicolai if I went to William. 
William smiled playfully. “Nicolai asked me to feed you. He is aware of the possibilities.”
The hunger was starting to hurt. I wanted to feed; and then I wanted to go to sleep. So much had happened in a short amount of time I was overwhelmed. I finally made up my mind. I went to him. I climbed on the bed not far from him. I was resting on my knees next to him.
He smiled at my hesitation. He bit his wrist and offered it to me. The scent of blood was overwhelming. I lunged for his wrist and covered his bite with my mouth. His blood was everything I thought it would be; thick and sweet.
He pulled his wrist away and I moaned. He offered his neck. I couldn’t fight it anymore not after tasting him. I wanted his blood so bad. I lunged at his neck and sank my teeth into him. He groaned and tensed as cool thick blood filled my mouth. He laid still while I fed. After a few minutes, I released him. I had to force myself to stop. I wanted more; I wanted it all.
He laid limp and relaxed under me. He made no move to fight me off. A small smile played at his lips like he enjoyed what I did. I suddenly felt very tired and relaxed. His blood was different than the others. It was stronger more potent. It didn’t take long for me to feel the effects. I laid across his chest and closed my eyes. 

Chapter 18

I could smell Nicolai’s scent. I hadn’t even opened my eyes yet and I knew he was near. He climbed on the bed over me. He was hungry; I could feel it. I exposed my neck to him. The pinch of his bite made me suck in air. He groaned as he fed coaxing blood from my neck. Someone shifted next to me. I opened my eyes. It was William. I had forgotten I fell asleep with him. He smiled, and then bit my wrist making me moan. 
I felt like I was floating as they fed. I knew they were there, but it was like I was somewhere else. Nicolai released me first, and then William slowly released me. 
William spoke excitedly. “She tastes divine.” He buried his face in my neck making me moan as he bit. 
“You will drain her.” Nicolai sounded groggy. 
William pulled away from me. “I doubt that.”
I looked up at Nicolai a little confused. I didn’t think he would be okay with sharing me like he was. He was smiling like he was drugged. William was smiling and giggling as well. I sat up and the room spun. Nicolai kissed me aggressively. 
“We should make love.” He sounded slurred like he had been drinking. I smiled at his suggestion. 
William giggled, “You should. I bet she will feel divine.” He ran his hand down my leg. Nicolai moved away and William pressed his lips to mine. William’s kiss was deep and needy. I couldn’t believe Nicolai was allowing this. 
I was confused. I needed to get away from them. They were the ones confusing me. I pulled away from William. I used the wall for support and hurried out of the room. They were too busy laughing to follow me. 
I walked slowly toward the garden I had been in the previous night. I was dizzy and weak, but I wanted fresh air. I made it out into the garden and the night air hit my face. It was a relieving feeling. 
I walked deeper into the garden. I didn’t want anyone to easily find me. Once I made it to a secluded section under a huge willow, I sat down. The grass was green and beautiful. I could hear an owl hooting in the tree. I laid in the grass and closed my eyes. I felt so much better out here alone.
I stiffened a little when someone laid against my back. I was looking away, but his scent hit me. It was James. I wasn’t sure why he was laying against me. He and I didn’t see eye to eye at all. He was determined to kill me to begin with. He laid his arm over me and pulled me against him. He smelled like the grass and evening dew. He must’ve been out running around in the garden. I really didn’t know what werewolves did. He was the first I encountered. After a while, I realized I was comfortable in his embrace. I felt safe. I closed my eyes and slowly drifted off in his arms.

Chapter 19

I woke up to the sound of voices. My face was buried in James’s chest. James stretched next to me he was obviously just waking up as well.
“She has to be out here. There’s nowhere else.” My mother sounded annoyed like she always did.
“She will show up when she is ready. There’s a lot of pressure on her.” It sounded like Rita talking. Rita and my mother seemed close. I wished my mother was more open with who I was early on. I would’ve had an easier time with everything.
My mother continued sounding even grumpier. “Yeah well, that werewolf is gone too. She’s probably off doing god knows what with him. That’s worse than a vampire.”
Rita laughed. “It wasn’t so long ago you and I were young women chasing every good looking thing. Let her be a girl too. She doesn’t have to play the savior all the time.”
James scoffed next to me as their voices disappeared down the path. 
I looked up at him and smiled. “You’re worse than a vampire?”
He grinned. “Maybe, but only in some ways.” He kissed my neck and I felt my cheeks heat up. 
He was actually making a move. I remembered the night I met him and blushed. His mouth found mine and I kissed him aggressively. I knew I wasn’t James’s favorite person. He made that clear a couple times. I didn’t really know why he was kissing me, or even why I was kissing him back. 
I rolled so I was over him. I buried my face in his neck and bit him. Hot blood filled my mouth and I slowly drank. His blood was so much hotter than a vampires. He tasted so good and he made no move to push me off. When I was satisfied, I released him and I looked down at him and smiled. “I should get inside. I need to figure out what I’m doing.”
He looked disappointed as he ran his fingers through my hair, but he nodded anyway. 
I reluctantly got to my feet and walked back toward the house. The men in my life were confusing me. They seemed like they hated me at times, then other time they were kissing me. 
It was later probably around midnight. The house seemed full of life as I walked toward the door. I went inside and it seemed like everything quieted. 
My mother hurried over to me. “We were looking for you everywhere. Where have you been?” 
I looked at her and did my best to hide my annoyance. “Getting air. What do you need?”
She hesitated for a moment, and then spoke. “The head hunter is here. Gabriel I believe is his name. He wants to speak with you. Nicolai and William are hesitant …”
“Where is he?” I cut her off before she could finish as I went toward William’s office. 
“Isabella,” she growled annoyed, but she didn’t follow.
I went into the office without knocking. Nicolai had his hand around Gabriel’s throat pinning him to the wall. William and Eric were just letting it happen.
“Nicolai! No!” My voice even surprised me. I was giving him an order and I didn’t realize it until I said it. What surprised me even more was that Nicolai listened. He released his hold on Gabriel’s throat and Gabriel slid to the floor.
Nicolai stepped away and glared at me like he just realized he took an order from me. Gabriel looked a little surprised and annoyed. I figured since I had ordered him once and he listened I could do it again. “Get away from him, Nicolai.” 
Nicolai glared at me. “I don’t have to listen to you!” He sounded furious. He was the one listening to me in the first place, and he was getting mad at me for it.
“But you will.” I held his gaze. This was a contest and I wasn’t going to let him win.
He cussed and walked over near William and Eric. “Happy?” he snapped crossing his arms.
“Very.” I turned my attention back to Gabriel. “What are you doing here?” I figured starting with the basics was the best.
Gabriel slowly got to his feet and looked at me. “I wanted to talk to you.”
“Why? Yesterday you wanted to kill me.” I didn’t understand why he would even walk into a vampire lair on his own.
“I still want to kill you.” He said it like it was no big deal.
Nicolai shifted impatiently at Gabriel’s comment. I shot him a look that suggested he stay where he was. It wasn’t so long ago that he was threatening to kill me. I turned my attention back to Gabriel. “What do you want to talk about?” I wanted him to get to the point. I wasn’t sure how long Nicolai would cooperate. Oddly enough, William and Eric hadn’t thrown their two sense in yet.
Gabriel watched me with a curious expression. “I find it odd that the big bad vampires are taking orders from a human girl. I also find it odd that a well-known hunter with a solid reputation would betray his kind to help a vampire infatuated, human girl. None of it makes sense and I want to know what’s going on.” 
I couldn’t really answer him when I didn’t know what was going on. I didn’t even know what I was. I knew I wasn’t human and I wasn’t vampire so what was I?
William spoke when I didn’t. He obviously knew I didn’t know what to say. “We were working on a truce that we planned to bring to the hunters attention soon. Isabella is an important part of that truce so we need her to agree.”
Gabriel scoffed. “There will never be a truce. There is no such thing as peace between vampires and hunters.”
“There can be. Isabella is both vampire and hunter. Her mother is from a prominent family in the hunter community and her father is a vampire. She possesses traits from both sides. She can be the mediator between us.” William sounded confident like he believed I could bring them all together. I couldn’t even get my own life together. I wasn’t even close to knowing how I was going to bring two warring groups together. 
Gabriel looked at me as if trying to determine if they were lying or not. “She doesn’t look like anything special. Besides vampires can’t have children do you think we are that stupid?”
William turned to Eric. “Eric, go get Christophe and Marion.” Eric nodded and left the room and William continued. “You will see the resemblance between her and her father. She is also able to change into somewhat of a vampire. You will see she is from both worlds.”
“Even so, why should we trust her?  How do we know she isn’t loyal to vampires alone?” Gabriel seemed to have calmed down, and was more interested what William was saying.
Nicolai cut in like he was getting annoyed. “She protected Rick. She just protected you as well. Isabella isn’t interested in harming anyone.”
Gabriel looked like he was thinking about it. Before he could speak my parents came in. It was odd seeing them together. I had never seen them together. Gabriel looked a little surprised when he saw my father. 
My father spoke as he looked Gabriel over. “As you can see I’m her father.”
Gabriel looked a little unsure. “I can see that. I will discuss the idea with the other clans, but I am not guaranteeing anything.”
William looked pleased. “That is all we are asking.”
Gabriel spoke again after a few minutes. “She will have to come with me. They will never believe me if I don’t bring her.” 
“Absolutely not!” Nicolai growled stepping forward.
“I agree with Nicolai,” Christophe chimed in looking worried.
I cut them off. “I will go.” I didn’t see any other way. If I had to go to keep my friends safe; then I would. I didn’t realize how important making peace was until I saw Nicolai hanging in the warehouse. I wouldn’t be able to stand the thought of my friends being chained in a warehouse somewhere.
My mother looked horrified. “Isabella he could kill you!” 
“The whole point of this is trusting each other right?” I looked at William. He was the only one that thought logically.
William watched me for a minute, and then nodded. “I agree. She should go. She needs to be able to move between groups freely. It is the only way to earn trust by giving it first.”
“Are you insane?” Nicolai yelled turning on William.
William raised his hands. “It is up to her, not us.”
Nicolai came to me and took my hands. “You can’t do this.”
I smiled and touched his face. “I will be fine. I’m told this is what I was born for.”
He glared at William; and then looked back at me. “We could run away. Forget about all of this. Please Bella, don’t leave with him.” He sounded desperate and I wanted to stay but if I wanted the hunters to trust me I would have to earn Gabriel’s trust. That meant I would have to leave with him and hope he didn’t try to kill me.
I kissed Nicolai gently. “I will be back. I promise.” 
He pulled me closer. “I won’t let you go!”
“You don’t have a choice. I have to do this.” I spoke softly pressing my forehead against his.
“If anything happens to you I swear …” he couldn’t finish what he was saying, but I could see in his eyes what he meant.
“Nothing will happen to her. Even if they don’t agree to a truce she will not be harmed,” Gabriel said sounding slightly offended that they suggested he would trick them to harm me.
Nicolai looked directly at Gabriel. “If anything does, I will hunt every single one of you down.” 
Gabriel nodded. “Understood. We need to get going. The compound is a few hours away. If we leave now, we will be there before nightfall tomorrow.”
I nodded and pulled away from Nicolai. He released my hand reluctantly. I followed Gabriel toward the front door. I wished I could take more time to say goodbye to my friends. I hadn’t seen Loki or Marcus since the warehouse. I hadn’t seen Rick either. I thought about going to see them, but then I thought better of it. They would try to keep me from going and the trip would be delayed longer.
Once inside Gabriel’s car, I was nervous. I had my guard up. He hadn’t made a move yet to attack, and I wasn’t sure if he was going to. I hoped he was a man of his word. He claimed he wanted to kill me so the odds were against me as it was.
He finally spoke after a while of silence. “I won’t hurt you.”
I looked at him and I could see his jaw was set. Maybe he was serious. Maybe he wanted change as much as William did. “Do you want a truce?” 
He glanced at me, and then back at the road. “I do. I think we can have an agreement. There are others that will be harder to convince.”
“Were you born a hunter?” I asked quietly.
He nodded. “My family is very prominent. I’m pretty sure I’m going to get an earful for this. That’s if I don’t get disowned.” He sounded annoyed and a little unsure.
I was beginning to think he wasn’t sure if he wanted to follow through with it. I could understand that. Running away with Nicolai suddenly seemed like a really good idea. “I don’t know why I’m doing this either.”
He looked at me a little startled. “I thought you’ve been working toward this?”
I laughed. “I just found out who I was a couple days ago. I’m being told this is what I was born for, and in a way I don’t want to let anyone down.”
“Then don’t. I’m still skeptical, but maybe you can make them see.” He looked tense as he spoke.
“What made you change your mind about killing me?” I asked softly.
He smiled wryly. “I haven’t changed my mind. It’s just on pause for the moment while I debate other options.”
I smiled amused. I was getting used to being threatened after being with Nicolai. He constantly threatened me. “I appreciate that.” He shifted nervously like he wanted to ask me something. “What?” 
“Do you drink blood?” He sounded like he didn’t really want to know, but he was asking anyway.
I looked out the window. I wasn’t really sure how much to tell him. “I do, but I’m not the same as a vampire.”
“How are you not the same as a vampire?” He looked a little confused and annoyed.
I shrugged. “I crave vampire blood, not human blood. I can drink human blood, but I prefer vampire.”
He looked at me startled. “You hunt your own kind?”
I glared at him. “I don’t hunt anyone. I take what is offered.”
He looked at me like I was crazy. “The vampires just offer themselves to you? Have they lost their fucking mind?”
“They know I would never hurt them,” I countered getting upset at his accusing tone.
“Bullshit. If you’re prey you don’t let the predator near your damn neck. They obviously forgot what it was like to be human.” He made it sound like I was a monster.
I crossed my arms defiantly and looked out the window. I refuse to say anything else to him if he was going to treat me like I was a monster.
I didn’t speak the rest of the trip. It was early afternoon and he pulled into a cheap motel. I was tired and he looked tired as well.
He pulled into a parking spot and looked at me. “We will rest for a few hours. The compound is only fifteen minutes from here.” 
I nodded and sat up stretching. I climbed out and followed him to the office. The motel was definitely cheaper than I would have liked. My family always had money; so I wasn’t used to this.
An older woman behind the desk looked at us. “Can I help you?” She was smoking a cigarette and she looked kind of grumpy.
“I need two rooms, single beds,” he said ignoring her obvious annoyance.
She smiled. “We only have one single bed room left darling.”
He shifted nervously and looked at me. I shrugged. He cussed under his breath. “That works.”
She gave us the key and I followed him to the room. He tossed his bag on the floor near the bed. It was a tiny room with a tiny bed. There was an old TV and side table. The bathroom didn’t look big enough for two people to fit in.
I sat down on the bed and bounced on the springy mattress. “This place is terrible.”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “It’s good for keeping a low profile. I’m taking a shower.”
He walked into the tiny bathroom and shut the door. I laid down on the bed and flipped the TV on. After a few minutes he came out of the bathroom in a tiny towel. He had the shower running. He came out like he forgot something.
He went to his bag and selected clothes. He looked at me and I blushed and looked away. I was embarrassed that he caught me looking. He was very good looking, and he made me feel giddy when he looked at me.
“Like what you see?” he teased.
“Maybe.” I looked back at him. I was trying not to show too much interest.
He looked a little startled like he didn’t think I would play along. He smiled. “You want a shower?”
I blushed and smiled, “With you?”
He nodded. “Of course with me.”
I looked away. “I can’t.” I couldn’t be with him without feeling like I betrayed Nicolai. Nicolai and I hadn’t been intimate, but we still acted like a couple. Nicolai didn’t seem to mind sharing me with William and James, but I wasn’t sure how he would feel about a hunter.
He moved closer to me and I could smell him. My heart raced and I felt my body heat up. “It’s just a shower,” he whispered against my lips.
I closed my eyes and he deepened the kiss as he pushed me back on the bed. He covered my body with his. My heart was racing as he kissed my neck. I felt a surge of excitement and my fangs came out and my eyes changed. “No!” I pushed him away and rolled on my stomach hiding my fangs and eyes. I hated them, especially in situations they didn’t belong, like when a really good looking man was kissing me. 
“I’m not afraid of what you are.” He rolled me to face him. 
I looked up at him nervously. He hesitated, and then slowly lowered his mouth to mine. He kissed me gently at first, and then he deepened the kiss. My fang cut his lip, and the taste of his blood filled my mouth. I felt a rush of excitement. I wanted to bite him, but I held back. I pressed my hand to his chest. “I can’t.”
He sighed and nodded. He moved off me and went into the bathroom. He didn’t bother to shut the door and I felt my cheeks redden when he dropped his towel and smiled at me. He climbed in the shower and I needed air.
I walked outside and my phone rang startling me. “Hello.”
“Is everything ok?” Nicolai asked sounding annoyed.
I smiled. “Yes, I’m fine.” I blushed at the thought of Gabriel naked. I wasn’t going to tell him about that.
“Good, I’m worried about you being alone with him.” He sounded like he was truly worried.
“I don’t think he’s going to hurt me.” I was sure he wasn’t. I couldn’t see a man that wanted to be with me harming me. I could’ve been wrong, but the way he kissed me suggested I wasn’t wrong. There was something about how he kissed me that made me giddy.
“I see. Be careful regardless what you feel for him, Isabella. Sometimes feelings do nothing but make you make decisions you will regret.” He spoke like he knew what I was thinking and I felt my cheeks burn.
“Nothing has happened between us.” I spoke softly trying to make him feel better.
“Good. I understand your attraction to others, but you were mine first. Therefore I get you first. Afterwards, I do not care if you are with others. Although I would prefer if you changed your tastes slightly,” he said dryly.
I felt my cheeks burn hotter. He was basically telling me I could be with anyone I wanted after we were together. I really didn’t understand vampires. They were so confusing. Half the things they did were contradicting. “Okay.” I just wanted to change the subject. I wasn’t sure I was ready to be with anyone.
Once I hung up with Nicolai, I went back into the room. Gabriel was in bed already. I climbed on the bed next to him and he watched me as I laid down near him. 
“You act like I’m the one that is going to bite,” he said playfully.
I blushed. “I don’t have much experience with guys; especially not naked ones.”
He smiled. “I can teach you a lot.” He winked and I felt my cheeks redden even more.
I buried my face in my pillow. I didn’t know why he made me feel like this. Nicolai didn’t even make me feel like this. “I’m going to sleep. I have a boyfriend.”
He laughed and put his arm over his eyes. “You will give in eventually, and I’ll be waiting.”
I looked his perfectly toned chest over one more time before burying my face back in my pillow and groaning.

Chapter 20

I woke up when I heard Gabriel moving around the room. I sat up and rubbed my eyes and stretched. He was loading a gun and putting a variety of other weapons in various places on his body.
I smiled amused. “Should I be worried? You weren’t this armed going into a vampire coven.” 
He smiled. “I was pretty sure I wouldn’t die there. Here I’m not so sure. Hunters get angry if they feel they have been betrayed.”
I sighed. “Great. I hope this goes well.” I stood up and looked at him.
He nodded and smiled. “You have a way of making people listen.”
I smiled and helped him pack the rest of his stuff. He turned in the key; while I climbed into the truck. I was nervous and worried this wouldn’t go well. I could tell Gabriel was on edge and that bothered me.
He drove in silence. It wasn’t long before he pulled into a huge fort looking place. I sighed. “Yeah, this looks comforting.”
He smiled. “It’s nicer inside, babe.”
I smiled and he parked near a group of other cars. He got out and I followed him. There were men with very big guns and several other weapons guarding the entrance. 
“I’m here to speak to Darius.” Gabriel sounded confident which made me feel a little better.
“Who is she?” one of the guards asked.
Gabriel looked at me briefly. “A friend.”
The guard didn’t look like he liked the answer, but he nodded and let Gabriel pass.
The inside of the fort was much nicer. It was beautifully decorated. It reminded me of a castle. The walls were decorated with weapons and portraits of important hunters.  Gabriel seemed to know where he was going. He was tense; so I didn’t bother to ask any of the questions that were rolling around in my head.
He stopped in front of a huge door and knocked. I felt my heart race as I thought about what I was going to say. I really had no clue what I was going to say. I was just going to wing it and hope it worked.
A male voice spoke. It was cold and eerie making me cringe. “Enter.”
Gabriel opened the door without looking at me, and I followed him in. The man standing near a desk was tall and bulky. He was older probably in his fifties. He was kind of handsome for his age. 
“Thank you for seeing me.” Gabriel bowed slightly.
I was a little surprised by the amount of respect he demonstrated. I wasn’t sure what to do so I just stood there. 
“You said it was an important matter.” Darius sounded uninterested.
“It is. The vampires want a truce.” Gabriel spoke quickly; it was the first sign of nervousness I had seen him display.
Darius looked up at him. I could see the annoyance in his eyes. The room suddenly became very tense. “We don’t agree to truces with vampires.”
Gabriel continued un-phased. “Normally I would agree, but I have learned certain things that have changed my mind.” 
Darius looked at me. “Who is she?” 
I didn’t really like his expression. He seemed completely closed off to any truce before he even heard our argument.
“She’s the reason I’ve changed my mind. This is Isabella. Her mother is a hunter and her father is a vampire.” Gabriel was watching Darius like he was worried about the reaction he would get.
Darius watched me for a moment. “So I’ve heard.” He looked back at Gabriel.
Gabriel looked at him confused. “You know about her?” 
I shifted nervously as I watched their interaction. It was odd that they didn’t trust each other at all. Something was off. I was starting to worry.
“Yes, and you will be rewarded for bringing her to us. There was a lot of fear that the vampires would have a weapon against us, but thanks to you the tables will be turned.” Darius sounded amused like he was waiting for this moment.
I looked at Gabriel and Gabriel looked at me unsure; and then he looked back at Darius. “Isabella has no intentions on staying here. She just wanted to discuss the possibility of a treaty.” 
Darius laughed and it made me shiver. This meeting was going south fast. “She has no choice. You will return to your territory, and we will handle her from here.” 
Several armed men came in the room and I looked at Gabriel terrified. 
“This wasn’t why I brought her!” Gabriel growled as two men grabbed his arms.
“That’s funny; I don’t remember caring. Get him out of here.” Darius ordered and the men pulled Gabriel out of the room leaving me alone with Darius.
My stomach did a flip flop. I didn’t know what to do or say. He was basically saying I was a prisoner. “The vampires will never allow this. They are expecting my return.” I managed to keep my voice calm.
“I don’t fear the vampires. They can come for you if they like, but they will all die.” He sounded amused as he spoke like he thought it was a joke.
“I will not help you.” I was getting angry, but I was trying to remain calm. 
He smiled as he walked toward me. He signaled two men to grab me. I didn’t move to fight when they got a hold of me and cuffed my hands behind my back. He stood close to me. I was trying to stay calm as he ran his finger down my cheek. “Are you going to show me your pretty little fangs?”
“Go to hell!” I was furious. He knew we were coming, and he had no intention of making a deal. Someone had to be giving him information. There was no other way he would know about me.
He laughed and pulled me to him. I tried to pull away as he pressed his mouth to mine. His hand went to my rear and I struggled. I brought my knee up and caught him in the crotch. He howled in pain and smacked me sending me to the ground. I was relieved to get him off me. 
The two guards hauled me to my feet. “Take her to the dungeon!” Darius ordered angrily.
They hauled me out of the room. I was trying to come up with a plan, but nothing was coming to mind. I would have to fight. If I didn’t fight I would end up dead or Darius’s toy. I pulled on the cuffs hoping they would break like they did in the warehouse.
The minute they thought I was trying to escape they started hitting me. I cussed and shoved my body into one of them. The cuffs broke free as we fell to the floor. The guard that was still standing lunged at me with a large dagger. 
I rolled avoiding his knife by inches. I ran as fast as I could. I had no idea where I was going I just knew I had to run. I could hear men pursuing me. I had no clue how to get out or even if I could.
I turned a corner and ran into Gabriel. “Gabriel!” I said excitedly as I threw my arms around his neck. 
He held me and relief washed over me. That relief was suddenly gone when I felt a pinch as he whispered in my ear. “I’m sorry, Bella.” My chest tightened at the sound of his voice.
I pulled away from him, but the room was spinning. I slid down the wall looking at him horrified. He drugged me. He was lying the whole time. He watched me, his gaze was cold and unforgiving. He was planning this and I trusted him the whole time. Everything went black.

Chapter 21

I woke up slowly. The place I was in was dark and cool. I was in chains and they burned wherever they touched. I was against a stone wall. It had to be a dungeon. I looked around. Fear shot through me as everything came back to me. Gabriel betrayed me, and now I was here.
The others didn’t know where I was; so I was pretty much on my own. The door opened and the light was blinding. Darius came in and slowly walked down the stairs. 
I glared at him as he stood in front of me. He smiled. “Did you really think you would be safe with a hunter? Not just any hunter but my son. The one hunter who will be the leader someday.”
“I was under the impression hunters kept their word. It appears I’m mistaken.” I was so angry I could barely contain it. I had no idea who Gabriel was.
“These are times of war. Desperate times call for desperate measures.” He spoke like it was no big deal.
“What exactly do you think I’m going to help you with?” I needed to know what I was up against. I had no clue what he thought I could give him.
He smiled. “You’re going to stand on my side. There will be a treaty, but you will be on my side making me more powerful. The vampires will have no choice, but to agree.”
“I would never do that!” I growled angrily.
He smiled. “I thought you would say that. That’s why I will hunt every one of your friends down and bring you their bodies until you do agree.”
I looked at him horrified. I didn’t know what to do or say. I was trapped. I had no choice. What if he did start killing my friends? I knew the hunters were capable of it. They had caught them once before. 
He smiled knowing he had me. “Now, let’s see those pretty little fangs.”
“Go to hell.” I spoke softly trying to avoid getting angry. 
He laughed and pulled a knife out. He winced as he cut his wrist. “You know hunter blood is poisonous to vampires.” He sounded amused as he offered his wrist to me. 
Hunter blood did affect me until after I drank Rick’s blood when I was saving him. After that, it was no different to me than any other human’s blood. He obviously didn’t know that and planned to use his blood as a torture device. In reality, his blood would make me stronger and I would be able to break free, at least I hoped.
I pulled away trying to convince him it would hurt me. He laughed. “I’ll make you a deal. If you cooperate and let me have my way with you I won’t make you drink my blood.”
I glared at him. He pressed his mouth to mine again and I struggled, but I was chained tight. I pulled away and his hands went to my breasts. He tore the front of my shirt open exposing my bra. Fear shot through me when I realized he was going to force me to be with him. 
He had his neck near me. He obviously thought I wouldn’t bite him. He was wrong. I lunged forward and sank my fangs into his neck. He screamed and tried to pull away. His hot blood filled my mouth and I felt the energy fill me. 
The chains snapped. I followed him to the floor refusing to release him. I was terrified. I had to get away. He punched me and hit me but I held on tight. I felt a sharp pain through my back and I screamed releasing him. I rolled away from him. 
Gabriel stood there with a blood soaked knife. I cried out in pain and laid with my face buried in my arms. I realized I was sobbing. My back was burning from where he stabbed me. He probably used some drug on me.
Someone rolled me. I was looking up at Gabriel, but everything was blurry. His expression was hard. I could tell from the way he looked at me he wanted to kill me. He touched my torn shirt and his expression darkened. “I’m going to release you. You are to run. From here on out, you are on your own.”
I nodded and slowly got to my feet. My back ached and I was shaking. Darius laid motionless on the floor. My stomach turned when I realized he was dead. I killed him. I looked at Gabriel and he refused to even look at me as he unlocked the door.
He pushed it open and finally looked at me. “Run. I never want to see you again.”
For some reason the way he spoke hurt. He betrayed me and they hurt me, but somehow I was the monster in all of this. I nodded and ran. I was glad there was woods for a cover. I made it to the edge of the compound in no time. It took me a minute to get over the brick wall.
Once I was clear of the place, I ran as fast as I could. My whole body ached and the knife wound burned. I thought it would have healed by now, but for some reason it didn’t. The sun was coming up and I was losing energy fast.
I finally collapsed near a river. I had no clue where I was or which direction I had been running. I cried out hoping someone would hear me. I could hear voices. They were arguing. It sounded like William and Nicolai. I looked around, but there was no one there. It was all in my head. I laid there cold and scared not sure what to do next. I finally closed my eyes and everything went black.

Chapter 22

Something was nuzzling me; so I woke up. I blinked up slowly at a huge black wolf. Normally a person would panic when a huge wolf was nuzzling them, but I could smell him and I knew it was James. I buried my fingers in his coat and tears ran down my cheeks. He found me; maybe I wouldn’t die after all. 
He released an ear splitting howl and I could hear shouts. My heart leapt when I heard Nicolai’s voice. He was over me within seconds and I threw my arms around his neck. He picked me up. I was so relieved.
“I should’ve never let you leave.” I thought he would be angry, but he sounded relieved instead.
William examined my back. “She is injured.”
Nicolai started walking. “Let’s just get back to the hotel.”
I nodded in and out of consciousness. I was relieved to be back in Nicolai’s arms, but I was tired too. Once at the hotel, he laid me on the bed. He assigned Eric and James as the lookouts while William helped him with me.
“What happened to your shirt?” Nicolai asked softly. I had a feeling he already knew, but I wasn’t sure.
“Do I have to answer that?” I asked trying to be playful.
He looked at me and his look scared me. “I need to know who to kill.”
I looked away shaking my head. “I accidently killed him.” I felt horrible about it even though he planned to harm me. I didn’t want to be responsible for anyone’s death, and now I was. I should’ve listened to Nicolai and never went with Gabriel. 
Nicolai caught my chin and forced me to look at him. “You were defending yourself. Do not blame yourself for that.”
“Was it Gabriel?” William asked as he examined my back.
I shook my head. “Darius. I guess he’s Gabriel’s father. Gabriel lied to me and turned me over to his father. Darius attacked me and I fought back. Gabriel stabbed me defending his father. I thought he was going to kill me, but he told me to run.”
William spoke, his voice was strained as he removed my shirt. “He let you go because he knew your injury would kill you.” 
“What?” Nicolai moved to look at my back.
Neither of them spoke; so I knew it was bad. 
I groaned. “I’m so tired can I just lay down?” 
“Of course. We will decide what to do while you rest.” William spoke like he had a plan. I knew he didn’t, and he was just trying to make me feel better.
I laid down and closed my eyes. I was cold, but the wound on my back burned.
“What are we going to do?” Nicolai sounded panicked. 
“There is nothing to do. Hold her and make her comfortable.” William spoke softly, trying to comfort Nicolai.
“No! You aren’t giving up! Do something!” Nicolai hissed, sounding panicked.
William spoke firmly cutting Nicolai off. “There is nothing to do but wait. If she can’t fight it herself then she will die. I suggest you hold her, and give her a reason to fight.”
Nicolai climbed in the bed with me. I smiled as he put his arm over me and snuggled close to me. “Are you hungry love?” He offered me his wrist.  
I heard Rick cry out but it was in my head. “Rick! He’s hurt!” I tried to get up.
William put his hand on my shoulder pushing me down. “Rita is with him. He is enduring the same pain you are. Remember you have a link. They are doing all they can for him.”
I looked at him horrified. I felt horrible for him. I caused him all this pain. I caused everyone all this pain because I thought the hunters would listen. 
There was a sudden commotion outside. William and Nicolai stood quickly leaving me in the bed.
The door opened and Gabriel came in. James and Eric were being tied up by several other hunters. The hunters had their guns aimed at William and Nicolai. 
“No!” I tried to stand, but I fell to the floor. My back seared with pain and I winced. Nicolai and William hurried toward me. 
“Leave her!” Gabriel ordered.
They looked at each other than at him. “Please Gabriel let them go,” I begged. I didn’t want him hurting them because of what I did.
Gabriel spoke softly never taking his eyes off me. “Leave all of you.”
“No!” Nicolai growled.
“Please, Nicolai go! I’m dying anyway there is no point to everyone getting hurt.” I was hoping he would see my point.
William took Nicolai’s arm. Nicolai looked at William horrified. William spoke softly, “Come, she is right.”
I was so thankful to William. They were out-numbered and out gunned. They would die for sure if they fought. Nicolai reluctantly followed William out. James and Eric didn’t look happy either, but they followed as well.
I looked up at Gabriel. He was the only person in the room with me. He came toward me. My heart raced as I looked in his unforgiving eyes. He knelt in front of me and watched me.
“He’s dead. That makes me the leader of the hunters.” He spoke softly, but I could hear the hint of anger in his voice.
“I never meant to kill him. I panicked.” I was trying to explain; hoping he wouldn’t hurt anyone else.
He raised his hand to silence me. “I should’ve never brought you. It’s all my fault that any of this happened.”
I was a little startled by his comment. I thought he was here to kill me. He leaned into me and pressed his lips to mine. “I’m sorry for all of this,” he whispered against my lips.
“You aren’t going to kill me?” I was a little relieved. I was already dying according to William; so it didn’t matter, but I still didn’t want to die quicker.
He smiled and pulled a small vial out of his pocket. “I brought you the antidote to the poison on the knife I stabbed you with. I wanted you dead, but after I thought about it, I realized maybe my father wasn’t who I thought he was.” He offered me the vial and I looked at him confused. “Drink it,” he urged.
I looked at him, and then the vial. I hoped he wasn’t tricking me again. I had to try something. I drank the vial and it was hot going down my throat. I coughed and he pulled me closer to him. “Bite me.”
I could feel his blood coursing through him when I touched him. I wanted to taste him. I slowly sank my teeth into his neck. He moaned and my mouth filled with hot, sweet blood. I felt stronger like I had when I bit his father. Something about his blood filled me with energy. 
I pulled away from him panting. I didn’t want to hurt him. I felt a little bit of panic when the urge to take more hit me. I fought the urge and touched his cheek. His eyes were clouded from the blood loss. I moved closer to him and kissed his lips gently. 
Someone cleared their throat catching my attention. Nicolai stood in the doorway looking annoyed. “Kissing the enemy. Do you ever learn?” 
“He’s not the enemy.” I smiled. “He came to help me.”
“He gave you the antidote?” Nicolai asked unable to hide the hope and excitement in his voice.
I nodded and looked back at Gabriel. “If you are the head of the hunters now; do you still want a truce?”
He nodded. “I do. Many of the others do as well. However, we will only agree if you are involved in it.”
I looked at William; he was smiling. I had at least accomplished my mission. 
“Can we make the truce now?” I asked wondering what making a truce actually involved.
William nodded. “There is still a lot to be done. Let’s all get some rest.”
I nodded and Nicolai came to me and carried me back to the bed. I was perfectly fine with walking, but he wouldn’t hear it. He laid next to me and the others reluctantly left us.
I looked up at Nicolai and smiled. He smiled back down at me. “I want you.” He covered my mouth with his. His kiss was deep and desperate. 
I let him undress me and cover me in light kisses as he went. He undressed himself and covered my body with his. He was inside me and all around me. I never knew being with a man would feel like this. He went slow and fast. He made me feel things that I didn’t quite understand. Our bodies tangled together. All the pain and the fear from the past couple days disappeared. Nicolai and I didn’t always agree, but I was in love with him. I didn’t really understand what I felt for the others, but I knew what I felt for him. We released together crying out in ecstasy. 
He smiled down at me and spoke softly. “I love you Isabella.” 
I smiled back at him. “I love you too.” I snuggled against him.
I laid in his arms as he fell asleep with his face buried in my hair. I still had a lot on my mind. I could barely sleep. I really had no clue what I was doing. I was just winging it and hoping I succeeded. 
The fact that I killed Darius still bothered me. I had taken my relationship with Nicolai even further, and I had no clue what he expected from here, or what anyone expected. 
I was overwhelmed by everyone wanting me to be something special. I didn’t feel like I was something special I felt like a car pileup that was getting worse by the second. My mother and father seemed like they were on opposite sides my entire life now they were together telling me I needed to take care of the duty I was born for.
I finally fell into a very uneasy sleep. Nothing seemed certain anymore. I wasn’t even sure where we were going from here.

Chapter 23

I woke up and Nicolai was already dressing. He smiled at me as I watched him. “I had James get you some clean clothes. We are heading back to William’s house to plan our next move.”
I nodded and sat up. “How long will it take to finish the truce?” I was curious because I really didn’t know what it involved.
He shrugged. “William handles all of that. It’s him you have to ask.”
He left to meet with the others while I showered and dressed. I smiled at the fact that James bought me a dress. I never really wore dresses especially not lately. The dress lightened my mood a little.
 I hated that they expected me to make changes, but I really had no clue what was going on. I was glad to be healed and going back to William’s house. I wanted answers and it was apparent I had to get them myself because they wouldn’t be volunteered.
I walked outside and they were waiting. Gabriel and his men left last night. James, Eric, William, Nicolai, and I were the only ones left. We all piled in a black SUV and Eric drove back toward home.
I sat next to Nicolai the entire ride. Everyone seemed oddly silent and tense. I wasn’t sure what to do or say. I had a million questions, but it didn’t seem like the right time to ask. I was beginning to think I was being left out of the loop again. They all knew something and I didn’t.

Once we were back at the house I decided to find my father. He might be the only one that would answer my questions without leaving out what he didn’t think I needed to know.
Rick greeted me at the door. He looked a lot better. I would have to ask Rita how to break our link. I couldn’t have Rick’s life constantly threatened because I was getting in trouble.
“I was worried about you.” He did look truly worried about me. His expression made him look a lot younger then I remember; even though it hadn’t been long since I saw him.
“I’m fine. Have you seen Christophe?” I was hoping he had. The house was huge. It would be nearly impossible to find him on my own.
“He’s in the garden,” Rick said not really looking convinced. 
I did my best to smile hoping to reassure him. “Thanks.” I walked toward the garden.
I walked out into the gardens and I was caught off guard when I saw Christophe gardening. I never thought he would be a gardener. He didn’t look like the type. He smiled at me as he stood and brushed his hands off. “Hey Bella. You look better than I expected.”
“I’m fine. I was wondering if you would answer a few questions I have?” I asked hesitantly. I watched his expression go from cheerful to hesitant. 
“I can try.” He was doing his best to smile reassuringly, but he was failing.
“I got the hunters to agree to the truce, but William claims we aren’t done. Do you know what we have to do next?” I thought the hunters would be the most difficult step, but everyone was acting like the task that came next would be worse.
He looked away nervously. “You should ask William these things Bella. I’m not skilled in the politics of our world.”
“I’m asking you.” I was trying to remain calm. I had a feeling they were intentionally keeping information from me. When I said ‘they’ I meant William and possibly Nicolai.
“I can’t answer you!” His tone was sharp and cold. 
It startled me a little at first then I got angry. “Why not? You’re my father.”
He scoffed. “Only by blood. I’m loyal to William, and he told me I couldn’t say anything; so I’m not going to.” He wouldn’t look at me and I was furious.
I went back into the house. I could barely contain my anger. I tried the door to William’s office but it was locked. I banged on the door. “William open the damn door! We need to talk!”
He opened the door and smiled like I wasn’t mad. “Isabella, what can I do for you?” 
I pushed past him into his office and turned to face him. He was still smiling as he shut the door. “I want to know what is going on. No one will talk to me and from what I can figure it is on your order. Now talk or I walk away for good.” I sounded more confident than I felt. William was a force, and when I was one on one with him he made me nervous.
He smiled leaning against his desk. “I keep things on a need to know basis; so no one will get wind of what is going on. I don’t want to spook anyone in the community. We don’t want our mission squashed before it succeeds.”
“What exactly is the mission? I got the hunters to agree. What more is to be done?” I was tired of his riddles and his silence. He was going to tell me everything or I was walking away.
He watched me for a moment. “The hunters were just a bump compared to what is next. The vampires are not just going to roll over and agree. You have to convince the council to agree.”
I looked at him a little startled. I had no clue there was a vampire council. “There’s a council? How are we going to get them to agree?” Our next mission was beginning to sound like more of a suicide mission, then going to the hunters.
“They aren’t going to agree, that’s why I need you.” He was back to smiling and being secretive.
“What are we going to do, overthrow them?” I asked jokingly, but I could tell by his expression that was exactly what he was planning.
He sighed. “We can do it, but only if you fight with us.”
“Nicolai agrees with this?” I was going to be furious if Nicolai knew about this and didn’t tell me.
“Of course. He is going to be my second in charge. Once we get to where we need to be, we will sign the truce with Gabriel and the hunters.” He said it like it was that simple.
“We would be fighting vampires. That’s going against the entire idea. This is supposed to be about peace not war.” I was getting more upset by the second. I was beginning to realize he was using me to wage a war against the vampire council.
He looked at me like he was getting annoyed with me. “Isabella when has there ever been peace without there first being a war? Furthermore, if the council were to find out about you. You would be killed no questions asked, simply because you are a threat. I am trying to change all that.”
“I think you’re trying to gain power, and so is Nicolai. I won’t be a part of it.” I was furious and I really had nothing else to say to him. I walked toward the door and he blocked my path.
His eyes were no longer full of amusement like they had been. “You are making a mistake. The foundation has already been laid. This revolution will happen with or without you. The simple fact is more people will die without you.”
We stared at each other for a moment, and then he moved aside. I stormed out of the office. 
I was furious. I went out into the garden and paced under my willow. I looked up when James came through the branches and smiled at me. He was completely naked and normally I would have blushed, but I was furious. 
“You look like you’re ready to kill something.” He sounded amused as he spoke.
I smiled briefly. “I’m tired of being lied to and used.”
He grinned as he laid on the ground. “I don’t mind if you use me.”
I rolled my eyes. “This is serious James. Nicolai and William are planning some kind of take over and I am their pawn. Things like this make me question my whole reason for being here.” I plopped down on the ground across from him.
He moved toward me. He pressed his mouth to mine and pinned me to the ground. “I like your dress.”
I smiled. “You’re terrible.” I giggled as he pushed my dress up. I sucked in air as he filled me. I was a little startled. I thought he was playing around, but he was serious. “James we can’t,” I whispered breathlessly. I was overwhelmed with feeling. He felt so good and it happened so fast. 
“He doesn’t care, baby” James whispered as he moved over me. I wondered if that was true. Nicolai said he didn’t care as long as he was my first and he was, but it still felt wrong. James seemed like Nicolai’s best friend, yet he was still making love to me. He made it clear the night we met he wanted me. He also made it clear he didn’t like me. He was really very confusing. A part of me wanted him too. I looked up at him and my body was on fire. He felt so good I couldn’t focus long enough to argue. He moved against me burying himself deeper inside me. 
“James won’t he be angry,” I tried to argue, but the feeling made it difficult. I wanted more; faster and harder and he knew it.
“Yes and no. He loves you. He wants your needs met.” James groaned as he moved sending shockwaves of pleasure through me.
It was stifling. My skin was covered in a sheen of sweat. He was covered in sweat as he moved. His breathing was fast and erratic. My body came apart underneath him. I bucked against him urging him on and he slowly filled me with the warmth of his release.
I laid still unsure of what I should do next. I was confused and overwhelmed. He felt so good that it couldn’t be that wrong, but then I thought about Nicolai and I felt terrible. James kissed me. His eyes changed to glowing amber wolf eyes. He was watching me intently.
“Isabella!” my mother called. 
I looked at him unsure of what I should do or say. My mother called me again. I needed to go see what she needed. “Please don’t tell him,” I begged and kissed him briskly on the lips.
He looked annoyed, but nodded. I hugged him and got up. I walked back up the path toward my mother’s voice. I met her halfway up the path. “What is it?” 
“I was checking on you. I couldn’t help but notice both you and the wolf went missing again. Are you two seeing each other?” She looked annoyed and it made me annoyed.
“Does it matter?” I countered.
“Yes it matters. He’s a master werewolf. They have their own agendas as much as vampires do. I thought you were with Nicolai. Honestly Bella, I don’t know what you are thinking.” She sounded disappointed a she spoke and my cheeks reddened.
James came out of the trees buttoning his pants. “Lay off her. She and I are just having sex. It’s a stress reliever. A break from the cold hearted assholes.”
My mother gave him a death look. “Are you going to care for her when your stress relief knocks her up?”
He cringed a little, but stood his ground. “I do what’s right when I need to.” 
She just glared at him as he continued walking toward the house. She turned her gaze back on me. “He’s bad news. You will lose your path with him.” She walked off leaving me embarrassed and confused.
I went upstairs attempting to avoid as many people as possible. I took a quick shower and changed into my usual jeans and tank top. I hated admitting it but I felt better after being with James. He was strong and confident. Being with him didn’t come with complications. 
Nicolai came in the room as I was pinning my hair up. I watched him as he sat down on the bed. 
Nicolai spoke after a few minutes. “I heard about you and William. William said you weren’t very happy with me.” 
“Yeah well, I’m not happy with him either.” I went back to messing with my hair. He muttered something under his breath and I looked at him narrowing my eyes. “If you have something to say then say it.”
He glared at me. “I suppose James is the only one you like right at this moment.”
I watched him for a second, and then I looked away. “I’m sorry Nicolai. It just happened. I haven’t felt like myself lately. I don’t really know who I am anymore, or who anyone else is. I really shouldn’t be in a relationship.” I went to walk out of the room, but he blocked the door. He wasn’t going to let me get away with it that easy.
 “I really don’t care if you fuck everything you see as long as you come home to my bed,” he said softly.  
I looked at him, and then nodded and walked out. My life was getting more and more complicated. I was supposed to fight a vampire council now. I didn’t know which man I wanted. I really needed to get my life together.
I went to the kitchen where Rita was baking. She smiled at me, “Did you need something Bella?”
I nodded. “I need to break my link with Rick before I go up against the council.”
She looked at me a little surprised, and then nodded. “You do know it may hurt him to break the bond.”
“Permanently?” I asked a little worried. My mission was to cause him less pain not more.
“No, he will heal. It’s not a physical pain but an emotional one.” Her look was serious. I wondered if she was worried about what it would do that much. Anything was better than dead in my opinion.
I sighed. “Just do it, please.”
She nodded and offered her hands. I took them and she started to chant. It was the same language she spoke when she healed me. I felt a searing pain like something snapped inside me. I went to my knees and blood spilled from my mouth. She didn’t release my hands she kept chanting. I stifled cries as my body burned. She finally released me. “You said it wouldn’t hurt him,” I panted glaring at him.
She smiled, “It didn’t.” She went back to cooking like she hadn’t done anything.
Pain was still radiating through my body. Whatever she did hurt like hell. 
Rick came running into the kitchen. He looked terrified. “Bella what happened?” He went to his knees and put his arms around me.
Rita spoke softly to him. “She had me break the bond between you two.”  
I realized as I watched her speak that she cared about him. That was probably why she was all too happy to break the bond. 
“What! Why?” He looked hurt and I hated that.
“To protect you. I don’t want you in pain or dying every time I am.” I was still trying to catch my breath from the pain of what Rita did.
Rita smiled at him and stroked his hair. “I agree with her. It is for the best.”
He blushed and I couldn’t help but smile. There was obviously something between them and he was embarrassed that I knew it. 
I slowly got to my feet and went to the sink. I cleaned up as much as possible. I was so tired of blood. The minute I thought about it my hunger came to life. I thought I would want Nicolai or William but I didn’t. I was still mad at both of them. I could smell James.
I left the kitchen. I could hear Rick and Rita talking, but I couldn’t make out their words. I was too focused on James’s scent. I walked upstairs and stood outside his room. I could smell him and it was overwhelming. I stopped myself from going inside. I just stood there and breathed in his scent.
I wanted to go in there. I thought I was only supposed to crave vampire’s blood, but I didn’t. I craved his as well.
“Isabella,” William’s voice startled me. I turned leaning against the wall and looked at him. I didn’t speak; I wasn’t sure what to say. He was near me and I didn’t want him nearly as bad as I wanted James. “Are you okay?” He looked slightly concerned.
I smiled slowly and nodded. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
He looked worried as he watched me. “Isabella, is he in danger?” 
The way he spoke made me scowl. “Of course not! Stop treating me like I’m a monster!”
He pinned me to the wall, “Stop acting like one. You are stalking him.” He was close to me and his scent still wasn’t masking James’s scent. 
I smiled at him and didn’t make a move to fight. “Let me go William. I’m not going to hurt him.”
“I seriously doubt that,” he growled, but released me.
He left and I turned my attention back to the door. I opened the door and walked into the room. The shower was running and the room was foggy from the heat of the shower. I slowly stripped my clothes off and walked toward the bathroom. I opened the bathroom door. I could see the silhouette of him showering. My mouth watered and slowly moved toward him. 
I stepped into the shower behind him. He froze when I ran my hands over his back. I bit his shoulder blade making him suck in air. Blood slowly ran down his back and I licked it. He turned toward me his eyes were blazing amber. His mouth covered mine. His kiss was hungry and needy. I kissed him back as he pinned me, filling me with his hard cock. The sensations were overwhelming.  He was uncomplicated and completely mine. He pinned me to the wall forcing himself deeper and deeper. I was crying his name and begging him for more. 
He growled and my body responded. I lunged forward and buried my fangs in the soft flesh of his neck. Blood filled my mouth and I drank slowly. He held me and moaned as he released while I fed on him. As he weakened and sank to the floor I realized I was taking too much. 
A rush of panic hit me. I bit my wrist and pressed it to his mouth. He smiled and covered my wrist with his lips drinking slowly. He pulled me down to his lips and kissed me. He was mine.

Chapter 24

I woke up in James’s bed. He was gone, but I smiled at the thought of him. Spending the past few hours with him took my mind off of a lot of things. I knew once I left his bed I would be back to the reality of my situation. 
I sighed and slowly dressed. It was early evening and I was feeling a lot better. I knew James was probably out running around the garden like he always did around this time of night. 
I walked downstairs toward the garden. I wanted to see James. I was going to have to figure out what I was going to do with Nicolai. I loved him, but he was busy hiding things from me and waging war against the council with William.
William and Nicolai came out of the office as I was coming down the stairs. I scowled. I wasn’t in the mood for their bullshit. I wished I could stay in bed with James forever.
William looked at me, and I could tell something was wrong. Nicolai refused to meet my gaze and I really felt the panic start to hit me. “What’s wrong?” I demanded. I didn’t like how either of them looked.
William spoke slowly. “It appears we have a traitor among us. James has been taken by the vampire council.”
I felt my chest tighten. I hated this. It seemed like any time I felt anything for anyone something horrible happened to them. “Who is the traitor and what does the council want?” My voice didn’t betray my true feelings, but I knew my face did.
Nicolai spoke this time. “The traitor is your mother and the council wants you to surrender.”
I watched them for a minute unable to process what they said. My mother was the one claiming it was my duty to unite the races. Now she was betraying me and giving me up to the other side. I knew she didn’t like James, but this went beyond that.
“I’m going then.” I walked toward the door.
 William blocked me. “You have no idea what you are up against or even where you are going.”
“I will find it; and I never have any idea of what I’m up against because you two never tell me. I’m going after James whether you like it or not.” I went to push past him and Nicolai stepped in as well.
“I care for James too, but going in half assed and getting killed won’t save him and it won’t help our cause,” Nicolai growled.
“Fuck your cause!” I shoved him off me and walked out the door.
I had to find him. I couldn’t just let them take him and not go after them. I would kill all of them if I had to. If William wanted a takeover, he would get one.
The air seemed to be stale. I wasn’t sure if it was my nerves or the actual weather. I was furious as I walked toward my car. I had to get James back. The only reason he was taken was because the council was trying to get to me. 
“Bella, I’m coming with you,” Rick called to me as he hurried out of the house. He was carrying several guns and a variety of knives. He was obviously prepared for one hell of a fight.
“Rick, I can’t let you get hurt.” I could’ve used all the help I could get, but I couldn’t let anyone else get hurt because of me. I couldn’t believe my mother betrayed me like this. She and I didn’t get along, but I never expected her to do this.
He caught my arm when I went to turn away. “I won’t take no for an answer. You would do the same for me.” I could tell by his expression he wouldn’t be swayed.
“Get in,” I said softly.
He looked relieved. He obviously thought I would fight him much harder than I did. I wasn’t in the mood to fight with him. I had one hell of a fight ahead. He was the least of my worries. 
I got in the car and set off. I had no idea where to go, but I knew someone who would. As the head of the hunters, Gabriel had to know where the vampire council was. I drove in silence. Rick didn’t speak. He obviously knew I wasn’t in the mood for a conversation. Gabriel’s compound wasn’t far. We would be there by nightfall if I hurried. All I could think about was James. I was so worried they had already hurt him, or worse killed him. My mother wasn’t fond of him. I couldn’t see her trying to prevent them from harming him.
Rick broke the silence after a while. “You would know.”
I looked at him confused. “I would know what?”
He kept his eyes on me. “You would know if James was hurt or dead. You have a bond with everyone you bite. If he was hurt or dead you would know.”
His comment made me feel a little bit better. I hoped he was right. If he was, then James was still okay … at least for now.

Near sundown, I pulled up to the gate of the hunter’s compound. I pressed the call button.
“What is your business here?” a male voice growled.
“I need to speak with Gabriel. Tell him it’s Isabella.” I was hoping he would see me. We didn’t leave each other on the best terms, but we were still friends; I hoped.
After a few minutes, there was a buzz and the gates swung open. Relief washed over me as I pulled forward into the compound. I parked the car and climbed out. Rick followed me looking around. He seemed more hesitant than I was. He was a hunter himself, and he knew what they were about.
A man greeted us at the door. “My name is Danny. I will take you to Gabriel.”
I nodded and followed him into the compound. I wasn’t a fan of the place. The last time I was here I almost died. I was at the mercy of Darius, Gabriel’s father. I didn’t understand it because Gabriel was nothing like Darius.
Danny stopped in front of the double doors and knocked. “Come in,” Gabriel’s voice echoed through the door. Danny opened the door and stepped aside.
 “Thank you.” I walked by him. 
Rick moved to follow, but Danny blocked him. “Just her.”
Rick looked at him annoyed, and then he looked at me. “I’ll be fine. Just give me a few minutes,” I said trying to reassure Rick.
He nodded and stepped back. I turned to face Gabriel as Danny closed the door behind me.
“Isabella, what are you doing here?” Gabriel asked. I could tell he was trying to keep his tone neutral, but there was a hint of excitement in his voice.
“I need some information. The others are unwilling to give it to me. I thought you were the only one that might.” I couldn’t help but notice how good Gabriel looked. I tried to focus on my task. James was still in trouble. Messing with Gabriel wasn’t a top priority.
He smiled as he leaned against his desk and crossed his arms. “I think it’s amusing that they are still trying to keep you sheltered. They really don’t want anyone finding you.”
“They have found me, and they are trying to get to me by taking someone I care about,” I said quietly.
He looked confused. “They took Nicolai?”
I sighed. “No, they took James.” 
He looked even more confused. “The werewolf? I thought you were in love with Nicolai.”
I scowled. “Does it matter? Maybe I love them both.” I was trying not to get annoyed. I did love them both. Right now, I was angry at Nicolai for not helping me get James back. James was supposed to be his friend too.
He smiled amused. “So why come running to me?” He walked toward me. He stopped inches from me. The light scent of his cologne hit me and I felt my body come to life. I pushed the feeling away. I wasn’t going to add another man to the mix and make my life even more complicated.
I attempted to focus on something other than him. “I need to find the vampire council. They won’t tell me where it is. I thought you might.”
He raised his eyebrows. “What’s your plan? Are you just going to march in there and demand James back?” The way he spoke made it seem like a ridiculous idea. It was my only idea. I didn’t have a choice.
“Maybe, I just need to know where it is, and I will leave you alone.” I was hoping he would just tell me, but I could tell he wasn’t going to.
He reached out and caressed my cheek. “It’s a suicide mission, and I refuse to help you do it.” He walked back toward his desk.
I scowled getting more annoyed. “I will find it either way! Please just tell me. I’m losing time playing games.”
He glanced at me. “I personally agree with William and Nicolai. You need a plan. You are letting your emotions lead you and you will end up dead because of it.” 
I could tell he wasn’t going to relent. “This is such bullshit!” I growled as I turned and stormed out. Rick was waiting for me in the hall. Danny was a little startled by my entrance, but he didn’t move to stop me.
“Bella! Going after him and dying is pointless. There is too much to lose. Everything that has been gained will be lost if you walk into that council,” Gabriel growled as he followed me into the hall.
I spun around and faced him. I was furious. I wasn’t holding back anymore. I was full on vampire now and I didn’t care. Whenever I got emotional in any form my vampire side made an appearance. I was tired of being careful and being worried about who would see me and what they would say. “I would do the same for all of you. I’m so tired of fighting for everyone else’s cause! What about my cause?” I snapped.
“Bella, please listen to me,” he whispered moving closer to me. “Let’s come up with a plan. I’m not saying we won’t get James because we will. I just want to be properly prepared so no one dies.”
I looked at him for a minute and started to calm down. “Did Nicolai and William contact you?” 
“Yes, but only because they were concerned. They will be here in the next couple hours. Let’s just relax, and when they get here we will come up with a solid plan to get James back,” he said quietly. 
He was so close to me it was hard for me to focus. He was trying to distract me and I knew it. If I waited until Nicolai and William made it hear I wasn’t sure if I would ever get James back. I backed away from him. “I’m sorry. I have to go.” I turned away from him.
I walked toward the exit and Rick followed closely. Once we were back in the car, I realized we had wasted an entire day, and we were back at square one. “How are we going to find them?”
“There had to be something they sent to get you the message. Maybe if we find whatever they sent we will know where to go,” Rick said watching me.
“Nicolai or William will have that, and I know they won’t give it to me,” I said annoyed.
Rick smiled. “No, but they would probably leave it at the house; which they are not at.”
He was right. I smiled. “Back to the house we go.” I took off down the road, back toward the house.

We made it to the house in record time. It was early morning and William’s car was gone; which was a relief. I hurried into the house, and into Williams’s office. Rick followed me in. I went straight to his desk and started looking through all the paperwork. Rick went to one of the bookshelves and began looking through things.
The door opened and Rita came in. I looked at Rick and he looked at me. “What are you two doing?” 
“I need the note or whatever was sent to tell me the council had James. I need to find the council, and no one will tell me where it is,” I said quickly.
She watched me for a second, and then looked at Rick then back to me. “If I tell you where it is Rick stays here.”
I looked at Rick, and then looked at her confused. “I can’t make him do anything.”
Rick scowled. “No, she can’t and I want to go. I like you Rita, but Bella is my friend.”
Rita ignored Rick and continued to watch me. “You can make him listen. I know you can. You are on a suicide mission and Rick is blindly following you. If you want to die that is fine, but I want Rick safe.”
She was right. I had tried to get Rick to stay earlier and he refused. I liked Rick and I didn’t want him getting hurt. Maybe I was being selfish. “Fine he stays. Tell me where the council is.” 
“Hey! You can’t make me stay!” Rick yelled.
I glared at him. “You will stay!” This was my only lead, and there was no way I was going to mess this up. I had to find James even if it meant going on my own.
Rick looked a little confused and then his expression went blank. “I’m staying here.” I didn’t really get what happened, but whatever it was he agreed which was good enough for me.
I looked at Rita. “Where’s the council?”
She looked relieved that Rick was staying. I could see that she obviously cared for him. It would make me mad if Nicolai or James was willing to die for another woman. I could understand her annoyance with me.
“I don’t know where the council is, but I know where their liaison is. He can direct you to them. I think it is him that has James anyway. It’s only about an hour from here. I will give you the address.” She walked over to the desk and wrote down the address on a piece of paper and handed it to me.
I went to take it but she didn’t release it immediately. I looked at her. She was delaying me and I didn’t like it. “I can see that no one is going to sway you. Just use your powers. They will give you the best chance at survival.” She released the piece of paper.
“Thank you, Rita.” I turned and ran for my car.  I felt bad about leaving Rick, but I needed the address. 

I parked down the road from the address. I drove by twice and the place didn’t look very welcoming. It was huge mansion much like William’s house. The vampires obviously had a thing for the castle looking mansions. 
I peeked through the iron fence at a place where there was more cover. I could see guards all over the place. This was definitely not going to be easy at all. It seemed like the best idea would be to walk up to the gate and go in announced. They were waiting for me. Hopefully they didn’t just kill me on sight. My mother being part of the conspiracy made me think that maybe they wouldn’t.
I walked up to the gate and the guards shifted nervously. I could tell they were both vampires. “I want my friend back.”
“You will have to take that up with the council liaison,” one of the guards said amused.
I smiled slightly. “I plan on it.” 
They turned and led me into the huge mansion. One walked in front of me and the other walked behind me. I was getting nervous, but I did well at hiding it. All I wanted was to find James and get the hell out of here.
The guards stopped at a door and knocked; and then opened it. I followed him in. I was surprised to see there was only one vampire in the room and he was standing with his back to me. From behind he looked almost identical to William except this vampire’s hair was shorter. My heart raced and the thought that William had betrayed me too. That thought was too much to handle. I was getting angry, but I did my best to control it until I found out what was really going on. I realized it couldn’t have been William. This vampire just seemed too different.
“Leave us.” His voice even matched Williams except his voice had more of an accent than Williams did. The guards hurried out closing the door behind me. 
“I want James back.” I thought the best approach would be to prove to him that he didn’t scare me even though he did.
“I assumed that would be the only reason you would willingly walk in here.” He turned to face me. He was identical to William. It startled me a little, but I kept my face blank. He smiled like he knew what I was thinking. “I am William’s twin brother Alexander. I am sure he didn’t mention me.”
“He didn’t.” I had a million questions, and I wasn’t sure which one to ask first. “I was under the impression there was a council.”
He laughed. “I am the council’s liaison.”
“Why did you take James? He has nothing to do with what I am.” I had to find out what he wanted and more importantly where James was. 
He smiled slightly. “I didn’t take James. James came willingly. James’s pack is under my protection.”
I didn’t believe him. That would mean James betrayed me. The door opened distracting me and James came in. He wasn’t tied up or escorted. He looked unharmed. I looked at James confused and angry.
“Bella, I never meant to lie to you,” James said softly.
He reached for me and I took a step back. “How could you?” I was so furious I had to work to control the emotions in my voice. I also had to work to prevent my vampire side from appearing. I didn’t want to go vampire in front of Alexander. It might encourage him to kill me.
“He did it at my request. I wanted see what kind of threat you were, and if it was necessary for the council to take action. I must say I am slightly disappointed,” he said dryly.
“Don’t judge her by her outside appearance I have seen what she can do, when she is angry,” James said quietly.
“Show me what you look like.” Alexander was barely able to contain his excitement.
I glared at him. “Fuck you, I’m not showing you anything.”
Alexander smiled. “Perhaps a little encouragement. Guards bring him in.”
The door opened and two guards came in holding Rick. A ball formed in my throat when I realized he had followed me despite my order for him to stay behind. I looked at Rick and he looked a little dazed. His mouth was bleeding, but other than that he was unharmed. The guards were werewolf this time instead of vampire. Either way, Rick was outmatched.
My eyes locked on Alexander’s eyes. “If you hurt him I will kill you.”
He smiled amused. “I wouldn’t doubt you would try. Now show me what you can do,” he ordered.
“I can’t just command it on and off!” I snapped.
Alexander looked at James and James nodded. I heard Rick scream in pain and I turned toward him. One of the guards had put a knife through his stomach. I didn’t hesitate to even think. I lunged at the guards. I broke the first ones neck and retrieved his sword then plunged the sword through the other guard’s chest.
“She is very quick!” Alexander was smiling. He didn’t even care that I killed two of his guards. James on the other hand did. They were his wolves. He lunged at me and I caught him across the face with my fist sending him into Alexander’s desk. He laid limp and a slight fear that I had killed him hit me. I stepped forward to advance on Alexander and he looked a little worried.
“Bella,” Rick’s soft whisper caught my attention. I turned and ran to him.
“Rick,” I said softly and tears threatened as I pulled him to me. He was getting weak and I could hear his heart slowing. I bit my wrist and pressed it to his lips letting my blood run down his throat. 
“You can’t turn a hunter,” Alexander said amused.
I glared at him. “You don’t know what I can and can’t do!” I hissed. I wasn’t sure if I could help him. I had to try whatever I could. Rick closed his eyes and went limp. My heart ached and I wanted to scream and cry. He couldn’t be dead.
I looked up and Alexander was gone and so was James. They just disappeared and I was alone. 
I looked over at the two werewolves I hurt. They were still moving, but they were badly injured. I couldn’t believe James had left them behind. I went to them deciding I should put them out of their misery.
I looked down at the first one and he looked up at me terrified. I was horrified to see he had James’s eyes. “Please …” he sputtered and blood ran from his mouth. I was horrified and I felt a little sick. I pulled the knife out of his chest and he cried out. I knew it was probably pointless, but I gave him my blood anyway. He passed out and I gave the other one my blood so he would quit whimpering. I was beginning to think my blood killed them. 
I picked Rick up and carried him to the car. I laid the front seat back and laid him in it. He wasn’t breathing, but I didn’t want to believe he was dead. There was no way I was leaving him behind.
I looked back at the house and groaned. I didn’t want to leave the other two behind either. The thought of them waking up on the floor alone bothered me. I wasn’t even sure if they were going to wake up, but something inside me wouldn’t let me leave them. I cussed and went back inside to retrieve them.
Once I had them all piled in the car I didn’t know what to do as I drove. I was so upset I couldn’t think. James betrayed me and now Rick and two others were dead. The thought was hurting me. I didn’t know what my mother’s part was in this. I was wondering if she was okay. Obviously it was James that was lying, not my mother. I drove not going in any particular direction. I had nowhere to go that I felt was safe. The only place that came to mind was the crappy hotel I stayed at with Gabriel. I had some money on me at least enough for a few nights. 
The same woman Gabriel and I had encountered was at the front desk. I paid her and she gave me a room with two queen beds. I was glad it was dark because it made it easier for me to get Rick and the others in the room without being noticed. I laid him on one bed and the other two on the other bed. I didn’t know what to do. I decided to look at his wound to see if there was any change. I pulled his shirt up and was excited to see his injury was healed. He was healed. Maybe it was working, but then again he wasn’t breathing. Alexander said I couldn’t turn a hunter. I went to the werewolves. They weren’t breathing either, but like Rick their injuries were healed.
I found my phone and dialed Loki. He would be the only one that would know without alerting everyone else.
He answered on the first ring. “Bella, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine. James was never kidnapped. He was just a trap to get me to see Alexander.” I was angry with myself for caring about James like I did. I should’ve known he would betray me, he did it before.
Loki sighed. “We know. James called us a little while ago … he said Rick was killed.”
“It was on his order!” I yelled furiously. I would kill James if I ever saw him again.
“He said you killed two of his wolves. They were his younger brother, and cousin,” Loki said quietly.
“They put a knife through Rick so Alexander could see what I looked like in vampire form; of course I killed them!” I growled. I wasn’t really sure they were dead anymore. I wasn’t going to tell anyone that I didn’t want to sound crazy.
“Bella, let us help you. Rick’s family will want his body back. James also wants his brother and cousin’s body back.” Loki’s tone was sympathetic and it was starting to annoy me.
“I want to turn them. Tell me how to turn them. They died because of me” I was begging him. He had to tell me. I had to save Rick and the other two who were just doing what they were told.
“Bella you can’t turn a hunter or a werewolf. They were not meant to be vampires.” Loki sounded sad as he spoke. My heart wrenched and I went to my knees as a sob escaped my lips. There had to be something I could do. I heard Loki talking, but I couldn’t hear what he was saying. I hung up the phone not wanting to talk anymore.
I heard a noise and it caught my attention. I got to my feet and looked over at the bed. I could have sworn he groaned. I hurried over to him and he made another small noise and shifted. I was so excited I could barely contain it. The two werewolves started to groan and move as well. Maybe it was working. After several attempts to wake Rick failed I just laid next to him and held him.
For the next two days, Rick and the two others remained in a coma like state. All they did was groan and cry, but they never woke up. I was regretting trying to turn them. I knew something was happening to Rick at least. His scar over his eye was gone. All his imperfections were gone. He was paler and he looked like a vampire, he just wasn’t waking up. I found wallets with ID’s for the other two. Joseph and Matt were their names. They both looked different as well. They looked more beautiful. 
By the third evening, I was beginning to think I was losing it from a lack of sleep. I laid next to Rick with my arm over him just hoping he would be okay. I ran my fingers down his cheek. There were no changes and I wasn’t sure if I should just give up and go back to William’s house. He suddenly opened his eyes like he knew what I was thinking.
“Rick,” I said excitedly as I looked down at him.
He looked at me and blinked a couple times. “I’m hungry,” he whispered. I realized how beautiful he had become as I laid there and looked down at him. He had fangs and his beautiful brown eyes were darker. His eyelashes and hair had thickened and his skin was flawless.
He wanted to eat that meant we had to hunt. It was after dark. I was a little worried about going hunting since I wasn’t experienced myself at the whole hunting thing. I sat up. “Come on, we will have to hunt.”
The other two stirred as well and I hurried over to them. Joseph looked up at me confused. He had fangs as well. He reached up and touched his teeth, and then he sat up quickly and went to the mirror. 
Matt rolled off the bed and landed on the floor with a thump. He groaned. “Owe.”
I smiled. They were all alive.
Rick slowly sat up and looked at me; then at the other two. “Are you sure this is a good idea?”
“Is what a good idea?” Joseph asked as he examined his fangs in the mirror.
“I’m hungry,” Matt groaned from the floor. Joseph just realizing he was there hurried over to him and pulled him to his feet. 
Joseph looked at me confused. “How is this possible?”
I laughed as I handed them all a new set of clothes I had bought them in case they woke up. “I don’t know. I just made an attempt and it worked. I also don’t think we have a choice about feeding. Are you guys okay? Aren’t you guys supposed to be crazy with hunger or something?” I was wondering if I did something wrong. I really had no clue what I was doing at all. I was basically winging everything.
Rick smiled. “We are, but you are different; so maybe we are too.”
I nodded. “Get dressed.” I started gathering my things. I was still excited that they had woken up, especially Rick. Everyone said they would die and I couldn’t let them die. Rick was there because of me. I should’ve been the one to die not him, and the other two were just following James.
Rick glanced at me as he dressed. “What happened?” He obviously didn’t remember anything.
“James was never in trouble. It was trap and I walked right into it. Those two stabbed you to get to me. You were dying and I didn’t know what else to do. They said it wouldn’t work because you are a hunter. I’m just relieved it did.” I realized I was smiling.
He raised his eyebrows as he looked at Joseph and Matt. “Why are they here then? And does anyone know it worked?”
I sighed. “I haven’t spoken to anyone in a couple days. I wanted you to get better before I went back, and they were only following orders. I couldn’t just let them die.”
“It’s probably not a good idea to tell anyone immediately until we know what will happen,” Rick said quietly.
He was right. If people started wanting me dead, then they would also want them dead.  They may want me dead because I had a new found power. I could turn hunters and werewolves. It made me curious as to what else I could turn. The less they knew about them the safer they were. I smiled. “I agree, now let’s go.”
They followed me out of the hotel room. We were not far from a park. It would be the perfect place to find an evening runner. 
We walked through the park and they seemed so at ease. Rick was more relaxed than I thought he would be. He seemed like a much older vampire, kind of like Loki and Marcus. The thought of them made me miss them. I would have to go see them soon. 
Joseph smiled. “This is cool. I never thought about being a vampire, now I’m both.” He looked at me. “Can we go hunt as wolves?”
I looked at him unsure. “People?”
He laughed. “No deer, silly.”
I looked at Rick unsure. He shrugged. “I’m in control. They should be too.”
“Okay, but don’t be seen and be back at the hotel room before sunrise.” I didn’t know why I felt the need to order them around. I just felt like I needed to tell them what to do it was almost instinctual.
Matt and Joseph ran off yelling in excitement as they stripped. I wondered how well the whole vampire-werewolf hybrid thing was going to go.

Rick and I continued on. After a few minutes, Rick suddenly froze and listened. He smiled and glanced at me, and then took off running. I chased him. He must’ve caught the scent of blood. I was slightly worried by his reaction. If he was going to hunt a human like this they were in trouble.
He made it through the trees and tackled a man in a trench coat. He bit him as I reached them both. I realized he was feeding on a vampire not a human. The vampire wasn’t fighting. Rick was able to paralyze them like I could. When I thought he had enough I pulled him off. “I want more!” he growled.
“No, that is enough,” I said softly. He seemed so happy I couldn’t help but smile and be happy to. I had saved him. I hated that he had to be a vampire because it was nothing but a pain in the ass to me, but maybe he would like being one.
He laughed. “This feels so good.” He pulled me to him and pressed his mouth to mine. The taste of blood stirred the hunger in me. I hadn’t eaten in days. I kissed him enjoying the taste of his mouth. “Let’s find someone else.”
I nodded. I was incredibly hungry as well. I just hadn’t realized it until I tasted the blood on his mouth. It wasn’t long before we found another vampire stalking a late evening jogger. I pounced on him, taking him by surprise. I sank my fangs into his neck and his thick blood filled my mouth. I slowly drank. I released him after a minute and Rick took over. I pulled Rick off when I knew he had enough. 
He pressed his mouth to mine and I enjoyed his kiss. He groaned. “We should go back to the hotel.”
I giggled and smiled. “We should.” I felt like I was high. I loved hunting with him. I never felt so close to anyone, and now he was like me and he would be with me forever. I would never be alone again.
“I’ll race you.” He took off running.
I smiled and took off after him. I beat him into the room and he tackled me. I giggled as we landed on the bed and his mouth found mine. He kissed my neck; and then he moved slowly down to the tops of my breasts. He bit my breast and I moaned. He licked the beads of blood seeping from the wound.
I peeled his shirt off and ran my hands over his perfect chest. He pressed his mouth to mine, kissing me hungrily. He pulled my shirt off and tossed it aside. He undid the button on my jeans and slid them off. I laid naked under him as he laid kisses down my body. I rolled so he was under me. I undid the button on his jeans and slid them off. I straddled his body. His hard cock filled me. He groaned and I relaxed as I began to move. He felt so good it was hard to handle. I wasn’t in love with Rick, but I cared about him. It bothered me a little that I thought of him as property. I was beginning to think I was getting the mentality of a vampire. Nicolai always treated me like property. I pushed the thought of Nicolai out of my head. I hadn’t heard from any of them. Rick was the only one that stuck by me no matter what. I wasn’t in love with him, but he was still mine.

I woke up when I heard Joseph and Matt come in near dawn. I looked over at them and they grinned. I smiled. “Did you two behave?” 
Joseph nodded. “This is awesome. We can do so much more now. We are going to call ourselves werevamps.”
I smiled. “Get some rest. The sun will be up soon.”
They nodded and settled down for the night.
I felt Rick shift next to me. I was actually happy for the first time in a while. Everything had gone right tonight. They woke up, and they were all alive. I developed a fondness for Joseph, and Matt overnight. It was like we had a bond and I was wondering if it was because I turned them. I wondered if this was how Nicolai felt for Loki. It was all still so confusing, and since none of the others bothered to help me, I had to stumble on things on my own.
I closed my eyes and relaxed for the first time in a long time.

Chapter 25

I woke up tangled in Rick. I heard my cell phone going off for the first time in days. I retrieved it and answered it. “Hello.”
“Please explain why my vampires are being jumped in parks,” William growled.
I smiled. “Why are you blaming me?”
“Because a vampire that feeds on other vampires just fed on two unwilling vampires. My question is, who is the male vampire you are running with now?” He sounded angry and I found it amusing. 
I laughed. “Wouldn’t you like to know? He’s a friend, and I’m not hurting your vampires just feeding on them. It’s no different then what they do to the humans.”
“I see. We are concerned about you, Isabella. There is a party tonight at my place. Please come. We need to know you are okay.” His tone was much softer than it was to start with. 
“I’ll see what I can do.” I wasn’t looking forward to his party. I really wasn’t looking forward to seeing Nicolai. He had a way of making me feel like a serious fuck up, and everything that had happened was a growing list of fuck ups. “Did you know about James?” I wanted to know where James went and what William and the others knew.
He hesitated, and then he spoke. “We do. We have come to somewhat of an agreement. My brother and I have decided to start working together. Your mother is fine by the way. She was held captive and released when you arrived. She wants you to know she had no part in any of this.”
“Tell her I’m sorry. I just don’t know if I can come tonight. I don’t want to cause problems.” I didn’t want to see Alexander and I really didn’t want to see James. They killed Rick thinking I wouldn’t be able to save him. Now they wanted to play nice and I didn’t like it.
He sighed. “Isabella, there will be no fighting. I understand they killed your friend, but we have to learn to work together.”
I laughed. “Why invite me if you’re worried I’ll kill someone?”
“Because you’re vital to the agreements working. The hunters, vampires, and wolves are coming together. You are the reason for all this. I know you’re mourning, but you need to be there.”
I looked over at Rick and smiled. I wasn’t mourning I was happy. He just didn’t know about it yet. “I may show up.”
He sighed. “I hope to see you there.”
I hung up and Rick smiled at me. “They aren’t happy with our hunting trip?”
I shook my head. “No they aren’t.”
He rolled so he was on top of me. He kissed my mouth gently. “Are we going to the party?”
I sighed. “I am, I don’t think it’s a good idea for you guys to go.”
“That’s not fair,” Joseph piped up from across the room.
I scoffed. “How isn’t it fair? Everyone thinks you’re dead. I don’t think they would take kindly to the fact that you’re all mutant vampires.”
“Werevamps,” Matt chimed in.
I smiled and shook my head. “Werevamps or not, it isn’t a good idea.”
They booed me as I walked into the bathroom. I didn’t want to take the chance of people freaking out and trying to kill them because they were different.

I pulled up to William’s house. There was so many cars I was beginning to rethink going into the house. I left Rick in charge, and they all agreed not to go out. I didn’t want them running around unsupervised just yet. They all seemed in complete control, but I wasn’t sure. I wasn’t sure what was supposed to happen. Unfortunately, there wasn’t another one of me so that I could learn from their mistakes.
I walked up to the house and the vampire standing at the door immediately opened the door. I stepped in the entrance hall and Nicolai appeared in front of me. He pressed his mouth to mine and pushed me against the wall. I felt a fire ignite inside me. I wanted him so bad. I wanted to taste his blood. I was truly in love with Nicolai, even though we didn’t get along very well.
Someone cleared their throat and my anger surged through me. It was Alexander. He actually had the nerve to approach me. “What the fuck do you want?” I growled stepping in front of Nicolai.
Alexander grinned. “I was just checking in. It seems like you fell off the face of the earth after out little conversation.”
I advanced on him and Nicolai caught my arm. “We are here for peace, Isabella.”
I relaxed a little, but I still wanted to kill him. He didn’t know Rick and the others were alive and he was rubbing it in. “Stay away from me.”
He smiled and took a sip of his drink, and then walked off. Nicolai pulled me to him and pressed his lips to mine again. He broke the kiss after a few minutes. “Come upstairs with me.”
I nodded and let him lead me up to a private bedroom. Once inside, he pressed me to the door and kissed me. I realized how much I missed Nicolai. His hands on me made me less angry. 
He looked at me and caressed my face. “Where have you been?” 
I sighed and moved away from him. “Hiding from all this.”
There was a loud pounding on the door, and James came in the room. He looked furious and it only made my anger flare. He had no right to be furious with me. “I want their bodies!” Nicolai caught him around the waist.
I crossed my arms defiantly. “Because you cared so much right. You caused their death, and then you left them behind dying and in pain.” I wanted to hurt his feelings. I could’ve been nice and told him they were fine, but I rather he suffer.
“I made a fucking mistake! They deserve to be buried at home!” he hissed.
“Isabella, I don’t agree with what he did, but I do not understand why you’re holding their bodies,” Nicolai said looking concerned.
William came in the room and I rolled my eyes and sat down on the bed annoyed. I knew I shouldn’t have come, but I went against my better judgment. 
“I would like to know what you’re doing with the bodies as well,” William said dryly.
“Me three,” Alexander piped up smiling as he came into the room. I didn’t understand how he was suddenly a part of any of this.
I wanted to punch Alexander in the face so bad it was hard to stay in my seat. “What does it really matter?” I was trying to be difficult. 
Gabriel, Rita, Loki, Marcus, my mother, and father all filed in the room. This was getting ridiculous. I was beginning to think I was going to be the center of an intervention.
“Isabella, we are worried about you,” Loki said softly. 
I scowled. “Why are you all the sudden best buddies with the traitor and the supposed dreaded council?” I asked changing the subject.
William sighed. “It suits our interests to work together at this point. The council is on the warpath and at this point no one is safe. The vampires found to be going against the councils rule are being attacked and overthrown.”
“So why are you letting him in on everything. He is the council’s liaison and a liar. I refuse to give you any information so long as those two are involved,” I snapped indicating Alexander and James.
“This is not a game, Isabella. We need you on our side. You are the only thing we have against the council. They don’t know about you, and we need to keep it that way. So the vampire hunts need to end. You will be given volunteers to feed off of from now on,” Nicolai said firmly.
I rolled my eyes and looked at my finger nails. I was going to be difficult. I honestly didn’t know who I could trust. I was tired of trying to decide; so I wasn’t going to trust anyone. “What if I don’t want to join your crusade?” 
“Isabella, stop being difficult,” my mother growled stepping forward. “The council will come after Nicolai, William, and Alexander and you can’t act like you don’t care.”
“I don’t care about Alexander,” I growled.
“Ooh another woman that hates me, surprise, surprise,” Alexander said amused as he sipped his drink.
Loki smiled slightly. “Okay, so you want to protect two out of three that means you should cooperate.”
“Fine, I’ll quit hunting. What else can I do for you fine folks?” I asked condescendingly.
“I want the bodies,” James growled.
I looked at him annoyed. “No, next.” I looked at the others, ignoring him.
He started cussing and I knew I was getting on his nerves. It made me smile a little. I wanted to make him miserable like he made me.
Nicolai looked mildly alarmed. “Bella, we need to know why you won’t give up the bodies.”
I looked at him trying to decide what to tell them. If I told them it could put Rick, Matt, and Joseph in danger. If I didn’t tell them they would still be in danger because no one would know they needed protection. I stood up and paced annoyed. “There are no bodies, happy?”
Alexander scoffed. “No, what the hell happened to them?” 
I glared at him, and then looked away. I looked at Nicolai. “There are no bodies because they didn’t die.”
I had the entire room’s attention now. “What do you mean they didn’t die? I watched you kill them. Their injuries were irreversible,” James growled angrily.
I shrugged. “I turned them.” I sat back down on the bed.
The room went silent and they looked at each other and watched me. 
“Now this is getting interesting,” Alexander said amused.
“How?” William’s voice was barely audible. 
I shrugged. “I just did. It was my fault they got hurt. So I fixed it, now they are fine. A little rowdy, but fine.”
“You can’t turn a hunter and a pair of werewolves! Why do you think we should believe you?” James yelled.
“I’m not the fucking liar here!” I hissed standing.
“Isabella if you turned them, why didn’t you bring them?” Nicolai asked like he was trying to make sense of everything.
I scoffed. “I didn’t want anyone taking a shot at killing them because they are different,” I snapped.
Alexander smiled. “Oh that’s so cute, she’s protecting her fledglings.”
I glared at him. I really wanted to say screw peace and just knock the crap out of him. “They’re safe and that’s how I want them to stay,” I said softly looking at Nicolai.
“Isabella, what you are saying isn’t possible.” William was looking at me like I was insane.
“Let me guess you want to see them?” I asked annoyed.
James stepped forward. “Of course we do. That’s my brother and cousin you are holding hostage.”
“I’m not holding anyone hostage. They want to stay with me.” I was so tired of being treated like the monster. They were the ones who were betraying me and keeping things from me. I was the only honest one in the group.
“I highly doubt she’s holding them hostage,” Rita said, speaking for the first time. “You know what the bond is between a young fledgling and a master vampire.”
I decided to call them so they could tell them that I wasn’t holding them hostage in any way. I learned the mind trick a while ago, and I found it worked on them. “They’re on their way; ask them yourselves. I swear if anyone even makes an attempt to touch one of them, I will kill whoever it is.” I made a point to look at Alexander. I walked out of the room and down the stairs. The room was too crowded, and I wasn’t interested in being interrogated anymore.
I sat across the room on a set of stairs and watched everyone. The others came out of the room shortly after I did. They all took seats at their tables. Most of them kept their eyes on me especially Nicolai, William, and much to my annoyance Alexander.
There were several people wearing black, mourning Matt, Joseph, and Rick. They were about to get a surprise, and I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea. I knew none of them believed me in the room, but it was true and they would find out soon enough.
Rick sat down on one side of me and Joseph on the other. Matt sat behind me and put his arms around my shoulders and kissed my cheek. I smiled. “Have you guys been good?”
Joseph grinned. “Yep.”
The room went silent and I looked up. Everyone was watching us. Nicolai and William approached slowly. Alexander was trying to keep James under control as he lunged toward us. 
“Joseph! Matt!” James yelled pulling Alexander along with him as he hurried toward us. The entire room was filled with chattering voices and confusion.
I could feel Joseph recoil and I touched him. He looked at me and his expression softened a little. Matt tightened his grip on me as well.
“Everyone calm down,” William ordered and the room silenced slightly. “Rick, Matt, Joseph are you being held against your will?” 
Rick stood. “Are you insane?” I could feel the anger radiating off him. 
“She would never hurt us,” Joseph chimed in standing as well. I slowly got to my feet and Matt did as well. I wanted to be able to fight if I had to.
“Matt and Joseph you need to come home. Mother and Aunt Anna think you’re dead.” James was pleading with them. Alexander was still holding him, keeping him from getting any closer.
I felt a little bad. It was obvious he loved them. I was beginning to think maybe he really did make a mistake.
Joseph hesitated. “We aren’t werewolves anymore.”
“Yeah, we’re werevamps,” Matt chimed in happily.
Rick looked at James. “James, you of all people should know she would never hurt anyone. She didn’t have to go back to get them. They would’ve died alone and afraid if it wasn’t for her.”
“She made you into a monster,” a man said stepping forward. He was a hunter. I could tell by how he was dressed.
Rick’s eyes clouded. “I’m not a monster, father.”
I never met Rick’s family, and I was kind of glad if they thought vampires were monsters. They definitely wouldn’t have liked me at all.
The room erupted in yells again and I was starting to get uneasy. I was beginning to think I was the target of their anger. I didn’t think they would be so angry that their sons were alive. 
William started talking above the noise of the crowd. “Everyone please calm down. This is not a bad thing. The good thing is the boys are alive. I understand there is some apprehension as to how they were turned into vampires, but the point is they are alive.”
William whispered something to Nicolai and Nicolai hurried over to me. “Let’s go, all of you.”
I followed him up the stairs and into William’s office. Rick, Matt. And Joseph followed. Nicolai closed the door and looked at me. “You do understand what you’ve done right?” He seemed like he was angry and I didn’t understand why.
“I did what I had to. They were dying,” I snapped.
He growled annoyed. “I’m not questioning your intentions, Isabella. The worst things are done with good intentions. They’re not supposed to be vampires. You have created two new races in the matter of a couple days. That is not something you just brush off as normal!”
Rick spoke before I could. “I think you’re afraid of what she can do.”
Nicolai glared at him. “Damn right I am, and you should be too! Your people are hunters, and she can take them over if she wants!” 
I looked at Nicolai a little startled. I finally realized why they were all so uneasy. “You’re afraid I’ll become more powerful than the vampires aren’t you?” I could see why he would be worried. If I turned werewolves and hunters to my side, then the vampires would no longer be the top species. I could see why they would be concerned. I wondered why I never thought about it before. I never would’ve even considered doing it. Maybe it would happen whether it was intentional or not.
“I know it wouldn’t be intentional, but things can get out of control very quickly when you have power.” Nicolai took my hands and pressed his forehead to mine. He pressed his mouth to mine and I was lost in his kiss. 
“I wouldn’t put it past him to betray you again Bella. You know how he gets when he gets scared,” Rick was obviously annoyed that I was kissing Nicolai.
Nicolai glared at him. “It’s not your place to tell her what to do. She is your maker.”
Rick glared at him and balled his hands into fists, but didn’t speak.
Nicolai turned his attention back to me. “I don’t want to see you get hurt. Please stay here where I know you are safe. They will have a room as well.”
“I’m worried they will be hurt. I’ve already done so much to keep them safe.” I wanted to be with Nicolai, but I didn’t want Rick, Matt, or Joseph in danger. It seemed like anytime I was around this place something bad happened.
Joseph cleared his throat nervously. “I want to see my brother. If my family will still take me I want to see them too.”
“Me too, I miss my family. I don’t see why everything has to change,” Matt agreed.
I sighed. “I’m not going to make them do something they don’t want to. If they want to stay they can.”
They cheered and ran out of the room. They were probably going to find James. Hopefully, he would be nice to them. The thought of them getting hurt made me nervous, but I pushed it away.
Nicolai looked at Rick. “Don’t you have someone to bother?”
Rick glared at him, and then stormed out obviously realizing he was being dismissed. 
Nicolai turned his attention back to me. “I’m glad you’re back.”
I smiled. “I am too.” I pressed my lips to his and enjoyed his kiss. The door opened and Nicolai broke the kiss. I scowled when William and Alexander walked in.
“What’s the plan, Nicolai?” William asked sitting down behind his desk.
Nicolai glanced at me, and then turned his attention to William. “She’s going to stay here at the mansion. The boys will go home with James; and Rick will remain with us like he always has.”
Alexander smiled. “How are we going to keep the werevamps under wraps? The council will absolutely demolish us if they find out about this.”
I scoffed. “I can’t believe we are trusting you not to tell them.”
Alexander rolled his eyes. “I’m not going to tell, I promise.”
I didn’t trust him. I could tell Nicolai didn’t either, but Nicolai trusted William. I wished I could trust Nicolai, but I wasn’t sure if I could. I didn’t want to make the mistake of trusting them again; and then getting betrayed like I always did. 
William looked at me. “You have my word he won’t.” I wished it meant it meant something to me, but it didn’t.
I nodded. “I need to go check on Rick and the others.” I retreated from the room. I wanted to make sure Rick, Matt, and Joseph were okay. I wasn’t completely honest when I said I was okay with them going home. I was so worried something would happen to them; the feeling was almost overwhelming.
I turned the corner and Joseph and Matt were standing with James. I hesitated a little. I was considering turning and going the opposite direction. I really did not want to talk to James one on one. James hurt me to the point that I wasn’t sure if I would be able to trust anyone again. Before I could decide what to do, Joseph caught sight of me and rushed over to me. Matt followed closely behind like he always did.
“James said we can stay here with him; so we can be closer to you,” Joseph said excitedly.
I smiled slightly relieved, as I touched his arm. The closer they were to me the easier it would be for me to protect them. “I’m glad you will be nearby.”
Matt rested his head on my shoulder and I felt a sudden pang of regret. I wished I hadn’t told anyone about them. It wasn’t like I could just stay holed up in the crappy hotel with the three of them. We would have to find a way to survive together outside the protection of the hotel room.
James watched me cautiously. I could tell he wanted to talk to me, but he wasn’t sure what to say. “Hey guys, can you go find Rick. I think he’s a little upset.”
“No problem.” Matt took off running down the hall. Joseph followed suit and I was alone with James.
He watched me for a second not speaking. I didn’t speak either. I didn’t know what to say, or if I should even say anything at all. 
He finally broke the silence. “I never meant for things to get out of hand like it did.”
“I don’t understand how you saw any different outcome, and I really don’t understand why you would try to kill Rick.” I kept my tone emotionless. I was so angry, but I knew yelling and screaming would get me nowhere. 
He shook his head and ran his fingers through his hair nervously. “The boys got carried away. They were supposed to inflict pain not kill. It’s my fault because I shouldn’t have involved them.”
“Then make things right and keep them safe. People are going to be quick to judge them as monsters. They are good, and they won’t hurt anyone.” I was hoping he would listen. I needed as many people helping me take care of them as I could get. I was still learning my place, and now I was trying to help Rick, Matt, and Joseph find their place. It was all getting so complicated so very quickly. I was beginning to think my life was meant to be complicated and difficult.
“I will. I won’t make the same mistakes with them twice.” He hesitated like he wanted to say more. He glanced at someone behind me and I turned. Alexander approached, and I felt my guard go up. I really didn’t like him. I definitely didn’t like that James went quiet when he was around. I turned back toward James, but he was gone.
Alexander smiled. “I asked him to give us a minute.”
“I don’t want to spend a minute of my time talking to you.” I went to walk away.
He caught my arm and I met his lilac gaze. “It would be worth your while to speak with me. I do not intend to hide things from you and shelter you from this terrible world.”
I looked at him unsure. He was constantly changing his tune and I wasn’t sure whether I could trust him or not. My initial instinct was not to trust him, but something about him at least caught my attention. “Why should I trust you?” 
He smiled. “You shouldn’t. I am a horrible person and I will always do what is best for me and me alone. However, I am not a liar, and I do not hide my intentions like the others. If I intend to use you, I will tell you.”
He did make a point. He wasn’t acting one way then doing something completely different. He was what he was, and he didn’t hide his intentions. Nicolai and William made me uneasy because their intentions were never clear.
I sighed. “What do you want from me?”
“Simply to learn about you. In the process, I will help you understand some of your powers. I think you have great potential that has been ignored because of fear. I can help you recognize some of that potential.” He was smiling wickedly. 
I really didn’t like the way he smiled. He made me feel like I was being played. I was at least smart enough to keep my guard up when it came to him.
“What exactly do you get out of this?” I was considering at least talking to him. He seemed relatively powerful, and if he was open to telling me things the others wouldn’t that would only help me.
He looked as innocent as he could manage. “Nothing at this point, but you never know when an opportunity might present itself.”
The sound of footsteps distracted me. Alexander released his grip on my arm. Gabriel approached from the main hall. “Isabella, I need to speak with you.” Gabriel watched Alexander cautiously.
“Of course.” I walked toward him. I was slightly relieved to be away from Alexander. I followed Gabriel to the empty library. My mind was on Alexander’s proposition. I had to find a way to figure more out about myself. I hated stumbling onto things instead of knowing for sure I was capable of something.
Once we were alone, Gabriel turned to face me. “I want you to turn me.” He spoke quickly like he was speaking before he lost his nerve. 
I looked at him confused. “What?” I couldn’t think of anything else to say.
“I want to be a vampire. If you can turn me, I want you to,” he said quietly.
I was starting to get a little upset. That was a ridiculous idea. Gabriel was a hunter not a vampire. I didn’t want to just go around changing people just because I could. “Gabriel no, you don’t want this.”
“I do Bella. I can do so much more as a vampire then as just a hunter. Please do this for me.” He was pleading with me.
“I didn’t want to turn Rick, Joseph, or Matt. I didn’t have a choice. I’m not going to willingly turn you, Gabriel.” I was slightly horrified at the idea of turning Gabriel. He was a good man and a good hunter. He would lose his position and whatever remained of his family.
His expression darkened like I offended him. He pulled a dagger from the sheath on his belt. “Then I won’t give you a choice.”
I stepped toward him. He was going to try to kill himself so I wouldn’t have a choice. “Gabriel please don’t do this.”
The door opened and Nicolai came in. He looked from me to Gabriel. “What’s going on?” He was watching Gabriel cautiously.
“It’s none of your concern. It’s between Bella and me,” Gabriel snapped getting more upset.
“Nicolai, he is going to try to force me to change him.” I was starting to panic. I wasn’t sure how I did it the first time. I didn’t want pressure put on me to do it again.
“Gabriel, that is ridiculous. Your people need you as a hunter,” Nicolai said firmly.
“My people don’t give a shit about me! They never did! I want to be a vampire! I have always wanted to be a vampire! Now there is a way, please don’t deny me this Bella!” He was yelling and I was starting to get nervous. 
I had to stop him the only way to possibly stop him would be to tell the truth. “Gabriel, I have no clue how to do it. What I did with Rick was a chance. I wasn’t even sure if it was going to work. I just did it. If you hurt yourself I may not be able to change you.”
He looked at me for a minute as if he was trying to judge whether I was lying or not. “I don’t believe you.” 
Nicolai moved to stop him, but it was too late he plunged the knife into his chest. I closed my eyes. I was too horrified to look. Nicolai was cussing as he caught Gabriel as Gabriel fell to the floor bleeding.
“Isabella, you don’t have a choice now!” Nicolai yelled. He pulled the dagger from Gabriel’s chest and Gabriel moaned in agony.
I was frozen in place. I forced myself to move. I felt like I was moving in slow motion. I didn’t want to see another one of my friends bleeding. I didn’t want to sit through days of him moaning and crying hoping he would make it through, but he didn’t give me a choice. 
I knelt next to Nicolai and he handed me Gabriel. Gabriel looked at me terrified like he was regretting what he did. I caressed his cheek, and then bit my wrist like I did with the others. I pressed my wrist to his mouth and let my blood trickle in his mouth. He went limp in my arms like the others had.
Nicolai shifted nervously next to me. “Is that supposed to happen?” 
I shrugged. “It did with the others. He will be out for at least three days; at least the others were. I really don’t know; like I said I winged it the first time.” I was feeling a slight bit of panic unfurl inside me.
He touched me and I leaned into him. He kissed my head. “He will be fine. I’m sure of it. I wish he wasn’t so quick to make a rash decision like this.”
Nicolai stood and picked Gabriel up and waited at the door for me. I slowly got to my feet and opened the door for him. He carried him upstairs trying to avoid whoever he could. He went into one of the bedrooms and laid Gabriel on the bed. 
William came rushing in the room and I looked up at him still a little out of it. “What the hell happened?” William growled looking Gabriel over.
“He put a knife in his chest so she would change him. He knew she wouldn’t do it willingly so he forced her,” Nicolai said softly.
“Could this get any more complicated?” William snapped.
“I’m sorry, I tried to talk him out of it. I didn’t know what else to do!” I could feel my emotions starting to get the better of me. Tears rolled down my cheeks.
 Nicolai came to me and pulled me into a hug. “Shhh, it is ok Bella you did all you could.”
“I don’t want anyone to die,” I moaned giving in to my tears. I sobbed in Nicolai’s chest and he just held me and let me cry. I was trying so hard to keep everyone alive. The task was starting to wear on me, and I was almost ready to give up.
The door to the room opened and Rick came in. He came to me and I could tell it annoyed Nicolai when I embraced Rick. I was closer to Rick than any of the others. Rick was really the only one I completely trusted.
“I’m so sorry, Bella,” he whispered in my ear.
“I don’t know what to do.” Tears continued to roll down my cheeks. Rick made me look at him and I wanted to turn away.
“Do what you always do, be yourself.” Rick smiled as he wiped my tears away with his thumbs.
“Being myself is putting people at risk.” I finally gained control of myself.
Nicolai moved closer to me. “You just have to do the best you can do.”
It never seemed like my best was enough. There was always someone in danger and most of the time it was because of me. ‘I’m tired.” 
“I will take you to your room. I’m sure Rick won’t mind staying with Gabriel.” Nicolai looked at Rick.
I noticed Rick scowl at Nicolai. They never really liked each other. They liked each other even less now. I just nodded, not wanting to get involved in their spat.
Nicolai led me out of the room, and Rick stayed behind. Nicolai led me to a room four doors down. He opened the door and followed me in. I realized by the time he closed the door that it was his room. I was a little relieved because I really didn’t want to be alone.
He came to me and pressed his lips to mine. His kiss was deep and desperate. I tangled my fingers in his hair and enjoyed the taste of his mouth. His fang cut my lip, and the metallic taste of blood filled my mouth. He groaned and deepened the kiss when he tasted my blood. I felt a rush of air, and I was suddenly flat on my back on the bed with him posed over me. I smiled at his move as I pressed my mouth to his. I was lost in his kiss and for once everything didn’t seem as bad as it had before. He quickly pulled my shirt over my head and kissed the tops of my breasts. He bit my breast and I arched my back in ecstasy at his bite. He unclasped my bra and tossed it aside. He laid kisses all the way down my belly until he reached the waistline of my pants. He unbuttoned my jeans and slid them off. He moved over me and I quickly undressed him. His hard cock filled me, and I held him realizing how much I missed him. We were only apart a few days, but those days seemed like an eternity.

Chapter 26

I laid next to Nicolai. I watched him as he slept. He looked like he was out of a painting. He was perfect in every way. He didn’t have a single flaw. I sighed annoyed. I wished I could sleep. I would have given anything for just a few hours of sleep. As I laid there I could hear people passing. The noises of the house were driving me insane. 
I finally gave up on sleep around lunch. I got up and put my clothes on and slipped out of the room. I was careful not to wake Nicolai. He would just ask me to come back to bed. I made my way down the hall to Gabriel’s room. He was alone moaning and jerking in pain. I felt horrible and I wished he would’ve listened.
Someone changed him out of his bloody clothing. I crawled into bed with him and laid next to him. I was relieved when I realized his moaning and twitching calmed down at my touch. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. I wished he would just wake up, but I knew it wasn’t going to happen. It would be at least two days before he woke up.
The door opened and Alexander came in. I sat up and immediately got annoyed. “What are you doing in here?” I asked trying to control my tone.
He smiled obviously amused that he was able to annoy me so easily. “I saw you come in here, and I decided to come see if you would like company.” He sat down in a chair across from me. 
I was thinking about telling him I didn’t want his company, but I kept it to myself. I didn’t want to make William’s life any harder. If William was working so hard toward peace I might as well try too. “Why are you even awake?”
He shrugged and acted like he was picking a piece of lint off his shirt. “Same reason as you, I suppose. The current events have given me a lot to think about, and they have made me very uneasy.”
I scoffed. “Tell me about it. I’m ready to go somewhere desolate and go into hiding.”
He laughed. “That will not solve anything. Believe me, I have tried the hiding thing. It never works out well. You end up with more trouble than you began with.”
I sighed as I ran my hand over Gabriel’s chest. “I already have more problems than I need.”
He smiled. “You can handle it. I am curious as to how you stumbled upon your abilities.”
I watched him for a second wondering how much I should tell him. “I met Loki, Marcus, and Nicolai at their club. I was normal for a while; and then I got mad at Nicolai one night and everything changed.”
He watched me for a second. “Your parents, Marion and Christophe, didn’t tell you who you are?” 
I shook my head. “No, and believe me, it could’ve helped me if they had. I wouldn’t have run into so many problems. Maybe I would know a little more about myself.” I was trying not to get too annoyed about the fact that my parent’s didn’t think I needed to know my origins.
He smiled slightly. “Maybe, then again, your life could have been an even bigger disaster than it is.”
I scowled. “My life isn’t a disaster. It’s a little chaotic, but it will calm down.” I was trying not to sound like I was pouting. I hoped my life would calm down. I wasn’t sure how long I would be able to withstand the constant upheaval my life had been.
He smiled. “Whatever you say darling. Would you like to join me downstairs for a drink?” 
I thought about it for a second, and then nodded. “I suppose I could do that.” I slowly got to my feet.
He stood up and I followed him out of the room and down the stairs. He reminded me of William except he wasn’t as reserved as William was. He walked to the mini bar in the parlor downstairs and began making us both drinks. He offered me a drink and I took it.
“Do you regret being a vampire?” I asked quietly as I watched him.
He glanced at me, and then looked away. “I have some regrets, then again I would have missed out on a lot if I wasn’t one. I am very old, and it wasn’t as fun in my time as it is now.”
“You aren’t tired of living so long?” One of my biggest fears was what would happen if I lived forever like vampires did. It seemed like such a long time when I thought about it. The past few weeks had been chaos. I couldn’t imagine that happening for the rest of my life; which would technically be forever.
He laughed like I said something funny. “I don’t really think about it. It’s kind of like asking a human if they regret having the lifespan they do. They don’t really think of life and plan on dying young. They hope to live life to its fullest and live until an old age.”
I sighed. “I suppose that makes sense. I would just think after a while life would get … I don’t know tedious.” I spun the small glass in my hand.
“It is never tedious, and it is never boring. There is always something to do, somewhere to go. You just worry too much because you are thinking the rest of your life as a vampire will be like what the past few days has been. That is really not the case. You will eventually find your place.” He spoke as if it was no big deal at all.
I looked at him wondering how he was so optimistic. “What if I don’t find my place?” 
He shrugged. “Then you, like many others before you, will die. I highly doubt that will be the outcome for you though. You are well loved and you are very stubborn.”
I smiled. “What about the council? Will they come after me?”
He watched me for a second. “It is inevitable. However, they are not as smart as they think they are.”
I decided to question him while he was being agreeable. “Who exactly is the council?”
He shrugged. “Nothing but a bunch of older vampires who feel they have imminent rule because they were here first.”
“Older than you?” I was getting a little worried at the prospect of fighting a vampire that was older than Alexander and William. So far they were the oldest I had met.
He laughed. “Not necessarily, just far more entitled.”
“Why aren’t you on the council then?” I could tell he was starting to get annoyed at my questions. I had a lot of questions and it was difficult for me to find anyone that would willingly answer them.
He looked at me and then smiled wickedly. “You, my dear, have a lot of questions. Perhaps I should request payment for all the answers I am providing you.” As he spoke he walked toward me, stopping only inches from me.
I felt my pulse race at the closeness. He was very imposing and I never realized it until he was close to me. I hated the giddy feeling I was getting. It seemed so childish at this point. I was beginning to think it was from a lack of sleep and the alcohol. 
He smiled as he caressed my cheek. “You blush like a young girl. I see you haven’t completely lost your human side.”
His voice and his touch were a little overwhelming. I felt like I had been shocked and my body was humming. I wasn’t sure if it was my own mind or something he was doing to me. I was finding it hard to focus long enough to reply in any way. 
“I should go back to my room.” I was trying to evade his flirtatious advances.
His smiled widened and I knew in a way he was making fun of me. “You should have learned by now our fancies are fleeting. As vampires we do not hold our lovers with the binds that humans hold their lovers with. We are free to love who we want when we want. It would be tedious to be with the same person for lifetimes.”
I could barely hold his gaze. “I’ll remember that.” I turned and hurried away from him. He made me uneasy and giddy all at the same time. I was starting to get annoyed at the fact that men were easily distracting me. I didn’t need any more men in my life. I especially didn’t need Alexander in my life.
I hurried back upstairs and climbed back in bed with Nicolai. I was going to try to focus harder on my relationship with him. I loved him and despite everything I had done, he was sticking by me.

Chapter 27

I woke up and I was alone. It was well after dark, and I really didn’t want to get up. I could hear everything going on beyond my door and the prospect of going out there was even less appealing. I needed to check on Gabriel. I also wanted to make sure Rick and the others were okay. 
I slowly got out of bed and showered. I was relieved to find that Nicolai had clothes brought for me. I stepped out of the room and made my way toward Gabriel’s room. Everything had definitely come to life after the sun set. There were vampires and werewolves everywhere. Most of them scurried out of my way like I was an infectious disease. In a way, it bothered me that they avoided me, but it was also a good thing because I didn’t want to be bothered.
I went into Gabriel’s room and Rita was there. She was obviously checking on him. The witches seemed to also be the doctors around here. “Good evening, Isabella.” Her tone was a little distant. I never got the feeling she liked me. Most of the time, I believed it was because Rick was fond of me. Another part of me wanted to blame it on the fact that I was a monster. I tried to push that part of me away as much as I could. From what I understood, my family at some point had come from a line of witches.
“Hi Rita. How is he?” I asked trying to sound cheerful.
She shrugged. “He seems to be in pain, but he hasn’t woken up. I’m afraid to do anything for him. I don’t want to counter act anything that is going on.”
I nodded. “It was like this with the others. It was not something I wanted to experience again so soon.” I sat down on the bed next to him and brushed the golden curls out of his face.
“At least they have the luck of having a maker that actually cares. Most vampires don’t get such a soft introduction to this world.” She started folding the bed linen.
I scowled. “I wish I didn’t have to have this responsibility. I don’t even know what I’m doing half the time. How am I supposed to keep up with young vampires?” 
“You will find a way,” she said softly; and then walked out.
I sighed and looked down at Gabriel. If only the men in my life weren’t such pains like him. The door opened and Rick came in. He looked furious. He didn’t immediately speak he just paced back and forth.
I kept my eyes on him. “Is everything ok Rick?” 
“No! I’m tired of this bullshit. I’m tired of being treated like shit because I’m a young vampire. I happen to be very strong and very in control!” He was yelling, but I knew he wasn’t angry at me. He was just venting. I felt the same way sometimes. Nicolai, William, and Alexander made a point to make it clear that they were older and wiser.
“It will get better, I promise. Like everyone tells me, you just have to find your place.” I was trying to sound reassuring.
He scoffed and shoved his hand through his hair in annoyance. “I’m hungry and I don’t want a volunteer. It’s not the same as hunting.” He sounded like he was pouting. I was beginning to think he was being difficult because he was in a bad mood. 
I walked over to him and hugged him. “I know it sucks right now, but it will get better.”
He scoffed. He was determined to stay in a foul mood. “This sucks,” he muttered.
I giggled and squeezed him tighter. “You can hunt me,” I offered playfully.
He grinned at me and I realized how much I loved it when he smiled. “You’re cute.”
I grinned. “I’ll even go hide, or I can act like an unsuspecting person walking in the park.”
He watched me for a second. “That sounds interesting.”
I smiled and walked out of the room. He followed me as I walked toward the garden. Once I made it outside, I took off running through the garden. I could hear him chasing me and it excited me. I slowed down so he could catch up. He tackled me and I squealed as he threw me to the ground and bit my neck. He was rougher than he would normally be, but he was excited. He drank greedily and I relaxed in his arms. 
I was close to passing out when he was suddenly ripped away from me. Nicolai threw him up against a tree. I was a little disoriented, and it took me a minute to respond. “Nicolai no!” I growled as I attempted to get to my feet.
Nicolai hesitated and looked at me. “He attacked you!”
I tried to calm down. I knew Nicolai was just worried about me. “I let him. He isn’t hurting me.”
Rick was sitting on the ground near the tree scowling up at Nicolai. “I would never hurt her.”
“You aren’t supposed to let him have so many liberties, Isabella. You’re supposed to teach him not play with him!” Nicolai said angrily.
It was my turn to scowl. “How am I supposed to teach him anything when no one will teach me? I told you I’m winging everything I’m doing!” 
Before he could respond, someone cleared their throat. We both looked over at William. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but we need to talk.”
Nicolai looked worried. He could obviously tell by William’s tone something was wrong. “What happened?” Nicolai glanced at me as he spoke.
William sighed. “The council knows about Bella. They have requested an audience with her.”
“No!” Nicolai said sounding panicked.
“I know it is not ideal, but we do not have a choice unless we wish to cause an all-out war,” William said trying to reason with Nicolai.
“Then we will go to war!” Nicolai snapped.
“No! No war!” I said quickly cutting Nicolai off.
William watched me for a second. “It is possible they will try to kill you if you go.”
Rick stood up. “She’s not going!” It was the first and probably only time I would see Rick and Nicolai agree.
“A war would cause more than just my death. I would rather take the chance and go then have all my friends end up dead.” I was getting annoyed because everyone seemed to think they could tell me what to do.
Nicolai glared at me. “Going to your death isn’t the answer either.”
“You know it is possible they won’t kill her.” Alexander came out of the shadows.
Nicolai’s eyes blazed with anger. “This is your doing!” He advanced on Alexander. I thought Nicolai was just going to threaten Alexander, but he swung at him and caught Alexander across the chin. Alexander barely moved from the hit. I was a little startled that it didn’t faze him.
He recoiled to hit Nicolai. I knew Nicolai wouldn’t withstand Alexander’s hit like Alexander had Nicolai’s. Alexander was much older and much stronger. “No! Alexander don’t!” I cried out as I pressed my body to his trying to prevent him from swinging at Nicolai.
Alexander looked at me obviously startled by my brazenness, but he didn’t swing at Nicolai. “He’s just upset.” I looked up at Alexander. 
Alexander glanced up at Nicolai, and then back at me. “I didn’t say anything to the council about you,:
“I believe you.” I looked at Nicolai. “Nicolai fighting with each other isn’t going to change anything.”
Nicolai scowled. “How could you just act like he wasn’t a part of this? Last night you hated him. Now you’re his friend?” Nicolai sounded both angry and confused.
He was right. I couldn’t make up my mind about who I loved and who I hated. I thought I hated Alexander, but after talking to him I decided he wasn’t as bad as I thought. “My feelings are not up for debate right now. We have to focus on the issue at hand.” I was hoping to change the subject.
“She is right. Fighting will not solve anything. We need a plan,” William said trying to sound reasonable.
“It is simple. I will take her to see the council. They will not hurt her.” Alexander sounded sure of himself.
Nicolai stepped forward. “You don’t know that!” 
I stepped closer to Nicolai to prevent him from swinging at anyone else. “Nicolai, I refuse to start a war. I’ve done everything in my power to keep my friends safe. There is no way I’m intentionally going to cause a situation that may lead to my friend’s deaths. Not after all I’ve done to keep everyone safe.”
He watched me for a second. He didn’t look happy about it, but I was beginning to think he was seeing our point of view. He had friends he wanted to keep safe just as much as I did. He had to feel something for Loki. He created Loki. Rick, Matt, Joseph, and now Gabriel were important to me because I made them. “I will not agree with this, but I will stand by your decision.”
“Thank you.” I kissed his cheek. I turned back toward Alexander and hoped he was being honest. “Where do we have to go?” 
He smiled. “Not as far as you think. We have an appointment for tomorrow night.”
I nodded. I didn’t want to cause any more problems by asking him why he already agreed to an appointment. I was wondering if he knew me that well. He knew I would do whatever I could to prevent a war.
Rita came into view catching everyone’s attention. She looked at me. “Gabriel is awake and he’s asking for you.”
I nodded and hurried past her and back toward the house. The situation in the garden had gotten tense. It would be nice to take a break and talk to Gabriel. I intended to talk to him about his stunt. I was also trying to figure out why he woke up a day earlier than the others.
I walked into Gabriel’s room. He was sitting on the bed with his head in his hands. He looked up at me when I came in and relief washed over his face. “Bella, I’m scared.” He sounded panicked.
I looked at him confused, as I sat down next to him. “Why?” 
He embraced me and I held him. I knew he was probably hungry. “I just feel weird. I don’t feel as confident or strong as I did. I thought I would feel better than I did, not worse.”
“It will get better.” I wasn’t sure what else to say. The others had woken up disoriented, but not upset. This was new for me.
Nicolai walked in the room. “You were independent, now you’re relying on Bella.”
Gabriel looked at him confused. “I don’t understand.” He glanced at me, confusion marred his pretty face.
Nicolai sighed. “You are worried she’s angry with you for what you did. That’s probably where most of your insecurity is coming from. Before you didn’t need to seek approval, now it will be a part of who you are because you have a maker. It’s normal. You will eventually adjust.”
I looked at Gabriel. “Other than that do you feel okay?” I brushed his hair out of his face.
He nodded. “I’m hungry.”
Rick came into the room. “I’ll feed him.”
I would’ve liked to volunteer, but Rick already fed on me. I wasn’t sure how much more blood loss I could take before it was too much.
“Excellent, Isabella a word?” Nicolai asked firmly watching me.
I nodded and stood. I left the room and Nicolai followed.
“Are you insane?” he hissed once we were alone.
“You have to be more specific,” I said dryly.
“Trusting Alexander. He tried to kill your beloved Rick, and you’re just going to walk into the vampire council with him?” He sounded furious and I was trying to come up with the best approach to calm him down.
I couldn’t think of anything. All I could do was be honest. “I won’t let another person get hurt or die because of me. I don’t know how much more of this I can take. I would rather go and die. I just want to get it over with instead of living forever in hiding.”
He looked a little stunned. “You’re on a suicide mission. Why do you insist on dying?” 
I scowled. “I don’t. It just so happens that a lot of people think I shouldn’t be alive.”
He threw his hands in the air like he was giving up. “Fine, go, follow Alexander. I can guarantee you will not be coming back.” He sounded both pained and angry as he spoke.
I sighed and looked away. “I have to take that chance. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if someone got hurt because of me; especially if that someone was you.”
He looked at me for a second, and then rushed forward and kissed me aggressively. He was just as scared as I was, and for the first time I didn’t feel like I was so different from him. “Let’s run. We can leave all of this behind forget about everything.” He was pleading with me, and right now it sounded like such a good idea, but I knew I would never be able to leave everyone else. I really wished I could, but I knew I never would.
I sighed. “I wish I could.”
He closed his eyes looking defeated. “I’m going with you then.”
“No!” That horrible fear I had at the thought of something happening to Nicolai was back. I felt it one time before when he put the dagger through his heart, and I never wanted to feel it again. That feeling alone would kill me for sure.
He scowled. “You expect me to just let you leave with Alexander as your only backup?”
I nodded. “I don’t think he will betray me.” I couldn’t explain why I thought he wouldn’t betray me. Maybe I was as naïve as Nicolai thought. I hadn’t exactly been the best judge of character. James fooled me once on Alexander’s command.
“I’m not going off what you think. For some reason, you make decisions based off what your heart feels. You need to start using you fucking head Isabella!” He was back to being furious and I was trying not to add to it by making snide comments back at him. Some could say I was an idiot for being with him especially with how we met and how he treated me, but I did it anyway.
I sighed. “Fine you can come with me if you want.” If he was going to be difficult I would make him think he could go. I was going to find a way around taking him with me. I was sure Alexander could come up with something.
He nodded obviously relieved that I gave in. “I’ll go make plans. I want to be as prepared as possible.” He still sounded grumpy. He marched off toward William’s office.
I was going to have to find a way around him if he was going to be difficult. I walked back toward the garden hoping to run into Alexander. Hopefully he would come up with something that would keep Nicolai out of harm’s way.

After asking several people, I finally found Alexander. He was in one of the many parlors feeding on some bimbo human girl. She was completely unaware of the fact that she was someone’s dinner.
He looked up at me and smiled when I came in the parlor. “Ah Isabella, what can I do for you?”
“I need to go to the council without Nicolai following.” I got straight to the point. 
He smiled. “That is going to be difficult. Nicolai is persistent to say the least.”
I nodded. “I know, but he’s also irrational when it comes to me and I don’t want him getting killed.”
He watched me for a second, and then pushed the girl off of his lap and stood up. “He doesn’t actually know where the council is because they move around quite a bit. The liaisons are the only ones who know their location at all times. Our problem is going to be getting away from him and keeping him from tracking you.”
I looked at him confused. “How can he track me?” He didn’t make me. I did get mad at him and I turned because of him, but he didn’t actually make me. 
Alexander smiled. “You’re his lover. He can easily track you. Vampires have a tendency to want to possess things especially things they are close to. I have no doubt he has bitten you quite often to make sure there is a link between you and him.”
The fact that Nicolai bit me simply to track me annoyed me a little. He did make a point to bite me every time we were together. I was wondering if it was simply one of his tactics, or if he enjoyed biting me, and it just had perks. I decided to go with the second option. The first one just made me mad. “How do I block him then?”  I wasn’t sure if I wanted to know.
Alexander looked even more amused like I asked exactly what he wanted me to. “It’s simple really. You let a stronger vampire feed on you. It will automatically block him.”
That wasn’t really what I wanted to hear, but somehow I knew it was what he was going to say. “Won’t he know another vampire bit me?”
He nodded. “Of course he will eventually. The minute he tries to track you he will know, and I’m sure he will be furious because that is how Nicolai is. That is why I suggest you don’t have it done until you are ready to leave.”
“Who can do it? Who is stronger than Nicolai?” I knew William and Alexander were both stronger but neither seemed appealing. William would tell Nicolai and I didn’t trust Alexander enough to let him bite me.
“Me or William and if you wish to keep Nicolai in the dark I would suggest me.” He was enjoying my predicament way too much. I was beginning to think I was playing right into his hands. I still wasn’t sure about him. I wanted to believe he wanted to help me, but I was beginning to think he was helping himself.
“How do I know I can trust you?” I asked softly watching him.
He suddenly appeared in front of me. One second he was across the room the next he was inches from my face. “I think you already know you can.” He ran his finger down my cheek.
I suddenly felt very nervous. There was something about the way he spoke that made me uneasy. He tangled his fingers in my hair. I wanted to move out of his reach, but I was caught in his lilac gaze. He exposed my neck and sank his fangs into my neck. Heat surged through me. I felt a sudden, overwhelming lust for him. It had to be his bite. I was finding it hard to fight the feeling. I could feel his hands on me as he drank slowly. Visions of us together hit me hard. Our body’s burning with lust tangled together. Everything felt so real even though I knew it wasn’t. I cried out as an orgasm tore through me sending a wave of intense pleasure over me. He cried out surprised. He released my neck like he felt what I did. I suddenly came back to my senses. I was sagging in his arms. Blood ran down his chin and his lilac eyes were blazing with lust. 
“I think the real thing would be as good as the fantasy,” he whispered excitedly.
I pressed my lips to his and kissed him aggressively. I wanted him, I needed him. I kept trying to talk myself out of it. He was nothing but trouble and the feelings I had weren’t real. He created them, but I couldn’t make myself care. I just wanted to feel him and to taste him.
I pushed him backwards onto the couch. The girl obviously sensing she wasn’t needed anymore hurried out. A small groan escaped his lips as I sank my fangs into his neck. He tasted so good. I moaned in ecstasy as I slowly drank savoring him. I released his neck and covered his lips with mine. I tore his shirt open exposing his beautiful chest. His eyes were clouded. He was just as caught up in the lust as I was. I went to unbuckle his pants and he caught my hands. 
“No.” His voice was strained like he didn’t really want to say no, but he was saying it anyway.
“I want you please, Alexander,” I begged running my hands over his chest. I pressed my mouth to his again, trying to encourage him. His cock was hard and ready I didn’t understand why he was postponing.
He laughed lightly. “I can’t. I refuse to be one of your toys.”
I looked at him confused. “You wanted this. You made me feel this way.” I was getting slightly annoyed. He was being a tease and I didn’t like it.
His smile widened. “Darling, that wasn’t me.”
I looked at him confused. I was sure he made me see all those things when he bit me. “What do you mean? You made me see things you made me release.”
He continued to smile and I was getting slightly embarrassed. “Darling, you did all that. Believe me I am not complaining. I have to say release without sex is a first for me, but I could get used to it.”
I looked at him horrified. Suddenly it wasn’t as good of an idea as it had been when I thought it was his doing. I wasn’t sure if I believed it was me. The idea of sex with Alexander came to mind a time or two lately, but I didn’t think it would go this far. I moved off of him watching him cautiously. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, and then hurried out of the room.
I walked quickly until I found the library. The library was empty and it would give me time to think without being distracted by another guy.

I sat against one of the book shelves reading. I found a book about vampires. As I read I was beginning to think it was true. It had been almost three hours and I hadn’t been bothered. The earlier events of the evening were still haunting me. 
The door suddenly opened and Gabriel came storming in. “There you are. Everyone is looking for you.”
I knew Alexander knew where I was. I let him bite me. He was obviously giving me my space. Unfortunately I had been found. “Why?”
“Nicolai said you were going to the council tomorrow night.” It was obvious he was upset. 
I nodded and looked back at my book. “I am.”
“No, you can’t!” He went to his knees next to me. 
I looked at him confused. He was obviously upset over the whole thing. “Why not?”
“They will kill you; and then who will take care of us?” He was panicking. It was a little confusing because none of the others worried about me taking care of them.
I looked at him slightly worried. “Gabriel, you can take care of yourself. You don’t need me.”
“No!” He grasped my hands and I could see the fear in his eyes. “You can’t leave me yet. I don’t know anything. I don’t know what to do.”
He was really beginning to confuse me. He was so different than the others, and I didn’t know why. “Gabriel, I told you before you stabbed yourself that I didn’t even know what I needed to do to turn you. I don’t understand what you’re expecting me to give you.”
He moved closer to me and embraced me. He buried his face in my neck. I put my arms around him. He was shaking and I was beginning to think he was crying. He was really starting to bug me. This was not the Gabriel I had known. Gabriel the hunter was much stronger and much more brutal than Gabriel the vampire.
The door opened again and Nicolai came in. He saw Gabriel and rolled his eyes. “Isabella, I need to speak with you.”
I nodded. “Gabriel, why don’t you go and find Rick? He will be able to help you.” Rick seemed like he was more capable of handling Gabriel than I was. I had no clue what to do with him.
He nodded and quickly got to his feet and left leaving me with Nicolai. “Why are you sleeping with Alexander?”
I sighed. “Who said I was?” I wasn’t really in the mood to fight over relationships when we had bigger issues with the council.
“No one has to say anything. I can tell you let him bite you. Most of the men who bite you also bed you,” he snapped.
I watched him for a second. “I haven’t slept with Alexander, and I’m not going to argue with you about it. I have more problems than I need right now.”
He scowled. “If you attempt to leave without me tomorrow, I will find you believe me. I am no an idiot, Bella. I go where Alexander goes. You think I’m tracking you and I’m not. I will find him.” He turned and stormed out.
I groaned and closed the book. He wasn’t going to make this easy at all. I got up and went to find Alexander. It was early morning and I was hoping he was still awake. I found him near the mini bar. 
“I need to go by myself. Nicolai is watching you. Tell me how to find the council.” I was determined to get this over with. I would leave now if I had to.
He looked a little annoyed, and I was sure I was going to have to fight him. “Absolutely not. If I am not there to protect you; you will be tortured, and then killed.”
“I can’t let Nicolai get hurt!” I yelled angrily.
“And I refuse to let you die; so I guess we are at an impasse!” he countered. I scowled as I crossed my arms and stared at him. He smiled. “You may think I am a cold hearted bastard who wants nothing but power, but you are wrong. I care more than you know. I especially care about who gets ahold of you.”
“Why? Why do you care so much?” I asked trying to figure out whose side he was on.
He watched me, looking mildly amused. “You really don’t understand how powerful you are do you?” 
“All I have done is put others in danger. Please just let me go,” I pleaded.
He sighed. “No, but we can leave now. If we get ahead of Nicolai then maybe we will out run him.”
He walked around the bar. I followed him out of the house and to his car. “How far is it?” 
He smiled. “Not far at all. I doubt they will see us immediately, but we can at least get there. They will give us a room, and then see us tomorrow night as planned.”
I nodded. The ride was tense and I stayed quiet. I was just hoping no one would follow especially not Nicolai. Alexander put classical music on. It was actually slightly relaxing. I watched him trying to figure out whether I should trust him or not. What was scaring me the most was the fact that I was inclined to trust him even though I had been warned against doing so.

After almost two hours of driving Alexander was in Raleigh. He pulled into an underground garage downtown. Everything looked normal. I thought it would’ve been a place hidden in the middle of nowhere, not a skyscraper in the middle of the city.
He parked and climbed out of the car. I didn’t move immediately. I was too nervous. Alexander came to my door and opened it. I climbed out and he smiled at me. 
He didn’t seem as nervous as I felt. “Come on, I am sure everything will be fine.” He offered me his arm.
I took his arm and let him lead me to the elevator. He hit the button for the top floor and punched in a security code. The elevator began to move. I stomach did a flip flop. I wasn’t sure how smart it was to be going into the council with just Alexander as my ally. 
The elevator doors opened and we stepped out into a huge reception area. The place was vacant. The place obviously wasn’t used like a normal business. At least it wasn’t decorated like it was.
He walked to a set of double doors and punched another code in. I followed him in the room and he was greeted by a woman in a bright red dress.
“Alexander it has been a while,” She said flirtatiously as she kissed his cheek.
He gave her his usual charming smile. “Yes, Claudia; it has. We are here to see the council. I know we are early but perhaps you can give us a room until this evening?” 
She looked me over and her expression wasn’t friendly at all. “One room or two?” 
He smiled, slightly amused. “One please.”
She glanced at me one more time, and then turned on her heel and walked down the hall. Alexander followed the woman and she opened a door. “I will get you when they are ready,” she said haughtily and marched off.
Alexander led me into the room and shut the door. The room was ornately decorated. There was only one huge bed. It really didn’t matter I knew I wasn’t going to be able to sleep. Alexander went straight for the bar. “Relax Bella, everything will be fine.”
I sat on the couch. “How are you so sure?” 
“I have faith they will see what I do. You are worth much more alive than dead.” He handed me a drink.
“What made you change your mind?” I was curious now. He wanted to kill me at one time; and then he changed his mind for some reason.
He shrugged. “I’m not sure. I just did, and I know they will. We should get some rest.”
I scoffed. “I’m not going to be able to sleep.”
He offered his hand and smiled. “I said rest not sleep.”
I looked at him nervously, and then took his hand. He pulled me to him and pressed his lips to mine taking me by surprise. His kiss was aggressive and playful. I was trying to talk myself out of kissing him, but my body was making things difficult. I wanted him and I hated it.
I pulled away. “I shouldn’t.”
He wouldn’t release my hand, and he still had the playful smile on his lips. “What if this is your last few hours alive. Wouldn’t you want to spend it having fun?”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “You said the council wouldn’t hurt me.”
He smiled. “I said I had high hopes that they wouldn’t. I never promised they wouldn’t.”
I sighed and turned away from him. “Still, I’m not going to let you distract me. We need to come up with a plan so I don’t end up dead.”
He pulled me up against him so my back was against his chest. I felt my heart race in excitement. I hated that he had this effect on me. “You have to trust me, Bella. No matter what happens you have to believe I have not betrayed you.” The way he spoke made me incredibly nervous.
I opened my mouth to speak. He moved quickly and a sharp pain radiated through my chest. He was holding a long thin dagger. He had plunged it into my chest. The pain was sharp, and I couldn’t catch my breath. 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. He covered my mouth with his hand and shoved the dagger deeper in my chest. My cries were muffled by his hand. He betrayed me … I would never see Nicolai or the others again.

Book 2 in The Dark Love Vampire Series is available on all major platforms. For more from this author visit www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella or visit www.ellapricebooks.com

