

The Lawman
(The Willow Creek Series #1)
by
Lily Graison





* * * *
The Lawman
Copyright © 2011 by Lily Graison
2nd Edition

Published by Lily Graison at Smashwords

Cover art by Lily Graison
Copyediting by Rahab Mugwanja, E-Book Formatting Fairies
* * * *


Book Description




On the run from her ex-lover…

Jilted by a no-show husband…

And now mistaken for a whore in the Diamond Back Saloon…

Abigail Thornton doesn’t think things can get any worse. That is until a single slap to a man’s face starts a barroom brawl that lands her in the last place she expected to be.

Town Marshal Morgan Avery wants nothing more than to wash away the trail-dust and sleep for a week, preferably with a soft, willing woman by his side. Instead, he gets Abigail Thornton – all one hundred pounds of her thrust at him seconds before a fist connects with his face. Breaking up the fight takes more effort than he wants to admit and when the last man falls he finds Abigail still standing and not looking the least bit contrite.

Throwing her into the town jail for the night would salve his wounded pride and then he will let her go. Or that was the plan. When morning comes he finds himself oddly reluctant to do so. Miss Thornton is hiding something and he aims to find out what, even if he has to bed her to do so. But will one night in her bed be enough?


Chapter One





Willow Creek, Montana Territory, 1869

Walking into a saloon in broad daylight wasn’t the smartest thing she’d ever done, but what choice did she have?
Bold red letters scrawled onto a piece of wood hung by the saloon door. "No Ladies Allowed," it read, the rope holding it in place so frayed the entire thing hung at an odd angle. Abigail ignored the warning and approached the building, glancing down the wooden boardwalk in both directions to see if anyone was watching her. No one was. The residents of Willow Creek were hustling about, minding their own business, and she preferred it that way. The less attention she drew to herself, the better off she was. Placing a hand on the swinging door of the saloon she leaned up on her toes and peeked over the top, taking a look inside.
Tables were scattered around the room, most of them covered in green baize. Men sprawled around the gaming tables while a few more stood leaning against the ornate bar that spanned the entire left hand wall. The largest mirror she’d ever seen hung behind it, giving her a glimpse of the back of the room. A piano stood along the far right wall, a man sitting behind it pinging out tinny notes in a lively tune.
A staircase was situated near the piano and a glance up showed a balcony surrounding the main room. A number of doors were seen at the top, all closed. The sign by her left shoulder wasn’t entirely correct, she realized, as she saw the women who lingered at the top of the stairs. There were women inside the Diamond Back Saloon but calling them ladies would have been a stretch. Their bright sateen dresses were more revealing than Abigail’s underclothes and that, along with the faded feathers in their hair, gave her the impression of colorful birds. The term “Soiled Dove” came to mind and Abigail knew now where the phrase had surely originated.
The men inside the establishment ranged from dusty cowpokes to those of a more upscale lifestyle. They all shared one common attribute, with their hard liquor in hand and the attention they showed the women lingering around the room. The men inside the Diamond Back hadn’t a care in the world, it seemed. Unlike herself. Would she make things worse by venturing inside?
Abigail turned and walked back to the edge of the wooden walkway, looking at what the residents of Willow Creek considered a town. A rickety row of buildings ran on both sides of the muddy road. The Imperial Hotel caught her attention. From the whitewashed walls and colorful curtains, it stood out amongst the other buildings. In a place as small and out of the way as Willow Creek, the hotel was indeed the fanciest thing around. The name suited it. She longed to walk inside the door and find out just how grand it was. Maybe get a room and spend the rest of the evening doing nothing but relaxing in a tub of hot, clean water and eating until her belly wouldn’t hold anymore. The remaining funds resting in the bottom of her reticule gave a small “ting” when she bounced it against her leg. She’d be lucky to have enough coins to buy her supper. Glancing at the Stagecoach station, she wondered if the food offered there was cheaper than she knew the hotel’s fare would be.
It made little difference. One meal wouldn’t solve her problems. The only thing she could do was walk into the saloon and find the only man who could help her, assuming he would.
She turned and straightened her spine, giving the wide saloon doors a brief glance before marching forward. A small push on the swinging doors was all it took to grant her entrance and once she stepped inside to the tobacco juice strewn sawdust floor, she regretted her decision. Every person in the room turned to look at her. The piano music stopped, the clatter of glasses and chitchat came to an abrupt halt. Abigail sucked in a breath, raised her chin and turned to the bar, making her way toward it and ignoring the stares the patrons were giving her.
“You shouldn’t be in here.” The deep baritone of the bartender slashed at her composure but she ignored him as the music and laughter once again started.
“I’m in need of assistance,” she said, adding a smile to try and gain his favor.
“Unless you’re looking for a job I can’t help ya.” He sat the glass in his hand down and draped the towel he’d used to try and clean it with over his shoulder. The ungentlemanly leer he threw at her would have earned any other man a slap across his daring face. She wasn’t about to try it with this one. Besides, the last man she’d slapped was still chasing her.
The bartender grinned and gave her another assessing glance. Abigail could tell by the look on his face he’d jumped to the wrong conclusion. “We can always use new girls around here.” He grinned, his thick mustache curling up as his mouth moved. “I’m sure the boys would make you a rich woman in no time.”
Ribald laughter from the men standing at the bar followed his comment and caused Abigail’s face to burn hot. She knew her skin had turned blotchy without even looking. It always did when she blushed and his remark caused her entire body to flush hot. “No,” she said, the sound coming out a mere squeak. “I’m not looking for work.” She swallowed the lump forming in her throat and took another steadying breath. “The stagecoach driver walked in here a few minutes ago. If you could just direct me to him, I’ll be on my way.”
The bartender was young. Or he appeared to be. The usual signs of a full life hadn’t lined his face. His skin was only slightly tanned from the sun, his black hair had very little gray in it, and the sloping mustache hiding all but his bottom lip curved ever so slightly as he grinned down at her. She smiled back, hoping the friendly gesture would help. The way his gaze slid down to her breast let her know otherwise.
“Pete is a might busy at the moment,” the bartender told her, leaning down and bracing his arms on the top of the bar. “He’s up with Miss Chloe.” He nodded to the second floor balcony and Abigail knew what the stagecoach driver, Pete, was doing. “Now, unless you’re willing to work upstairs, you best hightail it out of here. Sign says no ladies allowed.”
“I see.” Taking a glance over her shoulder, Abigail looked around the room again. The piano was tinkling out another tune and the chatter of those inside the saloon returned as the patrons went back to their previous card games. The activity going on upstairs was obvious and the stagecoach driver would be hours in coming back down. Unless she could get someone to go speak with him. She turned back to face the bartender. “Could you send him a message for me, then?”
A ruckus erupted near the door and a group of men ambled in from the street. Abigail knew by the looks of them she shouldn’t be inside the saloon. Saddle bums, by all appearances. The dirt and grime on their clothes would be hard to wash out, if ever. Their stench clouded the air from halfway across the room and their vulgar language was enough to cause her cheeks to burn hot again.
The bartender gave a gruff order to, “Git on out of here, missy, and don’t come back,” before dismissing her. Abigail had no choice but to do as he said. Raising a fuss would only draw more attention to herself and she couldn’t afford to make that mistake.
Holding her reticule close to her stomach, she gave him a soft, “Thank you,” and made her way to the door as the men came closer. She’d nearly reached her destination when one of the men grabbed her, his arm wrapping around her waist and pulling her feet right off the floor, before he hugged her to him.
“What do we got here?” His foul breath caused Abigail’s stomach to heave. He gave her a squeeze, his fingers biting into her ribs.
“Let me go, please.” She gasped when his hold on her tightened. He laughed, the men who came in with him doing the same as they looked up toward the balcony. She followed their gaze and saw the women who lingered along the railing.
The arm around her waist pulled her tighter and Abigail’s eyes widened when his free hand came to rest on her left breast. She gave a shriek and his laughter echoed inside her head before she stiffened and kicked back with both heels. “Let me go!”
“Woo-wee, I got me a live one, boys!” The men inside the saloon laughed and their hoops and hollers grew as she struggled to get loose. The hand on her breast didn’t relent but another kick to his shins was enough to get him to let go. She dropped to her feet, her face flushed, and her heart racing inside her chest.
He grinned at her. What teeth he did possess were so discolored she grimaced. “There’s been a terrible mistake.” She darted a glance up the stairs again when the man’s friends started toward the second floor.
“Aint no mistake.” His gaze ran the length of her body and even though her dress was a modest cut, she felt violated when his leer lingered on her breasts. “I got money and lots of it. I’ll take ya ’til morning. You’ll be lucky to walk by the time I’m through with ya.”
“I don’t think so,” she mumbled. She forced a smile onto her face and straightened her spine. “I was just leaving. I’m sure one of the—ladies upstairs will be more than happy to take your money.”
The man turned his head and looked up toward the balcony. Abigail eased toward the door while he did. She’d nearly made it when he turned back to her. “They’re mighty purdy but I think I’ll keep ya just the same.”
Abigail was mortified. Less than an hour in town and she’d been abandoned by a would-be-husband, left homeless and destitute, and now she was being mistaken for a whore. Could her day get any worse? “I’m afraid you don’t understand. I’m not—” She didn’t get a chance to finish her sentence. The man grabbed her, tossed her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and started for the stairs. She vaguely heard the bartender yell something as the man’s booted feet hit the stairs. “Put me down this instant!” She smacked a fist against his back, kicking her feet as the saloon patrons erupted into ear-splitting laughter. Abigail struck his stomach with a knee and he stumbled, smacking her into the stair railing. A few more wild struggles and he dropped her. Hard.
The impact with the stairs left her dazed but shaking her head cleared her vision. When she glanced at the man, the look on his face wasn’t the jovial one she’d seen moments ago. Jumping to her feet, Abigail ran past him and back down the stairs. She was halfway across the room before he caught her.
“Let her go,” the bartender said, coming around the side of the bar. “There’s girls upstairs more than willing to take your money.”
“Don’t want them,” the man said. “I want this one and I’m gonna have her.”
When he reached for her again, Abigail reacted by instinct. She slapped him. The contact with his face stung her hand and the sound rang throughout the room. The laughter grew, the man’s face contorted and the rage in his eyes was that of a wild bull. She saw his fist coming toward her, gasped, then ducked. The wild punch landed on the bartender instead and the man shouted out a string of curses before he threw his own fist into the fray, hitting the man back in return.
An exchange of punches caused the bartender to slam into one of the tables and ruined a high stakes poker game. The men around the table cursed, scrambled for the money littering the floor, and were embroiled in their own fight within seconds. The furniture around the room was utilized to add to the pain inflicted by those joining the brawl and the chaos that followed was destructive enough for Abigail to hope she didn’t have to pay for it all.
She crawled to the bar amongst the broken glass, chair legs and sawdust and crouched into the corner to watch with frightened eyes. When a man landed within inches of her, she let out a startled shriek, jumped to her feet and ran for the door—and right into the arms of a man entering from the street.
The top of her head barely reached his wide shoulders and the shocked expression on his face wasn’t enough to draw her attention from the greenest eyes she’d ever seen. Framed by long, dark lashes those eyes held a bit of mischief that some wild part of her wanted to explore.
He stared down at her, his hands on her arms tightening just a fraction before he smiled. Someone crashed into her back, knocking them both into the wall. One of the men fighting at their back threw a wild punch. It landed right in the middle of the newcomer’s face. The back of his head slammed into the wall, blood sprayed from his nose and his eyes rolled back into his head. When he fell, he dragged her with him.
She landed astraddle his hips, the blood from his nose splattered the front of her dress, ran across his cheek and down over his bearded chin. Sitting up and resting her hands on his chest, Abigail could only stare. That’s when she saw it. The shiny silver badge on the front of his vest, the word "Marshal" engraved into it. “Oh no,” she breathed out shakily. “What have I done?”


* * * *


Morgan felt a weight on his chest and opened his eyes. A woman sat on top of him, her wide, blue eyes staring down at him with shock and a hint of fear. The sight of her breasts so close to his face let him ignore that little fact and concentrate instead on the woman herself. The front of her dress was covered in what looked like blood, a few dots of red sprinkled across her cheeks, and her blond locks tumbled loose from the pins holding it back and left curls to dangle around her face. A glance down the length of his body confirmed what he thought. She was sitting on him, straddling his hips, and the warmth of her pressed so intimately against his groin spread within seconds of the realization.
He moaned and enjoyed the fact he had a warm female on top of him. She wasn’t the one he’d come to see but taking another glance at her face, he had to admit she was a pretty little thing. He grinned up at her and relaxed his body, taking in the weight of her. “I usually prefer a bit of privacy and a warm bed but if you have some yearning for people to watch, I might be willing… long as it’s one of your female friends doing the watching.”
She gasped and scrambled off of him, climbing to her feet while her face splotched red as she blushed. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause so much trouble.”
Morgan stared up at her, confused by what she said, when the ruckus going on around him finally registered. It was then the pain thumping through his face penetrated his foggy brain.  He turned to look around the saloon and seeing the fights reminded him of someone hitting him the moment he walked through the door.
The Diamond Back Saloon was nearly destroyed from what he could see. Only a few tables remained standing, the chairs were scattered from one end of the room to the other and broken glass shined up from the sawdust floor like small diamonds. The only person who seemed unaffected was the piano player who continued to ping out notes as if nothing were happening.
He sat up, a groan escaping as the throbbing in his head increased. He spotted Vernon Wilkes, the bartender, and yelled out to him. “Vernon, what the hell is going on?”
The bartender turned to him and got a beefy fist to the side of his head for the trouble. Morgan let out a curse and crawled to his feet and staggered twice before regaining his balance. When the room stopped spinning, he crossed the space and grabbed the man currently beating the living daylights out of Vernon and tossed him into a group of four more men, all neck deep in their own fights before helping Vernon to his feet. “What started this?” The bartender grimaced, spit out a mouthful of blood before turning to look toward the door. Morgan followed his gaze. The woman was still there, her frightened eyes wide as she took in the scene.
“That’s what started it,” Vernon bit out, pointing to her with a bloody hand. “She ain’t got no business in here, marshal.”
Morgan leveled her with a questioning look. “Stay right there. I’ll deal with you in a minute.” Turning back to the barroom, he watched the melee for a few minutes while deciding what to do. With the girls upstairs, grabbing his gun and shooting a few rounds into the ceiling to get the men’s attention wasn’t possible. Breaking them up by hand was the only course of action he knew of. And the most painful. He sighed and straightened his shoulders. “This is going to hurt like hell,” he mumbled to himself before throwing himself into the fray.
For the second time that day, someone punched him in the face. He’d be barely recognizable by tomorrow, he figured. The pain already throbbed and his left eye felt a little funny. Swelling shut, he figured. Morgan shouted a curse and swung back, grimacing at the loud cracking pop he heard as the man’s nose broke and blood spilled down over his grizzled chin. Two more came at him, grabbing him around the middle and slamming him into the only remaining upright table. They crashed to the floor and it took long seconds for his lungs to refill with air. Crawling to his feet, he grabbed the first man he saw and slung him into the wall. “Stay right there or I’ll throw you under the jail!” To his surprise, the man did just that.
It took longer than it should have to get the men to calm down. By the time the last one had found somewhere to sit and cool off, Miss Angelina herself had come downstairs to tend to the wounds of those needing a woman’s gentle touch. She instructed her girls to take care of the men and before the dust had settled, more than half the barroom was headed to the second floor to have some soft, willing woman help soothe their wounded pride.
Everyone but him, that is.
Morgan didn’t think there was a spot of flesh on his body that didn’t ache. Blood leaked from cuts too numerous to count, his lip was split and his left eye was definitely swelling shut. He turned and looked back toward the bar, the woman who ran into him upon entering the saloon still standing where he told her to. She was against the wall, her bag clutched in her hands tight enough to cause her knuckles to shine white from across the room. When she lifted her head and looked at him, giving him a smile that said everything in the world was perfect, his hellish week caught up with him in a flash.
All he’d wanted since getting back into town was to wash the dust from his throat with the strongest rot-gut whiskey Vernon could offer him and have a tumble with one of the little ladies upstairs. What he got instead was her. The blonde he’d found straddling his lap when he woke up from a fist-induced sleep. He stared at her as she looked around the room. She was pretty but now that she was standing, he could see how small she actually was. A little scrawny for his tastes. He liked his women plump with big breasts and eager appetites for sinful pleasures. The diminutive blonde, who shouldn’t have been inside the saloon to begin with according to Vernon, looked tame as a kitten. Too bad, he thought. He would have willingly taken his frustrations out between her thighs but if Vernon said she didn’t belong here, then he believed him.
Crossing the room to where she stood, he stopped inches in front of her. “Who are you?” She didn’t answer. Instead, she stared up at him with those large blue eyes of hers, her jaw held at an arrogant angle. Morgan waited and braced his hands on his hips. And then waited some more. “Well?” he asked, irritated at her silence. “I don’t have all day. Spit it out.”
He saw her throat work as she swallowed. “Abigail. Abigail… uh, Thornton.”
“Well, Abigail Thornton, would you like to explain to me what the hell you’re doing in the saloon?”
She stared at his chest and Morgan followed her gaze. His badge was crooked. When she said, “This has all been a terrible misunderstanding,” he looked back up.
“Is that what you’d call this?” Morgan turned to look at the now destroyed saloon behind him. He crossed his arms over his chest when he turned back to face her, studying her as she stood there unmoving. Her dress wasn’t very revealing but the fabric was a deep green wool with fancy lace trimming around the neck and cuffs. He didn’t know much about women’s fashion but that dress was unlike any he’d seen around Willow Creek. It was too fancy by half. He’d never seen her before either and he knew the stagecoach had come into town. He’d seen it sitting by the station on his way from the jail. She was a newcomer and trouble if he’d ever seen it.
“I would,” she said, her chin lifting a small fraction. “The bartender can tell you that.”
Morgan glanced at Vernon, who had stepped behind the bar and was currently trying to clear the broken glass off the top of it. “Is she right?”
Vernon snorted and gave the woman a sneer. “This is why women aren’t allowed in here, marshal, and you know it! They ain’t nothing but trouble. I told her she couldn’t be in here but did she listen?”
His head was throbbing now and Morgan wanted nothing more than to take to his bed and sleep for a week, with or without the comfort of a willing body next to him. He looked at Abigail again, leaning his head to one side. She was wafer thin but that little dress clung to shapely curves even he couldn’t help but notice. Her breasts were full, if not a bit on the small side, but they were high and quite perky. Her hair was falling down around her face and it softened her look a bit and made her appear to be innocent. Almost. His irritation grew the longer she stood there unmoving. She was looking at anything but him and he wasn’t getting anywhere questioning her. What was she doing here? Since she seemed uneager to tell, he figured she was just down on her luck and looking for work. Why else would a woman come into a saloon? His reason for coming inside latched onto that little morsel. “Are you a whore?” he asked, a small part of him hoping she was.
She gasped, her face turning blood red before splotches broke out across her neck. “I most certainly am not!”
“Are you looking to be one?”
Her lips turned bloodless as she pinched them together. The fire in her eyes caused one corner of his mouth to tilt up and her chest heaved as her breaths were huffed out. Definitely not a whore.
“I am a lady,” she said, indignant.
Morgan raised one eyebrow. “A lady in a saloon?”
“I was looking for the stagecoach driver if you must know.”
“Well, I asked you ten minutes ago what the hell you were doing in here. Why didn’t you just say so?”
She pinched the bridge of her nose and let out a long sigh. “May I go now?”
“No.”
Her head snapped up, those pretty blue eyes widening again.  “Why ever not?”
“Well, let’s see.” Morgan lifted a hand and scratched the week’s worth of beard that had grown in while he was on the trail. “There’s the issue of you being inside the bar, for one. The sign outside clearly says, you can’t come in here. There’s also the matter of the fight, the damage to the saloon and let’s not forget the damage done to me.” He pointed to his still throbbing face for emphasis.
“Fine.” She turned toward Vernon and smiled prettily. “Mr. Vernon, I’m very sorry about your establishment. I’ll not come inside again.” When she turned to him, the smile disappeared. “As for you, marshal, I’m sorry for your trouble.”
The woman had the nerve to turn on her heel and stroll out of the saloon with the regal air of a queen. Morgan snorted a laugh at her audacity before following her outside. She was crossing the street and he had to run to catch up with her. “Where do you think you’re going?”
She stopped, turned to look at him and blew out a long breath. “Away from the saloon. That’s what you wanted, isn’t it?”
“Not exactly.” A wagon forced them out of the road and Abigail Thornton dismissed him again as if he wasn’t even standing there. She walked toward the stagecoach station, her booted feet clicking against the wooden sidewalk in rapid little taps. He followed her and grabbed her arm so she couldn’t walk away again. “We’re not through, Mrs. Thornton.”
“It’s Miss,” she said, that little chin of hers lifting again. “And please unhand me.”
He would have laughed the entire mess off if her high-handed demand hadn’t been laced with total contempt. The look in her eyes scalded him to the bone. He knew he looked like hell. He’d been riding the countryside in pursuit of an outlaw for the past week. He probably stank to high heaven, his beard was scraggly and itched like the dickens and his clothes would have to be burned. Not to mention the damage done to his face after that bar brawl she started. Well, according to Vernon, she did. He’d yet to hear the entire story. Regardless, that still didn’t give her the right to treat him like a no-good saddle bum. He was the marshal, damn it, and she’d treat him with the respect he deserved.
Staring down at her, every ache, cut and bruise throbbing and pulsing, he knew she was the reason for it. The ache in his long neglected groin was her fault too. The blood pumping through his veins heated at the defiant look in her eyes and the thought of what to do with her was suddenly clear. “Miss Thornton, you have no idea how happy it makes me to tell you that you’re under arrest.”
She gasped and jumped back from him, her arm jerking from his grasp. “Under arrest? What for?”
Her outrage soothed some of his aches and Morgan gave her a smug smile before answering her. “We’ll start with disturbing the peace and add entering a gentleman’s establishment, damage to personal property and careless endangerment of a federal marshal. That should be enough to keep you out of trouble for quite a while. Or at least until the circuit judge gets back into town.”
The look on her face would have caused him to laugh if it wouldn’t have hurt so damn much. Even a tiny smile hurt. It pulled the edges of his busted lip but he managed a cruel imitation of one just to annoy her.
She straightened her spine, tilted her chin up a notch and exploded. “That is absurd! You can’t arrest me for things I had no control over.”
Morgan grinned through the pain. “I assure you, I can, Miss Thornton, and I am. Let’s go.” When he grabbed her arm again and tried to walk her back down the street, she dug in her heels, her free arm latching on to his where he gripped her wrist and tried to shake him off.
“Let me go. This is all a mistake. You can’t do this!”
“I won’t, I don’t care, and I am.”
She let out an ear-piercing shriek and struggled like a wild cat before raising her free hand, balling her fingers into a fist and punching at his shoulder. Morgan’s abused muscles screamed in agony as she fought him and it took all the control he had not to lash out in return. “Do you want resisting arrest to be added to your list of crimes, Miss Thornton?”
Her eyes widened. “I haven’t committed any crime. Now unhand me this instant.”
The humor in the situation diminished. Her screams were drawing attention and the local gossips were already hovered around Jenkins Mercantile, hands over their mouths as they gaped at him. He could only imagine what the story would be by the time the whole town found out. Glaring at the people gawking at him, he grabbed Abigail around the waist and tossed her over his shoulder, gritting his teeth through the pain the act caused, before turning and starting for the jail.


Chapter Two





Abigail was too stunned to do more than hang there, upside down, while the marshal carried her to jail. Jail! He was arresting her for what amounted to nothing more than a misunderstanding but the pig-headed man didn’t want to hear her side of the story. Not that she’d really tried very hard to tell him. Getting away from him seemed like the best course of action back at the saloon. If she’d only walked faster, she may have avoided this entire embarrassment.
Reaching the jail, Abigail lifted her head and noticed a line of people filling the wooden sidewalk staring at them. She groaned and let her head drop again. The floor of the jail came into view. It was covered in dried mud, much like the marshal’s pants and boots, she noticed, and the stench inside the building took her breath.
The marshal stood her on her feet and she glared at him before looking around her. She was inside what was apparently the jail’s one and only cell. The barred prison was bare except for a cot that sat under a small, open window. The blanket lying at the foot of the bed was threadbare and filthy. It also contributed greatly to the foul smell in the air. Turning back to face the marshal, Abigail crossed her arms under her breasts. “These accommodations aren’t suitable for a woman. You can’t keep me here.”
He had the gall to laugh at her before walking out of the cell and slamming the door hard enough to make her jump before he locked it behind him. “A jail isn’t a hotel, Miss Thornton. You’ll get used to it.”
She watched him cross the room to a stove in the corner, filling it with wood before starting a fire. He rattled a coffee pot, making as much noise as possible before abandoning the stove and walking to a small desk sitting by the door. He unhooked the gun belt she just now noticed hanging around his hips, hanging it on the back of the chair. His back was to her and even though he was covered from head to toe in dirt, she had to admit he was an impressive sight.
His shoulders were wide; his waist tapered to slim hips and strong, firm looking thighs. His pants fit snug in places she shouldn’t be looking but with a backside like that, it was hard not to stare. Lord knew the men in Atlanta certainly looked nothing like the marshal did. They acted nothing like him either. They had manners. This man did not.
He turned and sat down in the chair, tossed his hat onto the desk and propped his booted feet up on the edge. His hair was dark and in need of barbering. The ends hung nearly to his shoulders. The indentions from his hat caused it to lay slick to his head. For a town marshal, he apparently wasn’t too concerned about his personal grooming. Not that she cared.
When he clasped his hands behind his head and stared at her, Abigail raised an eyebrow at him. His returning smile rankled her nerves. The scraggly beard covering his face didn’t hide the fact he was probably very attractive. From across the room she could see the mischief in his green eyes. Well, the one that wasn’t swollen shut, that is. The purple bruising on his face didn’t conceal the warm hue of his tanned skin and looking at his forearms below the cuffs of his rolled up shirt sleeves let her know he spent more hours outdoors than most.
The fact she found him attractive, as scruffy as he was, galled her. “Are you comfortable now?”
“Absolutely. I can finally put my feet up and I have the best view a man in my position can ask for. A prisoner.”
He was enjoying the fact he locked her up. The pig.
Unwilling to let him see how worried she actually was, she turned her back to him and walked to the cot. The smell was worse close up. She gingerly picked up the offending blanket with two fingers and tossed it to the other side of the cell. The mattress underneath was stained with heaven knew what. She shook her head in disgust. “I’ll need clean linens, marshal. This bed isn’t fit for a dog let alone a human.”
“Never heard any complaints before now. Besides, it’s cleaner than the floor. Let’s not forget this is a jail, Miss Thornton. It isn’t set up for your comfort. You’ll get no special treatment from me just because you’re a—lady.”
The way he said lady caused Abigail’s irritation to grow and she looked over her shoulder at him. He was still smiling. “Am I to assume my meals will consist of water and bread, then?”
“You can assume what you want.”
“Well, in that case,” she said, turning to face him and placing both hands on her hips, “I’ll assume you’re as big an ass as you seem.” His smile faltered and Abigail gave him one in return that made her cheeks ache before she sat down on the edge of the cot. She laid her reticule on her lap and stared back at him, unmoving.
The staring contest may have lasted all night if the door hadn’t opened minutes later. A man who looked very much like the marshal stepped inside and shut the door behind him, his gaze searching and finding her in the cell. He smiled and shook his head. “Vernon told me you locked up a woman but I had to come see for myself.”
“It’s nice to see you too, brother.”
This new man was everything the marshal wasn’t. Clean and freshly barbered with an easy going smile. Abigail watched him take the vacant seat across from the desk and smiled at him again when he turned to look at her. “You can’t keep her locked up, Morgan,” he said, not taking his gaze from her. “The townsfolk will have a hissy fit.”
“She started a brawl in the saloon, among other things. Once they find out why she’s here, they’ll understand.”
The man snorted a laugh. “I doubt that. I’m sure Edna is on her way over right now to give you a piece of her mind.”
“She’ll do that regardless of who I have locked up in here.” The marshal looked over at her before lowering his feet to the floor and standing. “Come on,” he said, gesturing to the door to the other man. “Take a walk with me. I suddenly have a need for some fresh air. It stinks like a week’s worth of horse shit in here.”
When they started for the door, Abigail rose as well. “Marshal! You can’t leave me in here.”
“Sure I can,” he said, looking over his shoulder at her. “You’re locked up, remember? You’re not going anywhere.” With a parting smile, he left, the door closing behind him.


* * * *


Morgan wasn’t able to wipe the grin off his face until he stepped off the sidewalk. “Buy me a drink, Holden,” he said, slapping his brother on the back. “And tell me what’s going on at the ranch since I’ve been gone.”
Holden nodded and they walked in silence until they reached the sidewalk in front of the saloon. “Same as it was when you left. Well, except for Alex’s desire to be a horse wrangler now instead of a cowpuncher.”
“That didn’t last long.”
“Her career decisions never last long. Of course, she’s only eight. I hope by the time she’s old enough to marry, she’ll be interested in babies and a home of her own.”
Morgan laughed as they walked inside. “I don’t think Alex even knows she’s a girl.” The barroom had been cleaned, somewhat. There were two tables now standing, both of them propped up with wooden blocks under the wobbly legs. Mismatched chairs were leaning against the wall and the men inside were still there, drinking, cussing and telling lies as usual.
Reaching the long bar, Vernon greeted them both before pouring them a drink, leaving the bottle behind. “So,” Holden said, grinning. “What’s the story with the woman?”
Abigail Thornton’s face came instantly to mind and Morgan fought the urge to smile. “She destroyed the bar.”
Holden shook his head. “One little woman caused all this damage?” He turned to look at what remained of the Diamond Back Saloon. “She must be one hell of a wild cat to break all this shit.”
She was a wild cat, all right. Her claws came out the moment he spoke to her and she hadn’t retracted them yet. The fire in her eyes hadn’t dimmed since then either. The scorn he’d seen in them was directed at him and him alone. “She’s trouble. I’m just making sure she doesn’t give me anymore.”
“And keeping her locked up will accomplish that?”
“It sure will.” Morgan knocked back his drink, turned and refilled his glass.
Holden grunted. “I know it’s been a while, and you’re used to the company of whores, but come on, Morgan, surely you know a lady isn’t going to sit quietly while locked up. The jail stinks, the bedding has been there since the building was built ten years ago and if she has to survive with nothing but your cooking, she’ll be dead in a week.”
Morgan glared at his brother. “I’m not going to coddle her.”
“Care if I do?” Holden asked, grinning.
The look on Holden’s face told Morgan exactly what his brother had in mind. The fact Willow Creek was so isolated left the men to women ratio lopsided. There were more single men in the county than he cared to think about. And once those men realized Abigail Thornton was in town, they’d be flocking to the jail in droves. He wasn’t sure why the thought of those men knocking on his door irritated him but it did. He pushed the thought away, swallowed the rest of his drink and turned to Vernon. “What do I owe you, Vern?”
“On the house, marshal. After the week you’ve had, you deserve it.”
“Obliged,” he said before turning back to Holden. “I’m going to head home and get cleaned up. Want to meet me at the hotel for supper?”
“Can’t do. I promised Alex I’d be home before dark.” They walked back outside, stopping to look at the town before Holden said, “I will go grab something decent to eat for your newest prisoner though. It’s the neighborly thing to do, after all.”
Holden grinned before taking off for the hotel in a jog. Morgan watched him go and disappear inside before looking back at the jail. The squat little building had seen better days and the roof leaked more often than not. Keeping Abigail Thornton locked up was going to be more trouble than he wanted. He could feel it in his bones. Holden was right about one thing. Keeping her locked up would cause a stir. One he didn’t want to deal with. He knew he had to let her go come morning but for some reason, the very thought of doing so irritated him.


* * * *


Abigail had dozed off while sitting up and was startled awake when the marshal came back. She blinked at him a few times, trying to get her eyes to adjust in the low light of the room and tell her she was seeing what she thought she was.
The man who left hours before had been a complete unkempt mess. This man caused her pulse to race. He’d left his hat behind, his gun still strapped to his lean hips, and he stood by the door staring at her as if he’d never seen her before. He’d washed and replaced his dirty clothes with clean denim trousers and a blue chambray shirt, the cuffs once again rolled up to his elbows. He was clean-shaven and just as she’d suspected, the marshal was a handsome man. Well, once you overlooked the busted lip and swollen eye. Taking in his features, she realized he was much more handsome than his brother, Holden, who had brought her a meal from the hotel. Too bad the marshal’s loathsome attitude was so unforgiving.
She’d had a long time to think about her situation once he left and knew, like it or not, she was stuck in Willow Creek. She had no money to buy a ticket for the stagecoach and her pleas to the driver would be useless now. She’d gone as far as she could and she’d have to start planning all over again. The potential husband she’d managed to arrange for was gone. If the marshal let her out of the jail, where would she go? She didn’t even have enough money to buy a decent meal, let alone a place to bed down for the night. The filthy mattress under her was better than the cold ground or someone’s barn, if she were lucky enough to sneak inside one. That was assuming the marshal let her go.
The reason she’d spent the last four months running caused a nervous shiver to race up her spine. As much as she disliked being locked up, she realized with sudden clarity that being under the marshal’s watchful eye was probably the safest option she had. As long as she was his prisoner, she’d be safe. Even if Fletcher found her, he wouldn’t be able to do much about it. She hoped.
When the marshal made no attempt to move or speak, she stood. “Well?”
“Well what?”
Abigail rolled her eyes. “Why are you staring at me?”
He tilted his head to one side and the look on his face was one of irritation. “I’m trying to decide what to do with you.”
When her heart gave another little jump, Abigail walked to the cell door. If he let her go now, what would she do? Probably die a slow, agonizing death at Fletcher’s hands. She shuddered at the thought and knew she only had one option at the moment. She had to make sure he kept her locked up.
She smiled to hide her unease and tried to bait him into keeping her behind bars. “What? You mean you actually have a heart and are going to let me go? How noble of you.”
He grinned and rubbed his jaw. Her gaze was drawn to his mouth then and she found herself staring. How could lips that plump spill the venom the marshal had spewed at her over the course of the day?
“I didn’t say I was going to let you go.”
Abigail tore her gaze from his mouth when he spoke and bit her lip to keep from smiling at what he’d said. As long as she could annoy him enough to keep her locked up until she could figure out what to do, she would at least have a decent meal and a place to sleep. “I’m sure thinking for yourself is a difficult process, marshal, but do make it quick. I need to use the privy as I’ve yet been taken to do so.”
“There’s a pot under the bed. Help yourself.”
Abigail looked back at the cot and bent at the waist. Sure enough, there was a pot under the bed, its grimy sides brown with Lord knew what. She straightened and threw him a scalding look. “You can’t possibly expect me to use that filthy thing.”
He shrugged a shoulder before leaning back against the wall. “I haven’t had any other complaints.”
“Of course not. Your usual guests are probably all foul creatures as obnoxious as yourself.” The amused twinkle in his eyes faded then and Abigail wondered if she’d gone too far. He wasn’t a terrible person, or so his brother had said. Holden Avery was the gentleman his brother was not. The marshal, Morgan, Holden had told her, was as cussed as an old mule and from what she’d seen, she knew he was right. Of course, it could all be an act. He was the town marshal, after all. He was supposed to be a man stronger than most, able to protect the citizens of the town. He may be a real pussycat under that hard exterior. Somehow she doubted it. “Well,” she said, “while you decide what to do with me, could you find it in that grizzled heart of yours to find me decent linens?”
He studied her for long minutes, his gaze traveling over the length of her before he pushed away from the wall. When he crossed the room, she backed away from the door. She was stunned when he unlocked it and held it wide. Fear crawled into her throat and she had to swallow a desperate plea to remain in his custody. “What are you doing?”
“I can’t leave you in here as much as I’d like to do just that.”
Abigail was stunned. She was sure he’d keep her locked up until she was old and gray out of pure spite. “You’re letting me go?” she asked, quietly.
He laughed. “Not on your life, sweetheart.”
Her relief was fleeting. She stared at him, confused. “Then what are you doing?”
The marshal leaned against the cell door, his shoulder propped against the metal frame. “Half the town knows you’re locked up in here and I’m not spending the night in that old chair behind the desk to see that you aren’t accosted by those drunks over at the saloon.” He smiled and the look in his eyes told her the situation wasn’t going to be much better. “I have no option but to take you home with me.”
Abigail’s heart froze for a brief second before it stuttered into a regular beat again. Take her home? With him! “Excuse me? What do you mean, ‘take me home with you?’”
“Just what I said. There’s no lock on the jail door.”
“So?”
“So, anyone can walk in from the street.”
Abigail imagined just that. What if Fletcher managed to find her quicker than she assumed he would and just walked right in, somehow got the cell door open and took her? Worse yet, what if he just shot her the moment he laid eyes on her, no one the wiser until they found her bloody body on the filthy floor come morning. A shudder ran through her and she swallowed the fear the images conjured.
“You all right?”
His voice startled her. Abigail focused her gaze on his face and tried to smile. She failed horribly. “Fine. Why?”
“Because you’re pale as death all of a sudden, that’s why.” He moved toward her and she stepped back. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” she lied.
She knew he didn’t believe her by the look on his face. She smiled again and hoped this attempt was more convincing. She assumed it was when he finally nodded his head and walked away from the cell. “Grab your bag and let’s go.”
Abigail regarded his retreating back and the situation he was creating. How could she go home with him? Did he mean that literally? “Excuse me, marshal—”
“Morgan.”
“What?”
He turned to face her once he reached his desk. “My name is Morgan.”
“I know that,” she said, blushing. “Your brother told me.”
“Then use it.”
“I don’t think our situation requires such familiar terms, do you?”
He turned down the wick on the lantern by his desk before turning back to face her. “You can call me anything you like, Miss Thornton, but since you’ll be living in my house, I didn’t think what to call me would be your only concern.”
“It isn’t.” The possibility of Fletcher finding her was still fresh on her mind and Abigail realized that if she were safe in the jail, she’d be more safe in the marshal’s home, but that would stir up more trouble than she dared to think about. Finding a husband would be difficult if every man in town knew she’d been locked up. Worse yet, that she’d been incarcerated inside the marshal’s home. She held back a desperate sigh. This was turning into a nightmare. “I can’t stay with you in your home.” Unless… Abigail held back a smile. “Unless of course, your wife is there.”
“I don’t have a wife.”
Abigail’s concern over finding a husband while staying in the marshal’s home was overpowered by the relief that Morgan wasn’t married. She wasn’t sure why she cared, but she did. She was embarrassed a moment later when she realized she knew the answer. Of all the men in Willow Creek, the one man who could protect her from Fletcher was the marshal.
She hoped since he’d extinguished the lamp he couldn’t see the blotchy skin on her neck she knew was there. She felt how heated her face was and knew she was blushing. He was staring at her, a small grin curving his lips. Whether he could see her stained cheeks or not, he knew what she was thinking. She straightened her shoulders and stared him in the eyes. “And that is the exact reason I can’t be in your home. My reputation wouldn’t survive the scandal.”
Morgan leaned a hip against the side of the desk and crossed his arms over his chest. “Your reputation is already shot all to hell. Starting a brawl in the saloon and being arrested for it did that. As for you being in my house, I would bet my salary the townsfolk will think it an unusual act of kindness on my part.”
Of course they would, she thought, glumly. Her misery would undoubtedly make him look like a saint. When he stood and told her to grab her bag she sighed and did just that. Regardless of how it looked, she really didn’t want to stay in that smelly cell any longer. And she really didn’t want to stay inside the jail alone.
Grabbing her reticule she walked out of the cell. “I left a small travel bag at the stagecoach station when I arrived in town.”
“I have it back at the house.”
Her eyes widened a bit. “You do?”
He nodded. “Emmett, from over at the station, brought it to me an hour ago.”
“I see.” Looking around the tiny cell once more, Abigail took a deep breath and walked out of the main room. She wasn’t sure what the marshal’s motives were exactly but at the moment she wasn’t going to argue. Being alone in the jail wasn’t her idea of a good time. The moment he’d left with his brother, her anxiety had nearly choked her. She’d been grateful when Holden returned. He’d only brought her something to eat but he’d stayed and talked with her just so she’d have the company.
When she reached the door, the marshal opened it and ushered her out onto the wooden walkway. It wasn’t yet full dark but the sky was an inky blue-black. A few stars could be seen and the moon was playing hide and seek with the clouds. The wind was blowing, causing a slight breeze to dance around the hem of her dress.
The streets were deserted and only a few lights glowed behind the windows of the businesses and homes in town. They turned and started down the walkway away from the center of town and Abigail walked beside Morgan in silence until they reached the end of the street. The house sitting there was nothing like what she expected. Not that she knew much about Marshal Avery but she’d pictured him in some derelict cabin with a few mangy dogs littering the dirt yard. This was anything but. “This is where you live?” she asked, staring up at the two-story home. It was white, from what she could tell, with dark shutters at every window. A long porch ran the length of the house, a swing swaying in the breeze on one end. Flowers dotted the walkway and the grass was as green as any she’d ever seen.
“This is it,” he said, opening the gate that surrounded the property and motioned for her to go through.
Abigail walked up the stone walkway in stunned silence. When they ascended the steps and stopped in front of the door she turned to look at him. “I had no idea a town marshal made so much money as to afford a home like this.”
Morgan laughed and opened the front door. “They don’t.” He ushered her inside with a hand to her lower back. When he closed the door behind him, Abigail tried to see in the darkened interior. She stood where she was until a light flickered to her left. Morgan was there, lighting a lamp, and when the glow illuminated his face, her breath caught. Ass that he was at times, she had to admit, he was quite breathtaking. His long, dark hair and perpetual smirk gave him a roguish look. One she wasn’t immune to, apparently. Her pulse leaped when he turned to face her and she had to suck in a quick breath to fill her lungs with air.
She looked away, giving the house another glance. High gloss hardwood floors, expensive rugs and furniture filled the sitting room Morgan was standing in. The hallway stairs and banister was a finely detailed work of art. The railings carved into intricate designs she’d seen only once before in the home of a banker in Atlanta. She could only imagine what the rest of the house looked like.
When Morgan joined her in the hall with the lamp he’d lit in hand, he indicated the stairs with his arm and she gave him a brief glance before starting up to the second floor. He followed behind her in silence and when she reached the upper landing, he showed her to a room at the end of the hall. It was richly appointed with lace at the windows. The furniture was of dark wood and the bed the biggest she’d ever seen. A tall screen blocked off one corner of the room and she wondered what was there.
Morgan walked farther into the room and sat the lamp on the table by the bed. “There’s clean water and washing clothes behind the screen. Towels and such in the closet by the washroom. That’s the last door on the right if you prefer a bath.”
“A bath,” she said, shocked. “There’s a bath in this house?”
He grinned. “There is. It’s rarely used but it’s there if you feel the need. You’ll have to light the boiler to heat the water though. The tank should be full.”
Abigail stared at him, wondering who this man really was. She’d never been arrested before but she would bet every possession she owned no prisoner was treated like this. Lacy bedrooms and heated baths in a real tub? Was she dreaming? Was she back in that stinky cell imagining all this? When he crossed the room and stopped in front of her, the scent of sun dried clothes and gun oil filled her senses. The need to touch him, to see if he was real, was strong. She resisted and stared up at him instead.
“Now don’t try anything stupid, like sneaking away in the middle of the night. I can track anyone, anywhere, even a little thing like you.”
She rolled her eyes. “I wasn’t going to run.”
“Good. See that you remember that. I can’t lock you in the room but if I have to, I can tie you to the bed.” He grinned down at her and the look in his eyes told her he was thinking of just that. “On second thought, maybe I should.”
“You’ll do no such thing,” she said, walking around him to lay her reticule on the bed. She turned to look at him and crossed her arms under her breasts.
He grinned at her before walking to the door. “On second thought, if you try to leave, I’ll just make you sleep with me instead.”
Abigail gasped at his parting words and stood staring at the door when he closed it behind him.


Chapter Three





The sun was barely up and after a restless night of tossing and turning, listening for the sound of Abigail’s footsteps in the hallway, Morgan didn’t feel any more rested than he had when he’d gotten back into town. The decision to keep her in the house with him seemed like a bad idea until the scent of cooking meat filled the air.
He stood and dressed, washed his face and cleaned his teeth before venturing out into the hall and down the back stairs to the kitchen. She was there, an old flour sack tied around her tiny waist as she stood by the stove stirring something. The scent of coffee filled the air, along with real food, and his stomach grumbled in adamant demand to partake in what she offered. When she bent to take something from the oven, her rounded bottom up in the air, his groin demanded he take her. Not that she’d offered. Yet.
“I think this is the first time a prisoner has cooked for me. I may have to reduce your sentence, Abigail.”
“That is Miss Thornton, to you, marshal, and I cooked for myself.” She turned, a pan of fat fluffy biscuits in her hand and the scent alone caused his stomach to rumble again. “You can fix your own breakfast.”
Morgan grinned and pulled out his chair, sitting down and grabbing the one plate he saw on the table. She gave him a peeved look before placing the biscuits on the table with a thump and turned back to the stove. Scrambled eggs and bacon followed and gravy so thick his mouth watered. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d eaten a home cooked meal in his own house. Never one fixed by a good-looking woman, that’s for sure. The spread Abigail placed before him was fit for a king, to his estimation, and when she grabbed another plate off the sideboard, he filled his own plate.
Neither said a word while they ate. Morgan tucked into his food like a man starved and had seconds, cleaning most of the platters. He’d be ashamed of himself if he hadn’t just spent a week surviving off of dried beef jerky and water.
When his stomach was full and his coffee cup filled to the brim again, he leaned back in his chair and watched her eat. Her plate was barely touched. In the soft light coming from the windows, he could see faint purple smudges under her eyes. She looked tired. Worn down, somehow. The reason she was here came back to mind and he leaned forward, propping his elbows on the table and he cupped his hands around his coffee mug. “What were you doing in the saloon?”
She glanced at him and looked back down at her plate again before laying her fork on the table. “I was looking for the stagecoach driver. I told you that yesterday.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why were you looking for Pete?”
She sighed and pushed her plate away, not saying anything for long minutes. When she said, “I was supposed to be married,” Morgan nearly choked on his coffee.
“Married? To Pete?” he asked, louder than he intended.
She threw him a look before rolling her eyes. “No. Not him.”
“Who?”
“Why does it matter?”
“It doesn’t,” he said, but that wasn’t the complete truth. The thought of her getting married did matter. Somewhat. Why, he didn’t care to think about. Taking a sip from his mug, he let the silence stretch before saying, “Who were you supposed to marry?”
“Flynn Haggard.”
He did choke then. He coughed and sputtered before catching enough air to breathe normally again. She was staring at him, arms folded under her breasts when he’d caught his breath and looked back at her. “Flynn Haggard?” He frowned. “Why in the world would you want to marry him?”
“Why does it matter? He apparently isn’t available to marry me now so it’s a mute point.”
Wasn’t available… Morgan laughed at that statement. Flynn wasn’t available, all right. He knew that for a fact. He’d arrested the man for cattle rustling and personally turned him over to the circuit court judge two weeks ago. The fact Flynn was getting married didn’t surprise him. Most men from town sent off for brides but those same men always let everyone know. Flynn hadn’t said a word. “How did you meet Flynn?”
“I haven’t. The marriage was arranged through the agency. He was supposed to meet me at the stagecoach station. When I asked about him, I was told he was arrested and had been taken to Missoula. That’s when I went to find the stagecoach driver.”
“And started a brawl and nearly got my face permanently disfigured.”
“That wasn’t my fault,” she said, sitting up straight in her chair, her hands clenched into fists. “That awful man who came in thought I was a whore and started… Well, he grabbed me and wouldn’t let me go. When he tossed me over his shoulder and started for the stairs, that’s when everything went wrong.”
Morgan listened to her vivid account of what happened inside the saloon before he arrived. The fight really wasn’t her fault but, just like Vernon had said, if she hadn’t been in the saloon, none of it would have happened. He sighed and leaned back in his chair. “Fine. You didn’t personally start the brawl but you being inside the saloon did.”
She gaped at him, her pretty little mouth open. Thoughts flew at him unbidden at the sight, thoughts that involved them both naked and those lush lips curled around his cock. He blinked and looked away to distract himself. He grabbed his coffee and burnt his tongue when he gulped it down. “So,” he said, coughing to clear his throat. “You came to Willow Creek to be married and found your groom gone. What did Pete have to do with all this?”
She sighed. “I was hoping he could take me to the next town.”
“He could have done that today.”
“I didn’t want to stay until today.”
She didn’t want to stay? Morgan stared at her and imagined how things would have been upon his return if she hadn’t been there. He’d have had his liquor, his favorite whore from Miss Angelina’s girls and been blessedly content. Well, until this morning, that is. This morning, things would have been the same as they were every week. He’d wake, fix a barely eatable breakfast, walk the town and sit in the jail, staring out the window until he got too restless, and walked the town again. He’d have done that until the sun went down, came home, ate again and gone to bed, or to the saloon to slake his loneliness with one of the girls, and started the same dull routine all over again the next day.
But it hadn’t been so dull as that. No, he’d walked into that saloon and got an armful of Abigail Thornton, had his face smashed in, and woke to find her straddling his hips. He held back a smile at that lovely memory. His entire evening had been so far from the normal he couldn’t help but be grateful. Of course, that didn’t mean he enjoyed her sharp tongue or her biting remarks. Knowing what had caused her surly attitude, though, he could understand it.
He refilled his coffee mug and topped hers off with what remained. “So what are you going to do now? I mean, once I let you out of jail, that is?” He grinned and watched her face turn red.
Abigail had to wonder if he deliberately tried to provoke her. The way he was smiling led her to believe he did. He enjoyed riling her. Grabbing her plate, she rose from her seat and walked to the counter and the washtubs. “Well, since I won’t be marrying Flynn, I’ll be looking for a new husband.” She turned and offered him a smile. “Is your brother, Holden, married?”


* * * *


The expression on his face was priceless. Abigail wanted to laugh but refrained from doing so. He narrowed his eyes at her and pinched his lips tightly together while a slight red tint covered his cheeks. Did Marshal Avery not like the fact she wanted to marry his brother? Or was it the fact she wanted to marry at all? Only one way to find out. “If he is, then I’m sure you can help me find a suitable prospect. You’re bound to know every single man in the county.”
“I do,” he said. “And they’re all married.”
Liar. Abigail walked back to the table, removing the dirty dishes and carrying them one at a time to the counter. She kept the smile wanting to form at bay and didn’t dare look at him. “There isn’t an unmarried man in all of Willow Creek?”
He didn’t answer for long minutes then finally smiled. “Actually there is. Jarvis McNally is single. He’s got a pig farm a couple miles from town. He’s been widowed for a few years now. I’m sure he’d take to you if you cooked him meals like the one you cooked for me. Hell, he might even let you sleep in the house if you ask him real nice.”
Abigail ignored the “cooking a meal for him” bit and latched on to the other instead. “Sleep in the house?”
He nodded. “He’s a bit afraid of women.”
“Afraid of…” Abigail shook her head and scowled at him. “If he was married, why would he be afraid of women?”
“You never met Frieda.” He shuddered. “Hell, I was afraid of her.”
Abigail knew he was joshing her and didn’t give in to the temptation of telling him so. Instead, she stood behind her chair and asked, “How old is he? Can he still father children?”
The look on his face changed all of a sudden and something in his eyes let her know what he was thinking. She knew that in that moment, to Morgan Avery, she was standing in his kitchen in nothing but her hairpins. His gaze traveled the length of her, lingering on her breasts and she felt her nipples tighten in response. Maybe the thought of marrying someone in town irked him for other reasons. Yes, because he’d probably rather have you here cooking and warming his bed for him than off doing the same for someone else.
The thought irritated her. Marriage was more than cooking and seeing to a man’s needs day and night but the male population didn’t see it that way and probably never would. She knew her options were few regardless of her own desires. Either she married someone in this town, and fast, or she’d have to move on. Doing the latter would cause problems as her funds were down to a few coins. She had no choice but to marry someone before Fletcher found her and she knew he would. She’d barely managed to get away from him in Tucson. Posing as a boy and stowing away on the train were the only things that saved her.
Looking at Marshal Avery, Abigail knew the chances of finding someone who was pleasing to the eye were slim to none. Most men, the ones she knew could protect her, were either work-worn, old or already married. Morgan Avery was neither of those things. He was strongly built, towered over most other men, looked to be in his early thirties and he was a town marshal. He held a position that guaranteed protection and protection is what she needed. When Fletcher found her, she’d need someone to stand up for her and who better than the local lawman? Too bad he didn’t seem to like her much. He would have been the perfect candidate for the job. Assuming she could ever get past his bristly attitude.
Sliding back into her seat, she smiled at him. Seeing him so speechless was pleasing in more ways than one. Goading him into thinking naughty things even more so. “Bedding a man would be a more pleasing task if he were nice to look upon. I can’t imagine baring my body to someone who is—less than desirable. Is this Mr. McNally young or old?”
Something in Morgan’s eyes gave Abigail so much pleasure she bit the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing. He looked dazed, his gaze once again resting on her breasts. He sat ramrod straight, his nostrils flaring slightly and looked transfixed on her flesh. He was thinking about this McNally man seeing her naked, she just knew he was. She leaned forward, pushing her breasts up by crossing her arms under them. “Of course, seeing how you’re unmarried, I wouldn’t have any objections to you taking on the task of marrying me. I’d have no problem crawling naked into your bed, marshal.”
He looked up quickly then, shock registering on his face. Her composure broke and she grinned. “Just something to think about,” she said. “I’m sure we could reach some arrangement. I’ve not had a man in ages so please make a decision soon. A woman has needs, too.”
Abigail rose and walked back to the sink. She was barely able to concentrate on the dirty dishes for wanting to turn and look at Morgan. She knew he’d be the last person in town to agree to marry her but the look on his face had brought her the first bit of mirth she’d had in longer than she wanted to think about. When he stood and crossed the room to her, leaning close to her back, she sucked in a quiet breath. She hadn’t lied when she said a woman had needs. She did. She missed having a man in her bed and having Morgan so close to her sent shivers racing up her spine.
He leaned in, trapping her body against the cabinet by placing both hands on either side of her. She could smell the soap on his skin and buried under what she knew was distinctly him, the faint hint of gun oil. Morgan Avery was every bit the kind of man she’d fancy. Strong, arrogant and just a little bit demanding. Turning her head to look at him, she was taken aback by the smile on his face.
“Anytime you fancy crawling into my bed, Miss Thornton, feel more than welcome to do so. Hell, I’ll marry you myself if that’s what it takes. I’ve done worse things in life and a rash decision usually ends up working out in the long run. Crawling between your thighs every night would be no burden whatsoever.”
Abigail was stunned when he leaned closer and she felt the proof of his claim stabbing at her backside. He was aroused and the look on his face confused her. Was he serious about the marriage? When he leaned toward her, angling his head to kiss her, she realized he must have been.
The kiss shocked her for more reasons than one. What she thought would be a light teasing play of lips turned out to be so soul stealing, she had to grip the cabinet edge to keep from falling. Morgan Avery kissed like his world was ending. He devoured with a single mindedness, his tongue forced into her mouth to dominate and claim possession.
His arms banded around her waist, his body flush against her back and at the odd angle, Abigail couldn’t seem to get close enough. She tried to turn but he pulled away, her bottom lip caught between his teeth for a brief second before he let go of her.
Dazed, she watched him turn and walk out of the room, his footsteps creaking on the stairs moments later. What the hell had just happened? Did his kiss promise things she’d only half-heartedly meant?
Raising a hand to her lips, Abigail thought back over their conversation. Had she said something to make him think she was asking to marry him? She’d said it all with a smile, a teasing lilt to her voice. Surely he knew that. The thought of marrying him filled her head then and she realized the thought wasn’t a burden. She hadn’t been lying about crawling into his bed. Sure he was an ass at times but he was pleasing to look at. Even as scruffy as he was the first time she’d seen him, she’d been attracted to him. She could only imagine what he looked like stripped bare. A pleasant shudder wracked her body then and she turned back to the dishes. She had time to think on that later. For all she knew, he’d been teasing her back. There was little use in getting worked up over something that wouldn’t happen anyway. Of course, just because she didn’t marry the marshal didn’t mean she couldn’t slake her desire for him. No one ever accused her of being an angel. She could seduce the opposite sex along with the best of them and with Morgan Avery, the desire to be just a little bit wanton was a pleasing prospect. He’d have no aversion to it. He’d already said as much.
She smiled as she began cleaning up the breakfast dishes. Maybe tonight she’d see how far she could push him. The worse that would happen would be him turning her down and she didn’t see that happening. He’d admitted to wanting her and losing herself for a while in his arms wouldn’t change anything. Fletcher was still after her, she was still without a husband, and Morgan Avery was still her only protector. Besides, if she were going to die soon, she might as well enjoy her last days. Morgan Avery was sure to make them enjoyable. A man that virile couldn’t help but make them so.


Chapter Four





The walk to the jail was less than enjoyable. Abigail’s playful mood from breakfast had vanished in the knowledge Morgan was going to lock her back up. He’d seriously thought after leaving her in the kitchen earlier to just let her go but a small voice in the back of his head told him that would be a mistake.
Her eagerness to marry had been his first clue something wasn’t quite right with her. She seemed willing to marry just about anyone, himself included, which threw off all sorts of warning bells. He didn’t know why he thought so, but Miss Thornton was hiding something. She seemed almost desperate at times and that was when he decided to keep her with him instead of letting her go. Of course, telling her he was keeping her in jail hadn’t gone over very well.
Getting her out of the house had been easy. He just told her to follow him and she had. When she asked where they were going and he told her to jail, she’d exploded into a ranting rage. When they stopped in front of the jail and he opened the door for her, the look on her face should have killed him where he stood. In an instant, she turned hostile. Her composure snapped and the biting, clawing hellcat from the day before returned. “I’ll be back as soon as I can, Abigail, now stop fighting me.”
She kicked him for his trouble when he guided her to the cell. “You are a loathsome creature, Morgan Avery! There’s no wonder you’re still single. I can’t imagine any woman in her right mind would want to marry you.”
He grinned and slammed the cell door shut with a clang. “You do, if I heard you correctly this morning. In fact, judging that kiss, you were ready to jump into my bed that very instant. Now be a good girl and…” He looked around the cell before shrugging. “Just sit tight. I’ll be back soon and we’ll talk about this wedding you’re so determined to have.”
“Let me out of here, Morgan! I haven’t done anything to deserve to be in here and you know it.”
“We’ll talk about it later, dear.” He grinned at her before righting his hat and walking to the door and out onto the sidewalk. Her shouts could be heard all the way through town and he ignored them as he neared the livery stable. Saddling his horse, he made quick work of it and headed for the ranch.
The valley leading out of town gave a clear view all the way to the mountains in the distance. He paid little attention to the budding life spring usually brought with it. His mind was too cluttered with thoughts of Abigail.
When he reached the ranch, riding under the metal arched entrance at the gate, he inhaled a deep breath. Fresh grass, horses and wood smoke reminded him of a childhood spent roaming the pastures and learning how to wrangle horses. Seeing the ranch house, with its blue shuttered windows and bright flowers dotted along the walkway brought thoughts of his mother to mind. It was also a reminder of his father’s declining health since her passing. That was the main reason he stayed in town. The memories were less painful if he didn’t have a daily reminder of them.
Riding toward the barn, he grinned as he watched Alex, his eight-year-old niece, in the corral trying to lasso a pony. He jumped from his horse, handing off the reins to one of the hired hands before walking to the fence. “You’ve got to get closer than that, sweet pea.”
Alex turned to look at him and her face lit up. She grinned, dropped the lasso and ran to the fence. “What you doing all the way out here?” she asked. “Pa said you had yer hands full with some cat in town.”
Morgan laughed. “I do but I can always spare a minute for my favorite niece.”
She rolled her eyes and shimmied through the corral fencing. “I’m yer only niece.”
Alex was also the only girl he’d ever known that didn’t realize she was one. She hated all things lacy, preferring trousers and a good sturdy horse to dresses and dolls. The old hat she wore was battered and worn, a relic from his youth. It had been handed down to his little brother, Tristan, until he’d outgrown it and stored it in the attic until Alex found it, preferring it to the fancy dress hat she’d gotten as a birthday present. Morgan tipped the front of the hat up so he could see her face and rubbed at a dirty spot on her cheek. “Still my favorite all the same,” he told her. When she grinned at him, he turned toward the house. “Where’s your pa at? I need to speak to him.”
“He’s in the house with grandpa.”
When she frowned, Morgan knew something had happened. “What was it this time?”
Alex shrugged her small shoulders. “Don’t rightly know. Grandpa was going on all morning about somebody named Buck and saying he’s gonna kill him. Pa was upset and sent me outside. I ain’t seen hide nor hair of ’em since.”
Morgan left her there by the corral with a kiss on the cheek and a promise to come back and help her with the lasso and headed for the house. When he reached the porch, Holden walked out the front door. “For god’s sake, Morgan, don’t even speak to the man. It took me damn near two hours to calm him down.”
“That bad, huh?”
Holden nodded and ushered him back down the steps. He looked toward the corral, smiling at Alex before turning his attention to him. “So, what brings you way out here? And please tell me you didn’t leave that woman locked up in the jail.”
Morgan sighed, lifted his hat and ran a hand through his hair before placing it back on his head. He looked over at Holden and thought of lying to him. He grinned instead. “Actually, I did. Can’t let her just walk around town. I did arrest her if you remember.”
“I remember. I’m just not sure why you did.”
Morgan was trying to figure that one out himself. At the time, it seemed like the right thing to do but now that he looked back on it, he knew he’d just done it because she’d annoyed him and ruined his day. Sure the saloon was destroyed but hell, it looked like that once a month anyway. Someone was always starting a brawl in there. The last time, Ben Crowley and his crew had done it. They’d all spent a night in jail to sleep off their drunk and he released them the next day. It was what he’d planned on doing with Abigail so why was she still locked in that tiny cell?
If he knew the answer to that, he wouldn’t even be out here. Her asking if Holden was unmarried started him thinking things he shouldn’t have. At the time, he’d been shocked, then put out she’d asked about his brother first as a possible husband and not himself. Not that getting married was on his list of priorities. It hadn’t been in years, but it still stung a bit knowing his brother was preferred over him. Then Abigail had thrown him for a loop and propositioned him instead, going so far as to saying she wanted to crawl into his bed. The visual of her doing just that, butt ass naked, had left him aching to have her. He knew she was just pulling his leg, he could see the mischief in her eyes when she said it, and playing along had gained him a boon. A kiss. One he regretted ending so soon. The woman was as sweet as she looked. He’d grown hard and eager for her then and knew if he’d let it go on much longer, he would have had her bent over the table with her skirt over her head while feasting on her flesh like she was his personal dessert.
The look on her face after kissing him confused him though. She wasn’t angry like he thought she’d be which led him to think maybe he’d read her wrong. That maybe she hadn’t been teasing him about marriage after all. And he’d gone and said he would.
He looked back over at Holden, raised a hand and scratched his chin. “I think I might have agreed to marry her this morning.” 
Holden said nothing. Just stood there staring at him for long moments before he started laughing. A few of the ranch hands looked their way, even Alex stopped what she was doing to see what was going on. When Holden finally stopped hee-hawing, Morgan was scowling at him. “It ain’t that damn funny.”
“Oh, but it is.” Holden rubbed his eyes, grinning widely. “Miss Angelina over at the saloon will go out of business if you stop calling on her girls. That is assuming having a wife at home is enough to keep you occupied.”
Morgan hadn’t even thought of that. He laughed and shook his head. “Don’t guess many women would want their husbands spending much time in the rooms above the saloon. Guess I could always get out of it that way.”
Holden turned to face him, one eyebrow raised. “Get out of it? You can’t be serious.”
“Why the hell wouldn’t I be?” Morgan started across the yard, heading back to the corral where Alex was trying to lasso her pony. Holden followed. “Would you give up a harem full of women for the same one every damn night?”
Holden grinned. “Actually, yeah, I would.”
The fact Holden had been married at one time escaped him most days. His brother’s marriage to Maggie had been so brief it was hard to recall what she’d even looked like. Looking at Alex usually reminded him, though. She had her mother’s blond hair and dainty features. She was small and fair skinned and he hoped like hell she wasn’t prone to sickness like her mother had been. Losing Maggie had been hard on them all, especially Holden. Taking care of a newborn was a daunting task for a house full of men but they’d done it. It was probably why the girl had an aversion to all things—girly.
“You’re not still thinking about Cecilia, are you? Because you can’t judge all women by that one. Marriage isn’t as difficult as she made it out to be.”
At the mention of her name, Morgan felt his stomach clench in remembered anguish. He tried not to think of her most days. It’s why he spent as little time as possible in the fancy house he’d had built in town. It was for her, after all. Shaking his head, he threw Holden a heated glare. “I hadn’t thought of her at all before now so thanks for the reminder.”
“Sorry,” Holden said. He turned, braced his back against the fence and crossed his arms over his chest. “So, tell me what happened. How did marriage come about with your prisoner and why aren’t you jumping at the chance?”
Morgan told him how the conversation started, omitting the part where Abigail asked if Holden were single. “I thought she was teasing me but now I get the impression she wasn’t.”
“And you’ve told her you would?”
He nodded his head. “Pretty much.”
Holden laughed and slapped him on the shoulder. “Not sure what to tell you, Morgan, other than to take advantage of it. There’s worse things to be saddled with than a willing woman in your bed every night. If it were me, I’d already have ridden half the country trying to find the circuit preacher.”
Morgan blew out a breath and pushed the rim of his hat up. Talking to Holden hadn’t brought him any closer to an answer than he had before riding out to the ranch. He wasn’t even sure why he cared. Telling Abigail he wasn’t serious about marrying her would be easy but for some reason, a little part of him didn’t really want to do it. Probably the part that got tired of paying for sex and eating cold, bland meals by himself. Having a woman at home waiting on him would be nice. The thought used to cheer him up but ever since Cecilia, it only brought home the fact that having a woman was more trouble than they were worth and he was sure Abigail Thornton would be too.


* * * *


Abigail had paced the length of her tiny cell until her feet ached. She’d cursed Morgan Avery’s name in every fashion she knew how and plotted ways to get even with him for taking advantage of her. She’d cooked a meal for him that even her grandmamma would have been proud of, treated him to a salacious reminder that she was a woman in need of a man and kissed him back as hungrily as he’d kissed her. And what had the ornery old goat done? Locked her back up in this stinking little hovel of a jail cell and—left her there!
She’d yelled until her throat was hoarse and been the subject of more than one person sticking their head inside the jailhouse to stare at her. A few venomous words had them all retreating. She was furious at the townsfolk of Willow Creek as well. How could they leave her, a woman, inside the building alone without even batting an eye? What sort of people were in this town anyway?
The door opened again and Abigail turned, ready to let fly another vicious tirade at the man who stuck his head in to gawk at her but stilled her tongue when a heavy set woman with graying hair walked in. The woman smiled, repositioned the basket that was hanging from her arm by the handle, and pushed the door open wide. “Good afternoon to ya.”
Abigail tried to smile but failed miserably. The woman didn’t seem to notice. She was too busy dragging the chair sitting in front of the desk across the room and toward the jail cell.
When she had the chair where she wanted it, she stood, placed the basket on top and stuck her hand through the bars. “I’m Edna Pierce and let me say, Morgan Avery should be ashamed of himself locking you up in here.”
The smile Abigail graced the woman with was genuine, then. Someone else in this town thought the marshal was a vile creature, too. Abigail liked her already. “Pleasure to meet you,” she said, taking the woman’s hand. “Abigail Thornton.”
Edna clucked her tongue, shaking her head before scrunching up her nose. “This place is as horrible as always. It smells of filth and isn’t a fit place for a woman.” She turned, grabbed the basket and slid back the checkered linen lying on top. An assortment of food lay inside. Chicken and biscuits, an apple, and a few slices of cheese. It was enough to cause Abigail’s stomach to growl. It had been hours since breakfast and she hadn’t eaten much then.
Taking the basket when it was offered, Abigail sat on the edge of the cot and tucked into the food as Edna sat down on the chair. The woman started talking immediately and Abigail only half listened. The goings on in town really didn’t interest her. It didn’t take long to realize Edna Pierce was the town busy-body and local gossip.
The woman talked nonstop for twenty minutes about nonsensical things but Abigail perked up when she heard Morgan’s name mentioned and raised her head. Edna had a disapproving look on her face. “He’s not fit for much more than sitting in this jail,” she was saying. “Why, the way he carries on…” Edna shook her head, making that clucking sound with her tongue. She leaned forward and lowered her voice to a whisper. “He spends almost every night over at the saloon. The way I hear it, he knows more about those… women, they keep upstairs than anyone else in town.” Edna raised her eyebrows in an exaggerated manner. “He’s not very particular, they say.”
Edna went into great detail about Morgan’s social life, particularly his fondness of the whores above the saloon. He spent more time in their beds than he did his own, apparently. When Abigail asked why, Edna brightened and straightened her back. “Oh, most people think it’s because of Miss Cecilia.”
The mention of another woman drew Abigail’s attention fully. She wiped her hands on the checked linen and sat the basket on the floor by her feet. “Who is Cecilia?”
“Oh, she was the marshal’s fiancée. He built that house for her, you know. Spent every dime he had getting it all fixed up. Sent off for store bought furniture, too. I haven’t seen the inside but I hear it’s the grandest home in all of Willow Creek.”
Abigail blinked at Edna and opened her mouth to say the house was nice but the woman talked right over her.
“She was a pretty little thing, that Cecilia. A little uppity if you ask me, but most people with money usually are.” Edna sniffed as if she were slighted and continued. “The way I hear it, once Miss Cecilia saw how small and rugged Willow Creek was, she was so offended Morgan would even consider making her live here, she cried all the way back to Missoula and straight to the arms of her father’s business associate. She’s living out in San Francisco last I heard.”
The conversation lasted for another hour and Abigail was yawning by the time Edna got around to telling her about Morgan’s three brothers. Apparently one of them, Colton, was an outlaw wanted in four states and dangerous to boot. He was the twin to Holden, whom she’d met. The youngest, Tristan, also had a tarnished reputation. A gambler by trade who didn’t know how to turn down a card game if his life depended on it and their father was just this side of crazy ever since their mamma passed.
When Edna stopped talking, Abigail focused her attention back on her. “He hasn’t done anything… unseemly since he locked you up has he?”
Abigail grinned. “Not really.”
Edna’s eyes widened. “Oh, do tell.”
The fact this woman would probably tell everything Abigail said to her to every person who would listen didn’t cross her mind until it was too late. When she told Edna Morgan had taken her home with him last night, the woman looked so scandalized, she rose from her seat, hand to her chest, and gasped until her face turned blue.
“Took you home with him! Whatever for?” Edna jumped to conclusions and was in a tizzy within moments. She was mumbling to herself, wringing her hands and talking about having Morgan booted out of his position as town marshal. Normally, Abigail wouldn’t have cared but since she’d had time to cool off, her ire at Morgan wasn’t as severe as it had been. Hearing this woman spout off about having Morgan lose his job, however, was her fault entirely.
She stood, walked to the cell door and reached through, trying to get Edna’s attention. “Don’t worry, Edna. He was a perfect gentleman, I can assure you.”
Edna stopped pacing and turned to look at her. “Are you sure?”
Abigail smiled and nodded her head, laughing to try and lighten the mood. “Yes. I used one of the spare bedrooms. He didn’t want me to have to sleep here in the cell on that old cot.”
“Oh.” Edna actually looked disappointed for a moment before she scoffed. “Well, I’m surprised. Morgan hasn’t ever been overly kind to anyone, especially me. He’s a horrible, vile, wretched man. Why, I think he purposely tries to annoy me most days.”
He probably does. Abigail kept that comment to herself and smiled. “He was nothing but kind, Edna, so don’t go worrying about how I was treated. Why, when he found out my husband to be wasn’t here to greet me he said he’d marry me!” The moment the words were out of her mouth, Abigail regretted them. She didn’t know why she said it other than to dispel Edna’s aggravation at Morgan, but when Edna looked at her, she could see a change come over the woman. It was like watching the sun burst through the clouds and brighten a once gloomy day. Edna perked right up, smiling before clasping her hands together. “See, I knew the marshal was a kind and decent man. I’ve been telling everyone in town that he is and no one will believe me. Why, you just wait until they hear of this! They’ll all see.”
Edna left in a swirl of petticoats, pulling the door to the jail closed behind her. Abigail wasn’t sure exactly what happened, or what changed Edna’s mind where Morgan was concerned, but trying to figure it all out would do her no good anyway. She was still locked up, Morgan was still not letting her go and she really had to use the privy. She glanced at the pot under the small bed and grimaced. “I really do hate you, Morgan Avery.”
The moment she said his name, he opened the door to the jail house and walked in. He had the audacity to smile at her and her temper flared at the smug look on his face. “It’s about time. Do you have any idea how hellish my day has been?”
“Not really but I’m sure you’re going to tell me.” He approached the cell, removed the key in his pocket and unlocked the door.
“Are you finally going to let me go?”
He grinned and held the door open for her. “Nope. You’re coming home with me.”
“What ever for?”
The look on his face promised things that made her insides quiver. She hesitated before stepping out of the cell, staring him in the eye as she stopped in front of him. She raised an eyebrow, sucked in a breath large enough her breasts rubbed against his chest. “Have you come to some accord about our arrangement, then?” 


Chapter Five





Abigail refused to speak to him all the way back to the house. She was angry with him again. Not that he could blame her. Telling her he’d like to try out the merchandise first hand before marrying her sent her into a tizzy. Add in the fact he’d left her locked up all day and hadn’t even made it back in time to grab her lunch and the woman had been fit to be tied. Seeing the basket on the floor by the cot eased his mind though. Someone had remembered she was there. Who that person was left him more curious than it should have. Was it one of the men in town? And if so, which one?
He’d ridden back into town with every intention of discussing this marriage business with her. He still wasn’t sure if she was serious about it or not. One minute he thought she was, the next he laughed it off as her just teasing him. But every time he thought of it, he could picture himself married to her. Then reality settled in and he pushed the notion away. What did he need a wife for? Especially one as prickly as this one could be. She was too outspoken, too prone to tantrums. It was hard to tell what she’d do if pushed to it.
He called her name again, only to have her ignore him and quicken her pace.
When they arrived back at his house, Abigail climbed the stairs and went straight to her room, slamming the door behind her. Morgan realized leaving her in the jail all day wasn’t the smartest thing he could have ever done. She was mad at him again.
He locked up the house, climbed the stairs in the dark, and walked down the hall to her door. The latch apparently hadn’t caught when she slammed it because it wasn’t closed now. A small shaft of light illuminated the hallway enough for him to see without falling.
Reaching the door, he pushed it the rest of the way open and whished he wouldn’t have. Abigail was in the process of undressing and what little sunlight was streaming through the window was enough for him to see clean through her shift. She turned, saw him standing there, and unlike what most women would have done—scrambled to cover themselves—she propped her hands on her hips and glared at him. He could tell her bravado was tinged with embarrassment. Her neck went all funny with red splotches and her cheeks flushed pink.
“Do you mind?” she asked. “This is my room after all. You don’t see me barging into your room seeing you in your drawers, now do you?”
He grinned and leaned his shoulder against the doorjamb. “Well, for starters, I wouldn’t object to you doing so, although I’m known to not wear my drawers more often than I do, so I can’t promise what you’d see. As for minding seeing you like that? Not at all. Continue to undress if you wish.”
She huffed out a breath, crossed her arms under those perky little breasts and scowled at him. “What do you want?”
He opened his mouth to answer but found it hard to get a word out. Seeing her standing there with the light coming through her shift was too much of a distraction. He could see her nipples, the dark areolas pressed against the fabric and begging him to cross the room and take them into his mouth right through the cloth. Her shapely thighs drew his eye to the thatch of thick hair between her legs. Damned if just seeing her there didn’t cause his cock to throb and make him want to demand she marry him. If he married her she’d be all his. That luscious body his to command every night until the day he died. He almost said as much but then remembered how easy she was to provoke. Being married to her would be the best of heaven and the very worst of hell. Arguing every day until he was ready to just saddle his horse and ride away and loving her every night until he begged her never to leave him. It just wasn’t worth the headache.
Focusing his gaze back on her face, he straightened. “I just wanted to apologize to you. I didn’t mean to be gone all day. Tomorrow, you’re free to go.”
Her eyes widened and a puzzled look stole over her features. He thought a hint of fear clouded her face but it passed so quickly he decided he imagined it. Telling her goodnight, he pulled her door shut, walked to his room and started undressing.
The more he thought of her the more he wished he could just forget about her completely. His life was fine, if not a little dull, before she’d come to town and now, two days later, all he could do was think about her. She consumed his thoughts and every time he looked at her his body ached to take her. To claim her as his and give her his name. If he didn’t someone else would. He knew that without even thinking too hard on it. The men to women ratio in Willow Creek was severely lopsided. Abigail Thornton wouldn’t have to worry about being unmarried long and the idea of her in someone else’s bed caused a hint of unease to settle like an ache between his shoulder blades.
Tossing his shirt to the corner, he sat down on the bed, removed his boots and sat staring at the door. He needed to make up his mind where Abigail was concerned. Either ask her to marry him all proper like or just forget about her, head to the saloon and slake his desire with one of Miss Angelina’s girls. It had been that way for years, there was no reason to expect more now just because he had a pretty little thing in the next room over.
Thinking of her lying in bed on the other side of the wall, he groaned, flopped back on the bed and closed his eyes. “If I don’t get her out of my house, I’m going to go mad.” Images of her half naked came unbidden to him then and he groaned, his cock once again stirring. Reaching down to adjust himself he shook his head and vowed, come morning, Miss Abigail Thornton would be nothing but a memory. He’d see her ensconced into the hotel by noon and out of his life forever.


* * * *


Abigail hesitated, her arm outstretched. What started as a well thought out plan seemed a bit over the top now. She chewed her bottom lip and debated on forgetting the whole thing. An inhaled breath calmed her nerves somewhat. She reached up, unbraided her hair, tossing the long locks over her shoulder, and reached for the doorknob.
She opened the door without knocking.
And got a tantalizing view of Morgan’s naked backside. “So, today is a no drawers kind of day, I see.”
Morgan spun on his heel, pants dangling from his hand. He looked shocked to see her if the expression on his face was any indication. Abigail let her gaze roam the length of him, from his wide shoulders, his strong chest with its dusting of fine dark hair, to his flat belly. When she directed her gaze to his cock, she smiled when it twitched. He was semi-hard and growing by the second.
Focusing her attention back to his face, she entered the room fully, shutting the door behind her. “What? No witty retort? I’m disappointed.”
It took him a few seconds to respond but he dropped the pants by his feet and smiled. “I can think of better things to do at the moment than talk, Abigail.”
“What are you waiting for, then?”
He hesitated, apparently trying to see if she was serious before deciding she was and crossed the room in three large steps, wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. His tongue invaded her mouth, one hand pressed to the back of her head to keep her where he wanted her. Abigail sagged against him, her body flush against his strong muscular frame. Her skin burned where they touched and her shift was a barrier she didn’t want at the moment. She should have taken it off before entering the room.
Morgan broke the kiss long enough to bend and wrap an arm under her knees and carry her to the bed. He wasted no time joining her. Lying half on top of her, he locked eyes with her. “You sure this is what you want? Because I swear if you’re playing with me I’ll lock you in that jail until you rot.”
Abigail grinned and arched her back, pressing her breasts into his chest. “I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
He smiled, lowered his hand and dragged the tail of her shift up her legs, baring her from waist down to his hungry gaze. His fingers teased her inner thigh, tickling a path to her center before delving into her moist heat. Abigail parted her knees and sucked in a harsh breath, her eyes fluttering closed before she gasped when he impaled her with two fingers. “Sweet heaven…”
“That you are,” he said. “Untie your shift.”
Abigail did as asked and pulled the material apart. Her breasts now bared, Morgan lowered his head, teased her nipple with the tip of his tongue and worked his fingers inside of her until she was squirming on the bed.
Walking into Morgan’s room had been an impulsive idea after he said she was free to go the next day. Fear had skated along her spine until she was weak with it. Now, lying across his bed with his fingers and mouth playing her so deliciously, Abigail wondered why she hadn’t made a move at breakfast when he’d kissed her and pressed his erection to her backside.
Opening her eyes, she watched him suck her breast into his mouth, his lips closing around her nipple again. “Don’t tease me all night, Morgan. It’s been too long.”
Rising, he lifted her leg, slid between her thighs and lowered himself to lie against her. She felt the head of his cock press against her and raised her hips, staring at his face as he slid in.
He moaned deep in his throat, his eyes fluttering closed briefly before he looked down at her and angled his hips in such a fashion that with every push, Abigail felt a small wash of pleasure trickle from her center and explode to every nerve ending.
She’d thought earlier that morning that Morgan kissed like his world was ending. He fucked in the same manner. Mindless, hard pounding thrusts that forced a gasp from her throat before she had to grab him, hold on, and ride wave after wave of sweet torment.
He took her breast again, his mouth closing over her nipple and sucking as he continued to push inside of her. She was half delirious and shaking by the time she felt the tingles start racing in laps down her legs and her stomach clenched. “Morgan…” The smile on his face when she whispered his name was one of pride and determination. The pace of his thrusts grew faster, the force behind them almost bruising and Abigail was thrown into a maelstrom that caused a scream to burst forth and ring in her ears as lights sparked off behind her closed eyelids.
He slowed his pace, the angle at which he pushed inside changed and Abigail could only lay there and moan as each listless intrusion sent aftershocks chasing each other through her limbs. She forced her eyes open and the satisfied look on his face was evident. He was pleased with himself.
“Warmed up yet?” he asked.
Abigail raised an eyebrow. “Warmed up?”
He grinned, leaned down and sucked her bottom lip into his mouth. “Mmhumm… I haven’t even begun to love you yet, Miss Thornton.”
“Good lord…” Abigail’s eyes fluttered closed as Morgan continued the easy slide and retreat, his cock filling her completely before slipping away. His hand caressed her hip, his lips tickling a path across her throat and neck. Sweat formed on her skin as the minutes ticked away. By the time her limbs were shaking and she felt her stomach clench with impending release, Morgan was breathing heavily, his thrusts becoming harder. He mumbled something against her hair, his fingers biting into the flesh at her hip.
Abigail wrapped her legs around his waist, her arms encircling his neck gripping tighter as she buried her face against his throat. She made an anguished sound, the noise sounding distant even to her as Morgan increased his thrusts.
The climax rushed over her in such a manner, Abigail was too weak to do anything as Morgan gave his own harsh shout and spilled himself inside of her. He collapsed on top of her, his weight holding her firmly in place. Their breaths were labored, their skin damp with moisture. The chill in the room was a blessed relief after the burning heat she’d felt.
He was the first to recover, groaning before rolling off of her to lie beside her. Abigail stared at the ceiling, too numb to do much more than try and breathe and blink her eyes. Long minutes passed before she turned her head to look at him.
His eyes were closed, his chest rising rapidly. He looked asleep and she thought he was after he didn’t move for so long. When he turned his head and looked at her, he grinned. “Now that, Miss Thornton, was worth every bit of torment you’ve caused me since stepping foot in this town.”
Abigail rolled her eyes at him. “You’re the one who tormented me, Marshal Avery. Locking me up for nothing more than walking into a saloon.”
“And getting my pretty face messed up.”
She snorted a laugh. He rolled toward her and lifted his hand, pulling a hank of her hair forward over her shoulder. He stared at it, rubbing the strands between his fingers before looking up at her. “So, what happens now?”
Abigail wasn’t sure what he meant. Was he asking her about what she’d do after tomorrow? Their teasing marriage plans or something else? She wasn’t sure and didn’t want to assume anything. She’d done that already and was still confused by it. She sat up, slid to the edge of the bed and looked back over her shoulder at him. “At the moment, I’m going to try out that fancy washroom you have at the end of the hall. Is that tub big enough for two?”
He grinned and sat up. “Yeah. Want some company?”
“I wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t.” She stood and walked to the door, not bothering to look and see if he was following her. She was sure he was. Any man who could go that long and love a woman so completely surely wouldn’t be sated after one roll across the bed. It’s probably why he spent so much time over at that saloon. Abigail frowned while thinking of those women. Come tomorrow, Morgan would probably be back over there giving one of them a mind blowing orgasm strong enough to shake her entire world.
Opening the washroom door, she glanced over her shoulder. He was walking the length of the hall toward her, his predatory gaze fixed to her backside. She smiled while looking at him. If she had anything to do with it, Morgan Avery wouldn’t step foot inside that saloon again for anything other than a shot of whiskey. She may not have known if him agreeing to marry her was just his way of teasing her or not but by morning, she’d be damned sure he thought twice before telling her no.


Chapter Six





The walk to the jail was for once, done with a whistle and a lively step. Morgan couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so—alive. He’d woken to the feel of warm lips wrapped around his cock, soft hands running laps over his chest and belly and hadn’t wanted to leave the bed all day. He wouldn’t have either if his stomach hadn’t started growling. Abigail had laughed, kissed him until he was ready to take her again and crawled from his bed. He’d watched her walk away, her heart shaped naked bottom swaying from side to side, with a smile on his face.
That smile vanished at breakfast. When he engaged Abigail into a discussion about where she was from, she fed him a line about being an orphan. He’d believed her until those funny little splotches broke out on her neck and she refused to look at him. He knew then she was hiding something.
When he reached the jail, he shut the door behind him, walked to the desk and pulled the drawer open, grabbing the stack of old wanted posters he kept inside. He studied each one, reading the description of every person listed and the crime they’d committed. Of the few women pictured, none of them even came close to resembling Abigail and he had to wonder if that was even her name. He remembered asking her in the saloon the day the brawl broke out, and her hesitating when giving him her last name came back to him in an instant. Thornton wasn’t her last name. He’d bet his badge on it. If she wasn’t who she said she was, then who was she and what was she running from?
Placing the posters back in his desk, he leaned back and stared across the jail, his gaze landing on the cell he’d locked her in. A brief thought of putting her back in there washed over him before he dismissed it. He’d left her in his kitchen, kissed so completely she’d been breathless when he turned to leave. She’d looked happy for the first time since he’d met her. Putting her back in that cell would accomplish nothing. Well, nothing other than making her mad at him again and he was enjoying her company too much at the moment to do that.
He sighed, leaned forward and propped his elbows on the desk. If Abigail was in trouble, he needed to find out from what. Or who, he suddenly thought. Was that why she was so adamant on finding a husband? Was she running from something? Or someone?
Shaking his head as the questions kept piling up, he stood, repositioned his hat on his head and left the jail, walking the length of town to the new telegraph office at the end of the street.
Fergus McDonald greeted him with a toothy smile. “Morning, marshal. What can I do for you today?”
Morgan walked to the counter, leaned against it and studied the man. He was tall, lean and had more hair on his arms than he did his head. He was new to town, setting up the telegraph service just the year before. It had been a time saver for many since the lines came through, especially him. Not having to ride to Missoula every time he needed information from the sheriff there was a blessing. “Need to get a message to Sheriff Bower over in Missoula.”
“All right then.” Fergus handed him a slip of paper and a pencil. “Just write it all down for me and I’ll get it sent off for you.”
Morgan wrote the message, paid Fergus and waited until the message had been sent. When he turned to leave, Fergus wished him good luck on the day and happy blessings to boot. He wasn’t sure what the hell that was supposed to mean and his confusion grew as the day wore on. Every person he met seemed to be in a good mood. Well wishes from people he rarely spoke to came unbidden but the girls in the saloon weren’t so welcoming. They were acting funny. They shunned him, tossed their noses in the air and wouldn’t even come down to talk to him. Ungrateful, the whole lot of ’em. He’d tossed his drink back and left without another word. He didn’t need them anyway. Not with Abigail taking up residence in his house. Lord knows having her in his bed was a damn sight more enjoyable than those whores were.


* * * *


Abigail chewed her thumbnail and paced the length of Edna Pierce’s bedroom. What was she supposed to do now?
When Edna had showed up at Morgan’s moments after he left, the woman had been in such a jovial mood, Abigail hadn’t hesitated about following her out of the house and down the street. She’d looked in the jailhouse window at Morgan as they passed and the urge to run in and kiss him again had been strong. She’d refrained as Edna wouldn’t have let go of her arm long enough to do so and had dragged her to her house instead. Once inside the modest home, she’d been met by a host of other women. The merchant’s wife, Mrs. Jenkins, was there with an armful of pretty lace dresses. An elderly lady asking what flavor of cake icing did she like best, orange or lemon, and a young girl of no more than sixteen armed with brushes, hair pins and small dainty flowers.
After the commotion grew to an orchestra of shrill voices, Abigail yelled, “Stop,” to get everyone’s attention. When they all turned to look at her, she smiled, cleared her throat and tried to keep her voice in a low, even tone. “Would someone like to tell me what’s going on?”
They stared at her like she suddenly grew a second head before laughing. The young girl, Miranda Talbert, was the first to recover. “Why it’s your wedding day. What else?”
“My wedding…” Abigail’s eyes widened. Her wedding day! The cake, the dresses and young Miranda’s tiny flowers rushed at her in a flash. They were going to prepare her for a wedding? She was almost afraid to ask to whom. “Um, a wedding?”
“Of course, a wedding,” Edna said, smiling as she stepped in front of her. “When you told me yesterday that Marshal Avery asked you to marry him I knew that it was up to me to see that your day be perfect. Lord knows that man would have botched the whole affair and with you new in town, I assumed you didn’t know anyone. Just think of this as our gift to you. A welcome to Willow Creek, so to speak.”
Speak was something Abigail couldn’t do at the moment. She sank into a nearby chair, stared at the ladies around her and went numb. Last night, and most of the morning, had been perfect. Her plan to seduce Morgan in hopes he wouldn’t toss her out of his house had resulted in one of the most sensual nights of her life. She’d been pleasured to this side of pain and would have begged for more if hunger hadn’t forced them from the bed. The whole teasing marriage thing hadn’t even crossed her mind. What would she do now? Did Morgan know any of this was planned?
Swallowing to moisten her throat, she asked. “Um, does Morgan know what you’re planning today?”
“He’ll know soon enough. I sent my Bert out to his family’s ranch to let them know about his nuptials so don’t you worry none. He’ll be here.”
Something in Edna’s face led Abigail to believe the woman didn’t care if Morgan wanted to be married today or not. He’d do it because she thought he should. There was bad blood there but she wasn’t about to ask. She didn’t care, if the truth were known.
The other questions she had were waved away as Mrs. Jenkins showed her several dresses, making her choose one from the stack she’d brought. The cake preference was given and Miranda had her in a chair, her hair pulled up off her neck and tiny pink and white flowers woven in with the strands before she could think of a way to stall the whole process. When she was dressed, they’d left her alone… which led to chewing her nails and pacing the room. “Damn it, this can’t be happening. Not like this.”
Looking toward the window, she wondered if she could just jump out and run. Run where, she didn’t know. She was sure Edna would track her down. There wasn’t anywhere to go other than back to Morgan’s and that would be the first place they looked for her.
She was stuck, like it or not. She was getting married today. Edna had gone to too much trouble to back out now. Besides, she’d come to Willow Creek to marry and although her plans hadn’t gone exactly as she’d thought they would, all wasn’t lost. If Morgan didn’t want to marry her, then someone would. She was almost positive. Question was, could she go through with it if the man who asked wasn’t even remotely as exciting as Morgan Avery was?


* * * *


Morgan had just propped his feet up on the desk, pulled his hat down over his eyes and leaned back in his chair when the door opened. He pretended he was asleep, hoping whoever was there would just go away and come back later.
His entire morning had been one confusing occurrence after another and he was exhausted trying to sort it all out. The unknown person shut the door but their booted feet on the floor let him know they hadn’t pulled it shut from the outside. Just his luck.
Long moments ticked by and when no one spoke, Morgan sighed and lifted the hat off his face. Seeing Holden standing there grinning at him confused him even more. “Please tell me you’re here to explain why the whole town has gone soft in the head.”
Holden raised an eyebrow and sat in the vacant chair across from the desk. “What? You don’t know?”
Morgan shook his head. “Nope, but every person I’ve seen today has wished me luck, congratulated me for something, or they just stood there grinning before they started gossiping.”
“Have you asked anyone about it?”
“Hell no. I was too confused at first then got this funny feeling I wasn’t going to like the answer so I was trying to ignore it until you came in. Now, what are you doing in town? Better yet, why are you still grinning at me like that?”
Holden laughed before standing up. “You better come on. You can’t go dressed like that.”
“Dressed like this for what?”
“Your wedding.”
Morgan had imagined a lot of things today when everyone started acting funny but a wedding, his apparently, hadn’t been one of them. It all made sense now, though. The congratulations, the smiles, and the gossip. The whoring, drinking, single town marshal getting married was enough to get the town talking and it had. He just wished someone had told him about it.
He eyed Holden as he lowered his feet to the floor. His brother was dressed in his Sunday best, his boots shined up and his dress hat on. He’d even put on a string tie. He looked quite spiffy. Every bit the well off rancher he was. Standing, Morgan glanced out the window, his eyes widening when he saw Alex in the buckboard sitting beside his pa. “How’d you get him out of the house?”
“I didn’t. Not really. I told him me and Alex was coming to town to see you get hitched and that far-off look usually in his eyes cleared. He stood, walked to his room and came back out with his boots and hat on.”
“He dressed himself?”
Holden laughed. “No. He was still in his drawers but I saw fit to find his clothes for him.”
Rounding the desk, Morgan walked to the door, opened it and looked out at his pa. The man hadn’t been right in the head since their mother died. They weren’t sure what happened to him exactly but it was like a switch had been flipped and he lived in a world of his own making. He talked to himself most of the time, carried on complete conversations with people who weren’t there, and seemed a million miles away. The fact he heard Holden and understood what was happening was a miracle.
“Time’s a wasting, Morgan. Are you going to change your clothes or not?”
Morgan turned his attention back to Holden. “Who planned all this because I sure as hell didn’t.”
Holden shrugged his shoulder. “Don’t know. Bert Pierce rode out a few hours ago and told me to be here right after lunch. Said you and Abigail were getting married.”
“Abigail…” Morgan sighed. Damn. She was serious then. He’d let himself believe she’d been teasing him about marrying her and now she’d gone and involved the whole damn town in it. He didn’t know whether to wring her neck or just laugh at the ridiculousness of it all. He had no one but himself to blame. He did say he’d marry her after all.
Shaking his head, he walked outside, looking back at Holden once on the sidewalk. “I have to talk to Abigail. Where’s this all happening at?”
“In the grove out behind the mercantile.”
Nodding his head, Morgan started across town. The streets were deserted, he noticed. Everyone must be in the grove waiting to see him get hitched. He rolled his eyes. He’d let his mouth get away with him one time too many and this just proved it. Marrying Abigail wasn’t a completely horrible thought but he would have at least liked the time to warm up to the idea. Or talk her out of it.
A bead of sweat trickled down his back as he walked between the buildings. For some reason, he felt as if he was walking to the gallows. Married. Him. He almost laughed but seeing the crowd of people gathered in the small grassy copse of trees, a sudden, irrational fear forced the humor away.
The feeling grew when he saw Abigail standing with a group of women by a table filled with food. She turned to look at him and his breath caught. She was the prettiest thing he’d seen in ages and he was about to toss her away. Stupid didn’t even begin to describe how he felt at that moment.


Chapter Seven





Abigail excused herself from the conversation happening around her and made her way toward Morgan. He was still dressed as he was this morning, his denim trousers and plain chambray shirt and dusty boots. He hadn’t cleaned up for their wedding which told her he wasn’t there to say, “I do.” When she stopped in front of him, she blurted, “I didn’t do this. I swear it.”
Morgan looked over her shoulder to the women gathered around the table. “I can only guess who did.”
“Edna.”
He huffed out a harsh breath. “Figures. That old bat can’t leave well enough alone.” He turned his attention back to her and smiled as he took in her dress and hair. “You look real pretty, Abigail.”
She blushed and knew she wasn’t too pretty now. She could only imagine the pattern those splotches made on her skin but she knew they were there. “Thanks.” She cleared her throat, looked away uneasily before sighing. “What do we do?”
He didn’t get a chance to answer. Edna approached them, said it was time to start and before either could get a word in, someone was playing music from an old fiddle, the people gathered all turned and waited to watch them approach the circuit preacher standing in front of the crowd. How they’d found the preacher wasn’t nearly as fascinating as the fact so many people were there to witness the whole thing. Abigail wasn’t even aware this many people lived in and around Willow Creek.
Turning to Morgan, Abigail smiled. “You don’t have to do this, Morgan. I know it kind of snowballed so if you’d rather not, it’s fine with me.”
He looked so relieved, Abigail had to force a smile onto her face to hide the painful clenching of her heart before she looked away. Him saying her name was the only thing that made her look at him.
“Go on back to the house, Abigail. I’ll break this party up and we’ll talk when I get there.”
She stared at him for long moments before shaking her head. “No, I’m still going to get married.” An inhaled breath, taken deeply enough to fill her lungs to capacity helped calm her nerves. “I need a husband, Morgan. I can’t live in your house forever. Besides, if I stay there much longer, people will get the wrong impression and no one will want to marry me.” She lifted one shoulder, a sad smile covering her face. “I have to do this. I have no other choice.”
Abigail turned and made her way through the crowd, toward the preacher. When she turned to face everyone, she smiled and took a deep breath. “I wanted to thank everyone for coming today and for you ladies who put this all together.” There were warm smiles and small chattering heard as Abigail stared at their faces. One face stuck out. Morgan’s. He was still standing where she left him. She ignored him and continued. “There seems to be a mix up. Morgan never actually asked me to marry him. I sort of asked him.” That earned a few laughs and she waited until they’d calmed. “And springing this on him today has sort of left him—”
“Pressed for time.” Morgan was moving through the crowd, making his way to her and Abigail wasn’t sure what to make of it. The look on his face was unreadable. When he reached her, he took her arm, turned her toward the preacher and told the man to, “get on with it.”
Trying to control the stunned look on her face was easier said than done but Abigail managed to not stare at Morgan as if he’d lost his mind. He was looking at the preacher, his mouth set in a firm, hard line and his eyes looked entirely too bright. What was he doing?
When the preacher began to speak, Abigail wondered if it were all a dream. She heard Morgan say, “I do,” and when it was her turn to do the same, he had to squeeze her hand to get her attention. She mumbled the words and stood staring at him when the preacher asked if he had a ring. Someone in the crowd said they had it and when Abigail looked, it was Holden. He crossed the space between them and handed a small gold band to Morgan, who placed it on her finger.
The preacher saying they were married left her a bit numb. Even more so when Morgan grabbed her and kissed her so deeply she felt dizzy from it all. The cheers of those watching penetrated her foggy mind once he let her go and she saw a tiny smile lift one corner of his mouth.
“Don’t look so shocked, Abigail. People will think you didn’t really want to marry me.”
He turned, took her arm and walked her straight to his brother and the older man standing with him. When she was introduced to Morgan’s father, and Holden’s young daughter, Alexandra, Abigail knew it was real. Morgan had really just married her.


* * * *


“What the hell have I done?”
“Is that rhetorical or do you really not remember?”
Morgan glared at Holden and tried not to scowl. He’d been watching Abigail for the better part of an hour and still couldn’t wrap his brain around the fact that she was now his wife. Why he’d stopped her little speech was beyond him. All he knew was, the moment she started speaking, he’d taken a look at those gathered and saw over ten men who would kill each other to stand beside her and not a one of them was good enough for her. The thought of her crawling into any of their beds had heated his blood to the point he’d been tempted to shoot the first man who moved. He’d beat them all to it though, crossing the distance and telling the preacher to, “get on with it.” He hadn’t even regretted it until the preacher announced them man and wife. That’s when the reality had slapped some sense into him. He was a married man now. He had a wife to take care of, a woman, who on occasion, had the tongue of a viper. A woman he knew nothing about.
He heaved a deep breath and rubbed a hand over his jaw. His beard was growing out again. A look down at himself and he cringed. He looked like hell. His clothes weren’t the nicest he had, his old “shit-kicker” boots were so dirty he should be ashamed of them and he’d gone and married Abigail looking like a saddle bum. It was a miracle she’d even agreed to it. Although, looking back, she hadn’t really said anything. She’d let him out of the arrangement but when he stepped up beside her, she’d gone mute. She still looked a bit shocked, he noticed, as he looked over at her. She was standing with a plate in her hand but she hadn’t eaten much. She never did.
When she turned to look at him, nodding her head slightly to the side where Edna was standing, he grinned and left Holden standing where he was, crossed the distance between them and rescued her. “Excuse me, ladies, but I’d like a word with my wife, if that’s all right with ya.”
Edna beamed up at him, the smile directed at him as foreign as a chinaman. “Oh, by all means, marshal. You go right ahead.”
He nodded to them, grabbed Abigail’s arm and walked her back across the yard. “You had enough of those old biddies yet?”
She laughed. “I’d had enough when Edna escorted me into her living room and told me I was getting married today.”
“Thought so.” He stopped when they reached a grove of flowering trees. “Listen, I know this is sudden and all but is this what you really want?”
Abigail studied him for a moment before smiling. “What? Being married or being married to you?”
His face heated and he hated the fact it did. Truth be known, he couldn’t imagine why anyone would want to be married to him. He drank too much, did little other than sit in the jail and frequent the saloon and the women housed in the upper rooms of it. He was prone to run off and chase outlaws more often than not and even though being gone for long stretches of time was hard, he preferred sleeping out under the stars with his horse than he liked carrying on conversations with people. He was a loner. Had been ever since some highborn lady caught his fancy and ripped his heart out, leaving him with nothing but whispered talk behind his back and a house he hated even walking into.
He looked away from her, out across the grove to where his family was. His father was talking to someone but it didn’t look as if anyone was paying any attention to him, which led Morgan to believe he was carrying on one of those one-sided conversations again. His family was about as messed up as he was and it couldn’t have been very appealing to anyone, let alone a woman. He just wasn’t sure why Abigail had done it. His earlier thought of her being in trouble was his only clue. She was hiding from something. Was that the only reason she was interested in him? It probably was and that burned more than it should have.
She grabbed his arm and moved closer, leaning in toward him. “Whatever you’re thinking, just know that marrying you wasn’t something forced on me. If I’d had my pick of anyone in town, you would have been first on my list. Especially after trying out your bedding skills last night. I don’t think there’s a man here who could compare to that performance.”
The heat in his face increased and spread to his limbs before he looked over at her. She was smiling and something in her eyes let him know she was thinking naughty thoughts. About him. He felt his cock stir and he gave a look back around the crowd. “Well, Mrs. Avery, I’m not sure why you married me but since you did, I think we need to make it all legal and binding. Want to head back to the house and see if the wedding night lives up to expectations?”
“I thought you’d never ask.”


* * * *


They made it back to the house without anyone seeing them leave. Well, no one but Holden, that is. His brother had laughed, gave him a sly grin and guided their father back toward the buckboard and left without a word.
Once inside the house, Morgan wasn’t sure what to do. Well, he knew what he wanted to do. Flip up Abigail’s skirts and take her right there on the parlor room floor. He wasn’t sure she’d appreciate it, though.
He shut the door, looked out the front window for something to do and waited to see what she had in mind. When she said his name, he turned to look at her.
The small flowers woven through her hair were wilting, the petals coming loose to lie in a crumbling wave of confetti in her hair. A few blond curls had escaped the pins and dangled near her face. She looked softer, somehow, in the dim lit room. The lacy dress she wore was a pale blue, buttoned to the neck. She looked as innocent as a virgin. And she was all his. ’Til the day he died.
“What are you thinking about?” she asked, taking a step closer to him. “You have this funny look on your face.”
He shook his head. “About you, mostly.”
“Oh? What about me?”
Morgan grinned. “Well, to be honest, I was thinking about having you there on the parlor floor but wasn’t sure you’d appreciate it much.”
She turned and looked into the room, leaning her head to one side before facing him again. “Doesn’t look too comfortable.”
“It probably isn’t.”
She lifted a hand and started unfastening all those buttons on her dress, a tiny smile on her face. “The chaise looks good and plump, though.” The look in her eyes told him she didn’t care where it happened as long as it did.
When she shimmied out of the dress and stood before him in nothing but her shift and stockings, she closed the distance between them and started in on the buttons of his shirt. “Are you going to help me or shall I undress you completely myself?”
“You’re doing a fine job, Mrs. Avery.”
Abigail smiled at him and removed his shirt, tossing it to the floor before unhooking his gun belt and hanging it on the coat rack by the door. When she reached for the fly of his pants, she gave him a saucy look and dropped to her knees right there in the foyer of the house. She freed his growing erection, her fingers lingering over the length of him before leaning in to place a kiss on his heated skin. Morgan closed his eyes, hissing in a quiet breath as her lips closed over him. The gentle sucking of her mouth was pure torment. He grabbed the back of her head, angled his hips so she’d take more and nearly jumped out of his skin when someone banged on the front door.
“Marshal! There’s trouble out at the Samuels’ place. Better come see.”
“Son of a bitch,” Morgan grumbled, opening his eyes as Abigail released him. He looked down at her, saw her flushed face, the lust dancing in her eyes, and decided to just shoot whoever was at the door. When they banged on it again, he sighed, tucked himself back into his pants and grabbed his shirt. “Go upstairs. I’ll be up in a few minutes.”
He put his shirt back on while watching her pick up her discarded dress and run for the stairs. When he was presentable, he glanced at his gun belt hanging on the coat rack. The desire to pick it up was strong. He ignored it and jerked the door open instead. “What is it?”
Percy Goins, one of the hands working the livery stable stood on the porch, breathing heavily and sweating. He looked as if he’d run half the countryside. “Sorry ’bout interrupting your wedding night and all but I ran into Harland Samuels kid on my way out of town. He was running like the devil himself was after him and had a wild look in his eyes. I couldn’t make no sense out of what was wrong he’s crying so much. I took him down to the stagecoach station hoping Miss Ellie could calm him down a bit but he’s out of his head about something. They told me to come and get you.”
Of course they did, Morgan thought. Who else would they go to when something went all to hell? He heaved a heavy breath and grabbed his gun belt, strapped it on and walked out the door. As he turned to shut it he saw Abigail on the second floor landing. She smiled at him, telling him to, “hurry back,” before blowing him a kiss. He couldn’t say why exactly his heart skipped a beat then but as he walked down the sidewalk toward town, he didn’t think he’d ever been happier than he was at that moment.


Chapter Eight





Abigail glanced out the kitchen window and squinted at the morning sun shining off the dew-dappled grass. Her first night as a married woman had been spent alone as Morgan was off doing lord knows what. She sighed as disappointment caused her chest to ache. Her wedding night had been ruined and she didn’t even know why.
Placing the last biscuit on the pan, she turned to wash her hands, and was startled to see Morgan standing in the kitchen doorway. She hadn’t even heard him come in. His appearance shocked her a bit. He looked haggard and tired to the bone. His eyes were bloodshot, he needed a shave and his clothes were wrinkled. He was staring at her and the look on his face warmed her clean to the toes. A look that told her he was glad she was there. Barefoot in his kitchen with flour to her elbows.
She walked around the table, holding her hands out in front of her so the flour and wet dough wouldn’t drip to the floor. “I wasn’t sure if you’d want to eat or not. Would you rather I run a bath for you instead?”
He didn’t reply, just crossed the distance between them, placed both hands on the side of her face and kissed her. It wasn’t like the kisses they’d shared before. This one was soft and warm, a gentle probing of his tongue, a slow glide of his lips against hers. Abigail lifted her arms but remembered the flour dough and stopped herself from embracing him. He broke the kiss, smiled down at her and guided her arms around his neck, ignoring the mess on her hands.
“I was cheated out of my wedding night, Mrs. Avery. The only thing I want this morning is you.”
He took her there in the kitchen, lifting her skirts to her waist and fumbling with the ties of her drawers before sliding them down her hips. He backed her up toward the table, lifted her until she was sitting on top and stared down at her while unfastening his pants. Abigail’s stomach clenched in anticipation and watched him through lust filled eyes as he bared himself to her. When his cock sprang free, she licked her lips and reached for him.
Unlike the first time he bedded her, he didn’t tease today. He slid between her thighs and sheathed himself with one forceful jerk of his hips, setting a pace that rocked the table. His mouth was hard and firm against her own, his kiss demanding. Abigail was surprised at his stamina considering his lack of sleep. He fucked her with a single mindedness that forced small gasps from her. She clung to him, her legs wrapped around his waist, one arm around his neck and the other bracing her weight on the table, and rocked her hips in time with his. His grunts grew louder, his kisses more hungry and when he reached between their bodies, his fingers finding that small bundle of nerves and started flicking and rolling it with the tip of one finger, Abigail’s stomach clenched, her legs shook and she threw her head back, screaming out her release. He followed her moments later, her name a whispered promise gasped near her ear.
When he stilled, their bodies slick with moisture, Abigail felt something sticky beneath her bottom. A glance down and she laughed. “I don’t think we’ll be eating those biscuits now.” He’d rocked her so much on the table, her bottom was on the side of the biscuit pan.
Morgan grinned, picking her up and sitting her feet on the floor before reaching around and peeling the dough off her rear. “I’m too tired to eat anyway.”
“Too tired to eat but not too tired to have me on your kitchen table?”
He gave her a look before smiling. “It’s our table now. You can sit on it bare ass naked anytime you like.” He helped her with her drawers, pulling them back up and tying them before lowering her skirts. “As a matter of fact, I plan on having you naked and in every room of this house before the week is out.”
Abigail couldn’t explain the joy she felt then but it blazed like a living thing in her chest as she stared at him. There was flour in his hair, bits of dough stuck to the side of his neck and in the whiskers on his jaw from where she’d touched him. He looked like hell but she’d never seen a more handsome man. Nor one who could be so gruff one moment and gentle the next. He was a contradiction. She wondered if his curt manner was an act. A town marshal would have to be tough to a certain extent. People would expect him to be but as he stood there looking down at her, she knew what he showed the world, and her, most days just wasn’t whom she was seeing now. This man, a man who wore his heart in his eyes, looked at her as if nothing else mattered. She fell a little bit in love with him then and knew the feeling would grow. With a man like Morgan Avery, it was impossible not to.


* * * *


Morgan didn’t wake until early afternoon. Abigail fixed him a late lunch and sat with him at the table. “So, what happened last night that you couldn’t get back until this morning?”
He glanced at her, swallowed the bite in his mouth and washed it down. “Percy found the Samuels boy, Jesse, running toward town, crying. He was a bit hysterical and they couldn’t get a word out of him. He’s ten. His ma’s been sickly for a while, ever since she took a bad fever last winter.” He sighed, stared at his plate for long moments before continuing. “Jesse found her in the kitchen on the floor. His pa was out on the range checking on their cattle and he got scared and ran. That’s when Percy found him.”
“Oh, poor kid. Is he all right now?”
Morgan shook his head. “No. Catherine was dead when I got out there. Took me two hours to calm everyone down. Harland has worked himself ragged since his oldest boy, Rafe, left home and with Catherine gone now, I’d hate to think of what will happen to them. Harland can’t keep on the way he is. I’ll have to see if I can find Rafe before Harland keels over, too.” 
Abigail knew nothing of the people who lived in and around Willow Creek but Morgan did and she could tell finding Catherine Samuels dead had shaken him. The sadness in his eyes gave testament to it. He knew these people. Cared for them and tried to protect them. Knowing there was someone he couldn’t save was probably harder than she could imagine.
She reached out and laid her hand on his. When he looked over at her, she smiled reassuringly. “Is there anything I can do for them?”
The look that crossed his face was mixed with awe and gratitude. He nodded and turned his hand, gripping hers instead. “The other ladies will probably need help. They always fix up a mess of food and take it out to the family when someone passes. I’m sure they would appreciate another hand.”
“All right.” He went back to eating and although Abigail had more questions about the family, she refrained. She could tell he didn’t really want to talk about it. He knew this family personally, from the look in his eyes, and was taking the death harder than most probably would.
When he’d finished eating, she cleared away the dishes and poured him another cup of coffee. As she sat the pot down on the table, he looked up and asked the last thing she ever expected. “Is Thornton your real name?”
The question stunned her so much, Abigail could do nothing but stare at him. Her throat closed and she found it hard to breathe all of a sudden. When he continued to just stare at her, she found her composure and smiled best she could. “Of course. Why would you think it wasn’t?” She turned her back to him, hoping the look on her face didn’t give her away. The legs of his chair scraped across the floor and she heard him cross the distance between them, his booted feet against the floorboards sounding like gunfire going off in her head. When he touched her back, she jumped.
“If you’re in trouble, Abigail, then just tell me what it is so I can make it right.”
Make it right. Tears clouded her eyes and she blinked them away before shaking her head. “I’m not sure what you’re talking about, Morgan. What sort of trouble would I be in?”
“Don’t know. It’s why I’m asking.”
Images of Fletcher filled her mind and she buried them, filling her head with the only thing she wanted. Her new life in Willow Creek and Morgan. She pasted on a smile and turned to face him, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him down for a quick kiss. “Everything is fine. Well, except the fact you promised to take me in every room of this house and so far you haven’t lived up to that promise.”
He didn’t smile and the look in his eyes remained hard and concerned. “You’re changing the subject.”
Abigail laughed. “No, I’m not. I’ve told you everything is fine and it is. Now, are you going to have your way with me, Marshal Avery, or shall I take it upon myself to have you instead?”
The conversation didn’t progress beyond that point. Abigail made sure of it by seducing her new husband and making him live up to the promise of having her in every room. By the time he left to check the town and see what arrangements Harland Samuels had made for Catherine, Abigail was a nervous wreck. Morgan knew something but how he did was a mystery. No one in Willow Creek knew her. She’d purposely picked this town because it was out of the way, a tiny speck on the map and so far from the nearest large city it took an entire day to travel there by stagecoach. So how did Morgan know Thornton wasn’t her real last name? A better question would be, did he know of Fletcher and what she’d done?


Chapter Nine





When summer gave way to fall, Abigail wondered if things could get any better for her. She woke every morning and set about tending to her husband, and the house she was coming to love, and spent every night in Morgan’s arms, surrendering to his kisses. It was bliss, or the closest she’d ever been near. Life was exactly how it should have been. Even the small inconvenience of her stomach revolting every morning was welcomed. She didn’t want to speculate why, in case she was wrong, but the thought made her happier than she already was. She was near bursting to tell Morgan but kept the secret to herself.
She stopped off at the jail on her way to the mercantile, rolled her eyes when he asked if she missed her cell and kissed him long and hard enough he wanted to take her there in that smelly little building. She declined the offer, telling him she’d make it up to him when he came home for lunch.
Greeting Mrs. Jenkins in the mercantile, Abigail gave her the list of items she needed and browsed the store, picking up items and looking at the prices. She’d never had to worry about such when she was with Fletcher. Anything she wanted, she bought and charged it to him. She wore the latest fashions, had more jewelry and baubles than any one woman could want and had never given a thought to what she spent. Coming from nothing and then having the world at your feet usually did that. Now though, the prices of things did matter. Morgan had the nicest home in town but she wouldn’t assume he had a bank account to rival Fletcher’s. How much could a town marshal make? She didn’t think it was much. His family owned the largest horse ranch for hundreds of miles but she wasn’t going to assume any of that money came his way and she wasn’t about to ask. It felt wrong, somehow, to pry into his private life. Being his wife didn’t erase the fact her past was a guarded secret she didn’t ever want to share. One she hoped never caught up to her.
She should have known it would. Mrs. Jenkins proved it the next instant. “I didn’t know Morgan smoked.”
Abigail turned to look at her. “He doesn’t.” She smiled and shrugged her shoulder. “I used to enjoy the taste every now and then. Now, I just want to smell it burning.” She laughed. She would add that small craving to her list of ever growing speculations about her current physical state. “I wasn’t sure if you carried that brand here, though.”
Mrs. Jenkins looked scandalized, probably due to the fact Abigail had smoked. The woman shook her head and gave her a disapproving look instead of saying anything about it. “No, I’m sorry to say we don’t. It’s a bit fancy, and expensive, for way out here.” She looked down at the counter, back at the list. “It’s the most peculiar thing though,” she said. “I had a man in here the other day ask for this very same tobacco.”
If it was physically possible, Abigail was sure her heart stopped beating then. When it started back up, it hammered against her rib cage so hard she was dizzy from it. She grabbed the table next to her as her vision blurred and Mrs. Jenkins’ voice was nothing but an echo in the distance.
The woman was in front of her the next instant, grabbing her arm and yelling for someone. Her rapid demands to an unseen person. Abigail was guided into a chair, her head swimming.
Thoughts she’d rather not be having flashed before her eyes so quickly she shut them, blocking out everything around her. Images of Fletcher came to her unbidden then, his face, and the cruel smile he used to give her. The smell of his tobacco. The same tobacco she’d put on her list. The tobacco someone else had asked for.
She was going to be sick. Her stomach revolted and she inhaled deeply to try and control the urge. She heard Morgan’s voice and wanted to weep when she caught his scent. Opening her eyes she saw him, there on his knees in front of her. “I don’t feel so well.”
He smiled, leaned in and kissed her forehead. “I can see that. I’ll take you home.”
Lifting her and tucking her into his arms he turned to Mrs. Jenkins and asked if she’d send Edna to his house. Abigail knew he was concerned if he asked for Edna. The two still didn’t get along well but the town didn’t have a doctor and Edna was the closest thing to one Willow Creek had. Abigail started to protest the need to be looked at but Morgan silenced her with a look.
When they were on the sidewalk headed for the house, Abigail couldn’t help but look over his shoulder. The street was busy with people and she glanced at every face she saw. None looked like Fletcher but she knew without seeing him that he was there. She could feel it in her bones. He’d found her. After months of hiding and finally being happy, the monster who whored her out and made her an accessory to murder had found her. And now, Abigail knew without a doubt, he’d not let her escape him again. This time he’d kill her.


* * * *


Edna walked out of the room to wash her hands and Abigail sat up, pulling the blankets to her chest. Her thoughts were so confused she wasn’t sure what to do. The need to run to Morgan was strong but fear stopped her. If she knew anything, it was that Fletcher was a ruthless man. She’d seen it firsthand and putting Morgan in front of him, on purpose, was the last thing she’d ever do.
When she arrived in Willow Creek expecting to marry a faceless man, she hadn’t given a thought to what she was asking of him. In exchange for her hand in marriage, for someone to cook and clean and warm his bed, what she expected of them in return was an extraordinary price. Especially if their death was the end result. And she was sure it would be. Before, it hadn’t crossed her mind what she’d do if and when that happened but ever since Morgan had walked into her life her thoughts hadn’t strayed from them. She’d never put him at risk like that regardless of the fact she knew he would protect her without even having to ask him.
Everything had been so perfect the past several months. She was happy and if she had nothing but the look on Morgan’s face, and the way he loved her in their bed, she would say he was too. He hadn’t said as much but he didn’t need to. He said it every time he touched her. With every caress he loved her. She didn’t need to hear the words to know it. And she loved him too much to put him in danger.
Edna walked back into the room and started collecting her things. Abigail watched her, seeing a look on her face that said she was bursting to shout what she knew to the world.
Saying her name, Abigail got her attention. “Edna, don’t tell anyone.”
“Don’t tell? Why ever not? I’d be shouting it to the entire town if I were you.”
Abigail tried to smile but failed miserably. “I know and I will. I just want Morgan to be the first to know and I’d really like to be the one to tell him.”
Edna looked agitated for a moment before she huffed out a resigned breath. “Don’t you worry about a thing, dear, your secret is safe with me.”
Somehow Abigail doubted that. “Thank you.” Edna left then, leaving her alone. The sound of the front door closing moments later and footsteps on the stairs told her Morgan was coming up. She tried to push thoughts of Fletcher away and even managed a smile when he opened the door and looked in at her.
“Feeling better?”
She nodded. “Yes. Much better now.”
He crossed the room and sat down on the edge of the bed, lifting a hand to push her hair away from her face. “Anything I should worry about?”
“No. Something I ate didn’t agree with me. Edna says I’ll be fine in a day or two.”
She hated lying to him, especially when he leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on her forehead. Him being tender toward her only caused the pain to increase. Hurting him cut like a knife but what choice did she have?
When he left, headed back to the jail with the promise of returning within the hour, Abigail climbed from the bed and reached under it for the bag she’d seen there one day cleaning. She searched Morgan’s clothes, finding a pair of trousers that wouldn’t be too big, a shirt and his extra boots, cramming the toes with a pair of socks so they’d fit better. She shoved everything into the bag and went to the kitchen, stuffing a few handfuls of dried meat and a loaf of bread into another sack. She hid everything in the cubbyhole under the stairs. Finding the perfect time to leave wouldn’t be easy but Abigail knew it had to be soon. If Fletcher was in town it would only be a matter of time before he tracked her down. Knowing him, he already knew where she was.


* * * *


The next morning, Morgan was called away to take care of something at a nearby farm. Abigail took it as a sign from God and made quick work of grabbing her stored items from under the stairs. She dressed in Morgan’s clothes, found a bit of twine to wrap around her waist so the pants wouldn’t fall down and braided her hair, tucking it under an old hat she found on the back porch.
A quick stop in Morgan’s office off the parlor gave her access to his guns. She picked up the lightest, made sure it was loaded and made for the back door.
Dressed and—she hoped—unrecognizable, she hurried out of the house, refusing to look back. Keeping her head down, the sack of food and gun carried close to her side, Abigail walked quickly to the livery stable. Percy Goins met her as she walked into the building.
“Can I help ya?”
“Yes. I’m in need of a horse.”
He stared at her for long moments before his eyes widened and he laughed. “I dang near didn’t recognize you, Mrs. Avery. Where ya going in that get up?”
Abigail smiled. “Oh, um… Morgan is going to teach me to shoot.” She lifted the muzzle of the gun a bit. “I thought we’d take a picnic while we were out. I’m supposed to meet him. Can I get a horse? The man didn’t even think about how I’d get out there.”
Percy laughed and nodded, heading toward the back of the stable, still talking. “The marshal ain’t never thinking straight where you’re concerned, Mrs. Avery. Why, I don’t think I’ve ever seen him as happy as he is now and I’ve known that Avery bunch my whole life.”
He brought her a saddled horse and she stared at its massive size with trepidation. It was much larger than any she’d ridden before. Her limited knowledge of horses left her weary of riding the beast but she ignored her reservations, stowed the rifle and bag and climbed up. Once she’d settled, she smiled down at Percy. “Thank you, Mr. Goins. Morgan will pay the fee for the horse when he returns.”
“Oh don’t be worrying none about that. Morgan’s been keeping his horse here for years. He always pays his bill on time. You have a good day, ma’am, and tell Morgan I said not to be too hard on ya.”
Abigail smiled. “I’ll do that. Goodbye, Percy.”
It took a moment to get the horse to obey her command but once he got moving, Abigail turned him, heading down the stagecoach road. She gave the town one last look before nudging the horse into a gallop. As much as she hated the thought of leaving, the more distance she put between herself and Willow Creek—and Morgan—the better off everyone would be.


* * * *


Morgan frowned when he walked into the house. The usual scent of cooking food wasn’t present tonight. He’d gotten used to finding his supper on the table when he got home and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t disappointed. Knowing Abigail hadn’t been feeling like herself made him instantly ashamed. He headed for the kitchen and looked in the larder, wondering what he could fix for her instead.
His cooking skills were limited but if she were feeling poorly, it really didn’t matter what he fixed her. She probably wouldn’t eat much anyway. Scrambling some eggs and filling a plate, he snatched a few of the leftover biscuits from breakfast, grabbed a glass of water and headed for the back stairway.
Entering their bedroom, Morgan stood in the doorway staring at the empty room for long moments before walking inside. Abigail wasn’t there. He sat the plate on the bedside table and wondered where she was. Walking back into the hall, he saw the closed washroom door and smiled. “Abigail, I fixed you something to eat.”
When he got no answer, he knocked on the door and waited. When she still didn’t reply, he opened the door. She wasn’t there either. He searched the entire house, starting to worry when he didn’t find her. Heading for the front door, he looked out and wondered where she would have gone. The mercantile was the only place he could think of.
Mrs. Jenkins hadn’t seen her since the day before when she’d gotten sick and nearly blacked out. Thinking the worst, he checked with Ellie over at the stagecoach station, relieved to find out there hadn’t been a coach that day. No one had seen her, though, even Edna, and showing up at her door had been the last thing Morgan had wanted to do. Beginning to worry, he headed back home, only to run into Caleb Mitchell, the boy who helped Percy out in the stables in the evenings.
“Evenin’, marshal,” Caleb said, shuffling his feet on the wooden sidewalk. “Percy wanted to know if you’d be returning that horse this evenin’ or not. He wants to get ’em all bedded down for the night afore it gets too late.”
Morgan stared at him, puzzled. “I’ve already boarded my horse for the night. Tell Percy I took care of him myself.”
Caleb nodded. “Yeah. We saw yern, Percy was jus’ wonderin’ ’bout the one Mrs. Avery took this mornin’.”
Abigail took a horse? Dread settled like a sickness in Morgan’s gut then. His earlier fear wasn’t as unfounded as he’d told himself it was. Regardless of Abigail telling him she wasn’t hiding anything, he knew better. Always had. He should have pressured her to tell him. Now, it was probably too late. “Where’s Percy at, Caleb?”
“Over at the hotel eatin’ his supper.”
Morgan turned and headed back down the street. He ignored everyone he passed, intent on getting to the hotel and question Percy. Miranda Talbert and her mother greeted him with smiles, even congratulating him on the happy news as he passed them. He wasn’t sure what news they were referring to but he thanked them and continued on his way. When Miranda called out her wishes for Abigail to have a girl, he stopped, turned back to face them and felt sicker. “A girl?”
She nodded eagerly. “I know we ain’t supposed to talk about it yet but I was so excited I couldn’t help it. Mrs. Edna even said since I wasn’t married yet, I might be able to come help out when the baby's born, if it’s all right with you and Mrs. Abigail, of course.”
Baby? Edna? The confusion Morgan felt didn’t last long. Abigail suddenly feeling poor, her mysterious black out in the mercantile the day before and now, the happy, smiling face of Miranda and her mother. “Abigail’s going to have a baby?”
Miranda’s eyes widening and her face turning ghastly white confirmed it. She didn’t even have to speak for Morgan to know the truth. His wife was having his baby and now, she was missing.
He left the two women on the sidewalk, their apology for ruining Abigail’s surprise a fading murmur as he tuned them out, his body vibrating with unease as he headed toward the hotel. He found Percy sitting at the corner table, his food mostly uneaten as he read one of the many newspapers the hotel always had on hand.
Approaching his table, the man looked up and smiled. “Evenin’ marshal. How was the picnic?”
Morgan didn’t answer, choosing to ask his own questions. “Where did Abigail go, Percy?”
Percy laid his newspaper down and stood. “She said she was meeting you.” His eyes were a bit too wide, an apology already on his face. “There wasn’t no picnic today?”
Morgan knew he was one second away from panicking. “Which way did she go?”
“Down the stagecoach road toward Missoula.”
He turned to leave, Percy chasing after him. “Marshal, wait up!” On the sidewalk outside, Percy grabbed his arm. “She had yer rifle with her.”
He hadn’t been expecting to hear that. “My rifle?”
“Yeah and she was dressed in trousers and an old hat. I didn’t even know who she was at first.”
Morgan blew out a frustrated breath. “Tell me everything, Percy, even if it seems unimportant.”
Percy told him of the entire meeting, the picnic Abigail told him they were going on and how she’d been smiling when she told him. He didn’t have a reason not to believe her. When he’d retold it all, Morgan asked him to saddle his horse and that he’d be back in a short while. He left then, heading home. He didn’t know where Abigail went, or why, but the sun was setting. If he didn’t find her soon…
He didn’t even want to think of not being able to find her. Anything could happen to her out in the middle of the wilderness alone and knowing now that she carried his child, left him feeling anxious with every passing second. Add in the fact he knew she was hiding something and that uneasy feeling grew and caused sweat to trickle down his spine. Abigail was in trouble and she didn’t trust him enough to tell him what it was, which meant it was serious trouble. The kind that always found you no matter where you hid. It had apparently found her and it was up to him to locate his wife before her trouble ended up costing them both.


Chapter Ten




Running had seemed the best option when she’d thought of it but as the sun settled behind the mountains and the road became difficult to see, Abigail knew she’d been wrong. She wasn’t prepared for this.
The meager rations she’d taken from the house and Morgan’s clothes wouldn’t be enough to keep her warm. The air had already cooled. She’d not spent enough time in Montana to know what the temperatures dropped to at night. Fall had settled in early, according to Morgan, so the thought worried her. The only blanket she had was the one under the horses’ saddle and covering herself in it, and smelling horse all night, wasn’t an appealing prospect.
A thicket of trees loomed in the distance and she debated on making camp or to keep going. When a coyote—or wolf, she couldn’t tell which— howled somewhere off to her right, the horse slowed his steps.
Abigail looked behind her, at the distance she’d put between Willow Creek and herself. Sorrow filled her as she thought of Morgan. What must he think? Surely he’s realized she’s gone by now. Would he come after her? A small part of her hoped he would. The part that loved him and hated leaving without telling him why. The other, well, it hoped he got so mad he cursed her name and vowed to never see her again. That he’d walked to the saloon, gotten drunk and taken his revenge out on her with one of the girls from upstairs. Tears burned her eyes as images of him doing just that filled her mind’s eye. She’d never forgive herself for hurting him.
Suddenly drained of energy, she steered the horse toward the trees, aching to her soul as he slowly made his way there. Once inside the shelter of darkness, Abigail climbed down—falling to her knees as they gave out. She wasn’t used to riding all day, at all really, and sitting straddling the beast from sun up to sun down had taken more out of her than she’d wished.
It took long minutes before she could gain her feet and once she did, she hobbled the horse and found a nearby tree to sit under. It was cooler under the trees but she didn’t dare light a fire. She didn’t know how far the blaze would be seen in the dark and letting someone know she was there had stupid written all over it. She knew Indians roamed this part of the country and the thought of Fletcher finding her didn’t scare her as much as the thought of Indians reaching her first did.
The day’s stress washed over her then, those tears she’d been ignoring falling over her cheeks faster than she could wipe them away. Scrubbing angrily at her face, she thought of Fletcher, letting her anger at him, and having to leave Morgan and her new home, replace the anguish she felt. This was all Fletcher’s fault. His lying, stealing and cheating. And involving her in a crime she had innocently helped pull off. He’d promised to take care of her and all he’d managed to do was turn her into someone she didn’t like very much. She’d find a way to rid him from her life once and for all if it was the last thing she did. If she had to, she’d resolve the problem the same way he intended to solve the problem of her. She’d kill him.


* * * *


Morgan was heading toward the livery stable when a light in the jail caught his attention. He cursed, rolled his eyes heavenward and cursed again.
He shouldered his saddlebag and walked to the building, pushing the door open angrily. Joseph Brighton was leaning over his desk, scribbling something on a piece of paper. When he looked up and saw Morgan, he smiled and dropped the pen.
“Marshal, I was just leaving you a note. Percy said you were leaving and I thought maybe I had already missed you.”
“You just about did.” Morgan repositioned the saddlebag and nodded toward the desk, and the note. “What’s the problem, Joseph? I’m in a hurry.”
Joseph cleared his throat and nodded once. “Right. Well, there was a man who’s been in the hotel for several days now and he left a little while ago without paying his bill. I want him arrested.”
Morgan lifted an eyebrow. “Right now?”
If possible in the low light, Morgan saw the man blush. “Well, as soon as possible.”
Figures. Nothing ever happened in this town until he had something to do. “Write down a description of the man and anything peculiar about him and I’ll set out to find him as soon as I get back.”
“You’re leaving without even going to look for him?” Joseph wasn’t the sort of man who ever lost control. In all the years Morgan had known him, he was immaculately dressed, his mustache curled on the ends and never drooped and his voice never lost the refined lilt Joseph was so fond of. The way he said, “You’re leaving,” had made him sound quite feminine. The words lifted at the end and squeaked just a bit. “I can’t afford not to, Joseph. I’ll be back as soon as I can. That’s the best I can do for you. I promise you, I’ll find him as soon as I get back.” Joseph looked offended his problem was being left unattended. Morgan didn’t give a damn if the man demanded the town council fire him and run him out of town naked, barefoot and pulling his house by a rope behind him. Nothing was going to keep him from going after Abigail, especially not Joseph. He didn’t care how influential he, and his money, was to the town.
He turned and walked back out on the sidewalk, ignoring Joseph as he followed him out.
“Are you leaving town? I only ask because Caleb over at the stables said the man rented a horse and left on the main road. If you’re going that way, there’s no way you can miss him. He’s a big brute of a fellow, nicely dressed with a southern accent.”
“Noted. I’ll keep my eye out for him.”  Morgan kept walking, Joseph dogging his step every inch of the way. His chatter was a dull buzzing in his ear and he barely heard most of it. When he said the name Abby, Morgan stopped. “What was that?”
Joseph inhaled, clearly out of breath from trying to keep up. “I said, he was asking about a woman named Abby Sanders. I told him there wasn’t anyone in town by that name.”
“He say anything else?”
“Nothing much. Just asking about the town. How long most of us had been here and if anyone was new to town.” Joseph smiled and straightened his spine as if proud. “I told him of your Abigail and how she was new to the area. He asked where to find her and I told him she was married to you. He acted a bit peculiar after that.”
Abby Sanders. Morgan didn’t have to be told that was Abigail because a gut feeling told him it was. He’d suspected she’d been hiding something from the beginning and this was it. She wasn’t who she said she was and now, some man had come looking for her. Why? Who was he to her?
He left Joseph standing, ignoring his demands to be heard and thanked Percy when he came out of the stable with his horse. He settled his saddlebag, told Percy to watch the jail for him, and rode out of Willow Creek as fast as he dared in the dark.
He rode for an hour before stopping. He jumped from his horse, letting the animal rest as he searched the ground for tracks. Spotting several sets, he looked out across the prairie. It was too dark to keep track of which way she’d gone and which tracks were actually hers. He’d have to take it slow ’til morning or he’d lose the trail and have to double back.
Cursing the clouds, the absent sun and himself for not following through on his hunch about Abigail in the first place, he gathered the horse’s reins, remounted, and started off across the prairie.


* * * *


It was midday when Morgan saw him. His silhouette was a dark splotch on the horizon and his pulse jumped as he spurred the horse into a gallop. The man was riding alone which meant he hadn’t found Abigail yet, assuming he was after her at all.
As he neared him, the man turned to look over his shoulder. Morgan expected him to race away but to his astonishment he slowed, turning the horse back toward him. As Morgan approached, slowing his own horse, he could see Joseph was right about the man’s size. He was a big fellow. Tall and wide across the shoulders. He was dressed in an expensive looking suit and had a refined air about him. Morgan disliked him in an instant.
When he stopped a few paces away, the man smiled and lifted his bowler hat in greeting. “Mornin’, marshal. Goin’ to be a lovely day, I think.”
His accent was thick and his voice deep. Morgan wondered how the man knew he was a town marshal. His coat covered his badge. The man was still smiling but something in his eyes let Morgan know he was anything but happy about seeing him. Laying the reins loose in his hand, Morgan nodded to him. “What’s your name?”
“You don’t waste time out here in the west do ya?” He laughed and fidgeted on his seat. “Fletcher Montgomery, at your service.”
His mocking tone set Morgan’s teeth on edge. “I’ve heard tale you left the hotel back in Willow Creek without paying your bill.”
The man lifted one shoulder as if it didn’t matter. “I was in a bit of a hurry, you see. I’ll make it right before too much time has passed.”
Morgan stared at him, trying to figure out the best way to go about all this. His first instinct was to just shoot the man and be done with it but the small niggling doubt that he may be wrong about him wouldn’t let him. What if this man really wasn’t looking for Abigail? He’d have shot a man for no more than skipping out on a hotel bill. It wouldn’t look good if he were that impulsive.
The sun was high in the sky and its light was casting a halo around the man. Morgan knew time was wasting. Abigail would take advantage of the light if she was smart and he knew she was. Hiding a secret this long proved it. Inhaling deeply, Morgan nudged the horse, edging it closer to where the man sat waiting.
Fletcher nodded his head toward him and said, “I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure of your name, sir.”
Morgan wanted to refuse to answer but didn’t. “Morgan Avery, Marshal of Willow Creek.” He also cut to the chase and asked the man bluntly about his intentions for his wife. “What business do you have with Abigail?”
Fletcher looked surprised, his brow lifting. “She’s going by Abigail now, is she?” He chuckled and shook his head. “Gone all proper and picked up a lady’s name. Something she’s never been and never will be.” He repositioned his hat again and glanced toward the guns at Morgan’s hip. “She’s not worth the trouble, marshal. I found her in a back alley up near New York when she was too young to look after herself. I tried to make something of her but once a gutter rat, always a gutter rat. She’s not much use for anything other than to look pretty and suck a man’s cock.” He grinned. “I suppose you’ve already found that out, haven’t you?”
Morgan’s dislike for the man multiplied after hearing him speak of Abigail in such a way. She wasn’t perfect, no one was, but she deserved respect all the same. To hear this man talk, she wasn’t good for anything other than being some man’s whore. Was that all she had been to this man? If he could talk of her the way he was, he assumed she meant nothing to him. Shooting him would satisfy his need to defend her honor. Reaching toward his side, he laid his hand on the butt of his gun. His fingers twitched to pull it from his holster but he knew he had no right. Not really. He couldn’t shoot a man for no other reason than he’d offended him. But he could lock his sorry hide up. He’d skipped out on his hotel bill. That was reason enough. He tightened his hand around the hilt of his gun. “You’re under arrest, Mr. Montgomery.”
Fletcher threw his head back and laughed, the sound echoing across the prairie. “She must have been especially good in your bed, marshal, for you to arrest me. Tell me… does she still do that thing with her tongue…”
Morgan pulled the gun, raised it and leveled the barrel with the man’s head. “Shut your mouth and get off the horse. Slowly.”
The mirth on the man’s face vanished then. He stiffened, his lips compressed into a thin white line. He stared at the gun before rolling his eyes up to look at Morgan’s face. “You’re making a dangerous mistake, friend.”
“I’m not your friend,” Morgan said. “Now get off the horse or I’ll shoot you off of it.”
Fletcher did nothing for long minutes, then shrugged his shoulder, smiled and proceeded to climb down. Morgan did the same, keeping his eye on the man. Before his feet hit the ground, Morgan realized his mistake. He should have waited. Waited until the man was on both feet before moving. Fletcher pulled a gun from his back, aimed and pulled the trigger before Morgan could move. The impact flung him backwards to land at his horse’s feet. Pain shot through his chest, his vision blurred, and the man’s laughter was a dull ringing in his ears. Blinking into the sun, a shadow fell across his face. It was Fletcher, smiling as he loomed over him.
“I’ll be sure to let Abby know how offended you were with my thinking her a whore. She never liked the title much regardless of all the baubles I bought her. She’ll never be good for anything but a whore, marshal, and when I find her, she’ll be a dead whore. Want me to bring her back to you? You can both rot in the same grave.”
The pain in Morgan’s shoulder was nothing compared to what it was after Fletcher kicked him, his ribs cracking from the impact. He gasped for air as he was kicked in the side of the head, his vision blurring until he saw nothing but fading shapes. Fletcher’s voice, telling Morgan to, “have a nice death,” was the last thing he heard before he blacked out.


* * * *


A noise startled her and Abigail grabbed the rifle by her feet. She blinked, the sun blinding her, and tried to see what it was she’d heard. She saw nothing but the horse.
She’d been jumpy all morning. Waking to find a dense fog rolling over the valley had left her feeling more alone than she’d liked. Add in the uncomfortable realization that Fletcher could be anywhere by now, even out there in that fog, watching her, and she’d worked herself into a nervous mass of emotions.
Laying the gun back down, she scrubbed at her face. She’d slept sitting up, leaned back against a tree, and had woken to find her bottom wet. The dew had soaked through the denim of her trousers. The wind had been cool that morning and caused shivers to race laps up and down her spine. Luckily the sun had crested the mountain and warmed her, and her wet denim, in record time. Stopping for a break midday had been the last thing on her mind but her back hurt and her queasy stomach demanded she do it but she dared not dawdle. The longer she sat there, the more likely Fletcher would find her. Gaining her feet, she leaned back against the tree, her stomach giving that queasy sway she was getting used to feeling every morning. She’d yet to eat. Looking at the bag hanging from the saddle’s pommel, she debated on it now but just the thought made her sick. This baby would give her a fit for the next seven months. She just knew it.
Thinking of the baby made her think of Morgan. She wondered for what seemed like the hundredth time what he would do when he found her gone. Would he hate her for not telling him what she feared the most, especially after he’d asked so many times? Would he miss her like she already missed him? Her heart clenched painfully in her chest, her loss more profound in the stillness around her. As much as she wanted to deny it to save herself the pain, she knew she loved Morgan. Surly old goat that he was at times, she loved him all the same. He made her feel cherished, something she’d never felt before. Being someone’s mistress, a kept woman, wasn’t the same as being taken care of because a man loved you.
Despair washed over her all of a sudden and she knew she should have told him about the baby and how much she adored him, and thanked him for rescuing her when she had nowhere else to go. And she should have told him about Fletcher. Morgan would have protected her. He would have done so for no other reason than she needed him.
She realized then that she still needed him. Her heart ached with it until tears burnt her eyes. She should have never left. Morgan would have taken care of everything if she’d just let him. He would’ve forever rid her of the one thing that had plagued her life for months. Fletcher and the murder charge she assumed was hanging over her head.
Hearing the horse snuffle as he rooted his nose in the grass, a voice in her head whispered for her to go back to Willow Creek. To find Morgan and tell him everything. If Fletcher were still in town, he’d find him and everything would be all right. She knew it was true. Even though he’d never said the words, she knew Morgan loved her. He showed her every night in their bed. He wouldn’t turn his back on her when she needed him the most.
Hope soaring in her chest, she walked to the horse and untied him. It took three tries to climb into the saddle. Her legs felt too weak to hold her this morning. Finally finding the seat, she grabbed the reins and started for the road. She needed to find her husband. He was the only person who could truly help her now.


* * * *


She rode for hours, her back groaning with every step the horse made. She’d managed to get a few bites of bread down, and keep it down, but she felt uneasy. As if someone were watching her. She glanced toward the trees lining the road. Nothing moved in the shadowed recess. The wind had calmed and the air was stagnant with smells of the forest. Wet grass and rotten tree limbs. She ignored the uneasy feeling and nudged the horse into a trot, her aching back be damned.
Half a mile up the road the sound of gunfire startled the horse. He reared, tossing her off his back. The impact with the ground rattled her teeth and caused her stomach to cramp painfully. She gasped through the pain and briefly wondered what damage the fall had done to the baby. If she lost it now, she wasn’t sure what she’d do.
Turning her head as a shadow moved in the trees, her worst fear was realized when Fletcher stepped out of the shadows. The pistol in his hand was still smoking and the look on his face was one of triumph. Her hope in finding Morgan was dashed in an instant. She should never have turned back.
“You never were very good at riding, my dear. Your grip was always too loose.” He walked toward her, his steps slow and measured. When he stopped by her feet, his gaze ran over her from head to toe. “Did you miss me?”


Chapter Eleven





Fletcher shook his head and snorted a laugh. “Look at you, Abby. You look like a beggar. Where is that fine dress I bought for you?”
She wanted to refuse to answer but knew him too well. A well-placed kick would cause the pain she felt to increase. “Sold it,” she said, looking at his feet. “I needed the money.”
“And all the jewelry?”
“I sold what I had on but I didn’t take the rest of it. I left it in the vault.”
“Then who took it?”
“I don’t know.” He didn’t look as if he believed her. “I swear it, Fletcher. I didn’t take it.” She didn’t know who took the jewelry but she had her suspicions. She wasn’t about to voice them though. If someone was able to get one over on Fletcher, then good for him. Someone needed to. She sat up, wincing as pain traveled up her back.
He squatted to be eye level with her. “Do you realize how much trouble you’ve caused me, Abby? Why, I’ve damn near spent every dime we stole from Crandall.”
At the mention of the name, Abigail tensed. Jacob Crandall was the richest man in all of Atlanta. Well, he was until Fletcher had gotten through with him. With her help, they’d swindled every dime they could out of the man. Then Fletcher had shot him, the man’s blood splattering her face when he did. She’d stood staring at that lifeless body for unknown amounts of time as Fletcher cleaned out what remained of the man’s safe. Staring down at that lifeless face, she knew Fletcher had set her up. The dinners he insisted she go on with the man had all been a ruse. The people who knew Jacob Crandall also knew he was planning on asking her to marry him. And they all knew she was the last person he’d been with when they found his body. Fletcher had set her up in more than one way. He’d turned her into the whore he claimed she was for his own gain and pinned a murder she didn’t commit on her.
He was still talking, the dull cadence of his voice a buzzing echo in her head. She lifted her eyes and looked at his face. He was grinning at her. “What do you want?”
The smile vanished and he lifted one eyebrow. “Why, I want you, darlin’. Same thing I’ve always wanted.” Fletcher reached out, fingering a curl next to her face. “I’ve missed you.”
Her stomach revolted at his words and touch. She leaned back so he couldn’t reach her. “You don’t want me,” she said. “You never did. You just needed someone to cheat all those men you’re always finding.”
He looked offended and lifted a hand to lie over his heart. “That’s not true, Abby. I’ve always wanted you. As a matter of fact, despite all the trouble you’ve caused me, I still do.”
“What is it this time, Fletcher? Or better yet, who is it?”
The look on his face told her she’d guessed right. He shifted before meeting her eyes. “I met a man in Missoula who has more money than he’ll ever need. You, my sweet Abby, will help me divest him of it. It’s the least you can do for all the trouble you’ve caused me.”
“Then what?”
He smiled but it looked more feral than anything. A flashing of his teeth and a deadly glint in his eyes. “Then, I’ll rid myself of you forever.” He grabbed her arm and pulled her roughly to her feet. Abigail gasped, the cramps in her stomach increasing.
Dragging her with him toward the trees, she saw his horse. She recognized it. It was the spotted mare from the livery stable in town. “How long were you in Willow Creek?”
He glanced down at her before shoving her toward a nearby tree. “Long enough to know you’d taken up with the town marshal.” He laughed, the sound abrupt and without mirth. “I have to admit, Abby, that was the smartest thing I’ve ever known you to do. Why, I’d applaud you for it if it hadn’t caused me so much trouble.”
Something in his eyes caused a hint of fear to run up her spine. She’d seen that look before. It had been on his face the night he’d shot Jacob Crandall. “Don’t hurt him, Fletcher. He has nothing to do with this.”
That feral smile returned. “Don’t you go worrying that pretty little head of yours now, darlin’. The marshal is the least of my worries.”
You should be worried. Abigail didn’t realize she’d spoken aloud until Fletcher laughed.
“And why’s that?” he asked.
She didn’t answer, instead chose to look toward the mountains and pretend he wasn’t even there.
“You think the good marshal is going to come riding to your rescue?”
“Yes.” She didn’t hesitate to answer. She knew Morgan would come after her, if for no other reason than to berate her for leaving in the first place.
“I wouldn’t waste your time thinking so.”
Something in his voice caused Abigail to turn her head and look at him. He wasn’t smiling but his eyes were. The glee she saw there caused her heart to skip a beat. She could see the nervous energy bouncing through him as he stood by his horse. He knew something she didn’t and he was bursting to tell her. Why he hadn’t yet, she didn’t know.
When he turned to look at her, that gleam in his eyes brightened. “You didn’t honestly think I’d let him come after us, now did you?” He turned his body, angled it toward her and squared his shoulder. “You’re mine, Abby, and you always will be. I own you.”
“He’ll come for me.” Her voice trembled. Even to her own ears they sounded a bit desperate.
Fletcher shook his head, the smile she knew was hiding there now surfacing. “I’m afraid not, darlin’. I don’t think he’ll recover from our encounter. As a matter of fact, I’m sure he was quite dead when I left him.”


* * * *


Dead. The word beat against the inside of her head like a drum. Abigail hadn’t been able to hold the sickness at bay then. She’d turned and emptied what little was in her stomach while Fletcher stood by the horse and laughed. Tears followed, burning her eyes as her throat grew tight and she thought she’d choke on the pain as she sucked in gasps of air.
Sitting by the tree, its solid weight the only thing holding her upright, Abigail saw Morgan in her mind’s eye. Saw him the day she married him, standing before the preacher and promising to love, honor and cherish her until the day he died. He’d never said as much to her but he’d kept that promise. She’d felt all those things from him and now Fletcher had taken it all away.
She hated Fletcher more then and as images of Morgan played in her mind’s eye, the need to rid herself of Fletcher grew to staggering proportions. If Morgan weren’t in Willow Creek, there wasn’t a reason for her to be either. Her stomach still cramped and the baby they’d made probably wouldn’t survive that fall from the horse. Her hatred for Fletcher burned in her stomach more fiercely, ached in her head, and she was trembling with it by the time she wiped her mouth and stood.
Turning toward him, Abigail watched him walk the short distance to her horse before leading it back over to where she stood. She could see the butt of the rifle jutting up over the saddle from where she’d tied it. She’d never taken a life, but today the thought caused something inside of her to jump with nervous energy. Could she really point a gun at someone and pull the trigger? You damn right she could.
Sucking in a breath, she straightened. Fletcher gave her a look then held the reins out to her. “Get on,” he said. “And if you try to ride away without me, I’ll shoot you in the back.”
She wasn’t about to ride away. Not yet at least. Walking to the horse, and taking the reins from him, Abigail lifted her foot and placed it in the stirrup. Her hand was on the rifle, the string holding it to the pommel of the horse an inch from her finger. She’d rather not be on the horse while firing that gun but she’d take her chances. She knew she’d never get it untied and lifted before he saw her.
Climbing into the saddle, she shifted, trying to get comfortable. When he climbed onto his own horse, she reached down, grabbed the string holding the gun, and gave it a jerk. The bow she’d tied knotted, cinching tight. A hushed curse hissed past her lips and she turned her gaze toward Fletcher. She’d never be able to pick the knot out without him seeing.
“Stay close or I swear you’ll regret the day you clapped eyes on me.”
I already do. Abigail gave him a single nod and nudged the horse. When Fletcher turned toward the road, headed toward the mountain pass, and Missoula, her grip tightened on the rifle. It swung freely by the horse’s side and she was able to push on the butt and raise the barrel into the air. Maybe she didn’t need to untie it to shoot the bastard. Pulling back the hammer, she lifted it as far as she could, took a deep breath and pulled the trigger.
As before, her horse shied, reared up on its hind legs and let out a terrified squeal. She grabbed the reins, holding on this time, fear stealing her breath before the horse’s front feet hit the ground again. When the horse began to settle she saw Fletcher was already on the ground, his face a mask of fury.
“You little bitch!” He crossed the distance between them in four large steps, grabbed her arm and jerked her from the horse. He grabbed the back of her head with his free hand, his fingers digging into her scalp. He hit her, his fist connecting with the side of her head hard enough for her to see bright flashes of light. Abigail knew he would kill her, his plan to swindle another rich man from his money be damned. She could see the truth of it written on his face. Waiting for the next blow to come, she saw Morgan, the vision of him hovering near the trees. He was looking at her, a strange look on his face. He lifted his arm, his hand shaking and Fletcher’s face came back into focus. He struck her again, knocking her to her knees. A glance back at the trees and again, she saw Morgan. She blinked. Was he only an image her mind conjured or was he real?
The blast from the gun in his hand echoed across the space, smoke filling the air around him. Fletcher’s shout was music to her ears. He stumbled to one knee and Abigail crawled to her feet and ran.
She realized when she was close enough to see Morgan what that strange look on his face was. It was pain. His skin looked sallow and his eyes seemed too large. There was a muddy spot on his left shoulder, the entire side of his shirt ruined with it. When she reached him, the muddy spot bloomed red. Blood. It wasn’t mud. It was blood. His. “Morgan!”
He glanced at her and licked his lips. “Run, Abigail. I’ll come for you.”
Leaving him was the last thing she wanted to do but one look behind her at Fletcher and she did as he’d told her. Fletcher had climbed to his feet and was charging toward them. She’d made it into the thick of the trees before the sound of the gun firing again rang in her ears. She turned to look, watching as Fletcher’s body collided with Morgan’s. The two men tussled and rolled, punches impacting flesh with dull thuds. Morgan dropped his gun, his fist connecting with Fletcher’s face. Blood spurted from his nose before Morgan hit him again and again.
Fletcher grabbed Morgan’s shoulder, the bleeding one, and Morgan let out a yell that chilled her to the bone. He hit the ground, Fletcher following him down and in seconds the fight had changed course. Tears burned her eyes as Fletcher hit Morgan repeatedly. The need to end it all grew until she was numb. Seeing a thick tree limb lying nearby, she grabbed it, broke off the end so she could wield it better and raced back to the two men. The first thump to Fletcher’s head dazed him enough that he raised up. Abigail hit him again. She didn’t stop until he’d fallen, his body lying prone across Morgan’s.
Abigail dropped the limb, a harsh sob escaping her before dropping to her knees beside Morgan. She pushed at Fletcher, shoving his body away. “Morgan?”
He blinked up at her and sucked in a deep breath before coughing. “Find the gun, Abigail.”
She did as asked, rooting around in the leaves and grass until she’d found it. Handing it to him, she glanced at Fletcher. “What are you going to do with him?”
Morgan turned his head to where Fletcher lay. “I want to shoot him and leave him for the buzzards.”
Fletcher didn’t deserve better but Abigail could see on Morgan’s face that he wouldn’t do as he said. She’d not known her husband long but she knew he was a fair and honest man. He’d do what needed to be done as far as Fletcher was concerned.
She helped Morgan sit up, and sat him next to a tree, then spent the better part of an hour tying Fletcher up to the point Morgan was satisfied. When the man had been trussed up so tight it would take a knife to unbind him, they sat and waited for him to wake up.
Abigail unbuttoned Morgan’s shirt, peeling the sticky, blood soaked material away from his shoulder. He hissed in a breath and gave her a look that said he wanted to cuss but bit his lip instead. She smiled, trying to soften the pain she knew she was causing and leaned him forward to see if the bullet had gone clean through. It had. “It needs to be cleaned and bandaged.”
“Fresh out of bandages. I had to leave in a hurry, you see. My wife ran off and didn’t tell me where she was going.”
Heat crawled up Abigail’s neck and landed on her cheeks. When Morgan’s gaze moved across her face, then down to her chest, she knew she was blushing. Those damn splotches were back, she was sure of it. She didn’t even need to look to know they were. “I didn’t have time to explain. I just wanted to make sure I was gone before he found me.”
“I would have kept you safe, Abigail.”
Her eyes misted with tears at his softly spoken words. “I know,” she whispered. “I was just scared.”
Morgan raised his hand, cupping a finger under her chin and lifting her head up. She stared at him, tears escaping her eyes to trickle down her cheek. “You’ve no reason to be scared, Abigail. I’ll always protect you. No matter what it is.” He pulled her to him and gave her a soft kiss. “I love you, you know. There isn’t much I wouldn’t do for you.”
The tears came then unguarded. All the fear she’d held on to washing over her in a rush she couldn’t control. Morgan held her, wincing through the pain in his injured shoulder and it wasn’t until her heartache and tears washed away that she realized what he’d said. He loved her. He’d finally said the words. Lifting her head, she smiled at him, leaned forward and kissed him. “I love you too, Morgan. I’ll never leave you again.”


Chapter Twelve





The past twenty-four hours had been the most draining Abigail had ever remembered. Forcing Fletcher back on his horse after he’d awoken from his beating had taken more patience than she thought she possessed. She was surprised Morgan hadn’t shot him just to end their aggravation. The trip back to Willow Creek was unhurried; Morgan’s shoulder and her aching back slowing them down. She didn’t tell him of the cramps the fall from her horse had caused. They were in enough pain to have that weigh on their minds as well.
Before they reached town, Holden, and a few men from the ranch, caught up with them. They’d been sent by Percy, Holden had said, when Morgan rode out alone last night and never returned. With the extra help, they were able to get back to town and get Fletcher into the single cell jail with little incident. Morgan had been taken to Edna to have his shoulder patched up, and Abigail had been fussed over by Mrs. Talbert and Miranda. She was ensconced in bed, covers pulled to her chin when Morgan walked into the room.
He shut the door and made his way to the bed, sitting down on the side with a small groan. When he turned his head to look at her she could tell by the look on his face what he was about to say wasn’t good. “I contacted the sheriff in Missoula about you a while back. I never heard anything from him and assumed there wasn’t anything to find.” He stared at her for long moments before turning and unbuttoning his shirt. “There was a parcel waiting for me at the jail. A wanted poster of a woman who looks a lot like you.”
Abigail’s stomach clenched and as hard as she tried, not a word escaped her.
Morgan tossed his shirt to a nearby chair and struggled with his boots. “Murdered some man in Atlanta, it said. You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
When he turned to look at her, tears stung her eyes. The desire to lie burned in her soul but she’d almost lost him once because she wasn’t honest. She wasn’t about to make the same mistake twice.
“His name was Jacob Crandall.” Her breath hitched and she swallowed the lump forming in her throat and forced herself to meet his gaze. “I didn’t know what Fletcher had planned. I swear it, Morgan.”
“What happened?”
She told him every thing. How Fletcher insisted she seduce the old man, gain his favor and make herself a fixture in his home. To learn the layout of his office and the whereabouts of his safe. She’d done every thing Fletcher asked of her and then she’d watched, horrified as Fletcher shot the man in cold blood and pinned the murder on her. She’d done the only thing she could. She ran. Left that very night with nothing but the clothes on her back. She’d sold the jewels she’d been wearing and traded her fancy sateen gown to a shopkeeper in exchange for a modest dress that wouldn’t draw attention. She’d stolen away on a train in the cargo hold, stole a travel bag of women’s clothing and made her way across the country in record time. She even managed to arrange for a marriage to a man in a small town hoping Fletcher would never find her. The same marriage that brought her to Willow Creek.
He listened to her story, his face a stony mask. He never said a word and when her tale was finished, he stood, removed his pants and crawled into bed with her.
As they lay there, smothered in blankets and listening to the multitude of people in their downstairs kitchen, Abigail chewed her bottom lip. She didn’t like it when he was quiet. He was staring up at the ceiling and she hated the fact she couldn’t read his face like she could with others. Afraid of what he may do now that he knew, she tentatively touched his arm. “Aren’t you going to say anything?”
He turned his head toward her, his gaze boring into her own. “Why didn’t you tell me about the baby?”
She blinked, confused at the sudden change of topic. “I was scared. I just wanted to get Fletcher as far from here as I could. I didn’t want you hurt.”
“I can take care of myself.”
Abigail looked away and it wasn’t until he reached for her face that she realized his hand was shaking. “Don’t ever leave me again, Abigail. I’ll turn you over my knee and blister your hide if you do.”
She opened her mouth to respond but he kissed her before she had a chance. She could feel his desperation in that kiss, his fear that things could have gone very wrong for them. She returned it while trying to soothe that fear, her hands reassuring him with gentle touches and soft caresses. When he broke the kiss, he laid his forehead against her own and wrapped his arm around her. “I love you, Abigail. I’ll always keep you safe.”
Abigail smiled. Fletcher was gone from her life forever, the man she loved lay beside her and the baby she feared she’d lost was still holding on. Morgan’s arm tightened around her and she turned her head to him before rolling and snuggling against his side. They lay quietly for long minutes, the ticking of the clock on the mantel the only sound in the room. When Morgan leaned over and kissed her forehead, Abigail looked up at him. “What will you do about the murder charge?”
“Fletcher will hang for it if I have to walk him to Missoula myself and see it done. Don’t worry yourself about it.”
She nodded her head, her other fear forcing its way to the forefront of her mind when her stomach gave a slight cramp. “I took a nasty fall off my horse, Morgan.”
“I know,” he said. “The baby will be all right. He’ll be the first of many, I can assure you, Mrs. Avery.” He kissed her again and smiled, threading his fingers through her hair. “Don’t worry about anything, love, it will be my pleasure to take care of you until we’re old and gray.”
Abigail grinned and snuggled against his side again. “I’ll hold you to that, Marshal Avery.”

The End


If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review. Thank you! 

To be notified of new releases by Lily Graison, sign up for her newsletter: click here.

Or LIKE her On Facebook








Bonus Material


Here's a sneak peek at the next book in the Willow Creek Series, featuring Colt Avery.





The Outlaw
(Willow Creek Book #2)


Wyoming Territory - 1869


There were outlaws in the bank. Sarah Hartford sucked in a quiet breath and whispered, “Sweet Lord above not again.” Her comment drew the attention of Thomas Jenkins, the clerk working the counter with her. When he looked toward the door and saw the gunmen, he screamed like a little girl. The commotion in the room stopped as everyone inside the building turned to look at each other. When they saw the four armed men at the door, their frightened screams echoed Thomas.
The men stood at the entrance of the bank and Sarah’s heart felt lodged in her throat. How many times had she seen this same scenario play out before? Five? Six? She couldn’t remember. What she did know, was what they wanted and how they’d go about getting it.
She looked at the four men again and didn’t have to be told who led this gang of ruffians. The man still standing by the door did. His presence seemed to suck the air from the room. He was tall and imposing. His shoulders were wide, the dusty, worn trail coat brushing his knees stretched across his frame and made him appear even larger. Or maybe it was the fact the sun was shining in the door behind him, casting him in a ring of brilliant light. He looked like an avenging angel. Well, except for the rifle propped neatly against the crook of his arm. Maybe angel of death was a better description.
His black hat rested low over his eyes, obscuring their color. They looked menacing even from across the room. A red bandana was pulled up over his face, resting on the bridge of his nose, a hint of dark stubble barely seen on the edge of his jaw. Two shiny revolvers hung low on his hips and Sarah was sure he knew how to use them. A gunslinger. She’d bet her inheritance on it. His stance was too casual, too confident, not to be. This was a man who knew what he was doing and she knew, whoever hid beneath that disguise, wasn’t a man to be trifled with. He proved it by casually lifting the rifle in his arms and firing off one shot into the ceiling.
Sarah stood behind the bank counter and watched the men without flinching. The women in the bank all screamed again, along with Thomas, before hitting their knees and cowering before the outlaws. She’d done the same thing a time or two. Her father’s bank had been robbed countless times and today’s robbery played out like all the others. She knew what came next.
The man by the door glanced around the room, his cold eyes landing on every person before he looked back up. “Ladies and Gentlemen, if you can give me just a moment of your time, I’ll make sure this little inconvenience don’t mess with your supper plans.” He took a step, the spurs on his dusty boots clicking on the wooden floor as he walked farther into the room. His gait was slow, sure. The butt of his rifle was propped on his hip and he moved like a lethal predator. His whole demeanor matched his voice. Hard, deadly. A shiver raced up Sarah’s spine as her pulse leaped.
The gunslinger nodded to the man on his right before looking over at the counter. “If one of you fine bank tellers would be so kind as to help my friend here empty out your safe, I’d be much obliged.”
Sarah straightened her spine and leaned forward, knowing Thomas would soil himself if he had to look at these criminals, let alone speak to them. “The safe is empty. The stagecoach left early this morning with most of the money.”
The man with the red bandana turned his head toward her, tilting it a fraction. He studied her for long moments. Too long. Her skin heated, her cheeks warming under his intense stare. Did he know she was lying? The skin around his eyes crinkled and she didn’t have to see his face to know he was smiling at her. “Well,” he said, moving the shotgun to lie across his arm again. “That’s mighty disappointing, Miss…?”
Sarah didn’t answer his unspoken question. “There’s enough in deposits to get you out of town. Take the money and go.”
“I intend on doing that, along with what’s in the safe.” He thumbed the front of his hat up a fraction before those crinkles around his eyes were seen again. “I know for a fact the stage hasn’t been through here today and there’s a wad of cash in that vault big enough to choke my horse. Now hand over what you got. Everything.”
Bile rose up quick, hot and thick in Sarah’s throat but she met the robber’s eyes briefly before reaching under the counter. She heard Thomas, the other bank teller, gasp when he saw what she was doing and threw him a look, hoping he’d keep his mouth shut. When her fingers wrapped around the shotgun her father kept under the counter, Sarah prayed this wouldn’t be her last day on earth.
A glance at the leader as he directed one of his men to go get the money was all the distraction she needed. Pulling the gun from under the counter, she raised it, aimed at the leader, and pulled the trigger.
The screams echoed in the room again and Sarah was shocked to see the gunslinger look toward the wall behind him. He was smiling again when he turned back to face her. The crinkles around his eyes told her so. “You missed.”
Sarah swore under her breath. She’d aimed at his middle and still missed him? And the arrogant man didn’t even flinch. When the other three men pointed a gun at her, she lowered her shotgun, glancing at everyone in the room before looking back at the leader.
“Take her firearm.” The man to her left walked forward and snatched the gun from her, tossing it to the man she couldn’t seem to take her eyes off of. He caught it with one hand and laid her shotgun across his arm with his own. “Now, we’re wasting valuable time here. Get those deposits in the bag, and what’s in the safe, and we’ll be on our way.”
Sarah glared at the man who stepped up to the counter and thrust the bags at her. She snatched them from the outlaw’s hand, scowling as she went about her task. When the bags were full she handed them back to the waiting man.
Looking back at the leader, she raised her chin, meeting his hardened gaze. “You’ll not make it out of town. I’m sure the marshal is waiting for you outside as we speak.”
“I doubt that. It’ll take him a while to get out of the jail, especially after I went to the extra trouble of trussing him up so nicely.” He ordered his men out and sat her gun down on the table by the wall. “Much obliged, ma’am.” He tipped his hat to her, staring at her for long moments before walking back out into the bright sunlight, the echo of his spurs against the wooden floor ringing in her head long after he disappeared from sight. A collective sigh went through those in the bank and Sarah wanted to join them. Instead, she cautiously walked out from behind the counter.
Her blood was near boiling point now that the immediate danger was over. Her outrage burned like acid in her stomach that these scoundrels would saunter into her father’s bank and steal what little these people had.
There wasn’t a sound from outside. No outcry from anyone. What was wrong with the people of this town? These bandits had robbed them blind and they weren’t going to lift a finger, or their voice, in protest?
Seeing the shotgun on the table, Sarah crossed the room and snatched it up before running to the counter and reloading it. “Thomas, run out the back and try to get to the jail.” He looked at her, startled, and protested but she ignored him and ran to the front door, ignoring those in the bank telling her to stay behind the counter.
Stepping out on the newly laid wooden sidewalk she set her sights on the outlaws, all sitting on their horses now, looking for one in particular. She found him moments later. He was shouting orders for the others to go. Lifting the heavy gun, she sighted on him and pulled the trigger.
The outlaw’s hat flew over the top of his horse’s head. The animal reared up on its hind legs before the rider was able to get control of him. He turned the beast back to the bank and Sarah lifted the gun again. It wasn’t loaded but she hoped he would think otherwise.
His black hair shone in the noonday sun. It was long, curling over the collar of his coat and fell over his forehead to lie across his eyebrows. He lifted his hand to push those fallen strands away from his face and her breath was cut short when he locked eyes with her. She was finally able to see them. They were the palest blue she’d ever seen. They held her in place, taunting her inability to handle the gun. The skin around his eyes wrinkled again and she knew he was smiling. She’d nearly shot his head off and the arrogant man was smiling.
“You missed. Again.”
Sarah lifted the gun another inch. “Maybe, but not by much. Shall I keep trying?”
He laughed, a deep rumbling sound that Sarah felt to the soles of her feet. She glanced down the dusty street at the other end of town. The townsfolk were stirring, some running toward the jail.
If this outlaw had indeed tied William, the marshal, up it wouldn’t be long before he was loose. Looking back at the outlaw, she noticed he seemed in no hurry to leave. He was still watching her, his arms now folded over the pommel of his saddle, his hat abandoned on the ground. She lifted her chin to him when he did nothing but sit there and stare at her. “What are you waiting for?”
“I thought you were going to shoot me.”
She swallowed. He knew the shotgun was empty. He was taunting her. Lowering the gun, she rested the barrel on the sidewalk. “The marshal will be here soon. Stay where you are.”
His laughter followed her curt demand. He sat up suddenly, swung his leg over the horse’s back, and jumped to the ground. Sarah tensed and took two steps back.
Picking up his hat, he dusted it off and placed it on his head, lowering the front as he turned back to her. “It’s been a real pleasure, ma’am, but I’m afraid I’m out of time.” In an act that spoke of his arrogance, or complete stupidity, he raised his hand and lowered the bandana that covered his face. Sarah stared at him and knew she’d never see another man who looked as he did. Hard, cold and completely heart stopping.
The dusting of stubble on his chin made him look rugged. His square jaw, firm and strong. Full lips and high cheekbones that only accentuated his eyes more. They were mesmerizing. He was mesmerizing. She blinked and looked back down the street. They were coming. The townsfolk had finally snapped out of their daze and were coming. She didn’t see William, her soon to be fiancé and town marshal, among them.
Turning back to the outlaw, Sarah saw him watching the men down the street. “Looks like they’ll catch you after all,” she said, smugly.
When he turned back to her, he smiled. “Maybe.”
The curve of his mouth caught her attention. The whiteness of his teeth. All straight and he actually had them all. Something she wasn’t used to seeing, especially in those who lived a life as rough as he probably did. Such perfection shouldn’t be given to a rogue the likes of this man. He was too handsome by half. Too handsome for her good sense.
A ground-shaking explosion rocked her on her feet moments before a fireball lit up the sky. Screams and shouts followed, the sound of wood splitting echoing in the distance before burning embers rained down onto the ground. She stared toward the old smithy in stunned silence as the fire grew. Hearing a horse snuffling, she turned back to the outlaw. He was in the saddle, staring at the chaos. With a final glance at her, he tipped his hat, smiled, and turned his horse, heading in the opposite direction of town.
Sarah dropped the gun and ran out into the street, watching him ride away with his stolen money, knowing no one would catch him. A man stepped off the sidewalk at the saloon at the end of the street and fired one shot at him. The outlaw’s horse reared before he got it under control and he fired a shot back.
More gunfire from behind startled her and she turned. Another masked man was riding toward her. When she realized he wasn’t slowing down, she turned and ran for the bank. She wasn’t fast enough. A strong arm wrapped around her waist and she let out a startled scream as she was scooped from the ground and laid across the outlaw’s thighs, belly down.
“Let me go!” Sarah struggled, kicking her feet and screaming. He smacked her hard on the bottom, laughing when she yelped, before snaking one arm around her waist and holding on. His grip was painful and her heart raced when the man from the saloon raised his gun at them when they neared. Thankfully he saw her and didn’t shoot.
The outlaw drove the horse at a punishing pace and Sarah was powerless to do anything but shield her face from the onslaught of wind and dust. Her stomach rolled from the rapid jarring as the horse raced across the plain and from seeing the ground pass by in a blur under her. She turned her head to the man behind her and glanced up at him through her lashes. The lower half of his face was covered, his eyes unreadable as stone. He stank to high heaven and his grip on her was this side of painful.
They left the town behind and rode for what seemed like hours through wide-open plains, the sun dipping down behind the mountains in the distance. The area was barren except for the sagebrush painting the horizon. The sun was hot and sweat trickled down her spine. He slowed the horse enough to sit her up. She was thankful as the blood that had collected in her head finally started traveling where it was supposed to go but this new position wasn’t much better. The man behind her was felt more intimately against her bottom with every step of the horse. She shuddered at the thought of what he’d do with her when he reached where he was going.
As time passed, Sarah kept looking over her captors shoulder. She saw no one, no dust cloud signaling the approach of other riders. It meant William wasn’t coming after her. Did he even know she’d been taken?
An hour later, at the base of a rocky outcrop, the outlaw slowed his horse and gave a whistle that pierced her ears. An answering call sounded in the distance and he nudged the horse into a gallop. Riding through a maze of solid rock, and into a small gorge, Sarah saw the others. The men who’d robbed her father’s bank. They were sitting on the surrounding rocks, their horses off to one side grazing on the sparse grass growing in the small enclosed space. She looked for the man she thought was the leader, the man she’d tried to shoot, repeatedly, but missed. She didn’t see him and puzzled over the fact.
She counted eight men total. There hadn’t been that many inside the bank. Where had these extra men come from and were there more of them? Her initial fear grew as they all seemed to notice her at the same time. One man stood, grinned and threw his head back and laughed. “Hot damn, Virgil. Where’d you find that piece of tail?”
The man at her back laughed and dumped her none too gently to the ground. “Standing in the middle of the road outside the bank. Figured since she was there, might as well have her.”
Sarah scrambled to a nearby rock, flattening her back to its rough surface and watched as the men laughed and gawked at her. Her knee ached from the fall off the horse and seeing so many men surrounding her, the fear she’d felt since being abducted grew.
Her hair, once pinned pristinely to the back of her head, had fallen to dangle around her face. She lifted her hand, pushing the mass of curls away so she could see and noticed her hand was shaking. She clamped it between her knees and let her gaze roam the entire area.
The scraggly group of men lounged in small groups, each one interested in her all of a sudden. Her heart started racing as she took them all in and she wondered what they were going to do with her. The images that came to mind caused a shiver to race up her spine.
A tall man, his long stringy hair hanging halfway down his back stood and took a few steps closer to where she sat. He stared at her, spit out a black stream of tobacco juice that dribbled down his chin, and shook his head. “Colt won’t let you keep her.”
Virgil, the foul smelling man who’d taken her, jumped from his horse. “Fuck Colt. He ain't the law around here.”
Sarah listened to them argue, Virgil, the loudest. The majority of the conversation was about her but it soon turned to the money they’d stolen and to Colt, the man Sarah now knew led this gang of ruffians. Her thoughts turned to him as she stared at the men around her. If tobacco guy said Colt wouldn’t let Virgil keep her, did that mean he’d let her go? Somehow she didn’t think so.
Long minutes ticked by and they seemed to forget she was there. While the men were occupied in their conversations, and heated arguments, Sarah slid along the rocks, inch-by-inch, careful to not make any sound. She was halfway to the small opening they’d ridden through by the time Virgil noticed her.
He cocked his head to one side, grinning at her. “Where you think you’re going?”
Sarah froze, her eyes wide as she stared at him. When he took a step toward her she leaped to her feet and ran. He caught her before she could make it to the opening of the outcrop they were hiding in. When he picked her up, her feet dangling in the air, she screamed. Her shrieks only caused them more glee, their taunts of what they’d do with her spoken with more certainty.
Virgil yelled for a rope as he carried her to a nearby tree, the spindly branches sweeping low to touch the ground. The trunk was small and lashing her to it was done in a matter of minutes. With her hands behind her, fastened around the tree, she could move nothing but her feet, which she used whenever one of them came near her.
“She’s a hellion, Virgil. Be hours a’ fore we can break her.”
Sarah’s eyes burned and she blinked to erase the tears trying to form. “You come near me and I’ll break your nose!” When Virgil walked toward her, his hands on his belt buckle, she gritted her teeth and hoped to God she’d have the strength to fight them all off.
“I can break her. Ain't no woman around who can resist me.”
Laughter from the others was blocked out as Sarah’s gaze fell to Virgil. His belt was undone and when he reached into his pants, pulling out his erection, she turned her head.
The sun was going down, the sky painted in hues of purple and orange. Small puffy clouds dotted the horizon and she again wondered where William was. Of all the people she expected to come for her, he was the first on her list and not because he was the town marshal. He’d asked her to marry him. She should have given him a definite answer instead of telling him she wanted to think about it. Plain stubbornness had made her wait. That same stubbornness would probably be the death of her.
Virgil closed the distance between them and it wasn’t until he was right in front of her that Sarah turned to look at him. And planted the toe of her boot in his groin. His womanly scream was followed by another as she kicked him again when he fell to his knees. Three more kicks followed the first two before he rolled far enough away she couldn’t reach him. She was panting for breath by then, those tears she’d been fighting filling her eyes.
Watching the others, she waited for them to come at her but they were too busy laughing at Virgil’s failed rape attempt to bother. The sun crept lower on the horizon and by the time Virgil was able to stand again, the air had cooled.
The look on his face when he turned toward her would have scared her on a normal day but after what she’d been through since noon, it didn’t faze her much. He was angry, that was a given, and the taunts from his friends only made it worse.
He came at her again, knocking her foot away when she tried to kick him and backhanded her for her trouble. Her face exploded with heat from the brutal hit. When he grabbed her by the hair, slinging her head back into the tree, her vision blurred, her knees went weak, and her body slumped as pain shot through her head. His heated words were harsh next to her ear as he told her what he was going to do to her and she fought the dizzying need to close her eyes and slip into oblivion. He was pulling her skirts up when the laughter she heard in the background stopped. A small clicking sound in front of her forced her eyes open. The noise had come from a gun, its barrel lying against Virgil’s temple.
“Let her go.”
Virgil stilled, his watery eyes fixed on hers. When he smiled, Sarah saw his rotten teeth and looked away, up at the man she’d tried to shoot at the bank. Their leader, the blue-eyed man she knew she’d never forget.
Colt, they had called him, glanced at her briefly; his eyes held a lethal calmness that caused a shiver to dance over her limbs.
Fixing his gaze back on Virgil, he took a step closer and pushed the barrel of the gun harder into the side of his head. “I won’t ask you again, Virgil. Unless you want your brains splattered across this pretty lady's face, then I suggest you let her go.”

End of excerpt….

Other books by this author

Western Romance

The Lawman (Willow Creek #1)
The Outlaw (Willow Creek #2)
The Gambler (Willow Creek #3)
The Rancher (Willow Creek #4)
His Brother's Wife (Willow Creek #5)
A Willow Creek Christmas (Willow Creek #6)
The Avery's of Willow Creek Boxset 
(Willow Creek Series Books 1-4)


Contemporary Romance

Wicked: Tempt Me Not (Wicked Series #1)
Wicked: Leather and Lace (Wicked Series #2)
Wicked: Jade Butterfly (Wicked Series #3)
Wicked: Sweet Temptation (Wicked Series #4)
Wicked: The Complete Series (Books 1 - 4)
Blame It On The Mistletoe (single title romance)
That First Christmas ( single title romance)


Paranormal Romance

The Calling (Night Breeds Series #1)
The Gathering (Night Breeds Series #2)


About the Author:



Lily Graison lives in the foothills of North Carolina with her husband, two high-strung Yorkies and more cats than she can count. First published in 2005, she is the author of twenty published books in the Western, Contemporary and Paranormal Romance genres.

When not writing, Lily can be found at her sewing machine creating 1800’s period clothing or participating in civil war re-enactments and area living history events. When not portraying a southern belle, you can find her at a nearby store feeding her obsession for all things resembling office supplies.

For more about Lily Graison, visit any of the following locations around the web:

Website: http://lilygraison.com/
Blog: http://lilygraison.com/blog
Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/LilyGraison
FaceBook: http://www.facebook.com/authorLilyGraison

Join her Newsletter: http://lilygraison.com/newsletter/

Or Email Lily at: lily@lilygraison.com


The Lawman
The Willow Creek Series #1
Copyright © 2011 by Lily Graison

Published by Lily Graison at Smashwords

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means mechanical, electronic, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written consent of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

The right of Lily Graison to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

First digital release, November 2011
Second digital release, June 2014

Second Edition

All characters in this publication are purely fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



