The Wings 
of a Broken Bird:

By Christine Wood

Copyright © by C Wood 2020

Any resemblance, to people, events, and places,
Written within the pages of this book, is purely coincidental.
As this is a work of total fiction, all characters depicted in this work of fiction.

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This eBook. May not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this, book and did not purchase it, or it wasn’t purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Warning: I am a hopeless dyslexic, and please bear that in mind when reading, I have had them Grammar checked. Please focus on the story and if there are major issues please let me know…
Also UK & US are minefields of miss matched grammar.
Tyre vs. Tire & my favourite Arse vs. Ass


Chapter 1:

I am on my way to see my mother, a task I have rather successfully put off doing, until now. I am heading to see her with Jess, my daughter. Who thankfully has had enough in her life to distract her from talking about my mother much, though she did ask, and I say thankfully again, because it was no more than a handful of times that her name was mentioned too. Jess, she was smart and could see it pained me to talk about her grandmother not being around or even why that was, and because of my daughters very intelligent, caring and thoughtful mind, I was blessed with never having to explain the whys and wherefores of my mother never being a part of her life.
Alas all good things come to an end eventually, things generally do, as I have found to my own personal cost many times in my life. I watch as my hyper and very deep thinking daughter is chewing her pen and doing her umpteenth list of questions to ask her grandmother. I guess as I have never spoken about her, she has a right to ask the source of my loathing the questions she did not want to ask me. Though it was my idea she wrote the damned list, I do dread those questions being asked by Jess, and there will be plenty when eventually they do meet. If they meet, Mother may not turn up, as she did many times when I was growing up. I will not have Jess hurt by my mother, as I was.
“Mom, when we get there, will Grandma like me?” Now do I be honest with my girl, or do I dash her hopes and tell her I thinks she is up to no good, or do I lie to protect her? I play the good mother and lie and hope to God my mother has changed.
“She will love you Little Bird, after all what’s not to like? You’re smart, independent and very beautiful. You have all the qualities Grandma likes in people.” I know my mother does love these qualities in a child, because she told me often enough that I lacked them. Jess, she’s a bright young lady and she will see through my mother’s games, and I will be there to catch her when my mother ruins Jess’s dreams, and she will. This dream is about having her beloved great-grandmother back once more. Alas my mother, unlike her mother, isn’t a nice old woman, she is nothing like my beloved grandmother, who is known or rather was known as Grandy to me and Duchess to Jess.
You can’t really tell a fifteen year old about things she has never had or witnessed in her life before, especially things concerning me and that woman. There were good things about her, pre-me, that Jess could be proud of, many things actually, because my mother was a once great actress. So Jess had at least this to look forward to talking to her about. It’s what came after her fall from grace that is not easy to talk about, I have never spoken about my mother’s problems, because I didn’t need to, it’s out there on the super highway. Stories about how she became just another has been actress, a washed-up, drunken and drug taking prostitute, to name a few of my mother’s demons. She could have changed, and I really have to hope she has. I don’t relish having to dash my daughter’s illusions before I have to. I’m sure Mother will do that with no help from me, she has past form for it, losing it in public and in great style too.
She went spectacularly mad before my birth, when news of her habitual drug taking, whilst pregnant, hit the newsstands, and she had a very public breakdown. One which had her locked away until after she gave birth to me, she was sectioned by Grandy, to ween her from those same said drugs, drugs, that thanks to her I was born addicted to. After she had me they passed me over to Grandy to raise, they had to, as she wanted to drown me as soon as she saw me, as all little bastards should be, and she kept the threats to drown me coming, and for many years too. Though these threats Grandy got, they were never in the flesh threats, no that would have meant her coming to see me.
We were however treated to the occasional strange telephone threats and those very wordy letter threats, when she was off her meds, or high. Grandy’s determination to keep her out of both of our lives wasn’t a task she had to do with great gusto either, as mother never bothered to come to see us when her life was perfect, but when it hit the flusher, boy did we know about it, and she did it rather successfully over the years too, hit the flusher? I think we met that mother about a dozen times as I was growing up, and it was during those visits that I was told I was nothing to her but a disappointment, and that was fine, the feelings were reciprocated by both Grandy and I, because to me, she was and still is nothing but a name on a birth certificate to me. Sad but true, disappointment does breed contempt. That bumper sticker was at least in my case, true.
It was such a shame too, because before my birth, she was the highest and most in demand Hollywood actress the studio had, and her films made money for everyone. With eight big films under her belt, good films too, ones that gave her a countless number of awards and accolades. Which now adorned her shelves, even Grandy said she was something spectacular to see, and I have to admit the movies I saw of Mommy Dearest, yes, she was good. What happened to change her nobody knew, a jilted lover, one sniff to much of the white powder or a breakdown? She, it seems, became bad overnight and just months before my birth. What happened to change her I can’t imagine? I know the film she did in Ireland, the same film where she met my father, was her last good film and I know, because Grandy still has the awards she got for it.
After filming wrapped, my mother stayed on in Ireland, because she was having a fling with the married lead actor, so they had stopped on in the house Grandy owned there. They were inseparable and stopped there whilst waiting for the film to be finished off in editing and production. They were apparently blissfully in love, but something changed her whilst she was stopping there, that was all Grandy said. She refused to talk to Grandy about it, but I was sure Grandy knew what it was, but never said and she took the secret to her grave. Whatever it was turned my mother into a bad person. She drank heavily, even whilst pregnant with me. So much so, she didn’t know she was having me and it was too late to terminate.
The married actor wasn’t fooled into thinking I was his and he dumped her pretty quickly after she told him she was having his child, that was not possible, because he’d had the chop. So she was left on her own and desperate and used harder drugs to rid herself of me, which was why Grandy had her locked away, and which was why I was to be brought up by my Grandy. Something I’m thankful for and as it was, she was no great loss in my life. She was an expert at throwing away a good thing in her life, preferring the demons she courted instead.
Mommy, she chose then to marry for money instead of working for it, and she picked up rich ex’s, husbands, many rich fiancés and many rich married lovers. She got rich men in great quantity and in many various lands too, and most whilst holidaying on her yacht. There was it seems more than sightseeing done for her on holiday, she picked up a gullible rich man wherever she went. My mother was up to at least husband number seven in her ex-husband collecting, this hobby, job career, call it what you want, this alone had made her a very wealthy woman, which was good, I guess? It has given her a nice nest egg, supposedly a nest egg for her to enjoy in her golden years, all those thirty pieces of silver, from those gullible men, garnered her nothing but loneliness. All that money and yet it never seemed to bring her any happiness and as it turned out, Karma was indeed keeping an eye on my mother, because that easily got money was easily lost too.
Some years later, she got a sudden life boost if you will, she was offered the role to bring her back her fading fame in a great way, with that great role came a great script, an amazing cast and crew, she had a way back to her much yearned for stardom. We were treated to a phone call telling us to expect people knocking on our door for stories, we were shocked that she was even up for the role, but happy for her to have her new moment. It would mean she left us alone. Alas that never happened, why we were surprised God only knows? Her much publicised come back role in that great new movie, backfired with drastic consequence to her personally, to her finances and to her health. Despite the much publicised re-launch of her once glittering career, it never came to fruition, despite her telling anyone who would listen the next Oscar was hers, though she got the film role that would, if she had not messed it all, it could lead her back to the once many red carpet appearances and allow her talent to shine once more.
So, when she was fired from the movie, she did something vengeful and something that, had I been her, I would not have started, she decided to sue them for dropping her from it. It was such a big mistake on her part, because they came prepared to take her on in court, rather than bankrupt the movie, they trashed her publicly. I never understood her bringing such a frivolous case, they were stupid in even trying, they should have just taken the film company offered her, which was nothing to sniff at, for less than a two weeks on the set. She should have grabbed the settlement and moved on, but no, she wanted the publicity the case would bring, or rather her son and my half-brother Declan did. Why they bothered even starting it I don’t know, because everything about the film producer’s reasons for firing her, were true? When she inevitably lost, the studio counter sued for their costs and they won, they won because of her failure to declare her on-going mental health and associated drug problems. She had not got a leg to stand on.
She’d only got the role because Declan had a medical report faked, one which Mother needed to pass, it needed to show she was free from drugs and clean, they both knew there would be no film without it. The studio, they took her on and regretted it almost instantly, she was as I said, two whole weeks into filming and started having problems and they had to replace her, they couldn’t lose thousands upon thousands of dollars for each day she was laid up in her trailer feeling unwell. Was she so naive to think that they wouldn’t check everything when she started to fall apart, they did and that’s when Declan sued them for dropping her? I suspect it was madness and or greed on his part, who knows why they did it but those two idiots? The paperwork and medical documents that the studio produced, let’s just say they were very good and they ruined her, embarrassed her and drove her into hiding, because not only did they show her to be a habitual drug user and drunk, but they revealed all of her past misdemeanours, and shock horror, all about her arrest for soliciting, which was a shock for Grandy too, she knew some things and not the others.
Yes, she lost the case, and after all her dirty washing was aired in public, not only did she lose her last chance to get some easy money, she not only lost that, but she also lost what little reputation she had left, but she also lost her credibility, that film and her son’s actions cost her dearly. It all backfired so very horribly for her. Losing the case cost her millions in legal fees, both hers and theirs, but it also ruined her making money from simply being her, her money in the prior years before the film, was made from selling herself as a public figure, after all there weren’t many millionaires courting her, so the money she made from her weddings and her glamorous life, that too stopped coming in, because her life then lacked credibility.
So then she became a recluse, pretty damn sharpish after that. That court case was her last big splash on the world too. She had all too often courted the mad, bad publicity machine of the press and television news, she had always been happy to sell her latest wedding to a magazine. She had ridden the publicity train most of her acting life. Then when it unceremoniously dumped her at station unknown, she disappeared into her other world and out of mine too! I’ll give her, her dues, she knows when to quit, because she did the quitting so well and failed often: as a mother, a daughter, a film star and at being a loyal wife, though she succeeded in being a drunk and drugged up has been. I may be a little bitter towards my mother, for some strange reason... Jess is asking questions again and I have to wonder when will she ever stop? I laugh inside, not until she knows everything, that’s when.
“She’s taken her sweet time replying to my letters, why the change in heart Mom?” I shook my head, I don’t know my mother, nor her reasons for us demanding we come and see her. I had to wonder why the change had come about too. My mother had never asked to see Jess or me in the last fifteen years and she had hardly seen me in the nineteen years prior to Jess’s birth either. I’d had the odd weekend at the castle in Scotland, or the occasional trip to her latest husbands place with Grandy, when she was happy, but I’d had nothing since having Jess, and I mean nothing, not even a card or a phone call to say congratulations.
Jess had never asked about my mother much, as it made me unhappy, nor did she ask much about her father either, well not in any detail anyway, she heard things but not from me, not from the horse’s mouth, so I was shocked when she unexpectedly asked me about them and she said wanted to know, warts-n-all. I know why Jess had the sudden need to know all about her hidden family, a class project was the reason for the sudden interest in her roots. She said they were doing a family history tree in school and she asked for the ‘warts-n-all version’ not the muted one she got from those she had already asked. I always said, when she was old enough to understand, I would tell her everything, it wasn’t a secret, she just never asked. It was the day I had dreaded forever and when she asked about them, that day it was finally here. I’d always told myself that when the day came, I would tell her everything, but when it did, I chickened out and I just told her the need to know things.
I don’t have any regrets of how my life has panned out and in the most, it’s been fantastic apart from one major happening in my life, a happening that caused many horrific aftershocks for me and my family, which were far more devastating than the happening itself. My earthquake lead to a horrid tsunami of total devastation for me and it wiped me out and made the rebuilding of my life so much harder to do. My fresh start had to be done on sandy ground, unfortunately for me there were patches of quicksand there too and it swallowed me feet first and the more I struggled, the more bogged down I became, but thankfully I had many ropes thrown to me. They pulled me out of my bad place, kicking and screaming, my little girl, Jessica Jay Bird, was the best thing I clung on to.
Telling my daughter about her father, added a little more regret to my life. I regretted that I had lied to my daughter for the first time ever, when we had the ‘who she was’ talk. Yes, I lied when it came time for telling her the warts-n-all about him, instead I told her he was just a drunken onetime thing I’d had with someone, someone I did not remember, there was no name, no photos nothing at all, it had happened because I was drunk. I had never done that to her before, lied.
As the words slipped from my mouth, my heart sank. I had told her I was drunk at a university party and had unprotected sex with someone, even possibly more than one person, and so I hadn’t a clue her father was. That was one hell of a big regret, my need to lie to her about her father. I added that one to the biggest regret ever, not telling Ben who was her wonderful, loving, caring and beautiful father, who was also in the same breath, a cheating, lying waste of a man, a man who broke my heart and made it impossible for me to love again.
Loving him was the quicksand that kept me bogged down. I couldn’t move on from him, because he was my first love and my one true love. When you fall in love as we had done, quickly and deeply, and for it to end suddenly, without a chance for more, it was just too hard to move on from, because our love was all-consuming. Unfortunately for me, it did not diminish as I got older and as all those years passed me by, the pain I felt at his betrayal lessened slightly, but my love for him it was still there and as strong as it ever was. 
How I wish I could just wake up and not remember him, one morning would be enough, but not a chance in hell, I had a constant reminder to feed every single one of those mornings, because his double was sat across from me at the breakfast table and her smiling face looked back at me, with his same beautiful eyes and his dark hair, she had his funny little leave me alone temper and his concentration, she was him in everything she did, my angel lived on through her.
I should have told him he was going to be a father before he died. Should-a, could-a, would-a, oh how I wished I had. Yes… I knew who her father was because I’d only ever slept with him, and we had been together for only ten months. Ten wonderful months, when I found myself pregnant, and after learning about his betrayal, I was understandably a little confused when he died. Even now my feelings are a mess, love and hate are in the same breath as hurt and happiness, there was also my loyalty and his betrayal in my head too. I always asked Grandy do they always go together hand in hand, being sad yet happy? I will tell Jessica one day the whole truth, one day when I think she can handle it. Hahaha, who am I trying to kid, that’s more likely to be when I think I can handle it, she’s a smart kid. She’s smarter than I was at her age.
I wasn’t spoken to for almost a week, after I told her that her mother was a slutty party girl, who never asked for her father’s name. She didn’t ignore me as such, but there were none of our usual Mom and Daughter chats in the evening because she was processing it all. She did exactly as her father did, she went away, thought about it and came back. She came back with more questions, and she expected answers, but not about her father, I think finding out I didn’t know killed her respect for me a little that day, hell it killed mine too. She did come back with questions, but about her grandma.
I’d always told her the bare minimum about my mother too, but she was easier to research thanks to the internet, thankfully not having her father’s name hampered her efforts there. She wanted to know then about the great Daniella Gabriella Ware-Kullberg, the once great actress and now, she was a surprisingly much acclaimed author, who had written a farce of a book that she claimed to be her memoirs. Why did I ever buy the damn book again, because it had brought her back into my world, and along with it, the damned questions, about why was I not in it more? Being her daughter, yes, she had really skirted over the fact that she had me, a hard thing to ignore in your memoirs, but she managed quite well. I get a passage or two of a mention and there’s the odd photograph, some of which I had taken, and she had used.
I was referred to as the mistake offspring of her hour long tryst, with a Red Indian stunt rider, one she’d simply had drunken sex with, in her trailer and one who’s name had escaped her. She waxed lyrical about its being just the once, during the film she was making, but once was enough to impregnated her with his spawn. She had with him, produced a now estranged half-blood Red Indian daughter, a daughter who preferred to live with her father, playing with the other raggedy arsed Indians on the reservation. Yes very lyrically and incorrect, because none of us were raggedy arsed anything. She also mentions she is a grandmother, through me and that she now has a granddaughter, so she must have known about Jess all along.
She doesn’t go into detail about her son either. My half-brother Declan. He, for her, was a lot harder to escape from than I was. She had nobody to dump him on and forget about. He was her much publicized bad boy son party loving and spoilt, a son, who at fifteen was accused of rape. He was a major screw up, a head case and the son of a man who fixed his problems for him and her. Alas his father was just unable to fix his son. The girl dropped the charges before it went to court. She suddenly remembered she might have said yes, she had a flashback and remembered consenting to their union, another farce. I’d had a feeling his father stepped up to save his psycho son, again. After he had escaped that crime, he became an even nastier piece of work, than he was before, he was a true chip of the old block, he too was a drunk, pill popping idiot, a true psychotic bastard, and all before his sixteenth birthday. 
He had always been bad for as long as I can remember, the first time I saw true evil, it was seeing him lose it, and he was just ten at the time. He was sent to stop with us for the summer, Mommy Dearest, she was on her fourth or fifth marriage, and Grandy was left with little choice to take him in, because he and his nanny turned up on the doorstep. I hadn’t seen much of Declan growing up, both he and Mom stayed away, so it was a shock him there when I returned from school. Grandy cancelled our holiday and we stopped for a week with them, the nanny and the boy, and lord was I was glad we did. We, Declan and I were taking breakfast on Grandy’s bedroom balcony, overlooking the Thames. It was a sunny morning and Percival, Lulu and the rest of the yapping pug family Grandy adored, were doing their happy yapping at my feet, in preparation for my giving them their plate of liver, kidneys and bacon, yes they were spoilt.
I was feeding them it when Percy asked Declan for some of his, he pushed him away making him yelp, I cuddled Percy and gave him his treat, putting him down he went to ask Declan again. What happened next made me violently ill, he picked him up and threw him to his death, as he landed on the boatshed roof. I screamed as he went for Lulu and the rest. He then had Lulu in his arms and was throwing her too, but I smacked him in his nose so hard he dropped her into my arms. Putting her down, I continued hitting him, but the frenzied barking of the dogs combined with my screaming made Grandy come a running.
She saw poor Percy and boy did she thrash Declan’s arse raw, he was dispatched with his sore bottom, bust nose and lip and his nanny, back to his stepfather’s yacht within the hour. I already hated the boy and I knew that day I had seen true evil, he was deeply disturbed and mental, and I was right he would never change. He carried on being an arse, all his life. All of his wrong doings were out there on the super internet highway, his pictures appeared in various tabloids, and he found it hard to escape from the press because when you seek them out to court publicity, as both he and mother used to. They are a double bladed sword when you hope to rule their airways, you can’t choose what they print when it suits you, unfortunately for him as they hated him, it was never anything good.
Me? They never found, and if they did, I was just a boring American college professor and attorney, and I don’t think I was newsworthy enough. I didn’t exist in their world anymore and hadn’t done for the past fifteen wonderful years. Thank the Lord… I have, according to the book, refused her all contact and in doing so kept her grandchild away from her. If they only knew the real reason why, her and that farcical book would be dead in the water. She wrote too that I was a wild hippy child, traits I’d inherited from both her crazy mother and my savage father, both free spirits. She also penned more lies stating, I’m currently finding myself in Arizona! There’s a smidge of the truth hidden in that sentence, one sentence out of seven hundred pages of pure bull shit…

Chapter 2:

I had no need to find myself. I knew who I was. I am Sara Nascha Bird and yes, I had lived the past wonderful fifteen years in Arizona, on my father’s ranch there. The place where I had spent all my summers and holidays, from the very first visit when I was a month old. I had spent nineteen long and happy summers there, along with my crazy Grandy and my loving father and his wife Sara. She was my mother in all but birth. She, on all my long breaks there, cared for me and loved me. I think if she’d had her way I would have stopped there, but Dad said Grandy was my legal guardian, a deal they’d had to make with the devil who was my mother, and one he understood, but between them I was loved and cared for. Sara had succumbed to cancer when I was just twelve and I missed her and her wisdom.
Fifteen years ago, I came home for good to have my daughter, I was just nineteen and afraid. There would be no more visits back to London and there would be no more having to face danger. I had decided we were stopping in Arizona, and I never looked back. A place that had always been good to me, very good. It was there where I finally considered home, a place where I was happy, and it was a place where Jess thrived, because we were safe. The home we have here is just that home, a happy safe and wonderful sun filled home. Jess loves it and I feel at peace her, most days anyway.
We keep a small office in the small town of White River, to deal with things on the reservation were Jess was raised, though we have lived for the past five years, since my father’s death, in Tucson to be near Jess’s school and my work. We still spent every weekend at the horse ranch, because it’s still the best place on the planet, with Mother Nature right on our back porch. I thank God it almost runs itself mid-week, with the help of the manager Cane and the hands, our wild Mustangs rule my land and the rest has cattle grazing on it.
Dad had always said when he retired that he would like to once again make contact with mother earth and enjoy the fruits of his labour. The ranch, it was Mother Sara’s baby, her farm and horse ranch. She was the one who taught me to ride, whilst Grandy taught me to shoot, and the men on the ranch showed me how to hunt. I was not your typical little girl. I was a kick arse rebel, more boy than girl, my father used to call me his little renegade. However, I was also a straight-A-student, both here and at my other home, in Richmond, Surrey. So much so, I was in university at just seventeen years of age and learning the family business, because I wanted to be a lawyer just like my Daddy.
Unfortunately for Dad, he never was able to retire, because he died before he could, of a stupid blood clot of all things. From an injury sustained when he crushed his leg and pelvis in a freak riding accident. He’d fallen off his horse, when it was spooked by a rattlesnake. He’d been out riding with poor Jess, who then had to ride hard to get help, after she tried unsuccessfully to move him and the dead horse on top of him, for hours, but it was far too heavy. He and the horse had rolled down a ravine and landed in a crushed heap at the bottom. Jess was a wreck for quite a while, thinking she could have done more. We nearly gave up the ranch that summer, and came back to live in England, such was our despair losing Dad. We stopped put, because Grandy said we had to continue to live the life my father wanted for Jess. To be free and happy. I agreed. 
We continued getting visits from The Duchess in the following years, and it was decided by Grandy that she wanted to take Jess on one of her extremely big adventures, having promised her one for years. I finally, after a lot of persuasion on both their parts, decided she could do it in her final year at high school, and before she went to college. The Duchess though failed to deliver, because she too died, but she died peacefully in her sleep, before they could do the longed for trip last year.
She’d got a bad bout of influenza and couldn’t shake it, she said it was the sharp winds of Tibet that had caused the chest pains and damn bad cold she couldn’t get rid of! She felt so bad, she said she felt it would do her in and it did. Her death was far worse than losing the other people in my life, because she was my rock, my strength and my best friend. She was someone I wished I was just a little like, her with her wild carefree spirit and her sense of adventure and fun, she was eight-seven when she died and still trekking, damn she was adventurous, she was fearless and fantastic, so what happened to me?
She did however leave me with the dilemma of what to do about the trip. Her dying before she could take Jess on her big European adventure, was her only regret in her long and wonderful life, she made me promise to do the trip in her place, and as I had promised Grandy that I would do the trip with her if she could not, and I had agreed to it just to shut her up the night before she died, so I could hardly renege on a death bed promise, even though I didn’t know it was one at the time. I ended up promising Jess I would do it as a tribute to Grandy.
Then the farce that was my mother entered the picture. Jess had finally got a reply back from her grandma, after doing an internet search she wrote to her. Actually, she’d written many letters over the past six months, something she’d kept from me. When she showed me the reply to her last letter, I just knew on that fateful day, that my past would come back to haunt me. She wasn’t the only one shocked to hear from her. I had long since put my mother and brother out of my mind. I often dreamed that they had never existed, such a wonderful dream. She’d never asked me questions about them until the dratted book and family tree thing came into our home.
Jess was just ten when Dad died and fourteen when the Duchess died, they told her things. I knew she had asked them the questions she thought she could not ask me. They then gave her their limited versions and knowledge of my past, and hers, how could they not? Jess was a persistent little thing when she had to be and had this way of getting what she wanted without you realising she had! Jess was the sunshine and the pleasure in all our lives. She had done so well in her last year that I couldn’t renege on the deal I had made with Grandy, even if I wanted too. Besides, I thought it was time, time to try at least to be a little free spirited like Grandy. Ha, I wish. Jess yes, me? That’s a big no. Smart I may be, but real world, real life smart? I am not.
 I had a detailed list of places that meant a lot to Grandy and they were places she spoke to Jess about all the time. When the Duchess died last year, we inherited a plethora of houses, chalets and cabins to choose to holiday in, in the places Grandy had promised to show her, where there to be seen and I decided what the hell, why the heck not? Then there was my once beautiful home in Surrey, my magical childhood home and my castle on the banks of the Thames, but it hasn’t been lived in for the past year, not since her passing anyhow. I had worked so hard in the past year, we both had and yes, I decided we were taking two months off, almost three actually. We had ten weeks to see the world and do touristy things and educational things. We were both excited to start, and it started today, when we got on this darned plane... Money was no object to our doing this and I am educated enough to home school my daughter as we travel.
When they died, they left me very well off, Dad left me the law firm, his horse ranch and his land, which had been in his family for generations. I was always told it was mine to care for, for Jess, just as he had cared for it for me, he didn’t own it, he was just borrowing it from me. As the many generations before him had, as would the many who came after Jess would, each borrowing it from a future generation. He would tell me it was mine, but for just a short time as it had been for generations, but in that short time we had to make our natural mark and leave it healthy for the future. So now I too was borrowing it from Jess.
I had always been wealthy, thankfully money had never been a problem, and so I could invest and care for the land we were borrowing and care for it I intended to do. It is thanks to my grandmother, the affectionately named Grandy, or The Duchess by Jess. The Duchess of Welling, the right honourable Jessica Ware, she had made sure I was provided for and she provided for Jess too, not that we needed it as I earned good money, because my practice thrived. I love my work, I love my daughter, and I love the land on which we live. I’m eager to see the things mapped out for us by Grandy. Some I had seen, others were a new and exciting mystery, one we are heading out to have.
Though thanks to Jess, we were now adding in a visit to see my mother to the trip. Apart for that trip, we are doing it to the list, and just as Jess wanted it to happen and apparently so did Grandy! Though she would not be allowing Jess to see her grandmother. I though, I have little or no choice, because Jess is that strong willed, she would only sneak off and go it alone, so it’s best we do it together. We would stop for a few days in a hotel and be a little spoilt and then go home to Richmond Surrey.
I am having it looked at whilst we are in the hotel, getting it cleaned and getting the place aired. Jess had loved the Duchess’s tales of our home there, and as she had never seen it, she naturally wanted to see her house, before we decided if we were selling it or not. It was a big thing to decide without her having ever seen it, but for me it would be like going back in time. I was taking the much dreaded emotional trip back to a place where I was happy and in love, once.
We would eventually be headed towards London, and we would be in Europe for two whole months and all were to be spent with my girl, she and I are finally running with the Bohemian genes we’d inherited from Grandy. Jesses are freer spirited than mine, because I have a little thing like personal history, work and responsibilities to deal with too.
“I don’t know about you Little Bird but I’m tired, so get your head down, it’s a long flight, and we have a stressful couple of days ahead of us.” Jess wrapped her well-worn blankie around her and dozed off, as I ran my fingers through her jet black hair. She looked so much like her Daddy.
When she was born, she was his double, so much so, that it hurt to see her and not have him by my side too. For the longest time I cried when I looked at her, and as my chubby little cherub played, he was staring back up at me. As she got older his traits were there too, my constant reminder of my first love, he was my one and only and no one would ever replace him. She was my reason for being, my world and through her, I still had him by my side. I will tell her how we met, how we fell in love, because I think the whole much put off story needs to be told. I need to tell her everything, but it’s a story too sad for me to speak of and one I have kept hidden from all but a handful of people, but the times fast approaching, were I have to tell her, and she has to know.
My grief and anger are still there nearly sixteen years later. I will tell her of the day I knew I had fallen in love for the first time. Of how I met her father that day, that wonderful day spent at Kew Gardens that glorious raining day… I do love the rain and the beautiful memory’s I have each time I see it pour from the sky, normally accompanied with tears, thankfully it doesn’t rain a lot in Arizona… I was studying in the garden and fed up of the arguments at home. I packed my backpack and headed for Kew, I’d been day dreaming as usual, and I hadn’t noticed it had started to rain, not until it was too late to head to the conservatory. It started raining even heavier as I ran for shelter, it was then I was hit by someone or something, and judging from the clobbering my shoulder took, a bloody bulldozer.
The person it turns out I hit, sent me flying, no blame was to be had, as unfortunately we both had our heads down, which meant we didn’t see each other. We each just felt the collision, I ran into his chest, then I was thrown backwards into the tree’s roots, roots my foot got tangled in and then as I fell, my head went towards the tree, boy was I sore and angry. Then I looked up to see who had nearly killed me, only to see the most beautiful man I had ever seen, he looked gorgeous.
He was dressed for a business meeting, but his jacket was thrown casually over his shoulder, he hadn’t been sent flying on his bum, because he was the immovable object, I was not, and as he helped me up to my shaky feet. I noticed his tie, it must have fallen to the floor as he sent me flying, so I leant down for it, at the same time as he did, and our heads clashed, and I sent him sprawling to the ground, I helped him up this time. Wow, he had a thick skull and my head was swimming again, was it in pain or in lust for the man who had banged my noggin?
“Thank you, how about I go this way you go that way, that way we won’t do each other anymore harm?” He smiled and was rubbing his head too.
“Sorry, I was studying. I’m so sorry, but I didn’t want to get my books wet, are you alright?”
“Fine, I’m just here to de-stress. I’ve just had a fraught business meeting and as I was travelling back to London. I saw the sign for Kew Gardens, and I thought why not, what harm could it do? It seems it can damage one’s suit and dirty one’s backside.”
“Gheeze I’m so sorry, will you please send me the bill? Here’s my card, and don’t worry it will all come out in the bloody wash.” I passed him my card and he smiled.
“Sorry, I was being a little cranky, my father and I fell out at very important meeting, so I have come away to think, re-group my thoughts and get my head together before I go back and face him with a renewed fight, and hopefully better informed to reason with him. I just needed some peace and quiet.”
“Sorry, I will go.” I picked up my bags and walked towards the Palm house. I didn’t look back but went to sit and hit the books and thought nothing more of it. I hit the books again. Then my shoulder started to throb, because it seems I’d hit that almost as hard as my head hit the tree. My shoulder was suddenly very sore and getting hot. I put down the books and took off my jumper and there it was, the mother of all bruises starting up, God it was very red and sore, ouch.
“Shit that will hurt in the morning, I’m sorry.” He was coming to sit beside me. “It’s still raining and getting worse. It is nice in here and dry. Can I drop you off somewhere? I have a car at your disposal.”
“No thanks Grandy said I hadn’t got to get in cars with strange men, even if I did ruin his Armani suit.”
“As you said, it will come out at the dry cleaners, here’s my card, it only seems fair I have yours. What are you studying?” He looked over my sore shoulder, gently assessing the damage, and told me that I needed a cold compress and some pain killers, derrr I’d worked that out for myself.
“I’m studying for my law degree at the University of Westminster. I’m in my second year and trying to get my head around, legal ethics, methods and skills, and it’s doing my tree in, excuse the tree pun.” He laughed and gave me back a book.
“You dropped this Miss Bird, by the same said tree. How come you’re here studying, and not in the warmth of some dry student digs or the pub with all the other students I see every day from my office windows, sitting in the parks discussing their emotive speeches of how best they will change the world? In my opinion they need to contribute to it financially, before they can change it, don’t you agree?”
“I only live by the river, and the walk here is nice, Grandy has her friends at the house and there’s only so much Mao Tse-tung I can take in a day, once they start, they don’t stop. As to changing the world, we have made the mess, we have created the losses, so we should each be responsible to help in any way we can to try to fix it. I can’t change all the world, but I do keep my land as green and as renewable as possible, where possible. I have to because other people are ruining it, they are eating away at it, more and more, decade by decade. Stealing from the land and the precious things Mother Nature has given us to care for.
Now we are wasting our precious resources on frivolous things and stripping it. In the name of what, progress? No, they are stripping it just for pure greed in most cases. I help in my own way and when I can, I help others. I figure if we each do all we can now, maybe we can slow down the planet’s eventual decimation, greed it seems makes this world turn. When is enough money enough? Why be the richest dead person in the cemetery? Leave your footprint on the earth in a more meaningful way. Leave a legacy behind for your children to build upon. We shouldn’t be leaving them with more of a mess to sort out and with fewer resources to rely on. These messes we create now, our children will have to clear away and will need to find more resources to do it too, and there will be none left to do that with, so we best start sooner rather than later.
The time is fast approaching, when our children and their children will be unable to build new things, bigger shiny things. They won’t have the natural resources to keep them powered or to clear away the smog, nor put back the ozone layer. Which has been and is slowly being killed by the overuse of all our modern creations. There is already an outcry to stop using the crap we invented, things that are destroying it. We will eventually have to improve on the things that are here already, and stop being a throwaway society, because that’s all we are really turning into, a bunch of consumerism addicts. Fuelled in our constant need to beat the Jones and have the best of everything. When nine times out of ten there was nothing wrong with the old thing they already had.”
“Communist, politics, philosophy and eco warrior, there are a few heavy topics of discussion there Sara, are you into politics and why are you here and not at home then?”
“No politics, and I am not into communism either. Grandy and her friends are walking along the Great Wall in the summer, when I go to Arizona. It started up a debate on the little red book, and it got a little heated, so that’s the reason I’m here and getting into a heated debate with you instead. Sorry, I have this thing for protecting the land, and the things on it, not eco at all, because I am told constantly by my people and my ancestors, to look after it, for my children’s children. I have to be mindful that it has to be here and kept alive and thriving for use by the many generations that come along after us, or what are we working for? For the here and the now, and what? Bugger the future of your children and theirs? It’s rather short sighted and selfish, don’t you think?”
“I think you could have a point and have given me an argument to use against my father. My father feels the need to shut down a factory we have recently bought, and sell the parts off, and then demolish it and put an entire estate of God awful ugly, grey breeze blocked, blue trimmed paint work, and an ugly estate of tinned roofed monstrosities on it and is intent on creating a sprawling industrial estate with neither charm, nor character. Killing off a wonderful old building and leaving those in its place. That’s why when I drove by it, I decided to buy it because it is beautiful, but half of it is empty and the rest just needs investment. We need to keep it and repair it. It’s not falling down, quite the contrary it’s a solid old building, which will still be here and for a lot longer than the units he wants to throw up have fallen down.
I have an idea that we could make the factory pay for itself, with a little investment, perhaps we could bring one of our current businesses here and use the larger of the buildings for that! The building, luckily for us, it has access to the River Thames too. Then the other smaller, yet empty buildings could be made good and then sublet to other connected industries and help keep down our transportation costs and theirs, thus using less fuel and doing our bit for the cause. Plus, the conservationists would be happy, and it may get them off our backs too. Sara, thank you. I knew I would find the answer here, but never did I think a girl and a tree root would help me? Now, why are you going to Arizona, sorry I’m being intrusive?” I smiled as I take the book from him.
“My father lives there, and he has me for the holidays, they, Grandy and he, share custody of the Renegade Squaw.”
“What, who is a Renegade squaw?”
“Sorry, my father is an Apache Indian, as am I in turn. The blonde hair throws people, as I’m not your stereotypical Apache Indian, plus I have an English accent and there it is, that look on your face, instant confusion.” He laughs, as he does, I notice how truly handsome he is, his smile is infectious.
“I am Italian, and I’m not stereotypical either. I can’t make a pizza to save my life, nor am I a gigolo.” I don’t believe the next words out of my mouth.
“Pity that then… The Pizza thing… Shit, not the gigolo… I mean… Hell sorry…” He laughed at me.
“Let me take you for pizza my way of apologising for not looking where I was going?”
“That would be nice, thank you Leonardo, that’s a mouth full. Do people shorten it to Leo?”
“My friends call me Ben, as my second name is Benito, my father is Leonardo too, so it’s less confusing at home.” I oh-ed, as I continued to stare.
“I’m Sara Nascha Bird, the Nascha means owl, in Navajo. My family have a bird theme going on with their second name and though I like it better than Sara, I don’t use it, because my mother was called Sara, well not my birth mother. My true mother, my father’s wife, and lord you’re going to be even more confused before your first slice of pizza.” He smiled.
“Well we will discuss it over pizza then, my cars this way. Do you need me to take you home first?”
“Would you mind? I need to look at my shoulder, and the noggin hurts too. It’s just down the road and I can do you pizza at home, I in fact insist on it.” He accepts my hand, and I pulled him up, as I do, he kisses me. I know I oh-ed when he did it too.
“I couldn’t resist that, and I should say sorry, but I’m not.” He did it again, and as he did, I drop my bags and return the kiss. Oh wow, I only came to study too.
“We are never going to get food at this rate. I don’t usually pick up strangers in parks. Grandy will kill me.”
“As long as she doesn’t kill me, I still have a business meeting tonight.”
“Well, I will get your lunch done quickly then. Come on.” I pick my books up and he carries them to his car, a bright red Ferrari Spider, not at all flashy.
“Don’t tell me the Porsche is in the garage?” He laughed.
“No, it’s at home in Italy, we boys like our toys, so where to then?”
“Friars Gate by the Thames?” He laughed.
“We’re near neighbours. I live in the same area. I have a mews apartment there.”
“Umm, it’s a small world. Grandy’s house is nice and is handy for my rowing on the river, as it backs on to it.” He really is nice, and as we get to the house, he sighs.
“This is nice, really nice, do you really live here?”
“Why, do I not look like I belong? Come on meet the Duchess, she doesn’t bite.”
“The Duchess, who is she?”
“She is my grandmother, the right honourable, Duchess of Welling. She doesn’t use the title, but it’s hers. She prefers Jess or Jessica. Don’t worry, it’s not as if you’re asking to marry me or anything? Come on I have pizza to make.” We walk into the house and he is being dragged in behind me. “Grandy I have a guest, are you all finished, is the red book away?”
“Yes Darling, and they all went home, boring old Ludwig’s got a bee in his bonnet, and poor Stein, he hit the red book quotes a tad hard, it gave me a damn headache Little Bird. Who is this darling man then? You are always bringing in strays.”
“I picked him up at Kew, they were doing a deal on clumsy Italians. I may have ruined his Armani, Grandy?”
“Falling again Sara? Hello young man, I’m Jess pleased to meet you. My granddaughter has lost her manners as well as her sense of gravity. Don’t tell me, was your head in a book again? I always said they’d be the death of you.”
“Sorry Grandy, this is Ben Vinci, the poor man I nearly killed, and I have offered him lunch in return, with any luck I won’t give him food poisoning too, because he has a business meeting to go to later?”
“Pleased to meet you too, I don’t normally pick young ladies up in parks, but she hasn’t a coat and the rain it wasn’t for letting up, and I was a little hungry, that is until Sara mentioned food poisoning?”
“Fine young man fine, Sara hasn’t ever brought a man home. Don’t worry she has yet to poison anyone, I am living proof of her most excellent cooking repertoire, you don’t get this body eating salads dear heart, and with any luck she will do you her pizza, it’s to die for young man, fan-bloody-tastic. I’m so happy to see you and if you were doing pizza, do one for my dinner, would you please Sara? I’m off Little Bird, the club is calling my name. I will see you again Ben. Yes… I think we will see you again.” She winks and goes to her book group. Well, the afternoon session of gin rummy at her club, which is really more gin, and rummy, than card games.
I made him sit down and I began the pizza, my speciality, and as he watched me create his lunch we talked, he was twenty-three, a whole five years my senior, an ex-model and the middle son of a diplomat, I know I oh-ed, I was mesmerised, and as the pizza cooked, he drank coffee and we talked. I was intrigued by him, what did he want with an eighteen year old? It didn’t seem to bother him that I was only eighteen either, well I’m after all nearly nineteen. He ate his pizza and drank more coffee and we sat all afternoon talking, and when he had to go, I sighed, would I see him again? He smiled as I walked him to the door.
“Would you like to come to dinner tomorrow, on me, a thank you for a very pleasant afternoon?”
“That would be nice thank you, and yes it was nice. Now I really have to get my backside into my ethics paper, or I will fail.” He leant down and kissed me again. I ummed quite loudly as he pulled away from my lips.
“Until tomorrow, hopefully I will see you again, Sara Bird. Goodbye my little hummingbird.” I laughed he did hear me then. “I will pick you up at eight.” I made a point of humming. He drove off in his little red car just as Grandy came back.
“Certain people catch your eye because they look good, but don’t be fooled by their looks in your pursuit of perfection Little Bird. Make sure of his heart first. Don’t fly too high, too quickly, walk slowly along the long path a while, before you fly off and give your heart to him completely? I think he may very well be the one that puts the wind beneath my Little Birds wings. I think he will be the one, yes he is the one?” I agree and go to my room and hit the books, after I do an internet search of him, and yes, he was a model too, in his rebel years. He now works for his family business of hotels and casinos and an array of other enterprises. He’s considered one of Italy’s most eligible bachelors, a prized catch here too judging by the girls on his arms, bummer. I sigh as I switched to revision mode. That man made my heart stop.

I’m suddenly snapped out of remembering him as the plane hits a spot or turbulence. I feel going back home, will mean there are going to be a hell of a lot more memory’s hidden at there, plenty of tears   will be shed and happiness to share too. I will have to tell our entire love story to Jess, I sighed. It’s too hard remembering him, too hard. I decide on some comedy and I re-read that damn book again, my mother’s story was a pure work of farcical fiction. I had read it first months ago, when it hit the bookstores. A very stupid title I thought, ‘A life With Hidden Regrets’ what possible regrets in her life, hidden or otherwise, could she possibly have?
All she had were people getting in her way, and those she stepped upon to get where she wanted, all those she left behind, without a care. So what regrets did she have? Did she finally regret being a bitch? A diva, for getting people sacked from their much needed positions at the drop of a hat. Being a drama queen, making a simple fall from a horse a reason to start using drugs and drinking? She’d spent her life before she had me, being a nice woman to be with and work with a good daughter and friend, was it my impending arrival, the thing that sparked the hidden and nasty Daniella Gabriella into being the wicked witch of the north, the cold and heartless bitch she had become?
I study the title again, more importantly had she finally regretted the part she played in locking me away, in my own Scottish castle. It could have been a film plot, the way it all played out that fateful day, when she found out about all about me having Jess, now that would have made the book title a tad more truthful? I closed the book, there was no comedy in the horrors I had to endure at their hands, and no mention of her sorrow for her part of it? I think that’s why I bought the book, to see if she was sorry for all of it, or in fact any of it. Having read it, I found there were no apologise at all.

Chapter 3:


We landed after just over eleven hours in the air, and Jess had slept for the majority of it, and me? I was restless and full of questions and had a feeling of impending doom. We collected our luggage and headed to our hotel The Savoy, as it was local to the areas Jess wanted to see, and she deserved the best. I was still very wary about my mother’s sudden need to be in our lives. Eli, my head of security, could find out nothing more about her than I already knew. The wonders of the internet were great, I’d found out that in the past ten years she had been a virtual recluse and that Declan had been in and out of rehab more than Lindsey Lohan had.
I was just wanted to show Jess my old home, places that meant something to us, her father and I, and the Duchess. We definitely needed a visit to Kew Gardens, and perhaps do some hunting in Scotland. I had to tie up the loose end with the castle anyway, it had sold at last and after that I may take her to Italy to see Ben’s old home. As I hadn’t seen it or them, it would be a first for me too, and if they granted us an audience, they would know who she was instantly, plus she may get to see her sibling. I hadn’t wanted to know about his family or his other child, their betrayal too much for me to bear, their refusal to see or talk to me spoke volumes.
I must admit the need to Google them when I was feeling a little down, it was a great temptation, but one I resisted. The last time I did an internet search it was to download a picture, but as saw his image I sobbed uncontrollably, it was still all too raw even years later. I’d fingered the screen, tracing his face and snapped the laptop shut. I closed the lid crying a river as I usually did when I thought of him. For my own sanity, I never did it again. Whilst we were here, I would try to tell her the truth and all about him, and my reasons for not telling her before, besides we had time. Time, I needed to get my head back in the game. The game? It was far from a game what Ben and I had, it was amazing and horrendous and full of dratted confusion, even years later.       
We had a week here before our arranged meeting at my mother’s home and I was still reluctant to meet her there, but she was bed bound and too weak to travel, so I had little or no choice. I put her out of my mind for a while and I set about showing Jess the sights. My fifteen year old stunning daughter was in awe of the place, the sights in London were truly great. The Tower of London, the London Eye, Madame Tussauds, Harry Potter World and Trafalgar Square, they were all on her list of places to go, and as she took photographs of our summer vacation, her face lit up with every new thing she saw.
“Mom this place is awesome. Will you tell me someday why you left this place, and not just that you needed to spend time with Shiitsooyee?” Her need to keep her heritage within her meant that she would occasionally slip in Apachean words without thinking! The language is a mixture of Apache and Navajo and a splattering of all the Apache tribes over the past few hundred centuries, words with so many meanings and quite a beautiful language too.
“One day and soon Jess… I promise you but spending all my time with Grandpa was a luxury for me. Grandy was fine and I loved her to heaven and back again, but she wanted to start travelling again. She’d put it all on hold to raise me, and when I moved to Arizona to have you, I decided you needed to be brought up by him too, because Jess, he missed so much of my childhood. I figured sharing you with him was what we both needed. Plus, living with Dad, Grandy could do the things she put on hold, not that that worked she was still never away. I escaped from here and found my freedom with him, literally escaped Jess. I will tell you of that too, but when I’m ready Little Bird, alright? That’s all I can tell you, well until I know what your Grandma wants. I can assure you Jess it will be for her benefit not ours, so please Little Bird, don’t get your hopes up. Okay?” I sighed as she shot more photographs. She had no clue as to what was waiting ahead of us, and neither did I.
“Okay, Mom when you’re ready, you’ll tell me and one day Mom, I will be as good as you at this too and have my work in exhibitions, in the big New York art galleries.” Something else I was good at photography, the hours I spent on my father’s ranch taking photographs of everything and anything. The mountains in the differing four seasons were the best, and the prints sold very well. The pictures of wildlife and life in general in White River and on the reservation, our life had been truly blessed since moving back home to be with Dad. What was Mother planning, was she trying to wreck it? Would my psycho brother be in residence? I broke out of my daydream to take Jess to the Hard Rock Café and have dinner, though what she considered dinner and what I considered dinner were and are two very different things, let the battle begin.
“Mom, can you order for me, please, I need the toilet.” I was in shock… Was she testing me? Now, am I getting her something I know she will moan about, healthy and nutritious just for her not to eat it? Or do I get her favourite and know she will eat it? Teenagers, who’d have them? The waiter came.
“Can I please have the Southern Burger, a side salad, fries, onion rings, and a portion of slaw and can I have the pulled pork sandwich, please? A Coke Light and a Sprite Light please?” He took my order just as Jess came back, she looked happy and carefree as I was at her age, as all kids should be.
“Mom this place is awesome, can we see a show tonight or do something you want to do, because you’ve put up with my whining all day.” I am shocked.
“Alright what have you done to Jessica Jay, my arguing Little Bird?”
“Awe gheeze Mom I’m not that bad, am I?” She was far from bad, she was perfect and as she smiled, I saw her father’s big eyes and his killer smile looking back at me.
“No Little Bird, your wonderful don’t ever change, and whatever happens at Grandma’s remember I love you so much.”
“Mom, what could she possibly say to make me hate you? I have issues with her, not you. She has to explain why she thinks it’s alright for her to suddenly want to be in our lives, after nothing in years. We don’t have to explain anything to her.” Again, she shocks me.
“Your dinner Madam, the burger is whose?”
“That would be my daughters, along with the Sprite please.” He places the food and the side orders, and we tuck in. This is nothing as near good as Millie’s pulled pork and slaw, but it’s reasonably good, I’ve had worse. As we eat, we chatter, and I watch my girl as she tucks in and smile as she finishes the lot, she’s like her grandfather, she has hollow legs and is as skinny as a bean pole.
“Mom, when you said you didn’t know who my father was? Why did you lie, you know about not knowing who he was? Why make yourself out to be a drunken lush, because we all know it is a load of bull, I didn’t think that’s right, it’s not you? I cried when you so obviously lied to me. I did not believe you were like that, no way Jose, Mom. I asked Grandy, she told me you would tell me who my father was when you were ready, are you ready Mom, because I’d like to know about him?” I choke on the last of my sandwich.
“I don’t know Jess, I can’t tell you why, not properly? Perhaps it was just that I loved him so much, and I think he lied to me about loving me? I loved him and was devastated at his betrayal. When he died, you were all I had left of him. I never got over him, and I don’t think I ever will, but things had happened before you were born, things that took him from us, and I didn’t want to be reminded of that awful time. At that horrid time, there were things that happened, that made me so unhappy and angry. I was so confused, I was fed up and angry, thinking that everything he had ever said to me was probably a lie, everything Jess, including that he loved me. He couldn’t have loved me if he moved on so quickly Jess. Your sister or brother is only a couple of months older than you.” I pick up the napkin and wipe my eyes.
“I have a brother or sister, did you not think that was important Mom, it was and is. I can’t believe you kept that from me, that is so not cool Mom, not cool?” She was getting up to leave, I grabbed at her arm. I was frightened I would lose her. She needs to know it has been long enough. I need to tell her everything, but will she be ready?
“Jess please, he had a baby with my best friend. Do you know how hard that was for me, they, his family, they refused you to accept you as Ben’s, but her child they accepted, but not you, their child yes, you, no. Yes Jess, they did know about you. Those special photos we had done every year for your birthday. They were for them and they were sent to them and still I heard nothing. I didn’t want you to feel as rejected as I felt. I begged them to see me before you were born, pleaded with them. Your father was my whole world for a short time before he was taken, and after that, you became my world, mine, not theirs. They had their chance and threw it in my face.”
“Sorry Mom, I didn’t mean to make you sad and make you cry, it’s just, Shiitsooyee, said one day you would tell me of my father, and I would understand your sadness.” I put my hand over hers.
“The minute I had you Jessica Jay Bird, I had him back in my life, and for that I will be truly thankful to him for, for giving you to me. I can never hate him, but yes, I was angry and I’m still sad. I always will be sad that he never even knew about you, and he died not seeing you. That’s what is so very horrid about it, that and the fact his parents refused to acknowledge you as his, even after his death, so I gave up trying to convince them you were. So, Jess I figured the family who stopped with you, and loved you, were the ones you needed in your life. Have you missed out Jess? Have I failed you?”
“Shit Mom no, my friends think I’m the luckiest girl alive. I have a fantastic Mom, and one most of the girls would kill for, none of their moms can down an Elk and can kill a mountain lion, or canoe, trek black bears or whip a criminal’s butt in court. Having a father would have been cool too Mom, but I haven’t missed anything not having one. Shiitsooyee, he taught me things and told me things, the elders give me advice. Eli helps me with man stuff and Asher guards me like a hawk. I think I have enough positive males in my life, as well as some stupid boys, why are boys such dorks?”
“Jessica Jay, shit and whipping of butts is not language I want to be hearing from you over the dinner table, and when you find out about how to handle a boy or a man pass on your tips, your old mom is useless too.” We laugh as she finished her second drink and I pay the bill. We wander along the banks of the Thames. I walk arm in arm with my daughter, as I did with Ben on our first date. This place is killing me with all the memories, after all they and Jess are all I have of him, but what a gift he gave me. She is my life, my whole life.
 We headed back to the hotel, taking much the same path as Ben and I had on a couple of our date nights. We had a few very nice nights in the Savoy, actually more than a few and I smile. Why he does this to me I will never know? I should hate him, but despite the hurt I felt at his betrayal, I can’t hate him! Our first date was amazing. It was a date like nothing I had been on before, he wined and dined me at the very hotel we were staying in, and I think that’s why I booked the Savoy for our few days of luxury too, it was a place with more of our memories. He’d picked me up as he said he would and after giving Grandy her flowers, he had a car drop us at the Savoy. I’m glad I purchased the required little black dress, the simple pearls and heels made me look, and I hoped, good enough to ask for a second date. Grandy said I looked as beautiful as ever, she was biased though.
“Is this alright Sara? I wasn’t sure if you, did this sort of thing?”
“Umm, I’m house trained, and I do know what knife and fork to use Ben, sorry Leo?”
“Call me Ben it’s nice hearing it again, everyone calls me Leo these days, I suppose you have been researching me?”
“Of course, I had to know if you were after my millions, I am forever being wooed for them.” He choked on his beer. “Ben I am joking, well about the wooed part of that, the money not so. I am thanks to Grandy independently wealthy, so I am not after yours, if that’s what you’re thinking?”
“No, I wasn’t. I couldn’t find out a lot about you, other than your mother was an actress Daniella Kullberg, that you have a brother and you do a lot of charity work in Arizona for the Red Indians? Oh, and Jess could give Sherpa Tensing a run for his money. She is amazing, she is a big part of the much fabled, wind travellers club, I read. Now her I like a lot. She is windswept and interesting.”
“We prefer Indigenous People, the first nation or simply Apache. I, unlike my little brother don’t court publicity, and he’s a freak with a capital F. He is in a boarding school, when he should be locked away in a school for the mentally insane. He was too much for Mother and her last husband, so he’s been sent away again, this I think is his sixth or seventh school? The thing with him is he gets in with the older boys and that’s where the trouble is, he’s easily led. I am not his favourite sister, nor is he my favourite brother. We’re a very dysfunctional family.
Grandy is the most interesting person I know and yes, her travels are legendary. She’s as you say, she is, she is a prime member of the W.T.C and has been since they started it after the war. She, Ludwig, Stein, Grandfather William, and a few other likeminded friends from Cambridge started it. I like to say she is Bohemian, but she is way cooler than that. I am just not as adventurous as her, would that I was, it may make my life more interesting. Do you have siblings?”
“I have a brother like that he’s called Giovanni. He’s always in trouble, but something happened and inevitably he’s found God, so he’s doing the required thing for the family and is joining the church, he hopes to become a priest. I kid you, not from his running with thieves and sleeping with prostitutes, he has changed into a reformed boy. I have an older sister Donatella, his twin, and Mom and Dad dote on her. She is the only girl of four children. My younger brother he too is at boarding school and is due to join the family business later this year. He is a strange one, he’s called Paulo, and he has even stranger friends. Not that I give them much of my time, I don’t have a lot to waste on idiots.”
“Oh… I will be going then?” I jokingly get up.
“Sit down you’re not an idiot, you are like a breath of fresh air. I don’t think, no I can honestly say I have never met anyone like you?”
“I don’t know if that’s a compliment or not? Is it?”
“Defiantly a complement Sara, so drink your wine and behave. You look lovely by the way, I’m sorry I didn’t mention it before, I was a little nervous with the Duchess. If she really is a Duchess, and if so, does that mean your royalty?”
“No Ben, it means she just has a title, the family land went generations ago, but being bankers, they know about money. My grandfather, William was the Duke of Welling, he was quite wealthy, so being born into money they made sure he married into more money. Grandy had her own title before they married, she was a Lady, daughter of a Lord, it was an arranged marriage. After Grandy was presented at court, at her debutante ball. It worked very well for the time they were married. He was wonderful according to her. Alas, I never met him, he died when my mother was a baby. As a result, the riches came down the family ladder, so I have it too, but money and having it really gives me a huge headache and I hate it. Everyone at college is working to pay off student loans and stuff, and I feel I am missing part of the university life. I mean does that sound strange, me wanting to work?”
“No far from it actually. I don’t have to work but I do, you would go mad doing nothing all day, or I would. Have you a job?”
“Yes, I do work when I go to the ranch, its part and parcel of living on the ranch too, you pull your weight, and I like being part of it. I will intern for my father for a while too, he has two offices one in Tucson and one on the reservation, and yes, I live on an Indian reservation with the rest of the tribe, and thank you, you can leave now, if you want to?”
“Why would I want to? Sara, you are who you are and that’s fine by me, you by the way are a beautiful girl called Sara, everything else is part of you and I am not that bothered by stupid crap like colour of skin, religious beliefs and or sexual orientation. I am a modern man, at least I hope I am?”
“Other men, boys or whatever, they are not as open minded about things like that. The boys I meet anyway, I impart the same thing as I have to you, and they think they get to screw Pocahontas dating me. I’m so sorry, but that’s so not happening by the way. Usually, they get rude after they have had a drink or two and when I impart that piece of my heritage, they smile and usually do the wowowowo thing with their hand over their mouth. I just give them the finger and say ‘how’ and walk off. Please don’t tell me you are going to do that?” He laughs loudly, and as he does, people look in our direction, and I go red.
“No, I think I’m little more mature than that. Have you had many boyfriends treat you like that?”
“No, I have only had a couple anyway and the first one thought I was going to scalp him when I said in all honesty, that he could do with a haircut. He ran out leaving me with the bill, grabbing his damned beany hat and heading right out of Dodge, and there you have it, another Cowboy and Indian metaphor there for you to think about.” He laughed at me again. “The second was a little more forceful he wanted to… He tried to… He wanted more than I was comfortable giving him. He was strange and still is. I sometimes feel he is still watching me. It’s a little difficult avoiding him, as we still attend the same University, though he has shifted some of his classes, and I have too, so we now we only have a couple of classes together. He is and was weird.”
“So from what you’re saying, he wanted sex, and you didn’t want to give him your body?”
“Correct on both counts, I didn’t feel like anything for him in that way. We did an assignment together, just the once. I kissed him once, a thank you for walking me home and on the cheek too, he wanted to take it further that night, a swift kick to the nuts put him firmly in his place. He said I was his and would be his, one day I would be sorry for being a tease. I never felt like that towards him. We didn’t even go past a passionate kiss before he wanted to bypass all bases, and just get to the home run in one night. Oh, get me, this is all too much information and is a tad too serious for a first date. Oh, I mean… I don’t know if this is even a date, God talk about being forward?”
“No, I like it very much how honest you are being, so what you’re saying I have a chance at second base, seeing as the kiss yesterday was first base? I thought this was a date, our first date and yes and one of many more I hope?” I know I hummed again and as I blushed, he smiled.
“If you play your cards right you could be in for a home run.” I know I said it because he laughed again.
“I like your baseball metaphors, so a home run is on the cards? Why, because you think that’s all I want? I can assure you it’s not.”
“Oh, so I’m not what you want?” I was a little upset go figure? I practically threw myself at him too.
“I could take you upstairs now, but I’m trying hard to play it cool, because I really want to.” I blushed as a beautiful woman is waving in our direction, and as I didn’t know her, it must have been aimed at Ben.
“I think that woman over there is trying to catch your attention, in fact, she is coming over.” I will not be jealous, but I am, she is stunning, really stunning.
“Charlie long time no see, how’s the job? Sorry let me introduce my date Sara, this is an old colleague Charlotte Ginsburg, Charlie this is Sara Bird.”
“Hiya, I haven’t seen you on the circuit? When did you meet Benny then? She’s prettier than the normal ones who throw themselves at you?”
“Oh, I’m not a model? I scoped the place looking for trade and this one took my fancy. I decided to try for a little posh toff sex. I’m just discussing my prices, he was being nice when he said I was his date, he picked me up earlier in the park.” She laughed as I said it, but Ben he looked mortified.
“Oh, Benny Baby, this one’s a keeper, she has brains, and a sense of humour as well as the beauty. She will need humour to be with you, what do you do besides ply for posh trade in parks then?”
“I’m studying to be a lawyer, I’m in my second year, thank you, and I’m sorry to say the trade in Kew’s a tad bit of a let-down just lately, don’t bother going this one only drives a Ferrari.”
“Sara, you picked me up.”
“I beg to differ I sent you flying on your Armani covered bottom, into the tree and then on the wet grass. I ruined, apparently, a perfectly good suit.”
“Oh hell you two are too cute. I am off, see you soon here’s my card, ring me. We definitely need to get to know each other. I like you, she’s a keeper Benny.” We exchanged cards that night, and she became my new best friend.
“Sorry, that was too easy. Ben are you mad?” He laughed again.
“No Sara, far from it, I love how you went to green eyed monster to her best friend and all at my expense, and all in one conversation.” He leant over and gave me a kiss.
We ate dinner, and as we ate, we talked about nothing and everything, including our dreams plans and hopes. After dinner we walked along the Thames hand in hand. Taking in the cool spring evening air, we didn’t talk for an age, when he suddenly pulled me into his arms and kissed me, and by kiss, I mean he really kissed me. I went weak at the knees and at that moment, I knew he was the one. Oh, he was the only one, that I was sure off…
“My place, Grandy’s away for the weekend, a retreat for fellow likeminded Bohemian old hippies, we’re going back to my lair.” After hailing a cab and spending the journey lip locked, we pulled up to the house, he paid the cab fare and as I climbed the steps, he smiled.
“Are you sure this is what you want, and tonight with me? Sara, we can wait and take things easy, do the dating thing! I’m not going anywhere?”
“Umm I do yes, with you tonight, in my room on my big comfortable bed and all night too, be gentle with me. This I get to remember for a lifetime, who I lost it to and when.” He held me as I opened the door, he picked me up and closed the door with his foot, carrying me into my room in his arms.
“Which room? Are you sure, this is really quick, it has to be what you want, remember what you want, not me?”
“I want you, and this is my room. I’m covered too are you, you know safe? We should have discussed this more first, but I wanted you yesterday when you kissed me.”
“Yes safe, clean bill of health and I have protection too, so both?”
“Both, there’s no need to add to the world’s population.” He kissed me again, shut the door and undressed me as I clambered to take off his things too, passionate kisses are grabbed, as we pulled off each other’s clothes.
Finally we both are naked, we fell on the bed and began exploring each other’s bodies, this was all new to me, and if I said it was mind blowing, it would have been an understatement. I was awash with feelings of excitement and differing needs. My body sparked to life in places never touched by another soul, but me. Those places were now being played with, and wow was he playing. My body moved and as I did, he’d place a little kiss there, as I moved more fiercely, he would playfully bite. Even more kisses are to be had and given. Down they went to my now firm nipples, erect and waiting for him, and as he feasted on them. It sent shock waves to my sex, it throbbed as he suckled, it ached in a strangely nice way.
As the feeling drove me mad with need, he went lower, oh my God, what was he doing? He was making me act wildly, driving me into a near frenzy. I screamed as he gave me so much pleasure. I opened up my legs to allow him unfettered access to me, my virginity and lord was it good, his tongue probed that open part of me, and I mewed like a kitten and I swore like a hooker and screamed like a banshee. Yes, my emotions were riding me that harshly, but wow it was good. He then nuzzled at the apex of my thigh and worked his way back up my body the kisses at last were reaching my mouth, I devoured them, as we mumbled our needs for more wanting it and needing it, and now. He ripped open the condom, I watched as he slowly rolled it down his none too shabby dick.
“Are you ready? One, I hope, very happy memory for you to remember forever?”
“Just one, I will be disappointed.”
“Slow and easy or quickly, I have never done this before? It’s kind of special for me too?” I held his face to mine and kissed him as he returned the kisses and as he ascended into me, I let out an almighty moan, panting at the feelings of sweet dread and pure lust. This is what I’d been missing, all through college and University?
As he took me, the pain was nothing in comparison to the pleasure he gave, kissing me wildly as he moved within me. He began riding high on his arms and lowering his body into mine, moving into me gently, in and out repeatedly. I reached fever pitch as I came and hard, he cried out my name and never has Sara sounded so desperately sexy as it did when it came from his mouth. As I tensed around him, he cried for me to let go, I think in pain, so I released my hold on him. My head felt like it was soaring, and I swear I had an out of body experience as I came again. He too made wild noises, as our bodies were now joined in a heated exchange of thrusts and pulls, as we moved, he changed position, and as he moved faster and faster, the feelings were rising again.
“Yes, yes oh hell Sara you’re so good to be with, are you alright?” I ummed, as I held on to his back my fingers grasping at his skin, I couldn’t do anything but moan my pleasure, and as he came to an amazing finish, I gripped tightly to him.
“Wow that was… Amazing, I could do that again, you Leonardo Vinci were amazing.”
“Just amazing, I can live with that. Are you, are you alright? Was it a good enough memory?”
“Why is there going to be no more?”
“I think, no I know there will be plenty more! Drinks, we need drinks?”
“In the fridge downstairs, bathroom through the grey door there. Robe behind door. No naked arses in Grandy’s kitchen, even if it is cute and attached to that body. What would the Duchess say?” He laughed as he washed and grabbed the robe.
“Pink, is so not my colour, stay where you are. I am coming straight back we need to make you some more memory’s…” My heart sings and my panties are more than a little moist, if I was wearing them, derr…
“Mom are you alright you just started laughing, they lock you up for that here, in a loony bin whatever that is?” We headed back to the hotel, knowing I walked this way with him all the time, it made me both sad and happy at the same time. This was a trip we needed to do, and for me to exorcize some ghosts. It was bath and bed for us when we got back, Jess was finally getting used to the time differences with her friends, so went to chat on-line.


Chapter 4:
	

I woke and felt like crap exhausted and emotionally drained. After a busy few days, I decide to take it easy today and go see Grandy’s house. Jess has never seen it, so it will be nice for her, if it’s clean and tidy we will stop there for the remainder of the holiday. Jess wants to see Stonehenge, see the castle at Edinburgh and do some fishing, she wants to do some shooting too, so we are booked in for a couple of days in a castle. Borrodale Castle to be precise. Clive the man who arranges all the trips for the hotel, was busy arranged a couple of days shooting at a large estate in Scotland and he was arranging their transport, when I rocked up to ask him about trips.
He laughed and said two had just had to pull out of a rather luxurious shooting weekend, so he would ask if we could join the party in their places to make up numbers. He was just arranging flight times for them, it was a really important meeting as they were in talks with a bigwig who owned the castle. I wasn’t listening, well I was sort of, two people had pulled out and that we were lucky enough to get their places, that much I heard.
After a quick phone call to okay it with the owner’s secretary, we’re approved, good old Clive says we will love it. It’s a private estate, and the owner will be there too. It’s his business party that are travelling up. I decline the use of his private jet as I have hired a car, a little old Porsche Cayenne, I wanted comfort, and this was the best the hire place had. The castle, I was told was excellent for photos too. I want to snag a Roe deer, it will look cool on the wall at the cabin at the ranch, next to my elk and my mountain lion.
I didn’t want to kill the mountain lion, but it sneaked up on us, or rather Jess, whilst we were hunting for deer to fill the freezer. I only hunt to eat, not for sport. That’s why we’re going here, as all the meat is eaten. I haven’t been pheasant shooting in a while either. I’ve shot a few geese and ducks though, and hopefully Grandy still has her pair of Purdy’s and her Holland’s, she has a nice little collection of rifles and shotguns, well actually, I suppose I own those too? I’m thankful that my licences have been kept up to date and the guns I think may be in the shooting clubs gun locker, I will need to check. There is so much to sort out, and Grandy has lots of things I need to sort out, including the bank and the properties I now own, selling the ones we don’t use is easy enough, as I’m selling all of them.
I ring the cleaning company and the house is fit to live in, so we pack and head there. I really need to know what to do with the place, its massive, and it’s a shame it being empty all the time, it’s used as a house for photo shoots and it’s been used in a film. Other than that, it has stood empty most of the time. I will never live here again. Not when so near her, and besides Jess would miss her old life, and it would miss her. I pay the bill and as we are leaving, I swear I see Ben. It was just a fleeting glimpse, but as I turn to see the man again, he’s gone.
Dreaming again Sara, the dead don’t walk, unless it’s in those awful films my daughter insists on, we have a marathon of every few months. I swear, I think she thinks vampires are real. Her father has been dead over fifteen years, definitely wishful thinking on my part, that he was there. I think because I spent all night dreaming of him and the amazing sex, we had that last night, it and those wonderful memory’s is what has me all so het up. Knowing that I’m never going there again, and the lack of sleep, is a killer too! It took me quite a while to settle after remembering him and being here hasn’t helped much. Lord help me when we get to the house.
The rental car has been delivered. I have had no time to check out Grandy’s car, but I do wonder does she even still have it? Or rather do I still have it? More to do… I have to sort out the cars and hopefully her wonderful little bright yellow VW bug is there. We are not using it, because I doubt would even make it to Scotland and I know there would be a distinct lack of comfort, because as best as I can remember about the dratted thing, it was cold and bloody noisy. Well it was when Ben and I last drove in it.
I laugh, I learnt to drive in the banana wagon, had rude sex in the back of it too, it may even be where Jess was conceived, well in the car or my room on my massive comfortable bed. Now that was a wonderful place and full of wonderful memories. I laugh because Grandy, bless her, allowed Ben to live with us, whilst he had his apartment redecorated. I gave him his own room and she just embarrassed him by saying why move in if it wasn’t to share my bed, she figured I was old enough to make my own choices, being as I was over eighteen.
“What are you laughing at Mom? This car is really nice. Please remember they drive on the wrong side of the road and a lot slower, and watch the bicycles, they are darting in and out, they are acting like rats.” I laugh.
“Yes, I know Malady, would you like me to wear a chauffeur’s hat?” She tunes in the radio, to some awful boy band, as we head to Grandy’s house.
Pulling up to the road, I drive past his old mews apartment and point it out to Jess, she smiles and says she will take some pictures later. We pull around the corner, oh my, oh my. I breathe a deep sigh of relief. It still looks the same, it’s still my safe haven. Friars Lane was Grandy’s home for her whole married life and mine for the nineteen wonderful years I lived here. I have to wonder if she kept the décor and maintenance up to date? I did have a woman who lived in until last month, and now I pay a firm of cleaners to look after it’s up-keep. The cleaning company goes in twice a month to dust, and keep it spider free, etc. My housekeeper, she moved on because it was too boring for her.
With Grandy passing in Arizona, I had now no reason to come back here, or so I thought, though she did want her ashes returning and placing with Grandfather William. I have her with me and I will carry out her last request, she will be returned to William and her lovely dogs, in the garden at home. Another reason I cannot get rid of the place, my family are all in the garden. Oh Grandy, Grandy, Grandy what am I to do? I pull around the back to the four garages and open my door. Jess has finally shut her mouth and is looking at the mini palace in front of her.
“Tell me again why you left this place Mom? This if friggin awesome and look its right against the water, heck can we live here?” I laugh, not unless we get a miracle and your grandma is living on the other side of the world sweetheart.
“It is nice, isn’t it? I had forgotten just how nice Jessica. Here help me with the doors.” She pulled, and I pushed, as they flew open easily, it seems the money I pay for maintenance, is well spent, even the hinges have been oiled. The bug is still there, as is my mini cooper, last seen left at the airport. I drive the Porsche carefully in and park up. “This way Jess and lock the bolts on all the doors please.” She slides the heavy bolts across, and I feel safer now.
“Mom how rich are you?” I laugh she has never asked me that before.
“We are fine Little Bird. We have more than you can ever spend, and this house is worth close to fifteen million dollars, so I think were financially sound darling. Why did you ask, you have never asked before Jess?”
“I just never realised, we never speak about it, I always have what I need, but when you paid the hotel bill, it was like mega expensive, and we were only there like three days, and we stopped at Magic Mountain for like a whole week and it wasn’t as much as that.” I laugh as she compares this to the best holiday she ever had, and all is done with not as much as a breath in between.
“Sorry Jess, I forget we have money. We have a few days here, so we will run through everything, Grandy has loads of photographs and I have a hell of a dark room here. Old school photos, do you fancy it? All my stuff should be in my room, so how do you fancy going up the river? My sculls in the boat shed, come garage. Do you fancy your old Mom taking you up the Thames?” She squealed and came in for her monster hug.
“This has been the best holiday ever, and we still have over ten and a half weeks left, you’re the best Mom in the world.” I am in for one of her tight hugs.
“You’re welcome Jessica Jay.” I open the connecting door to the house and damn my keys still work after near on sixteen years. I cart the luggage up to the house, as we pass through the house the old feelings come rushing back. I’m home…
“Where’s my room, Mom?” Jess heads up the stairs like a bull in a china shop, as she opens all the doors and screams in delight. I think she’s not going to want to leave, because I know I never wanted too.
“The big one at the end was Grandy’s, mine is here. Just choose one, or sleep in a different one each night?”
“Do you think Grandy would mind if I slept in her room? It sounds silly Mom, but it smells of her, or am I just being dumb?” I go in and she’s right it does, there is a faint smell of her is in the room? The reason is explained, as I see the cleaners have been squirting her perfume in the room. It’s been placed back in the wrong place. I squirt a little on my sleeve and sob. She could be here with us. The smell reminds me so much of her. I find it funny how a smell can spark a memory into action, this smell has been in my life forever, and now it’s gone. We both let out a sad sigh as Jess squirts it on the bed. “I will smell nice later and feel like she’s here with me. This is way cool Mom way cool.” She throws herself on the massive four poster bed, the biggest I have ever seen, and the most comfortable one I have ever slept in.
“We need to spend a few days packing her stuff away, and no, she wouldn’t mind it if you slept in here. The cleaners have changed all the beds and until last month Yvonne lived here. We need to decide what we want to do with it Jess?” This has been an expensive house to maintain, but one I don’t want to get rid of either. I go to my room, and I throw myself on my bed, I lost my virginity in this room, to Ben and I could have conceived Jess in this bed? As I think about him, I cry, really cry as my memories of him flood back, to those fateful weeks before we were parted...

“Grandy I have to go to Dads, and I don’t want to leave Ben? He can only get so much time off work, and I don’t think I can manage all that time without seeing him, he and I have hardly spent any time apart in the past eight months.”
“I do know Little Bird, he was only meant to be here two weeks, whilst he spruced his place up. That was what four months ago?”
“Grandy, do you want him to leave? I’m sorry, it’s just his brother is staying there with a friend, and poor Ben says he’s being weirder than usual. He thinks he can just finish university, and he can just take over the whole company, so Ben staying here has been calming for him, having to deal with him at work and home is too much.”
“He can stay as long as you want, it’s your home and he’s your chap. I like having a man about the place. I wouldn’t worry too much about Ben being upset at missing you, he too has things he has to do, he was just saying last night, he was thinking another trip to Italy and China is on the cards, their casino build is hitting a bad patch in construction, did he not tell you?”
“Probably, but I’ve been studying so hard, I switch off and I um at the right places, but his work is so confusing, the legal stuff I understand. It’s just they have their fingers in so many pies. When is enough money enough Grandy? I have enough for us to be comfortable, hell he has more than enough now?”
“Well, each to one’s own, I can’t explain the money thing, it allows me to travel and not worry about finances, reminds me Little Bird, I’m away tomorrow, so whatever you decide is fine by me, your father will be fine too? I think the break will do you both good, and it’s only two weeks this time, he managed the month you did at your fathers at the start of the romance, so this, this will be a walk in the park?” I agreed. “Besides absence makes the heart grow fonder.”
I go for a bath and as I lay soaking in the tub, he comes in from the office. We did just slip into this living together thing so casually, well it worked, and we worked. Did I really only just notice that that had happened? He walked into the bathroom and sat on the toilet lid watching me bathe.
“Baby, I don’t feel well, I think I’m coming down with a cold? I feel like crap! Would you mind giving the meal with Paulo and his friend a miss? I want to get a bath, take some painkillers and get in our bed and snuggle in with you?”
“No, that’s fine, from what you have said about him, I don’t think I like him already.” Besides I had seen him already, he called me a gold digger, something I haven’t told Ben about.
He was with his back to the car and was on his phone talking to his friend, about Leo’s new bitch, who was keeping him occupied. I heard him say I was just another one of his whores, and they would have more money to shell out, his poor parents would have too when this fling turned sour. I was hurt, too hurt to say anything. Their relationship, that was worse since he had started working for the company full time. I didn’t want to add to the stress, besides Ben knew I didn’t need his money. Paulo didn’t know that though, and Ben wasn’t keen to introduce me to the family. He said they were complicated and not as nice as Grandy. He’d said that everyone he had taken to see them, was given the third degree and was made to feel horrid about themselves.
He didn’t want them to spoil us. I didn’t mind, I loved him not his family, besides I didn’t have enough hours in the day for all I had already in my life, so throwing other people in the mix, no thanks. As it was Charlie and I now only snatched the odd lunch date in, here and there and the very odd night out, she too noticed the change in Ben, and made the joke it was time we considered making it legal. I laughed and said we were fine as we were, but I did like the idea and would snap his hand off, if he asked me. I loved him so completely. I woke from my daydreams, as he spoke again.
“I have some trips I have to do, and Grandy says you’re worried about telling me you’re off for another two weeks to Arizona? You have to go to see your dad, he will be expecting you. I have to see my parents all the time, but I manage to get away with short stays, combining business and seeing them is enough. Believe me they are tough cookies to crack. I can grab some time off when I finish in China?”
“Is that alright, I was worried? Look at us like an old married couple sat here and at home on a Friday night, even if one of us is milking being ill, get undressed and get in here, share the germs husband.”
“That sounds good, shift over wife.” So, not for the first time we had a long relaxing soak in the tub, which always led to sex. Even with a cold, he was insatiable. He and I are so compatible in that department, and we work in other ways too, wonderfully so. He seems happy enough, and we make each other laugh. I can’t imagine my life without him in it. As the water is on its third reheat, we get out wrinkly and clean, fluffy pyjamas on for me whilst he lounges in bed in his pyjama bottoms.
I go to get him painkillers, vapour rub, and oils to burn in the vaporisers. He seems to have become worse since the bath. Oh hell, he’s such a baby, and I was told not to forget his damn soup… He has a temperature when I get back with my nursing supplies. Umm, if we survive him having man flu, we will survive anything. We have an unsettled night because he really is poorly. I get up to see Grandy off, she is all packed and awaiting Ludwig, Stein and company for their much talked about trek. I laugh at the sight of Grandy she is going trekking in the Himalayas and she actually looks like the much fabled yeti, in her coat. I do hope nobody shoots her. I don’t say anything though, and as the taxi comes for her, I wave her off as I do, she shouts she will be back when the wind changes, Grandy speak for when she’s had enough…
“See you in about six weeks Little Bird, enjoy Arizona.” I wave as she pulls away. Oh, to be as adventurous as her.
I go to see to the invalid, and he really is ill. I feed him more soup and mop his brow, oh my poor baby. That was Saturday over and done with and by Sunday, I had joined him, but I got it worse because I was sick too and lord was I ill, our room looked like an explosion in a tissue factory. The steamers were working to capacity and the smell of the eucalyptus oil and the mint concoction stunk out the room, and what was with him? Even though we are dying, he still needed sex, I was exhausted. His excuse was very good actually, that we needed to sweat it out and no, it didn’t work for me, but he seemed to get better.
I gave up three more days to my bed and he got better and went back to work leaving me throwing my guts up. So not a good look and he’s now seen me looking like an alcoholic old soak. What with my big red nose, it’s snotty and sneezing too, and I’m feeling crap and crankier than usual. Yet still he said he loved me, as he brought me soup and mopped my brow when he got home from work. He laughed too, as I sneezed, shooting snot and soup, all over him, such a bloody good look, not. I slept so comfortably though wrapped in his arms.
Then at the weekend we had to part for at least four weeks. I was panicking, thinking the worst that he would find someone else. He also said I should go and meet his parents and go with him, but I had to go to see my dad because I missed him too. We needed to sort out our lives, as they seem to be getting so complicated with pleasing other people now, instead of just ourselves. Those were the worst five weeks in my life, five whole weeks he was away. I was away just the two. He came back tired, a little more stressed than usual and yet strangely happy to see me, he threw himself at me as he walked back in. We’d had phone contact at all times and we sent each other lengthy emails. He rushed me straight to our room, saying never again, and that a month was excessively too long between kisses, he’d missed me too much to do it again, I ummed and oh-ed.
We made up for lost time when he got back, we spent a whole two days in bed living on food being delivered to the house. We didn’t leave the bedroom for most of it, and then one more night of screaming and chasing each other around the house, I’m so thankful these walls couldn’t talk. Grandy was back in the morning, so we made up for missing each other one last time. He would be really busy at work in the next month and me? I was trying to get my head into the exams, the course work and being part of a couple, it was harder to juggle than I first thought it would be, his world was mainly spent with clients, going for dinner meetings, meetings that went into the long hours. I was usually exhausted, sometimes bored, but always there on his arm when he needed me.
“How do you fancy going to the lakes at the weekend? Have sometime hiking in the mountains, do some exercise other than bedtime Olympics?”
“Yes, as long as it includes bedtime Olympics there too?”
“Of course it does when do we not do that?”
“You do that so well Sara! Oh, Mom and Dad want to see you too, I said we could perhaps go after you finish university for the summer? I will come with you to see your dad and get his permission to date you?”
“Date me? We have been living together for nearly six months Ben?” He laughed.
“Well you know what I mean? I have a couple more big trips to do too, a week in Vegas, and another two in China, then a few days in Italy for a big board meeting. You could come to see them then and I could do the Vegas trip perhaps we could go and see your dad? We do seem to be like an old married couple, you’re right. I hadn’t thought about it, not until Delphia asked was I going home to the wife? Then I realised that yes, we have spent all our time together, like a married couple? I hadn’t thought of us like that, but I must admit it made me smile knowing I had you to come home to, as it does all the time. Thank you for falling for me and ruining my favourite Armani Sara.” I laughed, as he rewarded me for ruining his suit again.
Grandy came home the morning after, with her bags full of treasures and tales. She regaled us about the wonderful time she’d had me I sat and watched as Ben smiled. He was up to something.
“Well you two what’s the next few weeks got in store? We need to plan. Sara, you’re in Arizona for the summer and for two months, yes?” I sighed.
“I’ve a bucket full of exams to finish as you both know. I’ve also been asked to do a movie with my mother too. She needs me to ride for her as I can pass as her double. Grandy, don’t look at me like that, I so wanted to say no, but I am assured we would have little or no contact, and if she is happy she leaves us alone, and she didn’t do too well the last time she was on a horse. So why the hell she’s agreed I will never know, it’s her big come back and she was nearly begging me for my help. I’ve said I will do it, but for no more than two weeks, there’s not that many scenes on horseback, so it should be fine. Besides I think Declan arranged this and I think she too had her arm twisted, she sort of hinted that he would be angry at her.” Grandy smiled. “But this will shoot her back up there, she thinks people will call here to, so be warned, her nuttier fans may call.”
“She asked for your help, how very unlike my daughter, you are both blonde and that is as near to looking alike as it gets. Is she being accompanied by your brother?”
“Yes, he’ll be there it was Declan who brokered the deal, he has heard I am seeing a zillionaire and wants to see you too Ben. I told him to do one, but what I should have asked him was how he know? I want as little as possible to do with Brother Dumb. I have to go again to Arizona yes, but not for two months. I can’t it’s too long a time to be away from you and I did tell Dad I wouldn’t be there as much because of you and I Ben? He was surprisingly fine with it.” Ben laughed, as Grandy was busy taking notes.
“My turn, I should just give you Delphia’s extension number and we could coordinate our diaries Grandy. I have to go to China again in four weeks, it can’t be helped Sara. We are building the biggest casino in the group, and it’s costing a small fortune. Paulo has been standing in for me, so I don’t have to be there all the time and so whilst you’re in Arizona, I will be there giving him a break. Where are you off too this time Grandy?”
“Umm I may join Sara at the reservation or join Ludwig and Stein down or up the Amazon, I’ve not yet decided. I will go wherever the wind may carry me as always. So, we have four weeks left of ‘Miss Cranky Knickers’ her exams and then we part for the summer, right?” We all nod.
The month had flown by and then the day before we were to part for the summer, I did the test, because I had missed another period. I’d done the test before Ben got back from work, I was nervous, excited and shitting it too and as the lines appeared, I was shocked. I had hoped it was just down to exam stress, but no, I’m going to be a mom.
I told Grandy first, as I needed some reassurances, she is always my sounding block for great advice, she was ecstatic. She assured me whatever Ben said or did she would be there for me, and not to worry too much about Ben, the man was head over heels in love with me and my temper too. Giving me the warmest and longest of her Grandy hugs, she went to see her friend Ludwig for the week. I had to go and tell Mother the film was a no go, as I’d be too far along at six months, to either pass as her double, or to do the stunts she needed to do. She doesn’t have a phone at the castle, or rather Grandy nor I will pay for one, it is after all empty the majority of the time. She’s been stopping there to rehearse her new film role and the brother from hell is joining her. He’s supposed to be at a friend’s for the summer, but he’s probably pissed them off, or worn out his welcome there too.
Ben is away in Italy for two or three days too, so it seemed the perfect chance to tell her. I need a break, so two days with them would not kill me. Besides, it’s a nice place to get my head together. I would get back, and then I’d wait for him to come home and make him, either a romantic meal or the last supper? I wasn’t sure either way, but he did say he wanted loads of children and I had to pray it was with me? So, I threw the stick in the bathroom drawer and cried.
He came in from work and I was still crying I told him it was because I wanted to go to China with him and we argued a little, he’d already said it was all work and he would be working long hours and not be able to see me much, I was convinced he had someone else. I couldn’t tell him about the baby, he was so stressed with the China deal, plus I’d been off with him for a few days. I had an inkling I was pregnant and had been a little snappy, but given I’d had a stressful month of exams he’d been quite patient with me.
I decided I would either tell him when he got back from his parent’s place and possibly even when he returned from China. He didn’t need the added stress of an unplanned pregnancy too and to be worrying about me whilst he was over there. I was sure he’d be fine with the news he was going to be a father, he sort of hinted he wanted to be a young parent as his were so much older, and he wanted to be nothing like them. Our last night together was wonderful, and as we cuddled after we’d made love he held me close to him and whispered he wanted me in his life forever and to grow old and grey together, I lay on his chest and fell asleep, so in love with him I very nearly told him, how I wish I had. The next day, I left for Scotland, and he for Italy, that last kiss lingered on my lips like a coating of sweet honey. He’d be back in a couple of days and said he would see me when he got back. He had something to ask of me, I’d hoped he was going to ask me to marry him.

I wake and as I do, I feel his lips against mine and cry some more, it was only a dream. I look over at the door and Jess is there. I shrug the last pleasant memory of him away, and as I look over at her stood watching me, in the same place, where her father would lean against the doorframe, just as she is doing now, he’d watch me when he got home from work. I’d decide today is the day. This is the day she learns the truth and the reasons why I hate my mother and brother, and finally all about Ben. I am ready to tell Jess everything, warts and all. Being here makes me finally realise that she has a right to know because of them, her father is dead.
“Do you want to see your Dad?” She smiles. “Obviously, it’s in photo’s Jess. I’m sorry I can’t raise the dead, even for you, would that I could.” I’m joined on the bed as she hugs me.
“Please Mom, I have a small picture it’s a little fuzzy and old. The Duchess gave me one, she figured I needed to know I had a dad but swore me to secrecy. She figured you’d tell me about him when you were ready. She always asked me if I had been told yet. Can I see my beautiful father then? Grandy did say he was gorgeous, and I looked so like him, and that’s why you were sad. Show me my dad then Mom, hurry up before I die of excitement. Did I tell you this is the best trip ever?” I smile, my father and Grandy told my daughter more that they all let on.
I hand her the albums from under the bed, and as I do, I see a pair of his shoes and pick them up, and as I finger the leather, I cry some more. My room is like a time capsule of emotions. I go to the bathroom and wonder if it’s still in the dresser drawer? I open it and it is. His aftershave is there, so too the pregnancy test. It’s still in the drawer where I shoved it that last day. Jess is behind me.
“Are you alright Mom? Eww’s, what’s that? Please tell me it’s not what I think it is?” I laugh.
“Umm the pee stick that told me I was having you. Yes, I was keeping it to show your Dad. This was his favourite cologne, he always wore it.” She squirted it and cried. “What’s the matter Jess? Please don’t cry Little Bird.” I hug my girl tightly.
“Mom, why did he die and leave me? He left you too. Do you know how or why?” I joined her in the tears.
“He never left me Baby, he didn’t know where I was, he thought I had left him. I hadn’t and well I think you’re ready to know the whole tale, and then I will answer any questions you have? You have waited long enough to ask Little Bird.” She put the cologne back after squirting herself with it again.
“My Dad was the last one to touch this, and I have touched it now too.”
“Oh Jess, I’m sorry that’s the only memory I can give you of him, that the photos and his clothes which are still here.” She and I went to get comfortable. It would be a long night. “So Jess the story of why I didn’t want to come back, and why he never knew anything about you, are you ready Little Bird?” She nodded. Where do I begin? I told her to shush and just let me tell her my own way and to ask questions when I finished, and of course she agreed, she was desperate to know about him.

Chapter 5:

“I went to see my mother and brother at the castle I own in Scotland, to tell your Grandmother and Uncle that I would not be able to do the film with them, and why, because I was having you. I was only going to be away a couple of days and then I was going to tell your father I was pregnant. He was away in Italy for a couple of days and I had been a little crabby with him. I figured the time apart would do us good, anyhow I’d turned up at her door, well technically my door, as the castle was mine. It started off really badly the meeting, because all Daniella did was thank me for helping her and she kept telling me I was the answer to her troubles, and that I was her last chance. Great that wasn’t what I wanted, to dash all her hopes. The telling her of my reasons why I couldn’t do the riding for her, were soon over.
She took it quite well, that she was going to be a Grandma, but I thought it was too good to be true, because then she had a drink or two in her rooms and came back downstairs more relaxed. She wasn’t as guarded with her words when she had a few gins in her, she said I was too young, I would have to have a termination. I was too young to be tied down, what if your father didn’t want it, or me? She had dinner with the film producer and director to go to, but she would be back later to discuss things in more detail.” Jess was biting her lip but was already fuming. “Your Uncle Declan was up to something. He was on his phone and speaking in a muted voice as soon as he heard my news. Declan was up to no good, he’d hidden my car keys and my phone was no longer charging where I had left it. So I had no way of contacting anyone, it was too dark outside to be wandering the moors at night, so I decided to leave first thing, the following morning, when I’d found my missing keys or had the car recovery guys break in and start it, my spares were here in London.”
“Did they have them?” I nodded.
“Yes Jess, I had a niggling doubt they were up to no good, so I stashed my stuff in its hidey hole, when they left for the said important dinner. Mother said she wanted to talk more when she got back, about a termination or its possible adoption. To make sure I was there when they returned, Declan then told me he had taken my things, because he was making sure I stopped there. What planet was she on? My child, you Jess, were going nowhere, your father and I were in love, and we’d talked and planned to be together forever.
They had gone for dinner as they said they would and when they got back, the talk ended up in a shouting match of her telling me I had to have a termination. I refused, it was a heated debate and then she wanted a special hot chocolate to calm down before bed, sleeping pills, and rum in her chocolate. She had Uncle Declan make us drinks, she said we would wake up and talk more reasonably, when we had all slept on it? There was nothing to discuss I was out of there as soon as I woke in the morning, even if it meant walking.”
“Something bad happened I can tell Mom…” I hugged her tightly.
“Yes Jess, it did. I think they must have drugged my hot chocolate, because whilst I slept, they’d locked me away in the back tower, away from prying eyes. I hated them, and I swore I would kill someone for doing that. Declan was the one who locked me away, I found out by listening to his conversations of their plans. Oh and what plans they were, I was to be locked away to await your delivery and then you would subsequently be adopted into a good family, they already had one waiting in the wings, to whisk you away as soon as you arrived, they were selling my baby for cash.” Jess was angry and swore quite a lot too. “I’d cried for weeks whilst I was locked away, all the time hoping and praying your dad would come and look for me, but he never did. I think I’d been there for weeks possibly, months? I was unsure of the time or how many days I was there. I only knew that in my belly you grew, and you moved.
The first few weeks were horrendous, they melded into just more days spent without him. Locked in that prison tower and being kept from him, praying that they’d change their minds, and your dad would be waiting for me when I got out, or when I escaped. I had tried all ways of escaping, but it was impossible. There was just the one door leading into my room, bolted on the outside. One bay window, too high to jump from, but I tried the knotting together of the sheets, only to have them taken from the bed, as were the curtains and my clothes. I had just a pillow and the feather quilt. I couldn’t reach the roof to climb up and go over either and yes, I tried Jess, I really tried.”
“Mom shush, I bet you did. I hate them, and I fear there is worse to come.” Again, I nodded.
“Then that that awful day came, the day I died inside even more than I already had. I was sat reading, when Uncle Declan came in laughing, he threw a newspaper at me, that was when I learned your father, he had been killed in a car accident. The story was there in black and white, Declan laughed and locked the door. I had read that paper over and over for two weeks and they were two rotten weeks, were I cried and cried. I remember every word of that article, it was all I read for weeks Jess.
‘Ben Vinci, model and playboy socialite was today killed in a presumed drunk driving accident, whilst driving his fiancée to meet his parents. She escaped with just a few cuts and minor abrasions. She is fellow socialite and model Charlotte Ginsburg, who is said to be resting comfortably, in their new Parisian home by the Seine, and is awaiting the delivery of their child who is due in six months. Their baby was unharmed, and she is being comforted by both their parents. Mr Vinci’s parents who are ecstatic to learn she was carrying their grandchild, a first for both families.
Miss Ginsburg wishes to be left alone to grieve and await the delivery. She can throw no further light on the cause of the crash. The accident was caused, it is believed, because he had swerved to miss an object in the road and hit a tree, killing him instantly. He had been drinking and they had been arguing in the restaurant before their crash and Vinci’s untimely death, these allegations have been quashed by Ms Ginsberg as laughable, he never drank and then drove his car, and they never rowed. Whatever happened though, will remain a great mystery, as she does not remember arguing. Just swerving to miss, what she thought was an animal…”
I was now being comforted by Jess, and I comforted her too, we had a hot chocolate and I continued. She was doing that Dad thing she does, the processing and letting it all sink in. Lord will there be questions. I continued the epic tale.
“I cried, clutching at my stomach. I thought she was my best friend, he I thought, wanted to marry me and take me to see his parents? He promised me he loved me Jess, only me, yet he lied, you can’t move on that quickly, you’re nearly sixteen and I can’t move on. I’d been in there for months, of course he’d moved on, because he never loved me like I did him. I reasoned that he must have thought I had dumped him, after all we had been arguing and a lot in the week leading up to our separate trips. I wasn’t sure how to tell him about you our baby and was crankier with him than I needed to be. Oh Jess, I’m sorry.”
“Mom carry on, I don’t blame you for not telling me about my brother or sister now, I would have been kinda pissed off too, please stop crying and just tell me everything, even if you think it will hurt me, I need to know everything please?” I continued.
“My only glimmer of hope was that he did love me and that he had waited and grieved, and that grief was his reason for moving on and with Charlie, because we had all been close friends. Perhaps she was his rebound girl, or the one he comforted and so soon after me, perhaps a one off, with no protection taken and his over-whelming need to do the right thing, meant he was marrying her, because of the baby and that he still loved me? It all made sense in my head and made it easier to think she was just a one-off mistake, rather than he had moved on so quickly and in doing so had forgotten me. It helped for a while to believe he had loved me, he didn’t know I was there, he was heartbroken and had found comfort with my friend, who would be missing me too.
My life would have ended that day too, had you not needed me Jess, I could have quite easily ended it all. I would have jumped out of the window such was the grief, the loss and betrayal I felt. I stood by the window for quite a while contemplating it, but instead I cried for a few more days. I went mad with the grief, then yes, they were back the negative thoughts. My logic was all over the place, I was going mad with the loneliness and grief, not the best of bed buddies at the best of times. I had been dumped and he’d moved on with her I was so confused and in turmoil. Your dad was dead whatever had happened, and didn’t know about you, our baby. I needed to get out, I had to save you from being sold. You were in danger and the other child of his was in a cosy Parisian apartment, its mother was being fussed over by his parents. I should be there not here, it should have been me, not her being fussed over and grieving his loss with them and then God did I hate Charlotte more, but it also gave me a renewed vigour to get out and get out I would, then God help Uncle Declan and your Grandma.
Then as if heaven sent, my prayers were answered. I would have to grab at what I thought was possibly, my only chance to escape, before it was too late. They were off to start shooting that bloody picture in Morocco, they found a stunt double to take over the riding. Declan told the insurance people, well he insisted on it after her last fall caused her great injuries to her back. Did he have to remind them it cost the last studio an awful lot of money, he’d hate for her to have to fall and sue them again.
She wasn’t as young as she was and may break more bones. I laughed hearing him say that. I wanted her to break her neck, followed by his. They hired a nurse, to care for me whilst they were away, telling her I was a paranoid schizophrenic and only calm on my medication. I wasn’t Jess, I was just upset and confused. Given I was messed up about your father, grieving his death and the double betrayal, I would mumble at them, seeing them stood in the corner, kissing each other mocking me.
I hallucinated all the time, I’d have long talks with them, I’d scream at them, throw things swear at them, you name it I did it. My imagination was playing tricks on me, it was all down to the loneliness at being locked away and for so long, with no one to talk to, so it all looked quite plausible on the face of things. Declan always thought I was asleep when he spoke to the nurse, guard or whoever she was? His friends called too, though they always stayed just outside the door. I never saw faces, just heard their voices, telling him they had a buyer for you, a good family, wealthy and the kid would easily pass as the wife’s. He was told to make sure the merchandise was kept safe, and then they’d pass him his drugs, I presumed he was just that, his dealer?
I learned an awful lot that summer, locked in the tower, about the money he needed from the film, and from selling my child to save him from kneecapping, as he’d borrowed heavily for his habits and couldn’t pay it back. Both Grandy and his mother were refusing to bail him out. Declan’s habit was getting worse. Mother never came to see me, I thought she must have truly hated me. Then the nurse took over my sole care. They had been gone for quite a while, the days were a hazy existence, reading, crying plotting and planning, days came, and they went.
Possibly two weeks had passed since they’d left me with Nurse Tipsy. She answered phone calls telling them the baby was fine. She’d have a drink and sit and watch me as I watched her, I had to wonder had she been told not to speak to me? She was always so drunk when she fed me or handed me clean clothes. I’d started asking her for afternoon tea, and for her to join me, which she did, so after a while she trusted me. Unfortunately for her, and unbeknownst to the poor nurse, she was my way out. They’d hired her to look after me. Who was looking out for her, she was hopeless and a drunk?” Jessica whooped, way to go Mom, I laughed at her reaction too.
“The nurse joined me for tea, as usual locking the door and sitting in her comfy chair, she was three sheets to the wind, sorry Jess that means drunk, before she even sat down, it must have been hard for her only having the nut job for company, that and the very good wine cellar? I decided to make a play for escaping, and it had to be that day too, as they were due back the following day. She’d asked me to be mother, so I poured her a really sweet tea as she’d asked for and as she sipped I talked calmly, the music playing in the back ground was so soothing, after not too long a wait, she fell asleep and I made my run for freedom. My crushed pills had knocked her spark out, as they were supposed to do to me. I grabbed her keys and then locked her in.” We had a much needed pit stop, for the toilet, for pizza and for more sodas.
“Gheeze Mom no wonder you never told me. I think you were really brave. They are mother-fucking arseholes.” I spluttered out my coke, as she told me to continue.
“They were back in the morning, and she wouldn’t die in there, and so what if she did, the body and her were their problems, not mine. No, they couldn’t say my sister did it, the one we locked away, win, win for me, I was out. They though had ripped my room apart searching for my papers, passports, and stuff. My things were all over the place, they had even taken apart the library, my place to retreat to on the rare occasions I stopped here in my youth, with Grandy. I don’t know what made me hide it all in the nook that night, but I’m glad I did. I took my stash of money and passports from their hiding place in my mother’s own room. The last place they would have ever looked. I packed the well-read newspaper and my treasures and made ready for my escape.
So ended my months of imprisonment. Uncle Declan was behind all this, my sixteen year old monster for a brother had kept me captive. I swore someday I would come back and make him pay for what he had done to me, to us, but I needed to get to safety. I would make him pay, after having had you. I would kill him, because of him, your dad was dead, and you Jess had no father. I had everything I needed, having found my car keys in my car and packed what few possessions I had, and I drove to Glasgow airport, putting it in the parking garage there and leaving Grandy’s address and phone number, she would arrange a pick up when she was back in the country. She hadn’t answered her bloody phone, so I flew to the safety of your grandad’s waiting arms.
He, it seems, had been told by Declan I was with your father and his family in Italy, and I would be going travelling with Grandy for a while. They told Grandy I had gone to see my father and was having the baby there. So, because she didn’t have to worry about me, she had gone on a world tour, reliving her youth before it was too late and before the sprog came, that’s you by the way. Until you were ready to come, she was travelling, whilst she still could. She trusted their word that I had gone to the ranch. I did wonder why nobody ever questioned my lack of verbal communication over the months?”
“Yeah, were they stupid did they not have phones? I remember The Duchess ringing every day when she was away, is that why Mom, in case they took you again?”
“I think she liked hearing your voice, and besides she cut back after I had you, she missed playing with you. Let me continue Jess, this is taking forever where was I, yes, so when I got to dads I broke down as I arrived at the airport, I was safe there and I mean truly safe. The lack of questions on my whereabouts was soon explained too, there were postcards from all over the place. Grandy flew in days later, she too had letters and postcards from my travels. It seems Declan was very good at convincing them I was travelling.
Grandy had a letter too from your father’s family asking that all personal effects he’d had at the house be returned to them and there would be no further contact. Their son had died, and they blamed me. Why I never knew, it wasn’t like I was in the bloody car with him? I think that’s why the shunned you and hated me? I didn’t know your father’s parents, but according to Ben were a nightmare, and now one’s I’m glad I never met Jess. Grandy ignored the subsequent letters and she too was mad at his family, as she said their loss our gain, we didn’t now have to share you, and she was right. Though I suspect she did send letters, but hers too fell on stony ground. I was given a full work up on my arrival in Arizona and given a clean bill of health, so were you, my seven month old baby girl was fine and dandy and you were very health in there.
Grandad sent his family and my mother and brother a very lengthy legal letter severing all ties, and told them all to keep their distance, or we would have them prosecuted. I never wanted to see them again, a court case would mean I would need to see them, and I would have had to return to England. I wasn’t sure what the people he’d sold you to would have to say, you know, about there not being a baby for them to adopt. I did worry would they search you out and would take you. With Dad, we were safe, perhaps they would exact their revenge on Declan, I had to hope so.
My nightmares continued each night. Dad would hold me until I slept. He made me a new dream catcher, you’ve seen it, it’s the big one I have over my bed back home? That’s the same one, the one decorated with owl feathers and white hawk feathers with crystals woven in the intricate webbing. It was made to catch the new and horrid nightmares, and allow pleasant dreams through, and it worked too after a few nights, my sleep returned to normal, it helped that old Bonnie was sleeping on my bed. She helped, she let nobody near me except Dad and Grandy.
You my beautiful daughter, were born two months later, healthy and beautiful and lord you had your father in you, too much really. You were his double you were my new start and my whole life. I’d carried on with my law degree and graduated top of my class the following year, and with Dad’s help, I had excelled in law school. My dad stood there looking so proud holding you so tightly his Granddaughter, Grandy was happy too when I graduated. Then I joined his firm. It all seems so long ago now Jess, but those actions they took, deprived you both of knowing each other, he would have loved you so much baby.
He left me with you, and for that, I will be forever grateful, and they got the other child he had fathered. Unfortunately, it was the only one they recognised and that was Charlotte’s child. I hated them and her more, all my calls fell on deaf ears, so I stopped bothering after a couple of years. You were then just my little miracle and very much loved, their loss not mine. Each year on your birthday though, I would send them a photograph and each year you looked more like him. Now, we’re back here where my memories of him are haunting me. He’d never been with me to Arizona, but here in London Jess, we have places to go that your dad and I had been to as a loving couple, and that’s why I wasn’t ready to come back. Even after so long, my heart still aches for him, but ready I had to be, because you Jessica needed answers to your questions, honest and truthful answers this time and now you finally know everything and why it is I truly hate my mom and brother. You and I, Jessica Jay Bird, we’re heading into murky uncharted waters. What does Daniella want and why now?”
I had told her the whole tale and let me tell you that was so bloody cathartic, not having to keep those awful things to myself. As we sat, we’d eaten the pizza we’d had delivered. She was now sat open mouthed and shocked at what her uncle and her grandma had done, and what they had planned. I had to stop her swearing, quite a few times, the first time she said mother-fuckers, I was dying to laugh.
“Mom, they were awful. I’m sorry I wrote to her now, please forgive me, we aren’t going, she can rot in hell. Fuck her Mom, fuck her, she doesn’t deserve us.” I cried at how mature my baby girl was and told her those were the last time she dropped the f-bomb ever again. “Does that crap really happen here? They were going to sell me, to buy coke. Shit sorry, Mom the f-bomb is coming to town one last time the mother-fucking pair of bastards, let them go to hell for what they put you through. I never want to see her, and I hope she dies a painful death.”
She carried on ranting but in Apache, so I couldn’t understand her. I am not as good as my daughter at the language, but I do understand a lot. She would go to the reservation and learn her lessons. I learnt the little I did know, from handling the cases I got at our small practice in White River, and from my months spent at the ranch over the years. I preferred to be out riding, hunting or fishing when I was younger, Jess liked to learn all she could.
“Jessica Jay Bird, go and wash your mouth out that was nasty little girl, and when did they teach you that in class? I may not know as much as you, but even I know that’s a very rude thing to say. Gouyen will be turning in her grave knowing you’d used the beautiful language she taught you, in such a potty mouthed way.”
“That wise woman Mom would do as her ancestor did and sneak in and scalp the pair of them. So please don’t tell me she would have taken this lying down she was named after a fierce and powerful warrior.” I shouldn’t mock her. She is sometimes more tribal than her grandfather was.
She certainly has his temper when wronged, it was only me being heavily pregnant that stopped him coming here and doing just what she is threatening to do now, and that makes me happy, knowing that she does take after him too, and yes, she could do it too, she can skin a deer, Elk or a bear if needed, they used their skins in the making of the traditional items they make and sell in the tourist shops mainly for the for the moccasins they buy, as all we Indians wear them.
The number of complaints we get because we don’t now live in wigwams, really their ignorance is unbelievable. Please, they are called wickiups or tipis, if you must. Jess prefers to wear her Sketchers, so do most of the kids she hangs around with. So clichéd, but that’s what the tourists thought, and they bought them by the bag full, the dream catchers and the cute teddies, in Indian traditional dress, big sellers too. Jess has a fabulous collection of teddies in all sort of dresses, Grandy has brought her one back from each of her many trips taken, and she has a fair few too.
“Right well that’s decided, they rot in hell and we spend more time doing fun stuff, scalping the pair of them not to be included Little Bird?” We spent the night going through my room.
I imparted tales of each thing she found, the ticket stubs, the tee shirt she insisted in wearing of his to bed, spraying it with his cologne, to feel close to him. In the bathroom I found the necklace he gave me for my birthday, one he’d had made for me. A symbol for our love, a gift from him, and so many tears cried over that. A golden Humming Bird, because I hummed a lot and usually after sex, I laugh at the memory, it was the best thing he gave me, because he’d designed it himself, yet more tears are had. This bloody room is filled with him. I smiled, as I gave it to his daughter.
“Mom this is beautiful, it’s really sweet, are you sure? This place is kinda cool, why did we not come here before?” I smiled, now I’m here I did wonder why too? Perhaps it would have been too painful on my own. I am sharing it with the only other person who misses him as much as I do, and perhaps now was the right time.
“Come on bedtime, we have to sort things out here tomorrow, bedtime, and lights out.”
“Night Mom love you to the top of the mountain and back.” I gave her a smile as she went to sleep in her Grandy’s rather cool four poster bed. I swear I heard her jumping up and down on it, and if Grandy is watching, she will have a chuckle, it’s what I did when she wasn’t around, but somehow, she would always catch me and chase me around the room with the great big pillows, and yes I still did it, even when I was all grown up.
Jess and I spent a few days packing away Grandys clothes, to be sent to charity. My things I just wasn’t sure about, they were a little dated. After Jess had all but emptied all my drawers and put things in the charity boxes, there wasn’t that much left, and it was a good excuse to shop for some better clothes. I needed to be glamorous again, apparently? Her father’s stuff was in her suitcase, which was going nowhere. I did take her on the promised ride down the Thames, in my boat.
Grandy had kept it looking as good as new. No wonder she spent so long with us she must have been bloody lonely hanging around here on her own, as all my things were everywhere. I sent my apologies to my mother, and told her all things considered my daughter, and I would not like to meet her after all, and to forget we even existed. We had a few days, sightseeing and spending a few days in the South West of England and seeing the sights Jess wanted to see, Stonehenge was a must.
Then it was down the coast to see where the Mayflower set sail to America, bringing over their diseases, grabbing our lands and waging war on our people for our lands? I don’t think that our poor American fellow traveller wanted to hear all this on his holiday, how his ancestors had killed her ancestors for our lands. Poor Bob Hardy from Portland, Maine and his wife Barbie went away with more than a flea in their ears, being as their ancestors were on it. Then we walked around the Barbican, another must. A hike over Dartmoor was had, with Jess hoping to see the hound of the Baskervilles. She needs to stop watching so much television.
I swear she heard what she wanted and believed the crap she heard on television. We then spent a pleasant couple of days in Cornwall, where we didn’t see any Piskies, they are Cornish Pixies, I was told. Then from Lands End, and we headed back to Richmond. We made a quick stop at the supermarket for groceries, and I could have sworn I said no to the boxed set of wolves and vampires, so why was it in the trolley then? Popcorn and chips, yeah, more crap films to watch again, deep joy.
Full of beans, we arrived back to find him at my door. I wanted to smack the crap from his smug face. He was stood grinning. I wanted to kill him, I parked at the front of the house and studied the smarmy little bastard, he will pay for what he did, because his taking me prisoner, it meant Ben died. Yes, I’m very bitter, bitter enough to kill him. I’m well trained to do it too, my years of preparation, were all for this day, but I had Jess in the car.
“Stay in the car Jess, do not get out, I repeat do not get out. If anything, bad happens, please dial 999, and not 911, then ask for the police, if I signal you, do you hear? Do not get out of the car, no matter what Jess?” I was shouting, something I never do in front of her ever and certainly not at her. She told me she would. I got out and locked the doors.
“Well, Sister Dearest, isn’t this a nice surprise seeing you here, and looking so well, haven’t you done well for yourself? Is that the bastard? Mother wants to see you, and don’t piss me off, with you’d rather not. I don’t want to be here either, but I was called back too. Apparently, the old bitch is dying, and she wants to make her peace.”
“I don’t care one tiny atom if she is dying. I just hope it’s a lonely painful death and hope that you join her soon after. That is my daughter Jess, and she is no bastard, I think that title goes to you, she knows who her father is. Take your evil arse back and tell her it will be a cold day in hell before I ever, I repeat, ever go to her house again. The last time didn’t go too well for me, do you not remember? It cost Ben a chance of seeing his daughter, and her from seeing her father. Leave before I signal to Jess to phone the police.” He came down the steps and passed me.
“What if I told you a secret that will change your life, would you come then?” I laughed.
“Right, and what could you possibly tell me to change my life? I know who my father is, I know my mother is a freak, and I know you brother, have more than a few slates missing off the roof.”
“Now, now Pocahontas, this would benefit your daughter too, a chance to see where her father is? I don’t suppose you know where he is, or do you?” He was right, I hadn’t been able to find out, but I was sure he’d been taken back to Italy and placed in the family crypt.
“So, how do I know I can trust you? You pair haven’t got that great a track record of earning my trust, do you? As far as my daughter’s health and safety are concerned, I don’t want you anywhere near her?” He smirked.
“I have more to lose this time, I get nothing if you don’t turn up, and you get to know where lover boy is?” I look at Jess and agree. “Mothers flat tomorrow, we will be there all day. I have things to run over with her, money property and the things she’s leaving me! It shouldn’t take too long and then we never have to see you again?”
“Right and who else will be there?”
“You’re safe, she has a nurse who is in attendance, and her secretary. Her book has made her a lot of money. It’s the biggest pile of shit I have ever read, but her fans like it.” I laugh, it’s the first thing we have ever agreed on.
“Well, I will see you tomorrow, and any funny stuff and you will be sorry? I’m not the frightened girl I was back then.”
“See you tomorrow and Mother wants to see her granddaughter. She has to be there too. Not an option and as soon as its over I give you the information, as promised.” I cringe as I watch him walk away. “Tomorrow, don’t forget to bring the half-blood too.” I get back in the car, and drive to the garage, pulling into the garage, I get out and lock the doors. Finally allowing Jess out of the car, and we take the groceries in, and the bags.
“Was that who I thought it was Mom?” I nod as I unpack the food.
“We have to go see Grandma, she hasn’t got long to live, and if we do that one thing, he will tell me where your father is laid to rest. I have never been able to find out. His family have refused all contact, they are like the Cosa Nostra. There are loads of them running interference. I call them the Italian Mafioso and I have never once been allowed to speak to your grandparents, nor his sister or either of his brothers. I had to learn Italian in the end, just so I knew if they were lying to me, I’d pretend I couldn’t understand them, and they would speak.”
“Is that why I had to take Italian? So, I could speak the same language as my father. How cool, I never knew why you had me learn. I’m just happy we were going to Italy, so I could speak to someone else other than the waiters at the pizza place down the block from the offices. Mom you’re really sneaky.” I laugh as she and I speak in Italian for a while, as we make dinner.
“We will be alright Mom, you can kick arse if they start on you, and I am coming on great in my Krav Maga classes, Mom. Poppa Eli says I’m nearly as good as you are. Tell me again why you have someone working with you from Mossad, and why is he my godfather Mom?” I laugh.
“He was as dear to me as my father was, he swore to look after you if anything happened to me. He had married a good American girl, she got sick, and Dad brought them here to help him, they were old friends, so he brought her here for treatment and stopped. He was retired and so helped Dad in the practice. Nothing more sinister, Jessica Jay, he just happens to be a bloody good private detective. You really have to stop watching television Jess, and realise that not everything in life, is like an episode of N.C.I.S.” She laughs as she chops the herbs.
“Really, you could have fooled me, with what you have told me over the past couple of weeks, I beg to differ? Mom your life, well, it’s played out as if it was right off the pages of a film script.”
“Chop or we won’t be eating this side of midnight.” I smile and agree.
“Right bossy boots. Mom, do you think we can go to the gym or something before we go around? We need to loosen up a bit and get a little more fitter. I miss working out in our gym, well your works gym.” I agree I am feeling a little bit of a need to pound the bag a little. I went on Google as the pasta cooked.
“We’re in luck Jess there’s a gym that does martial arts and does the total fitness thing, they have a pool too and a masseuse. Should I book for a day pass check it out?”
“Please Mom, I’m going to get a quick shower and get ready for bed.” I ring and book us in for a day trail, at half past six in the morning. They take my credit card details, and we’re to meet a fella called Jarrod there, who will walk us through. I laugh. Wait until Jess hears she has to be up at six. It’s literally down the road though. We head to bed after our late supper, we have a busy day starting early, and ending who knows when?


Chapter 6:


“Wake up Jess, your kit is over by the dresser, come on Baby get up. Juice is waiting?” I go downstairs and have my toast, as sleepy head comes down the stairs.
“Morning Mom, you weren’t kidding then? Are we driving or jogging? I need to wake up.” She has her toast with peanut butter and jam on it and takes a glug from her juice. I watch as she eats.
“This isn’t jelly Mom? It’s nice though, kinda chunkier?” I laugh.
“It’s called jam or more precisely conserve, it’s an English thing Baby Bird, they don’t do grape jelly here. We’ll jog it’s literally ten minutes’ walk. It’s one of the best in the area. I’m told everyone and their mother and anyone who’s anyone goes to it.” As I grab my phone and headphones, I put water and towels in the bag and we head off, getting there just as they are opening. Jess and I have barely broken a sweat.
“Mrs Bird? I’m Jarrod, I am sorry have I got the name, right?” I laugh.
“Yes, this is my daughter Jess and I’m Miss, not Mrs. She would like to use the machines and I want to pound the fight bag, if you have one? We have missed three Krav Maga classes, and we’re getting withdrawal symptoms. We work out every day in the gym at work, so that too has been allowed to slide.” He laughs as he shows us around.
“You know what you’re doing? We don’t do Krav Maga here, it’s considered too, well too rough. There is a very good mixed martial arts gym a mile down the road. Some of the men here go, it’s very popular. Right, here’s the gym Jess, if you need any help, give one of the lads a shout or come and get me? I will be holding the bag for your Mom. Will you be alright?”
“Yeah, I’ll be fine thanks, there’s nothing here I haven’t done before. See you later Mom. Give me an hour, and we’ll meet up on the running machines and do a 10k warm down?” I laugh because now she’s showing off.
“Right Jess and don’t speak to strange people.” I go to their martial arts studio, and as I look around and I wave at Jess. The gym is filling with people doing their pre-work, workouts. “Right Jarrod are you ready?” He holds the bag still, as I start my gruelling kick boxing routine on the bag. The first couple of smacks catch poor Jarrod unawares. I don’t think he was expecting the power behind the kick, and as I switch to the higher kicks, he holds the bag firmer. I switch it about and start on the elbow swipes, then punches and I have a fantastic work out. My sweat definitely broke, I watch as others are in now and they are watching as I take my frustrations out on the bag. I note the men watching too, I raise a smile from one or two, and as I finish, I breathe a deep sigh of relief. You can’t miss the training for as long as I had, is the feeling my body gets, as I wrap the towel around my neck. I slip on my jacket and take a sip from my bottle.
“Thanks for that, much appreciated, I’d better join Jess and do her run, if she has the energy left?”
“Will you be joining, do you think? I think you will like it.” I smile.
“Yes definitely, we will be coming back a lot more now to London, Jess loves it here and I don’t think I will be able to keep her away from the place now she’s seen it.” Thanking him, he goes to get the paperwork in order. It is an expensive treat for the couple of times a year we will be here.  Jess has said we are coming back and what Jess wants she normally gets. People are leaving and more arriving, lord it is a popular gym.
“Hi, have you had a good time?” She removes the headphones.
“Yeah, it was really good, though it’s a little bit posher than your gym in the office Mom. Oh, and a man liked my necklace, he asked where I got it from, I told him my dad had it made for my mom, he said it was very pretty. He knew it was a Humming Bird too.” I look around. “You have just missed him, he was the tall guy with the hoody and the dark glasses on, he may have been hung over, I think? He kinda looked really sad too. Do you think he is drinking to forget Mom?” She laughs, as she plugs herself in.
“What did I tell you about speaking to strangers Little Bird? Come on we have 10k to do and then we are going for a swim and a massage.” We ended the morning fully relaxed and are now fully paid up members of a very expensive gym.
I feel like we are being watched, but I think that’s because of seeing my brother again. We go home and have breakfast, and as I grab the mail, I look through it, nothing of interest as such, though there looks to be a couple of letters addressed to the occupier from a solicitor. Who’s after what now? I can’t be bothered looking. I put them to one side and go for a bath then change into my jeans and tee shirt for the meeting later on. Jess too is ready and as we have a couple of hours to spare, we do what we girls do best, we shop. I pull the gates open and we head out, after locking them securely. Since Declan has been around, I don’t trust him not to break in, the alarms are the best Grandy could find, being empty a lot it had to be. She had got to protect the family pile what, what.
Jessica and I shop for some pretty dresses and shorts, as well as a few tops for Italy. I have the strangest feeling we’re being followed. I look in shop windows and turn around quickly, but I’m just being over cautious, but then Declan has me a little paranoid too. I push the thoughts to the back of my head, and we buy her the shoes to go with them. I am by no means a fashionista, but even I know I have to have the shoes I try on, and in two different colours too, how extravagant. They will go very nice with the dresses I bought or rather Jess made me buy, she has filled my bags with some cool clothes… Really, I think I stopped wearing cool when I had her, but I was told I needed to look hot in case the man of my dreams bumps into me and sweeps me off my feet. Right that has only ever happened the once and that ship she has long since sailed on, and without me on board.
“I think Jessica Jay we have just enough time for a coffee, fancy a milk shake?”
“Umm please Mom, I’m a little bit nervous now the time is here. I don’t think they are nice people Mom. Why was she like she was, when Grandy was such a really nice person?”
“That Jess, is the million-dollar question? One I have always asked too. She was always a bit flighty Grandy said, and she was convinced the nanny had somehow mixed them up in the park.” We finished the drinks and with bags in hand and we headed for the car and then to my mother’s flat, we were not feeling the deep joy as we pulled up, deep dread yes, joy definitely not. “Whatever you hear Jess, it is more than likely a lie? Remember how much I love you. I promise you if it gets too much we leave. All Declan said was I had to come. He didn’t state how long we had to stay.”
“It will be fine Mom, I will be fine, stop worrying Team Apache can kick paleface butt if he starts.” I laugh and hope we don’t have to find out. We get out and head for the door, it’s answered by a woman, a woman I can only describe as a secretary? As she comes complete with twin set and pearls, with a pair of glasses on a chain hang around her neck, her smile is nice to see as she shakes my hand and Jess’s too, she shows us through. A wisp of white musk ascends my nasal passage, and I now realise I am nearing her presence. The smell gets stronger as we approach her bedroom, and I have yet to see Declan. We are offered tea, which we decline.
“We are not stopping long enough to drink it, but thank you, are you alright, you look upset has she been shouting at you?”
“No dear thing, she hasn’t. She never shouts, but she is so un-well and this is the happiest I have seen her in months knowing you were coming has brightened her day, and there won’t be many more.” I gulped, I think, so she is dying then. She scuttles off as we enter the room. My father’s room looked much like this as he passed, if I didn’t know better, I would have guessed we were on a staged film set. The machines are bleeping, the chorus of sounds meld together, and it all sounds too much like my father’s last few weeks, stood by his hospital bed whilst he recovered from the fall off the ravine.
The air she breathes is sucked on, I would have said as if her life was dependant on it, but then it probably is, and she probably does need it. The sickly smell of her perfume burns my nostrils, and as it is, it is mixing with the clinical disinfectant smells and I feel sick. She looks ill, and way too skinny and her eyes are heavy, she struggles for breath and as I watch her, I realise she is really dying. Should I be happy, remorseful? Should I regret shutting her out? I look across at Jess, and it hits me… No, they were trying to take her, she deserves all this and more, and it looks like she is getting my wished for, painful death? I should feel pity or remorse for thinking it, but I don’t they did too much, and took too much from me for any type of forgiveness.
The air pump in the mattress kicks into gear, and as it does the bleeps reach fever pitch, it startles me slightly, it’s because then Mom realises, we are stood in the room. The nurse alters the meds in her drip feed and she keeps her gaze on the equipment, doing her job and ignoring me completely, and then mother asks us to come closer, and as we step near, my smarmy brother is hanging around the back of her bedroom, the nurse goes to say something to him and he quickly steps forward.
“You deemed fit to call Sister, and good you brought the brat?” I looked at him and then held on to Jess’s arm.
“She brought me, her daughter yes. If there’s no need for you to be here then leave, you’re just an arse. We have come as requested, so there’s no need for you to be here, because if you stay, we go. The choice is yours Grandma?” She smiles and waves him out. Good for you Jess.
“She is beautiful Sara, and looks like her father, you must be very proud?” When did she see Ben, I never introduced them? “I know your father was, he wrote to me often and had the decency to enclose a photograph or two, which is much more than I deserved. Jessica, please come and let me see you, I don’t bite. She has your grandmother’s temper I see. He is an arse your uncle, you’re quite correct.” She walked to the bed and I heard my mother cry. “Beautiful, so very beautiful, she is a credit to you and your father. How is White Eagle? I suspect he’s still angry I gave you to mother and not to his squaw, so she could raise you as her own?” I didn’t know if this is a joke or not?
“My father died five years ago, and she was not his squaw, she was his wife, my mother and a full blood Apache, a daughter of a chief, and she was considered to be royalty amongst our people.”
“Our people, you were born here, in this flat in this very bed. I bought the damned clinic they had me in, it was secure enough to keep me in, so it was secure enough to keep the world out. Now let me look at you, please” Now she’s back, the bitch is in the room. “Why did you not come home when he died, you would have been welcome Sara?”
“Mother this is all old news. I have always been a half-breed Apache, or have you forgotten whom you slept with to produce me? My Father was happy for Grandy to raise me, her he trusted. I spent most of my holidays with the other raggedy arsed Indians on the reservation. My home was a shared place between them. As you know, I had two loving homes, with both my father and Grandy, your house was never my home, perhaps that’s why? Or perhaps because the last home we shared I did without agreeing to it? What do you want from me Mother? Forgiveness, because that will never come, I’d sooner be stabbed in the heart than forgive you. Did you forget you tried to sell your granddaughter to buy your drugs, or that you kept me prisoner for months, what part of that Mother do you find I should forgive you for?”
“Still bitter, such hate in your eyes, your daughter too hates me I see it. I don’t need your forgiveness. I don’t deserve it, and so I’m not asking for it. No, I haven’t very long left, these machines are what’s keeping me alive and as soon as you’re gone, they can be switched off as far as I’m concerned. No, I want to put right an injustice done to you. I have somethings for you, and then when you get them, I want you to go. I just wanted to see you both and to look upon true beauty before I die, you are the only good thing I ever did with my life.”
Her nurse messed around with the tubes and I watched what she was doing, and noticed that the medication was being fed in far too quickly? I spent months seeing this done for my father, watching as the nurse did his medication. As I watched her, she panicked, she excused herself and sent in the secretary. She was nice and as she smiled, she had a tear in her eye. Did she really like my mother, go figure someone had to, I suppose?
“Pass me the box please Ruth, there’s a dear, then my Daughter and Granddaughter can leave, you too can then leave and thank you for everything you have done for me.” She wiped a tear as she passed me the box and disappeared into the back room crying. Shit she really was dying. “I am not leaving you anything, but those, those you will treasure more than anything of that I can promise you. The money you don’t need, you should still have plenty from Mother?” She heard what I did, Declan opening the door, she smiled and gave me a wink.
“Declan will get what’s due him, he’s in for his reward soon enough.” Declan was hovering by the door as she passed me a large old walnut box with a smile. “Don’t open them here or now, I want you to read them in the morning, that’s soon enough Sara, and please when you read them… Declan shut the door or leave.” I smiled as the door shut. “Please know I knew nothing, about the great wrong done to you. I didn’t know you were in the tower. He and his ‘wop friend’ did it all without my knowledge. I was told you had gone back to Mothers, when I woke that morning, I was angry that I even suggested you got rid of the baby. The letter I sent to you, apologising for my foul mouth and rancid suggestions and intolerable behaviour that night, was sent straight back to the castle. That was when I got suspicious, that he was up to no good, but…” She took a deep breath in it was hurting her! I did not want her to die in agony, despite me saying so.
“Still having my little problem to deal with, I’m sorry to say I will soon forget about it, I did however have all the mail sent to a PO box, both from here and the castle and when we got back from filming. They were all waiting in it, along with a summons from your father, not to contact you, so I didn’t. I figured whatever he had done was bad and put the letters in a safety deposit box. In one of my more lucid moments for safety’s sake. Ruth collected them for me and put them in the old box she had. Declan just said you were over-reacting again. I am sorry, truly sorry for what he did, but please don’t worry he’s getting everything he deserves later.”
I wanted to believe her I really did. I was asked for a kiss goodbye, which I gave her as did Jessica, who was also passed an envelope and told to open it, tomorrow. She had to promise too. She did, and Mother fused over Jess for a little while longer and fell asleep. We quietly left and feeling in my case, a very strange sense of loss, loss perhaps for her being left to die alone, but I couldn’t fake feelings for someone who’d had none for me. Perhaps that was hard of me, but thirty-five years of having had very little contact with her, made me that way. We were about to leave when Declan stopped me in the hallway on our way out. He hovered around Jess, making me feel very uncomfortable and his threatening stance had me on pins, Jess stood close.
“What did she say?”
“Just that I didn’t need what you were getting, I can only presume because Grandy left me everything she is seeing to it, you get what you deserve. Now, where do I find him Declan?” He laughed.
“I am not stupid Sara, I needed to make sure you came, so now you have been here.” He handed me an envelope with a key in it.
“It Dear Sister, is the key to the safety deposit box at your bank, you’re on the list to allow access. They have your signature, which you need to change, it’s too easy to copy. I managed to send letters and postcards to your loved ones, keeping them away from the police, to report you as missing. I particularly loved the Dear John I sent lover boy. Apparently, he was devastated. Daddy dear Jessica then went on a shag fest after Mommy dearest dumped him. She fucked his head to bits, with the following postcards and letters too, fancy him being too ashamed to take Pocahontas home to meet his parents? He went on an almighty shag fest doing anything with a pulse, including your best friend, from what I hear?
Sorry yes, I wrote to him too ending it, telling him you’d found someone else, someone, who unlike him wasn’t ashamed of taking you home, because you finally realised that’s why he hadn’t. You weren’t good enough for him, you were sorry that a half breed Indian wasn’t good enough for them, nor to be seen as his wife, then I sent him postcards signed wishing you were here, it drove him mad in the end. I hope you like what’s in there, I will be long gone when you get the contents, so you won’t be able to retaliate when you see what is in there, hence not giving you them now. Had you come earlier, and paid a quick visit to the bank, you could have come back and kicked my arse, it is your own fault that ship sailed. Now this has been so pleasant and I better for knowing I never have to see you again, that is unless I come to see you and have a powwow?”
“Please do come and see us Uncle Declan, the reservation is under Indian Council Laws, I will see to it you get shot as soon as you step on our land. We can do that we Pocahontas look a like’s and this squaw hates you too, my decedent Geronimo, was known for exacting revenge on pale face intruders. I too can scalp a man, I have yet to try it, but I could give it a go with you. Now move your arse, you idiot or I will forget the good manners my mom raised me with. So do come and try to get us on the reservation, I can promise you that if you come, you won’t leave and not alive, am I clear? Mom was the best thing Grandma ever did, she was right, and that you you’re the worst mistake she ever made.” Oh, hell Jess spot on again when did my Little Bird learn to fly. He grabbed at Jess’s arm, oh no you don’t.
“I knew I couldn’t trust you, you bastard.” I lost it and hit him several times, I think I broke his nose hitting him so hard the last time, because he flew down the hall on his butt, alive, just, but blooded and battered. I put the envelope in my pocket and ran with Jess to the car.
“That was weird Mom, really weird. Your mom is strange, your brother is a moron with a capital M, and I’m wondering why we have to do as they say? Why shouldn’t I open this? Why shouldn’t I just rip it up and not bother?” She placed the wooden box on the back seat.
“Jess you gave your word, as did I. Come on home, and we can go out for dinner and push the boat out, go somewhere really fancy, a nice swanky place and a show?” I got a hell yeah. Once we were safely home, I was surprised to see another letter behind the door, hand delivered too. I put it with the rest, it seems I will be doing a lot of reading tomorrow.


Chapter 7:


We dressed to go see Jess’s must-see show, The Phantom of the Opera and she was mesmerised as she watched it, but all I wanted to sleep. The interlude came, and we went for drinks. I waited for her at the door to the toilet and as I did, I swear the man I had seen watching me was here too, I definitely needed sleep. I went in to hurry my daughter up, finding her inspecting the cloakroom, strange girl.
“Mom the washrooms are great in here.” I laughed. She was impressed with the toilets. My daughter was easily pleased. “Can we please get a drink, Mom?”
“Sure, Little Bird, a glass of Bordeaux, Champagne, or a Sprite?”
“Sprite please Mom. Nice try, I had that once you know, Champagne? Wow, it tastes foul, it tastes like crap and I’m sorry that word offends, but it does Mom. Billy said we were drinking the good stuff too, so Lord help you on the cheap stuff?” I laughed as we made our way to the bar.
“Glad to know you were sensible. I agree give me a good cup of tea and a glass of orange juice anytime. Billy, does he do it a lot?”
“I’m not saying Mom, I’m not a squealer, but let’s just say the last time he did it was his last time. His mom nearly took his head off, with the back of her hand, his punishment was really harsh too. He’s got to do three more nights of hoop training, he wasn’t very impressed either, they are with his Uncle Running Bear and he’s really strict, not like those he has with his Cousin Tommy, and he won’t be doing it again for a while. We will be making his hoops too, when we get back. I fancy giving it a try it looks really interesting Mom.”
“Really, your grandfather was great at it. He tried to teach me, but I was just tempted to hula hoop with them, much frowned upon, so don’t do it as a joke, Running Bear takes heritage seriously.” She scowled, as if she did anything for a joke were her roots were concerned either. “Come on let’s get back the shows about to start, and I don’t know about you, but I need food then my bed Jess and a lie in.”
“Ditto Mom, I could eat raw beef steak I’m so hungry.” Erg no... We watched the show and went for dinner. We’d grabbed a late booking at the Ivy, the meal was absolutely wonderful and hollow legs ate the lot. We walked towards the car park and I had that nagging feeling I was being, sorry, we were being watched. I turned and the man from the theatre was following us.
“Can I help you Sir?” He looked embarrassed.
“I don’t think so Madam? I’m going for my car it’s in the car park here, my wife has sent me for it, as she cannot or will not walk, she’s waiting by the Ivy. We have just had a meal, I did notice you in there however, I have to go back to pick her ladyship up. Did I frighten you? I didn’t mean to. Please let me introduce myself Cary Underwood.” He passed me his card. I shook his hand.
“Here please have my card, not that you need advice on legal issues or that you need advice on your blood rights as an Apache? We are over here on holiday, sorting out my Grandy’s home, for possible sale and having a holiday. I am so sorry, I have been a little jumpy of late, seeing people who aren’t there, jumping at my own shadow. My car is here, thanks for walking me to it. If I need a systems analyst, I will bear you in mind and thanks again.” He nodded and walked up a level. I was so relieved. Declan had really pushed my panic buttons. I gathered my thoughts in the car and headed towards the exit, when I happened to look at the pedestrian’s street exit from the car park, and he was walking towards a parked car, with someone in the front seat. I shook my head. My imagination is working overtime, again. Jess was nearly asleep when we got home. I pulled into the garage and locked up.
“Jess, come on Baby Bird, bedtime for sleepy head.” I carried her to bed, she was just too tired to wake up. I lay her on her bed and went to shut the place up. There was yet another envelope on the mat. “I am popular tonight.” I put it with the rest and went to bed. I slept very strange, I had really bad dreams, as I tossed, and I turned. The digital alarm flicked slowly forward and the hours I thought I spent in there were actually just minutes.
I couldn’t take it any longer, I got out of bed and headed to the kitchen for a drink. It was one in the morning, when I went to sleep, I seemed to be up there all night and yet it was still only two thirty? This was no good, I needed something stronger than hot chocolate to knock me out. “Wine Malady? Why I don’t mind if I do Sara, and please make it a large one.” I glugged the wine into a big glass, I grabbed the box and the letters and turned on the desk light and looked at the cache of letters from behind the door. The first three were bills, the second was from an estate agent with a damn good offer for the house. The second was from Grandy’s solicitor asking to contact his office regarding Grandy’s box at the bank.
The handwritten ones were intriguing, one was just a phone number, handwritten and a short message, please call me at your earliest convenience, please Miss Bird. I put it to one side and opened the other handwritten one, an address and phone number and I was asked to phone as soon as I could, we had things to discuss, the writing was strangely familiar? This day keeps on getting stranger and stranger. I sipped at the wine, and wondered what was in the walnut box, and would I like it? I moved to a comfortable couch and turned on the fire and I settled in to reveal the mysteries of the box.
I opened it and flicking the hook over and opened it. It was filled with letters. I picked one up from the top of a pile of about thirty letters. I looked at them repeatedly because they were all from Ben, and all sent to Mother’s PO box, she was right, some actually had been redirected to the castle from here. Shit Declan had, had my mail forwarded. I may have fallen asleep, because I woke with a stiff neck and I hadn’t opened any of Ben’s letters, it was just too hard a thing to do yet, so hard that I’d cried myself to sleep. Jess was coming down the stairs and was grumpy.
“Mom did you sleep down here, and you drank wine too. Is something worrying you?”
“No, I want to go and get the letter from the bank, open yours baby.” She gave it to me to open.
“Read it Mom, I don’t want to.” I ripped open the envelope.

“Dear Jessica, Thank you for coming today, by the time you get this I will be long gone, and with me I am taking your Uncle Declan. He will get everything he so richly deserves, with enough money to see him to the end of his days, and by my reckoning that should be today, it should be about an hour, after you leave me, actually.
I cannot forgive him for what he did to your mother and what he thought to do to you, what kind of monster does that make me, your mother was the only good thing I did in my life and she in turn had you, you are a credit to her. I have pictures and reports done on you both, all the time, it gives me comfort knowing you are both safe and protected, after today you will have one less threat in your life, if I don’t do it, he would only search you out for what I leave you Jessica.
What I leave you, cannot remove from your heart the fact I abandoned my child, but I knew I would mess it all up. Declan is living proof of that. He was a bad seed from the get go, and one who never changed. I hope you both can forgive a mad old woman, her past stupidity and lack of understanding. Those were the two reasons I gave her away, all too painful to admit too, those secrets are written down, and when you read them you will understand why, I hope?
I couldn’t have done as good a job at raising you Sara as Mother did, you were her second chance to get it right too, having failed with me. There was a distinct lack of love for me from her, and it was all down to her losing her beloved William, she saying it was my fault, but I was just a baby and not to blame. We had a long chat, and she agreed to take you and do things differently with you. Enough of that read the book it explains everything Sara, do with the book what you will.
When you open this, turn on the television and if all goes to plan, I should be on the news as you wake from your slumber. The contents of the safety deposit box are yours to do with as you wish Jessica, though I ask that you give your mother the book, it explains everything, and in detail, this is the one true copy. Declan will be getting a version he thinks is the truth, and he will blackmail the wrong person and they won’t let him see the light of day. I needed a backup in place if my plans to have him killed failed. They will see to it he dies and won’t be a problem to you. The publishers published the one I wrote as gospel. It was a pure work of fiction both ugly and pathetic.
My will is with the solicitor, as are the taped versions of the book, all written with dear Ruth, she was a true friend and has been paid well for keeping my secrets, treat her with kindness, she was kind to a mad old woman in her final days. Jessica do whatever you wish with the money I leave you… Give it to the dog’s home for all I care, I can’t take it with me, best the bitches there get something from this old bitch. Goodbye, and have a sweet life, fill it with love, Grandma.”

“Mom does that mean what I think it means, quick turn on the television.” I did and on screen they were outside Mom’s flat, the reporter is speaking, as I try to take it all in.
“There has been a bizarre, suicide pact of a mother and her son at the house behind us, authorities and the television station received an anonymous tip off that this had occurred last night, around midnight. The police were also called when a person believed to be the woman’s personal nurse, returned home and found their bodies. The bodies are thought to be those of Daniella Ware-Kullberg and her only son, Declan Kullberg, authorities are at present seeking nobody else in connection with this matter, as there were notes left by them both. It is believed they state that they couldn’t live without each other. Daniella Ware-Kullberg was believed to be suffering from a degenerate heart problem and had recently been sent home after the failure to find a suitable heart replacement, and the police are at present looking for Miss Kullberg’s daughter to inform her of their deaths. She is thought to be travelling around England, from her home in America.” I am in shock.
“Holy hell, she killed him Mom, like she said she was going to, shit, Mom. I should have opened this, when I got in the car, we could have saved them.” I was in shock and being hugged to death by Jess.
“Jess we need to get out of here and go home, straight home back to Tucson and never come back here again.”
“No Mom, we are not running away from this, we have done nothing wrong. We need to go to the bank and get these damn boxes.” I cry because it’s then I remember the letters. Ben’s letters, no, that’s why I passed out, it’s impossible?
“Right let me get a shower and change we can go out for breakfast go to the bank, and then call at the police station and sort this mess out. Declan was a nasty, nasty piece of work and deserved what he got, and Mom actually came through for me and did the world and me a favour. How about we fly to Italy after dinner, just pack light and go buy what we need over there, how about it, Milan and the shops?”
“Sounds ace Mom, I need to shower, last one down’s a rotten egg.” We race to the stairs and into our rooms. I wash and change and as ever, she beats me to win the race. I come down the stairs to a knocking on the door.
“I’ll get it Mom.” I hear strange voices.
“Hello young lady is your mother at home? I’m Detective Peters and this is my colleague, Constable Bulmer, we’d like a moment of your mother’s time?”
“Sure, we were coming to see you after we dressed, we woke up to see the news on the television, and it was such a shame we only saw them yesterday, I said to Mom, it was strange her asking to see us for the first time in fifteen years, and all she said was I was pretty, she gave me a kiss, and a letter to tell me to go and see her solicitor. She wanted me to do what I wanted with what she left me, even giving it to the dog’s home if I wished. I am sad that she was so ill and happy too that Uncle Declan went with her, he was so sad because she was dying.” My daughter certainly should be the tribe storyteller.
“Good morning officers? I heard my daughter telling you of our visit to my mother’s yesterday, it was as Jess said very strange. We come all this way for her to tell me my daughter was pretty, and I had done a good job. I was under the impression from what the nurse said Declan had given her the night off, and he would be dealing with the medication, she I think left when we got in the car, along with her secretary. I can’t remember her name. Ruth or Ruby perhaps, the nurse wasn’t introduced, is what the news crews are saying true, and they are both dead?”
“I’m afraid it is yes, they left notes, and had come to a bizarre suicide pact. I believe he injected himself with a lethal injection of morphine and a heroine concoction after he injected your mothers into the drip, and she died peacefully in her sleep, he however had a massive fit, smashing his face quite badly against the bed, in doing so, he also bit off his tongue and it took him quite a while to die, he was a mess. The nurse, a woman called Wendy Price, had remembered something about your mother needing more of her medication, medication she had forgotten to tell your brother about, so she came back early and found them just after midnight. She called the press first and then us, believing they would pay her for the news, stupid woman. Then she tried I believe to call you?” I looked at my phone.
“Yes sorry, I’d turned it off at the theatre, and I’d forgotten to turn it back on, we went to watch The Phantom and didn’t leave there until well gone ten, then we stopped for a meal at the Ivy, where a very nice gentleman saw us to my car. I have a card somewhere.” I reached into my bag, and he made a note of the name and number. “Tell him I was the lady who though he was following her. Is there anything else I can help you with at all? As I said we hadn’t seen my mother or brother since before my daughter was born, and I moved to America to live with my father, I wasn’t even aware she was ill until yesterday, still they died together there’s some comfort in that, he too was troubled with the misuse of drugs and drink?”
“That’s fine Miss Kullberg, we can contact you on the mobile number her nurse gave us, all we needed to know was when you and the two ladies left your brother alone with your mother, and you have confirmed the secretary’s story, the nurse was distraught, but we have yet to interview her officially?”
“My name is here on my card. My name is Sara Nascha Bird.” He smiled and took the card from me. “Will we have to do anything else? I mean obviously, I need to organise their funerals, but do I need to come and identify the body, or something?”
“No, other than could you stay in the country, just until the coroner has finished. The Nurse did the identifications at the scene and on the nightstand, were their suicide letters, with a syringe he used, it had just your brother’s prints on. From what we know, they really had planned it all so very well. I am sorry for your loss Miss Bird.” I shook their hands and saw them out. Relived I think that they weren’t in my life any longer.
“Well come on we need to see to these bloody boxes now Jess, when did you get so good at story telling my girl?”
“I told them what they needed to hear, had they asked me did Grandma leave me anything, I would have given him a letter just not the letter, but he didn’t so I didn’t tell tales. Come on bank and breakfast. Guess this means we are going to have put Italy off for a while, hey Mom?”
“Umm, yes I think so, we can I think still go shooting and hunting, the funeral can’t be held until all the tests have been done, and I will just ask the funeral director to do the arrangements.”
We got to the bank and were talked through security and shown to a room with both the boxes. Moms first and it was filled with her jewels and there were plenty of bonds and shares. It seems mother wasn’t as broke as she had Declan believe. In her box the manuscript to the true story of her life and wow with an offer to send it to print, as the newest version of her book. I had to wonder why, perhaps because the dead can’t be sued for slander? I would have to read it first.
We emptied the box, I opened the lid of my box and took out the envelope, in it a letter a letter with a newspaper in it, he said in his letter he had no idea where Ben was buried, and as far as he was aware, they didn’t bury people who weren’t yet dead? I slumped in the chair and wanted to pass out again, the newspaper was from the day he died, and so I put it in my bag unread, the sick bastard. What did this mean, why was he being so cruel, but now he was doing it from the grave too?
“Mom, is it bad news? You look like you’re going to hurl again Mom, Mom are you alright?”
“Umm, I’m fine, I have a bit of a headache, the joke was on me and it seems he was just telling me what I wanted to hear. Come on we need breakfast.”
“You’re pale Mom, let’s just go home, and have a day staying in. I fancy catching some sunshine on Grandy’s balcony.”
“Sure Baby Bird, whatever you want.” I needed to read those letters, they were from Ben, if they were from Ben that is, or had Declan wrote them to hurt me more.
We went home and after we ate breakfast, I made a few phone calls giving the undertaker their details, and I had to register their deaths, when that was done, we could plan the funeral. I phoned the coroner’s office, and it would be at least a week until they released the bodies to the undertaker, so I packed and told Jess to pack for the Highlands, we were leaving in an hour. I need some good clean air in my muddled head, air to clear away the mess in there. I watched as Jess loaded the stuff in the car. I then went to the gun cupboard and it was empty. I would need to take a trip to the gun club too. We have a secure box there. Grandy never left a gun in the house, especially if she was away more than a few days.
“Right gun club, to get the guns and then Scotland here we come. When we get back, we will get the chemicals and paper and develop the films from when we first got here Jess, yes?” She nodded in agreement. We drove to the club for the guns and the club put in a gun locker in the trunk. I watched as they loaded it all in for me, told too they had been serviced and cleaned regularly, another bill I pay. Shit this having too many places owned, is mind boggling expensive. We did have some nice guns to use though. We set off.
“Do you need something for the journey? I could do with food and a drink.”
“Yeah, sounds like a plan, can we pull over and get supplies Mom?”
“Yes, there’s a supermarket there, I will stop in here with the guns. Will you be alright in there on your own? Take my card and get plenty of water, I am really thirsty.”
“Sure. Mom are you in a stressed ‘I need chocolate kinda mood’?” I laughed she knew me too well.
“Yes, Jess really stressed, get chips too and sugary stuff, fill your basket with things.” I watched as she skipped into the store. My phone rang, so I answered it.
“Hello Sara, can I help you? Hello… Is there somebody there?” There was someone the other end, but nobody was answering. “It’s your dollar, speak… Fine… Don’t talk then, so no speaking? Well then you have a very nice day.” I put it on to charge and turned off the phone. I am not being stressed out about phone calls too. Jess was making her way back to the car.
“Mom, they have really different chocolate here, I didn’t know what to get, so I got all this, we are going to get zits.” Getting in she showed me her stash. “I’ve got some sandwiches too, are you alright Mom?”
“Yes, Baby Bird, it’s been a crazy few days, and I think this trip is just what we need, but we’re not going to get there if we don’t start the journey.”
“Argh, Lao-Tzu says a journey of a thousand miles starts with one step. Mom you look worried, we haven’t done anything wrong. We didn’t know that’s what Grandma had planned, and we did as we were told, and didn’t open the letters, should we tell the police that she gave them us? What will they do charge a dead woman with murder? You’re an attorney?” I smiled, should I tell her what her uncle said?
“Uncle Declan left a note in the box, he said he had no idea where your father was, or where he was buried and as far as he was aware, they didn’t bury people who weren’t yet dead? He is, I saw the newspaper and I have the newspaper it’s in the bag.”
“Mom he was messing with you, have you researched Dad? I have, and I can’t find one who looks like my father, his brothers are on there and his father, the sister died in a traffic crash, but no Ben nor Benjamin Vinci, there are some hot pictures of a Benito Vinci though, a really hot model? I looked for him Mom. Do you not think it was the first thing I did when I found out his name?” I smiled my clever Little Bird.
“The hot model was your father Baby girl. That’s what I thought, he was messing with my head again. Come on as another ancient philosopher said if you don’t put the key in the ignition the car she will not start.”
“Who, what, whoa my Dad was really hot, err I pashed at my father. Who said that about cars, did ancients even have cars?”
“No, but Grandy did. She was ancient enough for you?” I started the car and headed north. “Do you fancy breaking the journey up? By stopping in a nice place halfway there, or drive straight there? It won’t take long. It’s virtually a long road.”
“Mom, the roads here are kinda not that long? Their highways are really a heck of a lot shorter than and not as hectic as those back home. Did you notice that? I suppose we can stop if you want. I wouldn’t mind getting there and getting up early and starting the day fresh there?” I headed up the motorway. Jess passes me some more amazing chocolates. I’d forgotten just how different chocolate tastes here.
We’d been on the road four hours when Jess fell asleep. All that sugar, it’s a small wonder she even can sleep. I had a thought, a crazy thought, what if he was alive? I thought he was last night, the handwritten note, and the letters matched, had he been to the house. Oh my God, I’m having conspiracy theories or was it all just more parlour tricks from Declan perhaps? If he were alive, he would have looked me up. I had to hope so, even if it was just to ask why I left him?
Oh my headaches. I could find out… I would find Charlotte, swallow my pride and ask her? I may even get her to introduce Jessica to Ben’s family, after all she had perhaps the clout to get Jessica in their home, and once they saw Jess they would know she was his, everyone else could see it. How did my mother know what Ben looked like, they never met, she could have had him checked out I suppose? I’d got a photo of him from the internet. Strange happenings in my past were now messing with my future, Jess’s future. We need to sort things out.
“Grandy, why the hell did you promise your Little Bird a trip to Europe? Oh Grandy this is a tangled web the world has weaved for me to unravel.” I change the channel and pull into a motorway service station, just as Jess wakes.
“Are we there yet Mom?”
“No, we need warm drinks and food, more fuel too. I didn’t fill up that’s all.” I park up and we head in. I grab some magazines and mints. After we drink the worst coffee and we eat the worst food I have had in a long time and I have tasted some crappy food in the past, including roadkill stew. Jess too is not impressed. “Fuel and then off, we should be there in two hours Little Bird.” She was looking at the motorway from the connecting bridges and snapping away with her camera. “Here let me take a picture of you?” I took it from her and aimed, and as I focused in on her, doing so I noticed that man again, the man from the theatre and the restaurant. Oh hell, this was now really freaky, what did he say he was called again, Cory, Gary? That was it, Cary Underwood. I had his card. I snapped away as she posed doing the stupid poses her and her friends do. “Come on Jess lets hit the road.” I needed to lose this man, once was freaky twice not so, three times was so something else, so why was he watching me? What was he driving? I will get his plates and have him checked out, Jess went to the toilets, and I made a call. I used the camera and watched as he got in his car, I snapped at the plates. I then phoned Eli.
“High handsome, how’s work?”
“Well hello Boss Lady, why are you ringing to check on us? The place is still standing, but only just.”
“I know this is a strange question, but have you a contact that can get me the registered owner of a British car? I think I may be being followed?”
“Yes, Boss Lady give me the number.” I gave it to him, and he clicks away and ums and arghs. “The car is registered to Vinci Securities, are you alright Sara? Do you need me to do anything else? Sara, do you need anything else?”
“Umm, what, sorry? Need something, yes, sorry yes a full background check and whereabouts of Leonardo Benito Vinci, and a Charlotte Ginsberg, please will you send everything you find to my email, and try not to worry, he may be just looking out for Jess, that’s her grandfather’s company.” He ummed and said he’d work on it. I flicked the phone off, and as Jess came out, I threw her the teddy bear I bought whilst snapping at the man.
“Awe thanks Mom so cute, a Scottish teddy wearing golfing stuff. It will go well with the teddy bear collection.” I smiled. I’d just picked up the first thing I saw.
“Yes… I thought so it’s very cute, now let’s get this wagon rolling.” Jess had done a check on Ben and Benjamin and not Leonardo, the hot model was known as Ben, Benito, and Benny too. I’d never told her his full name, nor did Grandy know it or Dad, they only knew him as Ben. The handwritten letters through the door looked familiar because they were his writing. Shit is he still alive?


Chapter 8:


We arrived just before dinner, and we were shown to our rooms. Jess was very impressed with all the dead animals on the walls. It was massive, I had to tell her she couldn’t do her bull in a china shop thing, not here anyway. I was ignored. Our room was shared, so we fought over the bathroom and then the hair drier. I had forgotten just what hard work sharing was. We dressed for dinner, smart casual, I wore one of my pretty dresses Jess had me buy and she looked really grown up too, when did that happen?
“Mom you look pretty. Your daughter sure has good taste in clothes and those shoes are so perfect.”
“Flattery Little Bird will get you everything. Dinner is served come on that’s what the gongs for.”
“Mom, why do you not date, I wouldn’t mind?” I laughed as I shut the door.
“I don’t and didn’t want to Little Bird, after your dad I never met anyone who filled his shoes so to speak. I think once you find that someone, anyone else is just a poor second choice. I am not saying no to dating, but I haven’t found that one yet.” She looked and smiled.
“I guess that makes sense, sort of. This place is super cool, have you seen the old stuff? The suits of armour are ace and check out the throwing hatchets. Mom, do you think they would let us buy it for Running Bear?” I laugh.
“I highly doubt it Little Bird that was used at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, the Battle between Robert the Bruce of Scotland, and Edward the Second of England, the great battle for Scotland’s freedom from the Sassenachs and is priceless, probably?”
“Correct, that’s been in the castle since the then Laird of the castle went to battle, returning injured. Dinner is being served in just a while, we are waiting on a late arrival of the current Laird, he is stuck in traffic, and being as this is his shooting party it would be rude not to wait don’t you think?”
“It sure would, wouldn’t it, Mom?” I smile.
“It would yes Little Bird.”
“What an unusual name?” I laugh.
“It’s her Grandy’s name for her, sorry let me introduce my daughter Jessica Jay Bird. I am Sara Nascha Bird.”
“Yes, I looked at the register, you both have a bird as your middle name. That’s sweet. Navajo for owl is it not. We have a chap from your region to train the guest on hawking, his daughter is called Nascha too, and a sweet thing she is too. They came and stopped once for a summer, and they moved here, he runs the hawking centre, very popular and worth a visit. He’s a nice man as is his family, they are Sioux. I’m a steward and I run the place when his Lordship isn’t here, anything you need let me know I’m Hamish Kellock, and anything you need, then I’m your man?”
“My father’s family always had a bird as their second name, in the older days they just had their Indian names, but in recent history we are better equipped to survive with a more acceptable first name, as too him being Sioux, and our being Apache, is a little like saying you Scottish, are the same as the Irish, or Welsh, there are similarities, in the Gaelic languages, but regions apart.” He smiled and nodded his head.
“This is a really nice castle you have Sir.”
“Thank you, but it’s not mine, it is the gentleman we’re waiting for! He brings clients down and shoots, and occasionally his family come to stay. Argh, if you would just excuse me our Laird has arrived, oh and on his own, now there’s a surprise? I will speak to you again.” I join Jess as she is looking through the display cases. I go to get a drink and she joins me.
“Mom, this is kinda cool, are you alright you look ill?”
“I’m fine, when you said you looked up your dad Jess, you didn’t look up his proper name, he’s called…”
“… I’m called Leonardo, hello Sara, long time no see?” Thank fuck but shit he’s not dead!
“Mom, Mom, oh Mom, please wake up… Oh, heck Mom, this is weird, please wake up.” I came around, to Jess sat by my side rubbing my hands and face. That was a hell of an illusion, Declan is messing with me from the grave and my mind is all over the place, I could have sworn I heard Ben?
“Jess that was a hell of a dream I had. I need some water, please, what happened?”
“I think my dead father turning up could have been a bit of a shock for you. He’s getting you some ice for your head as you cracked it hard when you passed out. Mom, he’s here and not dead, would you care to explain?” I am helped to my feet and led to a quiet room, Jess joins me, and the others are told to go and eat by the now not dead Ben.
“All that was real, and he’s here? I thought he was dead… Shit Ben is really here. I must be sick, this isn’t happening, Declan’s behind this, he’s an actor, who just looks like Ben? The real one is dead. Shit sorry Jess, are you alright? Has he said anything, why is he doing this?”
“No, well apart from oh crap, then he rushed to get you water and some ice for your head and he is coming back shush…”
“Sorry, Sara but I saw your name in the register, Hamish said you were in there with your daughter, what the hell are you doing here? If you’d have answered the letters or phoned the numbers, we could have done this at home. How’s the head? Hello Jessica, I believe you know who I am?” She looked at him her mouth open and tears coming down her face.
“You’re my dead Father, only you’re here not dead, how? I mean how did that happen? Hell Mom, I feel an f-bomb coming on. He was right, Declan was right, a living man can’t have a grave.” She and I both sat looking at the man before us. I put my hand to his face, and he was warm, he looked like Ben and I looked at him again. I needed to be sick.
“Please, please just wait here both of you, just for two minutes. Please I need to get something, stop here.” I left them and ran to my room, I looked through my bag and grabbed the newspaper and the well-worn old newspaper cutting, which I always had in my diary and went back downstairs. He was there and just as handsome, but even better now, because he was alive.
“Jessica Jay Bird, you will not swear, that’s my next thing to do, young lady. Well, Ben it seems we need to talk, and we have a lot of things to talk about.”
“I have arranged for us to have dinner in the small dining room, we need to talk you’re right. Until I saw Jessica in the gym that day, I had thought you were dead… You were killed in a boating accident in Arizona. I even visited a grave near your place there. Your Dad wasn’t there he was away shooting. Do you know how awful that was?”
“Try being locked away for months, whilst your brother sells your unborn child, then whilst I’m kept prisoner, he shows me a newspaper saying you had been killed, driving off the road with your pregnant fiancée in the car, try that one on for size?” I passed him the newspapers. Which he took from me and looked them both over.
“Mom err this is weird, Dad, both of you please stop it, stop shouting at each other please… I need to get my head around this, talk and sort it all out, please, it seems Dickhead Declan has been very busy. I need to think, because you’re not dead?” She ran off and Ben was going after her.
“No leave her Ben, she will come back, she needs time to adjust, she walks away thinks about thinks and comes back with her head cleared, and deals with it, like her father, I mean like you.”
“She does what I do too? Sorry, I wasn’t sure how this was going to go, I tried to phone you, but hearing your voice. It meant so much to me. Mainly that you weren’t dead, you were there, and I couldn’t speak. For sixteen long years, I have missed you, and I have grieved over you and I have tried miserably to get over you. You’re here and alive, I wasn’t sure how all this would turn out. That day I went to the gym and as I used the rowing machine, the girl opposite was singing as she worked out, she smiled as she saw me looking and asked if I was alright?
I was a little hung over, I’d had you on my mind for a couple of days, because I thought I saw you in the Savoy of all places? Then she spoke in her deep American accent, and as I looked, she reminded me of someone and as I looked at her more, I saw my sister. Then I saw the necklace as she used the step machine, it danced with each step, and I knew who she was. I was so damn confused… How could you have had my child and been dead at the same time? I had you investigated that day, because I had no idea you were still alive?” I’m just staring at him, he’s here and I feel sick.
“You’re alive, Ben, alive oh hell… My brother… He showed me that newspaper and it said you were dead, and I was heartbroken. He’d locked me away from the night I got to Mothers and for nearly five months too. I waited for you to come and rescue me from the tower, it was awful, it nearly drove me mad, the grief the loneliness, the baby and everything was such an effort. I hadn’t told you about you baby, that’s why I was so crabby days before you went back to Italy. I didn’t know how you would take it, or if you would think I’d done it on purpose? I didn’t, I was shocked I was on the pill and having a baby then was way ahead of my plans, but do you remember that bad bout of flu we both had, and I was sick? I must have thrown up the pills.
Ben, you left thinking I was being off with you, but I was just worried about telling you. Then I found you had died, weeks later and I felt like dying too, but I had to get out and save her, he was selling her to pay his drug dealer. You had moved on with Charlotte whilst I was locked away pining for you. I was so angry and confused, because you didn’t wait very long, and had impregnated Charlie too. I escaped and ran to Dad in Arizona and never came back. You were dead, and I had no reason to doubt it, so I got on with living and having our daughter.
I tried to tell your parents, before I had her and after I’d had her. I sent pictures and they just had to look at her because she looks so like you, but they were I thought, busy comforting Charlotte and by then she would have had your baby, they didn’t need my child. They had you back with her child. I was angry that should have been me, they didn’t believe me when I told them she was yours. So after a while I stopped trying, they didn’t want your daughter when they had her child.” I sobbed, oh my days he is here, and he is alive.
“If he weren’t already dead, I would have him killed… This one is the correct version of the story, but this one is a good copy with the fake story, same paper, same date, with the same photo of the crashed car in both copies, but two very different stories.” I took it from Ben it was then I read the newer of the two copies. “I was in a car accident and with Charlotte yes, we were on our way back from Scotland. I wanted to find you I was shocked and surprised you hadn’t come back, and I wondered what was going on? Grandy left a note, ‘gone a travelling, see you when the wind turns’ She wasn’t specific on the time she would be back, and she didn’t say where she was off to. So, I grabbed an equally angry Charlie, and we headed to the castle up there. Declan was very convincing. He said you’d had a re-think about us, it was all too much too intense. You’d decided on ending it with me because I was ashamed of you being a half breed. You didn’t call yourself that, so I knew something was off. I should have realised, but I hadn’t taken you to see my parents, you were right, but not because I was ashamed of you. I didn’t want you to think I was like them.
He asked had I not had your letter or the postcards? You, he said had dumped me by post card, that’s what pissed me off and made me come and look for you nothing seemed right, nothing was how you were with me? He was so snug. I wasn’t admitting that to him that I had got the letters and was heartbroken. He talked on and on about how you were travelling with Grandy and putting me out of your mind. I was in a mess, some of the things he said rang true others didn’t sit right, and then he said you were going to your dad’s place. You’d been gone about three months and no spoken words were had. I just got bloody postcards, as if I meant nothing to you. I had gone looking for you, because I wanted bloody answers, not bits of cards saying, wish you were here?
Yes, Charlie she was pregnant, but not with my child? She had her boyfriend’s baby, Carrington, the model she was seeing from Australia. She lives there now with their son, not mine. The newspaper ran a story about two models getting into a fender bender with a deer, and her being pregnant, but it wasn’t a major news story just a thing in the local rag near the castle. Seeing your version of the paper you must have been devastated Sara. I would have loved to hear that news, being a dad, her dad.” His tears fell. Then he got even weepier. He took a large intake of breath, and blew out the emotions, suppressing the sobs that were there.
“Two weeks after the, castle visit… I get a phone call from Declan, with the news you’d been killed, whilst white water rafting in Arizona? I flew out to see your grave and an elderly woman stood by it and tried to tell me who was lying in the earth, her English wasn’t very good. As I stood there and listened, she said you were a beautiful young girl, you had the soul of a free bird now, a young and beautiful girl, whom the water had taken back, she showed me a plaque, and it clearly said Bird. I laid the flowers cried a lot and flew home the same day. I was desolate for months, you’d left me, and I didn’t know why, then you died? I missed you and was damn angry with you, damn angry. I need to do something…” He leaned over and kissed me, and yes, of course I kissed him back.
“Wow, fifteen years between kisses, is a little too long Sara, I missed those kisses. I need to ask about and see who refused to tell me about my daughter. I will have someone’s head for this, had I known I would have come running back to Arizona and seen my baby girl and her mother. I loved you so much, so very much, when you died a part of me died, you took my heart with you Little Bird, God I have missed you.”
“Ben, have you been watching me? There’s a man watching me, if you are, why?”
“Yes, but not me personally, two teams of my men, why? I’ve been getting background, information on you two. I tried to knock at Grandy’s, but I just sat for an hour waiting for you to come back. I even thought of using my keys, but I haven’t been back in since I saw the grave, it was too much sitting in an empty room, you were everywhere, Grandy was away again. I flew to Italy and was based there for a while, the mews flat was and is too near to where we were once so happy, we were happy weren’t we?” I nodded and smiled because he was here and not dead.
“I left a note and wondered if I should sign it? I decided you’d dumped me once, and that was enough. I just wanted answers, why had you kept her from me. My beautiful Daughter and I was angry again. I went home fully intending to come and see you the following morning, and then all the shit hit the fan about your family’s suicide. I figured you’d still be there when I got back, and you didn’t need me to add to your worries, and as clinical as this sounds, I had to keep this appointment its worth a lot of money, many people's livelihoods are at stake too, there’s so much riding on it.” Jess came walking back.
“So, what happens now, do you want to get to know me, or are you with your other child? Will I be an embarrassment for you?”
“Jessica, you are the only child I have and no you could never embarrass me. I really want to get to know you, fifteen years is a lot of catching up to do.”
“So… What do I call you? Do you want me to call you Ben, Leo or Dad?”
“I would be upset if you called me anything but Dad, after all I am your father and proud to be your father too. Now, we are being called to dinner, join me ladies we still have many questions. You do don’t you Jessica?” She had a look of mischief about her. Oh, he’s going to pay for that.
“Umm, I have loads, like what happens now? Do you marry my mom? Do I get to have your name? Do you know I’m sixteen soon, and it's customary for the dad to buy the spoilt only daughter a massive car and throw her a massive sweet sixteenth party? Then finally, where’s my allowance you own me quite a bit? What do you think Mom?” He laughed loudly.
“Well Jess, you get that attitude from your Grandy, straight for the obvious. Do you remember when I moved into the house with you at Richmond? When you showed me to my room, she laughed and asked, why were we not sharing, did her Granddaughter have smelly breath in the morning?” We both laughed, as Jess blushed, he held my hand as Jess smiled.
“Jess what you have just been given is priceless, Little Bird don’t be greedy.”
“Why did you ask if I was following you Baby, are you being followed?”
“Yes, a man who works for Vinci Securities, he has been in quite a few places I have been, the theatre, the Ivy, and the service station on the way up here. I took a photo and registration number, and it traces back to one of your companies.”
“The securities branch is Paulo’s division that and the casinos. I deal with the corporate takeovers and acquisitions. Eat, please your safe here. I will deal with everything when we have eaten, eat please. I still can’t believe you’re here. Is Jessica named after Grandy then? Stupid question, of course she is, what else would you call her. I was sorry to hear of her passing, the newspaper I read said she died visiting family in Arizona. I presumed she was there with your dad, how is he? Grandy’s home, I have put several bids in for the house as I wanted to buy it, but the owners haven’t got back to me.” I sighed.
“Dad died five years ago, but Grandy was never away from the place, she loved our Little Bird too much to stop away. As to the house, I don’t know its Jess’s too, we haven’t decided really what we want to do with it and all the others.”
“Gheeze Dad, you're all outta luck, we aren’t selling, Mom gave me the choice, so I decided to keep it. I do have a bag full of your clothes you left in Mom’s room. Do you want them back? Sorry, bagged the big baggy tee shirt you left.” He laughed.
“I walked into that room for the first time in fifteen years and it was like a time capsule, everything was where I’d left it, everything Ben. It was like you were coming back and would use your key and come running up the stairs from work and everything would carry on, then our daughter took over, she does that, she is a little bossy.” He laughed, and Jess carried on looking at him.
“I do look like you too, they weren’t wrong. Mom looks at me like she is looking at you now… I have more questions. Love life have you one, where do you live and why didn’t you ask me anymore questions at the gym, what happens now? I wasn’t joking about the name either.” He held my hand tightly as he answered his daughter’s questions.
“I am single, yes I have had girlfriends and dates. I have houses all over the place, this castle and a mews house in London, just around the corner from you. You were taking photos of it a few days ago, you were outside of it, God it was you then? I watched you and wondered what you were doing, but I didn’t get a good look you because you had a camera in your face. Oh, hell where was I? Yes… One in New York, the family estate in Italy, a place on the Seine, oh and a hunting lodge in Canada, not used since I bought this place. You will with your mother’s permission be registered as my daughter, because you are, and do want to add my name to yours, as to marrying your mother, in a heartbeat. I’ve had her ring for nearly sixteen years.
I picked it up from Mom the week I went to Italy, it was my grandmothers, because I was going to ask you to marry me when I got back, there was it seems, a slight delay? You can have a car once you have passed your test, but you will not be spoilt, that Sara may be hard for me not to do. I have a lot of catching up to do, and lord help her when Mom sees her Dad too, because she looks just like Donatella.
My Mom is going to kill you Jessica, with kisses, she is always saying I’m getting too old to give her grandchildren, she’s going to hug you to death. You will both come with me, won’t you, to see them? I need to check into everything. Something’s not right with all this, and that’s without your fucking brother, oh Sorry I dropped the f-bomb, excuse me please Jess? The photographs you sent, the letters, the person who is watching you, who did you speak too, did you get any names Baby?”
“No, they spoke in Italian, I wasn’t sure who or what they were saying, they just said in broken English, send all requests in writing to Marco, a Marco De Rege? He sent a curt letter back saying the family does not recognise me or my child as an heir, and no appointment would be granted. Then the same letter every time I rang him.”
“Argh, he died about fourteen years ago, he and my sister were killed in a tragic accident on their holiday in Jamaica. Their car had a fault, and they plunged to their deaths. So, I can’t ask him. When did you stop asking to see my mother and father?”
“When Jess reached her fourth birthday, but the photographs I still sent every year, but with the fourth lot of photographs I sent a last letter with them. I told your parents I wouldn’t be contacting them again, we wanted nothing, needed nothing and I will send a picture every birthday, so they would know what they were missing, and I have done.”
“His office came under the securities arm of the company. I will deal with it all. Sara, you really are here aren’t you, both of you? Right, I want to know things about you two too. Jessica, Jess what do you like being called? What do you want to do in collage, what do you think of all this really? Sara are you seeing someone, what do you want, do you want anything or need anything?” I laugh as Jess has that look again.
“Umm no Dad, Mom hasn’t as much as looked at anyone else, never has, not even a date for the works functions, normally I go with her! Apparently, no one will ever be as good as you?” Oh, hell she didn’t just go there. “I want to be an attorney, just like my mom. Do you know she is great at her job, and she is up for being a Judge? I love my home at White River, I love my heritage and it means a lot to me to keep it alive. I guess I have to learn about my Italian heritage too, more books to hit. Mom calls me Little Bird more now that The Duchess has gone, before that she called me Little Jay, I love all my names.
I don’t need anything, I get everything I need, we’re not poor far from it. I am what was it the Duchess said Mom? That’s right an independently wealthy young lady. I was joking about the car I have more than enough money to buy one, Mom told me I’m mega rich when I’m twenty-one. I can’t wait to see your home in Italy, you will love the ranch, and do you ride Dad? We raise Mustangs, well they are mainly wild, but my horse, Socks is a bay gelding fifteen hands and beautiful, he is all mine. I trained him with Shiitsooyee, sorry Grandpa? Oh, and I’m still in high school, college next year.”
“Jess, breathe. She’s right we have more than enough money, I did tell your parents that, you knew that too. I love my practice in Tucson and I have a small office on the reservation, Jess wants to run that and she’s always in there helping. We keep busy and I lecture at the university and I own my own firm, the ranch, the Richmond house, the castle here in Scotland, which is currently being sold, we don’t need anything Ben, as Jess said. Ben I’m not sure we could pick up from where we left it, even if we both felt like that and we still cared about each other, we have different lives now, and I can’t see you living on the reservation with Jess and me? Jess will never leave there.” The steward Hamish, from earlier knocked and entered the room.
“Sorry Sir, the staff would like to know if you need anything, it’s getting late?”
“No, Hamish, please send them to their beds, my family and I will be going to bed soon too. Can you see to it that that they are moved to the family wing, please? In the morning whilst we are out shooting will be fine thank you Hamish. We will head up there now. Goodnight, and thank you.”
“Good evening Sir, Madam, and Miss Jessica, cook will do you pancakes, and will get you in some maple syrup, goodnight sleep well. We will move their things tomorrow, Sir.” He shut the doors and as Jess yawned, Ben showed us to our rooms.
“Sleep tight, both of you, I would invite you to my wing, but it’s late and we are up in the morning early, see you both at breakfast?” He leant in and gave Jess a hug, kissing her head and sighing, he seemed to hold on to her forever, she equally didn’t want to let him go.
“Goodnight Ben, I’m sorry for all this, will we see you at breakfast? You have guests you have ignored all night. I wouldn’t want you to lose out on your business deals.” He watched as Jess went through the door. He then kissed me again holding me close, his hands wrapped tightly around me. I kissed him back too, after all if I bloody wake up in the morning and this is all a dream, I at least want to have had a kiss.
“More Baby, I need more I need all of you, you’re mine. There’s nobody here that is as important to me as you and our daughter are to me.”
“Ben, please we can’t do this, it’s too hard. Our worlds are now so very different, we live in different places, you live in a world that’s alien to me and not forgetting you have other people in your life. I would love the more, like you wouldn’t believe, but I don’t know Ben, I really don’t know if this will work, so much has happened to change us?”
“I will wait, and you will be in my bed again, you should never have left it! I never stopped loving you ever, now I will grab a kiss and see you in the morning, for breakfast. I need some quality time with my family.” He kissed me again, and as he did, he smiled. “You so do want me, night Sara. I’ll see you in the morning sleep well, if you can? If you don’t, my rooms are down the corridor, down the steps and through the double doors, my rooms the one at the end…” I laughed and went to bed. That sounds like a plan, but I’m not going there, not yet, but lord I want to. Oh God do I want too. I spent a very restless night, tossing and turning, I am not at all tempted to get my old backside in his bed, well not much.


Chapter 9:


I woke to find Jess was already out, her note was brief, ‘gone for breakfast with Dad, now that I can… It is awesome.’ I laugh, because it must seem so to her, to me it’s bringing me a barrel full of problems. I fired up the laptop the report was there from Eli and I opened it. I read down the pages and all the things about Charlie were true. His though is a different story, he was now head of the firm answering to no one. He owns the company, and he stays the majority of the time in Italy.
There are hundreds of girls not a few. The rumours are rife in the articles I read, that he is about to get engaged to a model, Flavia De Portia, she too is Italian, good looking and twenty-three. So he likes them a lot younger than him, does he? I don’t know why that should surprise me, he’s single, good looking and loaded. What does surprise me is how angry I feel, I’m so jealous, that’s what shocks me the most. I read too that there is hostility within the family, his brother has tried to take over the company twice and failed both times, resulting in Ben taking it over completely. He now has no board to answer to.
He is according to the articles I skim through is a ruthless businessman and some people call him heartless, Ben was never heartless, quite the opposite, what’s going on there? Paulo is hard working, still with Ben’s firm and unlike Ben, he doesn’t seem to have a life other than his work? It’s sad that the brothers seem to be fighting over a company that brings them each, more than enough money to enjoy, and yet enough to keep a small country supplied and running. Why the need for them to have more than they can ever spend?
I also read that there was a suspicion of foul play over his sister’s death and that of her husband. He was rumoured to have connections to some bad people, their death was thought to be to silence him, and there was suspicion too that the brake cables were cut, but there was very little left of them or their car. Hell, oh my oh my more drama I don’t need. No wonder he’s jumpy about our safety. Jess did look more like his sister, strangely even more like her, than she does her father, it’s quite alarming. I fire off my thanks and tell him all is fine, that we are reunited with him and he has met his daughter. I wash and change and dress for the days shooting, lord I need a kiss, is that so wrong of me? I need to ask him about Flavia too, I don’t want to step on anyone’s toes or come between them. I head down to have breakfast with the two people I love most in the world.
“Morning you two, why were you up so early Jess. Good morning Ben.” I leant in and kissed their cheeks.
“Morning Mom, you didn’t sleep so well? Are you not feeling too well? Dad has been filling me on the things I need to know about the family.”
“Did you not sleep well? I slept very well knowing you were here and safe under my roof. You should have woken me, I could have stopped up with you talked, perhaps reminisced, you know whatever it took to get your mind back in the game?” I grab a plate and eat from the buffet breakfast and I look back at them, and they look adorable sat together. I pinch my arm, ouch, yep this is still not a dream. I opt for a plate full of kedgeree and toast, when I get back, he pulls out my chair and kisses my neck.
“Thank you, do you bring Flavia up her very often?” I don’t look up now that I have asked the question, I’m afraid now I’ve asked it, to hear the truth.
“Yes, she came a lot whilst we were dating, as did a few of the other women in my life. You have been looking into me too?”
“Why would that surprise you? I needed to know what our daughter is getting into, as I said, the lives we lead are so very different, mine is Jess and my practice, yours is models and money, getting more of it and the models seem to be young pretty things?”
“Had we been allowed to continue Baby it would have been your life too. I was single Sara, lonely and single. I have had a lot of friends in my life, some, well if I’m honest, most are just that, friends. Some wanted more than I could and would give, some were in it just for what they can get. Flavia was one of them. There has been no one who ever meant as much as you did, though Flavia’s people set about a crazy story we were closer than we were. I can promise you rumours of my impending nuptials to her are wildly exaggerated.” I look at Jess as she eats, she is plugged in and has missed the whole Flavia talk, I nudge her to take catch her attention and to take them out.
“Gheeze Mom, what do you want? When are we are going, I need to put my warm stuff on and my shoes, though I had fun sliding up and down the ballroom floor Mom, will you do it with me later? Go on you know you want to?”
“Umm, shiny floor and fluffy socks, count me in Little Bird that sounds like fun. We could ask your Dad to you make the big staircase into a cardboard slide too?” He looks shocked.
“Mom does a mighty fine dance routine like Tom Cruise to the dance from Risky Business, she’s kinda hot too. The cardboard slide is something she did for sleepovers, my friends love coming to stop with us, I have one fantastic Mom, have you seen her ride?” She made him blush, as I look up, he winks.
“I haven’t seen her ride, but I bet she looks hot too. You have to show me the dance Sara. As to the staircase, we can go one better we had an American family hire it, the castle, for the summer. It was wet a lot, so the girls got a little fed up, and they had some sort of plastic slide pieces made to fit it, they’re in the cellar. Apparently, it was pretty damn dangerous. Hamish went a hundred miles an hour down it, it’s on You-Tube. I think it’s called ‘Crazy Scots Screaming Guy on a Slide’. It is quite popular apparently? He would relish the chance to get it out again, wouldn’t you Hamish? The big slide thing Miss Trudy had you ride?”
“Yes Sir, but if you remember, I had that written into my contract never again to slide down the staircase, but if Miss Jessica wants it putting in, we can see. They are telling me you need to be ready at the door in ten minutes Sir. Your guns Miss Bird are already in Sir’s Range Rover. Sir yours have been cleaned and are ready, the beaters are already and hopefully you will have a good day. Strathmore is positive your guests will not be disappointed, does Miss Jessica wish to stop here?”
“No thanks Hamish, I have my guns ready too, I feel the need to shoot.”
“As you wish Miss Jessica, Sir, Madam...” He went to organise or do whatever the steward does. He’s more like a butler in a kilt.
“You shoot Baby, and you too Jess?”
“I was raised with the knowledge that if we don’t shoot, we don’t eat. I have been hunting since I was really young. It’s all a big part of who we are as a people and we are known as hunter gatherers and warriors. Mom shot a mountain lion, it nearly had me for lunch, it scared the crap out of me, and then bam, one shot and it was dead as a Dodo.” He looks horrified.
“She was never in danger, she means too much to me for anything to happen to her, besides we weren’t alone there were at least three others with it in their sights. I was just the one who happened to get it, she is never in any danger she is well loved our Daughter, her Grandfather was so proud of her, his little renegade mark two.”
“So, I should have money on you bagging a few birds then? I still can’t believe you’re here. When Clive said he’d filled the two spots to a couple of women, never did I expect it to be you two? Apparently, the others dropped out minutes before you asked him about it. It was you that day, at the Savoy, I was there sorting it out with them? Sara, this is meant to be.” I smile.
“I thought I saw you too, but I put it down to a lookalike, after all the dead don’t walk the streets. Oh Jess, Dad can watch your films with you.” I laugh, the full box set too he owes me. “The grave you visited was of a young girl of fourteen, she was the one who died. She was called Tallulah Bird. She was a very distant cousin and died whilst I was locked in the tower. He planned his revenge well Ben, frighteningly so. Did you get the car checked after your accident? I know I’m paranoid, but did you?” He studied me.
“I did yes, and it was my fault. I span in the rain, to avoid a deer. We, Charlie and I were arguing about where to go next, and she was convinced what Declan had told me was a lie. It turns out she was right. Did you read the report on Marco’s and Donatella’s death then? It was looked into, and we are more careful now. I am going to be more so now with you two to look after, you will have to have a minder too, that’s not a request either. I need you both to be safe.”
“Dad, we are being called to go.”
“Right jump in ladies, we have dinner to kill. The cook here is great, and nothing is wasted, it feeds the staff and is distributed to the villagers, and the dogs get fed well too.” We drive for about half an hour, and as I look across at him, he smiles. “I am still here and I’m still alive Sara, stop smiling. Jess are you going to be warm enough? There’s a scarf in the back there, sorry it’s one of mine.”
“Gheeze, I’m fine, you’re going to have to stop fussing, and I’m sorry to break it to you Daddy. I’m all grown up.” He sighs. I see the hurt in his eyes. It’s not as if I did it on purpose. I put my hand on his leg and give it a squeeze. He looks at it and places his hand on it.
“Jess I’m sorry, it will take me a while to get used to this dad thing. Have you had any thought as to when you want to go to Italy, the jets ready as soon as we need it? Mom wanted to be on the next flight over, in fact, when we get back to London, I expect them to be there. I am giving you the heads up, she will cry an awful lot, and her English is not too good either.” I smile as Jess speaks in fluent Italian.
“Dad, it’s fine, Mom had me learn. She speaks it too, she had to because apparently, the arses she spoke to, all of them said they didn’t understand her, so she learned Italian, just so she could understand what they were saying. I have a very clever Mom, haven’t I?”
“You have learnt Italian? You always said you would learn it. Your Mom was convinced when I spoke to her in Italian, I was actually telling her off, so she said she would take lessons. You had Jess learn too?” It seems I did well.
“She represented an old man who needed some legal work done and he couldn’t afford to pay, so she bartered Italian lessons for winning his case. He was a sweet old man.” Pulling into the woods, we got out of the car and joined the rest of the party to go through safety talks.
“Are you alright Jess?” She was looking at her gun and checking it over, grabbing the cartridge holder, she then filled her pockets and smiled.
“Fine, these are pretty guns Mom, have you seen the engraving on them, they are all little birds.”
“They are Purdey’s and a matched pair too, someone has great taste in guns? Are you going to be alright Jessica?”
“Yes, Dad fine.” I smiled this is going to be murder he is going to panic, his little girl can shoot and well too, he will be fine. I hope. I would hate for him to have a heart attack so soon.
“Stop worrying yourself, are you taking flank, or would you like me to? Can this lot shoot and walk or are we standing, or butt stick?”
“Standing, or in most cases sitting on a shooting stick dear, butt is frowned upon.” I umm, best he doesn’t panic too much, he would panic more with Jess walking within their shot, so I made her stand. The line is established and as the beaters did their thing, the line suddenly started firing. I watched as he fired his gun and I smiled as I looked over at Jess, God this is a dream, they are both here… They are here and I am happy too.
“Right Little Bird lets show these English folks, how we do it in Arizona.” I took aim watched the birds flight, I focused and putting my cheek to the stock fired and hit the birds, the dog ran as I fired again and again, the second fell and then the third and the fourth, I re-load, and as they fly I focus, fire and watch them fall, the dogs are kept busy. Jess is smiling as Ben stops and watches as she takes her shots, she fires and he watches as her birds fall and as she hits them, she laughs. Loading again and as she aims at next bird, the next shooter, the stupid bastard at the side of her, turns to shoot in her direction, she ducks as he narrowly misses her.
“Are you fucking serious man? Don’t ever do that again, gun forward never to the side, never do that again, watch the bird, focus on it alone, see it and shoot to the front. Not the side, if it flies to the side, choose another and leave it. Never do what you have done again, are you alright? I’m fine, please don’t panic.” I watch as she shows him what to do. The whistles stop the shoot, after what seems an age as the dogs are in need of water, and we need a drink.
“You weren’t joking you do know what to do Sara, Jess too, so I guess her now very grey haired Dad has nothing to panic about? Gerry, you nearly killed my daughter. Watch it, she’s irreplaceable to me.”
“I wondered if she was a relation, Leo, she’s so like you. Sorry little lady, first time shooting the real thing. Clays don’t move like these little buggers. Who taught you to shoot?”
“My Mom, she’s good and I’m sorry I swore at you.” I had bagged myself a fair few birds. Jess was now busy helping the beaters with the dogs, she fed hers her pie. I laughed as she played with them, they are her Achilles Heel dogs, and she loves them.
“She is great Sara, really great. I was about to take Gerry’s head off his shoulders.”
“It’s a good job we weren’t walking and shooting. You would have turned even greyer.” We had an enjoyable day, but things were still a little weird between Ben and I, with Jess it was easier. They just went with the flow, chatted, laughed, fooled around, he’d pick her up spin her around, he was enjoying doing Dad stuff I suppose? I was feeling even more confused, pent up lust was an understatement, it had been sixteen years since I’d last had sex and God my body was waking up from a bloody long hibernation, into what I can only describe as bordering on a case of bad nymphomania? If he offers it, I am taking it and giving him more, I need him and soon.
Arriving back at the castle Hamish told us our things were in our rooms, Jess went in search of her stuff, as she did she was like the usual bull in the same china shop, doors are flung open until she found hers. She was having a bath and excused herself, saying she was due some catch up time with her friends at home, and desperately wanted to show them her hot dad, blushes from Ben as she told him this. She shut her door telling us she’d see us at dinner.
“We have been dismissed by our daughter. So, do you fancy seeing your room? This way Sara, I think you will like it.” I saw that look, he’s had my stuff put in his room, and he led me by the hand to his rooms.
“You presume this is what I want Ben, just to jump back in? No asking, just doing it?” He stopped me talking by kissing me, oh hell, don’t stop please don’t stop, and as the clothes came off, we continued to kiss.
“Tell me no and I stop Sara.”
“Hell, if you do that, I will kill you.” He picked my now naked body up and carried me to his bedroom, I didn’t care what it looked like, I needed him, badly. He placed me in his bed, and as he leant down to kiss me, I pulled him towards me. I noticed he was a hell of a lot better built in the body department, much improved and even sexier without the clothes spoiling the view.
His kisses I devoured, as he touched my body with his. I sighed as his kisses moved down my body, he kissed my heaving breasts, as my heart began beating faster and as he moved down my body, he got to the scar and kissed it continuing downwards making me writhe under him. He then got to that place, and as he did, I cried out in sheer pleasure, oh hell was it always so good, yes of course it was... As he worked my body into a quivering wreck, he started to lap at my sex, as if he’d never been there before. I threw my hands over my face as I came and hard. I was a shaking wreck as I screamed his name over and over.
“Oh hell I missed this Sara, I’d forgotten how passionate you get, please can we?”
“If you don’t, I will kill you. Now, now please, now?” He moved up my body and as he entered me. I cried, he was there, he was here with me, oh hell there were no words to describe the need I had. We were as one as he moved within me, I succumbed to him again and again, his body riding me like a wave, his firm dick giving me the pleasure my body had long since forgotten. His control was impressive as he spent down kisses to my lips. We rolled around on his bed grappling to control the game, he was beneath me as I rode him, and hard, circling on top of him, my hips moving in time with his as he began thrusting upwards.
“I’m coming oh hell Sara move it, please God move it now, harder, faster Baby now, now, now…” I climaxed just as he screamed out my name, as he clung on for dear life. Crying real tears, he was sobbing and kissing me. He held me tightly and as I lay at his side, he covered us in the comforter. Wrapping me in his arms, for the after-sex-cuddle I’d always liked. He scooped me into those arms and held me tightly. “That was more than overdue Sara, oh hell I missed you. I want you in my bed every night and forever. I know you said no, but please think about it. We complete each other and don’t tell me you don’t think that too?” I snuggled into his chest and kissed it.
“I love you Ben, I never stopped, I can’t stop loving you, and I never did stop. Now shush I’m not as young as I was.”
“You could have fooled me, you were the same as you always were, oh so nice to be inside of, warm and God so good. You want to marry me don’t kid yourself.”
“Guilty as charged, I always did.” I fell asleep in his arms as he kissed my head. I woke to the sound of running water, I grabbed the sheet around me and as I did there was a ring on my finger? When did I agree to this? I know he hypnotised me with his sexual prowess, but this I can’t remember agreeing to. I went to find the reason for the ring being on my finger. It was the prettiest and yet most unusual ring I’d ever seen. Two square diamonds, separated by a row of square sapphires, they continued down the sides, the sides were a filigree of four diamonds on each side, with tiny diamonds seeming to hold the bigger ones in their place.
“When did we get engaged?”
“As soon as I had you back in our bed. I asked, and you said yes. Our Daughter is instant on it too, I don’t think she was too surprised to see you asleep in my bed? In fact, she saw the ring before you. I asked her this morning, if I could ask you. She, by the way, said yes, as did Grandy before I went to Italy the last time. She said it was about time, we’d lived sinfully long enough.” I ummed and got in the bath.
“So, we discussed that for a long time? Where do we live, my businesses, the houses, your parents, America, Italy, England, there are plenty of questions and my headaches with them.”
“We will sort it all out, I can retire, and I think sixteen years’ worth of missing you is enough to give everything up for Sara. I love you, and I never stopped.” I watch him as he shower’s and I lower myself into the inviting bubbles.
“I accept, but what happened to the down on one knee thing?” He laughed.
“You had me weak at the knees four hours ago, now if you want the whole romantic gestures? Leave it to me, but for now will you marry me Sara?”
“I already said yes, besides would hate to let your daughter down, she sulks far worse than you do Ben.” He came out of the shower dripping sex from every pore. Oh my. “Ben, we need to talk, and I mean talk, this is bigger than just you me, we have Jess to think about, she’s complicated and head strong.”
“No, it’s not, you me and Jess are all I care about, everything else is just background noise you two are the verses, and I’m the chorus and together we make a damn fine song.” I smile. We do sing a harmonious song alright. Especially when having S.E.X!


Chapter 10:


We went down to dinner as the gong sounded, Jess was already down and was apparently in the kitchen, and as Ben walked with me to find her, he brought me into his arms and kissed me again.
“We are alright, aren’t we? Is this, is this what you want, to have me back in your life? Don’t just do it for Jessica, I will be there for her whatever you decide.” Ben looked so happy, but there was worry there too.
“Yes, I do want to be with you, and I always have done. I have from the first time we made love, to screaming for you in the tower, to the moment I had Jess. You were all I had ever thought of, but as soon as I had her, my priorities changed. She became the focus of all my attention, she had to be. Now I get to share her with you and share the love I have between you both. I have never stopped loving you Ben ever, we just have so much going on in our lives for us to just start playing happy families, it is going to be very hard to do, you do understand that, don’t you?”
“We’ll find a way of working things out Sara, I will make this work we will make this work together. I will give up everything, she, sorry you both mean everything to me. We’ll get this funeral out of the way and go away, just we three. We will take the boat and sail away? Get to know each other again, not that getting to know you earlier wasn’t nice, very nice in fact.”
“I doubt Jess will like the boat idea, she’s not a water person. She likes her feet firmly on the ground, but yes, we spend some time together and decide things slowly. It’s not like we have to get married, we’re a little too old to be told we have to, and Jess isn’t a baby.”
“Oh, but we have to get married Jess insists, as does Mom! Sorry, she insists and in fact she would like to do it at home when we go back. I think she’s already planning it.”
“Ben, what happened to slow and easy? You are railroading me into this, you and our daughter are going to be murder together. Come on dinner, I’m starving, and we are being watched.”
“She just wants to know if you said yes or not, you did say yes and mean it, didn’t you?”
“It seems I did and yes, and I meant it, you got me in a good mood and for some strange reason, my resistance was at best minimum? Dinner, your guests need your company too.” With that, Jess came bounding over.
“Well, are my parents getting married and making me legal? You did say yes Mom, I said you would say yes, please Mom tell me you said yes?”
“I said yes, happy? You two had better not keep ganging up on me.” They both laughed as I walked off, they really are birds of a feather and as we make our way to the dining room there’s pandemonium happening in the hallway. I turn to see an entourage of people bags and commotion and in the centre Flavia De Portia. Oh my God, she’s stunning.
“Darling have my bags taken to our room. Leo the staff say I was not expected, but you sent me an email asking me to join you, and I haven’t been here in age’s darling. Oh, I see you are seeing to the guests, I will wait. Do I get them to take my bags to our room?” I smile as Jess gets the look. Oh hell…
“Dad who is she? I’m sorry you are? No matter, I’m Jessica his daughter and not a guest and my father, as you can clearly see, is here with my mom.”
“She jokes, no? You never wanted children, you never said you had children? Who…? When did this happen, who is her mother? Did you forget we are getting married? Your email said we were to sort things out?”
“Flavia, stop right there. I never promised you anything of the kind, you are welcome to stay, but as a guest and for the one night, it’s too late to be going back to wherever you came from? My Daughter and Fiancée are in my wing, my family and I are having a few days relaxation. The staff are correct, your booking was cancelled months ago, and your office were made aware of it, as were you. I never sent you an email I haven’t done for a while, it’s been months since we last saw each other, and I made my feelings quite clear then, both in person and by email. There was no engagement and definitely no wedding of any sort planned or unplanned.”
“Two months ago, no, try just over a week ago? Did you forget the session at the Savoy? Don’t be foolish, you don’t want her? You can’t be serious?” I’m mad, because that was when I saw him, or thought I saw him at the Savoy, was he there with her?
“I will leave you to it, it seems you have things to discuss. Jess leave your father to it. He will sort it all out.” I grabbed Jess’s hand and I walked her to the dining room, leaving them to it.
“Mom, are you mad leaving her to get her hooks into him? She will be all over him. Mom stop, we can’t leave them together?”
“Jess, he will be with us as soon as he sorts her out, all this has happened so quickly, and he still has loose ends to tie up, and if he wants her then he doesn’t need me, but he will still be your father when push comes to shove Little Bird.”
“I don’t know Mom. She looked like she meant business. My Dad’s quite a catch you know?” I laughed. She was giving her father the look. Lord, help him because she’s getting pissed off with the whole situation, and our daughter is on tenterhooks.
“Jess, please stop worrying he will be back, come on your mom’s a little bit hungry.” I was worried yes, because I’m not stupid. I know she’s stunning, but I also saw the look in his eyes when he saw her, the sheer panic. He’s not going anywhere… I hope? We take our places at the table, as Jess is looking towards the door, the food is delivered, the first course is wonderful, but Jess still hasn’t eaten. I nudge her to eat and she reluctantly does.
“Mom are you not worried, he’s been out there forever?” I shake my head, no. I would be a fool if I weren’t, but I had to trust Ben and try settle Jess down. I had to hope it was as he’d said that I am all he needed, well Jessica and me, and I pray I am not making a mistake. The second course is the pheasant, not ours because this has been hung for a while and is really good. Poor Jess again looks towards the doors. I am starting to get a little nervous now too. When the doors suddenly open, and he takes his seat apologising to everyone for being late.
“Sorry about that Sara, you too Jess, now eat please Jess. Please don’t worry, she and her party have gone to their rooms. It seems she was correct. She was sent an email asking her to come to stay. I was checking to see if she was lying and it seems she wasn’t, she was sent an email and it seems to have come from my office this morning. Sent whilst we were out shooting, so I know I didn’t send it, which means if I didn’t, who did? Jess eat your food, it will be getting cold, eat please? Are you alright Sara? Please eat.” He is worried, so is Jess. I give his cheek a kiss, and he relaxes. Then he kisses me back, Jess at last relaxes too.
“I’m starving, all that fresh air has given me an appetite. How about you Jess, are you not hungry? Ben stop worrying, you will sort all the mess out. It may be someone having fun at her expense knowing I was here with you, who did she piss off at your office?” He laughed.
“Everyone at some point, but how would they know you were here and were with me? Yesterday I was just spending the weekend with clients, you were down on the booking as last-minute replacements, it just said in the diary two female guests of the Savoy. No names were in the book and until yesterday we hadn’t met, not until I walked in saw Jess and interrupted your weekend?” He laughed as he said it too. I looked at Jess she was eating again. She thought the damn hot model was competition for his affections… I don’t think she is willing to share him just yet.
“No, they knew who we were, because Clive rang the office Ben, and he gave our names. I heard him quite clearly, your secretary made a joke about our hippy names. Perhaps someone is messing with you, what about your secretary, do you trust her?”
“Yes, she was with Dad for years, she has another assistant Bella, and she’s a little strange? I catch her all the time mooning over at me. She doesn’t know about you and our past, but Delphia did. She would have recognised the names and said something to me. So perhaps Bella wrote the entry in the diary. This is getting quite weird and wacky. It seems we have ourselves a conundrum Baby? Jess we are going to Edinburgh tomorrow and going to visit the castle. We’re taking your mom’s car back to the hire place too and spending the day together just we three, is that alright?”
“We are? Great Dad, yes that will be fantastic. I need some more film and a warmer coat too, Mom, can I have a new coat, yes?” I am looking at him and wondering was he always so in control?
“Why am I taking the car back?”
“We can take mine back to London and having two cars mean we will be separated, and you can use one of mine for the rest of your trip. I intend to spend as much catch up time with you two as is possible.”
“I have a car at Grandy’s, in fact I have two. She still has the banana wagon and my little red mini.” He laughs, as he does his eyebrows rise. I wonder if he remembers breaking down that night and keeping warm in the back seat. Then he laughs.
“Did it not breakdown the last time we were in it? Damn piece of junk, it was cold as hell and it took them hours to get to us. Remind me why were we in the middle of nowhere again?”
“We were on a hike in the Lake District, because you were getting lazy, and as I recall we were warm enough snuggled in the back seat.”
“Ewe Mom, Dad no sex talk, please, Daughter in the room, impressionable ears and all that? Besides, so not cool Mom talking about sex with your parents.” Jess is as red as a post box and so too is Ben. I just laugh.
“That reminds me, boys. Do I have to have a talk with any?”
“Ewe, no Dad, and you’re not ever going there, I swear I thought you would be a cool Dad.”
“Umm, I will be a damn protective Dad, because nobody is hurting my Little Bird. Now what did you think about the shoot?”
“Fine, but I can’t wait to go deer hunting, it was a little tame the standing and just shooting. Mom said you would have had a kitten if we did it whilst walking. You would be so nervous if we did it on horseback.” He agrees, as he does the late guests join us, she really has pushed the boat out. The dress is very revealing. Jess scowls, Ben smiles and as he does, he winks at me.
“Now that’s overkill, and I’m not turning the heating up. She will be throwing a jacket on soon enough. Right Jess, desserts what do you want? The cook made you a very sticky chocolate cake, apparently, you told her it was your favourite and she made you it. Unusual that, she never makes my favourite desserts?” I watched as Jess and he settled down and their laughter was heard throughout the room. It is so real, he is here, and I am happy! Jess is in her element and Ben, Ben is back, and yup the pinch I gave myself again, it still hurts.
I drank the wine and listened to Ben’s guests. They were all part of a company he was hoping to acquire, they were only here because at the tenth hour they had heard he was breaking the company up and selling it off, something he’s known for doing these days, which shocked me, he seemed to have turned into his father were business was concerned? He did a lot of soothing of nerves and I watched him as he spoke, and I feel a sense of pride in my man and his work as he soothes and calms them all. He knew what he was doing, he knew what he was saying, and as he rattled off facts and figures, they accepted the fact that certain things had to go.
Some parts had to be made in the Far East, but the mainstay of the company would be the upgraded assembly shipyard here, for the outfitting and the customising of the yachts. All to the customers own requirements and it would still be here in England, in the old shipyard they already had, only upgrading everything for the custom yachts they built. My God he builds yachts now too? I need to know what his job involves, I knew he bought and sold land and buildings, but building yachts too? I just presumed he was a realtor. I yawned.
“Go to bed Sara your tired, please Baby? I will join you in a while. I will see to Gerry and his party, then come and join you later? Jess are you stopping here with your old Dad?”
“Nah sorry I’m tired too, we have a lot to do tomorrow, is it alright if I go up too?”
“Sure Jess, do you want me to tuck you in?” She laughs as he says it in all honesty.
“If you want, you can stop by and say goodnight. I’m going to upload the photos I took today, and then chat to my friends and go to sleep. Mom stopped tucking me in years ago.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“See you later then, sweet dreams Little Bird.” We went to bed and as we passed Flavia, she smiled, dream on woman he’s all mine. I had a red hot shower and waited for him in bed and I fell asleep reading. I woke who knows when, as the book clattered to the floor. I looked to my side, and there was no Ben, then at the clock, it was saying it was four in the morning. I went in search of him, and oh hell I wish I hadn’t. I saw him alright coming out of my old room, his jacket in his hand and smiling. I rushed back to our bed and lay back down, pretending to be asleep. He came in undressed and got in the shower, obviously washing the sex from him, I was so angry at my stupidity, he wanted Jess not me.
Why had I been so naïve, why would he want a half-breed Indian, when he could have her, the ravishing young Italian model? He came in after a while, I pretended to be sleeping, obviously it’s Jess he wants not me. He slipped between the sheets kissed my head and slept, his arms holding me to him, and I struggled to get sleep, knowing what I knew. He was still sleeping when I left him. I was confused, and I needed to get out of here and far away and as soon as possible, but leaving Ben would upset Jess, what was I going to do? As I got to the dining room, the guests, including the model and her friends are having breakfast. She smiled over at me, and as she did, she gave me a look.
“Leo has said we can stop for a few more days if we want. I think I would like to join the hunt, it looks like it could be fun. What do you think Jamie? Should we accept Leo’s kind offer of a few days here?” I smiled at Jess and I grabbed my breakfast as she watched, so I eat when stressed, shoot me bitch. The model was drinking black coffee and smoking. I looked at her and smiled.
“Jess would you be upset if I went back home, there’s a problem on the ranch and the case they are working on has hit a major problem? You can stay for the summer with your father and I will get back as soon as I can?”
“No Mom, I wouldn’t like that, at all and I know Dad wouldn’t either, he’s so happy you are back in his life and he has me too. Why can’t Uncle David do the work on the case and I’m sure the ranch hands and Cane can sort out the problems at the ranch, they did when Shiitsooyee was alive and to be honest Mom you have never had to deal with problems at the ranch. Why are you running away Mom, because of her? You don’t have anything to worry about Mom, I came down for a drink because I couldn’t sleep, you know, because it’s so exciting getting a Dad? Dad and me, we talked and talked, sorry Mom, but we talked nearly all night too, in his study. She tried to come in and interrupt, but Dad sent her away with a flea in her ear and she went to drown her sorrows. When we finished talking, we saw her, you should have seen her Mom, she was so drunk it was hilarious. She’d passed out in a drunken heap, at the bar and she’d been sick everywhere Mom.
Dad had to carry her to bed, not a pleasant task for Dad, because she groped him, and I sort of slapped her hands away from him. He put her to bed and oh boy it was funny, well for me not Dad, ‘cos he was kinda embarrassed, she was pulling him into her bed, so he just threw her down. I offered to clear up the mess, because he needed a shower, he stunk as she had thrown up again and all over him this time, as well as on her bedroom floor. We stopped and cleared her room, as she snored.
Dad laughed as I swore in Italian at her, she said I was to go away, I was the old whore’s bastard. I said no she was so wrong, because I knew who my father was, and she wasn’t having him. He belongs to my older than her, but nicer than her, Mom. We’d already cleaned the bar up, and then the sick in the bedroom he stank. I’m surprised the smell didn’t wake you, he offered to wait for me and tuck me in. I said get a shower he needed it. I stripped the skinny Italian and made her comfortable, placing a sick bucket at the bed side and then I went to bed.”
“You were with your dad all night? He didn’t spend time with her?”
“No, he doesn’t like her like that I asked him. He just said they had sex nothing else and he had sex with her over a week ago, because he was hammered. Apparently, it was the day he thought he saw you. When he actually did see you that day? Well he, sorry, they had sex, he even remembered calling her Sara. Apparently, that got him a slap, he was still hung over when he saw me at the gym too, he’s been drinking a lot since that day. He didn’t want anything else with anyone else.
He wasn’t over you, but he said he had certain needs. Yes Mom, we discussed everything. He didn’t believe me when I said you had only ever been with him. He really was shocked too that you’d stayed faithful to him and was and is so sad he hadn’t. I told him not to be stupid, no two people are the same. Also, that between your work, training, the ranch, me, Grandy and Grandpa, you didn’t have much time for socialising. You two need to talk Mom.” My heart was fit to burst.
“I will do Jess and they can deal with the problems, it’s what we pay them for, and if we stop here…” She squealed. “…If, we stop here they will have to get used to it. I need to go and wake your father and I may be a while Jessica Jay?”
“Ewe Mom, please remember the conversation about no sex talk, me, the Daughter, is at that impressionable age. Go make me a brother or sister, Dad wants more kids and I want more too?”
“Oh my God, tell me you didn’t discuss that too?” She nodded, and I left the room. The Italian was at the bar…
“Oh Flavia, I didn’t introduce myself yesterday, I’m Sara and you’re welcome to stop as long as you want in our castle, but if you are sick again, you or one of your minions clear it up and I will be sending you the bill for cleaning Ben and our daughters clothes, and your more than welcome to come on the hunt. I’m a crack shot, I may enjoy teaching your skanky young arse a thing or two, we old whores can do that you know. Oh, Ben and I are engaged and sorry you’re not invited to the wedding.” I nearly ran up the stairs. As I opened the door, he was waking so I stripped off, and jumped in the bed. I was so relieved, why did I think so lowly of him? I snuggled into him and kissed his nose.
“Good morning Baby, this is a nice way to wake up, come here I know a better way a much better way.” I giggled as he tickled me and laid on top of me, looking into my eyes. “I love you Sara, so much I can’t believe your still here, and this isn’t a dream. I want to marry you and soon, we, Jess and I had a long, long talk last night and we have decided she wants more siblings, can we… Well can we start working on some, because I’m not getting any younger Baby, and I do want to give her everything she wants.” I laugh as he kisses me again.
“Sounds like a plan, being as I’m not actually on birth control, I never had the need after you, and well, you were too carried away to ask, when we did it yesterday. Consider this the start of trying but beware I’m really cranky when I’m pregnant and believe it or not, bad tempered.”
“Umm so what are we waiting for?” We spent a very enjoyable few hours having really loud and frantic sex, it was fantastic and as we showered, he held me tightly. I nearly ran away from this, was I mad? He still loves me, and I can finally see it for myself.
“Ben, we, Jess and I are moving to Richmond, Jess wants it and I think I do too, but the holidays we spend in Arizona, at the ranch and Jess when she goes to university it will be there. I will make the other four guys partners of the firm and I will retire. It seems I may be concentrating on having a bigger family, are you alright with that?”
“Yes, but I can give my position to Paulo, he has always wanted it. I don’t need the money and I only worked as hard and as long as I did to fill the void you left.”
“No, there’s something funny about Paulo and I can’t put my finger on it, I know I only met him the once, but there’s something niggling me about him! Give me time and I will remember what it is, but for now you continue being the man that you are, and we will work around you. That is until we sort this mess we call our life out, but you and Jess are all I need to be happy. Come on we have a daughter, who’s itching to go see another bloody castle.” We dressed and went down, just in time to see Flavia and her entourage leaving, good riddance to bad rubbish, after an air kiss of Ben’s cheeks she left and as we waved her off. I smiled, because he looked damn relieved too.
“Right, one cuckoo removed from our nest, and my family are off to see a castle in Edinburgh. Hamish has taken your car to the city Sara, and he has taken the gun safe out already, your guns are in the safe here, if that’s alright? All your sickly, sweet mess is out of there too, and he had it cleaned, you two ate some crap coming up?” I stare into his eyes and swoon. He said his family. We are doing this for real, it’s no longer the dream I have had for years, but is happening. “Sara, I asked you what sort of food, did you eat coming up here Baby?”
“Sorry I was miles away Ben, I blame Jess she loves English chocolate.”
“I don’t know Baby there was an awful lot under the driver’s seat?”
“So, okay, I may be a little into chocolate again, so yup, I’m guilty as charged, your honour I am a chocolate junkie. Come on then let’s go. Jessica Jay come on, we’re ready.” She came running out of the bar smiling, jumped in the car earphones in and the boy band playing loudly in her ears. She was eating yet more chocolate cake and was singing along, all at the same time, not a good look. She shouted her instructions at Ben to slow down and to watch the road. Unaware she was being loud.
“Don’t worry she stops after a while, she’s even worse in the front seat, she has to stop herself from grabbing the wheel, she is such a good driver already. She’s going to be sorely upset to know she can’t drive here until she’s seventeen! I think you can tell her that Daddy?” We were busy talking when Jess screamed to pull over.
“Dad there’s been an accident look, there’s a car and it’s ran off the road. It’s back down the road about two hundred meters just after the turn, please check it out Dad?”
“I will sweetheart, stay in the car, Sara you too, please?” I watched as he ran to the place Jess had said she saw the crashed car, he disappeared down the embankment and I followed, because he’d disappeared over the edge so had seen something. I got there and was more than a little shocked, at the horrific scene below me.
“Ben what’s the matter, are they, are they alright? Ben that’s my car. That’s my hire car, for Christ’s sake Ben is poor Hamish alright?” He looked up and that face was not one telling me he was okay, Ben was really pale and his whole body is shaking, its bad.
“Stay there Sara, you don’t need to see this, phone for the police and ambulance, he’s in a mess, but alive. Pass me the first aid kit from the boot of the car. Please?” I rang the emergency services and went back to the car, first I grabbed the first aid kit, telling Jess to sit tight. I scampered down the embankment, and after Ben had moved, I saw the mess before me. Poor Hamish was stuck behind the wheel, his head was bleeding, luckily the bag had worked and was now deflated, but he was still a mess. I looked him over as Ben watched from the passenger side. I covered the steering wheel with my jacket, as there was white powder everywhere, the bag had split and the powders within it are toxic, like Hamish needs to be poisoned too?
I set about patching him up the best I could. The head wound looked worse than it was, after the blood was cleared away, I packed the wound and wrapped his head in a bandage. I ran my hand down his legs, his leg seemed to be pinned in under the crumpled front of the car, he was unconscious and barely breathing. I secured his head to the headrest, and Ben sat in the back of him holding it in place, whilst I wrapped the bandage around the seat and his head, then I cleared the blood from his mouth. This is bad, really bad.
“Ben, get a blanket from the car and see to Jess, get me some more water. I need to clear the blood and see what’s what and hurry. Please don’t worry I’m fine.” He went returning with a spare jacket for me and a blanket. “Ben, he may lose his leg or die, when they release the car from the tree. He will bleed to death, Christ almighty this isn’t looking good. Was he a good driver? There were no skid marks on the road either I checked.”
“He is, and he has never had an accident before. Sara, he drives me about all the time when I’m here. Jesus Christ Sara, this could have been you, you could have been driving this car!” I’d already figured that much out myself.
After what seemed an age Ben was showing the paramedics and the doctor down, I’d already phoned and asked for the fire brigade as he would need cutting out, whilst on phone to emergency services. I told them they would need to send an accident trauma surgeon. He was the doctor they had sent. I had unfortunately seen this type of accident once too often back home, visitors drove too fast down the mountains, misjudging the curve and the roads closeness to the edge and whammy, they would lose control and career off the edge of the road. I was forever helping with the crashes, in fact that had been my lot for more times than I cared to remember, so this wasn’t new to me, but in a way, it was good for poor Hamish.
We waited in our car as they worked on releasing him, luckily for him he was out of it. We waited as they worked, and it was I suspected he would die and bleed out, so they were amputating his crushed leg by his knee. They pulled the car from the tree, and he was released and rushed away. We followed the ambulance to the hospital. The police were here in number too as we left. One constable was coming with us to the hospital in our car.
“You were very good Miss Bird, you possibly saved his life, according to the paramedic.”
“We get those kinds of accidents all too often back home, people think a four wheel drive is invincible, but unfortunately for most they aren’t, nature and mature trees are way stronger than any metal car. I should have been driving in that car. He was just taking it back for me, poor Hamish.”
“Why was that Miss Bird?” Ben held my hand tightly and answered the questions.
“My family are driving back in my car, I didn’t think it was practical for two cars and as Sara’s car was a rental, Hamish was taking it back to their place in Glasgow, whilst we went to Edinburgh for the day. He was then stopping a while with his mother. I have to let Massie know this had happened because she’s housebound and will be expecting him.”
“No worries Sir, we will send officers to her home and have her brought to the hospital. The car Miss Bird, was it in good working order? Were there any problems with it?”
“No, no it was fine. He didn’t break as he went around the corner, there were no skid marks, I checked. This is a highly suspicious crash and I don’t think it was an accident. Ben says he’s an excellent driver, could the car have been tampered with?”
“We won’t know until we get it back and forensics takes a look. Have you got enemy’s Miss Bird, Mr Vinci?”
“I do business with a lot of people, some don’t like the outcome of my taking over their companies, so as to your question, yes I have a lot, hence the security. If you see, there’s a car following us, I have it at all times. Miss Bird, she doesn’t live here, she only arrived a little under two weeks ago from Arizona, so even she can’t have pissed anyone off so soon, or have you?” I smile because he’s not telling them about me being followed, and I wonder why? He squeezes my hand, as we pull up to the hospital.
“I will send security for Hamish’s mother, could a constable meet him there? She will only panic, and I’ll have his sister picked up too?” He agrees and gives him her address and tells his security to go bring Massie to the hospital. We go and await news, as Jess raids the vending machine, her father watching her closely.
“Ben has this got something to do with the people following me, and the reason Flavia was here? What’s going on, I’m a little afraid for Jess? My brother could be behind this too Ben. I should have told them about his past, our past and his depravity and drug problems, he could have owed people money and they want it from me, now he is dead?”
“I don’t know that a dead man can tamper with a car Sara. I need to see the picture you have of the guy following you, oh and Dad is on his way with Mom. He needs my help. He says he thinks Paulo is mixed up with bad people. They haven’t heard from him in a few days, and he normally rings home at least once a day.” I shiver.
“Ben, I know this sounds farfetched, but did Paulo know Declan?”
“No, they didn’t run in the same circles Sara, not that I know of anyway. I will get our security team to check your suspicions out.” I smile. I go to the toilet and make a phone call.
“Hi Boss Lady, what can I do for you today?”
“Eli, you can get your butt on the next flight out here. I need you. I think someone’s trying to kill me and Jess?”
“I’m on the next flight to London, are you at your house in Richmond?”
“No, charter a private jet and get it to bring you to Glasgow airport, we’re at Ben’s castle here.” I gave him the address and tell him to him hurry and I will have Ben’s people meet them at the airport.
“See you soon Boss Lady, keep close to Ben, be aware of your surroundings, avoid crowds and watch for strangers, oh and don’t let Jessica out of your sight.” He was now worried, he would be, poor Eli.
“See you when you get here and bring all you need with you, and whoever else you need too.” I put the phone in my pocket.
I went back, only to see Ben is thumping the machine, Jess’s candy was stuck, and his temper and frustration is clear to see as he shakes the machine! He was worried, and I can’t help thinking we are in for more chaos in our lives, and I don’t know why? The only person I have pissed off here is dead. I approach Ben carefully as the damned machine is besting him, I feed the machine more coins, and Jess gets two candy bars and Ben sighs and places his head on the glass front of his nemesis, the vending machine. Jess, thanks him and then kisses her father’s cheek, and he instantly relaxes.
“Don’t shout, but I’m having Eli and my security team fly here, and I am having them look into all this, I have a feeling we will need him? He’s bringing his team and I trust him Ben. Someone who works with you or for you, knows something and is passing on information to someone else, as you said who knew I was here? This is all too close to home for you to see anything wrong, and Eli is ex-Mossad, though apparently, you’re never really an ex in their organisation? I dread to think of the consequences if these are true threats against us, because he will kill to keep Jess and I safe. He swore an oath to Dad on his death bed and believe me he has always looked out for me and is the best person I know for the job. He recruited the people to care for Jess.”
“She has security?”
“Yes, she has had them all her life, but to her they are family. The team he’s bringing with him have worked for me for fifteen years, and before me they were there for Dad. Eli has always been in my life. Our beloved Uncle Eli is Jess’s Godfather and her mentor, in fact he is her everything since Dad died. I need them Ben, because someone wants me out of the picture and I’m sorry, but I feel it has something to do with Paulo and security at your place, I feel it. I also think it’s got something to do with Declan, there’s something niggling away in my head. I can’t put my finger on it, I just have this seventh sense thing going on up here,” I tap the side of my head, “that it’s something to do with Declan and Paulo knowing each other?”
“Alright, you have a point. We keep Jess with us, and I will increase security, Mike and the guys have been with me for years and work for me not the company, I will get him to watch Jess. Why is this happening Sara, why did Jess need security at home?”
“You now have an heir and she is worth more than she was before, a hell of a lot more. I’m back in your life, so who ever wanted me out of it before, may be back to get me out of it again. I’m sure that’s what it is? I had Jess watched Ben, because I had too, because of what Declan did, that’s all. She was too precious to lose. I’d lost you Ben and she was all I had left of you.”
“Sara, it seems we may very well have people out to get us. I get that, I do and the money thing. What can we do now?”
“We can’t do anything until Eli gets here, but make sure she’s safe and we have to make sure Hamish is well looked after. I can’t lose you again Ben, I can’t, and neither can your daughter. Please be careful and you watch your back too, please do not do anything heroic, promise me?”
“Oh Baby, you didn’t lose me, and you’ll never be without me again, do you hear me never. Hamish will be well cared for and get the best help he needs don’t worry, and Massie too.” The doctors came out to inform us of his condition, poor Hamish he was very weak because of the blood loss at the accident sight. The cut was clean, and he would heal well, however he was going to need to spend a lot of time in hospital and in rehabilitation too, but he would live. We were advised to go home, because there was very little else for us to do here.
He would be out of it for a couple of days, high on pain medication, but Massie was staying by his bed with his sister, they were to be put up in a hotel near the hospital and are given a member of Ben’s own security, a man called Joe, who was to run them around and get them food or whatever they needed, no questions asked. Ben wanted them safe too. He thought highly about Hamish and his family, as they were all good to him when he stopped in the castle. We left for the castle a lot more worried than we were when we set off to visit Edinburgh Castle this morning.


Chapter 11:


Arriving at the Castle, we were informed Ben’s parents would be arriving before dinner. Great, just what I needed to be doing right now, meeting the people who didn’t want to know us before, and now they do? I can’t wrap my head around it, their sudden need to want us after fifteen, nearly sixteen years of rejection. The atmosphere here could be a tad chilly, actually it could and would be as chilled as deep freeze. I may be nice, after I hear the explanations for their rejection. Jess, she however, is so excited and happy to be meeting them finally, just as Ben is, he is a proud father and excited at being able to show her off. I was still really worried that there had been too many coincidental happenings, to concentrate on playing happy families.
I needed to get the niggling doubts from my brain, a very foolish doubt actually, that this is all a dead man’s doing. I know Declan though and what’s to say though, that he could have possibly put balls in motion before he died, sorry before Mommy Dearest killed him? That’s another thing that has blighted this death pact thing they supposedly had, how did she kill him? Who helped her, because she could hardly move, and he wouldn’t have sat still waiting for her to do it? Shit, was there someone else helping her, and if there was, who was it? I went for a bath to at least attempt to relax, but with more and more questions entering my head, it seemed like all the damn bath would do was clean me, would that the steam could unlock my brain, because there’s something there, but I don’t know what it is?  I stepped into the bubbles as Ben came in the room, he sat on the toilet lid watching me as I bathed.
“Have you got any family photos or home movies here? I have this feeling I have seen Paulo somewhere else and it’s bugging me. I know I saw him the once at your offices, as I waited in your car for you, but he had his back to me, and he hated me even without ever seeing me. He was talking on the phone about me to someone, telling them I was just another one out for your money. I hate that this could all be about bloody money again.”
“Really Sara, you think it’s got something to do with Paulo?”
“No, I’m not sure of anything. I am less sure now Declan’s dead, but I need that one spark to light the fire that needs to burn away the other crud in my head. Please don’t laugh, I am serious, something in my head is hidden and I have a feeling it’s about my time in the castle tower. Paulo, I just don’t know, but there’s just something about him, something minuscule, but important and that’s really bugging me. I can’t put my finger on it, but whatever it is, it’s going to be the key to opening the door hiding some seriously crazy secrets.”
“Like what, Sara?”
“If I knew that I wouldn’t need the spark, the fire or a lobotomy!” He smiled. “I think it’s about something that Mom mentioned before she died, about his ‘wop friend?’ One of her many husbands was an Italian, a so called Count, and she used to call him the wop, so who ever his friend was, he could have been Italian? She said he was the one putting him up to it, he was the one pulling his strings, forcing him into locking me away, whoever he was, he’s the one responsible for my kidnapping.”
“Declan was the mastermind behind this? With an Italian friend helping him?”
“Ben, Declan wasn’t clever enough to do it, not on his own, evil enough yes, but not all the other stuff, the newspapers, the grave. I know it’s something to do with your brother. I will know when I see him, or hear him? Do you have something, anything with him speaking on it, anything, I have a feeling it’s his voice?” He took out his phone. He had a family photo album here too, there were a few pictures of the summer holidays Paulo had at their Italian villa. He went for a look in his mom’s room here. Coming back, he had the album and his phone in his hand.
“I was thinking about the voice thing, it’s a little bit mumbled, but I do have this, he sent me a message congratulating me on Jess. I’d phoned Mom and she must have told him. Listen to it, he’s sarcastic and an arse, but I don’t think it’s got anything to do with him Baby.” He pressed the message.
“Hello Brother Dearest, I hear congratulations are in order, you have a daughter. Such a shock finding her after all these years, but are you sure she’s even your child and not just someone else after your fortune? Do you know how many people my people have to deal with claiming they are having your bastard baby? This is getting ridiculous Leo, more tests done and more money for your latest mistake? What next she wants back child support?” I asked, and he replayed it twice more and a cold shiver went through me.
“Turn it off, turn it off please, it was him, he was Declan’s drug dealer. That was the voice that was outside the room. I heard his voice outside the door when they thought I was asleep, I never saw him, but I will remember that voice as long as I live, and I only saw your brother as he passed your car on the way into your office. I never saw his face and he didn’t say much, other than I was just someone else after your money. It was his voice Ben, he’d arranged for Jess to be sold, he said the same thing at the tower, that he would get money for my mistake. Ben, why does he hate you and I so much?” I sobbed as Ben came in for a hug, he emptied the water out of the tub as I sat and shook, it was his brother I am two hundred and ten percent sure of it. He wrapped me in a towel and he just held on to me tightly.
“I promise I will look into it. If he knew you were having Jess, and he kept you a prisoner, I will kill him myself. Sara, he could have had the claims all sent to him, he was the one keeping you from me. I don’t know why he would do it, nobody could be that vindictive and nasty, could they? You had done nothing wrong. Hell, I will kill him, I am so sorry Baby, my own brother did this to you, and to us.”
“Declan was on the phone as soon as I told Mom about Jess, he was acting weird. Then he took my phone, he took my car keys. I couldn’t leave, he was up to something and then the morning after I woke in the tower. A few days later, I heard a voice in the other room. Declan said once I’d had the baby, his debts would be all squared off. There were plenty of people looking for babies no questions asked. Then the voice said even his sister couldn’t have a kid, and they were looking at adopting. Is that right, could she have children or not?”
“No, that was why their marriage was in trouble, she desperately wanted children to please Mom and she couldn’t. The funny thing is they were really upset months after you left me, a deal they had made to adopt had fallen through, the mother changed her mind and kept the child. You don’t think they were adopting Jess, or do you? That would be too cruel, even for him. He sounds as sick now as Declan was.” I looked at his photo album and as I flipped through the book, I got to the summer before I met Ben and oh my God, my heart was beating so quickly, and I wanted to be sick…
“You never met Declan, did you?”
“Yes, I went to the castle to look for you, and he told me you had left. Remember I died in the crash on the way back to London?”
“Don’t that was horrible Ben, never make light of that again, please?”
“Sorry Sara, but yes I have met the weasel.”
“There is a photograph here look, I took this one a couple of summers before I even met you, a picture of the happy family. She used it in her book, another wasted day spent with the two of them. Declan came to Richmond to smarm is way into getting my home for the summer, to show off with his new friends, but there was not a chance in hell he was having my home. I let him use the castle, seeing as I was going to play cowboys and Indians for the summer. I relinquished the castle to him, but only if he took Mother with him.” I showed him the photo, his eyebrow rose.
“I came looking for you at the castle, but that’s a photo of Tony, not Declan, he’s one of Paulo’s friends from boarding school, he and another lad, shit I can’t remember his name. He I didn’t see a lot of, he was on his computer all the time, he was some sort of systems whiz, they came to stop in Italy a couple of times, and he, Tony was your brother? This wasn’t the boy we spoke to at the castle either. Shit Sara, this is serious whoever is doing this wants you and Jess dead, but why?
I would give up everything to keep you two safe I would sell the company tomorrow or step down. I wanted to give it all up when you died, then again when Donatella died. Mom was a mess and Giovanni was in the seminary, had you said him I may have believed it, but he is now a priest. It’s not him, Father Vinci isn’t the one we have to worry about, no Paulo’s the one we need to be focusing on. We need his laptop and computers looking at all his files everything? I will have Delphia bring his office up here, lock stock and barrel.” He made a phone call and it was being done, within the space of a few minutes Delphia got the whole ball rolling, everything would be here in the morning and she would come up too. He still hadn’t shown up at the office and he had been missing for a few days, possibly a week.
“Ben, I’m afraid to tell you this, but this has something to do with me, this photo here is Paulo yes? That is Declan or Tony, as you knew him, he used his middle name, but this one lad here, his one he is called Richard, now he does hate me enough.” I had a headache. “Ben, do you remember, before I met you, I told you I was having trouble with a boy who wanted more, and wouldn’t take no for an answer?”
“Yes, the boy at university, the idiot who hounded you, even after we started dating, what of him?”
“Yes, one in the same. He always threatened to get even with you for romancing me away from him. Ben, in his delusional world, he and I were a couple and you had stolen me away from him, with your flash cars and money. He was Italian too, his name is Richard, he came from a fancy boarding school, to my university. He loved to boast it was a good one, which his father paid a lot of money for, because his father wanted him to get the best education money could buy. Ben, he seemed to think I liked money, but he didn’t know me at all, if that’s what he thought I needed? I didn’t know he knew my brother before me, or that he knew Paulo, or that they went to the castle, or that they all went to the same boarding school, it seems? We didn’t know our brothers at all Ben?”
“How? I mean why? Or do I really mean how? I am confused by this, why the name changes and deceptions? Do you think they planned this even before we met Sara?” I flipped through the album. I turned the pages and all three of their faces are staring back at me from their shiny plastic cover. What the flipping heck, did this trio of nutters want?
“I don’t know, but I met Richard Marsh, that was his name, the first year in university. Damn, these photos are at the castle and here is the fabled tower I was kept in. Paulo, Declan and Richard are in my bedroom look, that’s my bed. They were in my room, so he knew me even before he came to university. Grandy has pictures everywhere up there. I need to be sick, the three of them were in my room there and God knows what else they searched through? Perverted bastards. Ben don’t leave me please, no matter what we find out, if it is an old plan of Declan’s, or of your brother?” He looked at the three faces sat on my bed and pulled a face and pointed at Richard.
“I’m never leaving you again ever. The middle one here, sat between this Tony and Paulo. He is the one who said he was Declan, that’s who told me you were travelling with Grandy, this was the Declan I met. Him, I know. That damned face, it’s not a young as that though, he was called Ricco, I think? Mom would know, she never forgets a name, but I would put money on it being Ricco. Oh hell, this goes deeper than we thought. He was passing himself off as Declan. Did he touch you as you slept Baby?” He was shouting through from the other room and looking for clearer pictures. I didn’t need them, I knew who Richard was, he was my stalker at university, and he became my bloody nightmare shadow.
“No, I would put a chair behind the door as I slept, and I only slept at night, all the other times I was just pretending, so I could listen to them talk. If they seemed to be coming in, I would wake and stretch, then go back to sleep. Nobody came in other than the nurse and Declan.” I was shocked, tired, confused and angry.
Now I needed answers. Ben came back with bigger pictures to show Eli when they arrived, he looked less worried now we had some sort of semblance of who we were dealing with, but neither of us could begin to hazard a guess as to the all-important one, why? Now we knew the players, perhaps the answers we were looking for, we thought would be an easy find. They were not great at keeping me captive, okay they did but their end game failed. This was so messed up, yet strangely intriguing, and if it hadn’t already cost people their lives, I would have been enjoying the thrill of the chase, but it was serious, and I had to think of Jess.
“Mike has put guards on the doors here and yes Baby, we’re going to be held captive for a while. We need to tell Jess, but I can look after you better here. The whole building is on a great security system, as are the grounds, and we have everything we need for a few weeks. We need Eli and Mike on it, and I need to see phone records, he must have called people, right? Come on your shivering, get dressed. Mom and Dad will be here soon and are eager to see you and Jess. Expect hugs and a lot, they will be upset with all this, so I will tell Dad first, before we tell Mom. Gaining a granddaughter won’t make up for what her son has done.”
“If we hadn’t come back Ben, everyone would have been alright.”
“No, we wouldn’t Sara, we wouldn’t be together, and I wouldn’t know about our daughter. Never say that, these have been the best days of my life. I have you back and my daughter, I love you and our Little Bird so much.” I dressed to meet the in-laws, yet still feeling suspicious about everything, and worried more about Jess’s safety. We went to find Jess who was chilling in her room, we knocked and went in, she was dancing to her I-pod, unaware of anything that was going on, thankfully. She turned around to see us smiling at her.
“Little Bird, your Nonna and Nonno are on their way. Please get dressed and get ready to be hugged to death. Jess they are really looking forward to seeing you and may be a little over enthused, I apologise for the sore cheeks and broken ribs, before they get here.”
“I can’t wait Dad. Mom have you been crying?”
“No Jess I got shower gel in my eyes and it’s stinging a little. Dad and I need to talk to you and its really serious Jess. For the next couple of days, you can’t leave the castle, sorry Jess but it’s for your safety. Uncle Eli is coming to look after us, because someone, and no we don’t know whom or why just yet, is trying to harm you, me and possibly your dad too. We need you in here, safe. You go nowhere without Mike or Asher, he’s coming with Eli too.”
“Asher who is he Sara, is he security?”
“Dad, he’s the biggest Samoan I have ever seen, he is a mixed martial arts specialist and along with Eli, he teaches Mom and me, Krav Maga. We do two classes a week and Thai boxing too. No one is getting past Asher. Great Mom we can train again, I’ve missed it.”
“You do Krav Maga, that’s lethal. Some of the guys do it at the gym and they are forever covered in bruises and ache when they have a session, it’s like street fighting, yes?”
“It is good exercise and great self-defence and we enjoy it. I will get Asher to teach you. The gym here’s already set up and there’s plenty of mats, and yes Ben it’s street fighting to the untrained eye. It’s the best self-defence I know of, it’s actually hand to hand combat, the Israel army used it first and if it stops our daughter from being taken, beaten up or being attached. Her knowing it and how to use it correctly, then I’m not sorry.”
“Alright, I will watch you two do it! I’m sorry, I just don’t want either of you harmed.”
“Ben, we won’t be, we train to be perfect at it, sometimes a punch goes wrong, a move isn’t executed correctly, but we take it in our stride. I wouldn’t put her in harm’s way. I have been doing it fifteen years, Jess for the past three. She started off slowly, it was more like practising dance moves in the beginning, well-choreographed and lifesaving dance moves. She does very well at it, and she can even get a sly drop on Asher, and when she does, she doesn’t stop bragging for days.”
“I still need to know more about the two street fighters in my life then. I’m glad to know I have my own bodyguards.”
“Umm, I like guarding your body too, such a task.” Jess heard cars pull up and ran to the window, then let out an ear-piercing scream, she turned to tell us and saw her Mommy and Daddy kissing, God forbid.
“Ewe, Mom, Dad stop with the sex stuff. I know your codes now, act your ages please, you’re making your little girl blush.” Too much information from our daughter. “Ooh Nonna and Nonno are here. Cool...” With that the security guys escorted his parents in, and he wasn’t kidding, poor Jess wasn’t even down the stairs before she was swept off her feet. Never have I seen anyone so excited. I thought the poor woman was going to explode, his father’s face too was like nothing I have ever seen before, and my father was in the room as Jess made her appearance and wasn’t half as overjoyed as these two seemed, but then he had just watched my C-section. He was making sure I was well relaxed, as breached Jessica Jay refused to move, stubborn even in the womb.
They looked at her and cried and as his mom jabbered away in Italian, they said over and over Donatella, thank you, she was a darling, so beautiful and so like her father. Then I was hugged and squeezed to near death too, the whole tale was told again. Of our both being told the other was dead, all as we sat down to eat dinner with them. The castle was now just filled with security, staff and family, the other guests had left in the morning, with their deals having been successfully done, as was a day hunting deer. The next through the doors were Eli and his team, six of them and enough equipment to sink a battleship, all to be set up in the ballroom. Introductions are done and Nonna had to share her granddaughter with her godfather Eli, and her minder Asher, the squeezing continued as Ben watched.
“This Ben is Elijah Prinz or Eli or Uncle Eli, my security chief and computer wizard. This is Andy Barrow, the best hacker this side of the Mason-Dixon line, this little fella is Asher Taupo, Jess’s bodyguard and boy frightener. He likes to pop to school and pick her up, so the boys know if they are stupid to mess up, they have the man mountain to face.” I laughed as Asher and I hugged and touched noses, he shook Ben’s hand and he touched Ben’s nose too with his. Ben just looked at the near seven foot giant.
“Dad, that was the Honi, it’s a Polynesian greeting, and one were two people greet each other by pressing noses and foreheads and inhaling at the same time, that’s an honour Dad. Asher is exchanging his Ha, the breath of life and he is sharing his Mana, his spiritual power with you. Asher doesn’t do that to everyone Dad, he’s kinda welcoming you to the family?” Ben, oh-ed and kept a watchful eye on the new arrivals.
“Thank you, Asher thank you very much, my daughter speaks very highly of you indeed, she didn’t say you were quite as large as you are?”
“Everyone is large compared to my little Jay-Jay, she is my princess and my child too. I have missed her so much; the place is defiantly quite without our little thunderstorm.” Everyone laughed as she stuck out her tongue and ran to her grandparents
“This lady is Andrea Lander, and you don’t want to know what she does, just to say she can find anything and get in anywhere and not always in the legal way.” I signed to Harry that this was Jess’s Father. I continued to sign as I introduced him.
“This is cheeky chap is Harry Binder, he is reader, he can tell if people are lying, hiding something or are worried about things. He watches their expression’s and he’s an expert lip reader, when you talk to him, do it to his face, he’s deaf not stupid, far from it his IQ is off the scale. Remember not louder, but perhaps a little slower? Finally, this is my father’s best friend, the best tracker and shot I know, and is who taught Jess and I to shoot from horseback, both guns and bows. Yes, now you can go wowowowo, an Indian with a bow and arrow. This is Thomas Redwing, Jess’s advice giver, he advises her on everything and anything, he and Asher oversee all her care and are the two who warn off the boys.”
“Argh, my best friend already, I’m pleased to meet you all, my home is your home. The cook has laid on food, and we have rooms for you all, thank you for coming to help my family. The office that my brother Paulo used, is being shipped here and will arrive first thing in the morning. I have access to all the computers with a master code, because he once hired an expert of his own to lock me out of a few systems, he wasn’t aware I had this code.
I would ask you don’t mention the name Paulo around my mother, she has no idea he’s up to his neck in all this, she doesn’t speak much English either. I would ask you please, to refer to him as simply P. Thank you, I am indebted to you all for looking after my daughter, she says you are her family too, so welcome to mine. Anything you need, Mike here is your run to guy, he can get anything you need. I will see to dinner, thank you again, and yes I will keep saying it, keeping our Daughter safe is top priority, as is keeping her mom just as safe.”
Mike and his guys helped them to set up in the ballroom, where there were tables, phone lines, modems, and all the things needed. They started setting up, the lads had been working on it on the flight over too so had already amassed some information. Jess was now back with Ben’s Mom or Nonna, and no one was getting between them, not tonight, not even Man-Mountain-Asher. He was cuddled too as Jess explained who he was and how he looked after her.
I talked Eli through the things I knew, and as we talked, the well-oiled machine started doing what they did best, finding things out. They started with phone calls and there were lots, including texts, several were sent by Paulo, but nothing in the past four days, he had fallen off the grid. Then he checked Declan’s and his phone had been used this morning, just a short call to a phone that was presently turned off. He called a number constantly the week before my mother’s death. Eli traced it to the woman who was my mother’s nurse, their texts were rude and explicit.
“Eli, is it possible they were killing my mother before her time? Is Declan the one on the slab, I need to see the body, the damn nurse did the identification of the body, not me?”
“I have already sent Andrea down, she slipped out after the introductions! Sara did you not spot her leaving, Sara focus regroup and be more aware, you have let your training slip. Now, I was thinking that myself, if it is not him who is it and why did they swap the body. She will be online soon, Ben allowed her the use of his plane. She will be in touch as soon as she gets photographic conformation, she is being met by a Detective Peters and Constable Bulmer. Your men from the police force there?” I nod my head. Yes! “She has dental records from both Paulo and Declan, she also has an x-ray of Paulo’s broken leg and cracked skull. All are being sent to the coroner, along with the x-rays we have of your brothers last run in with you, when you broke his nose, it was remodelled. Grandy paid their medical bills, he also broke his leg skiing when he was eighteen. Hopefully, they will get them as soon as they open their emails. We were very busy on the plane and Andy has already found the backdoors to get into his private files. Now Boss Lady, let us do what you pay us good money to do, guard your daughter, does he know you have always had her watched?”
“Yes, but only half of it, I will tell him, but he’s already worried about all this. Eli, thank you for coming, what would I do if I didn’t have you? I do have another doubt that the dead body is that of Declan. Who helped Mother kill him, he wasn’t going anywhere quietly and certainly not headfirst into death? My Mother was too weak to kill him unaided. I know the secretary left as we did, the night Mom died. Eli, she was too weak to subdue Declan, it took me a hell of a punch to get him from us, how did she manage it? I only said the nurse left too because I didn’t actually see her leave and the thing is there was something familiar about her too? The secretary too, but I can’t put my finger on it. As you say my focus has been way off the mark since coming here.”
“I promised William I would look after you and keep you safe, he got Estelle and I back here safety, back in the country, and set us up in a nice home and with good jobs. I owe him everything, he paid for all her treatments and she lived happily for thirty happy years, twenty-eight more than she had been told she had. He gave us back our lives, and our children had their mom with them as they grew up, they both send you their love. Now we are giving back, we all got our second chances because of William, all five of us, Redwing was his brother, so it was only right to bring him here to look after you two, he insisted. William made us promise to protect you both to the death, not that we will need to die, but we would.” I cried into his shoulder. “Bed, your exhausted and we have a busy morning tomorrow! My Boss Lady needs her sleep.”
“You too, the rooms are wonderful and there’s loads of food in the kitchen including things for you, we had them deliver it from a kosher deli, it’s in the two small top fridges, so no cross over is that alright? There’s plenty of things in there for you, one of Mike’s team, Joe, only eats Kosher and so they are always prepared. I’m going to rescue Jess from the Grandparent Mafia. I have a feeling they will be sleeping in her room. Goodnight Uncle Eli.”
“Goodnight Sara sleep tight, and I like her father very much, he loves our Little Bird, and my Boss Lady. I see the ring too, we will get an invite, won’t we?”
“Yes, our family will be there, all of you. Night God bless.” I went to the small family lounge and Nonna was holding Jess, as she was fast asleep on her lap. His mom too had fallen asleep holding her. Ben was watching, and his father smiled as I put a blanket over them, shut the curtains and we left them to their dreams. His father was making himself comfortable on the sofa, as I said they were going nowhere.
“Dad seems to think Paulo was in this with some bad people, he knew there was something wrong a month ago, the jet was used to go to Arizona. Mom wanted it to go see Donatella’s crash site and it was in use, it was then Dad noticed it had been used three times in the past six months, he was watching you. The logs go back years, he has been going there as long as you have lived there. I will kill him. I swear I will.”
“Ben, we need sleep, will your dad be alright? He looks so sad.”
“He’s happy to have Jess and you, and yet angry that Paulo has done this to his family, he’s stopping in there with them. He just keeps thanking me for her, like I had much to do with it. I will be better the next time Baby, I swear.”
“Well we need to go to bed, we need to keep trying! Boy, what a chore, it’s so tiring this sex lark. I’d forgotten just how much it takes out of you.”
“Sounds like a plan, we have had a stressful day, let’s relieve some of yours.” We went to bed…


Chapter 12:


Waking in the morning, I did so alone and to the sound of organised chaos, there were three lorries emptying their cargo into the ballroom. I laughed at the sheer amount of stuff they were unloading. They had just brought everything filing cabinets desks and computers. Delphia was here too and as she spotted me, she ran into my arms, she remembered seeing me. Well she did nearly catch me naked on Ben’s desk, so yeah, she probably remembers me, and I blush at the memory.
“Sara you’re looking well for a corpse, welcome back to the land of the living and back into Leo’s world. He couldn’t have been happier when he found you. Your daughter is beautiful, she is his image, it must have been hard seeing her all the time and thinking he was dead. You poor girl, still you’re here now and I have never seen this family as happy as they are right now. If you’re wondering where she is, she’s in the kitchen. Her, Marietta and Leonardo Senior, are running the cook ragged. She may be on her fourth or fifth lot of pancakes, Nonna is seeing to it her granddaughter gets what she wants. She’s a credit to you. Go eat, Leo’s in there too, trying to tell them she needs to breathe.” I smiled. She certainly can make you think about things. 
“Thanks, I will be back when I’ve been fed. The poor cook, we’re killing her.” I popped my head around the study door, I was sure I heard Ben’s voice, and I did, he and his father they were deep in discussion about something, they waved me over.
“You’ve had a phone call Sara, and they are looking at your mother’s case as murder, because she wasn’t suffering from heart failure. She was being slowly poisoned by digoxin. The other body is Declan, and the nurse has disappeared, she is being looked for by the police. It seems they have various CCTV images of Paulo, in the area around your mother’s apartment too. They have traced the phone calls to a now empty office, which was used as a Doctor’s office. It seems this was your mothers new heart specialist. I’m sorry, but it looks like they killed your mother and your brother, I’m so sorry Sara.” I shrugged my shoulders.
“Oh Jess, deleted the photo of the guy at the services. She thought it was taken by mistake, I didn’t want to worry her, so I said it was fine. The body was Declan, good I was convinced it was Paulo on the slab, what happens now?”
“It could be weeks before their funeral, this is turning into a farce. Good news though, they have found all of Jessica’s pictures you sent. Paulo at least had the good grace to keep them and she was a beautiful baby, so cute and tiny. Your letters were heart-breaking to read, and I’m so sorry Baby. Mom is now feeding her granddaughter.” Ben was looking disturbed, and he had good reason for the worry, after all his brother was still missing.
“There’s not enough pancakes in the world for that. Can I have a word please, on our own?” His father rose to leave the room with a big smile.
“Sorry, Sara I will try and rescue my little girl from her Nonna. We are going for a walk around the house and gardens, and yes, we are taking the fellas with us the big one is insistent.” I agree as Ben has already said yes. We went to see Eli, we told him about Ricco, having forgotten to tell them last night. He was very interested in him. 
“What does his name mean in Italian, would it be Marquis? We have on the radar, a Marquis of Neghelli, we knew he was a fraudster, the original served in the Second World War. Dying without heirs, but this man is claiming to be his son, and heir to his title? If you aim high when you’re doing a con, it makes people more susceptible to believing it. Paulo has been paying him a lot of money, and for thirteen years, maybe even longer, we think possibly in blackmail pay-outs?
You put a hold on your brother’s access to money, from the company a while ago, he has none of his own left and is in hock to money men. This Marquis, Sara has just bought Grandy’s old Castle. He completed earlier in the week, and he now owns your place of imprisonment. I have sent two of Mikes security and Andy has gone with them to see if he can read their lips. They are going in posing as the agents to hand over spare keys, he picked some up from the estate agent the day the place became his. If he’s keeping your brother hostage, it may well be there Ben?”
“He will be in the tower Eli, get them to check that, the keys for it are in a nook, under Mother’s bed. It is pink and garish. They won’t be able to miss it.”
“So it explains Paulo wanting my position too. I’m the only one who can release large amounts of money.”
“That’s not the only thing we found out Ben, we believe he may have been the one who killed your sister, or could have very well paid for their assassination, along with her husband. I found the files they thought they had deleted. Marco had found a discrepancy with the finance’s way back then. There was more money coming into the company than it was making, and the difference was in fact a quite a large amount. Payments regularly going into several accounts that had nothing to do with any of your companies, it was being siphoned through your casinos in Vegas, Malawi, Atlantic City and Macao? He sent several emails to you and to Paulo and finally your father, but his emails were re-routed, and they deleted them. The last file was sent the day they died, and were sent to a Giovanni, who is that?” Ben stumbled.
“He is my elder brother, the priest and reformed bad boy? God help us, please tell me he isn’t part of this too. We always thought their deaths were suspicious, we knew their brake cables were damaged, but they weren’t cut, however they could have been damaged when their car flew off the road, but we couldn’t prove it. Dad, get Dad, please Sara…”
“No, your brother never received the email, he until very recently wasn’t using that email account, he only started using it about a month ago. Does he use the one as Father Vinci? I can’t get into his files there are layers of encryption, even our best hacker, with my help is having trouble accessing them?”
“He was the best computer analyst I have ever met, present company aside, he was always up to no good, he’d spend hours on them. He did the systems for the company until he joined the seminary. He put a good team in place before he left us though.”
“We could do with him here.”
“I will get him to come. He was last in Spain. I think he’s on a retreat. Dad will know. Sara, please can you get him for me Baby. Mom is going to be hurt really hurt, please to God Giovanni isn’t involved too.”
“Sure Ben, anything to help. I will ask Jess to keep her occupied. We have hundreds of photos, well thousands for you all to see.” I did as I was asked, and Leonardo joined them. I sat and listened, my head is thumping, and I am not getting the answers quickly enough. I may be a tad impatient? 
“Right Dad, this is all stemming from the money laundering we were looking at through the casinos, the same accounts that the damned accounts department said were clean. We were clean, and nothing was wrong. Please can you check on the names of the accountants Eli, if poor Marco found it, why didn’t they? We need to put a hold on the accounts for the casinos. They are going after their money and with me locking out Paulo, they are desperate.
I was stupid, but I trusted my brother, he earned my trust with all the hard work he did, even after we locked horns over owning the company, he still gave me his full backing. How could I have got him all wrong? He did nothing but work, he never had a social life and was always at the office. I know why now; he was doing it without an audience and behind the firewalls at head office too. Dad, I will kill him I swear I will, he killed my sister and tried to take Jess and her mom from us too.” Dad, he agreed.
“Right Son, phone the bank and the casinos, no authorisation of large payments or pay-outs. We need to get the authorities in to help. This is too big for us to handle alone. Paulo will pay dearly, if he is to blame for Donatella’s death. I will kill him you need have no worries on that score.”
“Ben, I can lock down all your accounts from here. I can also track all payments. It’s automatically done over ten thousand pounds. They just need to pay themselves under, to fly below the securities radar, so we should set the minimum to a figure we can easily trace and then follow the money to see which accounts the payments go to?” Eli said as he tapped the keys like a ninja.
“Do it, and we will phone the banks, allowing you legal access, just in case you get in trouble, and so it is all above board. I want nothing to stop them getting everything they deserve, or getting off on a technicality? Dad, I will kill him with my bare hands if he is behind this?” The wheels began to turn, and as I watched Eli at work and the others. I saw the scale of the mess we were in and it was massive. The clear boards had pictures and markers connecting the dots, and it was being added to all the time.
“How had I allowed Paulo to run our casinos into such a mess, he had help, he had to have had help? Eli what else has he got his sticky mitts into, kidnapping, money laundering, ordering his sister’s death, selling my child, is there anything else my brother could do to hurt us more?”
“Possibly, we have yet to dig deeper Ben, but we are getting there. The many trips to Arizona are explained too, they wanted to open another casino on Indian land. Unfortunately, they don’t like to share what’s theirs with outsiders, their money and land only goes to tribe members. Apache or Navajo and their families, there have been over the past twenty years several attempts to buy the land first from Sara’s mother, then her father and more recently Sara herself, but she has refused. It’s a massive acreage of land, sitting on it its own water supply and a prime site for a casino. Half on reservation and half off, an ideal arrangement and uncommon, there’s not a lot of lands like it.
Mother Sara expanded into non-reserve land for her beloved wild Mustang horses, her love of them shared with our Sara and Jess. Wow they are passionate about them, they are perfect for the land, which is no good for cattle. She is very good at land management and she will never sell. Her horses need their homes. Sorry, I’m waffling, but I’m very proud of what they have done, both my adopted daughter and granddaughter. Sorry again, I am wondering from the problem in hand. We’re talking millions, Ben. She has turned down all offers made through this Marquis’s company. He is in too deep to stop, he has spent millions on plans and buying the right things needed, permissions and such. He owns land just off the reservation too and he has bought as much non-Indian land as he can, which is worthless without Sara’s plot. As I said, he’s in too deep.
You should know Ben, that Sara has had Jess watched from a very early age. She always knew someone was watching her, she is very conscious about her, sorry your daughter’s safety. She always has been, Asher he is her personal bodyguard and driver and he has been since before she was born. She is his child in his eyes, he’s her other Godfather, a responsibility he takes very seriously. Sara having her here has had him so upset, the times we had to stop him flying here, and I wish I hadn’t now. Her father had a heavily pregnant Sara watched too. He and Asher were there when she had their Princess. Poor Asher, Sara wouldn’t let go of his hand, even when she drew blood, it was still offered to her. I still laugh as he cried when she came out. They have been inseparable since that day, and these past two weeks he’s been like a bear with a sore head. As I said, they are normally inseparable.
Her father defended Asher on a murder trial, and yes, he did do it. He killed a child rapist with his bare hands because the little girl was his sister, who killed herself later, unable to cope with it all. William got him off... Stupid as it sounds it was simply self-defence. The idiot came at him as he watched him, Asher never broke the law, but it spooked the guy and he just went at him with just a carving knife in a packed restaurant. Asher had no weapons, because he didn’t need them. As Sara says Krav Mega is more than self-defence, it will one day, she is convinced save your daughter.”
I have so much to learn about my family. I take in a deep breath of relief, because thankfully they have been well protected and loved, pity it wasn’t by me though. I then remember our conversation about moving to London to live, and the horse ranch’s future.
“Both Sara and Jess have willed their share of their land and the horse sanctuary, back to the people of the tribe. They told me they were going to give it back anyway, and soon, as a gift to the tribe. It was something for the youngsters to do and keep them out of mischief and to learn all about the wild Mustangs. She does talk about them as her babies. Have they got a man on the inside of the reservation, one who would know this is what they were planning, and that it was happening soon? She made a phone call setting the wheels in motion two days ago, after I asked her to marry me.”
“I’m looking into it, Ben its big thing to give away, with so many implications. It would still be impossible to put a casino on it with the clauses Sara has put into gifting it back to them, plus they have a big place there already and they don’t need the competition, but there’s nothing stopping another person building one though, as long as they were of the tribe? Her killer clauses are mainly about the re-use of the land, it’s the only land that is part on reservation and part off reservation, apart from three other smaller plots there isn’t any like it. I’m looking to see who owns them, perhaps Sara knows who owns them?
I am waiting to see who’s suddenly over the past few weeks has become a little richer. There is a family, also named Bird, who are regularly paid an amount of money. They farmed a small plot, which I was sure Mother Sara bought before her marriage to White Eagle, sorry William? Perhaps she had sold it to the family, or she could have given it to them, perhaps they had sold it already, and this was their monthly payout? It’s quite a bit of money for scrub land, only fit for cattle and horses. If we find out where the payments are from, we could perhaps find out who is behind it? That perhaps will shed some light on the subject, that’s the only connection I can see at the moment.”
“The grave of the dead girl I saw thinking it was Sara’s, she was called Bird, Tallulah I think Sara said? This has taken some planning and over many years, and Paulo was neck deep in it all?”
“Sorry to confirm that for you, but yes it seems he was. Would you have stopped looking for Sara without the grave?”
“No, I told Paulo I wanted all the teams looking for her because I had to know where she was, price was no object I needed answers. Oh God, please tell me, did I get that poor girl killed?”
“No, it was an accident, a school trip which went tragically wrong, two others were killed too including one of the guides trying to rescue them, but I will look into it for you. It was just a mere coincidence, you knew what you needed, you had your closure and you then knew where she was. I need Sara now, we need the records from the reservation, someone’s on their payroll, and if they have bought land for these people, they would have had to apply to make it an allotted trust land. She dealt with all that through the office at White River.”
“Eli, please could you run that by me again, it sounds confusing?”
“Ben, simply put, they own the rights to the income from it and they can build on it and keep the money they make on it and from it, so if they allow this Marquis in as a silent partner, he gets to build on it and they get an income, a large tax free income. I have a feeling this is going to hurt Sara very much as she considers them all her family.” I went for Sara, to find she was already out with Thomas and Jess for some fresh air, Mom is fast asleep on the couch.
“Mom, come on bed you have been up all night, Mom, Mom? Asher get in here now and quickly Mom’s out cold and Sara and Jess are gone, alert the security and fucking lock this place down.” Dad with the help of my cook Maggie, were bringing Mom around with smelling salts, she is fine and remembers nothing. Dad takes her to her room, whilst we set about finding Sara and Jess. I think we have found our inside man, her trusted friend and her father’s much loved friend, and brother.
“Redwing is definitely your man. He owns the two plots of land to the side of Sara’s and one piece with an access road on it, one needed to get machinery in and out, why did he do it? Fuck, he did do it, he was in the office that day when she spoke to David about giving the land back. Oh hell, he knew, he already knew she was gifting it back when I brought him here, and he is going to kill her before it’s gifted back. She will trust him. I brought him here Ben, I’m sorry so sorry. Why did he do it? The man was as close to her as her father was, he is Jess’s Grandfather in all but name. I will kill him if he harms them. I brought him Ben, I brought him here because he said he wanted to help them. I had no reason not to trust him.” Andy was coming into the room.
“Sir, the information you wanted on the drowning incident, the guide was Thomas Redwing’s son, Tommy, he died trying to rescue Tallulah, who couldn’t swim, and she dragged him under the water to his death. He perhaps blames the Birds for his death?” Eli looks angry and I’m in major panic mode.
“We need to be quick they have half an hour head start on us.” Asher was angry too, because he had been talked out of going by Thomas.
“We need a tracker and go figure he was the best fucking one we had.” At last, I can help.
“I have the very man to help. The man I bought into the hawking centre with. He’s a tracker, he was a detective in his hometown of Dakota, and is Sioux. He teaches classes here. He and his family live on the edge of the estate. I’ll ring him and get him here to help. It seems we have a secret weapon. They won’t realise they are in danger because they trust him totally. We need to find them and fast, he won’t think we can track and knowing the girls they will leave clues too.” I dialled his number. “I only hired him because he reminded me so much of Sara, his enthusiasm for being Sioux and how proud he was to belong to a great First Nation, just like Sara was. Oh hell, he has to find them Eli, I can’t lose her twice, she can’t die again.” I really want to cry, but men aren’t supposed to cry. “Kale, I need your help, my family are in danger. I need you to help me find them, please I need you?”
“I will be with you in ten minutes, stay on the phone and talk to me until I get there.” I explained everything and as I explained we got the rest of the party together, we left people here to guard the house and my distraught Mother and Father.
“Everyone this is Kale Smith, my friend and neighbour and one I hope has remembered how good he said he was, and how he persuaded me, I needed a tracker for the poachers.” He smiles.
“I would remind you, that poaching is down on your land and apart from the three elders you allow to fill their bags and belly’s, nobody else escapes me! Now, how long and how many?”
“Three, Thomas Redwing an Apache Indian and a tracker, my daughter and her mother, my soon to be wife. They are well wrapped up and are unaware they are in danger, they trust him.”
“Have you phoned the police? They will need to be informed, but for now what directions have the cameras got them going in?”
“They went towards the woods, from there no cameras. He has a phone, but Sara’s is here, Jess has hers and there is tracking on it as soon as it turns back on. I have sent her a text, but I’m not getting any indication her phone is on. She never has it off at home, so he could have turned it off or he has smashed it?” Eli is worried, and he still is blaming himself for bringing him.
“Right, two of you drive to both of the estate exits and drive in each direction towards the old road, they could have been picked up on the old dirt road that leads off the wood.” They do as he asks. “Put an alert out to the small airport that barmy, ex-air-force-elder has for his model airplanes, which upset my birds. It’s big enough to allow a small plane to take off and land.” Two men do a check of that.
“Right, when I find their tracks stay behind me, then fan out, but stay behind me at all times and be vigilant.” We follow as he leads us deep into the woods and picks up their track easily.
Redwing wouldn’t know we have our secret weapon, and as we near the road it is, as he fears, they were picked up in a four wheel drive, and it’s heavy. There are four, perhaps five people and there was a big struggle. There is blood, and as he walks to the other side of the dirt path, he quickly picks up their trail again. Apparently, there are clues being left, there are broken twigs, leaving a clear path taken by the girls. We radio through to the security in cars to keep their eyes open, there is a car in the woods, and they may be armed. Kale dips down and presses the ground looking forward and around him.
“These two are the lighter of the party and they are running, the bigger of their shoes is limping and the other one, a much heavier male is injured, this one followed them a short while later and is bleeding. Follow me and keep behind me, the girls will be finding a hiding place, she won’t be able to walk far on her ankle.” I am now panicking and imagining all sorts, poor Asher is trying his best to keep me calm and is failing miserably. “Shush they are near, the blood has pooled here and is fresh, the injured one has slowed down, he is hurt and badly. “Stay here in case he comes back, you two take the sides, you two, behind me and spread out.”
We have been out here an hour running around in the now cold wet wooded area. The rain is helping to track them and then we hear a scream and a thud of a car door. Kale sets off at a storming pace, and for a big chap Asher is keeping up. We near the opening to the old road, where a car has pulled in front of them. Sara is hurt, but the two of them are like a tag team and as they defend themselves. I wonder what my panicking was all for. They I don’t think needed much help, they have floored two of them and Jess has just dropped the man going for her mother, and very easily. Asher grabs the one coming up on Sara, and I think he breaks a few ribs, my girls are indeed a pair of fighting machines. Thomas is in a heap against a tree. The last one is dropped by Kale.
“Baby are you alright? You had us worried for about a minute there, you came out without your brolly, and we were bringing you one. Fancy coming out for a quiet walk in this weather. Shit Sara you had me worried there. Are you alright?”
“Umm, so you are still crap at the jokes Ben. I have a sore ankle, and I may have bruised my ego a little, he was manic. Redwing held Jess by the throat and was hurting her. I just leapt at him, I wasn’t thinking and being a Mom kicked in, not the street fighter. He hit me once and boy he was going down. It kicked in big style, as I punched kicked and let him have it. I dropped him, and we ran, but the busted ankle was slowing us down and Jess wouldn’t leave me. Damn that girl is stubborn. He put up quite a fight and I thought we’d escaped him, but as we ran, he picked himself up. He was awful, really awful, hurtful and not the man I have known all my life. Jess had to hit the man she considered her Grandfather.”
We are taking them all back to the castle, an unconscious Thomas is thrown in the car and driven back to the estate, the other cars descend, and everyone piles in to get them home. My girls are in my arms and safe, Sara is shaking.
“Wow Dad that was awesome, Mom hurt her ankle on Thomas’s face, and he was supposed to be our family Dad, why would he do it? You were quick off the mark did you get my text?”
“No Jess, my phones in the bedroom at home charging. I’m sorry how did you realise?” Sara had calmed down enough to speak again.
“When he said we were going to a safe place to keep us from harm, and you had authorised it. One, you said we were in the safest place, and two, Ben you wouldn’t order me to do anything, not without running it by me first. As we fought, he said he was fed up of waiting to avenge Tommy’s death, and us having all the money. The money that should have been his and the land we had would have been his had Sara married him and not Dad as she had promised. He hated Dad and had done all this time.
He was like a man possessed, and something was mentioned about building a casino and hotel complex on the land we owned, it’s impossible, because the land is only good for livestock, wild animals and the land has water yes, but it not just mine, it runs under our property and feeds the villages wells. The water supply runs under our land, so it can’t be built on ever. I would be cutting off the village’s water supply, and it’s not mine to do that with, I just hold it for them to use. Other than small holdings the land can’t support large buildings, that’s why we hadn’t built on it, it’s not cost effective or feasible. Now get me home my ankle is massive.”
“Yes Baby, are you alright Jess? Thomas will be arrested and charged along with the others, what did they say?”
“I’m fine and pumped up Dad, what are we doing tomorrow for excitement?” Both Sara and I laugh at her.
“They were taking us to Canada, I heard one of them say you have a cabin there, perhaps Paulo’s there?”
“We will find out. I will have the police check it out. Hopefully they will have good news and he’s there for me to go and kill.” We pulled up the police were everywhere, and they took into custody the prisoners and followed us through to mission control, where we had a few new visitors. Andrea was back with Detective Peters and Constable Bulmer.
“Hello, it seems you have been busy, we were mistaken on the identification the body. I’m sorry to inform you, it is that of your brother Mr Vinci, it seems someone switched records over. The nurse, Wendy Price, is as you Americans say, singing like a canary. It seems Paulo was into some bad people for money he borrowed to pay off a blackmailer. He apparently killed or had your sister killed, and he had an Indian girl killed by a fellow Indian?
He thought he was there at your mothers flat, to get the evidence back and he had made the final payment of ten million and he thought it was all over. They drugged him, then killed him, dressed him in Declan’s clothes, gave the body his wallet and personal effects, and she identified him as Declan. It was pretty easy to mistake them, they share the same build, colouring and hair type and his face was smashed in, she says Declan did it all, though we think she was the one poisoning your mother.
Declan is on the run with his accomplice, a Ricco Marchese, he may be Ricco Farggio or Rodolfo Cavalla? He thinks he’s a big man in organised crime, our friends the F.B.I and Interpol have been looking for him for a while, as are the big money men he has been conning for years, those big men he worked for, his bosses? They are missing a little bit of their cash, cash that he’s thought to have given himself.
They are missing millions of dollars of their money, which was easy to do because he’s their accountant, or he was, up until the past week doing quite well, and the small amounts he took were never noticed. All monies stolen, were we are told by the canary, were stolen to support the dream of his to build a casino and get even with you Mr Vinci? Apparently, this has been a plan much thought out by him, so much so he has become obsessed with it, and the nurse says he extremely unstable, his personality disorder is way out of control. She seems to think he’s off his medication causing him to be suffering a psychotic break. He wants you both dead, and to get his daughter back?
The nurse came in of her own free will, she was more afraid of him, choosing instead to take her chances with us. Your brother Declan and she have been intermate for years. She says since they were in school together. She also nursed Richard through several breakdowns at the castle you have. He is a delusional paranoid schizophrenic, worse when of his meds. She also knew he and your brother have pissed off some big money men. With what she knows there are arrests being made all over Europe and America and in China, the Chinese government are helping too.” Eli interrupted them.
“Ben, they have the subjects in the castle and there are three of them, do you want them taking down?”
“No, they need to pay for what they did, death will be too quick. Get them all out, but alive and bring them here to Detective Peters to sort, but only if it can be done with no harm to themselves, if they can’t wait for backup.”
“Sir, I would prefer you waited for back up, it’s on its way as we speak?”
“I would prefer them to just shoot the fuckers, but that’s not going to happen anytime soon. Mike will be fine, and you say they stole money from the money men? They will be dead as soon as they hit a prison. It may be quicker for them to take them out.” Too late apparently, they saw an opportunity and took it. Delphia is speaking to Mike on her phone. He’s been ringing mine without success.
“Sir, they have them all, the captives are both dazed and stunned. They are saying they were there on holiday. They have found a priest in the tower too and he’s been drugged but is alive. They are on their way back the prisoners are secure. The Priest is Giovanni… Leo, and he’s safe but refusing to be taken to hospital, the police and paramedics are there. Detective Peters they want a word?” He takes over the conversation and tells them to bring them to the castle for questioning, there is an incident room already set up. An officer is sent with the priest, as Mike is bringing him back. Everyone is coming back here, and this is turning into a circus. Ben looks kind of relieved, but it’s not over yet, even if the canary is singing, but she doesn’t know everything.
“Ben my foot is killing me. I am going to fucking kill my arse of a murdering, pond sucking, scumbag, arsehole, bastard brother, and then you can have him Detective Peters.”
“So we have to tell Mom and Dad that Paulo is dead, are we sure it’s him?” Detective Peters gives Ben a ring and a photograph of two scars. Ben looks and sobs. It is Paulo, and I hug him. What his mother will do is anyone’s guess?
“The nurse admits her part too in imprisoning you Miss Bird, she thought you recognised her at your mothers, and warned your brother as such.”
“I didn’t take much notice of her, other than noticing she was feeding the drips through too quickly, that’s why I thought she was panicking.”
“No, they had been killing her slowly for months, when the nurse listened into a conversation with her publicist, about printing her real memoirs. They panicked, stole the only copy of the book and then hastened her death. The nurse had conned your mother into thinking she would be helping her kill Declan the night she died, something you forgot to mention to me Miss Bird?” I shake my head, after all we burnt the damming letter.
“Nope, there was no letters, sorry just the ones she had from Ben, for me.” Liar, liar. I am a liar again!
“There was some damming stuff in it apparently? Mob bosses she had for want of a better word, been on dates with, politicians, film stars, and money men. She was paid to write the book she published, as a real account of her life and apparently, it’s a big seller. But the real one would be worth millions and ruin countless people’s lives, and possibly put some bad men away. Then they staged a fake suicide to hide Declan, they knew he knew too much and would be the next to be on their hit list, tying up loose ends.
 They figured they wouldn’t be looking for a dead man. Paulo, he’s the same height, dark hair and could be easily mistaken for him. Until we got the records Miss Landers showed us, we were none the wiser, they are rechecking the x-rays again. They need the original doctor’s reports, because the break isn’t quite as old as it should be or something? There is a plate screwed to the bones, they are looking into, and it’s from a foreign hospital too.”
We await the arrival of the three men and the priest. I’m eager to see who they are they are. My ankle is strapped, and Jess is rerunning our fight with the bad men to Nonna and Nonno, who are just happy to have her back. Happy for the time being, laughing at her and smiling, grab the happiness folks you’re in for some unhappy times. We are telling them about Paulo when Giovanni gets here, he can calm his mom as no one else can. We await their arrival as Eli keeps on checking into things, I am still going to kill Declan.
The cars pull up. None of the people they bring from the castle are known to us, they didn’t even know the guy was in the tower, they didn’t have a key for the tower, just the house. The men it seems were shocked, because they had rented out the place for three weeks. We await confirmation of their identification, and they are whom they say they are, realtors from America. They have no criminal records and can show proof of hire, which Eli looks into, and clarifies. They are there for hunting and fishing, they are the first of many people booked into it. It’s being ran as the castle here is, almost identically in fact. Now cleared and their stories checked out, they were allowed to return to the castle. This thing is getting weirder by the minute.
“Eli, have you found anything else out?”
“No, no nothing. I’m looking at Paulo’s phone records again and he phoned this number several times before was killed. Do you recognise it Sara?” I look and shake my head.
“No, should I?”
“Whoever it was called the office three times before you came to England, and phoned your mobile twice whilst you have been here?” I grab my phone and look through the logs and sure enough, the calls are there. I phone the number, and there is no reply it goes through to voicemail, the phone is switched off.
“We will have to wait for it to be turned on. How come you didn’t notice the numbers before?”
“I don’t know, I am always putting my phone down, so perhaps someone else answered it? I don’t know. Jess always picks it up. Get Jess in here Ben, she may be able to tell us something?” He goes to get her. As more information comes through, Giovanni is brought in from the hospital, looking a little worse for wear, his father rushes to greet him and looks him over.
“Dad stop fussing I’m fine, now where’s Mom? We have to tell her of Paulo’s death?” That throws me because we have only just been told it was Paulo, how did he know? Just then Jess comes in with Ben, the two brothers embrace. Jess comes to my side. As they take Giovanni to freshen up, to get a bath and some fresh clothes, he is too messy to hug us yet, he is embarrassed because he has soiled himself.
“Jess these phone calls, did you take them? It’s just that I can’t remember taking them?”
“Yeah Mom, they were from some church, the man said he would speak to you later. He phoned again a couple of days later and asked where we were staying, whilst we were in England and would it be possible to come and see us?” I looked at Eli, as Ben came into the room. “I told him we were stopping at The Savoy for a few days, and seeing some sights, and to ring back later or contact you in your office. I phoned him back about ten minutes later, because I’d forgotten to give him your works number and a woman answered the phone and said it was a church, Saint Sebastian’s I think?” I um, as Ben looks shocked.
“That’s Giovanni’s church, why would he be calling you? What’s going on?” Eli does a check for the number Jess has on her phone, and it is for the church, so he does a check and there are plenty of calls to and from Paulo.
“Ben, how did Giovanni know Paulo was dead? We had only just found out, and he was on his way over here? I am worried now.” Asher and a constable go for Giovanni. He needs to answer some question. He is brought down, as the madness in the ballroom is calming down, the police have left, and the guys are going to eat. At last, I get to thank Kale, and he’s just glad he could be of help and as he leaves, he smiles.
“An Apache and the Sioux in Scotland, it’s fast becoming a reservation. I am happy to help and if you need company we live on the edge of Leo’s property, my wife Lenny runs a small bed and breakfast!”
“How are we Indians ruling the world, and why are you here in Scotland?” I ask.
“Lenny, she was born here, we fell in love when she came on holiday and persuade me, I’d like it here. Please, bring Jessica to the house she can hang out with the moody daughters I have. They miss America, we have only been here five years, so you’d think they would have settled by now?” I laugh, he may be right, I don’t think Jess will like it here, because it’s very different. He shakes Ben’s hand and heads home.
“He’s nice, you were right we need to regroup our thoughts. Have the Canadian authorities been informed of the possibility your home there is being used?” Eli interjects.
“They are sending their people out, let’s not forget there’s a time difference Sara?” I forget we are dealing with quite a few time zones and are waking people up all over the place. Giovanni is brought down and in Ben’s clothes, he looks so different and I have seen him before…
“Cary Underwood, it’s nice to see you again, why the disguise? Why were you following me? Ben this is the man who has been following me.”
“Why Giovanni, why were you following my family?” He is staring lovingly at me as he did that night, as he walked me to the car.
“Sit please all of you, this is a story that started years ago. I only got involved about a month ago, when our idiot brother got in way above his stupid neck, when you locked him out of the bank accounts Leo. I thought I had escaped from all this crap years ago, but the stupid idiot dragged me back in. I wanted to come and see you with what I had found out Leo, but I needed to see how you would be implicated in it all.
You’re the only one who has ever kept his hands clean and who has been hurt the most Leo, I had to protect you. He came and told me everything just four weeks ago. Please sit. Jessica go and sit with Nonna please, she will need to be relaxed later, and you do that for her. She’s beautiful, Sara, Leo.” I nod, and she goes. Ben sees them in and comes back. Detective Peters wants the conversation taped, which Giovanni readily agrees too. We all sit comfortably, and Eli is running through the records and is still finding things, as is Andy. Ben’s man Joe has just phoned to say Massie is fine, and do we need him here? Ben asks that he stop where he is, they need to speak to Hamish as soon as possible.
“Paulo had screwed up, big time and he needed some help and wondered if my old connections could help, did I still have the codes for the company and a way to get to your money Leo. I refused and ordered him to tell me everything. He said your girls were in danger, that he couldn’t look after them anymore, he couldn’t afford it or to piss a certain person off. He never wanted them dead, just away from Leo and his money. He knew there was a mole in the office, but not who, he had nobody else to trust.
He panicked because Ricco phoned unexpectedly and asked did Leo know he had a kid, and was he having the girls followed? Ricco had two people in his office a woman called Bella, who heard Paulo on the phone to me. I told him not to worry I was now watching the girls and they were on their way to England, and that I was watching them, unfortunately Ricco had men watching her too.
There was also a boy called Louie, who works in accounts apparently, who told Ricco, that Paulo couldn’t access the casino accounts as he could before. They were feeding all the information back to Ricco, go figure he didn’t trust Paulo? I am good with computers too and was able to track the information that had been sent from the offices to Ricco. What Ricco forgets is who taught him the things he knows, and thankfully I had put in a backdoor into all he did, and I know all the names he uses officer.” He passes Eli a stick drive with the information he has, including the entire list of known aliases. Bulmer sits with them and makes notes, and they send the information to the various people involved, including the FBI and Interpol.
“I always knew he was a little unhinged and I needed to cover myself in case he did what I knew he was more than capable of. I’m only surprised it’s taken this long to come to a head. He was and is Declan’s half-brother, Sara. He’d inducted himself into Declan’s world to get to know him in boarding school. Declan’s world included Paulo by this time, and they all three came to spend the summers at the villa for three years or so, before you and Leo met Sara. Ricco watched as I worked, and I was a little high one day, I was busy hacking into the various company bank accounts, just to get funds to travel a little, with friends.
Dad had said no, and that I had to earn the money. If I needed to travel, then I had to work for it. I though wanted to party, not bloody work. That was Leo’s calling not mine, mine was computer hacking and the ever-growing new frontiers of the internet. He watched what I was doing, and I was too buzzed to care, and we talked. I showed him what to do, he was already good, but with me teaching him, he was better. I’m ashamed to say he and I had a liaison, for want of a better word.
I’d say he used me, but he didn’t, I enjoyed it too. Paolo knew nothing other than we hung out doing nerd stuff, which is what he thought we were doing. Until a month ago, I never thought, nor did I ever think my family were at risk with the things I had told him. Ricco told me he only wanted revenge on his father, not my family too. I promise I knew nothing about his hurting the family. I was convinced it was just his father he hated, and he it seemed liked his idiot brother Declan?
I found out things on all Declan’s family though, as they were indirectly involved in Declan’s father’s life, through Declan, information on the old Duchess, your information too Sara, all about your mother and through you, your father William White Eagle Bird, I revealed to him all I had found out. The strange thing about all this is, you hadn’t even met Leo at this time Sara, nor had he met you, but I knew Ricco was a little strange. He was ill, and he had a massive hate thing going on for his father. He then told me who he was, and that he wanted revenge on his father, he’d never been accepted by him as his son.
Declan yes, but never him. He was brought up in care, not by nice people either from what I found out. He was desperate for revenge, but in a strange way, he wanted to belong to a family. He plays on your weak spots, and he’s good at what he does. I was weak and helped him find a way in, with his father, I showed him ways of impressing him, showed him how the internet was the way to launder money for his bosses. Dummy accounts, what amounts to take and where and when was the best time to pay in sums of money, and how much, much of it they would already know, but I invented a backdoor security code. It could piggy back any debit or credit card and allow it to be used as a clean way of transferring smallish cent and penny amounts, and he went to see his father armed with the new information.
They met, and it seems the apple didn’t fall too far from the tree, he is as bad as his father is. He had cast iron identification it seems you pick up legitimate names and birthdates in care. He still didn’t tell him he was his son. He then told Declan who he was, and they came up with a plan to bring down their father. Silly boys, they then went to see your mother, she had things on her ex-lover and Declan knew where she kept the things hidden at the castle, the one she loaned from you Sara?
It was then he fell for the girl in the photos and his obsession with you started that was the summer before you met Leo. He didn’t need me anymore, and I was now getting my head straight and as far as I was aware, they were all three, still best buddies and nothing more? The last summer you were involved with Leo, was when Paulo then realised Ricco’s crush was his own brother’s girlfriend and his best friend’s sister, they laughed a lot at that, Paulo and Declan? You two knew nothing about them being friends for years. They relished rubbing his nose in your romance and he was not happy.
Ricco losing out to Leo was something he took to heart. I do remember they cut the holiday short too. After long talks with my priest, I found my true calling was at the hands of God, but I had a past and Ricco said if I helped him, he wouldn’t tell the church about my fondness for male company. I hasten to add, Ricco was above the age of consent, he was just passing himself off as a much younger person. I like men, not boys or children, just in case you’re wondering officer.
He asked me to find him a proper job, so I did with our company. I got him a legitimate job at head office, he needed to become more organized, a proper job, one with regular wages and a place to live. His father was insistent, or he said he would have nothing more to do with him, he had one idiot son, he didn’t need another, he had told his father who he was, but his father knew already and was waiting for him to come clean. To be accepted by him as an heir and second son, he had to do it all legitimately, and as Richard March, which was his given name at birth.
So he worked in accounts. I thought he had become organized and official, naive of me I know, but he has this way of convincing you it is so. Unluckily for you Sara and Leo, it was where he spotted you together, one afternoon in your office being overly fond with each other? Sara had already knocked him back. I believe he had enrolled into your University to be near you and it was the best course available, also paid for by his father, to get him legitimate qualifications, his father wanted to go straight.
He tried with Declan too, but he hung off your mother’s coat tails and Declan, he didn’t need the money like Ricco did, Ricco didn’t know Paulo was being blackmailed by Declan, his mother wasn’t giving him a penny, she said she had none. Ricco wanted I think, to keep in sweet with his father, he still had plans concerning his fall from grace, but now those revenge plans included you and Sara, Leo. Ricco was still obsessed with her, Leo he hated you, I mean really hated you, and you Sara, well, he was angry.
He said all you were interested with was money, and power and he would have it too and you would love him not Leo. I wasn’t involved with him again after I found him the job at head office and as that was my last summer with the company too, I didn’t give it, or Ricco any more thought. I had found my true calling. I was accepted into the seminary. I had all my university degrees and I wasn’t married, I had abstained from relationships, the last one was Ricco two years before, so I was away from the whole thing.” Ben was looking at his brother in disbelief. 
“So, at Donatella’s funeral you knew what Paulo was involved in and said nothing? Giovanni what were you thinking of not saying anything? Did you not think he could have had something to do with it, Dad mentioned that Marco was friends with dodgy people, you could have said it was Paulo, not Marco, you do know they are buried apart because Dad was convinced because Donatella had died, and it was Marco who had as good as killed his beloved daughter?”
“No Paulo wasn’t involved, he told me he wasn’t, and I believed him at the time, as far as I was aware, they were just boarding school friends. Paulo started working for the company at the same time you fell for each other, he was kept in the dark about Ricco working for us. He didn’t know him as Richard Marsh, just Ricco Marquise. I was the one Ricco had used, not Paulo. I only found all this shit out when he, Paulo told me everything a month ago. It took him two days to tell me everything. I’m only giving you the condensed version. He has files too they are hidden somewhere. I haven’t been able to find them either, and yes I have looked for them.
He said they were his insurance policy, they didn’t do him much good, and he wasn’t such a forward thinker or planner wasn’t our little brother. I put all that behind me when I found God, and I thought it was all behind me too, until Paulo got me involved again. So, that’s our past explained briefly, now to begin with the time from Paulo’s first contact with me in years… The first thing I did was set about making sure Sara and your daughter were kept safe. I needed to see if she was your daughter, because Paulo was convinced she wasn’t. Ricco told him she was his. Was he a fool, don’t answer that, it was a rhetorical question, she’s Donatella’s double.” I sobbed and said it wasn’t even a possibility then fell backwards in my chair, to be calmed and shushed by both Ben and Giovanni.
“So, I had some people follow them to keep them safe all the way from Arizona to Richmond, down the coast for sightseeing, back here to London, and then you took over, it seems you found out about your daughter too and I pulled them off watching her. Unfortunately, one of my team, pulled from security at the firm, was on Ricco’s payroll, he told them of their every move. I didn’t know I had put them in more danger. I am sorry I thought I was looking out for them, my family.
I knew your team were good, so I had no concerns leaving them. I had lost Paulo though; the little shit gave me the slip. My need to protect them was greater than watching his arse. I followed the girls thinking he would be following them, but no it was just me, two of your men Leo and two of Ricco’s men, they were getting close inside the theatre, you’d let Jess go to the toilet on her own. I allowed you Sara, to see me. You were a little jumpy, but more on the ball. I made sure she saw me at the restaurant, and on her walk home to the car, once she was safely to her car, I met up with the chap I had helping me, who told me there was police activity at Sara’s mothers flat.
He had asked about and the neighbours told him the woman had died along with her son. I jumped in as Father Vinci saying I was the family’s priest, nobody argues with a priest in a dog collar, besides I have all the proper paperwork and your men let me in Detective Peters and all above board too. It was at that point, I saw the ring I realised it wasn’t Declan, I looked at the face it was a mess swollen and not easy recognisable, but his scar was there the one he got from the time you Leo, threw him from the balcony at the villa and he hit his head and broke his leg.
I wanted to scoop him in my arms, but I prayed for his soul and blessed him, anointed his body and went in search of his killers. I was livid, and still am. I forgot I was a priest. I wanted to find and kill my brother’s killer, so I went back to the apartment and went looking for Ricco and Declan. The Marquis had recently bought your castle Sara, for a small fortune, and had allowed three men to stay there. They worked for the supposed Marquis as fake realtors and they each had sold it to quite a lot of gullible Americans, between them they have sold the castle between four and six times each already and taken very hefty deposits off them, and he’s only had it a week.
He will claim ignorance saying the castle isn’t up for sale and keep it, it’s called a short con, a lot of money comes in quickly. The title is obviously a fake, but there is very little on the internet about this Marquis’s personal life, so Richard stepped in as the new Marquis, so the making of the con is all the more believable with a title. Americans are too gullible where titles are concerned, especially the air heads the realtors targeted, rich bored housewives, they were buying a castle from a Marquis after all, so it had to be for real right? 
I set off to see if it was Ricco and Declan, I went to see if the girls were safe and as I did, I saw they were packing and then I tailed the girls up here. I saw that they were safely here, and you arrived a little later, so I knew they would be safe. I then went on to the see if they were in the castle. I spotted the three men and didn’t recognise any of them, so hung around it was then I went to the tower having seen a flash of light in the room at the top, it was then I got clumsy.
I was heading up the stairs and got whacked on the head from behind and locked in the damned tower with no way of getting out, they had duct taped me to a chair and drugged me. I have been there since God knows when, I would say about two days? The fellas didn’t hear my bangs against the floor, it seems it was sound proofed my prison cell. Nobody had been to see me and as you saw I was rather filthy, so now you know. I need to help find him. I did find out a lot about Ricco’s business dealings between the three of them, I can help with that?” Detective Peters agrees the more people working on it the quicker we will find him. Giovanni talks to Eli.
“Paulo had told Ricco about Marco getting too close, he had found out about the money laundering and Ricco arranged for their accident. He had been blackmailing Paulo into laundering money, he knew of his addiction problems, and his part in the death our sister. Our brother Paulo had a problem with white powder and gambling, and he was in a mess. He was supplying your brother Declan for years, Declan was blackmailing him too, but for cash and drugs. His father gave him some information on Paulo that he had about the getting rid of Donatella and her husband? He used it well and all too often, and so over the years Declan has drained him dry, he was taking money from the ‘clean money accounts. If we look at those account’s he may still be using it?” Eli taps away.
“No nothing in this account, there’s another in the Grand Cayman, we need your expertise Andy. Detective Peters, you may want to go for a drink of tea or something, you too Bulmer.”
“Consider us drinking tea right now, continue. How did they know they had been rumbled?”
“Right, I will tell you how I found out, off the record, and I will not tell you or give you any other information I deem you do not to need to know?” He agreed, and the recorders were stopped. “I planted a bug in the flat, well several actually. I happened to be in the church around the corner from the flat of your mother Sara, it seems she found God in her last few months. I was actually calling on an old friend, as he was the new parish priest, when he got a call to see a Mrs Kullberg, from her secretary. She said she needed to confess her sins, and be given the last rites, but unfortunately, he was busy with another person, so I offered to go.
I swear it was an act of God, I wasn’t meant to be going, but it was too good an opportunity to miss. Yes, I just happened to have the stuff in my car, I stocked up when Paulo came to see me. We were going to bug the flat anyway. I cannot and will not be able to tell you of her confession, only that they were all written down and to be in her new revised book, the one I believe they think they stole, but that too was a dummy. There is a copy, but nobody knows where it is? She told nobody, not even the secretary.
I think Declan is intending to blackmail people with the copy he has and if he does, he’s a fool. It will get him killed, as your mother, she hoped he would. She was unsure of her nurse in the last few days and dropped into a telephone conversation, the existence of the second fake book and sure enough, after the conversation the nurse phoned Declan.” I laugh this is becoming a bloody espionage tale of epic proportions and all this was going on, and nobody had a clue? I am for a better word flummoxed by it all.
“Ricco knew of course that Declan was still friends with Paulo, and they went to see Mother Kullberg, in doing so they were hoping to catch Declan, but he wasn’t there. However, the nurse was, and imagine his surprise to find out it was an old friend from a way back in their past, so she told him what he asked, she was too afraid not to. She was to have given him your child Sara, he seemed to think it was his, delusions I know.
She didn’t want to let him down again, he nearly killed her for letting you escape the last time. He told her she would pay her well for her silence and that when Declan returned, she was to give him a call. He left, but on his way out he made a call, he wanted them both out of the way, as they had been loose cannons for far too long, the nurse too was to be killed. She was in love with Declan, so told him all about the visit telling them they had to get out and that the ten million was enough. Declan was too greedy he wanted your mother’s book too.
Once they drugged her, she told them where it was, in her living room bookshelf hidden in a photograph album. She also said to her nurse mistaking her for you perhaps Sara. To use it wisely, Declan would kill for that information, and minutes later he did he injected her as she slept, laughing as he did it.” I cried as he told me, and Ben swept me into his arms. I really cried for my mother, she had been killed because of the life she led, and in the end her worst mistake killed her, for the knowledge of all her other mistakes. Karma really was a kick arsed bitch. 
“Declan must have swept the flat too, he found my devices so after that I was in the dark. I tried to find Paulo, but the little idiot had, as I said, given me the slip. I can only assume from the dead body, they already had him drugged up in the other bedroom and killed him. When I went to do her last confession, it was the only room I couldn’t get into the nurse’s room. They must have finished him off after Ricco’s visit, because when I went to the flat to see if he was there, the flat was awash with police by the time I got there. Then the neighbour as I said assumed it was the actress and her son Declan, and I only assumed it to be true, not that they had committed suicide, but that Ricco had had them killed and made it look like suicide, as he had said in the conversation, he was clearing away his loose ends.
He had to keep Paulo alive though, he was the man dealing with the casinos, and unfortunately Brother Dear, your locking Paulo out of the system, caused him the problems that made him come and see me, you closed down his access to big money. Then your Brother Sara, he did the stupid thing and killed Paulo. Ricco’s men were following you too, you were I think going to be snatched and used to get to get his money back, but I don’t think he would have stopped at just your fortune, I think he wanted you both dead. He had found a way into get the land he needed, and the casino money he needed, he was so mad for revenge he isn’t thinking straight.
Leo had enough money for him never to have needed another thing in his life, and he would not have had to work every again, there is enough to live out his life in sheer luxury, but he’s mad. Really mad, there’s a lot of information on his late mother, she was a paranoid schizophrenic, and I don’t think the lad missed that apple either. They spotted me and were following me, I was too busy trying to sort this mess out to make sure I wasn’t being followed, and well I was abducted and shut in the bloody tower. The thing is they said Paulo was dead and Declan was out there pretending to be dead. How the hell they knew, I don’t know. I was the only one who spotted it was Paulo and told no one, they were waiting for Ricco to come and get the information from me, they had another brother to get it for them?” Eli listened in.
“Perhaps Redwing tipped them off?” I shouted to Eli.
“No, he was out kidnapping you. When Andrea came back with Detective Peters and Constable Bulmer and told you.” He looked around putting his finger to his lips and then to his ears, he signed to me and to Andy, he told everyone to keep talking.
“Right enough for now we all need to eat and get something to drink the pair of them will still be out there, they don’t know we know all this, so will be holed up somewhere. We are all tired and hungry and we need to regroup our thoughts and come back with fresh eyes and ears. Yes?”
“You’re right Miss Bird, we won’t get anywhere unless we eat and drink, this will still be here in ten minutes.”
“Good thinking besides Detective Peters, I think we have to rescue Jess from Mom, Giovanni you need to be introduced to Jessica too.” Eli and the others swept the room and he was right we were being listened too, and the bugs were everywhere, in the dining room, the library and just everywhere. Eli cleared the games room and we all went in there, leaving Andrea and Asher in the ballroom moving around and making a noise.
“Right, I can block the signal that’s not a problem, but whoever is listening will know we are on to them, we can find out from the bugs the distance they need to be to hear the conversation and circle out and find them. We can feed them misinformation too. We can even set a trap to catch them, what do you think?”
“It will only be the lackeys we catch, the same as the ones in the car earlier. I can get Kale to round up some men and find them give them the coordinates they wouldn’t think anything off it. If we were all still in here talking and keeping it real, and they will just look like a party out hunting. Bring them in, so their boss doesn’t know we have whoever they are in our custody, and then we set a trap to catch the boss, either its Declan or its Ricco?”
“Good idea are the men going to be safe?” Giovanni asks and Ben laughs.
“Kale is the best man for the job, and he knows what he is doing, I need a secure phone. Eli are the phones bugged?” I sigh again, technology has been allowed to advance too quickly, and into the realms of science fiction!
Now anyone with the correct software can find whomever they want, they can clone a phone, they can hack into your computers. When all this is over, we are going to live on the ranch, with no phones, computers or anything, because this had been an eye-opening revelation for me. All I bloody wanted was to show Jess where I was born and where Ben and I fell in love. Gheeze, this is a nightmare and all because of Ricco and my bloody mother and brother… Good job I didn’t tell anyone I had the true copy of the book in my case upstairs, there is definitely some bedtime reading to be done.
Eli finds the range of the listening devices, its five hundred meters, they are on the property, so the trackers will have to be looking for a car parked within the grounds. Two people have been out and checked the outbuildings, the bugs have a limited battery time on them too. I know we had until two days ago people coming and going. Now no one was getting in here Eli reckons at most, the devices have a day of listening time left. I go and help cook rustle up food, bless her she has been run ragged, she is tired and grumpy.
I tell her to go to bed with a cup of tea and stay there until she feels like getting back up, I insist. She does and as I carry the things through, the rabble are helping themselves. We are now on misdirection’s and I go to talk to Ben and his family in the now clean family lounge, this has Jess all excited and high, Mom is confused and me? I want to sleep for a week, it’s been the craziest day of my life. Shit, I was in a tower for months, that was crazy, but this is something straight from a spy film.
“Mom, we are going to Italy for the summer you’re getting married at Nonna and Nonna’s villa and Uncle Giovanni is marrying you, isn’t that cool?” I smile as I look at her
“Way cool Little Bird, way cool. I think Jessica Jay it’s time for bed, Nonna is stopping in your room and Nonno is in the room right next door, you all have had a busy day. Your dad and I, we will come up with Uncle Giovanni in a while. Do you want Dad to tuck you in, it seems he likes doing it, now that he can?”
“Nah, I will be fine Dad, besides Nonna will beat you to it.” They all disappear to their rooms, leaving Giovanni and I to talk.
“Did my mother suffer, when they killed her? Please be honest with me you listened as they did it.”
“No, she was already asleep, they just pumped it in through the iv drip, she wouldn’t have felt anything. Paulo though he would have really suffered, I am thankful I wasn’t able to listen, I wish I hadn’t gone back to the mews thinking he was still there. If I’d have stopped there, I would have been able to save him.”
“It’s pointless blaming yourself, you didn’t make him do as he did, he and my brother were damaged, and all because of their years of drug use and you couldn’t stop them from using. God knows Declan had enough tries to kick it, they were just unable to give it up. They had addictive personalities, I have one too for Rocky Road ice cream and English chocolate, it’s less dangerous it seems. Can I ask you, when you first found out about me, why did you not just think to tell Ben, he found out about me by seeing Jess at his gym?”
“I know, I was outside when he went in, I was following you did you forget? I was so sure he would see you. When he came out of the gym, he threw up, got in his car, and cried really cried. I so wanted to comfort him, but you were being watched, so I couldn’t make my presence known. As soon as he got to his office, or even in his car I would imagine, he put his team straight on it, because Big Mike and the boys were watching you.
All within less than twenty minutes of him leaving the gym, so I knew you would be safe. He was so upset that summer and for months after you disappeared, he cried for weeks. He flew back from America though a much changed man, heartless and cold. He hasn’t had anyone in his life who meant anything to him, Mom was so worried for him, he has always needed someone to love in his life and the months he spent with you were the happiest I have ever seen him, and I see it in him again, more so with Jessica. You are happy no?”
“I can’t tell you how happy I was seeing him again, I was angry at him for so long, for dying and leaving me, but not for too long because I had Jessica, and she brought him back to me, so he never really left me, he though had nobody and that makes me sad. To think we could have been happy and together, but for our brothers and Richard, he was the one settling their debts for my baby? That I can’t believe. One cheek kiss ruined my life and he thought Jess was his?” Giovanni held me tightly.
“Let it go Sara, there’s no doubt she’s a Vinci. She has my sister in her to keep her safe, she is beautiful and has made Leo a very happy man, especially as she comes attached with the only woman he has ever loved.” I cry a little more.
“We will try to make it up to him. I promise Giovanni.” Ben came back with news they had two men and a van in their custody. Kale had found them.
“He has earned my share of the Hawking Centre today, what do you think Sara?”
“If you want, it’s up to you, do you need the income?” He laughed and agreed he didn’t.
“Well come on let’s see if you know them Giovanni?” We went to the ballroom they were being man handled into the room when we got there.
I didn’t know them, neither did Ben and Giovanni said they were the ones who were following me. They refused to talk. Detective Peters even turned a blind eye whilst Asher tried to persuade them. It was useless, they were more afraid of their boss than Asher, it wasn’t Declan then? They were taken away, the police cells in Glasgow were filling up nicely as the three con men realtors had now joined them. The bugs are all disabled and are in a plastic bag and in the outside freezer of all places.
“We have found something Sara. Your Grandmother had a property in Ireland, did you go there much?”
“No, never she had a bad time there, that’s where William died, so she never went back why?”
“The powers been on for the past two months and the telephone line has been reactivated, any chance Declan knew about that?”
“Yes, Mom did a film out there one time, before I was born. She always bragged about it too, it’s in the damn farce of a book too. It’s in Coachford, near Cork. I’d forgotten I owned it as I have never ever been. It’s about ten kilometres from the airport, I think. Grandy had an offer on it, years ago, but refused to sell it. She wanted it to fall into disrepair and fall down. Apparently, it was what did her William in? I think it’s were Mom may have been born too, she was Irish, but then again, she had four birth certificates that I know of, the ages were all different. She seemed to get younger on each one. I never asked about it either. I had too many places to see without adding that to the list, besides she hated the place and I mean hated it.”
“It belonged to Williams’s younger brother and sister. I see William inherited on their death, two weeks after your mother’s birth. Then it passed to your grandmother, the title then passed to your brother five months ago?”
“No, it’s mine, as is the cottage in Wales, and the cottage in the woods near Paris, oh shit and the chalet in Switzerland, as I said I have houses everywhere, all being sold. I don’t need the houses or the responsibility that comes with them. The bastard, he must have forged my signature and transferred the deeds to himself. The fucking little shit is that where he is then?”
“Yes, I would think so, he will be unaware you know about it, considering you had forgotten about it. Would that be safe to say?” I nod, how can you own property and forget you have it? Bugger, I need to streamline my properties, and fast.
“Do you have any sway in Cork, Detective Peters, or do we have to go through the process of arrest and await transfer to London? We can get him and fly him straight to London?” Eli asks?
“Strictly speaking he’s in an EU country we have extradition treaties within all EU countries, I could go ask for the Gardaí to help arrest him, take custody, and bring him back. Can you do it quickly and quietly?” I laugh.
“Andrea is going with them, so hell yes.” I smile as Andrea sees my face.
“Do it and straight back to London. Bulmer go with them just in case. Got your passport?” He nods. He takes the micky, because he’d told Bulmer he needed it get into Scotland, he only needs to show his warrant card at the airport, poor man I’m sure the warrant card is valid in Ireland too?
“See you back to London and keep us informed.”
“The jets waiting and good luck, do you need Mike?”
“Yes please, I will just take Mike and Bulmer, I will get us in. I don’t suppose you have a key?”
“I doubt the bloody doors are even still on, it’s been over thirty-five years since Mom did the film there, and nearly sixty years since Grandy went there. She must have been heavily pregnant with Mom back then?” Ben hugs me tightly.
“Keep yourself safe and keep in touch. Right you lot, securities changed on the doors, get some sleep I have a feeling it’s going to be a long night again.” They do as they are asked and grab some sleep whilst they can. Me, I am nearly asleep on my feet, and my ankle is sore now too.
“Sleep, I need it Ben, and lots of it.” He laughed.
“Just sleep? It seems a long time since we had some quality time together Baby.”
“I swear you have one thing on your mind Leonardo Benito Vinci, do you ever stop?”
“Sometimes, when you’re asleep, even then I get the urge to wake you.” We grab a not so quick shower and spend the night doing the usual bedroom Olympics, when I eventually fall asleep, it’s soundly, and I don’t hear him get up. I am awoken with a kiss and good news they have Declan in London. The Royal Canadian Mounties have had no luck at the hunting lodge, it hasn’t been used in months. Oh my, the world didn’t stop working whilst I slept.
“We will work on finding Ricco today. Baby you are safe and here with me. Jess is safe, oh hell I love you.” I murmur my thanks into his kisses.
“I love you more, now I’m awake and in need of your body again, what say you get that cute arse in this bed?”
“Oh hell, yes…”


Chapter 13:


We went down to breakfast, the whole team had regrouped and slept well, Declan wouldn’t tell them anything and he was keeping silent. I watched as the team got down to it again.
“This would all be easier if we knew what was in the book, Declan didn’t have it on him, and Giovanni cannot divulge the secret of the confessional, he let us know more than he should have by telling us she had written it all down.” I looked at Jess, who nodded, then I dashed to my room and I pulled out the manuscript and took it to Eli.
“I wanted to read it first, there’s stuff in there that is personal to me, I don’t care about the dirt she had on people, and I just wanted to read about the family stuff. Sorry for not giving it you yesterday, good job I didn’t, they could have fed Richard, Ricco, or Ricco whatever name he’s going by, the information.”
“Never mind we have it now Sara, it will be fine. Detective Peters is heading back to London. The jet is waiting to take him back, what’s in here stays between us, the book is yours to do as you will with.” Defective Peters had his bag and was saying goodbye.
“I will keep Eli informed as to anything we find out you’ll do the same. I really should take the book with me, but my superiors think Declan has the only copy, so I will keep quiet for now, thank you Mr Vinci, Miss Bird, it’s been an interesting couple of days. I will see you soon and hopefully you will be able to bury your families soon.” I look at Ben. My brother killed his brother, and he must hate me? I know his mother is being told today, so we will have to brace ourselves for the fallout from that.
“We would love it if you and your family came to stop here again, come and be the guest of the castle at any time, my home is your home.”
“Thank you I will keep you to that, now I need to get to London and interview Mr Kullberg and let him know we have another copy of the book, it may loosen his tongue a little, especially when I share what I know, and that his copy is another fake! It may persuade him to talk?” I go to see to Jess. She is eating in the kitchen and is helping herself to pancakes. The breakfast of champions, I am actually starving too. I graze the breakfast buffet and sit and eat with her and Nonna, I listen in as she talks and smiles, this will be different later when she knows her son is dead, and my brother did it. Ben came back into the dining room and grabs himself breakfast.
“I worked up an appetite Sara, we need to eat, it seems we forgot yesterday, how’s the ankle Baby?”
“Fine, my prides more dented. I trusted him like no other, he held all that hate inside for so long, he killed and stole for what? Money? Had he asked, I would have given him more. He was resentful to the girl who killed his son, why, when he was there to kill her anyway. She just grabbed him for safety and in doing so, he died too and what for, just to cover my disappearance?
She must have been so afraid, when she died Ben? She was as young as Jess when they did it.” I was held, as I sobbed for the poor girl. “I will give them their property back, as its mine anyway. Bloody Declan signs my name better than he signs his own. I know it’s not going to bring her back, but hell I need to sort out my affairs and quickly. When is enough, enough Ben? I am giving most of mine away. The property sales can all go to the Mustang charity. I have enough to last a lifetime, as does Jess. You too need to trim down, and I want you in my life a lot longer and without all the stress too.” Ben laughed.
“Dad said the same thing this morning, we are downsizing, and we have had a good offer in for the hotels and the casinos. Vinci Enterprises, however, we are keeping. I still need to work, but instead of buying companies, then splitting them up and selling them off for profit, I am going to help them get back on their feet and resurrect them instead, as you say we have enough money. We need to give back. Once, a very opinionated girl I fell in love, with told me that. I forgot all about her wise wisdom for a while, so I’m doing my best to give back from now on.” Eli comes in for breakfast.
“Sara, can I speak in private?” I smile.
“We have no secrets Uncle Eli. Ben needs to hear everything too.”
“As you wish Boss Lady, this is hard and very personal, but the book starts from the day your Grandmother gave birth to her in Ireland… Well, Grandy was her aunt, not her mother. It seems her mother was William’s sister and, her father his brother, your mother was born out of an incestuous relationship. William and Jessica were there at the insistence of his brother, Faulkner, her mother was called Bridey. She had apparently died during your mother’s horrific childbirth, she too was apparently mad as a March Hare, and he didn’t want the baby because it too would be like its mother, she was damaged. I might add Sara I would be mad as a hatter if I too was raped and by her own brother too, then kept locked in the house day after day, all whilst being raped and tortured daily.
The incestuous relationship, rape or imprisonment Sara, I find it horrendous which ever words are used, and I only used relationship, because she herself was told, that was what it was. The things Faulkner made his sister endure, it all started when Faulkner went a little mad with rage when he saw her cavorting with a doctor at a works function. She was dragged out kicking and screaming and was never allowed back to work. She was a very good junior doctor from the records I have found, but he put paid to her furthering her career by impregnating her, she had no mental issues Sara, not being a good Doctor she had test after test.
He locked her away until she gave birth and was as you were, when you came to us in Arizona, a mess and lonely, but far from mad. She was sane enough to write Grandy a long letter asking her to look after her baby and another letter asking them to send for William, she had hoped they would both come before the baby was born, but alas, they arrived too late, and were told the birth had killed her. The staff after her death, sent an urgent telegraph to London, telling William he needed to come and sort out his brother and quickly, he was mad. They were worried about his nieces’ health and safety.
They went to sort it all out and were going to bring back their niece Daniella to be raised as their own, as Bridey had requested. Unfortunately, Faulkner was racked with guilt at forcing himself upon his own sister, he confessed all to William and well…” Eli gulped as he watched me. “Faulkner, he committed suicide, after he handed the child over in that house in Ireland, all watched by William, he was unable to stop him. The whole thing caused him to have a massive heart attack, and he too died minutes later, here are the news cuttings from the time.” He handed them over. I cried again. I was in shock too.
“It seems Grandy had no other choice but to raise your mother as her own. Your mother Daniella was clueless about it all. She finally found out everything, when she stopped at the house. She’d stopped there for a film she made, just before your birth. The place she wrote was like a time capsule, locked up, as it was the day she left with Grandy. She explored and found all her father Faulkner’s papers, as well as Bridey’s diaries. She liked to write too and kept a well documented log of what he did and when, everything was documented in her diaries, which your mother found when she stopped there. She found out everything all about her dubious parentage and her subsequent adoption by your Grandy, and also that they had left her quite wealthy. She however, never forgave Grandy for lying to her.” I know that I oh-ed because I had a strong arm around me.
“Grandy wasn’t my grandmother? She was my great-aunt?” He nodded.
“Your mother wasn’t lying about giving her to your grandmother to be raised as her own, she knew she would only fail if she did. She was giving you to her mother, because she didn’t want a damaged baby, she’d read up on it and thought you would be deformed, or brain damaged. She was convinced you would be a bad seed born from incest, she was also drunk and on drugs and continued using them until Grandy rescued you. Your mother was selling you, when Grandy stepped forward and said she wanted you, and the deal was done.
When the papers were signed it was under the strict instructions, you were never to be told, that your grandmother had bought you and become your legal guardian, she also made it clear if your father tried to claim you, she would take you back, she wanted her mother to fail with you as she had with her, but Grandy proved she wasn’t at fault, she raised you well and loved you more than she loved anyone, you were hers, and hers alone. Her free spirited, beautiful girl with beauty and brains. It annoyed your mother that Grandy wasn’t to blame for her mental deficiency, that was all her own doing.” I collapsed in a heap on the floor, crying.
“Baby please shush, Grandy loved you, imagine who your mother could have sold you to? I for one am very thankful she did step in. Jess and I thank her too, without her doing that we wouldn’t have you.” I oh-ed again and was awash with tears. God how and why was my life getting even more confusion thrown at it?
“Your mother was a very messed up young lady, the things in this book could ruin many, many people, some deserve it others don’t, people she slept with to gain favours for her then boyfriend Alfredo Milinero, he used her to entertain men, to gain things to blackmail them with. He was when he was alive a much feared man.” I sobbed again.
“Was he Declan and Richards’s father?”
“No, that was the head of a big family in Sicily. Stefano ‘The Black Angel’ Marcelo, he too was to be feared, she told The Angel, what Alfredo has planning, and he dealt with him. She goes into graphic detail about how he killed him with his bare hands and watched as they dismembered his body, she knows where all the bodies are hidden, literally. There is a two page list of things he will spend a lifetime in prison for doing, and authorising.
As will his right-hand man and his eldest son, Stefano Junior. He, Richard and Declan are the only boys he has left, two others were killed in hits, and one is brain damaged after racing his car off the road in Italy, the family is I believe, very like the actual Godfather films. Such a disappointment to him they are. He had hoped they would go straight, but they are both mentally disturbed, seems they both inherited those genes from their mothers.”
I can’t believe the family I indirectly belong to. What must Ben think of me? I don’t have to ask he is killing me with the death hugs. Jessica has escaped her Nonna’s clutches and comes laughing into the room. I smile as she looks at me, her eyes bright and that smile, she is my family, she and Ben.
“Mom I’m so bored, I need to get out of this place Asher says he will take me shopping. Please can we go, please Mom, Dad pleaseeeeee?”
“Jess, I will take you, your mom needs some rest, I’m sure Nonna will be up for some shopping too? Please don’t worry Sara we will take security with us and Asher.” I laugh as Asher gives me the eye. I know that look, he hates shopping with Jess.
“That would be nice, get something for Hamish and his family, and take a trip to the hospital too.” My phone goes off and I answer it, and as I listen, I signal to Eli. I place it on speaker, so everyone can hear it.
“Hello Sara, it’s been a long time. We really have to meet up some time and soon. I do hope you have enjoyed the fifteen years you had with our daughter, there won’t be many more. I think this game has played out far too long now. Give my regards to the would be new father of my child. I will be seeing you soon Sara.”
“Richard, is that you? What are you playing at, why have you done all this? Just because I said no, all those years ago. Jessica is Ben’s child. I have yet to know of a cheek kiss, making a girl have an eighteen month pregnancy. Why are you being like this, you need help, come in and get it Richard, stop this now, people have been hurt and have died. What for because you didn’t get what you wanted that night?”
“No, because you chose him and not me, he will pay, he has lost you once, and he will lose you again. Enjoy your time together it’s going to be over soon Sara, so very soon au revoir. I really miss our conversations. Your friends have all been too posh, too rich, and are brainless truffle munching, Champagne swilling morons. Now had you studied with me things would have been so very different. Were my gifts never good enough? Did they not cost enough? Was I not rich enough? Pity too because I am now rich beyond my wildest dreams, and I have the book too and Declan will not speak.
Father says he will see to it, no matter what money lover boy has, I have the connections, my father was thankful for the book, so thankful he is making me he is heir. So now I have everything, wealth, power and I will have my revenge on you. Declan isn’t safe not even in Scotland Yard, and neither are you. Bye Babes see you soon, you know where to find me, don’t leave me in the wilderness too long, if you want to save the lovely Leo from dying too, you know where to meet me.” He put the phone down.
“He wasn’t on long enough. Sorry Sara.” I needed clarity, my head was swimming and it ached. It was decided to let Jess go shopping with her father and Nonna. Security are going too, I just wanted to get my head around the madness of the last few days and now the phone call, this all can’t be because I said no? Grabbing the book from Eli, I decided I needed to see what my mother had got Jess and I messed up with, who were the next crazy Italian’s coming into our lives? Were we in more danger and who else had she pissed off? I needed information on the stranger I had for a mother.
I watched as the convoy headed out. Was this going to be Jess’s world from now on, being kept a virtual prisoner? I settled in with a cup of tea and wrapped in a blanket. My security on the prowl, why though? He couldn’t swoop in and grab me, not from the roof anyway. I read the book and if I hadn’t known it was about my mother, I would have sworn it was a film plot, literally. The things about Grandy were there in black and white and a shock. I knew Grandy had her reasons, I’m sure she loved me, there wasn’t a day I didn’t feel her love. She didn’t fail me, she made me who I am, strong and independent, thank you Grandy.
Then as I read, I read of the places where Sal, and she would meet, a house in Soho, their love pad? I read the book cover to cover, and as I read, I was more shocked at the things she did and her reasons. I was glad I had nothing to do with mother now, she was all sorts of messed up. I put the book down, as the light was fading, and just as the parade was returning. I made my tired way back down the castle steps, to be greeted by Jess with more bags and boxes than I had ever seen before.
“Did you leave them anything else to sell Jessica Jay?”
“Mom it was great, we went in every shop in Edinburgh, we saw the castle. I have a load of cool photos and Asher has a kilt, but Dad said no. I have new clothes and a cool coat. I really had such a fun day thanks for letting me go Mom, did you have fun?” I ummed...
“Sort of, I’m glad you had fun Little Bird, go and unpack I need to speak to your dad and Uncle Eli.”
“Cool Mom see you at dinner.” I went to find Ben, Eli, Leonardo and Giovanni.
“Hi, any leads?”
“We have narrowed it down to Paris or London, Declan was surprised to hear there was another copy of the book and is now singing, as his little nurse did the other day. He is being watched because they took the threat seriously.” I fill them in on the book.
“Declan’s father and of course Richards too, had a home in Soho, it was where he took all his mistresses apparently, that’s worth a look-see.” I gave the address to Eli, who was sharing with Scotland Yard and Detective Peters, they all looked tired and they had found more aliases and one of them was booked on a flight to Mexico, another on a flight to Venezuela, another to Costa Rica and one to Russia.
“Chances are he isn’t on any flight. I doubt he is in England either...” I ummed as I tried to get my head around the book and then it hit me, he was in my home, in Paris. The conversation we had, and I remembered his cutting remarks as he said goodbye.
“I know where he is, I know he’s in La Ville Du Bois. I have a smallish, cabin in the woods there, called ‘La Petite, de région sauvage maison,’ or in English, ‘The little wilderness home.’ I went to it the weekend after he made a pass at me, to get away from his constant need to be near me and to get a little space. I went with some others just to study. I said to the others we were being watched, but as we studied, we drank champagne and ate only the good food, which Graham and his girlfriend had brought from Harrods. 
Bobbie and his boyfriend had food delivered from a really posh food store in Paris and more supplies, we all went there in Travis’s Rolls Royce too. Shit, no wonder he thought I was money mad. What with the posh friends I was studying with? They were the only ones who didn’t have jobs and were the only ones who could come. Hell, he really did follow me there and watched me? I was pursued relentlessly after that weekend. I’d have deliveries of flowers and I was sent Champagne, truffles, good food from Harrods, dresses from Dior, shoes from Prada. Oh my God, how could he have been so stupid? I thanked him for helping me with a project with one kiss to the cheek, and all this is because of that?”
“Where is the cottage Sara?”
“It’s between the Route de Montlhéry and Rue Léon Chartier, Saulxles Chartreux, it’s off the road to Orleans. Turn right after the big farm on the road, the one with the water tower and greenhouses, it was painted green way back then? Then take the first turning on the right, and its approximately half a kilometre down the dirt path, or you can come in off the shallow stream to the back of the property, there is a quieter track to the rear of the property, but slightly longer to walk down. It’s used a lot by horses, I used to ride down it. It’s set back in the woods and the cottage is hidden from the road. I think he wants me to go, I can lure him out?” Eli looks just as shocked as Asher does, but not as mad as Ben and Leonardo.
“What no. No way am I putting you in danger. We will send in the best to get to him, I already have a team standing by Sara. I have called in a few favours and the least said the better.” Uncle Eli was shouting at me.
“This could be our only chance, what if he isn’t there what if he’s watching us here? I think it’s too convenient that he told me where he was, this could be a setup, to kill me?”
“Sara, I have a woman who from a distance would easily pass as you, she’s the same build and complexion, throw on a blonde wig and she could be you. She is Mossad and highly trained Boss Lady, they all are. They are just awaiting instructions, they are going to hit both the Soho house and the Paris cottage at the same time, along with Ben’s place in Paris.” I nod approval, as if I have any say in this soap opera, I call my life?
“It will take them an hour to get to their positions from Paris. So now we wait.” I needed to eat, and I go to the kitchen closely followed by Ben.
“I have too many properties. Grandy liked to buy homes that were quirky and out of the way, the cottage was where she honeymooned with William, it’s a hunting lodge, oh hell, it has cellars and a tunnel leading to a barn off the property. I should have told Eli. I am so fed up of all this. This has been almost the worst couple of days in my life. Ben, build be a house with a twenty-foot wall around it, with woods and a stream, land for my horses, and it needs to be safe for us to raise our daughter in?”
“Your wish is my command, where do you want it here Arizona, Italy, where?”
“Anywhere as long as were together and Jess is safe. I don’t care.”
“We won’t have to build it if we move to Italy. You have just described our new home. They are finishing it off as we speak. Mom and Dad's place wasn’t safe, it was far too open. We would have to share it with them though?” I laugh as he comes in for a cuddle.
“We will have to look at it then, I know one little girl who will be happy, she misses her Grandfather so much and Grandy too, they were like two peas in a pod after all. Your place, it sounds perfect. Come on we need food, I have a good feeling about tonight, are you up for bedroom Olympics?”
“I think that’s a distinct possibility, seeing as I need the exercise. We are being watched.” I snuggle into his neck.
“She’s getting used to seeing us together now, I think she only mildly blushes when you kiss me now Ben.” He leans in and takes me in his arms, lifting me to his lips as he does.
“Well, let’s join her and my parents for dinner then, I believe Mom saw the perfect wedding dress for you today. Jess talked her out of buying it though, saying you knew the very dress you wanted?” I know I’m blushing.
“I do yes, like all little girls I planned my perfect wedding a long time ago. But I think the Cinderella theme wouldn’t suit me now. I am after all quite old and past it.”
“Past it, old, who the hell are you and where’s Sara? My fiancée is not old nor is she past it. She is however getting her dream wedding.”
“I know your mom wants big and an all singing all dancing affair, I just want small family and intimate?”
“Me too, you me Jess, is that too small?”
“Yes, I think we would kill your poor Mom, Uncle Eli would kill me, and Jess wants a posh frock. Enough wedding talk we need food and our all-night Olympics, you need building up Mr Vinci.”
“Mom, Dad… I still think that’s so cool saying Dad. I don’t suppose we can go hunting tomorrow, or can we?” I looked at Ben and then at Asher, they both were shaking their heads.
“Correct we can’t Little Bird, there is still a very bad man out there, and he has to be caught first. We will be going back to London in two or three days and hopefully, we will be able to come back when we have been to see our new house in Italy.”
“Italy, we are living in Italy, yeah so awesome and all year? Do we get to go back to the ranch? Can we still keep Grandys house? This place too?”
“I can’t see why not, Dad and I are downsizing, and upsizing on the main house, because Nonna and Nonno will be living with us and Asher. Uncle Eli too if he wants to, but he likes it in Tucson, he may just come for holidays?”
“Asher has agreed. Cool this day gets better.” Asher is death hugged.
“Sorry, wherever we go Asher goes too, he lives with us in Tucson, and in White River. I should have said?”
“He’s Jess’s shadow father, and why would I not agree? Jess says he’s her best friend, next to you he is.” We sit down to eat, and everyone is eating in silence. The past few days have been long and exhausting for everyone. Come to London see a few sights, not be in someone’s sights. Do some hunting and not be the hunted. I then laugh. I know it’s aloud because everyone is looking. I was going to Italy, now I’m doing an Italian. I’m going stir crazy stuck in here.
“Something make you laugh Baby?” I ummm back at Ben.
“I wouldn’t mind riding, even if it is only over the jumps in the back paddock. I haven’t been out of the place in what seems like forever. Jess can join me and it’s still in view of the stable block and Asher and Mike can watch us?” Poor Mike smiles, he has been here there and everywhere and has just got back from London, having been in Ireland too.
“I think we can do that. Kale and his girls are due for their ride out, they can join you?”
“You mean Kale can watch me and Jess from horse back?”
“Am I that obvious? I’m sorry, we just need to see what happens in the house raids, hopefully it will be over and done with later.” We continue eating and I am then asked by Marietta about the wedding. I listen as she tells me of her plans, smiling at her as she talks, and talks joined by Jess. There’s a commotion in the ballroom and as we rush in Eli is smiling.
“They have him, but Kiara was shot on her approach to the house, he wasn’t fooled into thinking it was you and tried to make his escape by the river and was captured, he was shot in the process and injured. His father and brother were in the house at Soho, and he too has been arrested. Declan is a much hated man at the moment. They are all on the way to Scotland yard.”
“Kiara, is she alright please tell me she is? That would be too much if she isn’t.”
“Body armour, she has a bruised rib and is as mad as hell she allowed him to draw his weapon first, but no she is fine Sara.” I know I am sobbing now as Jess is hugging the life out of me.
“Mom does all this mean that we can carry on as normal now?” I shrug my shoulders.
“I guess so? I think we will still need security for a while, Declan’s Father will not be happy, but I would think the recriminations will be against Declan not us, but you never can tell.”
“We will pack up and head back to London, Detective Peters wants all this Intel down there. We will take it there and spend a few days with you then head back home Boss Lady?”
“Well you are, but only after you attend a family function. We are getting married and as soon as we can, if these past few days have taught me anything it’s that you have to grab whatever happiness you can, whilst you can.”
“The quickest way is to fly to Vegas, but Baby, the nicest way will be at the villa at home, or if you want to, we could get married in White River and do the whole ceremony there? I may have been looking at places in my spare time.”
“Italy sounds like the best place, romantic and personal, though the quickie in Vegas sounds like fun, but no Ben Italy at the villa, seeing as we’re going there anyway.”
“Right, we have to get this lot to London, Delphia will work her magic, and we now have to tell Mom about Paulo, Dad is insistent. You and Jess get some rest we will be up later?”
“She is going to hate me, after this Ben. I don’t want her to hate me, should I not be there with you?”
“She won’t hate you, none of this was your fault, none of it.” I cried into his shoulder, yet again I’m doing that an awful lot lately.
“Dad, I’m going to sit with Nonna, she’s not stupid, she asked where Paulo was the other day, and she knows something is wrong. She also knows more English than she lets on too, and I know she heard a phone conversation between Eli and that detective guy. She did the cross on her chest thing. She has been doing the prayers with her rosary beads for the past two days. She doesn’t think I see her, but she has been crying too, so I think we should all be there, Mom included. Dad’s right you did nothing wrong, besides she thinks your wonder woman for giving her me. She wants a grandson though, and please don’t tell me you’re working on it, too much information dear parents.”
“It seems our wise Daughter has spoken, come on let’s get this over with.” We went to the family lounge and joined the three of them. Marietta held her arms open for Jess and smothered her with kisses, as the worst half an hour of my life began, she as Jess said, knew something was wrong, but she had no comprehension of the scale of Paulo’s involvement, crying, screaming, hugging, shouting, but the hitting herself was too much for me. I leapt to her side and held her tightly.
“Never say it was you, it wasn’t! You have four children and the other three are and were wonderful people, you didn’t do this Mom. No, he did this, please Jessica is here, I am here, we are safe, Jessica loves her Nonna, and I need you too.” After yet more tears she was carried to her room in need of sleep, we all needed sleep and less stress.
“Bed for my girl’s, Dad and Giovanni have gone to their rooms, you two are tired too.”
“Can you come and tuck me in Dad and tell me again what our new home is like?” I laughed, gave her a kiss and went to our room, running a hot bath and pouring in a whole load of bubble mix. Ben came in looking stressed. He sat and watched me.
“Our Daughter has you wrapped around her little finger Ben and don’t you know it.”
“Umm she does, as does her Mom, the only thing is I get to do some wicked things with my fingers with her Mom. I need a bath too, move over.” I watched as my man stripped, to join me in the tub.
“I wonder if it is really all over, this tangled web of intrigue and mystery?”
“For tonight it is, and hopefully in a few days it will be over for good and behind us. Then we get to settle down to normal life. Do you remember when we thought our lives were confusing at Grandys? Arranging our schedules to fit in with everyone, a time when Grandy was all we had to worry about. Where Grandy was off travelling to this time and not forgetting, the age old question…”
“…How long was she going for this time? Yes, they were the happiest time of my life, waiting for you to come in from work, with that killer smile and your insatiable appetite for sex. I remember it very well, we did make a lot of memories.” I giggled as he washed me, kissing the back of my neck.
“I remember getting a cold and you being the best nurse you be, the cuddles, the back rubs, the soup you made me, the sex was good in sweating out the cold, which was one of your better ideas. I love you so much Sara so, so much and I have from the minute you sent me flying on my backside in Kew.”
“We have to show Jess our tree, it’s been a few years since I last saw it.”
“I take my lunch in there a lot. When it rains, I sit in the palm house, I had happy memories in there.”
“I did too, I was swept off my feet literally with a wonderful kiss. I knew then I’d lost my heart to the stranger kissing me.” He kissed the back of my neck as he climbed in the tub.
“I remember it too, I followed you like a lapdog into the warmth, were you knocked me off my feet again.”
“Umm, I remember it well, so too the night after. I remember that night very well…”


Chapter 14:


We woke to far less boxes and very few of the office supplies, file cabinets and removal men were seen emptying the ballroom. Delphia was in full sergeant major mode and my team were packed and ready for the plane. Eli came in to give me my itinerary for the day and update me.
“Good morning Sara, we are ready and have been booked into the Savoy by Ben, apparently, it’s the hotel to stop in. Redwing has been shipped back to Arizona, he has been charged with assisting his son in the murder of Tallulah Bird, and the land he illegally bought is being seized back on your behalf. Declan signed your name to fake papers giving him power to act on your behalf, he was desperate to kill you here. He knew you would know you hadn’t signed the paperwork, with you dead it would all be his. What do you want to do?”
“I don’t know? As much as I love him, he did some unforgivable things, he will be dealt with and he has only himself to blame. I want the land gifting back as soon as possible, for use as a Mustang sanctuary. The funds will be in trust to keep the horses safe and add to their numbers. I will buy the land he stole at either side for more acreage for them. We will keep the ranch house and have another built as a school and office. Cane and his family need to be living on the ranch too, so they can move into the ranch house it’s bigger than the one he has now, and we can stop in a hotel when we go, or perhaps in my favourite uncle’s house? You though, have you made up your mind, about coming to live with Jess and I in Italy?”
“Etan is coming home he wouldn’t be happy because he’s moved back to be near me, and Alia is due to have her first baby. Russ’s posting in Germany is finished soon, they should be coming back if we can find them a house nearby. We can come for holidays Boss Lady. I knew this day would come, but I had always hoped it wouldn’t, but your family is here now.”
“Alia can have my house in Tucson, its four bedrooms has a backyard and near to her Daddy. Etan can take my place in the firm, he is after all my big brother, if that’s alright?”
“Sara, are you sure? She loves your house and Etan was going to ask to buy into the practice.”
“No, he gets to be in it as the lead attorney, the others get a share too, their buy in will pay for Etan and you a bigger home? Consider it yours. I can’t give my sister something and not my brother, can I? I will sign it over to her, so that’s sorted. I can’t thank you enough for all you have done for Jess and me…” Ben came in looking so relaxed, more than he has done in a week.
“I can never thank you enough either, it’s been wonderful getting to know you all, my daughter and her mother, have been well looked after, now the cars are waiting to take us to the airport. Mom and Dad have Jess and her bags and yours are in my car. We are having some alone time and driving back. Jess insists, and she says Asher is with her she just needs the keys to Grandys, we are all stopping there, and we have the room?”
“Oh, we are, are we? Eli keep an eye on her, we will be back later, here are the keys and the rooms are all made up. Just run through the house before you let them in, check for bugs, cameras and stuff. I’m more paranoid than ever now.”
“Will do Boss Lady, we still get to stop at the Savoy, right?” I laugh.
“Yes, Asher and Mike will be at Grandy’s, they will be looking after Jess and her grandparents. We will see you later.” Waving them off, we watched as Jess was already giving Asher his orders poor man. “We will see you later Little Bird.”
“No, we will see you tomorrow. Dad and you are having some quality time together. I will be fine. I have lord knows how many minders and you need to chill a little Mom.”
“Fine, I will see you sometime tomorrow and Asher, watch her.” We waved them off and I watched as the car pulled away, I wanted to chase after the car, but was being held in place by Ben.
“Your car awaits you, your ladyship and for a surprise… We are camping in the Lake District. Well when I say camping, I really mean stopping in a nice hotel, I’m too old to camp in the wet.”
“We could always keep warm in the back of the car. I think that’s where Jess was conceived, in the back of the yellow banana wagon Ben.” He laughed.
“I had sort of wondered we were overly careful except the once. I didn’t have any more protection as I recall Baby, we had a really good weekend and we’d used it all. We were on our way home, and we didn’t stock up. Thank the lord for small miracles, well for Jess anyway.”
“I’m so glad we took the bug, and to think you said nothing good would come of going in it. Your Ferrari was a little too flash for there. Do you still have it?”
“No, I ran it into a tree trying to avoid a bloody deer, it got a little bashed, along with the idiot driving it. Baby, we need to be going.”
Our bags are thrown in the back seat and as we drove to the quiet country hideaway, which Ben had booked, a journey that was spent in near silence, the touches and looks were more than enough, but as we got to the cottage, we changed our minds simultaneously. We both agreed that we needed to see Jess. I wanted to go home. After Ben agreed he missed Jess too, we stopped off for a drink and food in a pub by the banks of the river, before going back home. Ben wanted to be reacquainted with our old room too. We ordered our food and wine, then sat at a table.
“Ben you’ve been quiet what’s the matter? Are you still worried?”
“Yes, it all seems like too much to take in, all this havoc and chaos in our lives. These past few days have been really strange, and I can’t help but think it’s not all over for some strange reason?” I drink my wine and look into his eyes.
“I know it’s all surreal a nightmare and a dream all tangled together, Ben this isn’t over, by a long way and I don’t want Jess to live in a bubble of security, like you did when you did a simple shopping trip. She has had Asher follow her all her life, him she’s used to, but all the others? Are they really necessary?” Ben’s phone rings as he is about to reply to my question.
“Hello Leo, how can I help you?” He smiles shakes his finger over his mouth and signals he needs five minutes.
I nod and watch as he walks along the quay, he turns and smiles waves and as he looks around, I hear a car backfire and as I turn to look back at Ben, he is slumped on the ground. There are a series of loud screams and people are running around, as I run towards Ben, I hear the sound of shots ringing past my ears. I feel a red hot piercing sensation in my shoulder, it feels like a bomb has gone off and it sends me backwards against the cold grass bank of the river. I hear the screams again, as I look at my hands, they are covered in my blood, and the screams I’m now hearing are my own.
The commotion is all around me, and it is sheer madness. I can still hear people screaming. I am now silent as I stare at my hands and I hear my name being called over and over again. The commotion becomes a dull hum of activity. I see a figure hovering over me, and I hear her telling me to be calm, and I hear her as she says to stay still, she says she is looking after her granddaughter. I am dying, because I see and hear Grandy. I hear sirens and car doors slamming too. I look to my side Ben is covered in blood, and as I reach for him, the pain is too much, and I black out, after seeing Ben lay motionlessly on the ground, and dead at my side.
“She’s coming around, Doctor, she’s coming around help her.” My eyes open and I see Jess sat at my side, I see a nurse, I see people, my head aches and I have a sense of numbness about me.
“Jess… Jess is that you, where am I? Your Dad was shot, oh hell I was shot too, I feel sick…” I know I throw up, as I hurt my shoulder as I turned to avoid hitting Jess with the mess. “Mother-Fucker that hurts…” The nurse clears around me.
“Oh, Mommy you had me so worried, you kept talking to Grandy, asking her to help. Are you in much pain?”
“No Little Bird, I don’t think so, I just feel really strange. What happened, the last thing I remember is drinking wine with your dad by the river and the shots and the blood, there was lots of blood?” She cries, and I feel like throwing up again.
“You were shot by Richard Marsh, the man they captured in France, wasn’t him, he was in a hotel down the road from Borrodale. He had been the whole time. He was shot by an armed response team. He had you and Dad pinned down at the river for ages, he was taken out by a marksman from the police. He is definitely dead now, or I would be killing him.” I oh-ed, okay, I think, I mean I’m here, Jess is here, Ben, where is Ben...
“Your Dad is he… Is he… Dead, Jess please tell me is he dead?”
“No Mom, he was hit pretty bad, he lost a lot of blood and hasn’t come around yet, you have been out of it for three days too. Uncle Eli is here, as is Asher, Nonna and Nonno are with Dad, he’s over there can you see him? He’s in a coma because he was shot in the head Mom, he’s lucky to be alive.” I sob as I sit up, there are tubes and machines, and my arm is bloody sore, as I see Eli come in.
“Boss Lady, you really can’t be let out on your own, how are you doing?”
“Fine, just tell me how they fucked up? How did they think they had Richard? Who did they have, if not him?”
“Hold on to your hat, they had Paulo. The dead man on the slab was just another body. It was quite a shock for Leonardo’s father too, he went to identify the body he thought was Paulo, and though he had scars and the ring was his, it wasn’t Paulo after all. This lad’s arm had been broken at some point and was pinned, they dug out the plate and identified him, he was a lad that worked in accounts a lad called Louie, one on Ricco’s payroll?
He was then asked to identify Richard too, as there were no photos of him, and because they had seen him at the villa for those few summers. He went with Giovanni and to say they were shocked was an understatement. Richard/Ricco was his son and their brother, Paulo. Richard had told Paulo that the house in France, it was a safe house, and one that nobody knew about. He also told Declan to stop in Ireland, Richard needed to make sure we were following false leads, which we did, he left the two of them to get caught, and take the blame for everything. When he saw us leaving the castle, he followed you two and took his opportunity when it came along, he heard you say you wanted to get back home to London that night Sara.”
“How, when I only said that when we reached the cabin we were supposed to be stopping in, that I wanted to go for a drink, something to eat and head home because we were both worried for Jess’s safety.”
“He bugged the car and your luggage, at some point he has been that close to you, he must have changed his appearance as we have old photos of him, and it wasn’t him. He was posing as a member of Mikes security team, he was Joe. I sat hours talking to him about you as we ate and prepared food, he prayed with me everything, and he was good. He had me fooled. He was glad to be assigned to the hospital. He knew they would discover Giovanni in the tower, he thought Giovanni would see the real Ricco. He had a room at a guest house, where he was listening to the feeds, when he finished his shifts at the castle and hospital.
He phoned you from the guest house, he was here all the time. He knew as we all pulled out you had no security. He followed the tracker on your car and listened into your talk as you drove, he has it all taped, it was in his car along with everything you had done and sorry to say everything, including one in your bedroom Boss Lady, sorry he’d swept the room because we trusted him. He knew where you were heading and planned to kill you in the cabin and burn it down, your changing the plans when you got there, meant he had to improvise, he lured Ben away from you with a phone call and shot him first.
He liked to hear his own voice too, he has hours upon hours of tapes detailing everything from the first time he saw you picture at the castle, and everything in between. Richard/Ricco and now the agent known as Joe, was dedicated to making you both pay. He knew you would be hard to get to at Richmond, because you said you didn’t want a big security detail, just Mike and Asher, cutting him out of the security detail panicked him. He improvised, he didn’t have a lot of time left, so he was sloppy. He was on the other side of the river taking shots at you from the bridge, he could have escaped with the damage that he had already caused, but you were still moving and because of the quick thinking actions of a stranger, a woman who was just passing by, she pulled the car up between you and him.
As he took the time to move, the armed response team were there, he shouted he wasn’t being taken alive and you needed to be dead too, he thought Ben was, and then he fired shots at them. They were given the order shoot to kill. That woman saved both you and Ben, and then she simply disappeared. The car wasn’t hers, she just broke the window, released the handbrake, and waited until the police got there, and in the commotion, she disappeared into the crowd. You have a guardian angel Boss Lady.”
“Who was she, was she the woman stood over me? Oh hell, what’s the matter with Ben? Is he going to be alright? Jess says he’s in a coma?”
“He lost a lot of blood and the head shot was lucky, it didn’t go in too deep and though it looks bad, it isn’t. Yes, he’s in a coma and they say he could be in a while and there is a possibility he won’t wake at all, not if the swelling does not start to go down soon, so be prepared Sara and be strong. He was also shot in the leg, the arm and the chest, Richard was a crap shot.”
“I had the guns in the car, did he use ours?”
“No, all yours are accounted for, as are Bens. Get some rest, and we will see you later. Little Bird needs a wash and change of clothes, she hasn’t been away from your bedside.”
“No, I wanna stop, I need to be here when Dad wakes?”
“Jessica, that isn’t happening anytime soon and Nonna won’t go home if you stop, please Bambino, go home take your Nonna with you, for Nonno?”
“Umm alright, but we come back when we have had dinner and changed, agreed?” Asher comes for her, kissing my head as he does.
“I knew you should have had security with you, you listen to me in the future, I am not ready to lose another family member just yet and I am praying for Ben.” Asher holds on to Mom, because neither she nor Jess wants to leave.
“See to it she’s safe, that they both are please Asher, and thank you.” They leave as Leonardo sits on my bed and pats the back of my hand. I just stare at Ben hooked up to machines and gadgets, he just looks asleep.
“Sara, you need to get your rest Leo will not be awake for days, not until the swelling goes down. The police will be in to question you later. You didn’t stand much of a chance according to the witnesses, he just fired until you both fell. I hope he rots in hell. Do you need anything Delphia, is on the end of the phone, Jessica bought you both night garments and toiletries?”
“No, I just want to spend time with Ben, thank you. You need to go and get some sleep, food, and a change of clothes too, come back tomorrow. All of you I’m not leaving him.”
“I am rather tired. These past three days have been hectic, and I would say the last two weeks have me in sore need of a long relaxing holiday. I will go home with your permission to Grandy’s, it is a beautiful home you have, and Jessica loves it so.” I smile as he pats my hand again. “Right Michael has an around the clock guard on your door, it’s a private hospital, and we have men at all exits, we are not taking chances with your lives.”
“Please go home, I will be fine. I will get them to ring if anything happens.” He does so, and as the nurse removes the lines and the drips from me, I am able, all be it very slowly, to sit by Ben’s bedside.
“Ben I’m so sorry this is all my doing, your hurt because of me.” I held his hand and spoke to him, the Doctor said he could hear me, and he explained that he could awake from the coma on his own. Leonardo was right, he also told me if we were lucky, and he stressed the word if, he again stressed this was not going to be a quick fix. It could be days, weeks or months and in some cases, people did not awaken from their coma’s, and I need to prepare the family for that eventuality. That although the majority of coma’s, generally do not last for more than a few weeks. A patient whose state does not change, after a long period, is often reclassified as being in a persistent vegetative state.
Unfortunately, those in a persistent vegetative state for over twelve months rarely wake up, they had explained everything to his parents, but they hadn’t taken the news well. I wanted him to wake, though I was really glad he didn’t die, even if he slept forever, he was here, selfish I know, but he was not dead. I will not let him die, we have just found him, and I will not have him die twice, I won’t let him.
I sat by his bedside and read him books and the newspaper, day after day, the rest come and go. I spend the odd hour or two with Jess and then we are back to dad watch, as Jess says. She’s only just got to know him again and sits patiently at his bedside. He had another operation to close the hole left from them removing a piece of his skull, and his skull is replaced. The operation was a success, the bullet hadn’t done any permanent damage as far as they were aware, it was just a matter of our waiting for him to wake. Apparently, the brain is a complex and individual thing and no two people are the same.
I had weeks of recovery ahead of me and Jess went to Italy to finish her dads house off with Nonna and the rest of her entourage, everywhere she went, the pack did surely follow. I went to the bank to get the papers from Grandy’s box, it was filled with letters from her beloved William, my letters to her including the ones from me forged by Declan, he was good. There was a gift for Jess every year until her twenty-first birthday, which was so sweet of her and a letter for me. I closed the box and handed in the keys, whilst I was there the manager came up to me.
“Miss Sara Bird? Can you come with me? I have a package for you.”
“Really from whom?”
“We were asked that once you opened your grandmother’s box, to give you a package we have been holding a while, so can you please come to the security office?” I oh-ed, and I went to his rooms and gave him everything he needed to prove who I was.
I took the package to the hospital with me, I am confused and shocked yet again. My life is still full of surprises it seems… I got to the hospital room and smiled, he looked like he was just asleep, and after kissing his head, I settled in for the afternoon. The envelope from my mystery friend, was in fact all Paulo’s missing files he must have forgotten he had stashed them, and who he had wanted to pick them up. He couldn’t ring from the prison, as he was on lockdown and security was tight.
His solicitor worked for Dad, so divulged everything, against the rules it may be, but he knew who was paying his expensive bill. I glanced through, and everything was there in black and white. Giovanni came for his visit and I gave them to him, because I wanted nothing to do with it. He stopped for a while as he prayed for Leo at his bedside, he kissed my head and disappeared, he was still very mysterious my new brother, but every day he was there, morning, noon and night.
Next my letter from Grandy, she told me everything, including her admitting she bought me. My mother had told Alfredo I was his, blood tests later confirmed I wasn’t, and he laughed as Grandy approached him saying he highly doubted it, he’d had a vasectomy after his boys were born. I was the product of a fling with the lawyer the film company hired. So Grandy found out who my father was for me, by approaching the films lawyers and he flew in the day after and knew instantly I was his. I was tested, and he was tested, and we were related. I sighed Ben was right, imagine being brought up by Alfredo? I shiver and put the letter away. The new nurse is wonderful, and she sees I am crying and tenderly wipes away my tears. We sit and drink tea, her cure all medicine, everything is fine with a good cup of tea apparently?
“We are teaching you to change the patient’s tubes and things are we, not Madam?” I nod
“Yes Bridget, please call me Sara, Madam sounds so formal. I want to be able to do it when we take him home, I don’t like others caring for him. Am I wrong wanting to do it all for him? He has died once on me he’s not doing it again.”
“No, it’s very good that you do want to do it, besides it’s the personal care he needs, which we can’t give him.” I laugh aloud. I know what she means his morning erections are quite hilarious, which is another reason to get him home, relieving that problem in private. The doctor said it couldn’t do him any harm and may bring him around. It hadn’t worked so far…
We are at long last, moving him to our new home, it was done, and the Doctors agreed. He needed a personal nurse, and I had to be trained in the feeding tubes and changing of the catheters and such, so that’s what I did, I trained to do everything for him. Was that really only six months ago? The days had been melding into one long day after another, then they turned into weeks, and they finally turning into months. We needed a change of scene and now we are getting it. Jess and I, along with her grandparents and our slightly large, if odd entourage, are on the way to the villa. The machine beeps to the rear of the jet, and I dash to his side.
“It wasn’t Leo, Sara it was just the turbulence, he is still sleeping. He is safe, go and sit down. You need the rest your ankles are swollen, legs up young lady. Here Jessica, place these pillows under your Mom’s feet please?” I kiss his cheek and sit by Jess, who does as Bridget, his nurse says and though she cares for him, she has been a God send for me too.
“Mom are you alright? Are my brother and sister giving you problems?”
“No, we are fine, I am tired though. Dad have they delivered everything we need to the villa for Ben?”
“They have and please, stop worrying between you and your mom, I am run ragged caring for you all. It will be easier at home. The smells of the sunshine and the summer here will make him feel better, and he will awaken refreshed. You too will be better, not spending all the time at his hospital bed.”
“I will you are right. Jess the tutor is meeting us there, sorry you are to be home schooled for a while Jess. Asher, can you stop worrying, it’s only a plane.”
“Ummm, and a small plane with biddy seats, we are high up, with a big fall down.”
“You, you big baby, it’s fine besides we will be there in ten minutes, see the airports coming into view. Buckle in big man.” Jess was fooling around with him and his insecurities about flying.
“Jess buckle up too, is Ben okay Delphia? Are you buckled in too?”
“We are fine, Bridget has seen to it he is alright.” I look over to see sleeping beauty, would that a kiss did wake him. He would have been awake a long time ago. The news that we could at last take him to the villa was much needed, the bullet had been removed months ago, but he still remained in a coma, and it was possible that one day he would just wake, and we lived for that one day, as the stress of hospital visits was slowly killing us all. Here at least we were all together. He would be in my bed again.
We landed in safety, and our bags and things were loaded into the cars and we followed the ambulance to the villa. I had yet to see it, but Giovanni says it’s quite beautiful, he has been given the church in the village, were we will be living, he has been a big help to us all. We have had a punishing time these past six months. Paulo and Declan’s trial will be looming soon, they are in solitary confinement, as the death threats are being taken seriously. Stefano has promised revenge. Stefano Junior had been killed inside his prison, evidently the hands of revenge do cross the miles. God help Declan and Paulo now, because it seems the Black Angel is blaming them for his death. We distanced ourselves from them too, it would seem that Leonardo has just two sons.
I had a meeting with the Black Angel in prison. I assured him in return for our safety, the book would never be given to the authorities, and I told him too that the book Declan had, was a book of pure fiction. If he exacted any revenge on Jess, Ben’s family or I, I would hand the book over. I told him were Alfredo Milinero was hidden and he believed me. I told him too that if I as much saw anyone following us, the book would find its way to the right people. His one requirement to his agreeing was that I didn’t class Declan or Paulo as family. I shook his hand and wished him well. I walked out of the prison and straight to the doctors, were I found out I was pregnant and not just run down. I was happy and as I told Ben that night, I imagined him holding me loving me and kissing me. I settled for kissing then taking his hand and laying it on his unborn child.
“Don’t forget you said, you would be better this time. I don’t intend to do this alone, we need you, Jess needs you, so come back to me.” I slept at his side holding him, but nothing. We had hoped the bullet and the swelling going down was good news, but still he sleeps. Tonight, he will be in our bed and be surrounded by family. The family that went potty when I told them I was pregnant again, when we found out the day it was twins, they were overjoyed twice fold. I was now never left alone. The very proud Grandparents and Jess worried over me, we videoed me every single day, so we could show Ben what he missed out on. Photos are done of the ever-increasing bulge, and snapshots are sent to his phone, you name it we documented it. We arrived at the fortress on the hillside, and if my mouth dropped anymore, my jaw would be on the floor.
“Oh wow, Jess this is beautiful, your Dad did well, it’s beautiful.”
“I know, we just need the ivy and the walls covered with greenery and flowers and it will look like the castles in all my fairy stories. We need to get sleeping beauty in and do the tour, everything on the mountain is ours, there’s a stream, and a lake, everything Mom, it’s everything he said it was. Wait until you see the bedroom’s they are perfect too. I have a surprise for you too.” I oh-ed as she grabbed my hand. 
It was as she said, exactly like a castle, a modern new build castle, complete with grand staircases and chandeliers. Yes, I’m in my very own fairy tale, I wonder were the Ogre’s and Trolls are? I would say Mom as she likes to be called, was the dragon, but she isn’t. She’s the sweetest thing alive. Forever fussing and pandering to our needs. We have to tell her to take it easy, she will kill herself before the bambinos arrive. It works for a day or so, and she starts up again. They wheel Ben to the lift, and I join them as the door pings open, and I am shown to our rooms, and wow they are lush. I watch as they place him on Grandy’s four poster bed.
“Do you mind? I know you said it was the comfiest bed you had ever slept in, and well I want Daddy to have comfort, he seems to sleep an awful lot. I will leave you to settle in and then we explore Mom. This is so cool, it’s frigging awesome. Did I tell you that already? Wake up Dad we’re home.” She kisses his cheek sighs and goes to her rooms.
“Thank you, but I think that I can manage Bridget. Do you think you will be happy here?” She smiles.
“I think I will be it’s such a pretty place, and with any luck you won’t be requiring me for long, I was due to retire anyway.”
“Bridget, you were and are a God send. Jess and I thank you for agreeing to give up your job at the hospital and come and work for us, and when I say work, I mean be part of the family, our ever growing family.”
“The babies are they alright? The flight has made your legs puffy, please lie down and sleep too. Ben is fine, are you sure it’s alright to call him Ben, it seems very informal?”
“I hate being so formal its part of my inherited Bohemian genes, I am sure it’s less to fuss over, it’s Ben and Sara. I think you may still have to call his parents Mr and Mrs Vinci, unless they tell you differently, which they will, they are not at all stuffy, we have friends not staff.” She smiles grabs some pillows and makes me raise my feet.
“Now sleep, you will feel better when you wake. Ben is alright, and I will call back in a couple of hours to check on you both, sorry you all.”
“Thank you, you’re mothering me too, but I seem to like it, goodnight.”
“Goodnight Sara, it really is my honour.” I smile as she says it. Her voice is quite calming, and she has the softest of touches. She often found me crying at his bedside and would sit and talk to me. She made me feel totally at ease, so when they said we needed a nurse, who better than the one who looked after us both so well.
We settled easily into our routine here. Jess’s teacher was an old retired teacher, and they spent hours studying. I laughed as she said she actually enjoyed being taught by Rafi, he was she said, most excellent. Her new films were Keanu Reeves inspired, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, it ranks highly on the play list, if she says party on, one more time I swear I will bury it in the backyard. She still sits and makes her dad watch vampires with her every night, I do joke that’s why he won’t wake up.
I had been walled up in my castle for over two months, I was bored, and I was nesting big time, and had decided it was time for the nursery to be done, it was the last room in fact. The cribs and things were all here, and Jess and the rest had gone into San Marino to pick up Eli from his flight. Whist they are there, they are picking up the drapes and the bedding, Nonna was insistent she was picking them. Jess had decided they need a fairy tale nursery in their castle. So it was what they got, the murals were so lifelike, and I enjoyed very much painting the dragons and the Princesses in all there finery, the Knights on their horses and the castle on a hill. I was up a ladder putting the final additions to their room, their photographs and pictures. When I misjudged the last step, and I fell from the ladder, I landed quite badly on my backside. The bulge went rock hard as I cried out in pain.
I screamed for help, over and over again, because I was in pain, real pain… With Jess, I’d had an epidural and a C-section, so there was no pain, this was killing me, and nobody was about. I screamed again as I crawled to my room next door, damn it why did they all go and leave me? Oh, that’s right because I told them to. My phone was on the bed. I pulled up to the bed, crying in pain, and cursing Ben to high hell.
“Be here for me next fucking time, oh no you’re a fucking asleep, shit ouch… I swear you will pay for this Vinci, this is a God awful bad and painful shagfess.” I screamed again and pressed Ben’s bell, thank the lord Bridget hadn’t gone with them. “Ben, you promised me it would be different. I need you Ben and now.” I thumped him hard. Crying and screaming as I did, and just as Bridget came running in.
“Sara, are you alright? The babies are they coming?” I ummed as another contraction came, she stood me up and my waters broke, great. I was laid on towels on our bedroom floor screaming like there was no tomorrow. I cried screamed and swore. So unlike me, but this bloody hurt.
“Baby number one is here, push hard and we will see who the eldest is?” I screamed at the top of my lungs as she came out. “She is wonderful and a nice colour.” Bridget cleared her mouth and rubbed her in the towel, as she screamed her first cry. “She has a healthy pair of lungs, too she is beautiful, and she looks just like my Daniella Gabriella.” I looked at her and screamed again. “Oh little Leonardo doesn’t want to wait, are you alright, I will put baby next to Daddy, so he can keep her warm?”
“Yesss, you do it, do it now… He doesn’t want to wait. How do you… Argh… Know… About my Mother, nobody knew she was called Gabrielle too… I heard you, who are you? You’re here to steal my babies, aren’t you? Helppppppp me please, someone help meeeee.”
“Relax please, Sara, you’re my granddaughter. Daniella Gabriella was my daughter, these two are my family too. I’ve known all about you, since I became your mother, my daughter’s, secretary, I was horrified at the things I wrote for her. All I had ever wanted to do was find the sweet baby I had ripped from my arms and then when I finally found the courage many, many years later, what I found chilled me to the core, at first. She was a shameless pitiful wreck, ruined by greed and distinct lack of any moral compass.
My grandson was evil too. You, I did not meet until you came for the first time and saw her that day, but I read all your mothers reports on you, I looked at my granddaughter and then my great-granddaughter with such pride. You proved her wrong. She always blamed Jessica for being a bad mother, but in the end, she admitted had she given poor Jess time to explain her reasons for keeping her past a secret, instead of blaming her, things could have been so different. In her last few month’s she was much changed. Her descriptions of you led me to believe she had done well not raising you.” She was explaining and working on me.
“I ran straight after I had your mother. The nurse told him I had died having Daniella Gabriella, he didn’t even come in the room and check on the damage he caused. He just said they were to bury me in the garden, the baby would be disposed of as she was damaged. The nurse was to leave her at a church. She helped me escape after she sent a telegram to William for him and Jess to come and get Daniella Gabriella. I was placed in a hospital, for my own protection, safely away from him. I was seriously ill from blood loss and complications after her birth. I desperately needed to get help and care. I had to be given a hysterectomy, such was the damage done to me, it took me months to recover and when I did, I sought out my child.
I learned by this time, she had been given to Jessica to bring up as her own, by my brother, Faulkner. The nurse had kept her hidden and safe and followed my instructions to give the child to William and his wife to care for her until I could. I didn’t know they had been told I had died in childbirth, the nurse was caught with Daniella, as she brought her back to the house to give her to my kindly brother and his wife, who could not have children. Mumps had left poor William barren. Faulkner took pity on his child as he gazed upon her, he must have had a tiny amount of love for her in his cold heart, helped I hope by God’s guiding hand. With that same luck, William had turned up just in time to save her.
The nurse was dismissed, but she still kept a watch on the baby though, as Jessica cuddled the child and left knowing that she was safe for the time being, until I could claim her back. Faulkner could not deny her birth any longer, but within an hour of his meeting his daughter, and handing her over he had killed himself. I smiled and wished he was in the bowels of hell and praised the Lord for answering my prayers. He left a note telling them of all that he had done, who her mother was, everything. William walked in just as he pulled the trigger, he couldn’t stop him, and it killed poor William too. Until I sought out the nurse who helped deliver my child and got me to safety, I knew nothing of all this.” I screamed some more, but all this talking was calming me down too, in a strange, strange way.
She washed my face as I sweated and felt the bump, taking readings and examining me. I just wanted help, and she was doing that so well, I was strangely calmed by having Bridget by my side. She continued to talk and rubbing my back for me, as each contraction got worse. I listened to the story, I concentrated on her words and relaxed until the pains were tolerable.
“I was so afraid of Jessica rejecting me. She hated Faulkner so very much and blamed him for poor William’s death, who could blame her for hating me too? They were so in love, her and her flighty travel and be damned attitude, live life to the fullest, not fill it with work and dreary things, money was not the be all and end all. She always said to William, when is enough money enough, when you're too dead to enjoy it? She made my brother so happy, he was so stressed at work before she breezed into his life. He was a much changed person, when he finally met her, his perfect partner. I thought she would hate me too, after all I had caused William to die, or rather my having a child by my brother, caused him to die.
It was not like I asked for the monster to force himself on me, or to impregnated me with his own child. That was the cruellest thing of all waiting all those months to see if she was damaged. She looked perfect in the few minutes I had her in my arms, but she cried aloud, and he knew she was alive. The nurse was hoping to say we had both died. Faulkner said he wanted the baby out of the way, and I was to be sent to the asylum, the nurse saved us both that day. Telling him I had died and then agreeing to drop the child off at the church. When I got better, I travelled to their home in Richmond and I watched her for a few days. I needed to see how she was, how Daniella was, and if they were happy.
So after I made sure Jessica was looking after Daniella, and she was, she was a very happy child. Her nurse was ever attentive, and Jessica smiled as she cuddled her daughter. How could I split them up? She had been her daughter for six happy months, and mine for but a few minutes. My faith had told me I needed to leave it be and do what I had always wanted to do and to be a missionary doctor, I wanted to become a nun and give my life to God and care for people. Both my vocations at last were to be fulfilled, as I met the last hurdle, I had no children who depended on me, Jess saw to it Daniella was safe.
So, I decided to remain dead to them, it would be much easier for them that way, don’t you think? I entered the convent and it became my life’s calling. I was so happy that day. The day my life with Christ started. I joined the novitiates and found a strange peace, something which was missing from my life before, and I was allowed to keep being a doctor, something else Faulkner had stopped, my dreams and hopes.” She smiled as she mopped my brow, gave me a sip of water, and held my hand as she spoke softly. I screamed a little more as my stomach tightened, the pain was excruciating.
“You’re doing very well Sara, very well. I was happy too, until a chance meeting with your mother many years later. I was back in London, attending to a priest who was ill, as his doctor. I happened upon her name in his diary, her details were there, along with her name at baptism. He was her priest, and she had made enquiries into renewing her faith. I happily went to see her at his behest, he was too ill, and his replacement was still on his way from Rome. So I went to see her, and was quite excited too… Oh, that’s right Sara breathe through this one, pant, good, you're nearly there.” I did I was asked as I looked at her. “I went to see her, she presumed I had been sent to be her secretary, I didn’t argue or tell her differently, and after an interview she hired me to write her life story, it was the perfect position for me. I didn’t need to tell her who I was, and she would tell me her life story.
I asked for immediate released from my vows, I told them why, and they were shocked and surprised, because I had never told them of my daughter, but now she was dying, she needed me. I was released, but in doing so, I was told I could not go back to my calling if I did. So, with a heavy heart, I became her secretary. Then her last visit to the specialist said a heart would not be found in time, and she was to make her peace whilst she could. She tried so hard to write to you but didn’t. She said she didn’t deserve your forgiveness. It was then we wrote the third and final book that one made me truly sick, at what she had done, what she allowed Declan to do. As luck had it, I happened across the postman one day.
I received the letters from him before I entered the building, she was pleasantly surprised to see one from her granddaughter and had me reply, according to Jessica’s letter, she had been writing for months, unfortunately, the nurse was intercepting the post for Declan. He was convinced there would be things of interest sent through the post regarding his inheritance. Anything like that was sent to her post office box, she wasn’t stupid, and she knew I would pick it up and keep them from Declan.
That day I met you, Daniella had just told me she had not long to live, hours if she was lucky. Her breathing had become laboured, and as we had said our goodbyes, I had a feeling it would be for the last time, so I was quite sad. When she died, I decided to try to be there for you, instead. I had enough money Daniella left me plenty. So I watched you and followed you looking for a way in, then one day I spotted a man following you in Scotland. I watched, and I waited, I saw and heard about all the commotion at the big house, as I was stopping in the little guest house on the estate, run by the chap Kale and his wife, Lenny.
He would tell me the goings on, on his return. Finally, he then said your nightmares were over, they had caught all responsible, and you were returning to London. I thought you had security with you, so I followed. I watched as you pulled into the pub by the riverside and took my place in the beer garden. I was going to introduce myself, when I saw a man who had been following you. I realised he wasn’t security and watched in horror as he set himself up. I wasn’t as quick as I could have been, the damn door window wouldn’t break. 
I rolled the car down, between his sights and you two, and I sat with you until the police were on the scene. I failed miserably at my last job of watch dog because you got shot.” I screamed again, in disbelief and amazement. “Baby number two is nearly here Sara, pant and breathe with me, deep breathes. You’re doing so fantastically, one more push and we are there.”
“You’re my grandmother, you’re here to help me, please help, this really hurts?” I screamed again and wow, the pain was unbelievable, yet confusing and the feelings even stranger.
“Good yes, now shush darling, push one last time. Oh Sara, he is beautiful.” She cleared his mouth, gave him a rub and wrapped him in a towel, handing him to me as he cried. I cried this baby cried as did my baby daughter. Bridget too cried as we were awash with so many strange feelings.
“Thank you, you really are who you say you are? You’re my grandmother, it’s all true and not a lie to get my babies?”
“Everything I have told you is the truth, and I have just delivered a Great-Granddaughter and Great-Grandson, it was such a wonderful experience, thank you Sara. I actually thought my game was up. I thought Father Giovanni had recognised me at her flat, as he was best friends with Father Patrick’s replacement. He was stopping with us at the rectory for a few weeks, as he had urgent family business that was making him quite poorly. He had called to give her the last rites sacrament, the new priest was his friend, and he, unfortunately, had been called to a rather more pressing appointment. I held my breath for quite a while I can tell you. He didn’t recognise me. It had been a couple of weeks since last I saw him. I was always in my habit too, and we penguins all look the same to the priests.” She laughed as she said it too.
“He was still a little distracted, he even went roaming from room to room looking for the toilet. Bless him he was a tormented man. I hadn’t had a lot of contact with them to be honest. I was just the Sister who served the three priests their afternoon tea in the rectory, and he hadn’t recognised me as the dowdy secretary, showing him into her room. Daniella had never seen me, well she had in old photos, but then again I was a lot older than I was in the photographs she did have for her book.” That’s why she looked familiar, I had seen the photos, in the book my mother wrote. “Right, I have to clear up after these two, shall I put him with his sister? Just until we clear all this away, then we will get you in bed for some sleep?”
“Ummm please, Ben can look after his children for a while.” I heard deep and loud laughter and then a scream. I looked to the door, and Jess was stood there open mouthed and smiling.”
“Dad, you’re awake oh hell… You’re awake… And you have my brother or is that my sister?”
“I don’t know Jess, I woke up when I heard an ear-piercing scream, and someone hit me, I think? Then swore at me, but I went to sleep again, and then when I woke up again because I had a crying baby in my arms. I looked down and your mom was busy having a baby. I think I may still be dreaming all this, because that story the nurse has just told is very much like the spy novel, I have been dreaming about lately. Where are we and why am I in Grandys bed and why are you having babies Sara? You didn’t have them when I fell asleep, what sort of dream is this then or am I still dreaming?”
“No Ben these are your two babies, we are at our new home in Italy, and you sleeping beauty have been in a coma for eight months, not sleeping, but recovering and for eight long and hectic months.”
“Oh hell Mom you had the babies, wait a minute Nonna and Nonno are stopping in town for dinner. I will phone them and get them back shit Mom, Dad’s awake. I will tell them to get their bums home or sorry, get Mike to get their bums home, you get yourself sorted first. What’s betting she has a kitten?”
“Sara, are you alright? You were shot the last thing I remember, and I thought you had died. Who is this then?” His smiling face was looking down from the bed.
“That’s your daughter, they are all still arguing over her name. This is your son Leonardo meet Daddy Leonardo.” He laughed.
“Ummm it seems I have yet to see my woman pregnant. Have you finished with her nurse? My babies Mom needs to explain how I went to sleep with just Jess and woke up with another two children?”
“This nurse is my dead grandmother, and no she really is, the story you heard was all true. Oh hell, I have loads to tell you, give me a minute please. She’s busy sorting your children’s mom out here.” My heart was racing, beating ten thousand miles an hour and in desperate for a hug of him and our children.
“All done, right let’s get you up on that bed, move over Sir.” He laughed as he moved carefully with his daughter.
“Why do I have no feelings in my toes, my bum is numb too?”
“You have been in bed over eight months. Sir was in a coma and it’s good that you remember Sara was shot, many people can’t even remember their names, as it is you were hurt far worse than Sara and have been sleeping. When Sara went into labour, she hit you and whilst having a contraction, she may have shouted and thumped you some more, and her doing that could have triggered your awakening. It’s a good job too as she has run herself ragged caring for you.
Now you will get stronger and be able to move, physiotherapy can only do so much, and though Sara spends all her time with you, exercising your legs and arms, even she isn’t wonder woman. You can walk, it will just take you a while to rebuild the muscles Sir. You will be fine once you start eating, and rebuilding your strength, the Doctor will have to be called, he can check on you if you require it, though I have been dealing with your care since we arrived in Italy.”
“Stop with the Sir thing, please? I think you can call me Ben or Leo, what have you been calling me? You said in the story I listened to you were a doctor, a nun who was a doctor is that right?”
“Yes Ben, I was and am still a doctor, I retired to look after Sara’s Mother, but yes I am a legal doctor. I called you Ben when we washed you and dressed you. If Sara let us get a look in that is, she bathed you and nursed you, learnt to change you, clean you, and feed you.”
“Yes, I have been busy looking after the biggest baby I know again, this time for a tad more than a week and with something far worse than a cold.” I blushed as I carefully got on the bed. The banging at the door made me jump, as Jess bounded in closely followed by everyone else.
Mom didn’t know, whom to cuddle first or if she should just throw herself in the middle of the bed and cuddle everyone. She hugged Ben to death swearing at him for worrying her and being too lazy to wake up. Leonardo rescued his son with a hug, taking his granddaughter from him.
“Has our little girl got a name then?”
“She is called Donatella Lark, I hope that’s alright? Our son is called Leonardo Robin. I would like you all to meet my grandmother, and the person who saved our lives that awful day. Eli this is the woman who saved my life, this is Bridey, or as she is normally know as Sister Bridget, Giovanni do you not recognise her?” He looked at her again and smiled.
“Of course, Father Patrick’s doctor, how did I not see you? You were so good to him. I’m so sorry I didn’t know you were Sara’s relation.”
“Don’t worry about it, Father, it has been a hidden secret for far too long. I have only just been introduced officially, to her and as her grandmother, she didn’t know I was until she had Donatella, such a beautiful name too.”
“Rather explains the urgent and sudden need for you to give up your calling, a far greater calling indeed, the need to protect your grandchild and my family. Thank you.”
“It really was my pleasure, I did it for purely selfish reasons, getting to know my daughter again, the Granddaughter and Great-Granddaughter were a pleasant bonus, and having delivered my other great-grandchildren is way more than I deserved. Now I think we all need to leave Mom and Dad and Big Sister Jessica Jay, to get some kisses in.”
They left us alone. All be it very reluctantly on Moms part, the promises of her doing the nightshift was accepted.
“I will go in a minute too. I just need to hold Daddy for a while. He owes me more hugs, the things you do to get out of paying my allowance old man, oh and you owe me a car you slept through a birthday, we can have to have more cake now.”
“Oh Jessica Jay, I’m so sorry. Anything you want you can have, I love you Little Bird, get up here, before I explode.” He hugged her to near death, and as he did, he kissed her head. I watched as the twins slept in my arms, oh thank you thank you guardian angel. Jess gave me a kiss and then her siblings as she was busy hugging her Dad again, and as she did, she cried as she hugged him more.
“I have everything I wished for when I blew out my candles, you’re alright again and my brother and sister are here safe. Promise me don’t ever leave me again though?” She cried herself to sleep in his arms.
“This is perfect, I think. So, what do we do now? I need to hug you too, but all our children are in the way. I went to sleep and woke up with a larger family. I’m getting too good at disappearing and walking into a bigger family. Next time can I be there right from the peeing on a stick? I saw my son being born, but missed both of my daughter’s arrivals, we need to do that again.” I laughed so loudly that Jess woke up.
“Please let me rest a while first?” Jess nuzzled into my side and slept again.
“I will give you a few days, but I need to exercise Baby. I can’t believe it I have three children can you believe it, three beautiful children, can you believe it? Yes of course you can, thank you I love you, my little Humming Bird.” I smiled as he held the other two. I was now hugging Jessica, as she held on to me. I felt wonderful exhausted and relieved, Ben had woken from an awful nightmare. We must have looked a sight all five of us on Grandy’s bed.
“Did we set a date for the wedding then? It seems I have to make three children legitimate now?” I laughed as he kissed my head again.
“You’re a romantic sod, we have to get you stronger first, and I have to lose a few pounds first. My dress won’t fit.” He kissed me again and I ummed into them.
We did marry six weeks later, in a wonderful ceremony at our home in Italy, sun shining birds singing and babies crying, seems as we were all in the one place, it was too good an opportunity to miss, so they were christened too. I had everything I wanted. My happy family in my castle in the sky, with a river and a wood’s running around it, my horses in their paddocks, and Jess happy with her siblings, but better than that? I had the love of my life back in my life, living and breathing, he had died twice already, and for me that was two times too many times to die on me.


Thank you for reading my mystery romance novel, a first for me…
