Thunderstruck
Bijou Hunter
Copyright © 2015 Bijou Hunter

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
*****
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

For more information about this book and author visit:
http://www.bijouhunterbooks.com

Cover Design
Illustrator: Miranda Koryluk
Photographer: Mayer George
Source: Shutterstock
Cover Copyright © 2015 Bijou Hunter

Dedication
Freckles, Tigger, Pooh, and Roo for making me laugh
Mustang Sally for cracking her whip
Candy Girl Miranda for knowing me better than I know myself
Saucy Sarah and Salacious Stacie for kicking ass
Naughty Nicole for her endless energy and Darling Daphne for her silliness

Book Summary
Escaping a madman...
My name is Darla, but he calls me Rose. I thought running would keep me safe. Instead, the monster hunts me, certain I will be his again.

Shattered and waiting for death...
Nine months in hell has left my mind ruined. My heart claims I'm no more than a burden. My soul only wants to embrace the darkness.

A retired assassin...
Troy brings the security skills of a former killer. I am his first legit job. He has no reason to make this assignment personal, but our connection can't be denied.

Thunderstruck...
Troy awakens the part of me that still feels... hopes... loves.
1
~~~
Darla
Temptation Takes Me
I forget who I am. Not at first or willingly. Yet over time, I lose my way. Too many nights in the dark. Too many lies whispered in my ear. Too much pain until I crave the lies offering me freedom.
Locke says my name is Rose, and I belong to him. He pretends to love the original Rose, who embraced death as a way to free herself from the lies. One day I might do the same, but I can't give up just yet.
Days turn into weeks, and the lies feel realer than the truth. Weeks become months, and I don't remember the truth anymore. The memories of my life before Locke - when my name was Darla - are lies. My dreams of that time are only fantasies I tell myself to deal with the pain. The reality is I never existed before becoming Rose. I al-ways belonged to Locke, and I always will.
The lies are so strong that I walk into public places where I might escape, yet I never forget to be Rose. Restaurants, hotels, and stores might offer me a path away from him and towards freedom, yet I never run. I can't explain to anyone why I didn't, at least, try to escape before today. They will never understand what it feels like to be Rose.
Rose exists only to please Locke, and I saw no escape.
Until Beyonce.
The boutique smells like a garden, and I lift my nose to the scent pulsing from the vents. I hate the odor, but Rose spent her days walking through the garden at Locke's home. She even jumped to her death, landing in her precious flowers.
The women around me are very skinny like walking hangers. I never consider speak-ing to them. I am here to try on clothes, but I won't choose what we buy. Locke will. Even without him in the store, he always chooses what he wants for his Rose.
The man at my left is Mister Pain. He never smiles for me. Once I saw him smile for a waitress, and he had razor sharp teeth. The waitress gasped at the sight of his mouth and was fired immediately afterward. Locke refuses to allow anyone to shame Mister Pain. The people working for Locke reward his loyalty by crossing any moral line to serve him.
Does Locke truly care for Pain? Does he care for anyone? Yes, he loves Rose. She belongs to him, and now I'm her. Today, I can keep things straight in my head easier than before. The darkness I normally hide in fades, and I see the world as it truly is.
When Beyonce's Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) begins to play, I feel strange. This song means something. Not to Rose. Or Locke. Or even Mister Pain. The song means something to Darla - the woman I am in my dreams.
A memory flashes in my mind of Darla's sister dancing with her daughter and son in a big kitchen in a massive house. They are such a happy family, dancing and singing. In the memory, Darla dances too.
I see the blonde woman in the mirror, and she is Darla.
Outside the dressing room, Mister Pain waits to take a picture of my outfit for Locke's approval. I think of his size and know I'll never get past him. Rose wouldn't even think to try.
I am not Rose, though.
My feet are bare, and I'm wearing a flowery dress with the store's alarm mechanism attached. Yet I shove open the door and run past Mister Pain. His fingers skim the fabric of my dress, yet he misses his chance to stop me.
I run out the front door, setting off the alarm. Behind me, the women gasp while Mister Pain gives chase. My escape takes him by surprise, but he recovers quickly. If he catches me, he'll return me to Locke, who will punish me until I am Rose again.
Running as fast as my weak body manages, I sing the words to the song and remember when I was Darla. Around me, the noise on the street is unbearably loud. After too long in the quiet, I'm overwhelmed by the world's chaos.
My feet tear open on the rocks and glass in the street as I rush through traffic and away from Mister Pain. Despite the pain, I can't slow down when he remains so close behind me.
I pass a pizzeria, inhaling the familiar scents of my life before I became Rose. Locke won't allow me to eat pizza. Rose has allergies and is on a special diet. Darla though eats whatever she wants.
Based on the expressions of the people I pass, Mister Pain is nearly on me. They're afraid. Not for me, but for themselves. He looks terrifying when angry. His face turns red and veins pop out of his forehead. I have seen his angry face too many times in the last nine months.
Blinded to the danger behind me, I only see freedom ahead. I can't give up now. I refuse to be afraid. I have this one chance. If he catches me, I will never be free again.
"Do you believe in God?" Darla's niece Diana once asked.
"Sure," Darla said, giving a blasé shrug.
The old Darla didn't think much about God. However, I'll forever believe after a dozen uniformed officers appear from a deli on the street ahead of me.
Only when I see them do I realize I'm screaming. The officers stop smiling at their earlier conversation and look at me running in their direction.
"I am Darla!" I scream.
Mister Pain's fingers brush my shoulder once. They also graze my hair, tearing a few strands from my scalp. He's nearly on top of me when the officers appear.
Refusing to look back, I don't see him fleeing. I only hear someone say he has a gun. I think officers chase after him. What I know is I barrel into one of the policemen and hold on for dear life.
Mayhem surrounds me, first on the street and then at the hospital. Officers and doctors ask questions, but I don't know the answers. I cry when they promise my sister is flying to Los Angeles to get me from the hospital. Even with freedom at my grasp, I can only say one thing.
"I am Darla."
2
~~~
Darla
Never Let Me Go
Footsteps weren't allowed at Locke's home unless they belonged to him. He preferred silence most times. When I needed punishing, he insisted I be taken to a sound-proof room so my screams wouldn't upset him. Locke desires a silent, controlled world.
Five minutes in my sister's palatial Texas home would send him into a psychotic rage. Eight-year-old Diana wears her tap shoes everywhere. Six-year-old John wants to be a firefighter, so he makes the siren noises endlessly. The family's two Maltese dogs chase the boy around the house and bark at his pretend siren. Their cat sits next to me on the couch, meowing at the ceiling fan.
"She sees ghosts," Shelley says to me.
I share my sister's smile, but the noise drives me mad. Living too long in silence has left me over-stimulated by this normal life. Shelley tries to help by reminding the kids that I'm sick and need quiet. They lower their volume for a while. As children, though, their favored form of communication is endless blaring noise.
Despite marrying for money and security, Shelley truly loves Vern. They're happy together but share no great passion. I once believed she shortchanged herself by marrying a rich weenie over a sexy stud. Now I understand. Passion is overrated. Locke's obsession with Rose is pure madness and born from passion. Vern will never love her in such a perverse, all-consuming way.
Two months after running to freedom, I remain at their new home in Houston. After I had disappeared from the cruise, Shelley believed I was dead. Yet she lies these days by claiming she always knew I'd return. I don't blame her for believing what she did or for lying now. Once Mistress Agony slipped me a spiked drink, I disappeared into a world Shelley couldn't fathom.
This isn't the home Shelley lived in when we took the cruise. She claims they were building the house when I disappeared, but I can't remember this fact anymore. I don't remember many things. Diana's middle name is Ethel. She's named after our grandmother who raised us. I remember this but not that John's middle name is after our grandfather Edgar. Such small things to forget. Meaningless things stolen away by Locke's punishments.
What else have I forgotten? What other memories from my 26 years on this planet are forever lost as a result of the electric shock treatments I suffered to become a better Rose? I can only guess what I don't know. Sitting on the couch, I count the blank spots in my mind. When Shelley mentions a friend from school, I nod at her story, but I don't remember our old friend. The last few weeks, I've stopped mentioning how much I've forgotten. Shelley worries enough already when she thinks about my nine months away from her.
Vern is gone a lot for business. Shelley never seems to mind his absences, even if she's also happy when he's at home. My sister is a naturally happy person. I think I was too once. Now I stare at the TV all hours of the day and try to ignore all the noise in the world.
"I should have married Louie Chan," I say to Shelley when she joins me on the couch one night.
"You wouldn't have been happy with him."
"If I married him, I'd have been a mom years ago. I'd be unworthy of Locke's interest when he saw me on the cruise. Even if I'd never be desperately in love with Louie, I'd be safe and comfortable."
Shelley opens her mouth to say something upbeat. When she can't think of anything to fix what's broken, my sister closes her mouth.
"You're safe now," she finally says, scooting closer. "You like it here, don't you?"
Leaning my head on her shoulder, I sigh. "It's a beautiful house."
"Once they catch the bastard, you can rebuild your life and forget what happened."
I nod at her words, believing none of them. Outside on the patio, the two private security contractors speak quietly. Vern hired them after we noticed someone following us home from the store. Shelley said the stalker was likely someone from the press. My story interested people. The news ran stories about my abduction and escape. They played the videos taken by citizens when I ran down the streets to freedom. The tabloids weaved wild stories about where I'd been and how I'd truly gotten away. By refusing to tell my story, I'd allowed the media to tell it for me. As obnoxious as the attention could be, the media's stalking kept Locke from reclaiming his Rose. So far anyway.
Selfishly, I want to believe he'll find another Rose. After all, I'm not the first fake Rose or even the second. Locke refused to be careful with his Roses, leaving us broken and needing replacing.
I didn't dare think of the next Rose. Imagining another woman living her life, only to find herself enslaved, made me feel guilty for running. I had already been broken. Shouldn't I have lasted as long as possible to save the next Rose from my fate? Instead of being self-sacrificing, I allowed a single song from my past to inspire me to run.
The security men outside are retired police officers, and they always speak to me in hushed voices. I sometimes cry when they look at me. They scare me, but I creep them out too. The only time I've laughed this week was when Shelley teased me about scaring those big strong ex-cops. Tears terrify men, I told her. When Shelley gave me a knowing smile, I wonder how much she's gotten out of Vern by crying over the years.
I eat dinner at the table with the kids and Shelley. They talk about their day while I stare at my food. Able to eat whenever and whatever I want now, I often overeat. In fact, I plan to put on fifty pounds, maybe a hundred. If I'm fat enough, Locke won't want me any longer. Rose cared about her weight, Locke told me once. You care about your weight too, Rose.
I doubt he even remembered I wasn't the real Rose most days. For nine months, my sanity relied on a man who'd lost his decades earlier.
After dinner, I watch a Disney movie with the kids before bed. They sing along with the songs while I stare at the screen. I'm sweaty in my large gray sweats while Shelley looks healthy and comfortable in her blue shorts and tank top. I feel disgusting next to her. Yet my ugliness relaxes me. An ugly woman has no value to Locke. Despite my guilt over his next victim, I refuse to be Rose again.
Sleeping in a bedroom upstairs, I leave the door open and TV on. Downstairs, the family's housekeeper Mona walks around, and her slippers slap against the wood floors. A few rooms away from mine, I hear John's TV playing quietly. In the other direction, Diana giggles while being silly with the cat. Even with everyone readying for bed, the house feels too loud.
Before crashing for the night, Shelley leans into my room and smiles at me. I smile back, but the dark scares me, and I can't pretend otherwise.
"Everything is locked up tight," she says. "Dan and Joe are keeping watch."
"I took a sleeping pill. I'll be fine."
Watching me from the doorway, Shelley worries again. Her pretty face scowling in the darkness, she's thinking I take too many pills. Shelley wants me to be the way I was before Locke stole me from her, but she's clinging to a fantasy.
After she retires to bed, I stare at the TV and think of nothing. I doze off to the sound of the dogs' nails clicking on the floor as they play in the hallways.
The first gunshot yanks me from a bad dream, and I'm paralyzed in bed. Joe and Dan's yelling accompanies the second shot. I flinch at the sound of more gunshots along with the blare of the security alarm.
Tangled in the blankets, I roll out of bed and topple on the floor. Soon, I crawl into the hallway. Between the insanely loud alarm and the sleeping pill in my system, I can't concentrate.
"Aunt Darla!" Diana yells at me from down the hallway.
Diana waves me towards her mother's room where Shelley appears with John. My sister's terrified eyes look huge in the darkness. Even panicking, I can barely move with all the medicine flowing through my veins.
Crawling towards them, I finally lose the sheet wrapped around my left leg. I reach the bedroom door as the dogs do. Diana is already in the closet's panic room with her brother. Shelley helps me to my feet and yanks me towards the doorway.
As Shelley shuts the door and locks it, I wrap my arms around my shaking body. Next to me, John and Diana cuddle with their dogs. I wonder about the cat and Mona. At the control panel, Shelley looks at monitors while speaking to someone on the emergency phone.
"We're safe in the panic room," she says. "Our housekeeper is in the downstairs panic room. We're safe, but I hear gunshots."
"It'll be okay," Diana whispers to me.
John wraps me tightly in his little arms. "Don't cry, Aunt Darla."
The medicines leave me numb and unable to feel my tears. Locke will never let me go. He'd rather destroy me than know I exist without him. In his desperation to destroy me, he'll hurt everyone I love.
"I shouldn't have run," I whisper, but the children don't understand.
Shelley does, and I see the pain in her eyes. Unable to be negative, she focuses on the monitors and helps the arriving police. I hear her say Joe and Dan are on the ground. She tells the police where the gunman is in the house. She warns them when he's ready to fire on them. Her help gives the police the upper hand, and the gunman ends up dead.
Ex-policeman Joe is dead while an injured Dan goes to the hospital. I hear of their suffering and see the fear in the eyes of my family. Through it all, I wish I hadn't run.
3
~~~
Troy
Hunting the Soulless
The Ramsey Security offices are located in a rough part of Houston where the police are scarce, and the best form of protection is through the local gang. Other firms want downtown high-rises, so they'll be seen. We have no interest in anyone knowing what we do inside the former factory turned expansive business center.
Rafael Ramsey is the face of the company. Like the rest of the staff, he's a retired assassin. Now we provide security to rich clients in need of professionals willing to get dirty.
I joined the company because my partner Minka wanted more in life than killing assholes. She was looking to retire, so I followed her to Houston. Three months after we arrive, the Ramsey offices are more secure than the local police station. In fact, we possess an arsenal that would make the National Guard envious.
So far, our jobs had been small fry crap like protecting weddings from jilted ex-lovers and playing referee during volatile divorce hearings. I'd gone from being a contractor known to hunt dangerous people all over the globe to the guy playing usher at a rich bitch's gaudy wedding.
Into the world of retired assassins and gangbanger guard dogs walks a man with a weak bladder. Vernon Young is a twitchy turd with a big bank account to make up for his tiny balls. He flinches when our receptionist Tia offers him coffee. He shrinks away from Minka when she gestures for him to follow her into a back office. I'll give him the last one since Minka is pretty terrifying before noon.
"How did that guy marry a swimsuit model?" Saskia asks from beside me.
Standing outside the windowed room where Vernon waits, I glance down at the red-headed Ukrainian killer at my side.
"She probably isn't as shallow as you," I mutter.
Saskia smiles brightly. "Have you seen pictures of his wife? She didn't marry for love, let's just admit that much."
I have seen photos of the Birmingham/Young family. Darla Birmingham's escape from a rich pervert was all over the news for weeks. The entire story died down after one of the Kardashians did something very Kardashian.
Now Darla Birmingham is again the first story on the evening news. That morning, I saw a reporter interviewing the family of the dead, retired cop. Through the entire interview, they flash photos of Darla Birmingham. Hot blondes sell everything from hamburgers to cars, so why not the network news?
"Got the info," Rafael says, walking past Saskia and me before entering the room where Vernon fidgets.
Rafael is a racially mixed man the size of a Mack truck. He owns any room he enters, but I've also seen him disappear into a crowd when the need suited him. The guy was a master assassin. Now he's making nice with fidgety nerds like Vernon.
We follow Rafael inside where he does the introductions. Once the formalities are over, we stand at the wall while he tries to settle down Vernon.
"The cops aren't sharing," Rafael says, "but we received confirmation on the identity of the man who entered your home last night. Zivkovic is a Serbian shooter. A freelancer too, meaning it'll be nearly impossible to tie him back to Locke."
"So there's nothing to be done?" Vernon asks, checking his phone before realizing he shouldn't check his phone with so many eyes on him.
"Mister Young, if you retain our services, I assure you we have several avenues to follow. Clearly, we'll provide onsite security for your sister-in-law and family. Additionally, we'll follow any leads not only from the Serbian shooter but those discovered by the police."
"The man who died was a police officer at my house. They still killed him."
"Laws don't mean much to the people you're dealing with, Mister Young. This creates a problem for law enforcement that needs to follow the rules. We aren't hampered in the same way."
Suddenly Rafael's words seep into his understanding, and Vernon reveals a man capable of attaining wealth. I see his expression sharpen, and he nearly smiles at what Rafael is saying.
"I want this Locke dealt with. I refuse to fear for my family forever. Darla told the police everything she knows, and they can't find him. They couldn't get anywhere with the media pressure on them. What will they do now when one of their own is murdered?"
I step closer and answer his question. "They'll blame Darla. Or your family. Claim you are withholding information. The media is already hinting that the entire attack on your house was a setup."
Rafael nods. "The media and police don't care about you. We can't even be certain Locke's money hasn't tainted law enforcement. You can't rely on civilized solutions when faced with an uncivilized opponent."
"You'll kill him?" Vernon asks.
Rafael shifts awkwardly and glances at Manny. We're all uncomfortable announcing such things, even in a building swept for surveillance.
"We will handle whatever issues might arise in the course of our employment," Rafael says.
Vernon nods. "You're hired then."
"Where is your family currently?"
"At a hotel. Just in case, I moved Darla to a separate hotel."
I lift my brow at this information, yet say nothing. Vernon senses our judgment, though.
"I have to protect my wife and children."
"When will you return home?" Rafael asks, ignoring Vernon's defensiveness.
"We're having repairs done as soon as the police clear the house as a crime scene. I was thinking of having Darla move into an apartment complex my friend recently finished. The penthouse apartments have solid security features."
Rafael stands up. "Give the information to Minka so that she can prep for Darla's move to the secure location. We will also provide security for your wife and children first at the hotel then at your home. Excuse me while I organize our efforts."
Vernon glances at Minka, who puts on her nicest smile. I grin slightly, knowing she's full of shit.
Following Rafael, I step into a side office. Saskia enters and shuts the door.
"What are we thinking?" she asks. No demands. The tiny ones always have the biggest barks. In Saskia's case, she has a nasty bite too.
"Vernon and his wife and kids aren't the primary targets," Rafael says, tapping the file. His dark eyes look us over as he continues, "We won't treat them as the primary objectives. We put our time into protecting Darla while simultaneously tracking down this Locke freak. Once we eliminate him, the threat is over, and our job is done."
I glance out the blinds at a passing car. "Locke could grab the family to leverage for the girl."
"Too much heat on him right now. Abducting one person to make it easier to abduct another takes a lot of effort. He'll wait a short period and send someone else."
I think about Locke sending a cold-blooded bastard like Zivkovic to abduct Darla. The killer likely would have eliminated the sister and kids too, just for kicks.
"We might want to consider relocating Darla until we've neutralized Locke," I suggest.
Rafael shakes his head. "The girl isn't stable enough to move around. She's receiving therapy here. Besides, we have the upper hand by keeping it local. Our resources are here. Locke's aren't. He was in LA when she escaped."
"Even so, I get nervous thinking about the kind of damage a psycho like him could do to a high-rise building."
"He wants her alive," Rafael reminds me.
"For now. What happens when he realizes he can't take her alive? Guys like him think if they can't have the girl then no one should."
Rafael stands up and checks his phone. "We'll kill him before it comes to that." Based on his expression, I suspect his new wife Harlow is calling. "We'll send Manny to watch Vernon and his little family. Let them feel safe with a big Latin man standing nearby. I want Minka to baby-sit Darla at the hotel. Saskia, you get hold of your contacts in Serbia and find out how Locke found Zivkovic. I doubt they socialize in the same circles."
Rafael looks at me. "Troy, check out the apartment. Secure it like the damn president is visiting. Once you have it squared away, we'll move the girl there and see what Locke does next. Hopefully, his next move is his last."
"What about me, boss?" Tia asks.
"I need you to set your charm loose on the media types. Feed them false info. They're too damn interested in Darla's every breath. We need their eyes elsewhere, so they don't plaster our faces on the evening news. The last thing we need is for our past enemies showing up in Houston looking for payback while we're working our first big case."
Rafael stops at the door. "Make no mistake. These Richie Rich types talk. If we do right by Young, we'll set our prices and take whatever jobs we want in the future."
"Well that was ominous," Saskia mutters, following him out of the room before heading to her office.
I don't smile at her comment. My mind is on the job. I haven't faced a real assignment in months, and I'm edgy without the adrenaline high. Retiring into a security job at 30 feels like a waste of my talents. I miss hunting a target, learning a man's weaknesses, and preparing to spill his blood. My job has never been like Zivkovic's, and I refused to take jobs that involved killing women or children. Well, most women anyway. Killers like Minka and Saskia were fair game. Equals in every way but a woman like Darla or her sister shouldn't be targets.
There is no challenge in taking a life so easily ripped away. I have no respect for Zivkovic or the man who hired him. They're the kinds of targets I enjoy destroying. The hunt is officially on.
4
~~~
Darla
My Sweet Lies Keep Me Safe
Doctor Parker turns up the air conditioning unit in her office before returning to her seat. I mumble a thank you while adjusting the heavy sweatshirt over my D cups. I've never been quite comfortable with my body. My breasts are too big, my hips too wide, my butt too "baby, got back." Shelley never minded her curvaceous figure, and she tried to teach me to love my body.
"Girls with straight hair want curls. Girls with curly hair want it straight. Big butt girls want a tiny ass, and tiny assed girls wish they had more junk in the trunks. No one is ever happy, so ignore those negative thoughts and be happy with whatever you have."
My optimistic sister gave me the confidence to model swimsuits and work at boat shows. Nothing impressive, but the money gave me security. Then Locke snatched everything away.
"How is your diet going?" Doctor Parker asks me.
"Good. I haven't put on any weight, but it's bound to happen."
"Do you truly believe he will leave you alone if you put on weight?"
"No, but it gives me something to do."
Doctor Parker smiles slightly, but she's only humoring me. I make her nervous, which is fine. The last doctor, her husband, made me nervous. All men make me nervous. Men are strong. Women are weak. Rose was weak, and I don't know if I can ever stop being her.
"You have new security," Doctor Parker says, stating the obvious as usual.
"Her name is Minka."
I think of my security detail in the waiting room. Minka is beautiful and confident, but not like I once was. There's nothing bubble gum about her dark eyes and hair. She's exotic and deadly. I have no doubt she knows all kinds of martial arts moves and could karate chop me square in the face before I knew she moved.
"I like her," I mumble. "She's nice."
"You're moving to a new location."
"Yes."
"How do you feel about that?"
"I feel like I got a man killed two nights ago. I don't really care what my new address will be."
"The retired officer wasn't murdered by you. His life was ended by the same people who harmed you."
"That's nice, but the cop would never have been in the position to be shot if I hadn't run away from Locke."
"If people allowed criminals to do whatever they want, we'd need no police officers, but this wouldn't be a rational response to crime."
"Huh?"
"You can't blame yourself for not wanting to be a victim of crime. Locke is a crimi-nal. The retired officer was killed by Locke, not you. Only one person should take re-sponsibility for that death."
"I'm ruining my sister's life. Since I've been back, she spends most of her time wor-rying about me. She drives me around because I'm too spaced out to drive myself. She worries over my every meal. Am I sleeping enough or too much? She has two children, and I'm like a third. As if that wasn't bad enough, her house is now partially destroyed by a killer sent to take me back. I'm a plague, destroying everything I touch. Locke infected me, and now I spread his evil to the ones I love."
Doctor Parker scribbles something on her notepad. Watching her, I take a book from the shelf and use it to fan myself. I feel safer wrapped in lots of clothes. Even hot as hell, I prefer the false sense of security.
"Have you suffered any dark thoughts about how the world would be better off without you?" she asks, turning up the air conditioner again.
I shake my head, knowing if I admit otherwise that I might end up in a 48-hour hold at the local psych ward. I won't share how many times I've considered ending my life. If I weren't so cowardly, I'd have done it like the first Rose.
"When I think negative thoughts about running away from here and hiding from everyone, I know I couldn't do that to my sister."
"But you never think of hurting yourself."
"I survived for nine months. I don't want to die now that I'm free."
Doctor Parker nods, but I don't know if she believes me. We've had these sessions twice a week since I arrived in Houston, and her face is rarely readable.
"I want to give you a few exercises to do before we meet next."
Groaning, I roll my eyes. "Exercising will counteract all the eating I'm doing. I want to get fat enough for Locke to lose interest."
"These aren't physical exercises," she says patiently. "I'd like you to list five goals for yourself once the situation with Locke is dealt with. Be as detailed as possible."
Relieved she doesn't expect me to work out; I take the sheet of paper she has typed out all tidy for me.
"Can you tell me one right now?"
I struggle to think of anything I imagine for my future. The things I once assumed like traveling, finding a husband, and having children now feel out of reach. Leaving the house is too scary. Men are scarier. Children make too much noise.
"I want to visit my grandparents' graves near their old cabin," I say, pulling an idea out of my ass. "They raised Shelley and me after our parents died. I think staying at the cabin and remembering my time with them would be nice."
Doctor Parker scribbles on her notebook again. I hate these sessions. My every breath scrutinized, I feel trapped again. With Locke, I never enjoyed a true moment alone. My feelings forever molded by a sociopath, I'm now stuck lying to avoid being locked away for my own good.
The session finally ends after I very slowly explain everything I've eaten today and everything I plan to eat after leaving her office. She doesn't want to hear what I'm saying, but she's stuck. Telling me to shut up isn't in her job description.
After I send Minka a text to warn her I'm leaving the room; she's waiting at the ready in the waiting room. Next to such a confident woman, I feel like a clumsy loser as she leads me to the car outside.
"Did the session go okay?" she asks once we're driving to the apartment.
"I guess. We just talk."
"I saw a therapist years ago. She told me I needed extensive therapy and mountains of medication. I told her to eat shit and die. For that, I paid a hundred dollars."
Smiling slightly, I stare out the window and look for suspicious vehicles. I have no damn idea what makes one car more suspicious than another considering we're driving in a crowded city. Still I pretend I'm useful.
"Your clothes were moved to the apartment during the doctor visit," Minka says.
"Will you stay with me?"
"You'll need around the clock security, so different members of the team will take turns. Don't worry. They're all talented badasses. Not as good as me but close."
Even smiling, I'm nervous. Minka seems nice and patient. I'm afraid the next person will be mean. What if they yell at me? I'm sick of crying, but someone raising their voice at me makes tears unavoidable. If Minka's replacement is a man and he yells at me, I might hide in a damn closet for the rest of the week.
I imagine all sorts of ugly possibilities waiting for me when I arrive at the apart-ment. Minka pats me on the shoulder and says it'll be fine. Shaking wildly in complete terror, I only nod while waiting to meet her replacement.
I'm completely unprepared for who I find.
5
~~~
Darla
Safety in Silence
How is a living Ken doll standing in the kitchen of my new apartment? Have I taken too many of the tranquilizers today? Minka stands next to him, and she doesn't look like part of a hallucination.
"Darla, this is Troy."
I don't think I'm even breathing. He's too tall and blond. Too California Dreaming beautiful or maybe corn-fed Americana. No doubt I would have slobbered if I met this perfect male specimen before Locke. Even now as his dark blue eyes focus on me, my world spins.
I back away from Troy, stumbling over a suitcase Shelley packed for me. I'm suddenly very aware of how far away my sister is now. I'm alone with strangers again. The exotic Minka and the unbearably handsome Troy, neither of whom know me as anything except the girl enslaved for nine months.
"It's okay," Minka says to me.
"What?" Troy grunts.
"It's in the file about her not being able to make eye contact or speak to men because of Locke. Do your homework, Troy."
Rather than backing off, Troy walks over to me, lifts my chin, and shakes my hand.
"Locke isn't here, is he?" he mutters. "I'm Troy Sheridan. I'll be on shift this evening."
I slide my trembling hand from his warm one. The urge to wipe off his touch is strong. Instead, I shove my hand into the pocket of my sweat pants.
"Do people call you Sherry?" I ask, lowering my gaze again. "Like a code name?"
"No. They call me Frosty."
"I like Sherry better," I whisper, hurrying out of the room.
I hear Troy and Minka speaking in hushed voices. I don't know this apartment but find the door to the master bedroom. The grandiose decor isn't my taste, but I'm thank-ful Vernon found me a place to stay. Instead of hiding in the bedroom, I walk down the hallway and stop before reaching the open kitchen and living room area. I peer around the corner at Troy.
I've always been shallow, having a thing for pretty men. Troy is more than pretty. He's tall and powerful with wide shoulders. His blond hair is as thick as his dark lashes. Troy is without a doubt the most beautiful man I've ever seen.
Before Locke, I'd be in a state of heat upon seeing a man like Troy. Rather than aroused, my body remains numb to anything besides fear. The only heat I feel is from wearing sweats in the summer.
I locate the air conditioning controls and set the apartment to a cool 60 degrees. No way will I wear anything except my oversized sweats around Troy. In fact, I might ask Shelley to bring me a jacket too.
Minka turns the corner and nearly runs into me. She gestures for me to follow her into the bedroom.
"Troy has horrible people skills," she says, shutting the door, "but he's not a bad guy. He takes his job very seriously and will die to protect you."
Nodding, I pull a blanket from the bed and wrap myself with it. Minka shows no reaction to my behavior. She checks her massive man-style watch and then looks at me.
"Tell you what. Give Troy a few hours to win you over with his amazing lack of charm. If that doesn't happen, I'll come back and spend the night."
Staring at her through my hair, I frown. "I'm sorry."
"Between you and me, if I ended up in your situation, I'd have been dead the first week. I wouldn't know how to be patient and pace myself. I'd attack and freak out until they put a bullet in me. You were smart and survived. Now you get a chance to find your way. No one expects you to do it overnight, so don't apologize. Not to me and especially not to Troy."
Having a tough chick like Minka give me a pep talk fills me with courage. Her respect shouldn't matter, but I don't know who I am anymore. I'm not Rose. I'm not really Darla either. I've become nothing more than a ball of numbness - afraid of every noise, every set of eyes, every choice before me.
I give her a smile. "Thanks."
"Troy isn't a loud person, so that should help. He does tend to sneak up on people, but I told him to put his cat routine on ice."
Nodding, I push back my hair from my face. My sister will love me even if I'm the most pathetic loser in the world. Her respect is unconditional, just like her love. Minka though plays by different rules. I crave her respect. Maybe then, I can learn to respect myself.
Despite my recharged confidence, I take nearly an hour to leave the room and sneak to where Troy stands alone in the kitchen. He never looks up or acknowledges me in any way before speaking.
"Did Locke watch sports?" he asks with his back to me.
I shake my head, but he obviously can't see me. "No," I whisper once then twice when he doesn't respond.
"Good," he says, glancing over his shoulder. "I want to watch the game. Is that a problem?"
I can't tell whether he's challenging me or I'm just afraid of any man who doesn't tiptoe around me. Vernon is terrified of making me cry, so he rarely speaks directly to me. He also literally tiptoes into a room to avoid startling me.
I shake my head at Troy's question. He nods and walks to the living room. A minute later, the sounds of a pre-game reach the hallway where I still hide.
The apartment must be expensive with all the upgrades and the view of downtown. I hate all the windows, but Shelley already had long curtains installed to make me feel safer. Of course, Troy stands up and opens them all.
"It's like a damn cave," he mumbles under his breath, but I hear him from where I now cower in the kitchen.
I stare at the back of his head for a long time. My mind wanders, and I find myself thinking of when Shelley and I used to ride our bikes around the neighborhood. We felt so free and safe in our established subdivision filled with turn of the century homes and well-kept lawns. During the summer when Shelley was fourteen, she stopped wanting to ride her bike. I figured she was growing up. A few years later, I realized why she stopped riding.
The town was a lot safer for a kid than a buxom teenage girl. I got creepy stares from the same men who used to wave neighborly at me. Puberty didn't change me as much as the reactions of those around me. They saw me and got aroused, so I had to hide my body to keep myself safe.
I still believe hiding my body provides me protection. As long as a man can't see my boobs, he can't think of them either. This belief is ridiculous with my swimsuit photos plastered all over the Internet. However, the sweats give me the illusion of safety. Since living in Locke's insane world, I need all the help I can get to feel secure in my surrounding. Most days, I'm not even safe in my head.
Troy startles me when he stands and walks to the kitchen. His movements are so quiet and quick that I nearly fall, trying to get away from him.
"What is it that you think will happen if we're in the same room?" he asks, opening a cabinet. "If we ate popcorn on the couch and watched a baseball game, would the world end?"
I open my mouth to say something. Anything. Yet nothing comes out. Unable to make eye contact, I stare at his chest. In my head exists dozens of breezy answers to his question, but only a choked sound leaves my lips.
Troy shuts the cabinet, holding a bag of popcorn. He's staring at me and waiting for a response. Despite my best efforts, I can't give him one. The panic at having him stare at me is too much, and I run back to my room where I plan to hide until Minka returns.
6
~~~
Troy
The Soft Curvy Ghost
Gentle has never been my strong suit. I get into my head how things ought to be a certain way, so I push until the world bends to my will. When it won't, I walk the fuck away and avoid the struggle. I win, or I give up.
What can I do about a woman like Darla? She needs gentle, but I feel edgy having her out of my sight. I hate not knowing what she's doing. Is she making calls? Can anyone see in through the windows? Darla being out of my sight means she isn't protected.
I can't pretend I'm emotionally touched by Darla's story. I never get into the heads of those I protect. For most of my adult life, I've killed bad guys, so I'm much better at focusing on my target. A freak like Locke doesn't scare me one-on-one, yet his money makes me nervous. He can hire a hundred killers like Zivkovic.
Watching the game, I wait for something bad to happen or for Darla to get her ass back into the living room. I'll be satisfied with her hiding in the adjoining kitchen. Knowing her movements helps me prepare for Locke's.
Taking a break from the third inning, I decide to make another bag of popcorn. The file on Darla says she is an emotional eater. Maybe buttery popcorn will lure Darla from her hiding place.
My bait works. Sitting again on the couch, I sense movement behind me and see her image in the window glare. She's hovering near the kitchen hallway.
"Get it while it's hot," I say, tossing popcorn back at her.
I'm unsure how close to her my half-ass throw lands the popcorn. Darla disappears from one doorway near the kitchen, only to appear from another hallway near the front door. I instinctively tense, thinking she might make a run for it. Instead, Darla appears at the other end of the couch and stares at the cushions.
"Here," I say, tossing popcorn at her shirt.
A frown appears on her face, but she remains silent. Sitting on the couch as far from me as possible, she studies the bowl of popcorn that I've set on the table.
"Have at it," I say, taking the bowl and resting it next to her on the couch.
Darla doesn't react immediately. I don't know if she's afraid or stubborn. She could be stoned too, I assume. Her medicine cabinet is overflowing with helpful aids from well-meaning doctors. "Dope her up," seems to be their solution to her every problem. Scared of her own shadow? Just dope her up! Trouble sleeping after an attack by a Serbian hitman? Just double her doses!
From the corner of my eye, I see her hand sneaking up on the popcorn. I don't know what she thinks will happen when she touches the food, but I notice an obvious sigh of relief once the first piece is in her grasp.
"Do you like baseball?" I ask once her shoulders relax a little.
Darla glances at me, using her hair as a shield. I see her blue eyes for only a second before she stares at the popcorn. After much deliberation, she nods.
"That wasn't so hard, was it?"
After two minutes, Darla shakes her head, and I feel like a frigging snake charmer. Even if she isn't deadly, I know she can make my job very complicated.
Careful not to be caught looking, I watch her eat. Darla's clearly overheated from wearing the heavy sweats. I notice her sweaty forehead and a slight flush to her cheeks.
"Why not change into something more appropriate for the summer heat?"
Darla tenses. I've pissed her off. No, scared her. I have to remind myself how someone like Darla doesn't get angry over every annoyance. That's Minka. My ex is a big believer in punching people first and asking questions when they regain consciousness.
Darla wants to wear her sweats, but I think it's stupid to be overheated inside. The air conditioning is running so high the apartment feels like late autumn. The colder the room gets, the angrier I feel. Not at Darla, but at Locke for still being in her head.
"What's the point of wearing all that?" I ask, pointing at her getup. "It's not cold. Locke isn't here. Besides, I know what you look like under all those clothes, so why not take them off?"
Darla gives me eye contact for the first time, and her gaze is full of hate. Before I can react, she jumps up from the couch. I move without thinking and grab her wrist to stop her from fleeing. Her panicked crying startles the living shit out of me.
"Whoa," I say, letting go of her. "Don't freak."
Standing somehow straight, yet seeming in a fetal position, Darla hides right before me. Whimpering behind a curtain of her hair, she shakes in terror.
I take a deep breath and remember her file. The doctors were vague on the specifics of her time with Locke, but I got the gist.
"You can run back to your room. Or you can remember that I'm the nice man who made you popcorn."
Darla doesn't move, but her crying softens. I feel the urge to react, to move towards the problem rather than away from it.
"I'm going to sit down and watch the game," I murmur as if talking to a lover. "I'll keep my eyes on the batter while you decide if you want to be alone in your room or hang out here with me."
Despite my nature, I force my ass back in the chair and stare at the TV. The need to control this situation - to control Darla really - is killing me. After all, I know what's best, and she's ridiculous to disagree.
This was why Minka and I got together years ago. I am an asshole who pushes people around. She is a bitch who never let me give her grief. Minka is the only woman capable of dealing with my shit. The problem was we couldn't seem to fall in love. I thought of her as a sexy pal rather than a real woman. No amount of fucking could make me view her as a woman.
Darla is nothing like Minka. Though her hateful glare does remind me of my ex's temper. All soft and curvy with too many feelings right on the surface, Darla is the kind of woman I avoid.
I don't know how she stands in the same place for so long, but Darla doesn't move for nearly fifteen minutes. Her crying stops first. The whimpering ends next. Finally, she's a silent creature unable to run, yet unwilling to sit down. Realizing she's clearly stuck, I get the urge to help her make the decision.
Holding my tongue, I pretend to give a shit about the game. The score isn't even close, but I lean forward as if gripped by the action. My face is stony, showing her none of the edginess I feel. I keep my gaze stuck on the TV, only stealing glances at her occasionally. Each time, I hope she'll move. Forward or back doesn't matter at this point. I just want her to do something.
7
~~~
Darla
No Right Answer
Locke always gave me choices. Choose correctly, and I was allowed to eat what he wanted or wear what he picked out. Choose incorrectly, and I was punished. Often the choices weren't clear. Picking between two salads to prove I knew which one Locke preferred. If I were his Rose, I should know the right answer. If I weren't his Rose, I required more help remembering.
The fear of punishment paralyzed me until I became unable to choose. I'd only stare at the two ties or peanuts or whatever insane test he put before me. Unable to choose, I'd freeze because no answer was right and every choice led to punishment. When I couldn't act, he sent me to my room to think it over.
"I'm a patient man, Rose," Locke told me a million times.
His patience always came at a cost, though. The only way to be truly free was to dig deep enough into my mind that nothing felt real anymore. I was in a darkness where the pain was no more than a dull ache. Fear became diluted too. When Locke's gaze focused on me, I didn't squirm under the chill of his obscene needs. Hidden in my mind, I felt freer than I'd ever been.
Now Troy offers me choices, and he demands I know the correct answer. Like Locke, he pretends to be a calm man, but I feel his need for me to respond appropriately. Understanding his needs and accepting his demands, Troy just wants me to fucking behave.
I don't know if I should return to my room or remain with Troy. I can't decide what the right answer is. What happens if I make the wrong choice? What if the decision isn't truly mine? What if Troy's testing me like Locke did a million times?
Stuck between imagining myself in the bedroom and back on the couch, I can't move. I don't even know how long I stand next to the couch. A minute? An hour? Time means nothing when I fade into my mind. Weeks flew by with Locke, leaving me surprised by the changing season.
Free now, I need to dig my way back out. Yet my skin crawls from Troy's touch and the heat of sweating so much for so long. In my mind, I hear Shelley's voice telling me how Vern hired these professional killers to protect us. Keep it on the DL, she said. No one needs to know they're criminals, but this security team is the real deal. Lie, cheat, steal, and kill, they'll do whatever necessary to get the job done.
I promise myself Troy is not Locke. He is not my enemy or jailer. I have power in this situation. No choice is wrong. None of them will lead to punishment. Yet the fog drowns out my common sense. I can't find my way back to this place with this man.
I stare at Troy through my blonde hair. He has blond hair too. I focus on the strands covering his forehead. A few flutter in the air blowing from the air conditioning vent above him. I study the way his dark lashes look against his bronzed skin whenever he blinks. His blue eyes flicker towards me occasionally. My gaze takes in his perfectly straight nose and sharp chin. He's flawless except for a white scar across this throat.
I focus on his hands. Passivity from an aggressive man, they're so still on his lap. I'm fascinated by how calm he looks. He lies so well. I sense he's edgy, but I have no proof to what he's really feeling. So rather than choosing between staying and going, I consider his struggle.
Troy wants me to follow his instructions. He likes getting his way, but his way scared the shit out of me. Now he's pretending to be casual, so I won't cry again. He's lying with his every breath to keep me calm. I have the power to make him squirm. This realization clears away the darkness.
Power sounds fun, even if I don't know what to do with any of it. Yet the darkness breaks enough for me to sit down on the couch and stare at the TV.
"Was that really so hard?" he asks quietly.
"You have no idea."
Without looking at me, Troy smiles slightly. "Do you want to eat out tonight or order in?"
"What do you think?" I say, immediately regretting my tone.
Troy focuses his gaze on me and lifts an eyebrow. "You went out earlier with Minka. I'm stronger than she is, so why not trust that I can protect you?"
I say nothing, feeling guilty for sounding pissy. I've forgotten how to tease someone or even how to have a conversation. I always sound depressed, tired, or grumpy. Two weeks earlier, I was in a good mood, but Shelley thought I was about to cry. Apparently, even my happy voice sounds miserable.
"I don't want to eat out," I finally say after thinking for excessively long for a response.
"Fine, but I'm not eating any foofoo stuff. Nothing with kale or tofu in it. A man needs to put his foot down occasionally."
Lowering my head, I smile behind my hair. Troy leans over and studies me.
"Are you smiling or about to cry?"
"Both."
Troy smiles before he sits back and watches the TV. His hands are now tapping steadily. His feet tap along with those fingers. No longer does he pretend to be passive for my sake. He reminds me of a kid kept inside for too long. I watch his movements and feel more in touch with my surroundings.
I suck at keeping track of time. Growing up, I was often teased for being constantly late. So sitting in the living room, I don't know how long I peek through my hair at Troy's tapping fingers. He glances at me during commercials. A few times, I think he'll speak, but he doesn't. Troy is trying to figure me out. He needs to regain control of this situation. I know exactly how he feels.
8
~~~
Troy
Playing the Games Others Created
The ballgame is nearly over when I ask Darla if she's ready to order dinner. Whispering her answer, she asks to take a shower first. Two hours later, she still hasn't reappeared from the room.
I know she's sleeping. No way did I wait for more than 20 minutes after the water turned off to check on her. Darla left her door unlocked, and I pushed it open soundlessly to find her hidden under blankets.
Figuring she needs the rest from all the medications she takes, I leave her. When the first hour passes, I shrug it off. By the end of the second hour, I'm edgy again.
What's the proper way to handle this situation? Do I wake her up? Order us food and hope the aroma lures Darla from her slumber? Or let her sleep forever how long she needs while I eat alone?
I finally decide, after much pacing in the living room, to order dinner before waking her. Darla needs to eat. When Minka had knee surgery and was drugged up on meds, she went too long without eating, and all hell broke loose. Well, mostly vomit, but the result was horrifying.
The food ordered, I return to the bedroom and watch her sleep. With her hair away from her face, Darla's incredible beauty is more apparent. I wouldn't be a man if I didn't pause to admire such a sight.
My fingers curl into fists, struggling against the urge to caress her soft pale skin. Darla fears me in the same way she fears all people. I'm both her protector and a threat.
I'll never be smart enough to reprogram what Locke twisted up inside her. Maybe no one is, but I believe in miracles. I'm alive based on no more than perfect timing and pure luck. Some might call it all a coincidence, but I'm old fashioned. Miracles do happen, and Darla deserves one.
I don't touch her golden hair or delicate face. My desires feel small when I recall her earlier fear. Rather than caress her in a perverted way, I stand a foot from the bed, lean forward, and knock loudly on the dresser to her left.
Her eyes open wide and stare horrified at me. Seeing only panic in her expression, I say her name.
"You are Darla. I am Troy Sheridan. I was hired to protect you."
Holding her breath, Darla remains stuck behind her terrified expression.
"Look around at where you are," I say in an emotionless voice. "You know this place, and you know me. I've ordered dinner. You need to get up and eat. Do you understand?"
Finally breathing, Darla stares at me for another minute. The fear fades from her eyes until she's watching me in a tender way.
"Sherry is a good code name."
I stand up straight and smirk at her comment. "I'll wait for you in the kitchen. The food should arrive in twenty minutes."
Leaving Darla, I hope she won't take an hour to join me. I replay our exchange and smile at how she rebounded quicker than I assumed she would. I wait in the kitchen for both the food and my dinner date. The delivery guy arrives first. 
I watch him on the lobby cameras I installed earlier. He hurries to the elevator where I watch him come up. If I were one of Locke's henchmen, I'd switch out with a deliveryman to catch the jump on the security. I know this is the real deliveryman, though, considering his speed at reaching the elevator. A professional killer moves with enough ease to size up the area for cameras and possible threats.
The food might still be tampered with, but the guy doesn't seem nervous. He also doesn't seem like he's trying to hide that he's nervous. Mostly, he's distracted by what looks like a gambling site on his phone.
I take the food from the guy who makes no effort to chat or glance into the apartment. Once he leaves the building, I set out the meal on the kitchen table.
I order Italian, guessing that Darla's a carb junkie. A few minutes after the food arrives, she appears in the hallway. Darla doesn't walk into the kitchen right away, instead peering at me from around the corner.
When she won't join me in the kitchen, I sit down and begin eating. The food is pretty damn good, but I still dump a crapload of parmesan cheese on top. I'm adding even more when Darla finally steps into the kitchen before pausing. She's like a rabbit tiptoeing through a forest of predators. 
Twirling the pasta on my fork, I don't look at her. My gaze focuses on my plate rather than her slinking past the kitchen island and around the back of my chair. Only when she slides into her chair across from me and picks up a fork, do I acknowledge her presence.
"Parmesan cheese?" I ask, sounding like I'm throwing a pickup line at her.
Darla shakes her head. With her hair wrapped behind her ears, I realize her eyes are blue-green now. Minka once said my eyes changed colors, but I always suspected she was lying. After all, two minutes before the eyes thing, she told me I was the best man she'd even met and then burst into laughter.
"I like linguini," I say, just to say something.
Darla doesn't react to my comment. Closing my eyes, I feel her thinking a million thoughts. Why can't she just say the words aloud and end the suspense?
"I ordered cake," I mutter when the silence bugs me for too long. "Chocolate cake. I bet that's your favorite."
Darla startles me by smiling. I catch her gaze flicking to the cake on the counter. Her attention lingers lovingly on our dessert. Grinning at her reaction, I realize chocolate cake might actually be her favorite. I finally get lucky with the new client.
Darla's gaze meets mine, and I see a hint of the woman she was before Locke abducted her. I bet she was shy when she first met people. Once she got comfortable, she was likely a feisty woman.
Her gaze falters, and she hides in her head again. Even though I shouldn't care one way or another, I wish she showed me more of the true Darla.
"Locke will be dead soon," I say, staring at her until she meets my gaze. "Do you want him to die quick or slow?"
Darla only stares into my eyes until she speaks. Lowering her gaze, she mumbles, "He has two loyal men who kill for him."
"Well, it's a good thing my gun holds more than one bullet then."
Glancing at me, Darla reveals an expression I can't read.
"You want him dead, right?" I demand.
Darla flinches at my tone and ignores her food for a long time. Pretending not to notice, I eat while wishing I kept my mouth shut. Just when I think she might flee to her room, she grinds the fork into the plate. The horrible screeching sound breaks the awkward silence.
I look up from my food to find Darla staring at me. Our gazes hold for maybe a minute before she says one word, "Sometimes..."
Darla doesn't finish. Blinking rapidly, she lowers her gaze and focuses on her pasta. I keep waiting for her to leave the room, but she remains for cake. Through the entire meal, I expect her to explain her earlier odd expression or the word "sometimes." Darla chooses to keep her secrets, though.
9
~~~
Darla
Twisted Up Inside
Sometimes, I forget I'm not Rose. She didn't hate Locke. Her heart wasn't closed to him. His pleasure brought Rose happiness. Darla understood how his insanity brought me pain. Yet sometimes, I forget Locke is evil. I forget to fear him and want him dead. Sometimes, I am Rose again, and this new life makes no sense to me.
The chocolate cake reminds me I'm not Rose. She wasn't allowed sweets or pasta. Action movies weren't an option either, yet here I am sitting on the couch with a beautiful man watching John McClane interfere with the bad guys' well thought out plan.
Troy is sexier than before my nap. I don't know how this is possible, but his eyes look bluer and his skin more golden. Sitting at one end while he rests on the other, I imagine reaching over to touch his hair. Fortunately, my mind prevents me from doing something so stupid.
Every time, I try to settle down, Troy stands to check the security cameras. I watch him leave and stare at the doorway until he returns. The third time he returns, Troy sits on the couch closer to me.
"Hello," he says, smirking at how I'm staring at his proximity.
My frown causes his smile to widen. A moment passes before I feel myself smiling too.
"Thanks for dinner," I mutter, hiding my grin.
"Thank your rich brother-in-law for paying all the bills."
"I will."
"You like him?"
"Vernon is a good man."
"You mean good at being rich."
Leaning my head back on the couch, I stare at the ceiling. "He's a good husband and father. He's generous and patient."
"Are you planning to get a sugar daddy like your sister?"
"Maybe. I don't have the skills to get a job capable of taking care of all my expenses. Therapy, security, food, snacks, and desserts all cost money I don't have."
"You don't need a dull weenie like Vern. A lot of better men can pay for all that shit."
"Why are you crapping on Vern? Did he give you a silly nickname?"
Troy leans over until I can feel his breath on my skin. "Are you teasing me?"
Refusing to look at him, I smile. "I don't know why you're ragging on Vernon when he's harmless to a man like you."
"He could pay a man like me to kill me. That's what he did to Locke. Money gives him power."
"So why ask me if I want a sugar daddy when the answer is clear?"
Troy reaches out to remove hair from my cheek. His touch is like a jolt of electricity, sending me off the couch. Stumbling, I end up on the ground. He moves to help me, but sees my expression and backs off. Or maybe he's horrified by my stupidity. I can't be sure what he's thinking when I'm so overloaded by my own wild moods.
Leaning forward to take his bottle of water, Troy casually sits farther down the couch to give me more room.
"I might be a pushy bastard, but I'm not blind to the way crap can get into a person's head and let it confuse them."
My hands wrap into fists as I struggle to get my ass off the ground. I don't want to be this frightened thing. All I have to do is return to the couch, and Troy will allow me to pretend I hadn't freaked out. Yet I remain glued to the floor.
"When I was a kid, I was headed for the big leagues," Troy says without looking at me. "At least, that's what people said. Playing baseball, I could hit anything. Turn even weak throws into home runs. This was a big deal for me. See, my brother has always been hot shit. He aced his tests. He never has a bad day. Even now, he's a decorated Navy man with a wife who always smiles. I'm not even sure she has another facial expression. No one believes me, but I swear his kids were born smiling. Creepy shit, trust me."
Smiling under my hair, I scoot closer to the couch.
"Baseball was the one thing I was better at than Kevin. He didn't hate me for it, but I liked to pretend he did. I really resented his ease at life. Living in someone's shadow isn't easy. Everyone in my family made me feel small. My dad is a retired Navy SEAL. My uncles are Navy SEALs. My aunt competed in sharp shooting at the Olympics. I come from a stock heavy with alphas, so getting any traction in life felt tricky."
Troy pauses to gulp his water. I take advantage of his attention being elsewhere to scoot closer to the couch and rest against the leather fabric.
"I loved the cracking sound of the bat striking the ball. The sound still gives me a shiver when I hear it, but I haven't played in a decade."
Watching him from under my hair, I imagine him as an all-American kid playing baseball. I see people cheering for him hitting all those home runs. He must have been quite a sight.
"My mom was killed in a drunk driving accident," Troy says, killing my smile. Though his voice remains devoid of emotion, I'm saddened by his loss.
"I wish I could say the drunk was the other guy, but it was Mom who ran an innocent person off the road before she ended up in a ditch. Thankfully, the other driver was only mildly injured. After Mom died, I couldn't hit the ball again. Got the yips and missed even easy hits. Dad sent me to a shrink, but it didn't help. I played for a few more years, but a ball player who can't hit a ball is pretty useless. Unless he's a pitcher, of course."
Getting the joke, I smile. Not that Troy can see it with me hidden under my hair.
"So it's not really the same thing," he continues, "but I understand how things can get twisted up inside you. No amount of happy thoughts or therapy can fix it either."
Troy stands up. "I need to check the security monitors. Tomorrow, I'll get them set up so I can watch from my phone."
As he walks out of the room, I hate how needy I feel when he's gone. I want to show him how much I appreciate his story. He also didn't make a big deal out of my fear, so I force myself to sit on the couch.
Troy doesn't say anything about my new position. He never mentions anything that happened, but I catch him grinning slightly when we return to watching the movie. I smile too while pushing back my hair from my face. By the time we call it a night and I retire to my bedroom, I've even managed a few short bits of real eye contact.
Happy thoughts probably can't fix what's twisted up in me. Yet a hot man's attentions might do the trick, though.
10
~~~
Troy
Logic Takes a Holiday
Manny arrives at five in the morning, so I can go home and sleep. After we spent the evening together, I would honestly remain in the apartment 24/7. Darla now feels like my responsibility. She likes me, and I doubt she likes many people these days. I belong here with her, but I'm not calling the shots on this mission. After I tell Manny the basics about Darla, I grudgingly leave for home.
Darla's under my skin. I feel her with me on the drive to my one bedroom apartment in a nearby suburb. She lingers in my thoughts while I eat a quick piece of toast and take a hot shower. I want to sleep as quickly as possible, just in case I'm needed back at the apartment.
Touching her cheek was a mistake I won't make next time. My attraction got the better of me, drowning out all of my common sense. Seeing her smile set off something inside me, and I should have gotten the feelings under control before my fingers went rogue against her soft skin.
Dozing off, I hope Darla insists I return. I imagine her claiming she needs the only guy she trusts. I haven't felt this petty since I was a kid and wanted the new puppy only to like me.
Darla isn't a pet. She's an incredible woman trapped in a protective shell. Having seen a hint of the real Darla, I'm hooked. I need to see her smile again. I'm dying to hear her laugh.
Minka's call wakes me four hours after I crash.
"Darla's freaking. Get your ass back to the apartment."
"On whose orders?" I mumble while rolling out of bed.
"Mine, I guess. Or yours. Whoever is in charge says hurry the hell up. I'll meet you there in a few minutes."
I hang up and stagger into the shower, nearly taking the phone with me. The cold water wakes me up while a quick stop for coffee gives me a caffeine kick. Yet, more than anything else, the image a panicked Darla breaks through the morning groggy.
Minka waits for me in the apartment garage. She's clearly gotten a good night's rest based on her big smile.
"Brush your hair, playboy."
I run my free hand through the damp mess on my head. Taking a gulp of my coffee, I follow Minka.
"Last night," she says while we wait for the elevator, "when you tucked her into bed, did you happen to mention you wouldn't be working the morning shift?"
"Probably. I said a lot of stuff. Besides, I assumed she understood the score since you and I switched off last night."
Minka shoots me a dark look and steps into the empty elevator. Following her, I hit the 27th-floor button and take another gulp of coffee.
"You need to be careful," she says, tapping at the handgun strapped to her belt. "Darla isn't available, so keep it in your pants."
Grinning, I lean closer to her. "Poor weak Minka, what horrors you must suffer from following your heart. If only you could be like me and control yourself around attractive people. Oh, if only. Instead, you swoon so easily."
"You're not funny," she says, smiling. "Darla isn't some chippy you can charm with that smile."
"Unlike you, I'm perfectly capable of being attracted to someone without tripping over my dick. One day, when you're all grown up, you might find the same kind of self-control."
Minka shoves me aside when the doors open. "You're not fooling me, Sheridan."
Saskia opens the door for us while Manny stands in the kitchen. Glancing around, I don't spot Darla.
"She's in her bedroom, doing that hiccup crying," Saskia explains.
"What happened?" Minka asks.
Manny shrugs. "She came out of her room, took one look at me, and started crying. I figured she didn't like the big scary brown man in her place. I called Saskia, but Darla only cried harder. You'd think a tiny redhead wouldn't freak her out so much."
Saskia gives Manny her death glare, but he ignores her. I always knew he was nuts.
"She warmed up to us," Minka says, "so we'll take over. We don't need the entire team to babysit her at the apartment."
"Fine with me," Manny mutters, spinning on his heel. "Call me when it's time to shoot someone."
Saskia says nothing while following him. I don't wait for Minka on my way to the bedroom. She's close behind and even reaches for the doorknob.
Grunting, I push her out of the way with my hip and open the door. We step into the room to find the bed empty, and Darla sitting in a corner chair. She slumped over with her hair covering her face, but I know she's awake because her left foot taps wildly as we approach.
Minka kneels in front of the chair and cups Darla's face. I wish I could touch her so easily without sending her into a panic. Shoving aside my greedy desires, I watch Minka study Darla.
"Did you take a tranquilizer?" she asks.
Darla doesn't need to answer. Her eyes are glazed and emotionless.
"Let's move to the living room," Minka says, trying to lift her up.
I sweep past her and take a nearly unconscious Darla into my arms. Walking to the living room, I brush my lips against her forehead quickly. I want more, but Minka is watching while Darla isn't an active participant. These tiny details keep me from enjoying the warmth of her in my embrace.
Once she's comfortable on the couch, I realize Darla's watching me. I wait to see her reaction. She holds my gaze for longer than I expect. Minka is also watching me, but I ignore her until Darla dozes off.
"Just no," she whispers when I join her in the kitchen. "She's all kinds of messed up, and you lack the kind of personal skills necessary to deal with her."
"I dealt with her fine," I say, checking the security cameras. "We need to get these images to show up on our phones."
"There's some damn issues with the equipment compatibility. I told Rafael he should hire on a real IT security nerd, but he figured we could contract out to local geeks. Nobody listens to me, just like you aren't in regards to Darla."
Sighing, I hold her gaze. "I'm not doing anything, Minka."
"I know you. In fact, you're wearing the same look as when we worked the Bogotá assignment, and you insisted we save the priest. How did that fucking turn out?"
Instinctually scratching the scar on my throat, I feel not an ounce of regret about Bogotá. Then again, I survived.
"What do you suggest?" I ask, returning to the kitchen.
Minka tugs at my shirt, pulling me down so she can whisper in my ear. "Don't forget where she was for nine months. Don't be like that freak Locke and only see what you want from her."
I pat her on the head, and Minka immediately gives me a dirty look.
"Thanks for dumbing that down for me, Habanero."
"Frosty, you're asking for trouble."
A moment passes while I peek around the couch to see a dozing Darla. She's an angel wrapped up in dark blue oversized flannel. Minka isn't wrong that I want Darla. She likely isn't wrong about Darla being unable to want me back. Despite Minka's many great insights, I refuse to step away from the angel on the couch.
11
~~~
Darla
Fear Overwhelms
Awakening from a fog, I'm relieved to find Troy back at the apartment. I dozed off the night before thinking about his staggeringly beautiful blue eyes. I dreamed of his voice when he shared the story about his mom. When I saw Manny this morning, I felt abandoned. Unable to think, I quickly lost myself in panic. As usual, once the fear overwhelmed me, I couldn't calm down. Now I'm awake on the couch, feeling more ridiculous than relieved upon seeing Troy again.
"Look who's awake," Troy says, setting a glass on the table in front of the couch. "Here's the tea you like."
I sit up and stare at Troy. He doesn't look angry about my earlier freakout.
"I'm sorry," I whisper, reaching for the tea.
"Why, for not wanting to look at Manny's porn mustache all day? No one can blame you for that. It's his wife's fetish, so why must the rest of us suffer?"
Smiling, I hold his gaze for as long as I can. Troy is different today, yet I can't figure out how.
"I should have told you Manny was switching with me," Troy says, standing over me.
"You did, but I forgot."
Studying me, Troy nods. "Minka and I will be switching off. No more porn mustaches and whatever scared you about Saskia. I'm assuming it was her dead eyes."
I frown up at him. "They were nice. I just freaked."
Troy smiles easily. "Protecting their feelings is sweet, but save it for when they're in the room and can appreciate the gesture."
I narrow my eyes. "Don't tell me what to do."
Troy's smile widens. "You're fun after a nap."
His smile promises more than simple teasing. The sexual heat radiating from him surprises me, and I check my sweats to make sure my body is properly covered. Finding myself a mess, I hide behind my hair. I'm unsure how I feel about a man like Troy finding me attractive. I'm leaning towards liking his attentions when Minka arrives.
"Go figure out the security feed thing," she says to Troy.
His gaze lingers on my face before he finally leaves the room. I sip my tea and hope Minka doesn't tell me I'm a loser for thinking Troy likes me.
"You need a new wardrobe," Minka announces, flopping onto the couch.
Frowning, I say nothing while wrapping myself tighter in the sweats.
"I knew a German government agent who sold info. She hated femininity. I don't know why since we weren't friends. Anyway, she always wore shirts with long sleeves and high collars. Only her face and hands were ever bare. She didn't wear baggy, uncomfortable clothes like you but kept herself covered."
Remaining silent, I study Minka's tight tank top and black jeans. Her skin is golden like Troy's. Minka notices my gaze on her.
"I like dressing this way, but I wear whatever fits for the job. I'm sexy when I need to flash skin as a distraction. I'm covered up when I need to blend in. I ugly up shockingly easy," she says, giving me a wink. "People are blind to those they don't find physically attractive. That's why I'm always suspicious of mousy women and nerdy men. I've played that con too many times as a way to gain access to a location."
I open my mouth to speak then change my mind. Minka doesn't miss a beat.
"You should have seen Troy dressed up as an IT nerd. Or him as an old man. He had a stupid limp that kept changing legs. I finally had to kick him, so he'd remember which leg was supposed to be the bad one."
Smiling, I glance back at the room where I know Troy is working. "Have you worked together a lot?"
"He's been my partner for years. We tried the lover thing, but he's a better friend than boyfriend material."
Minka's words are like a punch to the gut. I stare at my hands, feeling as if something important has been ripped from me.
I'm not dumb enough to think Troy is a virgin. Common sense tells me that plenty of beautiful women have shared his bed. Yet I don't want to see them. I also never want to imagine them to be like the confident and powerful Minka, who is everything I'm not.
"Why didn't it work out between you and Troy?" I ask, deciding to throw salt on my wound.
Minka frowns, having moved to another subject and seeming confused about how we got back to her old fuck buddy.
"What works on paper doesn't work in reality," she says. When I only stare at her, she sighs. "We lacked passion. Maybe other people can love without passion, but I want to crave the man I'm with. I need the crazy heat I had when I fell in love as a teenager. Sure, that was all hormones, but I still want to fall in love with a man. Not just hook up with my best friend because we're bored. I'm selfish that way."
"Did you find someone else?"
"Not yet. Troy was happy to be bored. He has very low standards in life. I wanted more, and I won't settle. However, if he and I are still single at sixty, I'll give him another shot."
I smile slightly. "Sixty, huh?"
"Not worth settling before then."
I'd never been in love. Though I followed one boy around like a lovesick puppy all through high school. Was I about to do the same with Troy?
"He's a good man," Minka says, checking her phone. "He's a man, though. They come with a lot of baggage."
Smiling again, I wish I could be as casually confident as Minka. Even before Locke, I never got the hang of the attention my curvy body brought me. I hated public speaking or being the center of attention.
"Thank you," I babble.
Minka studies me. "Shelley will be here this evening. I think you should look into getting a more comfortable wardrobe. I've looked at the schedule she has planned for this month, and you're supposed to go to a party where sweats aren't acceptable attire. You need to find clothes where you're covered, but don't look like a cotton monster is eating you."
"I will."
"It's okay to be modest. Don't let anyone tell you differently," she says as her gaze lifts to a returning Troy. "You don't owe anyone anything."
Either Troy doesn't realize Minka is talking about him or doesn't care. His gaze focuses on me. I force a smile on my face because I want him to pay attention to me rather than the sexy woman a foot away. I don't care what Minka said about them being friends without passion. I still feel invisible in her presence. Troy sees me, and the part of me still alive under all the numbness never wants him to look away.
12
~~~
Troy
Temptation Takes Its Toll
Minka wants to meddle. She comes from a long line of women who play puppet master in other people's lives. Even only meeting her mother and aunts once, I learned quickly about their sneaky ways. While I approve of Minka's ability to manipulate things when she was working a job, Darla isn't part of the package.
"Go away," I tell her.
"No, you go away. I slept last night. You didn't. I'll run this shift."
We glare at each other until she grins.
"Don't be jealous of Darla," I say, killing her smile.
"Why would I be jealous?" she growls.
"I don't know. You've always been very delicate."
Smiling again, Minka rolls her eyes at me. "You might have a point about the timing of the shifts. I shouldn't leave you here at night when you might get ideas you can't control."
"I can be attracted to someone without doing anything about it."
"You couldn't with me."
Holding her gaze, I smirk. "We both know who made the first move there."
"Yes, but in my defense, the cable went out in the hotel room."
"Bombs will do that, Minka."
"She's like a little girl."
"No, she's a woman. She was a woman when Locke stole her, and she's a woman now. Babying Darla helps those around her but does nothing to help her."
"I'm not babying her. I'm treating her with respect. You just want to date her."
Shrugging, I take Minka by the arm. "If you respect her, trust that she can tell me to fuck off."
"You know she can't."
"Right, because Darla was real subtle about feeling uncomfortable around Manny and Saskia."
Minka wants to respond to my comment but has nothing. Meddling is in her bloodline, going back generations.
"Behave and I'll be back around six with Shelley. We'll have a girls' night."
Before Minka leaves, I hold her by both shoulders and stare into her dark eyes.
"Thank you for all your lectures today. No one pulls the know-it-all grandma routine like you."
Shaking away my hands, she frowns. "When we train next time, I'm hurting you a little more than usual. Prepare yourself for the reckoning, Frosty."
Once Minka is out the door and I've locked everything down, I return to the living room where a damp-haired Darla sits. I swear she must own a dozen pairs of the same gray sweats. She's showered twice so far today and returned in the same style clothes.
"What did you do before Locke?" I ask and startle Darla, who turns slowly to look at me.
I watch her movements and study the expression on her face. If this were a movie, I'd think she believed a killer was in the house, and I was the prime suspect. After a moment of staring at me in horror, Darla relaxes.
"I read books," she says as if giving up a secret.
"What kind of books?"
"Nonfiction mainly. I liked learning about people in other parts of the world."
"Do you like traveling?" I ask, stepping around the kitchen island until Darla looks afraid. After taking a step backward back into the safe zone, I cross my arms. "I've been all over the world, and most of it is a shithole."
"In your line of work, maybe all the places you visited were shitholes. That doesn't mean everywhere is."
Grinning, I inch closer. When she doesn't panic, I re-cross my arms. "You're an idealist. I like that."
Darla only watches me. I know she's working hard to get the words out.
"You and Minka dated."
"She told you that, huh?" I ask, grumpy now. "What else did she say?"
"You were clingy."
Frowning, I'm ready to call Minka and bitch at her for lying. Something about Darla's expression tells me that she's the one telling lies.
"What else?" I push.
"She found you wearing her shoes once."
"I don't know about the clingy thing," I say, joining her on the couch, "but the shoes thing is a hundred percent true."
Even smiling, Darla scoots away from me a little. "Was that part of your assignment to wear her shoes?"
"No, but I did once dress up as a nun."
Smiling wider, Darla shakes her head. "I don't believe you."
"It's true. I wasn't very convincing, though. That's how I met Minka. She had the same target and made me. I made her too. No way would an old woman have such clear eyes."
"Is your job fun?"
"My old job and my new job aren't quite the same. I used to target people. Now I protect them when they're targeted."
"Which do you like better?"
"I've only been doing this job for a few days. We set-up shop a few months ago and did mainly lame jobs since then. You're my first real deal client. How am I doing?"
Darla doesn't answer with words. Her gaze runs from my hand to my forearm along my bicep to my throat where it lingers. Finally, Darla studies my face and nods.
"Are you trying to seduce me?" I whisper, raising an eyebrow.
The courage in Darla's expression falters, and she begins to breathe too quickly. I force my gaze to the TV where she's watching a travel show.
"I like the snow," I say, changing the subject. "I couldn't live in cold weather without growing to hate it. Still, as a kid and even later, I loved vacationing in the mountains."
"Do you ski?"
Returning my focus to her now calm face, I nod. "I'm pretty damn great at it too. I could teach lessons."
Darla smiles. "I'm good too. My grandfather was an instructor."
"Once I kill Locke, and you're safe, what do you think about us finding out who is the better skier?"
While Darla and I stare at each other, I see her working through the possibility of being free of Locke. What can she accomplish without the weight of fear holding her down?
"Okay," she whispers, and I struggle not to kiss her.
Her lips are begging for attention, but I force myself to stand up and walk to the kitchen.
"I'm restless. The apartment gym is empty. Let's go work out."
"I don't like exercise," she says, shuffling past me to the kitchen cabinet where she finds a bag of licorice. "I'm trying to gain weight."
"Bulk up with muscle," I suggest, stepping closer.
"No. I think jiggly will be a good look for me."
"Because you think gaining weight will make you less attractive to men like Locke?"
Darla gives me an odd look, and I suspect she's wondering if I'll want her less if she puts on twenty, fifty, or hundred pounds.
"You should keep in mind," I say, leaning forward, "how curvy women hook up too."
"I know."
"Locke suffers from a perverse vision of women, but most men don't," I murmur before stepping even closer. "I certainly don't."
Darla stares me directly in the eyes, nearly challenging me with her gaze. "Then you won't think less of me for skipping your workout idea."
Taking her challenge, I smile slyly. "Fine, but I'm restless. Let me work out while you enjoy the view. How's that sound?"
Darla shows me a little more of the woman she was before Locke. Sharing my smile, she bites into a piece of licorice.
"Fine, you exercise, and I'll eat."
"Let's go before you change your mind."
Darla hesitates when I open the front door and enter the hallway. I have my phone and gun at the ready.
"I can see down the hallway," I tell her. "The elevator and fourth-floor hallway are clear. The gym is empty. No one is getting the drop on us."
Even with my gun visible and seeing the view on the phone, Darla moves at a snail's pace to the elevator. Once we're inside, she looks ready to cry. I step in front of her and peek over my shoulder.
"If we need to run, make sure not to drop your licorice."
Darla stares at me horrified, blinks a few times, and then frowns. "I want a gun."
"Sure, that'll be our fun for tomorrow."
Darla tenses when the elevator dings, and the door opens. I already know the hallway is clear because of the cameras we set up illegally all over the apartment and streets around the building.
Once we're in the gym, I close the shades and shove a machine in front of the door to ensure no one can enter. Darla settles on the seat of an exercise bike and pulls out a piece of licorice.
"Can I watch TV?" she asks, eyeing the flat screen on the wall.
Stretching, I grunt in mock indignation. "Don't you want to watch me work out? I promise to give you a show."
Expecting her to shrink away, I'm startled when Darla tosses a piece of licorice at me. I snatch the candy an inch from my face. Her eyes light up in reaction to my quick reflexes. I give her a wink and toss the licorice in the nearby trash.
Feeling frisky, Darla throws another one at me. This shot goes wide, but I reach out and catch it. Smirking, I toss this one in the trash too.
I open my mouth to tease her for teasing me. Darla surprises me by throwing a handful of licorice. I grab a few but most hit me in the face and chest.
Darla does something I never hoped to see on our excursion today. Her smile widens before she lets out a raspy laugh. The sound stirs something hot and needy inside me. Something I've never felt with any other woman, not even Minka at her very best. This new feeling becomes immediately addictive, and I crave to hear her laugh again. In fact, I want much more.
"Stop distracting me," I murmur, settling onto the weight machine.
"Then I want the TV."
For the next twenty minutes, I work with the weights while Darla watches TV. I catch her peeking at me. She peeks a lot actually until she finally just focuses on me.
"Will you really get me a gun?"
"Sure," I say, lifting the weights. "I'll train you too."
"I used a rifle as a kid. I was pretty bad at it."
"Didn't have me as your instructor."
"We'll see."
"Are you sure you don't want to exercise?"
Darla frowns. "If God wanted me to work out, He'd have given me smaller boobs."
Her words sound casual as if she's said them plenty of times over her life. Yet Darla stiffens at the mention of her boobs. I give her a grin, which forces her to look away. She's feeling awkward now and focuses on the TV. Darla doesn't speak while I keep working out. The silence follows us out of the gym and into the elevator.
I don't know what comes over me. Or maybe I do, but I don't want to believe I'm driven simply by lust. I only know I block Darla as soon as we're in the apartment.
Staring up at me, she isn't afraid. Not yet anyway.
"I'm a good guy," I whisper, staring at her lips. "But you're making me feel like a selfish motherfucker."
Darla's expression shifts immediately, and I nearly expect her to scream.
"I'm not making you do anything," she growls instead.
Stepping back, I frown at her frowning at me. We stare at each other for a moment before I laugh.
"I'm a good influence on you," I say, shaking off all of my need. "Look at how you put me in my place. Yep, I have a way of bringing out the best in people."
Darla doesn't move from the door while I walk into the kitchen. I feel her watching me before I hear her slinking from the front hall to the hallway near her bedroom. I expect her to flee, but she only watches me and waits for my next move.
I hate to disappoint her, but even I don't know what the hell I'm doing anymore.
13
~~~
Darla
Breaking through the Darkness
Troy fascinates me. I want to know everything about him, yet I don't really want to share everything with him. Why can't I be a new person with no past? This question provides a glimpse into my messed up head.
For all those months with Locke, I struggled to remain Darla. Slowly, I lost the battle. The electric shock punishments made remembering hard enough physically. Mentally, I began to give up. Forgot Shelley and my grandparents. Forgot my personal tastes. Darla Birmingham was erased until I actually believed I was a dead woman named Rose.
Locke made me stand nude in front of the mirror for hours. If I looked away, I suffered punishment. I stared until I saw only what he wanted me to see. Yet now I have a chance to be Darla again and regain all I lost. What do I want instead?
To erase Darla again, so I'll be worthy of a man I've known for two days. I don't need therapy to understand how fucked up I am.
Troy won't change for me. Of course, I see nothing in him that I want to change. Every single blond hair looks perfect. His smile is infectious, making me smile more than I've been able to with my sister and her kids. I loved my family enough to run that day in the store. They brought me back, yet Troy is the one drawing me out of the darkness.
"Minka is right," Shelley says after Troy's gone, and I can only count the hours until he returns. "You should spice up your wardrobe."
"Okay."
"We can check online."
I nod at my sister who remains upbeat despite my silence. Her unending peppiness makes me think of Troy's story about his sister-in-law always smiling. I wish I could smile no matter what. I bet my life would be happier if I could pretend so well.
"What's wrong?" Shelley asks, reaching for my hand.
Instinctually pulling it away, I stand too quickly and knock over my chair. Minka sweeps in, lifts the chair back into place, and keeps on walking out of the room. My skittishness doesn't bother her in the least. Shelley though seems worried. Maybe even afraid.
"What do you need?" she asks.
"I don't know."
"Are you panicking? Should I get your meds?"
Shaking my head, I pull my sleeves lower and hide my hands. "I don't know what I am. Sometimes, I want to hide in the darkness forever, so I don't need to think about what happened. My skin feels weird. Everything feels too loud. I'm off with everything."
Even knowing I don't make any sense, I wait for her to say something to calm me.
"Do you not like it here? Vern can find another place."
"It's nothing about that. Or anything money can fix either. It's me. I'm not normal anymore."
Shelley sighs. "Darla, you were never normal."
"How do you figure?"
"You acted shy even though you weren't. You loved to read and study, but sucked at school. When we modeled at boat and car shows, you were the only girl who complained about smiling so much. Not the outfits covering almost nothing or the leering from old men. No, you didn't like pretending to be in a good mood. That was weird to me."
"Fine, I'm weird then."
"Don't sulk."
Crossing my arms, I do sulk a little. "I don't think I'm weird."
"Most people wouldn't think you're weird since it's not obvious stuff."
Sighing, I walk into the living room, glance around to make sure Minka isn't in earshot, and sit down on the couch. Shelley follows me with a look of bated excitement. I think she expects gossip, and I don't disappoint.
"I like Troy."
"He's the blond one, right?"
"Yes."
"I only met him briefly. The guy at our house is Cuban. He talks to the kids in Spanish. I feel left out."
"Learn Spanish then."
"You could learn with me."
Nodding, I imagine having goals again like learning a new language, finding a new hobby, and brushing my hair every day. 
"Tell me about Troy," she says when I remain silent.
"He's beautiful and funny. He teases me but not in gross ways." I pause to check if Minka is coming down the hall. "He has a million unexplainable qualities that I'm obsessed with, even though they're all likely related to lust. Except I don't feel lust. I don't look at him and get aroused. I just like looking at him."
"No harm in looking."
"I think he might like me, but I can't figure out why."
"He's a man, and you're hot."
"I'm a mess."
"A hot mess."
Smiling, I lean against the back of the couch while taking Shelley's hand. "I want him to want me, but I can't do anything if he does want me."
"It's only been a short time. Give yourself a break."
"I was giving myself a break," I mutter, wanting to hide in bed under the covers. "Troy makes me impatient."
"He's one guy."
Frowning, I let go of her hand. Shelley shares my frown and retakes my hand.
"Don't give me that look," she scolds.
"I'm tense, and you're making me edgy."
"I'm trying to help."
"I know, but you're not."
"Clearly, you just want to bitch. So bitch away."
Closing my eyes, I see Troy watching me. I'm never sure what he's thinking, but I've always sucked at reading people. The first time I saw Locke after he removed the blindfold, I believed he might help me. I'm too easily fooled by a smile or soft glance.
Even after all those months under his thumb, I didn't know Locke any better than I did the first day. He was crazy and cruel. Otherwise, the monster remained a mystery.
Is Troy any easier to read? I want his gaze on me to mean something special. I hope his smile indicates he's a good man. His mood in the elevator might promise a desire beyond nailing the weak woman he's paid to protect. Everything I imagine could easily be the fantasies of a desperate mind and a broken heart.
Life was easy before Locke. After I ran from him, I stumble along waiting for him to claim and punish me. Troy offers me the perfect fantasy of an unbearably sexy man who will kill my tormentor and heal my soul.
Fantasy or not, I want to believe. I crave the lies even more than the darkness I'd embraced for weeks. Except without the darkness, I see the lies for what they truly are. Troy is just a man. I am just his client. Even if he somehow finds me attractive under all these sweats, his interest will last only as long as the job does. I can't be fixed, not by Troy or the therapist or a million tiny pills.
I refuse to be Rose, but I can't be the old Darla anymore either.
14
~~~
Darla
Reality Destroys My Sweet Lies
Shelley puts up with my bad mood for as long as she can before ditching me for her happy home. She's a good sister to make the effort. I often wonder if I'd be capable of her strength if the roles were reversed. Had Locke stolen her rather than me from the cruise, would I have raised her children for those months she went missing? Could I have supported Vern? Shelley remained strong while still living her life without me. I doubt I'd have handled myself with such dignity. I suspect my days would have involved much more crying and moping.
After Shelley leaves, I remain in the living room with Minka. She doesn't speak much. I sense she knows I'm in a bad mood and chooses to give me space. Minka's smart that way.
I take a sleeping pill around nine to ensure my bad mood doesn't last all night. Thirty minutes later, my eyes close and remain shut. Twice, I wake up to use the bathroom. Both times, I look into the living room to find Minka. She's alert enough to notice my quiet presence. Our gazes meet each time before I return to bed. Minka makes me feel safe but does nothing to improve my mood.
After returning to bed at four, I dream of Troy. Our naked bodies move easily together. My fingers explore his chest. His fingers explore mine. Everything is hot but not frenzied. I'm comfortable in the dream. Wanting more, I take more. His lips seek my flesh, so I give him my flesh. His cock doesn't steal from me but brings us both pleasure. Sex in the dream goes on and on, perfect the way it's never been in real life. Not with my only two lovers and certainly not with Locke's sick needs.
Waking up, I can't reach the shower fast enough. My sweaty skin crawls with the memories of the too vivid dream. I scrub away the feel of Troy from my body, leaving my skin red and tender. Rather than feel better, I sit in the shower and sob.
I felt warm and safe in the dream with Troy, so why did I scrub away his touch? Now I'm numb and empty again. How is this better than being scared and overwhelmed?
Having heard the shower, Minka checks on me. I tell her I'm fine. Even a stupid person could tell I was lying, and Minka isn't stupid. She asks if I want to call my sister. I sob no. She asks if I want my pills. Again, I decline. I want something I can't have, but Minka won't understand.
I'm in the shower for an hour or more. Skin puckered, I stumble out eventually and find a pair of sweats to keep me warm in the cold apartment. The bed reminds me of my dream, so I crawl into the corner chair and try to think of a time before Locke and Troy.
Nothing calms me. I'm not the girl from my faded memories. The very fact that they're faded reminds me of why so much of my past is lost. Locke ruined my mind with his electric shock and drugs. Maybe those memories will return. More likely, they're gone forever.
The past leaves me heartbroken. The present makes me miserable. The future feels impossible. The only option is to take a tranquilizer until I'm so lost in the darkness that nothing else matters.
"Miss me?" Troy says, entering the room like a beacon of light in the anesthetized darkness of my mind.
Without thinking, I jump out of the chair and plaster myself against him. Troy wraps his arms quickly around me and caresses my hair.
"I'll take that as a yes," he whispers.
"I'm sorry."
"For what?"
Unable to tell Troy that I regret washing away the feel of him, I mumble, "I can't explain."
"I don't really need you to."
Resting my head against his chest, I listen to his heart beating fast. My panic eases away, but I know this feeling won't last.
The clawing sensation is already rising inside me. Locke made me hate being touched. The madman's soft touch deceived the suffering I knew was around the corner. Nothing was safe. Not when I slept, not when I ate, not even when I did everything right. At any moment, his mood might shift, and I was at his mercy.
Locke isn't the man holding me, but my body only remembers the lies. I crave distance from Troy. At first, his touch feels electric and is surprisingly gentle for a man his size. The comfort only lasts maybe a minute before I'm overcome with the terror Locke infected me with. Despite the distance my mind and body crave, I plan to hold onto Troy as tightly as I can.
15
~~~
Troy
Never Explain Your Heart
I'm a man lost in heat. There's no other way to explain how Darla's on my mind the moment I doze off and still there when I wake up hours later. Sleeping and eating feel burdensome. I only want to return to the apartment and see Darla smile again.
In the elevator on my way upstairs, I get a text from Rafael. "Are you compromised?"
"Explain?" I type back.
"Are you emotionally compromised with the client?"
"Fuck off," I text back.
Rafael gives me a "LOL" and drops the subject. When Minka opens the door to the apartment, I show her my phone.
"Have you been gossiping?"
"No. I said nothing to no one. I'm loyal. I promise. Don't be mad."
Rolling my eyes at her feigned fear, I shove my phone back into my pocket.
"Saskia then."
"More likely Manny. Those married men are always digging around in other people's business."
"Fine. My fist will take it up with his face."
"I heard he's a biter, so be aware you might not get all your fingers back."
Smirking, I follow her into the security room. 
"We might have a lurker," Minka says, typing on the laptop. "I noticed him when he was tying his shoes in front of the building. When I ran a scan with his features, I found four similar men have passed the building in the last 24 hours. He's staking out the place. I don't know if he's after Darla, but I called Rafael. He'll put a tail on the guy next time he comes around."
I stare at the bearded man's face frozen on the screen. He might be a simple criminal, looking to a score at any of the upscale apartments in the building. He could be an ex-boyfriend stalking a tenant. He could be many things, but I feel in my bones that he's hunting Darla.
"She's supposed to go to therapy today," Minka continues, "but I don't know if she'll leave her room at this rate."
"What's the problem?"
"She was grumpy last night. Tense about every noise. She woke up after I checked on her at six. She was in the shower for a long time. She's out now but even edgier than last night. If I had to guess, you've been a bad influence on her."
Patting her head, I smile. "You're so cute when you're insecure."
Minka glares at me, but I know she's tired and ready to head home for a nap.
"Go," I tell her.
"What if she freaks when she sees you? I should stick around just in case."
"Do what you need to do, Minka, but I have this handled."
"Sao Paulo handled or Giza handled?"
"Sao Paulo."
Minka says nothing while I make my way down the hallway. I step into Darla's bedroom and spot her curled up in the chair. Her face is hidden behind wet hair, so I don't know what to expect. She surprises me by jumping up and running to me. Her embrace isn't romantic. She's in a panic and needs me. Somehow, Darla wanting comfort is sexier than any flirting in the world.
Holding her for a long time, I feel her struggling to remain calm. My brain says to let her go before she panics. My brain isn't in charge, though, so I hold her against me with one arm. My free hand caresses her wet blonde hair.
Darla stares up at me, wanting to say something. When she doesn't, I focus on the crinkled skin between her furrowed brows. Without thinking of consequences, I lean down and kiss the spot.
Her reaction is slow moving, and I nearly see her brain working out the problem. Once she panics, though, Darla jerks away and runs to the bathroom. Again, I don't think before I follow. I find her scrubbing at the skin where I kissed.
"He kissed me there," she mutters, clawing at the spot with her nails.
I take her hands in mine and force her to face me. "I'm not Locke, and you're not Rose. That's what he called you, right?"
Nodding, she looks to the mirror, still obsessed with the spot I kissed.
"One day soon," I whisper, letting go of her hands and watching her struggle not to touch the offending spot, "Locke will be dead. I don't know if he'll end up in the ground or cremated. I just know he'll be dead, and you won't."
Darla focuses on me, and I realize she likes imagining Locke dead. The last time I mentioned his death, she didn't seem relieved by the conversation. Now her eyes light up.
"How do you think he'll die?" she asks, crossing her arms so her hands will behave and not return to the spot I know she's still obsessing over.
"I suspect he'll end up with a shot to the head. Easiest way to kill a protected man is to get nowhere near him. I'd like to shoot him in the throat personally. Let him know for a minute how he's about to die before the end comes."
Darla sighs. "I don't know how to behave appropriately."
"Screw appropriate," I say softly. "I'm not behaving appropriately. Even knowing how upset you got from a peck on the forehead, I have an incredible urge to kiss you right now. I'm also very curious about what you're hiding under these sweats. Do you think it was appropriate for me to tell you any of that?"
Darla holds my gaze, and I don't know what's going through her head. She's an open book one minute and then a puzzle the next.
"Don't kiss me," she finally says.
"Ever?"
Darla gives me a little smile, saying nothing.
"I don't like rules," I say when she remains silent. "It's why I left the Navy. I'm not my dad or brother. I can't bow down to another man's rules. You shouldn't bow down either, no matter what Locke trained you to do."
"It's not easy. I'm all jumbled up in here," she says, tapping her head.
I take her hand and hold it gently. Darla wants to pull it away but doesn't.
"You will figure it out on your schedule. Don't let anyone pressure you. Not even me."
Darla smiles again. I like how her blue eyes lose their panic. Now she's studying my face as if I hold the secrets to her happiness.
"Do you plan to go to therapy today?"
"No. I feel too exposed to deal with her judgment."
"Is she a bitch?" I ask, leading her from the bathroom.
"No, but I don't feel comfortable during the sessions. Mostly, I feel like I need to lie to her."
I don't stop walking when I reach her bedroom door. My fingers latch onto the excess material on her sweat top and tug her out of the room. Darla hesitates at the doorway and again at the kitchen. She's doing her rabbit routine.
"I can't cook," I say, relieved Minka isn't around to spook Darla. "I only know how to make one thing, and I'll make that right now for you."
Darla settles into a chair at the kitchen table. Her eyes dart around the room, noticing the open shades. She next studies the front door while I keep talking.
"My mom taught me to make an omelet," I continue, leaning into the refrigerator. "Any vegetables you don't like?"
Darla remains silent and isn't paying attention when I glance back at her.
"I'll take that as a no."
"We have onions and tomatoes. I'll add lots of cheese."
Cutting the vegetables, I sense Darla moving and find her next to me.
"Are you still going to teach me to use a gun?"
"Yes, but not today."
"Where will you teach me? Is it loud there?"
"There's a shooting range at our office. It'll be the safest place for you to learn. The range isn't loud but shooting a weapon is."
"Okay."
I study her worried blue eyes and fight the urge to kiss her. Darla needs comfort, and I want to give it to her. Nothing makes sense in her head anymore. I realize how lost Darla is when she looks surprised to find me cooking.
"My mom taught me how to make omelets," I say again.
Darla smiles slightly, looking over the food. "I love omelets."
"Do you like lots of cheese?"
Her smile makes my chest hurt. More than anything, her happiness gives me a powerful urge to hunt down Locke and end his miserable life. The sooner that he's dead, the sooner Darla will smile like this for me again.
16
~~~
Troy
Solving the Puzzle
Darla makes sexy little moans of approval while eating the omelet. I could listen to her all day, but she goes silent after washing her plate. I watch her move soundless around the apartment and wish I could talk to her without worrying about my every word. I'm mentally bitching about my ridiculous problem when Darla retrieves a puzzle from a bag Shelley brought over the day before.
"I like puzzles," she says when I stare at her too long. "We worked on them every Sunday when I was growing up. I had to stop when Shelley had kids since they stole pieces and tried to eat them. Her cat still does."
Leaning against the couch near where she's sitting crossed legged on the floor, I watch her turn the hundreds of pieces face up. I have no interest in helping her put together a kittens frolicking in the grass puzzle. Instead, I watch her, admiring her every frazzled hair. I enjoy the way her lips break into a pout when she's confused about two puzzle pieces linking. I especially like the way she smiles when she matches up large sections.
Ten minutes after she begins, my phone purrs with the soft sounds of Sade. I spot Darla smiling at my ring tone. Minka thinks I'm a fool for having it, but I get the distinct impression Darla's view of me just improved.
"What's up, Habanero?"
"The lurker made another pass-by of the apartment. Rafael tagged the guy and shadowed him for only a few blocks before being made. This guy was a pro to pick out a car following him in so much traffic. He still panicked and took off through an intersection trying to ditch Rafael. Now he has the cops on his ass. The local stations are covering the chase."
I change the TV station from relaxing music to a news station. I see a helicopter view of a black Mercedes two car lengths from a line of perusing cops. Darla glances at the TV, but quickly loses interest and returns to her puzzle.
Studying her relaxed expression, I need to make things right for Darla. Kill whoever needs killing. Burn the world down to give her a rebirth. She can't understand why I'd want her while I don't understand why I shouldn't.
"What do you need me to do?" I ask Minka.
"You can switch off and join us at home base or play house with the client."
As much as I itch to get downtown and see what happens if this guy is caught, Darla needs me to stay with her. No one else will do. This fact gives me a sense of pride and possession. Darla exists in a world where only a very few people own a key. I'm one of them, and I'm not leaving.
"I'm staying here. I'll follow the news, and you can keep me informed if you ID the guy. Locke is finding these people somewhere."
"Saskia found the beauty supply chat room where Zivkovic and Locke connected. It's gone silent since Zivkovic was capped. We're looking to contact a few people who work the circles Locke might go for help. If he does, they'll tip us, and we can track down Locke."
I feel Darla's gaze on me. She hides behind messy hair as soon as I look at her.
"I need to go, but keep me updated," I say, hanging up.
Darla isn't even pretending to work on her puzzle. She's heard Locke's name and is rummaging around in her head full of bad memories.
"This guy was scoping out the apartment," I explain, pointing to the TV where the car barely dodges a van while speeding on a highway. "When he spotted one of our guys following him, he did this shit. The cops will handle him now. Once he's in custody or dead, we'll get his ID and track down his info. Locke tightens the noose around his neck every time he sends one of these fuckers."
Darla stares at me, and I try to piece together what her expression might mean. Taking a stab in the dark, I sit on the arm of the couch and sigh.
"I've met evil people in my life. Not bad people but truly evil people. Bad people can change. They can find God or fall in love or get hurt and have an awakening. They can change, even if they'll never wash away the blood on their hands. Men like Locke aren't bad, though. He's evil. His entire world looks different from the world we see. His excuses make sense to him in a way they'll never make sense to us."
Darla crosses her arms, thinking of the man who stole her physically and still holds her mentally.
"Locke needs to be destroyed much like we put down rabid dogs. He can't control himself. He breathes and bleeds evil. It's all he can do. The only way to protect the world is to end him. Now because you ran and he's on our radar, Locke will be destroyed. Had you stayed, he would have ruined lives in a million little ways you never knew about."
"I'm a big hero."
"I sense sarcasm in your comment."
Darla frowns, sulking even. I tap her knee with my foot.
"I'm not a shrink, and I don't talk about feelings. I do know life isn't fair and thinking otherwise is childish. We all need to grow up and realize evil exists, bad things happen, and good people get fucked. Once you accept these facts, you can face evil and beat it back. Otherwise, you're living in a fantasy."
"Fantasies aren't so bad."
"No, they aren't," I murmur, thinking about my fantasies about this sexy lost woman sitting a foot from me.
Darla nods as if she buys into my words, but I feel her struggling again. Setting aside her puzzle, she watches a man on TV endangering lives after he took a job to end hers. He hadn't planned to kill her, but returning her to Locke would lead to a similarly horrible outcome.
17
~~~
Darla
Who Am I?
The car chase lasts for nearly thirty minutes before the driver is pinned between traffic and the police. He tries to flee on foot, even with dozens of cops on the scene and helicopters flying over. When he can't escape, bullets fly.
Along with everyone else, I watch this man die live on TV. I wonder if Locke is watching too. Does he know another one of his hired goons is heading to the morgue?
What should make me happy instead sends me into a panic. I'm trapped in this apartment, waiting for the next killer to make his move. Troy, Minka, and the others might die while trying to protect me. My sister lives in fear because of me. Once again, I wonder if running from Mister Pain was the most selfish act I ever committed.
The urge to cry rises in me. I stand up from the floor, but Troy blocks my escape.
"Where are you going?" he asks, frowning at me.
I squirm around him, ending up on the couch. Troy doesn't relent, his size shading me.
"I need to go to my room."
"Why?"
"I'm tired."
"You don't look tired."
Panicking, I want to push past him. I don't, of course. He's too big, and I'm too scared.
"I need to take my pill to calm my nerves," I say, hoping Troy isn't angry. The minute his jaw twitches, I know he's angry.
Troy takes my hand and slides our fingers along the scar at his throat.
"Three years ago, I nearly died the day I got the scar. Afterward, I lost my edge. Kept having flashbacks and getting paranoid. To deal with it, I started drinking. Whenever I sobered up, I felt like shit again, so I stayed drunk. Seemed like a good solution except I was never getting over anything as long as I lived in a stupor. It wasn't easy, but I dried up and faced all the bullshit running around in my head."
Troy lets go of my hand.
"It won't be easy for you either but taking a pill every time you feel bad means you'll never win against those bad feelings. Now I can let you dull the pain, but I don't want to. I want you to stay here and face it. Call me a selfish bastard, but I need you to get stronger so I can kiss you. I have all these hungry cravings for you, and I need you to be strong enough for them. I think maybe you want to be strong enough for them too, but it won't happen as long as you use those pills as a crutch."
"I'm afraid."
"Of what?"
"I feel like I need to cry."
"Then cry."
"I want to cry in my room."
"No. You'll take your pill and crash for most of the day."
"I can't cry here."
"Why? I mean, I don't want to see you cry, but I'd rather listen to you suffer for a short time than know you're putting off all that pain for later."
"Locke didn't let me cry. It was against the rules."
"He's not here. If he were, I'd kill him, and you'd still be able to cry."
"Please," I whimper.
Troy walks to the chair and sits down with the remote. "I won't force you to stay in here, but we both know what you should do.
The choices stun me into a confused stupor. I can't decide what to do. What I want versus what Troy wants. Soon, I have no choice since the tears burn my eyes and wet my cheeks.
Pulling my shirt over my head, I hide while choking on my sobs. I just want things to be the way they were before Locke stole me from the cruise. We'd been swimming that day, and John learned to doggy paddle. Shelley and I tried oysters for the first time. We were enjoying life and then it was all gone.
Now, what am I? I've become a pathetic loser afraid of her own shadow. The old Darla wasn't much of a flirt, but she had a shot with a man like Troy. Here I am, crying in my shirt. He's never seen me with my hair brushed or wearing something less than three sizes too big.
Yet he still wants to kiss me.
I peek out of my shirt and see him watching the chase's aftermath. Troy is tense in the most passive way. He hides his feelings well, but I notice his teeth clenched. I notice his hands flexed to avoid becoming fists. Troy wants to remain calm, but he wants to kill Locke more.
If Locke hadn't taken me, I wouldn't be sitting on this couch several feet away from Troy, who, for whatever crazy reason, wants to kiss me.
Shelley once said the biggest problem with men meeting us through our modeling was the belief we always looked that good.
"Will they still want us when we have the flu? Is their love one bad hair day from ending?" she'd say.
Troy has only known me during bad hair days. He's never seen me at my best, but he still wanted to kiss me.
Standing up, I shuffle to the bathroom and wash my face until much of the redness is gone. I stare into the mirror and try not to see Rose. Troy doesn't want Rose. Even though he can have a woman like Minka, he wants me.
18
~~~
Troy
Tears Tearing Me Apart
My first girlfriend didn't cry. She hated tears and punched her little sister whenever she cried. I knew she was crazy when I saw her brutalize her younger sibling. Dumping her the next day, I also ratted her out to her Navy father. Even as a teenager, I was certain my way was never wrong.
Minka only cried once during the entire time I've known her. After knee surgery, she worried she'd never walk again. A groggy Minka sobbed about losing the ability to kick ass. Of course, she healed up and kicked plenty of asses afterward. That day, though, she wept like a baby, and I felt awkward as hell.
I feel the same way when Darla sobs feet away from me. Should I leave her alone? Should I hold her? Should I call for help? Should I give her the damn pill that'll numb her to all the pain she's feeling?
I leave her to cry, but her sobs tear me apart. She's miserable. Minutes earlier, I played the big man keeping her from doing what she wanted. Am I any better than Locke?
Fuck yeah, I am better. I still feel like a bastard while she cries herself out. Staring hard at the TV, I wonder where she's going after the tears end. She disappears into the hall bathroom and then later walks to her bedroom. I assume Darla will remain hidden away for a few hours. Maybe she'll even take the pill.
To my surprise, she returns to the living room and sits back down on the floor with her puzzle. Her face is dry and only a bit pink around the eyes. I also notice her hair is shiny.
"What did you do with your hair?" I ask like a dope.
"Brushed it."
Darla and I stare at each other. She's pretending to be casual, but I can't help assuming she brushed it for me. Without thinking, I run my hand through my hair. If she's going to look pretty for me, I might as well do the same for her.
Even when Darla lowers her gaze to the puzzle, I sense she's focused on me. I don't even pretend I'm not focused on her. I was so certain she'd be gone from my sight for the rest of the day that I can't look away.
Darla glances at the TV. "If the guy from today is dead, does that mean you can't track down Locke?"
"Once the cops run his fingerprints, we'll get the info too. He might not be in the system, but we'll get his picture and see about running down his ID that way. It's impossible to remain invisible anymore."
"Does that mean people can find you?"
"Of course. I hid well, but there are cameras everywhere."
"Do you worry?"
"No. What's the point? I was careful when I was working, and I'm careful now. I'm not going to piss myself over a million maybes."
"Tough guy," she whispers, grinning behind her hair.
Smiling at her, I move from the chair to the couch. Darla notices my proximity and grins a bit more. A few minutes pass while I watch Darla fumbling with her puzzle pieces. She wants to look at me but refuses to give into the urge.
I lean forward and stare harder at her. Darla ignores me for another minute before finally laughing. I laugh too.
"I like your hair," I say, tapping the table.
"Stop staring at me."
"No."
Darla narrows her eyes. "Don't you work for me?"
"Yes. I guess you could fire me."
Her smile grows. "What if I did?"
"Oh, I'd still find a way to stare. You have all these windows, and I own a lot of rifles with scopes. I could get comfy on a nearby building and watch you with your puzzles."
Darla's smile fades as she looks at the windows. "Can someone be watching us now?"
"No. We set up security cameras on those buildings."
"Is that legal?"
"Who cares?"
"So wouldn't the rest of the team know you were on the building watching me after I fired you?" she asks, her gaze focused on me now.
"Yes, but I think they'd understand. I'm very popular with the crew."
Darla shakes her head and works on her puzzle again. I return to watching her. When she pushes up her sleeves, I notice before she does. I'd never thought a woman's forearms could be so damn sexy, but I take in the sight of her pale flesh. My fingers caress the seam of my jeans the way I wish I could touch her skin. I notice a small scar on the top of her hand and wonder if Locke caused it. The thin line looks old enough to be a childhood injury, though.
Darla realizes her forearms are uncovered. I see uncertainty pass across her face. Mentally, I count the seconds until she covers herself.
Her gaze meets mine, and I realize she's trying to figure out if I've noticed.
"How could I not notice?" I ask, smirking. "You are such a vixen with those bare forearms."
Darla reaches for one sleeve, hesitates, and then leaves it alone. I don't need to know the details of her time with Locke to understand she's showing courage by revealing even an inch of her body to me. I watch her while she ignores me. Exhausted from her tears, Darla only wants to focus on the puzzle. I'll give her space... for now.
19
~~~
Darla
Reclaiming What Was Stolen
Locke tore away all my confidence. He stole me for my beauty and then made me feel ugly. My every flaw remarked on, I hated myself as much as I hated him. Locke especially obsessed over the scar on my hand.
"A flaw on my flawless Rose," he often said, needing me cleansed as if enough punishment might remove the blemish from my skin.
Studying the scar, I remember cutting myself as a kid while playing with Shelley. The wound was so minor, only scarring after I failed to clean it properly. I'd been too busy playing to care about hygiene. A decade later, I desperately wished I'd taken the time to wash it off and apply Neosporin.
Of course, if Locke hadn't punished me for the scar, he'd find another reason I needed cleansing. Deep inside, he hated the real Rose and all those fake ones who came afterward.
"Tell me about Locke," Troy asks me after ordering our lunch.
"Why?" I ask, my voice betraying my panic. "Never mind. My answer is no."
"The police report was vague about what you remembered specifically about him. I know his basic looks like pale, thin, and thinning blond hair. I assume he has a small dick too. That's great info, but I need to know more."
"I don't know more. He fried my brain with all his punishments."
"I know your memories are all jumbled up, but some details that feel like nothing might give me what I need to find and kill this fucker."
"No."
"You're safe here with me. He's the one with a short life expectancy. You can help me put that bullet in his face."
"No," I say weakly and sigh. "Fine. What exactly do you want to know?"
"Tell me where he kept you. Did you move around a lot or remain in one place?"
Leaning my head back on the couch, I close my eyes and let myself return to a place I so desperately want to forget.
"Most of my time was at his house. It was surrounded by walls and woods."
"Describe the woods. How tall were the trees? Did the trees lose their leaves in the colder weather?"
"It rained all the time. Even when it didn't rain, the air felt moist. The trees were always green. The garden was lush every time I was allowed outside."
"What style was the house? Was it one story or two?"
"Two. It was a modern style house. Nothing on the walls. No rugs on the ground. The staff had to remove their shoes before leaving the front hall. Locke didn't want dirt and noise in his home."
"How many people worked for him in the house?"
I let myself dig further into the darkness. "Mister Pain and Mister Punishment lived at the house. They were always around. Mistress Agony lived there too, and she was in charge of me. She also organized Locke's schedule. There was a maid who cooked my meals and told Locke when I didn't eat what I was given. As evil and creepy as Locke is, his employees worship him. I think he saved them from bad lives, and they view him as a sort of sick messiah. I don't know really, though. They didn't talk to me. They just bossed me around."
"Why were you in California when you escaped? Did you travel far to get there?"
"He was in Los Angeles for business, I think. I wasn't told. Mistress Agony gave me a spiked drink. I woke up in a different house. I didn't know I was in LA until I ran."
"Could you describe the house you were in?"
"Not really. It was big and sterile."
"Does Locke have pets?"
I open my eyes and frown. "He's a clean freak who doesn't allow anyone to wear cologne or perfume and makes everyone walk around in socks so they won't make noise. Do you really think he'd have a pet?"
Troy smirks. "You're very sexy when you get angry. Remember that when you want to get my engine revving in the future."
I narrow my eyes at him, but my hateful expression only makes him smile wider.
"Locke is hiding away in his hole, but we'll find and kill him. It's only a matter of time. I know the team is working leads, and I trust they want him dead. Despite that, I still want to find something to speed up the process."
Saying nothing, I close my eyes and instantly see Locke's face as clearly as if he was standing in front of me. I open my eyes. The real view is beautiful with Troy studying me. His eyes lack the smugness of a man with power over me. His blue eyes are soft yet hint at a hunger I can't feed.
"It's been a long day for you," he nearly whispers. "You deserve a reward."
"A bag of Hershey Kisses?"
Troy smiles. "Sure, but something even more special. I'm going to let you squeeze my guns."
Troy shows me his muscled biceps, and I realize he's serious about me squeezing them. Laughing despite my bad mood, I shake my head when he nudges my foot.
"You know you want to."
"I really don't."
Troy leans forward until his lips are only inches from mine. I stare into his eyes and think about kissing him. The gesture seems so easily. Just lean forward, press my lips against his, and let him do the rest. Except I feel Locke on my skin, and his voice echoes in my head. 
"Don't let that bastard keep you from enjoying all these muscles," Troy whispers.
Smiling slightly, I lift my hand. "Fine. Let me get a feel."
Troy flexes his bicep for me, and I run my fingers over the hard flesh. The heat radiating from his tanned skin surprises me.
"How long should I fondle you?" I whisper, avoiding his gaze.
"You've had a stressful day, so take your time."
Laughing, I finally meet his gaze. "You push me too hard."
"I need you to get healthy."
"What if I never do?"
"I don't believe in failure."
Removing my fingers from his arm, I set my hands on my lap. "I was never a strong person."
"I doubt you knew one way or another how strong you were. Most people live comfy lives where they're never tested. You've been tested and survived. Don't let Locke's bullshit distract you from the reality of what happened. He needed a staff of monsters to keep you caged, yet you freed yourself. You're stronger than he is, and you'll outlive him."
Time stops. Locke's voice disappears, and Troy's take its place. Locke's face fades, leaving only the handsome man inches from me. The past has no power, and the future is meaningless. I only know this moment with this man.
Troy wants to kiss me. I feel him closing the distance between us, yet he never moves. Our gazes locked together erase all the worries. No one can touch us right now.
The ringing of his phone startles me, but Troy ignores it at first. He doesn't want to let go of this moment. Yet I feel my confidence fading already. We're back in this apartment. The TV still replays the deadly highway scene from earlier. I remain Locke's captive, unable to leave my home without worry.
However, for a short refuge of time, Troy and I were free.
20
~~~
Darla
There's No Saying No
Troy says Minka is on her way upstairs. We stand near the door, waiting silently. After such a strange, yet exciting day, I don't know what to say. Our goodbye feels momentous, even though I'll see him in the morning.
"I'm glad you didn't take the pill today," Troy says, studying my face.
"I can't promise I won't take it tonight or tomorrow or any other day."
"I don't need a promise," he says, taking my hand. "I'm focused on today, not what happens next."
I smile until his thumb caresses the top of my hand. The heat from his touch infects me, awakening parts of my body that were numb until now. Before I can tug away my hand, Troy kisses the scar.
"Be good for Minka. She's jealous of how much more you like me than her."
Shivering, I step back when Minka knocks. Troy sighs, sounding tired. His gaze though isn't a bit sleepy. He looks ready to pounce, and I can barely keep myself from running to my room.
Minka enters the apartment, looks us over, and frowns.
"See you in the morning," Troy says to us, but his gaze remains on me.
"So long, Troy," Minka mutters, nearly shoving him out of the door. Once he's gone, she smiles at me. "I have fun news."
Wary after a long day, I say nothing. Minka walks into the security room, and I follow because I don't know what else to do.
"You saw the chase today," she murmurs while checking over all the camera angles. "Locke probably figures you'll hide away out of fear, so I talked with Shelley. We thought it would be a good time to take you out shopping. She knows a boutique where you can find better fitting clothes."
"Is it safe?" I ask, nervous suddenly.
"We'll sneak you out. Saskia is coming too. Just a bunch of girls out shopping. Two of us will be heavily armed girls but whatever."
I want to say no. Today was too stressful, and I only want to curl up on the couch and watch comedy reruns. Yet Minka proves a difficult woman to tell no.
"Look at it this way," she says, leaning against the counter, "even if tonight is awful and you hate every minute you're shopping, it's only one evening out of your life. I bet in a year or two, you won't even remember going."
I refuse to answer, hoping Minka will take the hint. Of course, my tactic doesn't work.
"Did you fix your hair?" she asks, tugging gently at the ends. "Looks nice. It's good for you to try new things."
Turning around, Minka walks into the living room and picks up an empty water bottle Troy left.
"Back when I was an independent contractor, I had short hair. A sharp little bob made it easier to wear wigs. Now that I'm doing less undercover work, I let my hair grow out. I like changing things up."
My silence again does nothing to dampen Minka's excitement. She only smiles at me until I look away.
Shelley texts me ten minutes later to say she's happy I want to go shopping. I consider texting back to say I really don't want to go, I had a hard day, and I want to sulk the rest of the evening. Sensing Minka will get me to go anyway; I only text back a smiling face to my happy sister.
Until the time comes to sneak downstairs, I listen to Daniela Andrade singing Smells like Teen Spirit on repeat. I wonder what Troy would think about the song. What kind of music does he enjoy?
My mind wandering, I find myself curious about what a date with Troy might be like. Where does he take his dates? What does he talk about? Does he kiss on the first date? Does he expect sex? I bet many women are willing to enjoy his hard body after a single date. Yeah, I'm fairly certain the old Darla would have put out too if given the chance. I wasn't easy, though, and I expected a few solid weeks of dating before I shared my body. With Troy, I'd likely make an exception.
The old Darla is thinking about his bicep when the new Darla follows Minka down to the garage. She's already checked out the area, deemed it clear, and is speaking to Saskia on her phone. All I need to do is avoid complaining.
Saskia pulls a dark sedan into the garage and comes to a stop in front of us. Shelley pops up from the backseat and waves excitedly at me. I slide in next to her while Minka studies the quiet parking garage.
"We're like spies," Shelley says, hugging me tightly.
"Aren't you scared?"
"No," she says and then whispers, "Saskia is scary, but she's on our side, so I feel safe."
Nodding, I say nothing while Minka joins us in the car. She glances back at us.
"You two play hide and seek back there until we're a few blocks out."
Shelley and I slide down as the car pulls out of the garage. My sister grins at me. I smile back, but I'm already worrying about what happens when the car stops. How many people will be at the store? Will they judge me? I look like a mess in my giant sweats, but I can ignore this fact when I'm at the apartment or with Shelley. Suddenly, I'm very aware of what a loser I've become.
"Where are we going exactly?" I ask once we can sit up normally.
"My neighbor is a designer who owns a cute boutique. She said she'd adjust any clothes you liked. Give you long sleeves or make a short skirt longer. She's aware you have bigger bazongas than a normal customer."
"Bazongas?" I ask, laughing. "Mature."
"Hey, most of the women in my neighborhood are stick figures. In the long run, they might be healthier than us. For now, they look like they need a Big Mac and some fries."
"Money has made you catty."
"I know, right?" she says, laughing now too. "Gossiping is addictive. I can't get enough of talking behind people's backs. In fact, I might need therapy if I keep this up."
Smiling, I still worry about walking into a boutique full of stylish women. Shelley takes my hand.
"Tiffany was sweet enough to close the boutique, so we'll have it to ourselves."
"I love you," I say, sighing with relief.
"I love you too. I know that car chase was weird and scary, but we have two badass women protecting us. Let's try to have fun."
Minka twists around in her seat. "Just in case we have issues, Rafael is following us. He'll keep watch outside while we're in the boutique."
Nodding, I stare out the window at the darkening evening. We pull the car to the back entrance of Tiffany's Teacup Boutique. Minka exits quickly and knocks on their door. Saskia is out of the car already, waiting for the clear. Once a beautiful black woman opens the door, we hurry inside the boutique.
Feeling overwhelmed, I go on autopilot. Shelley and Tiffany have me try on different clothes. They slowly transform me from a woman swallowed by giant sweats to something closer to the woman I was before Locke.
"She wants her arms covered," Shelley says at one point.
Thinking of Troy's comment about my forearms, I smile. "Just above my elbows."
By the time we leave the boutique, I'm exhausted and ready to sleep for twelve hours. Tomorrow, Troy will return, and I can't wait to see his reaction.
21
~~~
Troy
Dancing to My Own Song
I'm a natural loner. Even in school when I was popular, I'd rather sit away from the crowd. Clingy girlfriends weren't my thing. I liked being in my head. My dad said men capable of living in silence were mentally stronger than someone in need of companionship. Considering he remarried exactly a year after his beloved wife died, I always assumed this hurry back to the altar meant he was weak.
Minka was a great girlfriend. She liked silence too. I was the clingier one in the relationship, yet I never asked where she was going or with whom. We were perfect friends in that we never needed anything from each other to be happy.
As Minka tries to forget her life as a nomad, I feel something lacking in my new existence as an average man. Okay, not average since I still break laws when convenient. However, I'm paying taxes now, and I have my real name on a lease. Feels average to me.
I spend most of my off time alone. I often ride my bike or run around my neighborhood, scoping out vulnerable spots in people's security. I can't turn off the part of my brain that sees weaknesses in locations and people. I've been hunting people for too long to stop looking for targets.
Tonight when I walk to the local grocery store to pick up a few things, my mind isn't on searching for weaknesses. I'm thinking about Darla showing me her forearms. Something so small felt like a big deal when I know she wants to hide from the world. She trusts me, and I realize I trust her too. From my alcoholic mother to Minka's shifting needs, women make me edgy.
Darla's different. She appreciates the quiet. Working on a puzzle for hours doesn't bore her. She only wants to turn the chaos of hundreds of pieces into something beautiful. I wonder if she can do the same with herself.
As romantically deficient as I am, there's no way I can fix her. I don't know the right way to talk to her or how to remain aware of her boundaries. My mouth opens before I consider a million possible responses. I want to be closer to her, so I move closer. Minka warned me to be careful around Darla, but I can't help myself.
Back at my apartment, I sit with my feet up and a half-eaten bacon chicken hoagie on a plate next to me. The beer in my hand sweats from the lack of air in the apartment. After a day in Darla's cold place, I don't miss the air conditioning. I miss her, though.
I stare at the dark TV and wonder when I became so clingy. I'm still wondering when someone knocks on the door.
Checking the security camera hidden in the hallway, I see Rafael standing outside my door. He glances around, spots where he thinks the camera likely is and flips it off.
I open the door but block the entrance. "Why so much anger?" I ask, grinning.
"We need to talk."
"About your wife?"
Just as wide-shouldered as me but taller by an inch, Rafael's a big guy. I've faced bigger, though, and his frown doesn't intimidate me.
"Let me in, Troy."
"I've met your mom, Rafe. I'm fairly certain she raised you with better manners."
Rafael's dark eyes terrify many people. They might terrify me too if I thought he'd actually hurt me. The guy was always decent at his core, but since he got married, he's been downright cuddly.
"Please, get the fuck out of the way. Thank you very much, asshole."
"Mama would be proud," I say, waving him inside.
Rafael doesn't sit down after I lock the door. He stands at the window, eyeing the street below.
"Is this about Locke?" I ask, relaxing on the couch.
"I guess. I want to know if you're safe to be around Darla."
My temper burns in an instant, and I plan to revert to a schoolyard form of handling disagreements. While punching him until I win feels right, I choose to keep my face calm and hands relaxed.
"Safe how?"
"She's fragile."
"I sensed that about her, but until you mentioned something, I couldn't be sure."
Rafael rolls his eyes. "This is our first big job in security. You're not accustomed to playing house with our clients. Darla is beautiful, and she's gotten attached to you."
"Yes, she is and yes, she has."
"Can you be impartial?"
"Were you ever impartial during a job? Didn't you make things personal even when they weren't so that you could give a shit about eliminating a target?"
"Making things too personal can lead to sloppiness."
"Sure, but I'm not sloppy. Besides, that's not why you're really here. You know I can do the job, so what gives?"
Rafael finally sits down in the only chair in the room. He's not comfortable with his reason for being here. I wonder who sent him. Did Shelley or Vernon have concerns about poor Darla's crush on the nice killer?
"A woman like Darla needs a soft touch," Rafael says awkwardly. "Trust me that I know this for a fact."
"I can do soft," I say and then add with more intensity, "I am doing soft."
"You like her, Troy. Don't pretend otherwise."
Narrowing my eyes at him, I suspect Minka snitched after all.
"I'm not stepping away from this job so make your point."
"The shrink she was seeing. The male one told her sister that he felt Darla ran that day, not because she saw a chance to get away, but because she was suicidal and didn't care what happened. He claims she remains suicidal. This was one reason Shelley wanted the shrinks changed. She got pissed and said the guy was an idiot."
"He is."
"You can't know what's going on in Darla's head."
"I know more than he does. That guy with his degrees doesn't know what it's like to exist in the darkness of another person's fantasies. To have your life twisted and tortured to make another person laugh. If he understood, he'd know that Darla wasn't giving up the day she ran. She was fighting back."
"Darla isn't going to get better because a handsome man likes her."
"Hell, man, do you really think I'm handsome? Talk about a real ego booster."
Rafael and I laugh, but we remain on edge.
"She's messed up," I say after a few minutes, "but I'm not exactly an example of normal over here. We got rich with blood money and lived our lives worrying about ending up on the target end of a riflescope. Even now, can we really walk that shit off? You and Harlow are living the newlywed life and talking babies, but you know what you were. She came with baggage too. It's why you two work."
"And you think that's why you and Darla can work?"
"Sure, why the hell not? I've never found a type of woman that worked for me. Maybe that's because I never knew a woman like Darla existed."
"I've always felt fucked up people belong with other fucked up people."
"Darla isn't the woman hiding behind her hair and wearing those giant sweats. That shit is her shield. The real Darla is stronger. She just needs time to remember the world isn't the cage Locke trapped her in. Freedom is fucking scary after living in a prison. You understand that as much as I do."
In his youth, Rafael spent time locked in a Mexican prison. He'd been innocent of the charges, but the experience changed him from missionary to mercenary. I'd been a killer for years before I lost my freedom and nearly my life. Even so, the time under an evil man's thumb made me realize how short and often pointless life proved to be.
Now with Darla, I see a chance to take my dull retirement and turn it into a grand adventure. No way will I allow Rafael, and certainly not Locke, to interfere with my plans.
22
~~~
Darla
New Skin
Waking up around seven, I immediately wonder if Troy has switched with Minka yet. I hurry to the shower, clean up, and put on my new clothes. The night before, I decided what I wanted to wear for my first time not in sweats around Troy. I choose black tights and a long skirt with a high-collared white and yellow peasant top. I'm showing more skin than I've done since reuniting with Shelley
Soft and shiny, my hair is the final touch before I'm satisfied with my appearance. I walk out to the kitchen still unsure if Troy is at the apartment yet. For a moment, I see no one. Before I can panic, I assume my protection is in the bathroom or security room.
I take another step into the kitchen, seeing and hearing no one.
"There she is," Troy says, appearing from the security room. "And she's sexier than ever."
Blushing, I step back. "Good morning."
"You look happy today," he murmurs, flirting with me in such an obvious way that my cheeks grow hotter.
"I'm glad you're here."
Troy's smile widens. "Did you miss me last night?"
"Did you miss me?" I challenge, even while backing away.
"I spent a lot of time in a cold shower if that answers your question."
Laughing behind my hand, I look away from him before I turn beet red. Troy says nothing while I fill a bowl with mini muffins. He only watches me, and I pretend not to notice. Finally, his gaze proves too distracting.
Frowning at him, I mutter, "Why are you looking at me like that? They're only clothes."
"I don't care about what you're wearing," he says, inching closer. "I really did miss you last night."
The certainty in his voice pisses me off for some reason. "Are you teasing me? Is this because you know I like you?"
"I like you too."
"You're acting weird."
"No, not really. You're feeling insecure."
"You're making me feel that way."
"Why? Because I think you're beautiful? Or because you're overwhelmed by all the wild thoughts likely going on here," he says, tapping my head. "Or the mixed up feelings in here," he says, touching my chest for only a second. "Or how soon you'll struggle to stop thinking of me here," he finishes, glancing down between my legs.
I can't speak. Troy is being painfully forward. I'm both excited and horrified by his honesty.
"That sounds great, but can I have my breakfast first?" is my bright response once I regain my ability to speak.
Troy steps back and gives me a sly smile. "I have all the time in the world."
Turning away, I take my bowl and sit at the kitchen table. I casually eat my muffins while reading a message from Shelley on my phone. Even ignoring Troy, I feel him watching me. Whenever he looks away, I feel that too. His gaze on me feels better.
By the time I finish eating and return from brushing my teeth, Troy is sitting on the couch. The TV is off, and he isn't looking at his phone. Troy simply sits on the couch, waiting for me.
"What?" I ask when he only watches me with his heavenly blue eyes.
"Come over here and listen to my heartbeat."
"Why?"
"It'll relax you."
"I'm already relaxed."
"Fine, I want an excuse to have you in my arms."
I study him, unsure what to do. When I don't move, Troy smiles. "What's the holdup?"
"I have trouble making choices."
"Good news. I wasn't giving you a choice," Troy says, patting the spot next to him on the couch.
I narrow my eyes at him. "I want a choice."
"Fine. You can sit here," he says, patting the spot again," and listen to my heartbeat. Or you can sit here," he says, patting the spot on the other side of him, "and listen to my heartbeat."
Frowning, I decide to sit on the side closer to his heart. I also figure it's closer to the path back to my room if I want to make a quick getaway.
Troy sighs when I rest my head against his chest. His arm wraps gently around the back of me, keeping me snugly against him.
"You need to relax after a busy morning of looking so damn beautiful. I'm sure it took a lot out of you."
Grinning, I rest my hand on his chest. Troy's body is warmer than I expect. I always felt like Locke was a block of ice. Troy is the opposite in so many ways. I stare up at him and find him watching me in the most wonderful way.
Troy kisses my forehead. He's challenging me about what happened yesterday. I watch him while he kisses my left temple then my right. His lips are soft and seductive.
When his lips meet mine, I surprise myself by not panicking. The kiss is perfectly undemanding. I relax into his embrace, feeling like someone new. Not old Darla, not new Darla, and nothing like Rose.
My heart races and skin flushes. For the first time in as long as I can remember, my body welcomes pleasure. My skin longs to be touched. I crave his desire.
Troy's tongue doesn't demand entry. My lips open for him willingly, yet quickly fear overwhelms me.
"No," I say, shoving him away and sitting up to catch my breath.
Troy says nothing. I expect him to get angry and leave the couch. He simply waits. His patience is seductive in its silence.
Hiding my face in my hands, I take a few deep breaths. I know Locke isn't here with me. He'll never get hold of me again. I choose to believe in my freedom.
I return my cheek to Troy's chest. His heart is beating faster now. He's tense, but his expression is relaxed. He hides his feelings like a pro. I smile at his mask, and he kisses my forehead quickly.
"Stealth kisses," he whispers. "I'll be too fast for you to get scared."
"Fast isn't always best," I tease, surprising myself.
"No, and when I get you spread out on a bed, I'll definitely take my time."
My eyes widen. "You have no filter."
"Trust me that I do. That was the cleaned up version of what I wanted to say."
Shrugging, I relax against him. "If you build it up too much in your head, you're bound to be disappointed."
"You might have that problem, darling Darla, but I know exactly what you will look like when I spread you out on the bed," he says, giving me a stealth kiss on my cheek. "Perfect."
"You're making me uncomfortable."
Studying me, Troy smiles wider. "Uncomfortable isn't the correct word for what you're feeling."
I close my eyes and deal with the hot blush across my cheeks. Troy laughs quietly at my embarrassment but says nothing more. Finally, I open my eyes.
"Any news on the dead guy from the crash?"
"Ah, changing the subject," he says, running his fingers lazily up my back. "In fact, we do have a name. The fucker was a relatively new shooter out of Toronto. His inexperience explains why he freaked after spotting Rafael on his tail. A real pro could have found a way to dump a tail in a busy city without gaining the attention of the cops."
"Can you link him back to Locke?" I ask, drumming my fingers on his chest.
"Don't make too much of what I'm about to say, but you're making me hard."
I balk at him, sending Troy into laughter.
"It's not funny."
"You're beautiful, and I'm smitten. Why wouldn't I get hard when you touch me?"
"Why tell me, though?"
"I'd figured you'd notice, and I didn't want you getting surprised by the growing lump in my pants."
Laughing now, I squirm away from his embrace, change my mind, and squirm closer.
"Men are pigs."
"If we left the hunt up to women, our species might die out."
"That's not true. I know lots of women who chase men."
"Sure, some do but not enough. Men must behave this way. Trust me. I crunched the numbers years ago."
I roll my eyes while my fingers return to drumming on his chest. "How do guys like the dead ones get connected with Locke? Minka said they're freelance killers."
"Plenty of ways. Saskia says Locke is finding people through the White Rabbit. Not directly, though, meaning he's not a real player."
"What is the White Rabbit?"
"The White Rabbit is a bit of a mystery. It's either a guy or maybe an entire organization that connects the super wealthy with top notch contractors. I got on their radar years ago, even before meeting Minka. The guys Locke hired aren't big shit enough to have direct contact with the White Rabbit. Locke isn't important enough either. Locke is meeting these turds through chat rooms created and organized by the White Rabbit."
"You say the guys Locke hired are lame, but the first one managed to kill a retired cop."
"No offense to your beloved brother-in-law but Vernon hired lame security the first time around. He underestimated the threats, as did his security. It's why one of them is dead, and the other is still in the hospital."
"Can you find Locke through the chat room?"
"That's the plan. We need to know where the chat rooms are, though. They open and close quickly. Codes are changed out often to make it harder for law enforcement to track," Troy says, pausing to kiss my lips.
Feeling bold, I give his lips a quick lick before losing my courage and hiding my face against his chest.
"You're a vixen," he murmurs. "So the plan to find Locke is for us to keep watch of the known chat rooms and look for jobs that might be related to you. We can contact him as a specialist and get details that could lead back to him."
"He's not going to tell you his address."
"No, but sometimes, people give up more info than they think especially when they're frustrated. You escaped his muscle. He hired an outside contractor who ended up dead. The second one ended up dead too. The more pressure he feels, the more likely he is to fuck up. Once he does, we'll find and kill him. Problem solved."
"Then you won't be here to protect me anymore."
Troy lifts my chin so he can press his lips against mine. The kiss is shorter than I'd like.
"This isn't a job for me. You know how you can tell?" Shaking my head, I stare hungrily at his lips. "All the kissing. I make it a policy not to kiss my clients."
"I'm special, huh?"
"More than you can know."
"Why?"
"Why does anyone fall for anyone else? Chemistry? Fate? I don't know why. I just know it in here," he says, tapping his gut.
Snuggling my cheek against his chest, I think about how I'm pretending to be normal. Just a girl with a guy she likes. As if we could do anything, be anything. Except I'm not normal. A good day without being stuck in the darkness doesn't mean I healed.
"You think too much," he says, turning on the TV. "When I worked a job, sometimes I sat alone in silence for hours. I learned the benefits and failures that come from over-thinking things. You should think less and react more."
"That sounds like bad advice."
"I know, but it's not. When you ran from Locke's muscle, you didn't think, did you? When the Serbian attacked your house, you didn't think. You just reacted. When you got the chance to slide up against all this sexy flesh, you didn't think either. You just grabbed on. Thinking is overrated."
"Sexy flesh," I whisper, trying not to laugh.
"I call it like I see it."
Taking all my strength not to chicken out, I caress his jaw and lift my lips. I want more kissing. I just don't think I want the stuff that comes afterward. Not yet anyway.
Soon, though, I can imagine our bodies pressed together like this except naked. When that day comes, I'm looking forward to more than a simple kiss.
23
~~~
Troy
Terrible with Temptation
Darla can only tolerate twenty minutes of affection before she squirms out of my embrace and ends up on the floor with a thump. Rather than look embarrassed, she crawls to the table and works on her puzzle. I watch her, silently enjoying the view.
When I kissed her, I expected the first taste to be the last. At least for today. Surprising me, Darla even got a little frisky. Her fingers teased my nipple, daring me to take things up a notch. Darla likely knew she was pushing things too far too fast, so she ended up on the floor. Now she glances at me with a shy smile.
"I'd help you with that, but I'm not a team player."
Darla grins at my comment, likely wanting to respond. She doesn't though.
My body in overdrive, I can't stop looking at her. I want to taste her again and feel her warm skin against mine. Darla isn't simply sexy. She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and she's nearly in my reach.
"Aren't you bored looking at me?"
"I once watched a rabbit sit in a patch of grass for two hours. Trust me that you're a hell of a lot prettier than the rabbit."
"Why would you watch a rabbit for that long?" she asks, leaning against the couch.
I like having her closer to me, even if only by few extra inches. Darla studies me while I admire her smile.
"I was locked in a prison cell," I finally say.
Darla's mouth falls open, and her eyes widen. "Where? Why?"
"In Columbia, a sadistic bastard named Renaldo got the jump on me. He had me for two weeks. Some of that time, I spent in a dark room. Other times, I was in a cage with a view of the grassy lawn with the bunny."
"How did you get away?" she whispers, inching closer.
"Minka came in guns blazing. I'd done the same for her before, and she really couldn't stand owing me."
Her gaze on my scar, Darla touches her throat absentmindedly.
"He did that," she asks.
"Yes, put a wire collar on me. Do you want to know how I handled a monster like him?"
Darla stares at me entranced. Finally, she nods.
"In movies, whenever the good guy is captured by the bad guy, he spits in the bad guy's face and claims he's going to make him pay. Looks good but submissive works better. Let the bad guy feel they're in control. He's more likely to put his guard down if you seem scared rather than defiant. Rage also takes a lot of energy. The opportunity to escape could come at any time, so it's smarter to remain calm and focused than spewing bravado."
"I had no bravado when Locke took me, but that's because I was scared. Not because I had a plan."
Shifting on the couch, I reach over and cup her cheek. "You were just living your life when a monster took you. I was doing bad things when bad things happened to me. It's not the same thing."
"Were you scared?"
I can't help grinning. "Of course. I'm not a machine. He fucked me up. Starved me. Locked me in the dark for days at a time. If I hadn't gotten free, he might have broken me."
"I liked being in the dark," she says before shutting down.
Knowing she's returned to a time where silence was her only weapon, I caress her lips with my thumb.
"You got out. No one came blazing in and saved you. You did it yourself. That's all that matters."
Darla stares at me, struggling between her memories with Locke and her desire to enjoy her freedom. She finally smiles and climbs onto the couch next to me.
"Do you like movies?" she asks.
"Sure, but I haven't seen many the last few years. Well, unless they were on standard cable."
"I like action films," she says, snuggling closer as I wrap my arm around her. "I haven't seen any in years. Not since Shelley started having babies. We just watched kid movies or rom-coms."
"I can send for a few action flicks when we get lunch. Everything is deliverable around here. If not, Saskia has nothing else to do than play errand girl."
"She's scary. I'm sure she's nice, but she's also scary."
"She doesn't smile when others expect it. People underestimate how much smiling helps in social situations. Saskia isn't one of those people. She knows she should smile at certain times but withholds it. Remember that when you think you're weird."
Smiling, Darla rests her head against me and relaxes in a new way. Maybe she was this calm before Locke, but I've never seen her look so peaceful.
Saskia drops off Thai takeout and two action films. I'm happy when she makes no effort to stay at the apartment and leaves as quickly as she arrived. Darla watches Saskia, saying nothing the entire time. The little Ukrainian really freaks her out.
"She's funny once you get to know her," I promise while we set out our food.
Darla only nods. "I was worried she'd stay."
"Want me to yourself, eh?"
Her expression tells me that my joking comment wasn't far off. The possessiveness in her gaze makes my skin warm with need. If Darla knew how badly I wanted her spread out on the bed in her room, she might not look so courageous.
After eating, we watch an action movie that came out years ago when I was working a lot on the African continent. Back then, Minka and I played the tourist role for so long that I was bored of being on vacation.
I wish I could tell Darla about that time in my life, but she isn't ready to hear about the blood on my hands. Killing Locke makes me a hero in Darla's eyes. Killing dozens of losers over my lifetime might make me a monster instead.
Besides, she doesn't need constant reminders of my past with Minka. I certainly plan to pretend Darla never dated, let alone slept with a man before we met. In my mind, she exists for me. Yet Darla won't understand how she makes me feel like Minka never could. Just as I can't understand why she trusts me when I lack the warmth a woman like her needs. We make sense despite logic.
The movie lasts for two hours. Darla spends part of the time next to me. Occasionally, her lips find mine. She also kisses the scar on my throat. Just as quickly as her affection begins, she shuts down and pulls away.
By the end of the movie, Darla's on the ground working on her puzzle. No matter where she moves, I watch her. No movie can tear away my attention. No thoughts interest me besides knowing more about her. How does she see the world? What does she dream about for her future? How can I get closer to her until I own everything about Darla Birmingham?
"Will you still teach me to shoot a gun?" she asks, hours later at dinner.
I frown at her question. Darla's been silent since the movie ended. Even when she picked her dinner from a takeout menu and ran her fingers over my bicep, she didn't speak. I don't mind her silence. In fact, quiet suits me, but I'm startled by the intensity of her voice when she asks about the gun.
"Yes."
"When?"
"When do you want to go to the office's shooting range?"
Darla's expression loses much of its certainty as if she had forgotten leaving the apartment was necessary.
"Tomorrow, I have therapy. I can't keep canceling. Shelley will worry."
"We can train whenever you want."
Studying me, Darla nods before lowering her gaze and ignoring me for the rest of our meal.
"Bored of me already?" I ask after washing the dishes.
Darla shakes her head and whispers, "I wish you wouldn't leave."
When her fingers reach out and graze my chest gently, I nearly don't feel it. My fingers grasp hers and hold them still against my heart.
"I'm sorry," she says, looking ready to cry. "I know you have a life outside this apartment and this job. I know, but..."
"You don't know, Darla. The minute I leave here, I disappear from your life like when a parent leaves a child at daycare."
Frowning, Darla tries to pull her hand away. I refuse to let her hand go.
"If you knew me, you'd know I spend every damn minute after I walk out that door wanting to get back here to see you. You'd know I hate leaving you. So don't apologize for wanting me to stay."
Darla relaxes her hand in mine. "I don't know you."
"No, you don't, and I don't know you either. Not yet, but that's normal. Everything else feels strange. The way we met and having me babysitting you each day. Those things don't matter. Nothing about my life is normal, so the way I found you shouldn't be normal either."
Darla thinks about my words, and I expect her to wonder why I can't be more eloquent. Women like fancy words. Not women like Minka, who views anything romantic as a con. Darla is a soft kind of woman, growing up with idealistic views of courtships. I'd seen plenty of women like her, and I know I don't have the right jargon to make her heart flutter.
Yet she smiles at me. "I don't know you, but I want to."
"Don't forget that."
Darla tries to tug her hand free, but I keep it pressed against my chest. She narrows her eyes, revealing a temper hiding under all the fear and confusion. I smile at her expression.
"I can't be on duty 24/7. It isn't safe, so here's what I'm thinking."
Realizing she can't free her hand, Darla gives up and lets it go limp. I smile triumphantly, causing her to roll her eyes.
"Tomorrow, I'll bring things for me to stay overnight. Even a man as talented as me needs to sleep, so Minka will be on duty at night while you and I goof around."
"Goof around?" she asks, eyes lighting up. "I don't know how much goofing around I can do."
"You have such a dirty mind," I tease. "I meant watching movies on the couch. Maybe munching on junk food. I guess we could fool around a little if you can't keep your hands off me."
Darla laughs behind her free hand. Her eyes study me for a long time before her guilt gets the better of her.
"You're giving up your free time to sleep here. Maybe you shouldn't."
"The twin sized bed in the spare room is like a resort to the shitholes I've slept in over the years."
"Well if nothing will change your mind," she says, bravely stepping close enough for me to wrap her in my arms. "I like knowing you're close. Not that Minka isn't cool, but she's not you."
"No, she's not, but don't tell her that. She's very insecure."
"I sensed that about her," Darla says, her lips curving into a smile against my chest. "Thank you for wanting me."
"You're welcome. It was a struggle, but I'm managing."
Just before I kiss her, I catch Darla giving me a dirty look. She tenses when my tongue finds her and then moans into my mouth. I need more from this woman. I want to taste her throat. I crave to explore what she hides under her clothes. I need to know her every curve until I've possessed it all.
Darla isn't ready for all my hunger, so I let her go. Slowly, I release her from my arms and step back. Darla stares at me with an expression filled with both heat and horror. Even craving more, she fears how much more I can take.
For now, we stand apart and enjoy the warm arousal our bodies feel. This hint of pleasure is all we'll know until Locke is dead, and I can truly claim Darla for my own.
24
~~~
Darla
Bad Dream
My sleeping pills give me vivid dreams. I battle dinosaurs and monkeys. I'm often trapped in a restaurant filled with crying babies. My most reoccurring dream involves skiing in boots and panties but no pants. I always have my best day on the slopes and proclaim the lack of pants was my secret.
Tonight, I dream about Troy. Stalking him around a convenience store, I'm afraid he'll see me. In the dream, he's in love with Minka, and they're having an affair. Or at least, that's my theory until Troy corners me in the beer section.
"You're under my skin," he growls. "No one makes me feel this way. No one."
Intimidated by his anger, I say nothing. His fingers dig into my arms as he shakes me.
"No one," he says with more force.
"I want to keep you."
Troy's rage-filled eyes soften, as does his grip on my arms. I think he might say he wants to keep me too. Before the dream can turn warm and happy, Locke is the one gripping my arms.
"See what you did?" he demands.
I try to free myself, but Locke's will is unbreakable. He always wins. Running away has only prolonged the inevitable.
"Look at what you've done!" he hollers.
Blood is splattered everywhere, and I see Troy sprawled dead on the ground. Butchered too, Shelley and her babies are dead not far from his body. The legacy of my choice to run is the death of those I love.
I don't wake with a start. Instead, I dig my way out of the dream. Even partially awake, I feel Locke's fingers digging into my flesh. I smell his peppery soap in my nostrils. I hear his hateful voice echoing in my mind.
Finally awake, I crawl from the bed and stumble to the bathroom where I wash my face until the dream fades. I dress in a hurry and head out to the kitchen to see if Troy is here already.
Minka stands in the kitchen when I appear. She shows no reaction until I glance around.
"Want coffee?" she asks.
"Is Troy here yet?"
"He showed up in the middle of the night," she explains, smiling behind her coffee cup. "Said he couldn't sleep, so he moved his crap over. He crashed in the spare room. Do you want me to wake him up? I really love sticking his hand in cold water and seeing what happens."
Still sleepy, I only stare at Minka before finally finding my voice. "I was worried about him."
"You're sweet. Should I wake him?"
"No," I mumble, pouring myself coffee. "Did you have a nice night?"
"It was quiet. No one's prowling around outside. Locke is scrambling to find someone who can get to you, but he isn't getting many takers. Contractors like making money without ending up dead. We're selfish that way."
I sit at the kitchen table and blow on the black coffee. "I'm visiting Doctor Parker today."
"Troy will go. I'm sure a few other members of the team will too. The best time to grab you will be in the open. We'll make sure Locke doesn't succeed. No worries, okay?"
"Okay."
When I fall silent for too long, Minka strokes my hair. "Bad dream?"
"Yes. How did you know?"
"You look like the bad dream followed you."
I stare up at her as she continues to stroke my hair. Minka's beauty sometimes intimidates me. Yet her strength comforts, so I lean into her caress. The dream does linger in my thoughts. Remembering Troy's lifeless eyes, I rub my arms where Locke held me. The monster remains in my life despite my big escape. A part of me suspects my freedom is an illusion, and all I've done is put others in danger.
"I've killed many bad men," Minka says gently. "From the average criminal to the vilest freaks, I took their lives for money and never made it personal. I'm trying to do the same with Locke but spending time with you has made my feelings complicated. Either way, I can say in my professional experience that he will be a corpse when this job is done. Nothing less will do."
"What if his people kill you or Troy?"
"That's not your job to worry about. You take care of yourself. Get healthy so that you can enjoy Locke's eventual death."
Nodding, I sip my coffee while trying to wipe away the stain from my dream. Locke will lose, I tell myself. He will die, and I will live. I'm free, and he will never have another Rose.
With a bad case of bed head, Troy stumbles into the kitchen. He blinks a few times before frowning. I think he suspects Minka might be meddling in his love life. Her devious grin likely doesn't help matters. Yet when his gaze falls on me, he loses the frown and gives me a sleepy smile. Troy is what I have to lose, but he's also why I'll fight my way out of the darkness.
25
~~~
Troy
Driving Me to Distraction
Rafael calls around nine am to warn me about a possible threat. The trip to the shrink is now a four-man job. Minka offers to make it five, but she's been up all night, and Rafael wants everyone sharp. When I suggest we call off the trip, Rafael just says no. He doesn't have to explain. The professional in me knows Darla can't hide in the apartment forever. The killer in me also knows Locke will send his men into the building if there's no chance to grab her outside.
We need to catch one of these guys to get information. My heart refuses to put Darla in danger, but my head is currently running the show.
Darla trusts me. Even when she notices Rafael and Manny pull into the garage, she doesn't panic. Yet she knows something is up. Her gaze finding me, she waits for reassurance. I give her a small smile and a nod. Nothing more, not in front of the others. Nonetheless, these small gestures are all Darla needs to be calmed.
Saskia opens the back door of the small black SUV. "There's a blanket. You should cover yourself and lean down in the seat. Stay hidden."
"Why cover myself?" Darla asks with her gaze on me.
Always the charmer, Saskia answers, "In case the windows shatter from gunfire."
Darla frowns, looking at me for reassurance. I gesture for her get into the SUV, and she obeys. Trusting me means she'll follow our rules and play it safe. If I fail her, though, I have no one to blame except the man in the mirror.
"I'll be the lead car," Rafael says, standing next to the SUV while Darla gets comfortable. "Manny will bring up the rear."
"Do you know something concrete?"
"One of Saskia's buddies from Bosnia accepted the job from Locke. Locke's lackey Mister Punishment is talking with the contact. We haven't gotten anything on Locke's location, but the lackey indicated there's another player already in Houston."
"How do we know her buddy is telling the truth or won't take the job?"
"Would you want to piss off Saskia?"
I glance at the little redhead with her cold eyes. "No, I guess not." Shutting the car door so Darla can't hear our conversation, I step closer to Rafael. "Are we using her as bait?"
"No."
"You're lying."
Rafael gives me his nice guy smile. "If it were my woman, I'd think the same damn thing as you, but hiding doesn't work. They'll find a way in. We could send her into hiding, but eventually, Locke would find her. Or he'd go after her sister to find out where she is. The guy is sick in the head and won't give up. This way we control the situation in our town at our pace."
"So how is this going to go down?"
"You have a small SUV to get around traffic easier. We have the big ones to draw his attention."
"If it's a him."
"True but we know it's a single contractor. We also know the job is still to extract Darla from us and return her to Locke. With four of us out today, no decent contractor will make a move. We don't need him to. We just need to spot him, tag his info, and track him down."
I glance at Darla in the backseat, hiding under a blanket. "If we get in over our head, you need to be willing to bring in the cops. Nothing happens to Darla."
"Tia will be online with us the entire time. If we need help, we'll get the cops involved. I'd rather we get our hands on the guy and squeeze him for info."
Rafael walks to his lead car while I start the SUV. Saskia sits next to me with a weapon in her hand. I lean into the backseat and caress Darla's head under the blanket.
Following Rafael out of the parking garage with Manny close behind me, I focus on the road while my partner looks for anyone tailing us. The shrink's office is twenty minutes through downtown, leaving a lot of time and distance for someone to cause trouble.
We drive for ten minutes before Manny radios that we have a tail. Saskia surveys the cars around us. I stay focused on the traffic while my hand reaches back to pat Darla's shaking leg.
"We're halfway there," I tell her.
Darla says nothing, but I think I hear her crying.
"The black car," Saskia says, glancing out the back window. "The driver keeps looking at Manny's vehicle."
"Two cars back, I see him."
"Let him tail or lose him?"
I study the burly man barely fitting in the compact sedan he's driving. "It's likely a rental. Can we get the plates?"
Saskia radios Manny. Before she gets the answer, the black compact makes a move around a slower car until the contractor is crisscross from us.
"He's spotted us," Saskia says.
"He won't make a move here."
"Are you sure? He isn't tailing us anymore. He's nearly on top of us now."
"Fucking amateurs. How can I know what a wannabe badass will do when he probably doesn't know himself?"
"I'd lose him," Saskia mutters, messing with her weapon while pressing Darla's head down. "If he moves on us, we could get pinned in. Even outnumbering him, we put our client at risk."
Saskia hits the right button by mentioning Darla's safety. I look for space on my left then switch on my right turn signal.
"Tell Rafael and Manny to handle the fucker. We're bailing on the shrink," I say before adding in a softer tone, "Hold on, Darla."
When the light turns green, I rev the SUV enough to get past the car at my left. The asshole tries to correct his path to follow us, but the traffic doesn't move enough for him to make the turn. Manny and Rafael will deal with the contractor. My only concern is keeping Darla safe.
"Manny says the guy made a left at the next light. Outrunning him won't work."
"I know."
"You need to find a place to hide the car."
"I know."
"Then do it."
Shooting an angry frown at Saskia, I dodge traffic and make turns the contractor won't expect.
"Damn one-way streets," I growl.
"Find a parking lot."
Saskia is dying to take control of the wheel. I ignore her and search for the contractor in the rearview mirror. I don't know how close he is to catching up. Stuck on another one-way street, I pull into the first parking lot accessible without a pass.
The Houston Downtown Aquarium covered parking garage allows us to remain unseen by anyone passing by on the road. I find a spot near large SUVs and turn off the engine.
"We're off the street," Saskia says into her phone. "You follow him. We'll keep our heads down."
"Where is he?" I ask.
"He's stuck on the one-way streets like us. He's on his way this direction."
"Should we worry?"
"Worrying is for amateurs, Troy," she mutters. "Manny says they're passing by now."
I look out the car window, but large concrete walls block the street view. If I can't see out, the asshole can't see in.
"They've passed," she says, leaving the SUV.
I hurry out of my seat and pull open the backdoor. Darla's shaking widely under the blanket and flinches when I touch her.
"Hey, it's me," I say, pulling back the blanket. "Are you okay?"
Darla sobs behind her hands, muffling the sound. She stares at me in terror but scoots over so I can sit next to her. Nearby, Saskia keeps an out for trouble.
"We lost him," I promise, wrapping her in my arms. "You're safe."
Her shaking lessens, and the crying slows. She looks at me in the strangest way.
"What?" I ask when she says nothing.
"Last night, I dreamed you died. I thought it was coming true. I don't want anyone dying to protect me especially not you."
"We're safe. Rafael and Manny are chasing the fucker down. Locke won't hurt you, and he won't hurt me."
"He won't hurt me either," Saskia says, suddenly at the open door. "What is our plan?"
"I don't feel comfortable going to the therapist's now," I say, and Darla nods in relief.
"We don't really know how many contractors are in Houston. Going back to the apartment is what they'd expect."
"The cops will want to ask a lot of questions. Darla isn't ready for being interviewed."
"Neither am I," Saskia mutters. "I don't like cops."
"They don't like you either, darling."
Darla grins at my comment, but her body still shakes against mine.
"Why don't we stay at the aquarium?" I suggest. "It's open and looks pretty empty since it's a school day. Besides, no contractor will expect to find us here. We can relax while the team chases down leads and deals with cops."
I study Darla. "Want to look at fish?"
Her expression says no, but she remains silent.
"I like bears," Saskia announces.
"It's an aquarium, so I'm thinking no bears."
"I still like them."
"Is that a Russian thing?"
"I'm not Russian," she hisses.
"I'm from Virginia, Saskia. All Eastern Europeans sound the same to me."
"And all fat headed Americans sound the same to me."
We glare at each other until she gives up and smiles. "I have disguises in the trunk."
Saskia walks to the back of the SUV while I convince Darla to give my plan a chance.
"I want to go home," she whispers.
"We can. Or we can go to the aquarium. This place has a restaurant. I know that because a neighbor tried to get me to take her daughter on a date there. She said it's romantic. This could be our first real date."
"With Saskia," she mumbles.
"She doesn't talk much. We'll ignore her. Just think of us walking around and holding hands like normal people. A nice seafood lunch and learning about fish. The sign says there are sharks. Come on, who doesn't want to look at sharks?"
Darla's eyes warm. "I do like fish. Sharks too. Most of all, I'd like to hold your hand."
"Life is weird, Darla. We can't control what happens from day to day, so we ought to enjoy anything good that comes along. This asshole today tried to steal you away from me. Instead, we find ourselves at a fun place where we can pretend to be two normal people."
"Pretend."
"Only until we can make it real."
Darla studies the mostly empty parking lot. "It's not very busy."
"No, so it should be quiet."
"I heard they have a Ferris wheel."
Grinning, I take her hand and help her from the SUV. Saskia is still at the trunk, looking through her bag.
"I have hats, wigs, sunglasses," Saskia says to me before looking at Darla. "I can give you a fake nose."
Darla says nothing while I grab a ball cap and pull it over my hair. She takes a similar cap and shoves her hair into the back hole to make a ponytail. Saskia looks at us and sighs.
"Not much of a disguise."
"Feel free to use the fake nose," I tell her.
Saskia glares at me, but I know she's considering whether to disguise herself. This job is tame compared to her normal gigs, and I suspect she's bored.
For the first time since retiring into this security job, I'm excited to be in Houston. Darla holds my hand as we explore the small aquarium. Her eyes light up during the Ferris wheel, and we take in the view of the highway and parts of downtown.
"I moved to Houston to be with Shelley," Darla says as we walk past the parrots' attraction.
"I moved here because Minka wanted to. She was my partner, and I was too lazy to work alone. I'll be honest that I hoped she'd get bored, and we'd leave, but now I'm ready to send her a gift basket for going soft."
My fingers tracing her face, Darla smiles at me. She's not truly relaxed, though. I catch her eyes darting at any noise. Her body tenses whenever anyone approaches. Darla isn't afraid of an attack as much as she fears being out in the open.
Keeping her close, I pretend we're on a date. Saskia keeps her distance, never forgetting we're working. I trust her to keep an eye out for threats while I enjoy my first date with Darla.
Despite enjoying our time together, I understand deep in my gut about Darla's anxiety. My promises give her little solace when she's being hunted. Unlike her, I embrace the easy promises because Darla proves to be a light that won't let me look away.
26
~~~
Darla
Simply Surviving
Hiding under a ball cap, I don't feel very disguised. In fact, the woman at the stingray feeding station definitely recognizes me. I look to Troy for reassurance, but he isn't concerned with the aquarium employees. He's on the lookout for possible threats.
I'm so tense about being in the open that nothing we look at interests me. I think to buy my niece and nephew something from the gift shop but spending their father's money feels weird. In the apartment, I don't worry about bills or the money. Here in the light of day, I realize I can't support myself. If Vern cut me off tomorrow, how long before Locke reclaimed me.
Troy doesn't relax until we're at the aquarium restaurant. Saskia sits at another table, closer to the huge fish tank. My focus is on the front door and the passing employees when Troy kisses my neck.
"Stealth kiss," he whispers, nuzzling my throat.
His earlier tension still infects me. "I like it here, but maybe we can go back to the apartment after lunch."
Troy loses his smile. "You're in that apartment 24/7. Why not enjoy being away from it for a few hours?"
"I feel safe there."
"Do you feel safe? Or has Locke just put you in another cage?"
Frowning, I move away from him. "I don't know what kind of cage you were in those weeks, but my cage wasn't anything like the apartment."
"I know, but..."
"Shut up," I grunt, scooting out of the booth. "You're pissing me off."
Troy grabs my wrist and keeps me from leaving.
"Running away isn't the answer."
"Stop telling me what to fucking do," I mutter, glaring at his hand on my wrist. "Let me go."
His expression hard, Troy doesn't release my wrist. I yank twice before his hand finally loosens enough for me to break free.
"You're stronger than this scared child routine," he grumbles.
"Yeah, I'm strong enough to tell you to fuck off."
I storm away from the table and make a shaky beeline to the bathroom. Crying before I get into the stall, I'm both pissed and hurt. Troy is too pushy while I'm too weak. He disappoints me as much as I disappoint myself.
My tears continue until I hear the door open and footsteps approach.
Knocking on the door, Saskia asks, "Are you decent?" 
"I want to be left alone," I mumble, wiping my face with the toilet paper.
"Yes, I'm sure you do, but we're in a public place. There is no privacy here."
I open the door and frown at her. Saskia's expression is unreadable.
"Did Troy send you?"
"He is not my employer, Darla. No one is. Not even you."
Frowning, I walk past her and wash my face. "He's not my employer either."
"If you don't like him, I can tell Rafael to assign another person to watch over you."
Sighing, I stare at the blotchy face in the mirror. "I don't want to talk about it."
"I'm not asking to talk."
I sigh again. "Sorry."
Saskia checks her appearance in the mirror and wipes off a smudge of eyeliner.
"If Troy is harassing you, I have rope in the SUV to keep him out of your hair."
Smiling slightly, I shake my head. "He's not harassing me but thanks. I just wish I met him when I was stronger. The timing sucks."
Saskia gives me what I suspect is her attempt at a warm expression. "Life won't give you the right timing. I know this for a fact."
When I study her, Saskia shrugs. "My bad timing was a sweet German student. He treated me like his little pearl, but my career had taken off, and I needed to travel. Playing house with a handsome boy wasn't in the cards. We were so young that I didn't think time was an obstacle."
Saskia washes her hands and uses her damp hands to press down the wild strands on her otherwise sleek hair.
"He died in a motorbike accident while I was working. I often wish I had taken the summer to spend with him. Of course, there was no way to know how little time we had left."
"I'm sorry."
Trapped in a painful memory, Saskia stares at her hands for nearly a minute. "I've moved past that time, but I figured maybe my mistake might help you with your current situation."
I open my mouth to thank her, but Saskia is already moving to the door.
"Finish your meal. Wasting expensive food is a sin."
Nodding, I follow her into the hallway where Troy waits. Saskia keeps walking while I cross my arms and frown at him.
"If you're sick of being in the apartment, take a few days off," I tell him.
"No, but thanks for the option," he says, gesturing for me to return to the table.
"You work for me."
"Yes, ma'am."
Fighting a grin at his tone, I sit far away from him at the table.
"I only want to stay at the aquarium another hour, and then we leave."
"Yes, ma'am," he says, grinning as if he's won.
"I might need a break from your smug smile."
"No, ma'am."
"You're not funny."
"How come you're smiling then?" he asks, digging into his fish platter.
Poking at my food, I shrug. "The apartment makes me feel safe. I don't care if you think that makes me weak."
Troy scoots closer. "I don't think that makes you weak. I just wanted to pretend we were having a great first date."
"It's not really a date when it starts with a car chase."
A smiling Troy slides closer. "True, we'll need a real date where we aren't looking over our shoulders. I'll be real charming on the date too. Sweep you off your feet until you're begging me to stop with all the charm."
Grinning wider, I can't stop myself from leaning against him. "I know you want things from me, but I might not be able to give them to you."
"That's not the problem," he says, pressing his lips against my temple. "I'm used to controlling a problem like this one. When I need to eliminate a problem, I eliminate it. I should be hunting down the guy from today, but I can't leave you. Whenever I'm away from you, I get a pain in my chest."
His need terrifying me, I ease away from Troy. "I'm not ready for all this."
"You underestimate yourself."
"I'm scared," I whisper.
"Of what?"
"Everything. Being with you. Having you away from me. Locke finding me. What happens when he's gone, and I can live my life?"
"Fear doesn't have to be a bad thing. You can turn the feeling into power by facing your fears."
"You sound like a self-help book."
"I know, but I need you to get healthy."
"So you can fuck me?" I mutter.
Troy studies me, hiding his thoughts until I'm nervous. Is he angry? Have I pushed him into thinking I'm not worth the trouble?
"You make me feel, Darla," he says in a low and almost menacing voice. "You make me need in a way I hate, but I can't let go. Once you're healthy, I'll never have to let go. Fucking is just one of the many benefits of having you. One of many, many benefits so get your head out of the gutter, young lady."
I narrow my eyes at him yet can't help laughing. "Young lady."
"You're young and a lady, live with it."
Smiling, I look around the restaurant at the few other patrons. Even without being on display, I fear the open space around me. Anyone could be watching us and planning to attack. Yet Troy doesn't seem bothered. Saskia isn't concerned either.
"What if someone came in here with a gun?" I whisper to Troy, who is still working on his food.
"I'd shoot him, even though he'd already be dead from Saskia's shot. She's a showoff, you know?"
I don't smile at his joke. "If you died because of me, I wouldn't want to live."
Troy sets aside his fork and cups my face. "But you would live. Life might kick you around, but you just keep going. Some people can't, but you have something strong inside you. Something sexy too."
"What if I can never give you what you want?"
"I'll grow old waiting. I was planning on growing old anyway, so it won't be a big deal."
Grinning despite my uneasiness, I can't deny the power of his magnetic smile. I don't want to finish my food, surprising even me. I lean against Troy while he finishes his lunch. My gaze on the large tank at the center of the restaurant, I watch the fish swimming in a circle. Do they know they're trapped and at the mercy of their captors? Often with Locke, I forgot he was my tormentor. I only wanted to please him so that I might avoid the pain for a little bit longer. Every day was a struggle to survive the waking hours.
Even free, I still only focus on simply surviving.
27
~~~
Troy
Foolish Beast
The drive from the aquarium back to the apartment is a tense one. Even knowing the contractor from earlier isn't on our tail, I worry about Locke's ability to bring more people into the picture. How many has he hired? They won't all make mistakes like the one from today. Zivkovic likely hunted his target for days, studying weaknesses and waiting for the best time to attack. He took care of the two retired cops, but the panic room is what did him in. Without it, I'd never know Darla, and Locke would have his Rose back.
Two detectives are waiting for us at the apartment. We insist they talk with Darla in a small conference room on the main level. The two detectives don't look happy to take orders. The Hispanic woman talks with Saskia and me. I think she's uncomfortable around Darla. The male detective doesn't have that problem.
Standing too closely, he speaks to Darla in a soft voice. Despite his gentle tone, her gaze remains on the floor. Occasionally, she shakes her head. I don't know why he needs to ask her questions when we made clear she didn't see anything.
"Next time something like this happens, we ask you avoid going into hiding without alerting the police to your whereabouts first," Detective Perez tells me.
"No," Saskia answers. "Are we done?"
Perez and Saskia have a girl-on-girl stare contest. I ignore them while watching Darla. The detective still speaks to her in a soft voice, and she finally looks at him. A weird moment passes between them, and I nearly pull my gun.
Saskia pats my hand reaching for the weapon. I frown at her, but she only frowns back. Perez has lost interest in the both of us and lack of answers.
I walk across the room and stand between Detective Playboy and Darla.
"You're done."
"I have a few more questions," he says, focusing on Darla.
I shield her from his sight. "No, you're done. Any other questions will go through her lawyer."
The detective stares at me in a pathetic attempt to intimidate. Cops are never scary because they have rules while I don't. The lawless are inherently stronger.
"We're done here," I repeat, taking Darla by the arm and lifting her up from the chair.
Darla mumbles something, and I'm unsure if she's talking to me or the detective. Either way, she allows me to guide her out of the conference room and to the elevator where Saskia holds the door open.
Once in the elevator, Darla cowers in the corner away from us. She's spiraling again, clutching to the drug induced darkness she believes she needs to survive. I struggle against the urge to reach out and keep her squarely in the present with me. Saskia stands very obviously between Darla and me, forcing us apart.
We exit the elevator, and Darla shuffles towards the apartment door. When Saskia unlocks the door, Darla barely waits for it to open before hurrying inside.
"We'll be outside talking strategy for a moment," Saskia says.
Nodding, Darla doesn't look at me. She hurries further into the apartment while I frown at Saskia, who shuts the door.
"Pulling your weapon on a cop is insanity," she tells me.
"I wouldn't have pulled it completely," I say, leaning against the doorjamb. "Or at least, I wouldn't have pulled the trigger. You worry too much."
"Aggressive men like you behave poorly when falling in love. They become territorial beasts. I don't approve of this stupidity, but here we are."
"I'm not in love or a beast."
"You have lost perspective. A professional would remove himself from this situation."
"You're pissing me off, Saskia."
"I understand your anger. I've felt the way since we arrived at the aquarium."
"Are we done?"
"If you push her too hard, Darla will break. No one is indestructible. How sad will it be for her to survive Locke, yet lose herself because of you?"
"Now you're really pissing me off."
"Delicate princess, are you?"
Saskia opens the door, and I rush into the room. I don't know why I'm so afraid except Darla is mine. If she's not safe, I can't survive knowing I let her down.
Tired and depressed, Darla looks up at me and forces a smile. She lies for my ego's sake, but I'm not fooled. The darkness seduces Darla with promises of a reprieve from the pain and fear. What can I offer in exchange for remaining in the light with me?
28
~~~
Darla
Embracing My Freedom
Saskia is pissed at Troy. I am too, but for an entirely different reason. She cares about the big picture while I care about Troy pretending we can ever have anything real. He's jealous like a normal man is jealous with his normal woman. Am I his woman though? Can I belong to anyone ever again? Even myself? Will Locke own me until the day I die?
Sitting on the couch, I give myself a pep talk. I only ran from Mister Pain less than two months ago, meaning I have every right to be weird. I'm not the problem. Troy's unfair expectations are the problem. I'm not strong like Minka or hard like Saskia. I'm me, and I need more time than Troy seems willing to give me.
"You were jealous," I mutter, as he sits nearby.
"It happens."
"I don't get jealous of you and Minka."
"Because you're a very mature person."
"I am confused about you and her but never jealous."
"Confused about what?"
"She and I are nothing alike. You clearly don't have a type, but I can't see how you wanted her, and now you want me."
"You and Minka are both beautiful and strong."
"I'm not strong like her."
"You're seeing the superficial things. Inside, you're both strong."
Frowning, I clasp my hands tightly. "Minka said she dumped you. Do you miss her?"
"How can I miss her when I see her nearly every day?"
"You know what I mean."
His blue eyes amused, Troy scoots closer. "No, I don't miss her. We weren't in love. I care for her like a sister. I know that sounds bizarre since we were lovers. She's my closest friend, but that doesn't mean I was ever in love with her."
"Then why did she dump you instead of you dumping her?"
"Let me ask you something. Does Minka seem like the kind of woman a man dumps if he wants to remain in one piece?"
"You're scared of her?"
"Of course. She's mean. Oh, and she cheats in fights."
Troy is teasing me, but I refuse to smile. "It kinda seems like you wanted Minka because she was right there. Now you want me for the same reason. You pick women out of convenience."
"Huh? Interesting. Why do you like me then? Aren't I the only single man you've encountered since escaping Locke?"
"For your information, I would have thought you were handsome no matter how we met. You are exactly my type. I like big blond jerks with sexy smiles."
Standing up, a smiling Troy holds his arms out. "Anything else you like about me?" he asks, turning around and wiggling his ass for effect.
I refuse to smile at his display. "I like how you can be gentle. You're funny too. I like the way you look at me, and you make great omelets."
Troy grins at my answer.
"Then again, maybe I'm assuming too much about this situation. Everything we feel is convenience and coincidence. In fact, I bet my therapist would say I only want you because you represent safety. None of it's real."
"If your therapist thinks that shit, I guess it's a good thing we didn't see her," Troy says, kneeling down in front of me. He takes my hands and kisses the palms. "Coincidence and convenience are how everyone gets together, Darla. Manny met his wife at a wedding. Rafael met his wife during a run through the woods. Tia met her girlfriend while working in the same office. My parents met in high school. People can only date the people they meet. We met, and I felt a connection. You did too. Stop analyzing things until they become meaningless. That's your shrink's job."
I cross my arms, pushing up my tits. Realizing I don't want him looking at my body, I uncross my arms.
"I feel restless."
"You need to relax," he says, gripping my hips before running his fingers down my thighs.
"A pill would help me relax."
Temper rising, I challenge Troy, who knows I want him to back off. Yet his fingers tease the curves of my knees.
"I never needed Minka," he says softly like how the cop spoke to me. "I never got jealous of her flirting with other guys. She was doing it for the job, but I didn't care either way. I always knew she wasn't in love with me. Even so, some part of me should have cared about her smiling for other men."
The anger in my heart falters as his words penetrate.
"I wanted to kill that cop for thinking he could talk to you like that," he admits.
"He was only asking what happened."
"Don't be naive," he mutters. "You know when men are flirting with you. You feel it in your gut when you're being hunted."
"I felt it with you."
Troy holds my gaze, challenging me back. "I feel no shame in wanting you."
"I'm fragile," I nearly growl, and he finally realizes why I'm pissed.
"No, you're sick like someone after a bad flu. You're feeling stronger every day, but the sickness wore you down. You're not weak, even if you think that would be easier."
When I push away his hands, Troy only smiles. "I understand you want to hide. I was in a cage for only two weeks, but I spent two months getting over the trapped feeling. I drank so much I can't remember much from that time. I fucked anything that walked and started fights with anyone who looked at me the wrong way. I'm lucky I didn't catch anything or end up in a shallow grave."
Sighing loudly, I release much of my anger. My fingers caress the hard stubble on his cheek, and I shiver as my body responds to his nearness. My nipples harden against my shirt, so I cross my arms again.
"Locke didn't break you," Troy whispers. "He banged you up, but you survived."
"I don't feel strong."
"I know, but I need you to keep trying. I'm selfish, and my heart needs you to be ready for me."
"You are selfish," I mumble, even though I want to smile.
"You get me right here," he says, patting his chest. "Minka made sense in my head, but I never felt it in here. I never craved her the way I do you. I'm only selfish because you make me feel crazy in ways I can't handle."
"Stop blaming me for your problems," I say, grinning behind my hand.
"You're under my skin. Now I can't let you go."
"Pathetic," I say, laughing. "You're such a weak baby."
Leaning forward, he presses his lips against my smiling ones. My mouth opens after a second, and a moan rises inside me. Troy tugs me closer, his chest pressing against mine until I finally wrap my arms around him.
"I'll be less selfish once I get what I need," he murmurs, skimming my forehead with his lips.
"Sex?"
"No, not just sex. I want all of you. I want to know your every secret. I want to explore every inch of your body. I want you to forget every man except me. Once I have all of you, I'll be less selfish."
"I never want you to see me naked."
"Now you're just being mean."
Running my fingers through his soft blond hair, I love how my body responds again. The spreading heat between my legs empowers me.
"You can have me. You just can't look at me."
"Explain," he murmurs, sucking at my wrist.
"I don't like people looking at me. I don't want to be on display."
"I'm not people."
Yanking my arm away, I mutter, "You're not listening."
"I am. I'm just ignoring the parts I don't like."
Troy wraps his arms around my waist and rests his head on my stomach. When he looks up at me, I can barely breathe in the presence of such warmth. How can one man make me stronger and weaker at the same time?
My fingers play with his hair again. If he's mine, I want to keep him. Yet Troy has no patience for the eternity I might need to get strong enough for him.
Eyes burning, I hate the arousal from Troy nuzzling my waist. My mind imagines Locke watching me with his friends the way they did at his dinner parties.
Except Locke wouldn't want another man touching his Rose. Now I imagine him watching my body react to Troy's touch in a way I never could for Locke.
"Troy," I whisper, lifting his lips to mine. "Kiss me."
Hungry in a way that startles me, Troy's mouth consumes mine. His arms tighten around my back, allowing me not a hint of wiggle room. When I begin to fear his need, I imagine Locke watching. The psycho owned me for nine months, but I'm free now.
Troy senses my change or maybe he's still so riled up about another man sniffing around his conquest. I can't be sure, but I don't really care either. His kisses are hot, and my body reacts violently to the way he bites at my lower lip. I yank up his shirt, wanting to feel his bare skin.
My hand presses against his chest, feeling the hard fast beats of a man on the edge.
"No," I say when he tries to remove my skirt. "Just the panties."
A moment passes in his hungry blue eyes. I don't know if he'll push me or take only what I offer. Beneath the heat of his expression, I see compassion. Love maybe. Troy isn't a patient man, yet he'll wait for me.
Troy's lips suck at mine. His tongue tastes and claims. One hand slides up my skirt until his fingers meet my wet panties.
"You never fail to surprise me," he murmurs, sliding his thumb up and down the slit of my panties.
"You can take them off, but everything else stays on."
Troy gives me a naughty smile. "You're bossy when wet."
I share his grin while lifting my hips so he can slide off the panties. Troy tosses them on his shoulder before leaning forward and sucking at my lips. I slide farther down on the couch, my wet center searching for the fingers I feel crawling lazily up my thighs.
A moan escapes my lips as his knuckle grazes my clit. Troy smiles, his mouth on my jaw before skimming the flesh of my neck. He latches onto my pulse and sucks deeply. My eyes close as his index and middle fingers slide deeper inside me.
"Troy," I whimper.
"No one sees you this way ever again. I'm claiming you, Darla. Do you understand?"
"Yes," I say without believing him.
His thumb makes perfect little circles against my clit while his fingers press into me faster and deeper until my hips fuck his hand wildly. The pleasure is so close that I nearly reach out to grab it. Troy doesn't relent. Thrusting harder, he forces me over the edge and gives me my first orgasm in years.
Panting with relief, I pull him closer and devour his lips. He's gorgeous and sexy as hell, but Troy is more. He's the man I always dreamed of yet never truly believed was real. Locke made me hate touch, and now I feel starved for it.
Releasing his lips, I push Troy back. "Lie down," I whisper, running my hands over his chest.
Troy looks uncertain. Is he afraid? Does my hunger frighten this trained killer? My smile infects Troy, making him pliable under my hands. I tug open his jeans, surprised he hasn't broken himself loose already. His cock springs free, desperate for my touch. I stroke him steadily until the thick muscle is unbearably rigid.
Leaning down, I nibble at his ribcage. My tongue licks at his stomach impatiently.
"Enough," I mumble to myself.
I don't want foreplay. Straddling Troy, I bite my bottom lip and steady myself over his waiting cock. He remains very still as if afraid to spook me. Will I run from the room, leaving him to deal with this raging hard on alone? I laugh at the thought. Troy can't know how much I need him inside me. My laughter shifts into a relieved moan as I take more and more of him into my body.
Filled perfectly with his hot flesh, I rest my hands on his chest and rock my hips.
"You kill people," I murmur, staring down at him. "You have blood on your hands. I see the real you, and it's so beautiful."
Troy flinches at my words. His hands instantly reach for me, but I refuse to let him pull me down or change positions. I want him under me. I like imagining Locke seeing me like this with Troy. In charge, I'm free to fuck anyone I want. With my freedom, I choose this man.
I never take my eyes off Troy. Moving steadily, my hips work him closer to filling me with his seed. My pussy aches with long forgotten pleasure. I've gone a lifetime without desiring anything like I want Troy.
His hands cup my breasts, teasing them through my shirt. Even with clothes between us, I feel the heat of his touch. Moving faster, I understand Troy isn't the only impatient one. I can't wait any longer either. 
I come hard, groaning as if in pain. Embracing my freedom and power, I smile when Troy comes too. His cock thickens inside me while his hips thrust upward. His pleasure empowers me. Soon, I laugh at how Locke tried to destroy me yet failed. I'm still alive, and I know what I want.
29
~~~
Troy
Push/Pull
Darla awakes from the darkness, hungry and demanding. I push her, touching her deep and forcing her to let go. Rather than be satisfied, Darla craves more. I watch her lead, afraid if I'm too greedy that she'll run.
Her body accepts my cock and rides me wildly. She's laughing and coming like a woman unleashed. Her mind isn't so accommodating.
I feel her pulling away as soon as she crawls off me. Nearly expecting her to break into a run and hide, I even imagine her in the shower washing away the feel of me. Darla only finds her panties and slides them up her long legs.
"Are you okay?" I ask.
Darla only glances at me, already hiding in her head. I hate when she hides from me. A part of me understands her history and the darkness she craves. That part wants to give her space, so she can cope slowly with her trauma.
Another stronger part of me needs to claim her completely so she can never hide from me again. That part has no patience for her past and pain. That part nearly carries her into the bedroom and strips off every inch of clothing.
Minka's call breaks me from my greedy need. Darla watches me take the call, and I swear she's judging me.
Minka sounds tired and rather irritated when I answer. "You should know the cops tracked down the guy from today at a hotel on the south side. Fucker came out blazing as if he planned to take out a dozen cops and make his way to Mexico. Real amateur shit."
"I'm assuming he's a dead amateur now."
"Yeah. We'll have info on him soon, but it won't help much. Except for Zivkovic, these have all been small timers with no way to track their movements."
"What will we do if Locke hires someone with any skill?" I mutter.
"It's common knowledge Vernon hired us. Who wants to take on a group of retired assassins for a small payout like a hundred grand?"
"He won't give up."
"No, but the guy from today isn't a factor any longer. Saskia's guy is trying to get a lead on Locke's location, but the fucker won't play. He just offers the money and gives Darla's details. We can't track him back that way."
"Locke is paying through the Cayman Islands, I'm assuming."
"Yeah."
"We might have a way to get the info on the account he's using there."
"Are you holding out on me, Frosty?" Minka asks, and I hear the humor in her voice.
"Always. When are you coming tonight?"
"I'm on my way. Stuck in traffic, so I figured I'd give you the update. How's Darla?"
"Remember Rio?"
Remembering how I swept a new girl off her feet every night during the assignment, Minka says nothing before finally sighing. "I should have glued your dick to your leg."
"Wouldn't have helped. It would have ripped itself free."
"No doubt. Is she okay?"
"Why wouldn't she be?" I growl into the phone.
Darla frowns at my tone, but Minka laughs. "She thinks you hang the moon, Troy. I figure you might not have lived up to her fantasies."
"One day, you'll find someone, and I'll get payback."
"Yes and no. Yes, I'll find someone. No, you won't get shit for payback. Your teasing is too lame."
"Well, I'll start practicing now and hone my skills." 
"You do that," Minka says, laughing quietly at my anger. "I'll be there in a few minutes. Keep it in your pants until then."
"Until then? So I can let it loose when you arrive."
"Sure. Easier to glue it down that way."
I hang up on Minka. Darla is ignoring me now and working on her puzzle.
"The guy from today is dead."
"Okay."
"I think I'll be able to find out something about Locke."
"That's good."
"Do you want to talk?"
Darla stares up at me with her blue eyes. "About our feelings?"
"Whatever happened to the after sex glow women are supposed to get?"
"Maybe you did it wrong," she says, smiling behind her hair.
Taking the bait, I lower myself to the ground and crawl menacingly towards Darla. She squirms before I even reach her.
"What?" she asks nervously.
"Your pussy tasted better than chocolate, and I really love chocolate."
Darla shrugs. "Glad I could help a guy out."
My fingers wrap around her waist, pulling her back against me.
"No," she says without much effort.
"I want to see your clit. Will it swell up for me?"
"I don't want you looking at me. You can touch but don't look."
"For now," I whisper, cupping her heavy breasts in my hands. "You look like an angel when you come. Your eyes get so bright, and you smile like you're reaching for heaven."
Relaxing against me, Darla smiles wistfully. "I've never come like that before."
"Only for me."
"Only for you," she murmurs, her lips searching for mine.
I steal her fear with a long kiss. Sucking on her tongue, I want more and more until only her very soul will satisfy.
Minka ruins our fun by arriving with a loud bang on the door. My lips leave Darla's, but I still hold her against me. She stares lazily at my face.
Minka never acknowledges us on the floor. "I hate traffic," she grumbles, dropping her keys onto the kitchen counter.
"Shouldn't have had us set up shop in the fourth largest US city then," I say, smiling at her anger and Darla's heavenly expression.
"If I hadn't, you wouldn't be feeling up our client right now."
Lifting my gaze, I frown at a grinning Minka. Darla ignores us both and returns to her puzzle.
"Are you still working on the kittens puzzle?" Minka asks.
"Yes. I'd be finished if someone would stop distracting me."
Leaning forward, I nip Darla's earlobe before standing up. "I apologize for nothing."
Darla smiles slightly, but she's slowly retreating into the darkness where life feels safer. Even understanding the reason she hides, I want her present with me.
30
~~~
Troy
What I Need
I sit across from Minka, the light from the TV flickering across from her beautiful face. She's a great woman, but I never needed her. During our partnership, Minka disappeared for a week with only a vague explanation. My reaction to her absence was to take a mini-vacation. I never lost any sleep over where she might be or with whom.
For all my past independence, I can't relax tonight because Darla is asleep with the bedroom door shut. I feel rejected by not having easy access to her. What the fuck is wrong with me?
"Going to bed?" Minka teases.
"I'm checking on Darla."
"She's a big girl. I'm sure she's fine."
Rolling my eyes at Minka's taunting, I walk past the kitchen and down the short hallway to the door keeping me from Darla. I enter silently and walk to the bed. Darla never stirs while I admire her in the moonlight. Breathing softly, Darla grins in her sleep.
I remain next to the bed, watching her like a common stalker. Even knowing I'm being weird, I can't look away. Darla is heavenly when she's relaxed. Tingling with the need to feel her soft skin, my fingers reach out and caress her cheek.
"No," Darla says, jumping up and taking a punch at the air feet away from where the threat stands.
Speaking tenderly, I sit on the edge of the bed. "It's okay. I'm sorry I woke you."
"What's happening?"
"I was staring at you in a creepy way. When that didn't wake you up, I got creepier."
Darla blinks rapidly, her brain transitioning from asleep to awake. "What?"
"I can't relax. Can I sleep in here?" I ask, caressing her jaw. "I'll sleep in the chair or on the floor if you don't want me closer."
"I'm not having sex," she mutters, frowning at me.
"Not even if I sleep in the chair?"
Darla grins grudgingly. "Why can't you relax?"
"I miss you," I murmur, kissing her forehead.
"I said no sex."
"You are so horny, Darla Birmingham," I admonish. "I'm talking about feelings and hearts and flowers crap here. Try to keep up."
Smiling brightly, she sighs. "It's a big bed, but I can't have you touch me while I sleep. I know that sounds weird, but these meds give me vivid dreams. Really weird dreams that make me scared to be touched. It's not personal."
"Do you need the pills?" I ask, crawling onto the bed while kicking off my shoes.
"Yes or else I can't sleep."
"I could help wear you out."
Darla frowns. "Get out of my bed."
Laughing, I kick off my jeans and pull back the top blanket. "You like a lot of covers on you, huh?"
"I get cold."
"From the meds?"
"Maybe."
"I could keep you warm."
"No touching. I'm not kidding, Troy. I don't like being touched when I'm sleeping. If you break that rule, I can't promise I won't rip your balls off in a panicked fit."
Resting on my side, I smile. "You're so beautiful when you threaten me. Do it again."
Darla mutters something under her breath and plops her head on the pillow.
"Leave me alone so that I can sleep," she says. "No touching."
"Can I still stare at you like a creepy stalker?"
"Have at it. Just don't touch me."
"You can stop saying that now."
Darla frowns hard at me, and I know she's assuming I'll touch her the moment she's asleep. I only grin at her while she dozes off. As much as I want to touch her warm skin, I keep my hands to myself.
Darla doesn't though.
Ten minutes after she's asleep, the sexy blonde with touching issues rolls over and clings to me like we're attached by super glue. I wait for her to wake up and scold me, but she never does. Sound asleep, she never moves again.
This need is what Minka and I lacked. I'm only truly relaxed when Darla is nearby. I crave her smiles. I even enjoy her frowns. I need her to react to things rather than simply exist. The more Darla fights her way out of the darkness, the sooner she'll be in my arms for good.
31
~~~
Darla
Don't Do Him Wrong
I can't help smiling when I wake up next to Troy. Shirtless and wearing only boxers, he's an Adonis stretched out in bed. I admire all his hard flesh, fighting the urge to touch what is displayed before me. I wipe the morning gunk from my eyes and slide out of bed to use the bathroom. Troy is still sleeping when I return.
I dress in black slacks, a matching black shirt, and red socks. Looking ready for a day out with the girls, I shuffle into the kitchen where Minka stretches.
"Did you sleep well?" she asks.
"Yes."
"Did Troy hog the bed?"
Studying her, I shake my head. Minka looks lean and deadly even after a long night of staring at cameras.
"I'm thinking about working out before I head home. Want to join me?"
"Do I have to exercise?"
"No," she says, gesturing for me to follow her.
I slide my sandals over my socks and walk out into the hallway. Even at eight in the morning when the building is quiet, Minka remains on alert. Her right hand lingers near her gun while her left presses the elevator button. We ride down in silence and without incident.
"Do you really think they'll attack us in the building?" I ask once we're in the gym, and Minka shoves a chair against the door.
"It's what I'd do at this point. If I wanted a target to come out in the open, I'd start a fire." Minka says, walking on the treadmill. "I might even set off the alarm then wait for my targets to emerge for their safe place. Of course, they don't want to kill you. Much trickier but the idea is the same. They need to get you out of the apartment."
"The guy from yesterday is dead."
"Yes. Locke is working with someone who's a front for Saskia. We're getting bank info so that Troy can pull his move."
"What move?"
Minka increases her speed, running now. "He hasn't said. I assume he knows someone who can find out where the money is coming from. Those banks won't share with the authorities, but they'll share with scary people. Just depends on how scary Troy can be."
"So do you think anyone is in Houston now?"
"Locke thinks Saskia's guy is doing the job, so he'll likely wait. We can't be sure, though. I wouldn't be surprised if he has people in Houston, keeping an eye out and feeding him info."
"Should I worry?"
"No. That's my job. You just get stronger."
Nodding, I take a five-pound weight and lift it slowly. "I hate working out."
"I know, but it doesn't have to be boring. I can teach you to throw a punch and protect yourself. Nothing fancy, just the basics."
Smiling at Minka, I switch hands. "Thank you."
"I gotta have the talk with you. It's not personal. You seem very nice, and I like you, but it's my job."
"What talk?" I ask, nervous now.
"Troy is my friend. He and I are tight like I've never been tight with anyone else. I have his back, and I know he has mine. That's why I need you to promise not to break his heart. You need to be straight with him and treat him right. If things don't work out, that's life. Just don't do him wrong on purpose."
"I won't hurt Troy."
"He's falling for you. I've never seen him do that before, and I'm scared for him. He keeps people at a distance, so they can't hurt him. Even his family is only blood. He just doesn't connect with anyone, but he's connecting with you. If you hurt him, you'll hurt him bad."
"I've never connected with a man before, so I can't promise I won't make mistakes. I can promise I won't hurt Troy on purpose."
"Sounds fair," Minka says, running faster on the treadmill.
"Have you ever been in love?"
"No. I keep waiting for a guy to sweep me off my feet, but it hasn't happened."
"You're beautiful," I say softly. "Confident too."
"You don't like looking in the mirror. Is that a new thing or have you always been that way?"
"New."
Minka jumps off the treadmill and stands next to me. Her nimble fingers swipe my hair from my shoulders before turning me towards the mirror.
"Don't let a sick man make you fear your own image."
Unable to look into the mirror for more than a few seconds, I turn away.
"He put me on display at his little parties. I thought I could handle it since I'd done modeling with people staring at me. I was wrong. He made me feel like an object. Even now, when people look at me, I feel like a piece of trash."
"You need to try aversion therapy. It's how I got over my fear of heights."
"Force myself to look at myself?"
"No, force yourself to let others look at you. That's the real problem, isn't it?"
When I say nothing and set down the weight, Minka steps closer.
"Want me to teach you to punch before I return to the treadmill?"
Grudgingly, I nod. She makes sure I know how to make a proper fist and then tells me to take a shot. With her palms out, she waits for me to punch one of her hands. I throw a lame punch, but she only smiles and says to try again. I aim for her left hand and punch again. This one makes a little smacking noise, and I frown.
"Too hard?"
Minka stares at me with her dark eyes, and I suspect she wants to laugh. Grumpy about her being so attractive and already knowing a million things about Troy that I'll never know, I throw another punch and then another. Minka bounces around to make the targets harder to hit. I keep up at first but get tired easily.
"I take a lot of meds," I say as an excuse for being exhausted.
"I know a guy who was tortured with electricity. He can't remember what he ate for dinner the night before and suffers from occasional seizures. Really fucked him up, so no worries. It's not your job to beat up people."
Nodding, I feel uneasy about my fatigue especially next to a powerful, healthy woman like Minka.
"Did you know Saskia was in love when she was young? She said he died."
"That sounds like a lie."
"She told me he was a student in Germany."
"I once asked Saskia if she loved her mother. Her mom is an evil bitch, so I was curious if they did normal mom and daughter things. Anyway, Saskia told me the only person she'd ever loved in the entire world was the hot redhead in the mirror."
"So she lied to you or me?"
"Likely you."
Frowning, I wrap my hair behind my ears. Minka laughs at my expression.
"You should take it as a compliment. Did she tell you the story to make you feel better?"
"I think I was supposed to give Troy a chance and not wait for things to settle down."
"Aww, that's sweet. Saskia is never sweet to me. In fact, she steals random things from my desk at the office. No reason except to mess with me. Huh, I guess she likes you and not so much me."
"Sorry," I say, smiling behind my hand. "Likely she just pities me."
"For Saskia, that's still a compliment. She was raised to kill and torture people. Empathy isn't something she's known for."
I do take Saskia's lie as a compliment. I've never been great at making friends, mainly because I had Shelley.
Minka runs on the treadmill for another twenty minutes until a jerk bangs on the door. She doesn't even flinch at the sound.
"He's a tenant," she says casually while turning off the treadmill. "I studied all of them so that I could spot threats."
"Open the fucking door!" he yells, tugging at the doorknob.
Minka gestures for me to follow her. She slides the chair out of the way before opening the door and blocking the man from entering.
"You yell at me again, and we'll have a problem."
The guy glares at Minka, ready to put her in her place. I don't know what he sees in her eyes, but he keeps his mouth shut. As we're walking out, I hear him muttering about it being a public gym. Minka glares back at him through the window until he notices and ducks out of sight.
"Men," Minka says, grinning.
I share her smile, but the guy's temper scared me. Minka though shrugs off his anger as if he was no more than a tantruming child. I can't imagine walking through life with such confidence. Yet when we enter the apartment and find a sleepy Troy frantically searching for us, I imagine one day finding my place in life.
32
~~~
Troy
Blood Debt
Darla works on her puzzle while I go to the spare room. Shutting the door, I search a database of numbers I have hidden online on a blog I created about cherry blossoms.
A year earlier while Minka was on vacation, I took a job for a guy in the Cayman Islands. Jeff wasn't much to look at, but he'd managed to crawl into the bed of a sexy Latina with a drug dealer husband bent on killing the interloper. He hired me to fix his problem, and I did it easily. 
Dialing Jeff's number, I remember the look on the geek's face when he told me a scary Mexican wanted to chop off his balls. I'm nearly laughing at the memory when he answers.
"Jeff, this is Ty Stewart. You hired me some time back for a job."
Jeff's silence makes me smile. I say nothing, forcing him to either hang up or find his voice. "Hello, Ty. How are you?"
"Not great to be honest. I have a problem, and I was hoping you might know how to help me."
Another period of silence passes before his balls stop crawling into his gut. "What kind of problem?"
"My woman is being threatened by a man who just transferred money to your bank. I have his bank info, but no name or address to find him with."
"I understand your concern, but the law is very clear."
Sighing dramatically, I let my disappointment settle into his bones before I speak. "I worried you'd say that. I know the law, and I know about rules. I just hoped I wouldn't have to fly to the Islands to find out the info. Leaving my woman isn't something I wanted to do, but if being in town and getting the info personally is necessary, I guess I'll fly out tonight."
"I'm not sure anyone can help you."
"No, not willingly. Laws matter to some people but not me. Well, you remember that about me, right?" I ask, giving him a chuckle.
Jeff exhales unsteadily, and I imagine him in his office thinking about the big scary man I easily killed for him. I was skilled at my job, just as I'll be skilled at extracting the information I need when I arrive in the Cayman Islands.
Understanding the threat behind my easy words, Jeff begins typing before his mouth works again.
"What's the account number?"
"Are you sure you won't get into any trouble?"
"No, I'll handle it."
Smiling, I give Jeff the account number. A minute later, I have Locke's information. The Argentinean address isn't helpful since I know he's located currently in the US. Yet I have his real name now.
Christopher Baker.
Locke's real name feels wrong. Too American, and not enough perverted monster. I thank Jeff for being such a great guy and helping me out. He sounds relieved, yet still scared.
Once I hang up, I call Rafael with the information I have on Locke. He promises to track down everything available on the freak in less than 24 hours.
I return to the living room where Darla still sits on the ground. She pretends to ignore me until I settle next to her on the floor.
"Can I help?"
A smile slowly spreads over her gorgeous face. "I liked waking up next to you this morning."
"Get used to that great feeling," I tease, taking a piece of the puzzle and pretending to care where it goes.
Darla scoots closer and returns to her puzzle. We fall into a comfortable silence. I have no idea what she's thinking, but I'm dreaming of Locke dead in various ways. Thanks to an easy job a year ago, I'm one step closer to making my dream a reality.
33
~~~
Darla
An Honest Assessment
Doctor Parker enters the apartment, looking awkward and out of place. Having Troy stand over her likely doesn't help. I fake a smile for Doctor Parker as she sits on a chair across from me. She fakes one in return. Troy watches us both, and I sense he's angry about her being here.
"I'll be the security room if you need me," he says in a hard voice.
I wait for him to shut the door before I return my gaze to Doctor Parker. Her thin blonde hair is partially back, and she's wearing a lot of black eyeliner. I never notice her appearance before while I was hiding behind my hair. Now I wonder if the heavy makeup is a sign of her insecurity.
"You look different," she says, stating the obvious.
"Shelley helped me find clothes that keep me covered."
"What triggered your decision to leave the sweats?"
"Triggered?"
"You could have found other clothes before. I recall Shelley wanting to take you shopping weeks ago. Why did you agree this time?"
Wrapping my arms around myself, I shrug. "Troy, I guess."
"Did he ask you to change your appearance?"
"No. I want to look better because I like him."
When Doctor Parker writes something in my file, my temper boils. How dare she judge me?
"Goals are what make people work harder," I mutter. "Me working to get past what Locke did isn't so different than someone working out so they can fit in a special dress for a wedding or a high school reunion. I want Troy's attentions, so I dressed in a way that would appeal to him. Goals are good, right?"
I add a lot of heat to the last word. Doctor Parker's face freezes into a blank stare while she works out a response. Finally, she nods.
"Tell me about Troy."
Defensive immediately, I shrug again. "He's a good man who treats me well."
"Has he ever been married?"
Frowning, I realize I don't actually know the answer to this question. I assume he hasn't been because he never mentioned anything. What if he married a woman on a lark or in a drunken stupor? Would he have mentioned something so embarrassing? Probably not but I'd never actually asked him.
"No," I finally say.
"Any children?"
"No," I say much quicker, knowing Troy would have mentioned kids.
"Has he always worked security?"
"What does it matter?"
"I'm curious about the man who inspired such changes in you."
I hate the way her eyes dissect me. My first instinct is to look away and hide from her. I also consider telling her whatever she wants to hear. I decide honesty is more empowering.
"I don't know how long I'll be alive. With Troy, I know I'll enjoy whatever time is left."
Frowning, Doctor Parker immediately scribbles in the file again. I narrow my eyes and think of how comfortable her life must be. She's soft just like I was before Locke. I enjoyed a safe, happy life and wouldn't know what to do with someone like me either. Even messed up, I'm stronger than I was before Locke stole me away. This realization comforts me.
"The first Rose killed herself, but I don't think the others did," I say, leaning back and crossing my arms. "Locke said he loved his Rose the best he could, but she wasn't right and left him. So he had to find her again. His babble meant once a Rose failed his rules that he murdered her and found a new girl. He would have done the same to me eventually."
"Then it's even more of a gift that you escaped."
"If Locke can't bring me back, he'll have me killed. Right now, his people fail because they're trying to take me alive. Once he realizes he can't beat Troy and the security team, he'll have someone shoot me while I'm out somewhere. I doubt the security team can protect me beyond hiding me forever."
"They could find Locke and inform the authorities."
"That's my hope, but I'm not clinging to it. If I only have a short time left, I plan to enjoy it with my sister, niece and nephew, new friends, and a hot boyfriend."
Doctor Parker is uncomfortable with this line of conversation. I see it in her eyes. I also notice she doesn't like when I make eye contact for too long. With her, I have power. Relishing it, I refuse to look away.
"Have you been taking your medications?"
"Yes. If I weren't taking them, I wouldn't keep having these visits with you."
Doctor Parker frowns. "Do you not enjoy our visits?"
"No, and I don't think you do either."
"Why do you think this?"
"Are you asking why I don't like you or why I think you don't like me?"
"I'm curious about both reasons actually."
Nodding, I adjust in the chair. "Can I ask if you ever worked for a low-cost clinic or with addicts?"
Doctor Parker gives me a weird look. "I started my career working with families involved in Child Services cases."
Realizing I'm right about her, I gain the courage to challenge her with my real thoughts. No more pretending life is all about happy choices.
"When you worked with those families, you saw the real evil in people. I'm assuming with Child Services involved that you worked with abusive parents. They committed horrible crimes against their flesh and blood. You stared into their eyes and saw the bullshit excuses. You witnessed evil in the form of seemingly normal people. I think you quit that job because you knew you couldn't help them. They were lost causes. Maybe in your work, you're not allowed to admit there are people who can never change."
Doctor Parker shows me nothing on her face, which tells me everything. She hates I know her bullshit. I feel the same way about her.
"The job you have now isn't about helping people either. With your upscale office and clientele, you deal with the problems of the affluent. They obsess over minor things because their lives are too easy to have major things to obsess over. You deal with their neurosis, and you give them self-help tips they probably ignore. They can't be helped, but they're not evil. You don't look at them and see the darkness in all of us. With me, you do see it, though. It's why I make you uncomfortable. When you quit that job, you left that reality behind and don't need the reminder."
Doctor Parker nods as if she's considering my words, continuing her bullshit.
"Want to know why I don't like you?" I ask, pressing the issue.
Nodding again, Doctor Parker waits, and I know she's very interested in why anyone would dislike her. She's rather perfect, of course.
"I was like you before Locke," I say, holding her gaze. "I lived a blessed life. Good looks, decent brains, no big hang-ups to divert me from enjoying life. My sister married a decent man with a big bank account. We ate the best foods, and I got to travel to fun places. My sister never forgot me. Even after Vern and the kids, she was still my best friend. I enjoyed her life. Evil was for other people in other places, and it couldn't touch me."
Leaning back in the chair, I force my body to unclench. "Now I've known evil up close and personal. I've seen the darkness we all hide inside ourselves. I've seen it flourish, and I felt it corrupt me. Back in this life, I'm forced to pretend like evil doesn't exist or can't win. With the suburban beauties that live in Shelley's life, I hide from their lies by covering myself and being off-putting enough for them to keep their distance. With you, though, I'm expected to stare into the eyes of a lie and trust in it. I resent pretending evil isn't real. I've seen it in Locke and his servants. I felt it in myself too. It's real, but with you, I have to pretend it can be overcome with enough therapy, pills, and happy thoughts."
Sighing, I clasp my hands and rest them on my stomach. "You can't help me, and I can't trust you. You've seen evil but haven't been corrupted by it. It polluted me, though. I always feel it on my skin. I tried scrubbing it away. I've also tried taking enough pills not to feel anything. Those are lies, and I'm trying to give up the lies. It's why I'm telling you this now but couldn't before."
I pause to smile at the memory of Troy and me on the floor yesterday.
"Troy is real, and I want real even if it comes with the bad stuff. Maybe you understand that or maybe you don't. It doesn't matter if you understand because you're not the one who has to keep swimming to stay afloat. You can leave this apartment and forget the evil lingering around me. I have no escape. Locke can die a million times, but his crimes are a part of me now and always will be."
 Doctor Parker's silence goes on for an eternity. I stare at the couch where Troy took control of my body and reminded me how I could feel pleasure. He's my anchor to a better life. We were both broken in life, and we both healed wrong. I see the rage in his eyes that he believes is gone. I sense the coiled tension of a caged animal. Unable to find his place in this world, Troy resents anyone who has it easy like his brother.
"You've given me a lot to think about," Doctor Parker finally says.
My thoughts on Troy, I barely nod at her comment. She doesn't know where our visits go after my big speech. I don't really care where they go. I only see her to appease Shelley. Well, I want my Prozac too, but I'm sure I can get them from another doctor. Money buys access, but it can't buy true freedom. Maybe love can, though.
34
~~~
Troy
Magical in a World with No Magic
Doctor Parker's visit puts me into a state of complete asshole. Leaving Darla and the shrink alone to talk, I hide in the security room. No one prowls on the street outside. The cameras show me a quiet building. Locke hasn't given up, but too many failures in a row likely frustrate the fucker.
I have a camera set up in the living room, and the jerk in me wants to turn on the feed. Distrusting Doctor Parker to keep her nose out of Darla's love life, I nearly cross the line. They'd never know while I'd feel better knowing what they were discussing.
The hour-long visit seems to last twice as long. I can't sit still and keep reaching for the doorknob with the intention of interrupting. The sooner Doctor Parker leaves, the happier I'll be.
Doctor Parker might support Darla and me being together. I'm not a bad guy as far as she knows. I have a job, all my teeth, and a head full of hair. Of course, my credit is crap since I've been off the grid for a decade.
"Idiot," I mutter at myself.
How would Doctor Parker know about my credit or teeth? Why would she care? All she knows is her fucked up client is rushing into a relationship with a violent man. No way will Doctor Parker be supportive. She'll meddle, and Darla will back away from me. What in the hell will my plan be then? I can't let her go but holding her hostage feels wrong too.
I'm a ball of irritation and stupidity by the time Doctor Parker leaves the apartment. Once I've locked the place down, I find Darla in the kitchen. She takes a bottle of Yoohoo and sits at the kitchen table.
"How did the shrink go?" I ask, fingering her thick blonde hair.
"I realize I don't know much about you."
Anger rising in me, I frown. "Did she talk shit about me?"
"You're very insecure. I find that a curious thing," she says, tapping her chin. "Were you a shy child? Did you wet the bed?"
Darla leans her head back and laughs at her own joke. Watching her, I take in all of the beauty before me. If Doctor Parker tries to convince Darla to dump me, I don't know how I'll react. Normally, I kill people who stand in my way. Killing the shrink might be a bad move. Instead, I might want to threaten her husband until Doctor Parker tells Darla I'm a solid guy.
"What are you thinking about?" Darla asks, frowning now. "You look a little scary."
Leaning forward, I kiss her cheek. "I am a little scary."
"You hide it usually. What else do you hide?"
My hands wrap around her shoulders and massage the tense muscles. "Nothing important."
"Are you close to your family?"
"No. Wait, I'm friends with them on Facebook. Does that count?"
"Not really."
Darla sighs as I massage her neck. "Do you think of your mom often?"
I refuse to react physically to her question. Mentally, I'll be perfectly happy never to think of my mom again.
"No."
"Was she a bad mother?" she asks, turning her head to look back at me.
"She was vacant."
Darla frowns, not truly understanding.
"You never told me about your parents," I say, changing the subject while my fingers work at the tension in her neck.
"They died in a plane crash. It was one of those small planes, and my dad's friend was the pilot. Bad weather and pilot error caused the crash."
"Do you hate the pilot?"
"No."
"You should," I say, and Darla leans back against my chest.
"Do you wish someone caused your mom's death, so you wouldn't have to hate her?"
Her words are like a punch to the gut. If she were anyone else, I'd fucking hate her for being right. Instead, I study Darla staring at me with her big eyes and imagine what my mom might think about her. Darla is too curvy and inviting for a prim and proper woman like Rebecca Sheridan. My mother also didn't approve of public displays of emotion, and Darla is often a walking ball of feelings. No, my mom would certainly not approve of Darla.
"I don't think her dying at someone else's hands would have helped much. I was too old when she died to romanticize her."
Darla's gaze darkens as if my sad sack childhood breaks her heart.
"Don't buy into your female need to pity me. I grew up in a nice neighborhood in a safe home and went to a good school. My father replaced his beloved first love with a second wife a year later. My step mom treated me like a hero for remembering to put down the lid after a piss."
Darla's gaze softens, and a smile spread over her lips. "Do you want to stop talking or can I ask more questions?"
"Ask away, beautiful."
"Is your father mad that you didn't go into the Navy?"
Skimming her forehead with my lips, I smile. "I did go into the Navy. Went into SEALs training too but quit halfway through. Yeah, that part pissed him off."
"Why did you quit?"
"I didn't want some asshole bossing me around. In the military, even the toughest fuckers need to follow orders," I explain before taking her hand and guiding her out of the kitchen and into the living room. We sit on the couch where I wrap her in my arms possessively.
"I was lying in bed one day during training. My body hurt. My exhausted mind was racing. SEALs training is brutal, but I was doing well. Making my dad proud."
Pausing, I link my large fingers with Darla's short, slim ones.
"So I'm lying in bed and wishing I could sleep. I knew they might expect us to wake at any minute. I wanted to rest, but something was bothering me. Talking to myself in my head, I reminded myself that my dad and brother stayed tough through this same BUD/S training. I was following in their footsteps. That's when I realized I didn't give a shit. About being like them or making anyone proud. I refused to spend my life taking orders. I had skills, sure, but those skills didn't have to be put to use in the same way they were for Dad and Kevin. I could find my way, so I fucked up on purpose and got dropped from BUD/S. My dad wanted me to try again, but I was done with the military. As soon as I could get out without going AWOL, I took off and never looked back."
"What then?" she asks in a dreamy voice. Her head rests against my chest as she smiles up at me.
"Are you sleepy?"
"Your heartbeat is making me want a nap," she says without making any effort to move her ear away from my chest.
My gaze takes in the sight of her relaxed against me. Darla's hands rest against my stomach. With her legs curled up and feet hidden under a pillow, she looks ready for a nap. Her eyes are too bright, though. They stare at me as if I'm the sun, and she's been too long in the dark. I catch a smile at the curve of her full lips.
"What did you do after the Navy?" she whispers.
I open my mouth to answer until she takes my left hand and places it on her tit.
"How does one become a contractor?" she whispers again.
My thumb makes little circles against her nipple. The nub of flesh hardens under my touch. I imagine filling my hands with her full tits. Dreaming of touching and tasting all that flesh confuses my brain.
"Troy," Darla says when I remain silent.
"I took a job as a military contractor. Security jobs like I do now, but I was again following orders. A guy approached me about my skill set and thought I'd do well with jobs that were off the books. Liquidation is what he called it. I ended up going solo a year later and stayed that way until Minka kept showing up at the same jobs. We partnered up and worked on our own terms."
"You said you came to Houston because Rafael was starting the company. How did you meet him?"
"Years ago, Minka and I found ourselves snowed in at the Prague airport. Most people had found hotel rooms or were sleeping in the terminal. Minka and I knew better than to let our guards down on foreign soil especially after a job. So we sat in the airport bar, drinking coffee and watching crappy TV for two days. Rafael showed up and made small talk. After awhile, we knew he was like us. There was an unspoken knowledge that we were all contractors, so we played nice until flights were cleared again."
"And you became life long friends afterward?" she asks, squirming as I tug at her nipple.
"We ran into him several times over the next few years. Yeah, we got tight. Not a lot of people understand our type of work."
"I don't really."
"I'm glad. It isn't pretty."
"But you didn't kill anyone nice, right?"
"Nice?" I ask, grinning down at her. "No, nice people don't usually cause another person to pay to have them killed."
"You ever feel bad after a job?" she asks, taking my other hand and kissing the palm.
Hearing the rumble of an approaching thunderstorm, I don't answer right away. Darla glances towards the windows. A moment passes before her expression shifts, and I realize she's scared.
"Is it the noise or were you always scared of thunder?"
"Being up so high makes me worry. I know that's stupid, but I don't understand how storms work."
"Do you want me to tell you?"
"No, I want you to tell me if you ever felt bad after a job?"
"If I do, can we go into the bedroom and fool around?"
"Only if I can keep my clothes on."
"Where's the fun in that?"
Darla gives me a fake frown. "I'll lose my panties, but everything else stays on. Take it or leave it, stud."
Grinning, I sigh. "Can I take off all my clothes? I like when you get handsy and feel me up."
Darla bites her bottom lip as I continue playing with her still hard nipple.
"Tell me and we'll go to the bedroom."
My dick is too hard for me to sit comfortable, so I adjust on the couch. Darla watches me with an unreadable expression. Does she know how crazy she makes my body? Will my hunger scare her? If my story doesn't impress, will she change her mind about the bedroom?
"The only time I felt bad was when I was hired by a woman named Ananta in India. When she was a teen, a man wanted to marry her sister, but their parents felt he was unworthy of the match. Angered by this rejection, the bastard threw acid on both girls. Her sister died from an infection afterward, but Ananta survived and eventually became a successful engineer."
Darla watches me with a horrified expression. I stop playing with her now uninterested nipple.
"She hired me to get revenge, but not on the man who hurt her and killed her sister. It'd been twenty years since the day he attacked them. He was now a sickly homeless man. Hurting him would give her no sense of vengeance. Instead, she wanted me to go after the man who did the same thing to a girl a few weeks before she contacted me."
Darla's lower lip trembles, and I wish I hadn't told her this story. Better to have lied and kept her smiling.
"Did you kill him?"
"No. Ananta didn't want him dead. She wanted him to suffer as she and the girl suffered. I tortured the guy and then mutilated him so that he would be an example to others. People knew the girl's family didn't hire the American since they had no money. The locals claimed the government was hiring Americans to eliminate bad seeds like the man. Of course, if the government had just put the asshole in prison, he wouldn't have been around for me to fuck up."
"I'm glad you hurt him."
"Me too. I don't specialize in torture, and I don't normally hack people up. With him, though, I didn't mind, and I didn't take the payment from Ananta. I considered hurting him as my good deed for the decade."
A fire burns in Darla's eyes. Hating this man as much as she hates Locke, she hungers for vengeance. Then as quickly as it appears, the anger is gone. She smiles softly at me.
"Let's go to the room," she says, standing up. "I want to clean up first. Will you please wait for me in there?"
"Do you really expect me to say no?"
A teasing smile on her face, Darla sways back and forth. "Probably not but I was taught manners."
Spinning on her heel, she hurries out of the room and down the hall. I'm quick on her tail, but she hides in the bathroom before I can catch her.
I crawl onto the bed and nuzzle my lips on her pillow. Her scent sets my damn body on fire. Whatever Darla wants from me, I'll give her. Whatever stands in our way, I'll destroy. This woman is magical in a world with no magic, and I refuse to give her up.

35
~~~
Darla
A Woman Reborn
I change into a long nightgown with the intention of making access to my nether region easier. The plan is so simple until I worry about Troy wanting more than I can offer. What if he takes off the nightgown? Will I be able to stand up to him? Will I give in and hate him afterward? Will I freak out and ruin everything between us?
If I change my mind about fooling around, I could anger him. If I go along with fooling around to make him happy, I might be the one who ends up angry.
Or maybe it'll all be fun and easy. Or maybe we'll break up, and I'll never see him again. Are we even together? I know I'm falling in love with him. I don't care what he's done in the past. I don't care if he once loved Minka, despite them both claiming they were never in love. I don't care about anything except how he makes me feel right now. Tomorrow isn't promised. Neither of us could see another sunrise. Why should I make things so complicated?
Because this is who I am now. Always a bit indecisive, I now freeze whenever the choice isn't clear. Like this moment in the bathroom, when I sit on the toilet and think for too damn long until both choices feel simultaneously perfect and horribly wrong.
"I'm going to turn on the TV," Troy says at some point. "I'll strip down, so you'll have a reason to be lured out of the bathroom."
When I poke my head out at him, I find Troy's jeans spread out on a chair while his shirt is somewhere out of sight. He's only wearing boxers, and his hard cock is barely contained in the fabric. Troy notices me watching him.
"Did you pick this furniture?" he asks, crawling on the bed and giving me a great view of his ass.
"No," I mutter.
"Do you like it?"
"Not really."
"Good. I hate it. Feels like stuff a pompous ass would want to surround them."
"Vern's decorator picked the furniture."
"Oh, then I stand corrected," he says, giving me a wink.
I force a little smile. He looks comfy on the bed, and I sense I'll be comfy too. I can't move, though.
"What's wrong, baby?"
Irritation breaks through my stupor. "Don't call me 'baby' please."
"Sugar?"
"You sound like a diner waitress."
"Honey?"
"Same thing. Might as well tell me to 'kiss your grits' next."
Troy laughs while stretching out on the bed. "Pumpkin?"
"Only if we're doing age play, and I'm calling you 'Daddy.'"
"Yeah, I don't see that happening, darling."
"That one you can keep."
He gives me a soft smile betrayed by his hungry eyes. "Are you alright?"
"Yes."
"Are you lying?"
"Yes."
Troy rolls over on his back and stares at the ceiling. "Even though it's fucking unfair, I promise to get buck naked while you wear whatever you want to wear."
Studying him, I say nothing until he glances at me. Our gazes meet, and I believe he won't push me too far. Troy understands I'm fucked up, yet he still can't get enough. I wonder if that means he's falling in love with me too.
I step out of the bathroom, wearing my floor-length flannel nightgown. Troy's gaze never leaves my face.
"Why are you scared?"
"I thought too much about what could go wrong."
"Worried about leg cramps, darling?" he teases while rolling off the bed.
I stare at him, saying nothing. He's gorgeous, and I know he'll be gentle. I'm scared, though.
A small smile lingering on his lips, Troy cups my face and studies me. "I got the hiccups the first time I had sex."
Grinning, I run my fingers through his dark chest hairs. "How did that workout?"
"Well, the girl laughed at me. I guess it's better than having her laugh at my dick."
"I actually got a leg cramp the first time I had sex. The lazy bum made me be on top, even though I was a virgin, and he was a slut."
"Did you come?"
"Not with him. An hour late at home, I did."
Troy's smile widens. "I like thinking about you making yourself come. Was it dark in the room?"
Nodding, I step closer until we're only an inch apart.
"Did you use your fingers?"
Nodding again, I smile at his hungry expression.
"Did you lick them first?"
"Yes, just like you did with me."
Troy groans quietly at the memory of us in the living room. He leans down and sucks at my lips for only a moment before whispering, "I want to taste you again."
"Please."
"Is that a 'yes please?' Or a 'no please?'"
"Yes please."
Troy wraps an arm around me, guiding me to the bed while his lips suck at mine. When my tongue licks at his lips, he moans again and sucks it.
My body acts sex starved. Nipples hardening, belly tightening, and pussy warming, I can't remember why I was so afraid. What could possibly keep me away from this man?
Troy doesn't rest me on my back. He wants me to crawl onto the bed, so my butt is in the air. I don't like the idea of being exposed, but I realize he can touch me easier without taking off my nightgown. Sexy and smart, Troy has a plan.
Still a bit nervous, I rest on my elbows and cradle my head in my hands. My nightgown remains down around my thighs as Troy kisses my covered back and hips. When he lifts the fabric, I inhale sharply. Troy's breath on my pussy quickly erases my fears. I'm so wet already, and he hasn't even touched me yet.
Troy fingers slide down my slit, gently spreading the hot flesh. I close my eyes and shiver at the way my body needs so little to burn into overdrive. With Troy, I am oversexed.
His tongue slides up the slit, stopping only to tease my asshole.
"No," I moan, but I don't mean no.
"Stop no or..."
"Don't stop," I clarify immediately.
I hear Troy laugh quietly at my desperate tone. Knowing I'm putty in his hands, he wants me to remain that way. Deeper and deeper his tongue slides into me. Sucking on my clit, his lips bring me close before he licks again. Troy doesn't want me to lose control just yet.
His fingers find a perfect rhythm against my clit while he drowns in my wet pussy. I nearly come a dozen times before he finally allows me to submit. His fingers now thrust steadily into my pussy while his thumb teases my asshole, Troy sucks at my clit until I tear at the sheets and struggle not to scream in relief. The orgasm hits me hard, reaching an almost unbearable peak before settling into hot waves of pleasure.
"Tell me you're a goddess," he says, leaning over me now.
Smiling, I suck his wet fingers into my mouth and taste the pleasure he gave me.
"I'm a goddess. You're a miracle."
Troy kisses my cheek before nuzzling my hair. "I want to make you come again."
I feel his erection between my legs. He remains patient even while aching for relief. Troy needs me to say yes.
Smiling at him over my shoulder, I whisper, "I want to feel you come inside me again."
As if my answer wasn't certain, Troy sighs in relief. He slides the head of his cock along my drenched slit until I'm wiggling my ass in anticipation. With one hard thrust, he fills me completely.
A woman in heat, I can't think past the ache between my legs. Troy leans forward and nuzzles my back while his hips move rhythmically. Sliding his thick cock from my pussy until only the head remains, he thrusts back into me unrelentingly. I'm unable to keep pace with his hips. My only choice is to hold on tightly and enjoy the hard fuck.
Troy's hands slip up my nightgown and find my bare breasts. I cry out when his fingers wrap around my nipples and pinch them. Troy won't relent. He fucks me harder, tugging at my nipples and whispering in my ear.
"Does your pussy want me to stop?" he asks, rolling my nipples harder until I moan my answer. "Is your pussy wet for me?"
"Yes," I whimper.
"The goddess needs to come," he whispers, moving one hand from my tit to my pussy.
The moment his fingers graze my tender clit, I make a noise somewhere between a moan and a sob. My body is wildly awake now but only for Troy. Without him, the darkness might destroy me. With him, I am a woman reborn.
36
~~~
Troy
Craving Only One Woman
Long after I leave her body and we relax in bed, Darla's cheeks remain flushed. I run my fingers over the warm, pink flesh. She's still wearing her nightgown, but I enjoyed exploring her soft skin earlier. I find myself smiling at the memory.
"How many women have you been with?" Darla asks softly.
I feel like she's shoved my balls into my gut. My fear of answering prevents me from doing anything more than smiling awkwardly. Darla smiles too, enjoying my discomfort.
"That many?"
"I hope you don't want a number because I don't know."
"I've been with two, not counting Locke. I don't count him."
"You shouldn't. Tell me about those two guys."
"Tell me about your last conquest."
"She's a goddess who makes me crazy. I think you'd like her."
Darla narrows her eyes. "Was she special to you? Is that why you won't tell me about the last one?"
"Far from it. I don't even remember her name."
"Gross."
Frowning, I sit up in bed and rest against the headboard. "I was bored, and she was willing. I know that sounds bad, but I'm a guy."
"Gross."
Seeing me from her point of view, I understand Darla's judgment. "Yeah, and she thought we were going to start dating. I felt like a fucking heel, knowing I didn't want to see her again. She had these big trusting eyes too. I was feeling shitty, so I lied and said if I ever came back to town that I'd hook up with her again." Pausing, I try to remember the girl's name. Ashley. Or maybe Ashland. Ashlyn? "Anyway, I can never go back to Fort Lauderdale."
"My sexual experiences were never all that meaningful, but I knew their names."
"Well, to be fair, I knew her name at the time."
"Gross."
"Would apologizing help?"
"To her?"
Grinning, I sigh again. "I didn't believe in love, but I never had trouble believing in lust."
"I believe in lust too. I've had a bad case of it since you walked into the apartment the first day."
Darla's gaze washes over my chest and stomach. My mind isn't on lust, though.
"My dad loved my mom," I say quietly, "I have no doubt about that, but he replaced her so easily. I never trusted the idea of love after that."
"Parents are awful, aren't they?" she teases, rolling onto her back and pulling the covers over her face. "I should have asked about your health before we had sex. Should I worry about my vagina falling out now?"
Darla's laughter both annoys and invigorates me. I don't want her thinking of me as a sex-crazed pig without control over his junk. Yet a half hour earlier, she was terrified in the bathroom. The fact that she even came out to talk to me was a huge step. Now she's laughing so hard she snorts.
I pull back the blankets and frown at her. "I wouldn't have slept with you if I wasn't clean."
"Clean," she mumbles, laughing again.
Crawling back under the blankets, I wrap my arms around her. "You get silly after sex."
"Not usually. It's probably the drugs."
"Or the incredible fucking."
Darla smiles at me. "You've made me come with your fingers, mouth, and dick. I feel you've thoroughly proved your worth as a lover. I shall keep you."
Now I laugh. "You sound drunk."
"I think I came too hard the last time. Might have popped a few brain cells."
Still laughing, I crawl over her. The nightgown rides up as her bare legs slide against mine. The feel of her skin makes me painfully hard.
"You want me dumber, huh?" Darla says, her fingers teasing the hairs on my chest. "What if I need to do math in the future?"
"Get a calculator," I whisper, kissing her.
Her legs wrapping around me, Darla laughs against my lips. I wait for her to freeze or ask me to back off. In this dimly lit room, she remains relaxed in a way that makes me wonder if this is the real Darla. If so, I could really get used to her looking at me with such need.
37
~~~
Darla
Utterly Owned
The day slips away. I feel the burden of my captivity lift off me whenever Troy is nearby. I almost forget Locke exists in the world. The threat of him lingers in my thoughts, though. I'm worrying again when I talk to Shelley later in the evening while Troy and Minka share security notes.
"I'm in love with Troy," I whisper into the phone as I hide in the bedroom.
"Are you sure?"
"What does that mean?"
"It's been an awful year, and he's handsome and protecting you. I just don't want you to read too much into what could be something different than you're thinking."
Pissed at her reaction, I say nothing for a minute. Finally, I sigh. "Is this because I asked why you loved Vern?"
Shelley laughs, startling me. "You were such a shit back then."
"Well, Vern's a..." I pause to choose my words carefully. "He's a complicated man."
"Yeah, complicated. I'm just not as shallow as you."
"I am shallow. Can't argue you about that."
"Does Troy love you?"
"I don't know."
"Have you asked?"
"No way. What if he says no?"
"What if he says yes?"
"I might even feel worse. I'm already overloaded with the pressure of getting up every day and acting normal. Adding his love could prove too much."
"Does he seem like he cares for you?"
"Yes."
Shelley is quiet for a long time. "Did you... Have you slept together?"
"Yes."
"Wow."
"What?"
"I just didn't think you'd ever have sex again."
"Me neither but my lust was too strong."
"He is very attractive."
"Yeah and he's patient at times. Pushy at others. Never mean, though. I'm still getting to know him, but I already love him."
The more I say the words aloud, the more real they feel. The more painful they feel too. He isn't a Vern-type man, living a safe life. Troy searches for trouble. I don't know if he could ever enjoy a life in Houston where he wasn't hunting or being hunted.
"What do you do now?" Shelley asks, and I hear John talking in the background.
"I don't know. A week ago, I was drugged up and wearing sweats in the heat. Now I'm conscious and having sex. I really don't think I'm the person to ask about what'll happen next week, let alone next month or year."
"True. Just enjoy what you have."
"Before he gets bored and dumps me, right? Is that what you mean?"
"Don't get pissy with me, Darla."
"Yes, Mom."
Sighing, Shelley tells her son to stop bugging her while she's on the phone. I don't blame John for wanting her attention. I miss being around Shelley too.
"They have Locke's real name," I tell her. "They're trying to find him. Soon things will settle down, and we can see each other again."
Shelley makes a strangled squeal. "Oh, Darla, why didn't you start the conversation with that info?"
"Because it's not a done deal, and I didn't want to get your hopes up like I just did."
"You'd be finally, truly free from that freak. We could find you somewhere more comfortable to live."
"The apartment is nice."
"It's not your style. Up high like that and in the loud city. It works for now, but I know it'll never be a home for you."
"You do know me," I say, crying suddenly. "I don't know why I'm upset."
"You're overwhelmed."
Wiping my eyes, I mumble, "I am. I haven't taken a tranquilizer in days. I feel really exposed in these new clothes too. Plus, I stood up to Doctor Parker, and now I'm feeling judged even though she didn't say anything negative to my face."
"I wish I could hug you right now."
"Blow off your responsibilities and drive here."
Shelley is quiet while trying to figure out if I'm serious. When she realizes I wouldn't expect her to bail on her kids, she sighs.
"Maybe Troy can hug you."
Still sniffling even though the crying is over, I think about Troy's arms around me. My dark mood immediately lightens.
"You think I'm an idiot for falling for Troy, don't you?"
"No. I think you're brave. However, I do think you're an idiot for giving me attitude. I ought to ground you."
Laughing, I miss my sister so much. She's been the center of my life for so long that I don't know what I'd do if I had to leave her again. What if Troy wants to leave Houston and asks me to go with him?
Panicking at a question that hasn't been asked, I begin crying again.
"Darla, you need to settle down and relax tonight."
"I sit around all day relaxing."
"I mean relax mentally and emotionally. You're pushing yourself hard lately. You need to take a breather from trying to change and simply enjoy what you've accomplished."
"If I don't push myself, aren't I being lazy and weak?"
"You've always been lazy, so that's nothing new. You're not weak, though."
"Lazy, huh?" I mutter, pretending to be angry as I regain control over my tears again. As soon as I think I'm calm, my panic resurfaces. "What if Troy doesn't fit into our lives here in Houston? What if he wants to leave or doesn't like you or Vern?"
"Why wouldn't he like me?" Shelley balks.
"I don't know, but what if he does? Or what if he dumps me? What if he gets hurt or killed?"
"Stop thinking."
"I try, but then I see so many ugly possibilities. I almost wish I could pop a pill and forget about everything for a while."
"Then take a pill."
Saying nothing, I think of Troy's disappointment if I give into the darkness. Will he understand I'm tired from days of pushing myself? Or will he think the sex shoved me over the edge? I fear showing him how weak I feel. Yet the darkness offers comfort I desperately crave.
"If he's a good man, he'll understand."
"And if he doesn't understand?"
"Then you'll have an answer to some of those questions you're worrying about."
"Okay, but if he dumps me, you'll need to ditch your family and take care of me tonight."
"Deal."
Shelley and I share our farewells with lots of happy talk about our futures once Locke is dead. After hanging up, I wash my face and look for Troy.
Standing in the kitchen with Minka, he looks imposing... scary even. The irritation on his face tarnishes his boyish good looks. I assume they didn't find the smoking gun leading to Locke's current location.
"What?" he asks too roughly.
I flinch instinctively while Minka frowns at him.
"His people skills are tragic."
Troy grunts at Minka, who waves off his irritation. She walks away, disappearing into the second bedroom. Troy studies me for almost a minute before the anger in his expression disappears.
"Bad news?" I ask when he finally wraps me in his arms.
"No, just slow news. I want Locke dead yesterday."
"It'll be okay."
"I know but fuck."
When I lean my cheek against his chest, his racing heart betrays his calm exterior.
"I'm feeling weird today," I mumble. "Good and bad and overwhelmed. I'm taking a tranquilizer tonight if that's okay?"
Troy hears the hesitancy in my voice and his body tenses. "Weird, huh?"
"Overstimulated."
Troy surprises me by laughing. "Is that code for the naughtiness taking place earlier?"
"Naughtiness?" I mutter, frowning up at him.
"The incredible fucking, I mean."
"Oh yeah that, it was great. Now I'm feeling overwhelmed. You fucked me silly apparently."
"I like that," he murmurs, kissing me softly at first.
The kiss deepens and deepens until I'm utter mush in his strong arms. Barely able to stand by the time his tongue gives my lips a final lick, I shudder at how he owns me completely.
38
~~~
Troy
Neither Option
Darla takes a Valium and rests on the couch. She stares blankly for twenty minutes before her eyes close. I walk to her side and skim my fingers over her soft hair. She looks peaceful curled up under the blanket. I wonder if she'll dream of Locke or me. Preferably, she'll dream of me killing Locke.
In the extra bedroom, Minka sits with her long legs up on the table. She's digging into what smells like a meatball sub. Based on the splat of red sauce on her Go-Go's tee, she's eating the second half of the sandwich.
"Is your little angel sleeping?" Minka says with her mouth full.
Sitting across from her, I smirk, "Don't be a jealous hag."
Minka gives me a weird look and sets down her sandwich. I watch her wipe her mouth and take a drink. Through it all, she's still giving me the strange look. With anyone else, I might pull my gun, but this is Minka.
"You're not totally wrong," she says in a quiet tone.
"About what?"
"I am jealous of Darla."
"Why is that exactly?"
Minka runs her hands awkwardly through her nearly black hair. "I want you back."
"Fuck off," I say, rolling my eyes.
"I'm not playing. I think I made a mistake by ending things."
Studying her, I try to spot the lie in her dark eyes. She's a master deceiver, though. If Minka's messing with me, I can't see it.
"Oh, really," I say, planning to test her. "What do you miss the most?"
"The tenderness."
I frown darkly. "The what?"
"The way we sat quietly together sometimes. I remember how you'd brush away hair from my face."
"What about how you never loved me and being friends who fuck wasn't enough for you?"
Minka sighs, leaning back in her chair. "I thought we weren't in love, but I get jealous when I see you with Darla. I've never been jealous in my life. I think I fucked up ending what we had."
I still can't tell if Minka is conning me. She's that damn good. Either way, I know my answer.
"I didn't love you. Not romantically. I didn't love you then, and I don't now."
"Maybe we didn't really try."
"I didn't have to try with Darla."
When Minka's expression shifts, I think she might puke. "You're in love with her?" she balks.
"I don't know. Maybe. This thing with Darla isn't like anything I've felt before."
"You're falling in love?" she spits out, frowning darkly.
"I'm sorry to break your tender heart, but life is all about the disappointments."
Minka flips me off. "I can't believe you're in love."
"I can't believe you thought that lame move would work."
"I could want you back."
"Of course, you could. I'm me."
Narrowing her eyes, Minka reaches for her sandwich. "I was faking."
"Whatever you have to tell yourself, princess. Just don't go Glenn Close on me. I'd hate to drown and then shoot you."
"Like you could."
Smiling, I shrug at her certainty. "I'll let you think you could win. It's the least I can do after rejecting your sexy proposal."
"I was faking."
"Why would you do that again?"
"To test you. I wanted to see if this Darla thing is for real."
"Why would you care either way?"
"Uh, you're my best friend, you fucking turd."
"I'm overwhelmed by the friendship. It's hitting me in waves."
"That's the Thai I ate last night."
We both laugh before falling into silence while she finishes her sandwich. I check the cameras stationed around the building, spotting no one suspicious. In my gut, I sense trouble brewing. Almost as if I feel someone's eyes on us.
"I need to kill Locke," I mutter.
"You will. We're tracking down all his residences, friends, and associates. We have his business info, and Rafael has someone working on hacking into the main office's computers. Locke can't hide for long."
Scratching at the scar on my neck, I can't settle down. "At this point, he's frustrated his guys end up dead. He'll hit the building soon."
"I would."
"Nothing happens to Darla," I say in a hard voice.
"Settle down, big guy. We're pros. When Locke's fuckers come, we'll deal with them. If you let your heart rule your head, you'll fuck up. Stop being a love sick puppy and think like a damn contractor."
"Stop taking out your heartbreak on me. Although you have a point about me staying frosty. I just hate being locked down in an apartment. It's making me slow and stale."
"Always the same. We get a job with recon, and you go all squirrelly while we wait."
"And you pig out on carbs."
"I still look good," she says, wiping crumbs from her shirt.
"You've looked better."
We glare at each other before shrugging off the crankiness. Minka leans closer to the monitor, having spotted something. We both look at the people and cars passing by outside the building. Whatever Minka saw, she decides isn't a threat.
"You've considered how badly this Darla thing can end, right?"
"What are you bitching about now?"
"I'm being helpful."
Rolling my eyes, I gesture for her to continue.
"Darla is in a bad spot, and she's attached to you. Soon Locke will be dead, and she'll be free. Then maybe she won't be so attracted to you anymore. You're her rebound guy except in this case you're the guy who helps her transition from a pervert to a nice man like Vernon."
"She doesn't want a guy like Vernon. Who would?"
"Her sister does, and Shelley is just as Barbie doll hot as Darla. You'd be smart not to underestimate the allure of a man with a big bank account."
"So you're saying once I kill Locke and make life better for Darla that she'll dump me for a dork with a trust fund. Yeah, I should totally dump her first."
"That's not what I'm saying."
"You're really jealous of her, aren't you? Poor, Minka."
"Snotball."
"Only you could make that insult scary."
Minka grins. "I like Darla, and I want her to work out. I've always feared you'd end up with someone like your sister-in-law. You know, because of your mommy issues. Now I have no real issues with Heather. She's a fine woman, but her constant happiness would make me homicidal. So if you ended up with someone like her, I'd have to avoid you two, and we'd stop being friends."
"But Darla passes your test?"
"Yes, and not because she's quiet a lot. The other night before you got whipped and couldn't leave her side, Darla and I were sitting on the couch talking about ballpark hot dogs. Don't ask why but she gets really lively when debating appropriate wiener toppings."
"Darla likes you too. She thinks you're a super sexy badass. Ah, to be young and foolish."
Minka thinks about flipping me off, but her finger never fully extends. "I hope she wants you because you're her Ken doll, not because you're the first single man to exist around her after Locke."
Exhaling roughly, I struggle not to say something that'll piss off Minka as much as she's pissing me off.
"You dated me," I finally mutter. "I must have some decent qualities."
"Are you fishing for compliments?"
"Not from you, no. I'll wait until Darla wakes up and then quiz her."
Minka frowns. "I can do it. I mean, you have plenty of great qualities. You're tall, and you tan nicely. You're not bald, and your dick is nicely proportioned with your balls."
Laughing, I throw a ketchup packet at her that Minka easily smacks away.
"You're a good man, Troy. In fact, I warned Darla not to hurt you."
I think of Darla under me earlier in bed. Her eyes were so bright and beautiful as if she hadn't a care in the entire fucking world. Locke never crossed her mind while we moved together. Her heart and mind were right there with me the entire time.
Until Darla, I required little comfort in my life to be whole. Now I really only need her. Not for right now or a few weeks. My chest hurts whenever I think of losing her. If she outgrew me, I'd fucking die. Or would I turn into a psycho like Locke and keep an unwilling woman?
39
~~~
Troy
Instincts
Darla awakes from her nap and walks around in a dream state the rest of the evening. Even though she's willing to have sex, I only want to hold her. The pills make her spacey, and I don't know what she's really agreeing to when she says yes.
My mind racing with thoughts of Darla and Locke, I'm up until four in the morning. I consider how he scouted her on the cruise. I can't imagine him on the ship, so he must have people searching for replacement Roses.
Or had he picked Darla out of a swimsuit catalog? Did he see her in a boat show ad? Had he grabbed her from the cruise because he knew the authorities would waste time searching the ship and local area, not realizing she'd been spirited away to one of Locke's properties?
I try to imagine Locke's thought process, but he's a weak, rich freak. He's also likely mentally fucked. There's no understanding a man like him. I can only track and kill him.
Sleeping finally, I never hear Darla get up from the bed. She's long gone when I wake up and caress the cold side of the bed. In the living room, she and a sleepy Minka discuss the age-old question of whether dogs or cats make better pets.
"Troy doesn't like cats," Minka says, clearly knowing I'm awake and listening nearby.
Darla doesn't answer, and I sense she's bothered by Minka's comment.
"Cats make for crap protection," I mutter, pouring coffee. "Cats make better pets for lazy owners like me."
Darla twists on the couch to see me. I don't know what she's thinking, and I hate how I can't read her. She's digging into my every pore until I can't breathe without thinking of her. Yet she remains a mystery to me.
"If the lazy bum is finally ready to do his job, I'm heading home to catch a few hours of rest," Minka says, standing up and stretching. "I'll be back early this afternoon. I have a few things I want to bring over, so I'll need your muscles later to haul the crap from the car."
"Crap?" I ask, too grumpy to pretend otherwise.
"Security crap."
Minka gives Darla a smile before disappearing into the extra bedroom. She checks the monitors, grabs her keys, and leaves the apartment. I remain silent even after Minka is gone.
"Are you okay?" Darla asks, walking into the kitchen.
Her expression bothers me. Everything bothers me suddenly, and I know why now. I am falling in love with this woman, but I don't know what she's feeling or thinking.
"This isn't a job anymore," I say. "It hasn't been since the moment I saw you. I tried to stay focused on the assignment, but you're you. I can't see anything else."
"I know," she says, smiling easily.
"No, you don't. You know how to be close. You have Shelley and her kids. I only have Minka. With her, I always knew she might leave me. Maybe she'd get sick of working together or she'd find a man. I always expected to be alone, and I was okay with being alone. I can't do that now."
Darla blinks a few times, and I know she's nervous. She needs me to be strong so she can be strong. Right now, though, I don't feel strong. I feel like a scared fucking kid.
"When Locke is dead, and the job is over, I'm not done with us. I don't plan to walk away. You understand that, right?"
"Yes."
"Just yes?" I ask, thinking about how we fell together so easily. Of course, we did. Darla needs to feel safe, and I give her that feeling. She needs someone. How soon until she'll want someone who fits her life better? She could find a boring guy like Vernon with no sexy best friend or blood on his hands. Darla will say she's sorry and thank me for helping her when she was down. Then she'll walk away and never look back.
Darla shuffles away from me. "I don't know what you want me to say."
"Have you ever been in love? Do you know what it feels like for the other person not to feel the same way?"
Eyes darting everywhere as if searching for an escape, Darla balls her hands into fists.
"I don't know why you're saying these things."
"I dreamed of my mom last night for the first time in probably a decade. I'm not stupid. I know why I'm thinking of her. She was selfish and left me. I'm worried you're going to leave me too."
"Why would I leave?"
"Why wouldn't you?"
Darla stares at me horrified. I don't know why she's so afraid. When she backs away and flinches when I follow, I suddenly see myself in her eyes. Large and angry, I'm a man capable of taking a life without a second thought.
"You think I'd hurt you?" I ask in a rough voice. "You're playing with my heart, but I'm the scary one."
"I'm not playing with shit," she growls, a jolt of rage filling her eyes where the fear once lingered. "You had a bad dream. Why are you angry with me?"
"You won't need me when this job is over."
"Good. I don't want to need you like I do now. That's what Doctor Parker thinks. Maybe Shelley too. They believe I only want you because you protect me. They're wrong. I want you because you're funny and gentle and hot as hell. You make me horny like no other guy ever has. You also piss me off when you accuse me of causing your bullshit."
Wearing a tight smile on my face, I run my hands through my hair. "Love sounds nice, but it's some scary shit."
"Not all hearts and poems, huh?" she says, relaxing her hands. "You scared the shit out of me."
"Why?"
Protecting my feelings, Darla doesn't answer. I lean against the kitchen island and sigh loudly.
"These are just words, and you can choose to believe them or not. I want you to know that I will never raise a hand to you. I'm a killer, but I don't kill out of rage. I don't lose my temper and lash out. You can piss me off and make me crazy. You can tear me apart and break my heart, but I will never hurt you. I'm not a monster."
"I know," she says softly, stepping closer. "I do know what kind of man you are, and my heart trusts you won't hurt me. My head doesn't always remember where I am and who I'm with if that makes sense. I forget and revert to fear because it's comfortable."
Inching closer to her, I study her face. "You know I love you."
"I do now."
Grinning like an idiot, I sigh again. "I guess I should have said it better."
"Why?" she asks, taking my hand. "Why do things have to be all sappy and romantic? Why can't they just be?"
"I do love you."
"I love you too. When Doctor Parker tried to crap on us being together, I knew I couldn't walk away."
"Loving you didn't scare me until I thought about losing that."
"I'm afraid too," she says, blinking back tears. "You could get bored of me. Or sick of me. I'm not exactly the pick of the litter."
"You're gorgeous, and I'm shallow. You're tough, and I like chicks who push back when I'm an asshole. You like the quiet, and I need quiet too," I say, wrapping her in my arms. "I'm not blind either. I see you pushing yourself for me. Not taking a pill here or flashing me those sexy forearms. When you do those things, I want to give you the world."
"Are you mad that I took a Valium last night?"
"Not mad. Only worried I'm pushing you too hard."
"You are pushing me too hard."
Frowning, I kiss her forehead. "I'm an impatient man. I want Locke dead yesterday, and for you to feel safe. I forget the world doesn't bow to my fucking will."
Darla stares up at me. "I might never feel safe or be healthy again. Killing Locke is great because he's an evil shit, but there's no easy fix for me."
"I know."
"Do you really? I don't think you or Shelley understand. You both think I need to have time and maybe therapy."
"How do you know we're wrong when it's been such a short time?"
"I don't want you getting your hopes up," she says, trying to pull out of my grasp.
"Why? Life is all about the ups and downs. I'm willing to accept the downs if the ups are worth it. With you, the ups are perfect."
Even grinning, Darla rolls her eyes. "Perfect, my ass."
"This ass, you mean?" I ask, reaching down and cupping her curvy butt.
"I might never let you see me naked."
"I'll survive."
"I'll remember you said that when you get annoyed and dump me."
"I'll remember you said that when I don't get annoyed and dump you. My memory's better."
"True."
My swelling cock makes thinking damn impossible, but I force myself to think about something beyond fucking.
"I have to kill Locke," I mutter, staring into her eyes.
"You will."
"And if I don't? What if I fail?"
"You won't."
"Promise?" I ask, startling myself by the fear in my voice.
Darla studies me and nods. "I promise."
Logically, her words have no power. In my heart, they do, though. I need Darla to believe in me because I'm beginning to doubt myself. Killing Locke has become personal, and I don't know how to work with a lack of perspective. My contractor instincts are shot.
40
~~~
Darla
Owning Everything I Am
Troy is on edge all morning. He paces back and forth from the living room to the spare room. I know he's checking the cameras for suspicious activity, but he won't admit he's nervous. While he paces, I work on my puzzle. I've nearly finished my masterpiece, leaving the entire coffee table filled with my work.
When I set in the final piece, I look at Troy, who stands in the kitchen.
"I finished."
"Super."
Frowning at his tone, I'm confused by his mood swings. We just talked about love. Now Troy acts as if he's ready to run.
"I was a homebody before Locke took me," I say, taking a picture of my puzzle to send to Shelley. "I never went anywhere or did anything without my sister and her kids."
Watching me with irritation in his beautiful eyes, Troy says nothing.
"After Locke is dead, I won't want to go out all the time or travel."
His expression is his only reply, and the message is clear. He wants me to shut up.
"So I guess I'll have to dump you," I say, breaking apart the puzzle and shoving the pieces into the box. "Or you could dump me, but I think I'd prefer to be the dumper."
Finding his voice finally, he steps into the living room. "What are you talking about?"
"You're bored now, so you'll be bored after Locke is dead. The sex won't be so exciting, and you won't have to save me anymore. So we'll break up, and you can have fun while I stay home and relax."
Troy stares at me, again refusing to get into a conversation. I finish putting away the puzzle and return the box to the pile Shelley bought me. Looking over the other choices, I choose one with a puppy chasing a cat through a field. A happy puzzle for an unhappy woman, I set it on the coffee table.
"I'm not bored," Troy says eventually.
"Could have fooled me."
"It's my job to remain on guard."
"Then you've done a shitty job until today because we sat and talked for long periods of time. Or we watched a movie or fucked. Yeah, lots of distractions, but now you can't spare a second to be nice."
"Nice?" he grumbles. Troy looks ready to say something more but decides against it.
Ignoring him, I dump the pieces on the table and begin working on the new puzzle.
"Darla," he says softly, stepping closer.
"Leave me alone."
"I need to keep you safe."
"Fine."
His fingers graze my cheek. "I don't think I could survive losing you. I'm not my father, and no other woman would fix my loss."
I stare up at Troy, who wipes the tears from my cheeks.
"You're my anchor out here in the world," I whisper. "I'm trying so hard not to give into the darkness, but it's safer when I hide in my head. Without you, I can't stay in the open. I know you don't understand."
"I do. I was a drunken mess for months. It was better than being sober and facing my demons. I know you're scared, but I'm right here."
"You don't feel right here sometimes," I admit, pressing his hand against my cheek. "You feel like you want to run."
Troy kneels down next to me. "What you're feeling isn't me wanting to run but a need to fight. I hate waiting around for the assholes to attack. I'd rather hurt them first. I can't though, so I get tense. It's not about wanting to be anywhere else. Once Locke is dead, I'll only want to be at your side. Not out partying or traveling or whatever. Just enjoying the quiet I have with you."
I ditch the puzzle and hug him to me. Troy holds me, but his embrace isn't tight enough. I need more of him. Despite his words, I fear losing what we have. I wouldn't even blame Troy for ditching me. I'm no saint and wouldn't want to care for a weak person. For Shelley, I would do anything. Now I feel the same with Troy, but I don't expect him to want to give up his freedom for me.
Troy takes a call while I sit back down on the ground. My thoughts are on Locke, and how he twisted me up inside until I can't even stand naked in front of the man I love.
An idea inspires me to retire to my bedroom. My head is too full of bullshit that I don't think I am brave enough to do what my heart wants. Hands shaking, I close all the shades in the bedroom and then throw a blanket over the spot where light still peeks through the window. Once the room is too murky to see in, I remove one piece of clothing after another. Each one feels like a heavy weight. Naked now, I'm convinced I'll fade away. Nothing holds me here except my hope to share everything with Troy.
Hearing him no longer on the phone, I call for him from the door. I stand back into the dark room and struggle to control my breathing.
"Darla, I can't see shit," Troy says, entering the room.
From the bathroom door, I beg, "Don't turn on the lights. Just stand still, and I'll walk to you."
Even suspicious of the darkness, he shuts the door. "What are we doing?"
Walking to him, I take his hands and rest them against my cheeks. "Even before Locke, I never imagined I'd meet a man like you."
"I never thought I'd love anyone. We both thought too small," he says, skimming my face with his thumbs.
Holding his hands, I lower them to my breasts. His fingers caress my bare skin and then he inhales harshly.
"You said I was pushing you too hard. I'm not pushing you for this, Darla."
"I know. I'm pushing myself. When we're together, I feel free. Locke's hold on me weakens, but I'm still afraid for you to see me. I can't have people looking at me, but I want this."
Troy's no more than a shadow in the darkened room, but I sense his many moods. He's tension fades, yet his uncertainty doesn't.
I pull his shirt over his head and wrap my arms around him. We both sigh when our bare skin makes contact. His fingers dance along my spine, exploring tenderly. I don't need to see his face to know Troy's waiting for me to change my mind.
My fingers reach for the button on his jeans. Again, he inhales roughly as if shocked by my courage. I remove his jeans and then his boxers before wrapping him in my arms again.
"We're both naked now. Is that really so hard?"
"You tell me," he teases.
With his erection trapped between our warm bodies, I slide up and down against him. My hard nipples sent shockwaves of pleasure as they dance against the rough hairs on his chest.
"You're everything," he whispers, kissing me hard.
I struggle to breathe against his passion. I think if he kissed me with any less urgency, though, I might feel rejected. Troy wants me in a way I can't imagine anyone feeling.
"I'm fucked up," I murmur as he sucks at my throat.
"Everyone's fucked. Who cares?" Troy picks me up and carries me to the bed. "I'm so fucking hard. I need you now."
I lean back on the bed while his lips latch onto my thick nipple.
"Troy," is all I can think to say.
His index and middle finger slide inside me, finding me wet. I've been aroused since the moment his warm fingers first grazed my bare body. Now I'm on fire, but one fuck won't be enough. Maybe not even a dozen will satisfy. I want to feel Troy against every inch of me. I want him to own me the way no other man ever could.
41
~~~
Darla
Choosing Denial
Minka is on edge when she enters the apartment. Troy follows her inside, carrying a duffle bag. I try to ignore their anxiety and work on my puzzle. Minka ruins this plan by standing next to me.
"Time to learn about a gun."
I stand up and look between the two of them for a sign of why they're so agitated.
"Is something happening?"
"Even though Saskia's friend took the job, Locke's gone quiet and hasn't responded to messages. Either he's giving up or going a different route."
"I don't think he'll give up."
"No, so he'll try something different. He'll stop waiting outside the building because he knows we're not taking you back out. Locke also might worry that the bank transfer to Saskia's friend could lead us to him."
Minka places a gun in my hand. The weight of it feels strange, and I can't imagine using the weapon on someone. Minka understands this fact because she takes it back and removes the bullets. She hands the empty gun back to me.
"Point it at Troy like you would if he was a bad guy instead of your sex slave."
Holding back laughter, I do as I'm told while Troy stands six feet from me. Minka moves behind me and checks at how I have the gun leveled.
"You're aiming at his pretty face, but I want you to aim lower. You want to shoot at the largest section of a person. Aim for Troy's chunky middle."
Troy frowns at her, but I only smile. "I just enjoyed you naked. I know you're not chunky, so stop pouting."
"Yay!" Minka cries, mocking him with her fake frown. "Big pouting baby."
"When someone comes at you," Troy says, ignoring Minka, "you can't waste time aiming. I know that sounds wrong, but you aren't properly trained and wasting time trying to hit a specific target will make you vulnerable. You just aim at the largest part of the person coming at you and fire at it. Shoot as many times as you feel necessary."
Tears burning my eyes, I struggle against the panic rising inside me. "You were going to teach me to shoot."
"At the range but that takes time. Even if we could drive back and forth without concerns about them attacking, you'd need dozens of lessons to be ready to shoot confidently. This tactic will help you in a pinch."
Lowering the gun, I step back. "They're coming, aren't they? They'll come in here and kill us all."
"No," Minka says instantly. "They'll come, and we'll kill them all."
"You hope. You don't know, though. I've brought the evil here, and it'll kill you."
Minka looks to Troy as if he has the power to fix my panic. He moves towards me and takes the gun from my hand. His arms around me do soothe some of my fear yet also reminds me of what I can lose.
"They're going to kill you," I whisper to him.
"No," he says with complete certainty.
Minka takes the gun while I sit next to Troy on the couch. He caresses my head pressed against his chest. His heart beats too quickly for him to pretend he's calm, Troy still manages to keep his voice steady.
"I love you, Darla," he says softly. "But you don't see me the way I really am. You look at Minka and me and think we're good people who want to protect nice people like you. You're blind to the blood on our hands."
Frowning at him, I want to disagree. I've imagined him in his former life as a killer many times. I remain silent though because I desperately want to calm myself. The panic rises and falls inside me until I think I'll start screaming and never stop.
Minka sits across from us. "We're not so different than the men hired to take you back to Locke."
"Yeah, we're just better at our jobs."
"If he'd hired us, we'd already have you back to him."
"Why are you telling me this?" I whimper.
"So you'll see things clearly," Troy explains. "When those killers show up to start trouble, they'll face killers. We're not cops, and we don't care about the law. As much as I don't want to hurt innocent people, the people in this room matter more to me than a stranger. I'll do whatever the fuck I have to do to keep you safe. So when you think about Locke being scary, you need to remember we're scarier."
I look at Minka and then back at Troy. Despite what they say, I can't imagine them as the bad guys. When I think of them killing people, I assume their targets were bad people. Naive or not, I refuse to think of these two people as monsters.
My silence leads Minka to check the cameras. She's tense but hides it better than Troy. His body remains tight, and his heart beats too quickly. The hard thumps remind me that even these professional killers worry about what's coming.
I suspect they're not really as scared of the bad guys attacking as they are of how I'll respond. I'm weak and easily frightened. Tears still wet on my cheeks, I promise myself I'll be ready when Locke's men attack. I'll do as I'm told, and I won't freak. As I did on the day I ran from Mister Pain, I'll remember to be Darla rather than Rose.
42
~~~
Darla
Storm Brewing
Downloading the Tom Petty song The Waiting, I set it on repeat while working on my puzzle. Troy smiles, but Minka doesn't. She claims Tom Petty's voice gives her menstrual cramps. I offer her some Midol and keep listening to the song.
An hour later, no one can take another chord. I turn off the music and eat chicken fried rice at the table with Minka and Troy. They take turns checking the security camera, and I imagine strapping on the bulletproof vest Minka brought to the apartment.
We play Uno for over an hour until Minka forfeits. "I've never played cards for this long, and it's a frigging kid game."
Troy studies me holding dozens of cards, and then he looks at his handful of cards. "You win. Can we stop?"
"No."
A long minute passes while Troy stares into my eyes begging for the game to end. The entire time I struggle not to laugh. Finally, I grin, and he knows I'm messing with him.
Troy stands from his spot on the couch and leans over to kiss me gently. Minka stretches nearby.
"I don't want to cramp your love life but leave the bedroom door open. If there's trouble, I don't want to waste time worrying if you can hear me."
"Sure, boss. Anything else you want to put your foot down about?"
"Hey, I'm all about teamwork, but I'm planning to live a long life like Sammy Popsicle."
Troy sits behind me on the couch and plays with my blonde hair.
"Who's Sammy?" I ask, glancing back at him.
"He's still an assassin even at 73 years young," he explains.
Minka laughs. "The guy's quite a character. He's been in the business for longer than Troy and I have been alive."
"He claims to be unkillable and says he's been shot, stabbed, electrocuted, drowned, and hung."
"Don't forget poisoned," Minka says, laughing. "He showed me the bullet wounds, so I know he's not completely full of shit."
Troy grins. "The guy is a legend."
"I'm assuming Popsicle isn't his real last name," I say.
"No, it's because he used to keep bodies on ice for other killers. That was during his family man period. He's had a few of them, but no Missus Popsicle ever lasted."
Frowning, I assume they mean he killed his wives, but Minka shakes her head.
"Apparently, Sammy ain't much of a lover. The women get bored and leave him. He's too big of a softie to kill his kids' moms."
"Unlucky in love," Troy says softly while staring down at me.
"If you ask me, a guy in his line of work shouldn't have a family. It's why I retired."
"Yeah, you're a fucking pussycat now," Troy mutters.
His expression makes me smile. Minka grins until the crack of thunder. Now she wears a cold mask that would scare the shit out of me if we were strangers and hadn't talked about feminine products two hours earlier.
Troy says nothing before leaving us to check the cameras. I turn my gaze to Minka and study the expression on her beautiful face. Ready to kill someone, she's forced to wait for her target to come into view. She and Troy are predators before a hunt. In their presences, I feel like a baby gazelle barely able to stand, let alone save myself.
"Do you think something will happen tonight?" I ask.
Minka nods. "I don't know why, but I feel it. Something about the silence online. Locke's lackey was very chatty online before suddenly going silent. In my gut, I feel them coming."
Troy returns to the living room. "The weather will give them better cover."
"They'll likely set off the fire alarm and force everyone into the halls and stairwells. In the chaos, they'll kill us and take you."
I glance at the front door. "What will we do?"
"We can't stay in the apartment if they set a real fire. In that case, we move you to the roof where we'll have the upper hand."
Instinctually, I look up at the ceiling and imagine us on the roof. "What then?"
"We kill them."
"What if there are too many?"
Troy caresses my head. "No worries. Minka took out half of a prison all by herself."
I look at her and then back at him. "What do I do?"
"Move when we say move. Hide when we say hide. Don't panic and don't run unless we tell you to."
My fear is in stark contrast to the vibrant excitement radiating from them. They want to fight, spill blood, and take lives. Troy and Minka are two sides of the same coin. I don't belong in their world. Or in Troy's bed, let alone his heart. Yet he looks at me as if I am the answer to the question he didn't know he asked.
43
~~~
Troy
Trouble Comes Knocking
Just after midnight during the height of the thunderstorm, Locke's minions set off the fire alarm to force everyone into the hallways. The sound startles awake a fully dressed Darla from her spot on the couch. I help her strap on a bulletproof vest and helmet. Her big eyes staring at me, she says nothing while I guide her down the hallway and into her bedroom where the small safe room waits.
"Lock the door and stay in here until I get back."
"I thought we were going to the roof."
"They didn't set a fire, just hit the fire alarm. Rafael and the team are only blocks away. The cops are on the way too. You'll be safe in here."
Darla's face twists up, and I know she's about to cry. I cup her cheeks.
"Trust me, Darla. I need to leave you, but I'll be back."
Swallowing her fear, she nods. I hand her a gun and step back.
"The team knows the code to the safe room. If you hear someone on the intercom claiming to work with us, and they ask for the code or want to come in, don't even answer."
Before I change my mind, I lock Darla into the safe room. I hurry back to the front hall where Minka waits for me.
"Take the stairwell," I say to Minka.
Her expression makes clear she isn't happy with this plan, but she doesn't argue. Splitting up might seem reckless except only six perps are making their way up the stairs. They're not professionals based on how long it takes them to notice the stairwell cameras.
Waiting for the stairwell door to open allows me to think of Darla. I wonder if leaving the gun was a mistake. Darla was half asleep and in a state of panic. I even left the safety on the weapon without reminding her how to switch it off.
I have no time to check on her. The door opens, and the first armed figure enters the dark hallway. I don't fire my gun, not until four perps move towards the apartment door. I pull on my gas mask and wait for Minka to report.
Minka speaks into her headset. "Two are holding back."
"Green light," I whisper.
Tossing the smoke grenade, I wait for one of the fuckers to open fire. I need this shit to look like self-defense before I unleash on the perps.
One figure fires a shot, allowing me to shoot back at him and the others. He goes down first and then the second asshole hits the ground.
Reloading, I hide around the corner while they return fire. 
"Two perps are making their move," Minka warns.
I hear the stairwell door open followed by Minka's gunfire. Breathing easily in the smoky hallway, I hear the remaining perps coughing in between firing blindly.
"Pushing out," I warn Minka while switching out weapons.
I open fire on the remaining perps who back up towards the stairwell. One of them hits the elevator button, thinking it might provide a better escape. I take him out with a shot to the chest. The final figure disappears into the stairwell.
"Headcount three," Minka says, shooting the last guy.
"Three here too. Keep steady in your position."
Moving quickly through the smoky hallways, I check each perp. One is dead while the other two are unconscious and barely alive. I yank off their ski masks but don't recognize them. I didn't really think Locke had the balls to show up himself. 
Once I separate the bodies from their weapons, I tell Minka the hallway is clear. I'm checking the stairwell when Rafael sends us the message that the cops have arrived.
"We've cleared the surrounding area," he says, sounding almost chipper. "Saskia grabbed a straggler down here. Based on Darla's descriptions, Saskia thinks this bitch might be Mistress Agony."
"Fucking A," Minka says, sounding as happy as Rafael.
"We're taking her back to the office for an interrogation."
Minka joins me in the hallway doorway. We keep an eye on the bodies to ensure no one gets frisky despite their injuries.
"We need to move Darla from this location," Minka says.
I frown. "Take her where, though?"
"With the cops and noise, she can't stay here."
Still on the radio with us, Rafael clears his throat to end our bickering. "I bought a second apartment in my building. It's furnished, and we have a grocery store downstairs. Move her there until we see what Saskia's new buddy tells us."
Before we can take the conversation further, the elevators open and police flow out. Forced to give up our weapons, Minka and I explain the situation several times before the officers settle down. I don't let them know about Darla locked in the safe room. She can't handle these trigger-happy cops banging on the door.
As soon as I see a chance to make an escape, I head to the apartment where I rearm myself. The fire alarm shuts off, leaving the world suddenly very quiet. I'm sure Darla is relieved about the relative silence, even if outside the storm rages.
I use the intercom to warn Darla that I'm opening the door. When silence meets me, a part of me fears she's harmed herself with the gun. Did she try to turn off the safety, causing the gun to go off? In her panic, had she decided death was preferable to whatever awaited her with Locke?
Opening the door, I find her standing in the same spot I left her. The trust I see in her eyes when she reaches for me is both intoxicating and terrifying.
44
~~~
Darla
Breaking Point
I can't breathe, yet somehow I don't pass out. Standing at the door of the safe room, I wrap my arms around my body and wait for Troy to return. A part of me that lives in the real world knows I might never see him again. He could be dead already.
The dreamer in me believes Troy is destined to be mine, and everything will work out. I embrace this lie long enough to calm my breathing.
The noise is overbearing. I can't focus or hear anything over the thunder and fire alarm. Is a gunfight taking place? Are the goons Locke sent just outside the safe room? Shaking widely, I want to fade into the darkness where the world disappears. I know the darkness offers only lies.
When I first arrived at Locke's home, I promised myself I'd stay strong, I was positive I would be free soon. Every day, I waited for something to happen and free me. Eventually, I stopped waiting. No longer did I wake up with hope in my heart. His house was my prison. I was Rose, and she only existed for Locke.
Waiting in the safe room, I hold on tightly to the promise Troy made to return to me. He can never be a monster in my mind, but I know he's perfectly capable of killing anyone he deems a threat. I imagine the way he comfortably holds a weapon. His body is hard and strong. His reflexes are shockingly fast. I think of how he snatched the licorice I threw at him in the gym. Troy exists in a world I don't know or understand. He kills easily and fears little.
His strength infected me from the very beginning. I've pushed myself harder so I could be ready for him. Even shaking like a leaf, I refuse to hide in the darkness of my mind. I force myself to remain in the ugly real world. This is the only place where I can have Troy, and he's what I want more than anything.
His voice is like music, and I nearly scream with relief when I hear him call my name. The moment he opens the door, I lunge for him.
"We need to go," he says, reaching around me to get my bag.
"Are they still coming?"
Troy says nothing while wrapping an arm around my shoulders and guiding me from the bedroom to the front hall.
"What's happening?" I whimper.
Minka stands at the door of the apartment. "The cops are here. Saskia and Rafael have moved the package. We need to get Darla out of the building now."
Troy nods, still oblivious to my questions. He moves me into the hallway, past the bodies and arriving officers, and to the elevator.
Without the fire alarm, the hallway feels too silent even with all the people talking. I glance back at Minka talking to an officer and see the face of one of the attackers.
Mister Punishment always laughed when the electricity rushed through me. I'd hear him cackling over my screams and begging. Torturing me was the only time I ever saw him smile.
Now he's dead.
Troy's voice doesn't break through the fog of my panic until we're in the SUV, and Minka is pulling out of the parking garage.
"It's okay," he says, but his voice sounds like someone else's.
We drive for a long time in the stormy night. I don't notice we've arrived until Troy helps me out of the SUV. Minka takes the lead out of the underground garage and into an elevator.
"Where are we?"
"Rafael lives here. He has a spare apartment that you'll stay at."
I think I nod, but my mind races with thoughts of Mister Punishment. Did he die quickly? Did he feel fear? Did he suffer?
The apartment smells like peaches and fresh paint. I pace a circle in the living room while Troy and Minka speak to a blonde woman with pretty eyes. I can't remember what they said her name was, but she's married to Rafael.
Once Minka leaves the apartment, Troy stares at me from the doorway. Like the sharks at the aquarium, I can't stop moving, even when he approaches. The reality of where I'm at and who I'm with means nothing. I only see Mister Punishment's dead eyes and know Locke will destroy me soon.
"Darla, look at me," Troy says, wrapping his arms around me. "You're safe now."
"No," I mumble, pushing him away.
Troy won't let me break free. "You need to stay here with Minka and Harlow while I deal with the woman Saskia caught."
I hear nothing more than a list of names. Troy cups my face and kisses me hard. I try to push him off, but he's unyielding. His angry lips soften when I relent. Relaxing in his arms, I think about how we made love all afternoon before Locke tore his way back into my life.
Holding me in his arms, Troy sighs. "I want to stay with you, but I need to handle this thing first. I promise I'll come back as soon as I can. Until then, you need to hold on."
I stare at him but see only the scar on his throat. He's been hurt before too, and I want to make his pain disappear.
"Stay with me," I whisper. "Let Minka go to the office."
"I can't."
"Why?"
"This woman they have might be that Mistress bitch, and I need to make sure she talks."
My mind flashes with thoughts of Mistress Agony cleansing me. She called me a dirty whore while scrubbing violently at my flesh. Now she's in Houston. Is Mister Pain here too? And Locke?
When I say nothing, Troy hugs me to him and caresses my hair. He wants to comfort me, but I'm spinning inside. Nothing feels real, even Troy's embrace.
Minutes later, he leaves me sitting on the couch where I remain for a long time. I press the buttons on the remote and search for something to watch. At some point, Minka sits next to me and says my name. I don't look at her. I only stare at the TV and push the buttons.
"Let me help," Minka says, taking the remote.
Only then do I realize the TV isn't on. Leaning my head back on the couch, I stare at the ceiling.
"Sorry."
"You're tired," she says softly, stroking my hair. "You need to rest."
"The bed is made up."
I look up at Rafael's wife and frown, wishing I remembered her name.
"This is Harlow," Minka explains, sensing my confusion. "She lives with Rafael across the hall."
When I say nothing, Minka continues, "Troy won't be back for a few hours. You might as well rest while he's gone."
"I'm not tired," I mumble, even as my eyes sting from fatigue.
Minka doesn't push the matter. She turns on TV Land and sits quietly next to me. Harlow remains in a nearby chair. The silence feels nice as my mind wanders over random memories from my life. My grandparents dying a year apart. Shelley's wedding. The births of my nephew and niece. The first day I hoped to die. The memories feel vague, yet still break my heart. Will I ever be as healthy as I was before Locke?
I don't realize I'm crying until Minka comforts me. She leans me against her chest like a mother soothing her child. I miss seeing my sister anytime I want. I miss my grandmother who was the only mother I remember. I miss my innocence.
Most of all, I miss Troy, but he left me.
"Why isn't he here?" I whisper, crying against her. "Why did he have to go instead of you?"
"Because he's scared and doesn't know how to deal with that fear. Focusing on Locke is easier than dealing with the unknown."
Her words make no sense to me. I asked him to stay, but he wanted to leave. Killing bad people is what Troy knows. Can he ever build a life where death isn't his first priority?
"He loves you," Minka promises.
I want her words to be true. Troy would have stolen my heart even if he wasn't saving me from Locke. If we met under any other circumstances, I'd have followed him like a stupid love struck ninny. He's special, and I knew immediately.
Yet I don't feel special. The darkness tells me I'm only a fucked up victim in need of saving. Otherwise, I'm completely ordinary. I have no value to Troy except as a project. If he destroys the enemy and I'm truly safe, why would he ever stay with me?
45
~~~
Troy
Terrible Truths
Leaving Darla kills me. She's fucking spiraling, but I don't know how to help her. I do know the woman Saskia caught has information about Locke. If we break the bitch, I can finally give Darla some peace. So I leave her at the apartment with Minka and Harlow.
Rafael meets me in the office's parking garage. His steely gaze calms my nerves.
"Saskia is about to begin," Rafael says as we walk into a back room set up for interrogation.
"What's happening with the police? Do they expect to talk to Darla?"
"They're cleaning up the mess and tracking down IDs right now. Tia and Manny are working to keep them off our backs for the time being. I'm sure the cops are pushing for interviews in the morning especially with you and Minka."
"Going legit had its downsides."
"We called them in when shit was going down. They appreciate when we pretend they're useful. So far, the authorities are behaving. I suspect they're hoping we end this crap for them, and they can stop looking stupid to the press."
"Fuck them and the press," I mutter, scratching at my scar. "Can Saskia handle this bitch? If she's the Mistress Agony that Darla mentioned in her original statement, the bitch is closely tied to Locke. She'll know where he is."
Rafael gives me a weird look, and I realize I'm stating the obvious. Sighing, he crosses his arms.
"Saskia is the daughter of one of the scariest women I've ever met. The Maven mutilated people and then set them free as a warning to her enemies. Saskia won't be intimidated by a pervert's employee."
"I guess."
"Maybe you should return to Darla. There's nothing for you to do here until we verify info from Mistress and locate Locke."
I think of Darla pacing around in a circle like a crazed animal. She needs to take a pill and forget about the real world for a while. I should have told her to take a Valium, but I was in such a hurry to leave.
"I want to see this woman suffer first."
Rafael and I watch through a two-way mirror as Saskia enters the room where Mistress remains strapped to a metal chair. The bitch is probably in her 40's. Her thick, dark hair hangs loosely around her drawn face. I notice her brown eyes sharpen when Saskia approaches.
"I will be the one extracting information from you," Saskia says softly.
"Fuck off. I'll tell you nothing."
Running her fingers lovingly over a table full of torture tools, Saskia glances back at Mistress.
"They call me Little Maven. Don't worry if you haven't heard of me. You and your master live outside the confines of my world, but allow me to explain what will happen."
Saskia turns to Mistress and stares emotionlessly. "You will tell me what I want to know. Everyone talks eventually. If the roles were reversed, I would talk too. People can't help talking when the pain becomes unbearable."
Mistress presses back her shoulders and lifts her chin defiantly. Saskia shows no reaction at all. She might as well be waiting in line at the bank.
"There are two kinds of torture. The sort where the victim lives, and the sort where the victim dies. We have no intention of allowing you to live, which allows me great latitude on how to extract the information."
Mistress adjusts to the reality of dying at the end of the process. In her mind, she might have expected us to lie about her future. I have no stomach for torturing women, yet feel no pity for Mistress. Darla mentioned in passing how Mistress's job was to "clean" her. Based on the way she said the words, the cleaning process wasn't as simple as a shower.
"Before we begin, understand that you alone decide how long the pain goes on. If you provide the information, and we find it sufficient, you will die quickly. If you choose to hold out, I will continue my work."
"Darla ran into the arms of monsters," Mistress declares.
Saskia refuses to react, and I wonder if she's ever reacted. Was she always so cold? Did she ever flinch at the nature of her work? I'd been raised as a normal person and only embraced death as an adult. Saskia likely always viewed death with the indifference of a killer.
Holding a power drill in her hand, she presses the button for a moment. The whirling sound startles Mistress.
"It's important for you to remain alive long enough to provide the information. This drill is painful, but it will not kill you," Saskia says, stepping closer to Mistress. "I don't want to give you any false hope of dying in the process. You will remain alive until I've deemed your information sufficient."
"Fuck you, whore."
Saskia approaches her with the drill. "I will begin with your knees. If at any time you wish to end your suffering, you are free to share everything you know about Christopher Baker."
Mistress flinches when she hears Locke's real name. She flinches again when Saskia presses the button on the drill.
I watch Saskia work until the screams become too much. My unease isn't from pity for the bitch in the chair. I want her to suffer. I want them all to fucking suffer for what they did to Darla and the Roses before her. Yet wanting them to suffer and finding any pleasure in that suffering are two very different things.
"I'm going back to the apartment."
"Good," says Rafael.
"Wouldn't you come here if it was about finding Harlow's tormentor?"
Rafael stares hard at me out of habit. "There's more to saving your woman than spilling blood. You know how freaked out Harlow was when we moved to Houston. She hated being away from her family, so I stayed with her. I didn't just assume she'd work shit out on her own. If you want Darla to get healthy, you need to learn to be more than a killer."
"I know all that."
"Explain to me why Minka stayed with Darla instead of you when you knew Saskia would handle this bitch."
Pulling out my car keys, I sigh. "Fine. I get it."
"Watching Darla freak out isn't easy, but she needs you to be strong enough to let her cry on your shoulder."
"I don't know that I'm strong enough to make Darla happy."
"Then dump her."
"Asshole," I mutter, walking away.
"It's not complicated. Either take a shit or get off the pot."
I say nothing before walking to my car. The thunder and lightning taper off by the time I reach the apartment. I'm soaked anyway, but the warm rain feels good. I imagine taking Darla out into the early morning and let her enjoy what remains of the storm.
Minka answers the door and glares at me. "You ran away like a bitch."
Ignoring her accusation, I enter the apartment and look for Darla in the open concept living room and kitchen.
"Saskia is extracting the info now."
"I know."
"Where's Darla?"
"I convinced her to rest, but I don't think she's asleep. I hear her pacing around in the bedroom."
"Did she take a Valium?"
"No. She's running hot and won't cool down. She's going to have a major freak out soon."
"She's already freaking out," I whisper, walking towards the bedroom.
"No, she's trying to keep her shit under control. You're not helping matters."
"Save the lectures, Mom."
Leaving Minka in the hallway, I enter the bedroom. I don't see Darla, but the bathroom light is on. Unsure if I should call out her name, I worry about startling her.
I find Darla sitting on the bathroom floor, holding a pair of scissors. She's cutting into the floor between her legs. Chunks of her clothing and some of her hair rest next to her.
I kneel down and whisper her name. When she doesn't react, I say it again louder. Finally, she looks up at me wide-eyed.
"I'm not Rose," she mutters, hacking into the tile floor with the scissors. "I'm clean."
I reach out for the scissors. "I know. Let me have those."
"Fuck off," she hisses, grabbing her hair and cutting off another lock. "You don't know me. The smell isn't me. I'm clean."
"Darla, I love you."
"Now, you do. But what about when I hack off all my hair and gain a hundred pounds? No, you'll want me to be someone pretty and weak. Just like Locke wanted me to be Rose."
Standing, I think about asking Minka to handle Darla. I'm not emotionally equipped to deal with this woman's pain. Hell, I can't even deal with my own. I just drank my way through the worst of it and then pushed the rest deep inside. How in the fuck am I going to fix all the sadness and rage ripping up Darla?
"Do you remember the first time we met?" I ask, sitting down next to her and snatching away the scissors. "I couldn't even see your face, and you were wearing those giant sweats."
Darla glares at me with her exhausted eyes. She looks at my hand holding the scissors.
"I'm not saying you aren't beautiful, but you're more than beautiful to me. You make me feel things no other beautiful woman does. I'll still feel those things if you're bald and three hundred pounds."
We sit quietly for a few minutes. Darla's rapid breathing slows before I hear her let out a whimper.
"I fucked up my hair," she whispers, touching the ragged ends.
I reach over and cup her cheek. "It's just hair."
"I'm not dirty."
"No, you're not."
"That man by the elevator was Mister Punishment."
"Dead was a good look on him."
Darla forces a smile. "I want to sleep forever."
"How about we just sleep for a few hours instead?"
Scooting closer, she leans against me. "I don't know what I'm doing anymore."
"Neither do I," I whisper, caressing her mangled hair. "I shouldn't have left you tonight."
Darla looks up at me. "Mister Punishment hurt me so many times, and he always laughed. Seeing him out there made me feel like nothing had changed. As if running hadn't freed me at all." Her voice cracking, she trembles in my arms. "He could have killed you."
"But I killed him first. Just like I'm going to kill Locke."
Eyes heavy, Darla nods. "You killed him."
I get to my feet and lift Darla to hers. "Let's rest."
"Is that lady Minka talked about...? Is the lady Mistress Agony?"
"Yes. She will never hurt anyone again."
Climbing into bed next to me, Darla nods, "I fell apart tonight. I don't know why I didn't see that coming."
"When you wake up later, things will make more sense. If they don't, you can take a pill and rest more. Soon, the monsters that hurt you will all be dead, and life will get easier."
"Your clothes are wet," she murmurs.
I climb out of bed and strip down before sliding under the covers. Darla watches me while I pull the blankets over us.
"This apartment is nice," I murmur when the silence goes on for too long.
"I don't want to be Rose anymore."
"You never were Rose. It was a lie."
An exhausted Darla nods. "I wish you were inside me. I like when you touch me."
"Later when you're not half asleep."
Eyes half closed, Darla smiles. I realize how I deprived her of the only thing she really craves. She doesn't need security or love. After all, Minka keeps her safe and treats her well. Yet I'm the only one who gives Darla a sense of belonging. I'm her pathway to a future without fear or pain.
46
~~~
Darla
Who Do You Want to Be?
Awakened by the sun, I find myself in an unfamiliar beige room. Panic rises inside me until I roll over to find Troy looking like a sleeping Adonis. He rests on his back with his hand across his chest.
My eyes burning with fatigue, I relax back on the pillow. I think about the last twenty-four hours. Sharing my body with Troy was the best moment. Slipping towards a breakdown was the worst. I touch my butchered hair and assume I look worse than usual.
I doze off, listening to Troy's steady breathing. Soon, I dream of Diana's last birthday party, unable to shake all of the noise and chaos around me. The real party had only twenty kids. The dream version has over a hundred. The noise sends me into a terrified panic, but I can't escape.
Troy wakes me up and ducks when I swing my hand reflexively at him.
"It's just a dream."
"They were swarming me."
"What was?"
"Kids," I mumble, sitting up against the headboard. "So many horrible little kids screaming and pulling at me."
"Well, there's only you and me here," he says, sitting next to me and holding my hand.
"I don't want kids," I tell him. "I don't know if you even think about that when you think of me, but I wanted you to know."
Waiting for his reaction, I feel too tired to lie anymore. I'm this messed up person. I can go to therapy and take pills. I can get stronger, but the woman I was before Locke is gone forever.
"I've never had any urge to be a father. I see my brother with his kids, and I don't need that."
Troy kisses my hand and continues, "If you ever wanted a kid, though, I'd learn to be a solid dad. I know our baby would be perfect, but life with just you and me would be perfect too."
"Are you sure you wouldn't be happier with someone less... you know?" I ask, making a crazy gesture with my finger.
"You keep trying to get rid of me. If you want out, just say so. If you're doing it for my benefit, stop playing that game. I'm not going anywhere."
"I used to want kids," I say, turning to cuddle closer. "The noise is too much now, and there are no quiet babies."
"No, there aren't. In fact, I was a very loud and rowdy kid."
"Really? Were you just awful?" I ask, skimming his scar with my fingers.
"I liked climbing up on everything. I was also big on drawing on the walls with crayons. My dad nearly burst a blood vessel freaking out when I drew on his office walls."
"Were you a happy child?"
"Oh, yeah."
Grinning, I straddle him and cup his face. "I want to be strong for you, but I don't know if I can."
"I don't need you to be strong. I just need you to be safe. Not only from fucks like Locke but also from the vicious thoughts in your head."
When I try to back away, he holds me in place. "You can run from the past and the bad dreams but don't run from me."
I stare into his hypnotic blue eyes and try to find the words. "With Locke, I knew there was no right choice. Whenever he gave me options, each one led to something bad. I got so indecisive that I still get stuck."
"I've noticed," he says softly.
"Last night, I had urges..." I pause, wanting to create space between us. Troy lets me go only long enough to lean me onto my back and wrap me into his arms. Realizing he won't let me go, I continue. "If I weren't so indecisive, I might have done something bad to myself last night. Something I couldn't take back. Are you really sure you want to love someone who thinks thoughts like that?"
"Sure, why the fuck not?"
I smile at his certainty. "Tough guy."
"What were you like as a kid?" he asks, cuddling tighter with me on the bed.
Troy's fingers tease my belly button through my wrinkled black shirt. I wonder if he wants sex. My mind is picturing us together when he asks the question again.
"I was a lame-o. I followed Shelley around and did whatever she did. It's the only reason I became a model. Whenever people asked me what I wanted to do with my life, I just told them to ask Shelley, and I'd second her answer."
"It makes me sad to think you'd marry a dud like Vernon," he teases while his fingers do the same to my ribcage.
"That dud paid for the best medical care for me. He paid for my apartment. Hell, he paid for your services, and we wouldn't have met without Vern."
"You're right. I should thank that wonderful man the next time I see him."
Smiling, I feel lighter as the ugliness of the night before fades. "I can't have you see me naked."
Troy studies my face. "Are you coming onto me?"
"Very much so."
"Are you sure?"
"Fucking you makes me happy. It's the rest of life that's too damn confusing."
Troy kisses me tenderly, still hesitant. Wanting to make my needs very clear, I slide my hand inside his boxers and stroke his soft cock. As he hardens from my touch, Troy looks around the well-lit room.
"How are we going to do this?"
"Let me put on my pjs. Give me two minutes. Feel free to get naked while I'm..."
Troy kicks off his boxers before I finish the sentence.
"I'm ready when you are," he says, stretching out on the bed.
Flushed and giggling, I hurry to the bathroom to change. I see my reflection and remember the fear I suffered from the night before when I cut my hair. The ugly hate I felt for me and everything else in the world. Nothing made sense, and I wanted to end it all.
Yet now the sun is bright, and Mister Punishment is dead. I don't know about Mistress, and I don't care. I have a man I love. Despite all my issues, he still loves me. With Troy's help, last night becomes an ugly memory.
47
~~~
Troy
Fucked Up Ken
Darla wraps her arms around me as we walk into the main living area. I hesitate when I don't see Minka. Her bag rests on the kitchen counter. The apartment is quiet, not even a hint of the outside traffic common on this block. Noticing my worry, Darla tightens her grip on me.
"Minka," I say, resting my hand on the gun strapped to my jeans.
Her head pops up from the couch, and bleary eyes stare at us.
"Staying alert I see, Habanero."
"I was up most of the night, so fuck the fuck off, fucker."
Glancing down at Darla, I smile. "She's grumpy in the morning."
A smiling Darla walks to where Minka adjusts on the couch. "Do you want me to make coffee?"
The women share a smile, and I'm filled with a sense of peace at their friendship. These are the two most important people in my life. If they hated each other, I'd lose my best friend, and I'm not a guy who easily replaces people.
Instead, they get along well, even being as different as women can be. While Darla makes a pot of coffee, I find the fridge stocked with groceries and begin cooking us omelets.
"Harlow went shopping last night," Minka explains. "She seems lonely here in Houston. I should make more of an effort."
Smirking, I nod. "Yeah, you really should."
"You could make an effort too."
"Harlow doesn't want to be friends with me. She needs girlfriends to shop and gossip with when Rafael's not around. I'm great at gossiping, sure, but shopping sucks."
Darla hands me a cup of coffee while I cook. "Are you staying with me today?"
I glance back at Minka, who frowns. "I need to go to the office to see what info Saskia extracted."
"From Mistress Agony?" Darla asks, frowning darkly. "Are you going to let her live?"
"She's already dead," Minka says, checking her phone. "Saskia sent us a coded message overnight. I can't understand half of what she's saying since she has a code that only makes sense in her head. I do know Mistress gave up Locke, and now she's dead."
Darla says nothing for a long time. I don't know if she's relieved to hear of Mistress Agony's death. I almost sense she's sad. Minka reaches out and studies the cut sections of Darla's hair.
"I fucked up my hair," Darla says.
"It's a good length for a bob. I bet you'd look sexy with one. I know I did."
Darla looks at me for reassurance. I hate seeing her so fragile again. I even wonder if I'll return to the apartment later to find her wearing giant sweats and hiding behind her hair again.
"The cops want to talk to us," Minka says. "We need to give formal statements before they lose their shit."
"Who'll stay with Darla?"
The answer arrives twenty minutes after we finish breakfast when Rafael and Harlow show up. I give Darla a good hard kiss to hold her over. She still grips my shirt until the very last moment.
Minka and I take the same car to the police station where we spend over an hour answering the same questions asked in dozens of ways. Knowing we have Locke's location and can organize a hit on him, I have no interest in pandering to the law.
When finally allowed to leave, Minka and I head to the office.
"Who will go after Locke?" she asks while we sit in traffic.
"Saskia should go. She's tiny enough to crawl in tight spots. Never know if we'll need that."
"Is that your way of telling me I have to stay behind?"
Glancing at her, I give her an earnest smile. "I need to know Darla's safe. None of the others can keep her calm, and I can't stay behind."
"Actually, you could."
"Would you stay behind if you were me?"
"No, but I'm very spunky. You're a dull fuck."
"Stop being jealous of my happiness. That kind of behavior is beneath you."
Minka leans her head against the window. "I'll get someone to come to the apartment to cut Darla's hair."
"Are you really cutting your hair too?"
"Sure. I've never had a girlfriend. Normally, women are just too sneaky for my tastes, and they lie too well. I prefer dumb easily readable men like you. Now that I have Darla, I'll give this friendship thing a try."
"You might be a bad influence on her."
"Said the pig man using her hot body for sex."
When I glare at Minka, she laughs and keeps on laughing for the rest of the drive.
"You're weird when you don't get enough sleep," I say, parking in the office indoor lot.
"Part of being a good girlfriend is telling a male interloper that I have my eye on him."
Minka gives me the "I'm watching you" gesture. I reply with my own hand gesture, which sends her into laughter again.
We find Saskia in her office. After she had spent the night torturing a woman, I guess I expected her to look shell-shocked. Instead, she's playing Mahjong.
"Manny and I disposed of the woman," she says without looking up at us. "We'll remove her body after dark."
Nodding, I glance around the quiet building. "I'm surprised the media haven't been hanging around. Apparently, they're creaming themselves over last night's shooting."
"They came," Saskia says, stretching. "We called the gang bangers and asked them to make their presence known. They drove by very slow in their low riders and scared the media vans away. Been quiet the last few hours. Tia's handling the phone calls by saying you two are on administrative leave. Whatever that means."
"That woman was Mistress Agony?" I ask, leaning against the doorway.
"Yes. She told us everything about Locke. Darla was the fifth Rose. The first one was his cousin. He has homes on both coasts, but she said he was hiding at the house in Oregon with Mister Pain."
"Are you sure she was telling the truth about his location?"
Saskia narrows her eyes at me. "I know how to extract information, Troy. By the time she broke, she was willing to sell out her own mother. Actually, she did, so, yes, I'm certain Locke is at his Oregon house. He's been hiding there since Darla ran from him."
"When do we go?" I ask.
"We're locating blueprints of the house and overhead maps to see how close his neighbors are to his home. We'll find the entry spot for his electrical, so we can put him in the dark and prevent him calling anyone for help."
"This guy is rich," Manny says, walking up behind me. "We won't have a lot of time to hit him and get out. No fucking around. We need to crash the place hard, kill him and his muscle, and get back out."
"Burn the place down too," Minka says. "The cops will figure out the connection eventually. We can't give them anything. The detective interviewing me today was a dick. Can you believe he actually thought I could be intimidated by a middle-aged suit?"
We all smile at the local law enforcement's stupidity. I glance at Manny, who looks tired.
Manny yawns. "I'm going home to crash and spend time with the wife before we leave for Oregon."
After Manny leaves, Saskia, Minka, and I search the maps and blueprints. I know Rafael will review the plan, but we have all the tools necessary to get the job done. The only difficult part will be leaving Darla.
Returning to the apartment hours later, I find Darla sitting at the kitchen table with Harlow. They're working on a puzzle while Rafael sketches out a plan.
"I have a jet we can use to reach Portland incognito," Rafael says.
Even though his voice remains quiet, Darla hears I'm leaving and immediately panics. When she begins pacing around the room, Harlow and Rafael leave the apartment.
"He's going to kill you," Darla says.
"No, he's not."
"I'm not worth dying over."
I block her path and force her to look at me. "No one in my life is more worth dying over, but I'm not dying."
Darla struggles against her panic and tears. I see her working things out and then she grabs my shirt.
"Promise me something," she says, shaking with panic. "Text me every hour. Just one word, so I'll know you're okay. I won't bother you while you work, but I need to know you're safe. Like if you need to sleep, tell me you're sleeping so I won't worry when you don't text me. I need to know you're safe. If you aren't safe, I'll know Locke hurt you."
Tugging Darla into my arms, I hold her as tightly as she can bear. She's on the verge of a full-fledged meltdown yet relaxes in my embrace.
"I promise to text you, but you need to promise me something too."
"Anything," she whimpers. "Maybe you can stay here, and someone else can go."
"Darla, you know I need to do it."
Skimming her lips over my chest, she nods at my words. 
"I need you to stay calm while I'm gone," I say, stroking her mangled hair. "I want you to promise me that you'll take your Valium as often as is possible. Just be happy and out of it while I'm gone."
Darla stares at me with her big frightened blue eyes. "You'll come back."
"I promise I'll kill that fucker and come back to you. Do you know the first thing I'm going to do when I get back?"
"Fuck me silly?" she whispers, looking tired now.
"Well, yes, but after that, I'm taking you for a walk. Out there," I say, gesturing towards the windows. "We're going to walk down the street without worrying about Locke or his henchmen."
While Darla stares at the windows as if entranced, I continue, "After our walk, we'll visit Shelley. No more sneaking around. You can visit your sister anytime you want."
A smile warms Darla's lovely face when she thinks of seeing Shelley again.
"I'm taking you out to dinner too. I know a few quiet places where we relax and enjoy a meal out like a normal couple."
Darla's now smiling easily, and the fear fades from her eyes. Before she gets too relaxed, her jaw tenses. "I'll never be normal, though."
"Neither will I. Don't forget my job as a paid killer. You keep forgetting I have baggage too. No doubt you're a broken Barbie, but never forget I'm a fucked up Ken. We work because neither of us is normal. You've never seen me take a life before, but I have more blood on my hands than you can imagine."
"But you love me."
"So much I'll have trouble not keeping Locke alive, so I can hurt him for a very fucking long time. I'll kill him quick instead, so I can come back to you. This is where I need to be."
48
~~~
Darla
Lost Without You
Troy belongs inside me. I should hate sex or, at least, fear it, but I never do with him. Straddling Troy, I cup his face and memorize his features. My hips roll rhythmically against his, sliding his cock deeper into me. He watches me watching him. Our expressions are relaxed except for when I move in a particular way, and my clit enjoys extra stroking.
I never want to forget him. He's leaving soon, and I tell myself he will return. I know he's more dangerous than I imagine. Killing Locke will prove easy for a man like Troy.
Yet he'll still be gone for days, and I feel lost when he's simply out of the room. To keep me sane, I study his every feature. From his thick blond hair to his strong jaw, I don't want to forget a single thing while he's gone.
Troy doesn't let my nightgown stop him stroking my nipples. Leaning me back, he bites at the flesh hiding under the fabric. I laugh at how good his touch feels. When we're together, I forget everything except this powerful man.
Bouncing joyfully on his cock, I hope to come one more time before he releases inside me.
"Not yet," I whimper, begging him to hold on a little longer.
Troy groans. "You're killing me."
His hand slides under my nightgown and gives my clit a few rough strokes. Kissing him, I moan into his mouth as hot pleasure rushes through me. Troy kisses me hungrily, still stroking my clit.
Once I catch my breath, Troy takes his wet fingers from between my legs and slips them into my mouth. I suck at them, loving the taste of our pleasure. Troy's free hand grips my hip, and I move faster with him. He says my name when he comes, making me suck hard at his fingers. I watch the pleasure on his face and feel like a queen.
All morning, we remain tangled under the sheets, working our way around my nightgown, and begging for only a bit more time together before reality tears us apart.
I take a Valium as Troy prepares to leave. He hates to see me cry, and I know I should be strong for him. Still I feel as weak as a baby overwhelmed by a world it doesn’t understand. Troy is my anchor to keep me from washing away in the bullshit filling my head. Without him, I struggle to remain afloat.
Even as the pill blurs my thoughts, I struggle not to hold onto Troy and never let go. Why can’t he stay with me where it’s safe? The question is stupid. I know it is because we'll never truly be safe until Locke is dead. When I’m in his arms, though, life feels easy.
Soon, Troy is out the door, and I sleep for hours in the bedroom. I consider sleeping for the entire time he’s gone, but Minka has other ideas.
The day after Troy leaves, we have a girls’ day at the apartment. Shelley and Harlow join us. First, Minka and I get matching bobs. She loses her long locks in her desire to make me feel less like an idiot for cutting my hair. I like my new style, and even find myself glancing at my reflection in the window.
Harlow is younger than I thought. Only eighteen and already married to a mysterious man like Rafael, she’s overwhelmed by her new life in Houston. I’m surprised by my urge to comfort her. For months, the closest I came to showing interest in others was to lie for Shelley’s benefit. Now I want to take Harlow out and explore Houston with her. In fact, all four of us are new to Houston, and the city has plenty to enjoy. Without realizing it, I’ve begun planning for a future I hadn’t truly believed I might have.
The day with the girls makes me feel normal for a while. Yet once the sun sets, I’m faced with a night without Troy again.
I can’t sleep, and it’s too early to take another pill. Feeling restless, I pace around the large master bedroom while Minka watches one of the Mission Impossible movies in the living room. I don’t want to watch anything with violence, not when I’m worried about Troy.
Back and forth across the room, I pace while remembering every moment I’ve spent with Troy. He still has so many secrets hidden inside, and I want to peel back all his layers until I know everything.
Troy wants the same from me, no doubt. I think of how patient he is when we’re together. The way he craves to explore under my clothes but never forces the subject.
Standing in front of the full-length mirror in the master closet, I stare at myself for a long time. It’s easier to look at my face and new haircut than to study my body. Finally, I take off my nightgown and toss it into the nearby bathroom sink.
Back in front of the mirror, I force my gaze on my body. I want to see myself the way I used to, or, at least, the way Troy does. At first, I only think of all those eyes on me. How they judged me. The way they snickered. Their mocking words. Their dirty hands on me.
I look different than I remember. Thinner maybe. For sure paler. I seem a lot older than I did before Locke took me. This body is mine, though. It will never belong to Locke again.
Unsure of how long I stand in front of the mirror looking at my reflection, I do know I feel happier. Stronger too maybe. Redressing, I realize it's time to take a pill and go to sleep. Even feeling calm, I don't skip my medicine because I made a promise to Troy.
49
~~~
Troy
Debt Paid
Locke lives in a plantation style house. I guess I expected the place to look like a dungeon. The house's appearance matters less than his security system, and Manny promises he can override it to prevent the police from showing up before we're done.
His property is nearly a mile from the nearest residents, perfect for a man holding women hostage. The location's downside is no one will hear our attack.
Just after ten when we blow out his power, only two other properties go dark with his. My team moves quickly once Manny overrides the security system before it can reboot on emergency power. In the gloomy night, Rafael, Saskia, and I rush the main house. If not for our night goggles, we wouldn't reach the front lawn without running into something. Once at the house, we don't waste time using doors, instead smashing through the large windows on each side.
Racing down the main hall, I hear only my heartbeat. Suddenly, footsteps approach, and I see a movement to my right as a guy sprints at me. In the darkness, I see he's taller than me but lacks bulk. I shift my stance just before he makes contact, leaving him to barrel into the wall. The impact kicks his gun across the floor. I kick his leg out from under him, sending him down hard onto his knee. He reaches around to brace himself when I punch him with all my weight. The crunch of my fist making contact with his jaw echoes in the otherwise silent house.
The perp goes limp, and I spot a pool of his blood on the marble floor. Turning him onto his stomach, I strap disposal wrist restraints on him. I hear him gurgling and suspect he's attempting to speak. Bringing my foot down hard on his knee, I again hear the crack of bone shattering.
Saskia whistles from down the hall. I drag my lifeless guy to the mausoleum-style living room where Rafael has a whimpering man on his knees. Nearby, Saskia restrains what looks like the maid.
"Where's the safe?" Rafael asks his hostage.
With a moment to think, I recognize the guy at my feet from a video of the day Darla escaped. I kick him in the balls, but he's barely conscious enough to feel it.
"Tell us where the safe is and we'll let you live, asshole," Rafael says.
Rafael yanks the man's head back, and I realize the shaking freak is Locke. He's smaller than I expected. His ID picture made him look younger too. He's a creepy middle-aged man obsessed with owning beautiful young women. In a few minutes, he'll be just another corpse.
"I'll show you," the maid mutters when Saskia pokes her with a blade.
Locke remains silent while we drag the three of them to his bedroom. A safe is hidden behind a portrait of who I assume was the original Rose.
I switch places with Rafael and take control of Locke. Knocking his head against the wall a few times, I pretend I want the combination. Mostly, I want the fucker to suffer a little before his end comes.
The safe is full of cash and financial papers, but we're only interested in adding to its contents.
I kick Locke's legs out from under him, and he lands hard on his knees. I relish his pained cries. Leaning down, I whisper in his ear, "Darla says hi."
Rafael fires once into the back of Mister Pain's head. Saskia does the same to the maid. I allow Locke to think about his fate before firing my shot. While I'll never know if he suffers any guilt over his crimes, he certainly fears his impending death. The pool of piss at my feet is proof enough of that.
Once they're dead, we leave a half bag of heroin in the safe along with a few untraceable guns. Let the police think the execution was drug related. Whether they'll learn enough about Locke to believe he was guilty of taking Darla won't matter. The evidence we leave behind will muddy the investigation.
I close the safe as Saskia starts one fire at the back of the house. Rafael sets another at the front. I meet them as the house burns hotter, and we hurry towards the front gate where Manny keeps watch.
In an ideal world, Locke would suffer greatly for his crimes. We might even find the bodies of his former victims and give them peace. The world doesn't work that way, though. While the law will likely connect Mister Pain to Darla, I refuse to do the work for them. As long as they wonder if the attack was drug-related, they'll likely leave her alone. As much as I hate to think of those other Roses buried somewhere on the property, forever lost to their families, my only concern remains protecting the one Rose, who got away.
50
~~~
Darla
Share Everything I Am
Harlow sits with me on the floor, working on a new puzzle. Minka stands in the kitchen, looking bored out of her mind. I know she wishes someone else stayed behind, so she could take part in the attack.
"I thought you wanted to retire," I say, looking at her from my spot on the floor.
"I do."
"Why? You seem to love the excitement."
Minka joins us in the living room and sits on the couch. "I do love it, but I also want to have a family. I can't do that when I'm traveling the world, hunting targets."
"What kind of man do you want? Someone tough like Troy and Rafael or a nice guy like Vern?"
"I don't know exactly. I just want someone who really makes me feel."
"That's how it was with Rafael," Harlow says. "He scared the hell out of me, but I was like a moth to a flame."
Thinking about Troy, I felt a change in me the moment we met. A yearning to be stronger, so I'd be worthy of his attentions. Shelley can't understand the need, but Harlow does. I sense she's still changing for Rafael. A young woman like her has more growing up to do, and her husband gives her the safety to grow stronger.
"I just hope the man I love is rowdy in bed," Minka says, making us laugh. "I can't handle a vanilla lover."
Knowing the crack is about Troy, I give her my best bitch face. "Troy's perfect, so feel free to shut the fuck up."
Laughing loudly, Minka claps her hands. "Look at the fierce bitch hiding in you."
"Don't talk shit about my man," I say, trying to sound tough but laughing by the last word.
My perfect man appears a few hours later. While Harlow leaves so she can reunite with Rafael, Minka disappears so quietly I never see her go. Then again, I can only see Troy standing at the doorway.
Fighting the urge to run to him, I sigh. "I didn't think you could be as perfect as I dreamed, but you're better."
"I was just going to say the same to you."
Troy locks the door and sets his bag on a table. I watch him cautiously, wondering if something's changed. Does he still love me?
"Did I mention Saskia's generosity?" he asks without approaching me.
Feeling exposed with him standing so far away, I wrap my arms around my body and shake my head.
"Locke tried to hire her friend but ended up communicating with Saskia. Now he's gone, but two hundred and fifty thousand dollars of his money remains in an account she set up under your name. It's enough money for you to start a new life where you're not dependant on Vernon," he says and then exhales hard. "Or me."
"Are you ending things now that the job's over?" I ask, backing away.
Troy gives me a frown that answers my question even before he speaks.
"I'm blond, but I'm not a fucking ditz. A few days away didn't make me forget I love you," he grumbles while scratching at his scar. "I wanted you to know you have options. You can walk away from everything and survive without depending on anyone else."
"But you still want me?"
Troy moves quickly towards me, and I instinctively back away. He pins me to a wall and nuzzling his lips against my hair.
"I like this style," he says, pressing his hips against mine.
Stroking his chest, I stare into his hungry blue eyes. "Did you get hurt? I should do a spot check, just in case."
"I'm kissing you now."
Troy isn't kidding. His lips cover mine and steal my breath. Tighter, I wrap him in my arms, wanting to feel his heart beating. His embrace is hot and desperate. Wrapping my hair in his fingers, he holds me still. His tongue tastes and tempts mine. Soon, I'm clawing at his clothes, needing him naked under my fingertips.
"I want a real reunion," I say, tugging him towards the bedroom.
"You got addicted quickly," he murmurs, giving me an arrogant smirk. "Who could blame you?"
Breathing too fast to be casual, I already imagine him inside me. The thought makes me shudder with anticipation.
"I need to shower first," he says, throwing cold water all over my hot desire.
"You smell great."
"I'm sweaty from the hundred degree heat. Let me clean off."
"Why? You're only going to get sweaty again with me."
Troy smiles at my expression but makes a beeline to the shower. "It's a mental thing. I came back from a job and feel as if I need to wash it off."
I stare at him for a long time, and Troy waits for me to react.
"I look forward to you naked and at my disposal," I say finally.
Giving me a wink, Troy disappears into the bathroom. The shower turns on, and steam from the hot water seeps out of the partially open door.
As I change into my nightgown, I pause and really embrace Troy's return. Taking a deep breath, I realize I hadn't truly believed he would come back to me. Am I truly this blessed? My tormentor is dead, and my love is safe.
Rather than wearing my nightgown, I finish stripping and slide on a fluffy pink robe Shelley brought me. Troy showers for nearly ten minutes, scrubbing away the memories of his work. I don't think about what he did to Locke. I want to forget the bastard ever existed. I'm truly free now, and I want to make the most of this new life.
A naked Troy appears from the bathroom rubbing a towel against his damp hair. I smile at the sight of him. Not because he's beautiful, but because he loves me.
"You didn't finish while I was showering, did you?" he asks, tossing the towel back into the bathroom.
Shaking my head, I stand and walk to where he waits near the bed.
"I want to show you something."
Troy looks instantly worried. Shaking and clearly scared, I step back when he tries to comfort me.
"Locke is dead," I say and Troy nods. "I'm not dead. I have a second chance, and I'm going to grab onto it and never let go."
Swallowing hard, I untie my robe. Nothing happens for a moment, and I nearly chicken out. Troy watches me with a blank expression, hiding his concern well. I would never know he was tense if I didn't see him scratching at his leg the way he wants to do to his scar.
I take a deep breath and open the robe until it hangs from my shoulders.
"Darla," he says softly.
I know he's saying I can stop, but I really can't. Locke stole my confidence, and only I can take it back. Dropping the robe, I stand completely exposed before the man I love.
"My name is Darla, and I love you. Locke is dead, and I'm not," I say in a shaky voice.
Troy stares at me, struggling with something. His face twists into a strange, broken expression. I immediately think he's judging me and hating me.
Troy kneels down and picks up my robe. He wraps me up in it and pulls me against him.
"You are perfection," he murmurs, fighting back tears. "You'll never know how perfect."
"I want to give you everything I have. No more hiding or holding back."
His arms wrapping tighter around me, Troy kisses me gently. "I love what you show me. I want to see it all, but I don't need it all now. I want you to feel safe, and we have the rest of our lives for you to feel that way."
Troy wraps an arm around my waist and lifts me onto the bed. The robe remains on yet hangs open. Soon our bodies move together, making up for two days apart. Once or twice, we think about getting dressed and taking that walk Troy promised. Instead, we decide to hide from the world for a little bit longer.
Epilogue
~~~
Troy
In My Arms
We start our new lives as Rafael's tenants. The location is perfect, and our landlord proves to be a great neighbor. He and I leave for assignments, knowing our women have each other.
Suffering from similar traumas, Darla and Harlow fall into an easy routine together. They spend a lot of time downstairs at the high-end grocery store, shopping or eating meals. We often return from the office to find the women drinking coffee at the mezzanine while deep in conversation.
"She's my first friend who isn't connected to Shelley," Darla says one night while we cuddle on the couch. "After moving to Texas, Shelley made mom friends. After I ran from Locke, she always invited me to join her at play dates, but I felt awkward being around so many kids. I guess it's time for Shelley and me to have separate friends now that she's super mom, and I don't want to be."
When Rafael and Harlow decided to visit Galveston, they invite us to come along for a couples' weekend. Darla hasn't left the immediate Houston area since arriving in Texas. She's scared to go on vacation but agrees. Facing her fears, Darla has a great time at the beach, even if she's overdressed. No one cares what she's wearing, and Darla learns not to care either.
The media loses interest in Darla. Though people still recognize her when we're out in the city. She ignores their stares and manages a smile for those who say hello. Her confidence builds every day. Yet often for the many steps forward, she suffers a few steps back where she won't leave the apartment.
I don't care where we go or what we do. I'm happy watching movies every night while she works on her puzzles. I enjoy Vern's backyard parties, even though I have nothing in common with his friends. Darla feels the same way when we meet my family six months after Locke's death.
After a few false starts, Darla finds a therapist she likes. Soon, she's taking fewer pills and hiding less in her head. Every day, Darla reveals more of herself to me.
I finally take her to the shooting range where she hates the noise of the gun firing. I expect this problem, but I greatly underestimate her horrible shooting. Darla never gets close to hitting the target paper. Week after week, we practice without her improving even a tiny bit.
"Good thing I have you to protect me," she says, deciding to give up on training. "I think throwing the gun at my attacker will be more intimidating than me firing at them."
I don't disagree with her. The sessions are painful for me. Not because I want Darla to be a talented shooter, but because I don't want to laugh at her horrible attempts.
Darla and I marry on a lark during a trip to Wyoming. She's beaten me again in a skiing contest, and I decide her reward is my hand in matrimony. Shelley walks Darla down the aisle while Vern is my best man. The kids throw flowers at us while John wails like a fire truck. I never thought I'd make much of a family man, but Darla is the dream I never knew I had.
Epilogue
~~~
Darla
Freedom Found
A year after we meet, Troy and I learn the secret to a happy marriage. We flip a coin. Heads, I win. Tails, he wins. It's really this simple.
The idea came to us while building our home. While we agree easily enough on the ranch-style floor plan, disagreements appear quickly while choosing the interior designs. I liked one color countertop, Troy another. Same with the carpet and paint colors. We can't settle on a choice for anything.
Troy's solution is to arm-wrestle for the win. Clearly, I refuse to agree to this challenge. Instead, I suggest using rock, paper, scissors, but Troy swears he's jinxed and can't win that game. So we end up flipping a coin to choose the brick color for the house. I win this round. He wins the paint choice. Somehow, this tactic works, and no one feels screwed over in the process.
After we move into the house, I decide we need a pet. Kids remain off the table, neither of us craving a tiny screaming version of us. A pet though is something we both want.
Of course, he wants a dog while I want a cat. We flip, and I win. Adopting a nearly year old female from the shelter, I name her Sherry after her "daddy." Troy pretends to hate the tabby cat, but she's always climbing on him, and he's a big softie when it comes to the ladies.
After Harlow gets pregnant, I feel a bit of pressure to have a baby too. Shelley doesn't bug me about it, but her friends often ask when we'll start our family. I finally tell them I'm barren, which makes them feel guilty. Shelley just rolls her eyes at the entire thing.
At the beginning of our marriage, Troy and I make a habit of visiting kid-friendly places like the aquarium or zoo. We watch the families and wait for the baby urge to hit us. I used to believe kids were a given. Yet after a few hours at Harlow's new house with her babies, I'm ready to tear out my hair. I just can't deal with the noise.
"Let's not worry about it until you're thirty," Troy says one night while we sit outside in our hot tub.
I glance at the window where Sherry watches us. She hates her people to be so far away. Grinning at her big eyes, I nod at Troy's comment. No more zoo trips until I'm thirty.
At thirty, we get a dog instead of having a baby. Troy names the Puggle puppy Ham after me. I love the little dog and his big sis Sherry. I frigging adore their daddy too. I have great friends, my sister, and her kids. My heart is full, and Troy never brings up kids again.
We settle into a good life. As their first high profile client, I often take credit for the security company's success. After a few years, the company hires new contractors, allowing the owners to semi-retire. Eventually, Troy only takes jobs that will work with our relaxation schedule. We even begin traveling. Sometimes, we go with Rafael and Harlow. Other times, we join Shelley's family. For one weekend a month, we go away alone.
Every new place scares me, but Troy keeps me brave. We even take a cruise for our tenth wedding anniversary. Standing on the ship's deck and staring at the water, I remember the woman I was before Locke. She's a stranger now while the woman Troy first met is the weird friend I no longer invite to parties.
I once asked myself if I was really blessed enough to have Troy return to me. The answer was yes and remains yes even after all these years.
My name is Darla, and I'm finally at peace.
About Bijou
Living in Indiana with my three sweet sons, three wacky cats, one super mom (and her ugly dog), I love cats, Denny's, 1970's rock, Beanie Boos, and sitcoms cancelled before their time.

Website: http://www.BijouHunterBooks.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorBijouHunter
Twitter: https//twitter.com/BijouBooks
Email: BijouHunterBooks@gmail.com

Sign up for my mailing list to receive exclusive info on release dates, cover reveals, and more: http://www.bijouhunterbooks.com/mailing-list
