Till Death Do Us Part
Book III in the Southern Exposure Saga

By Lari Smythe

Cover design by Lari Smythe
Cover Art by Caitlin Smith

Copyright 2014 Lari Smythe
ISBN: 9781311860316

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 Izzy
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13 Jason
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20 Izzy
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Connect with Lari Smythe

Chapter 1 Izzy
The planning stage for the new Faulkner home—my family's home, was nearly complete and some of the preliminary work had begun. Jason proved himself in the planning phase as I, and I think Benjamin knew he would. My family spent idle time at Nathan and Melanie's, we'd all grown used to the human idea of a home and family. Their place was on the small side to say the least, but no one minded, we were back together again, a real family. Melanie and Elizabeth had their sewing, Nathan, Tink and Benjamin had checkers and chess, and I had Jason.
My pool at the bend of the nearby creek played a prominent role in my days now as my family worked to reacquaint themselves with Jason's overpowering attraction—thirst. I bathed in the pool each time after seeing him, but they were becoming more able to cope with his scent, so it wasn't as much of a problem as it had been at first. I was still wearing the Emo getup, but definitely toned down. I'd dropped the black lipstick and fingernail polish, but I liked the dark eye makeup and so did Jason—besides, it was practical, it masked my eye color changes in that people were less likely to actually look at my eyes. I was coping with the limitations of our relationship, but hunting always reminded me of what we had and what we could never have.
"We thought we'd spend the afternoon at your pool," Melanie called, the last to finish her kill.
"Would you care to join us?" Elizabeth added.
I knelt down to a small trickle of water from a spring in the rocks to wash the blood from my hands.
"Please?" Melanie begged.
"I think I'm going to run over and see how Benjamin is doing on the house."
"Don't you mean Jason?" Melanie pouted.
"Yeah, I think he'll be there."
"Ha, ha, very funny. You can't fool me." Melanie turned to Elizabeth. "She's got it bad, so bad."
Elizabeth showed no reaction which was a huge improvement over how she usually reacted to comments about Jason's and my relationship especially after he gave me his class ring. Elizabeth was right, our relationship was dangerous on so many levels, but I could no more walk away from Jason than I could make my heart start beating. I knew the choice put my entire family at risk.
"See ya." I darted off toward the far side of Lambs Knoll. I had to take a small detour to avoid a hunter on the ridge, near the communication towers. It was late summer, early for the hunters to be out, but they had begun to scope out the area for the fall hunting season. No doubt they were disappointed in the dwindling dear population. I couldn't help but smile when I spotted Jason with Benjamin. It was a typical hot August day, and the sweat glistened off Jason's bare back as it formed little rivulets and trickled down the dips between his sculpted, muscles. For the most part, he and Benjamin just worked out the details during the day, then at night, Tink and Nathan joined them to actually work on the construction. It was necessary to avoid possibly being seen by a casual hiker. Jason stayed as long as he could, but he obviously had to sleep.
"Hey, guys," I said, sliding up next to Jason. He flinched when I put my cool hand on his back.
He leaned over and gave me a big kiss. "Sorry, I guess I probably reek."
"Not the word I would have chosen."
"Well, then," Benjamin interrupted, "I believe the foundation mortar has adequately set. We should be able to begin work on the escape tunnel tonight."
"Bringing in the heavy equipment?" Jason joked.
"He's talking about Tink and Nathan, Dad." I clarified.
Benjamin chuckled. "That we are. We should have the tunnel completed by daybreak."
"Football practice starts tomorrow, so I'm not sure if I can be here, they're two a days for the first week or so."
"Two a days?" Benjamin puzzled.
"Two practices a day. One in the morning and one in the afternoon."
Benjamin nodded. "Well, I don't foresee any problems."
"Are you still expecting the electricity tomorrow, sir?" Jason asked.
"Yes, but the utility people said no one had to be present, they are just running power to the distribution box."
"That's great," Jason said.
"Like in electric lights?" I asked. "Are you serious?"
"Well, I thought if young Jason were to visit in the evenings lights would be a nice addition."
"Welcome to the 21st Century, Dad." I joked.
"Ah, here are the boys now," Benjamin said. "Why don't you call it a day, Jason."
"Thanks." Jason wiped the sweat from his face with his tee shirt. "So," he said to me, "maybe a movie?"
"It'll be late by the time you get cleaned up and have something to eat. How about the park?"
"Great, I don't have to clean up for that." He winked. "Let me check in with Mom." He turned to my dad. "Thanks for everything, sir."
Benjamin looked up from the drawings. "Have you chosen a vehicle yet?
"No, sir. I figure it wouldn't be right at least not until we finish."
"Nonsense, you have done an exceptional job."
"Go ahead, tell him," I encouraged.
"Well, sir, I was thinking I'd still like something with four wheel drive so I can do a little off roadin'. Nothing extravagant, maybe another Jeep. I like the older models."
"Excellent, let me know when you have finalized your choice."
We walked down to Jason's mom's car. The western sky was crimson, framed with the anvil, tops of thunderheads sweeping toward the east. Occasionally there was a flash of cloud-to-cloud lightening.
Jason grabbed his cell phone off the dash. "Hey, Mom. You mind if I keep the car for a few hours? Yeah, we were thinking we'd grab some take out and go to the park. I know, football is at 6:00 AM. Okay, thanks." He hit the end button. "We're good."
I stepped into him and slid my hand across his sweat soaked, chiseled abdomen, slowly running it up to his pecs. "We are so good." His stomach growled.
We swung by the local drive thru and got a small bucket of chicken and then headed for the park. I couldn't help remember the motorcycle gang as we crossed the stone bridge, but tonight, the park was deserted. It looked like it was going to be our lucky night.
"You mind grabbing the food?" Jason asked as he climbed out of the car.
"No problem."
Jason took off across the grass, cleared the narrow beach and dove into the water. He swam across to the far bank and then back. I was in heaven watching him walk up through the shallows and onto the beach.
"What?" Jason said, shaking off.
"Nothing." I stuffed the bucket of chicken against his stomach.
He ate quickly—maybe too quickly—and then we lay back on the blanket and stared up through the tree tops at the stars and enjoyed the August meteor showers.
"You think we'll have any classes together?" Jason asked.
"I doubt it, Ms. Moore—"
"I thought you two were tight?"
"Sure, but I doubt she's going to put any obstacles in the way of my recovery."
"So I'm an obstacle?"
I rolled up on top of him and kissed him. "You are so an obstacle to everything."
"Look who's talking." He reached up, cupped my cheeks and pulled my face down to his. We kissed again.
My ability to cope with the thirst he triggered in me was nothing short of amazing if you believed Melanie, but to me, it all went back to the night I realized just how much I loved him. Sure, I thirsted for his blood, but compared to my love, not even close.
"Can I pick your car?" I asked, pushing back and staring into his eyes.
"What?"
"Can I pick your car?"
"I guess, as long as it's not over the top. I feel bad enough as it is, accepting such an extreme—"
"It's not a gift, silly boy, you earned it."
"I haven't done all that much on the house, I'm really learning more than I'm helping."
"I think that's what Dad had in mind."
"It's really cool to hear you talk about your family like that, you know, Mom, Dad.  Really cool."
"I'm still not used to it, I call them by their names half the time. So, I can pick it out?"
"As long as it's a used car, okay?"
"Benjamin said new."
"It will be new to me."
"Okay. It's getting late." I rolled off his chest and then sat up.
"Guess there's no point fighting it." Jason got up and then pulled me to my feet. We walked hand in hand into the river until we were waist deep. Jason turned and took me in his arms. "I've got to be the luckiest guy in the entire universe." He kissed me.
He wasn't going to let go—I didn't really want him to—but it was late. I leaned back until we toppled into the water. Finally, Jason had to let go to come up for air.
The scar on Jason's shoulder, the one from the gunshot wound in Georgia, glistened in the moonlight. "You're shoulder going to be okay?"
"Funny thing about that. Alex and I have been throwing the ball around, and well, it's actually better than ever. I'm not exactly sure how, or why, but I can definitely throw the ball with more zip. The rib's still a little tender, but I should be okay. Guess it's that time".
Jason took my hand in his and we walked back to the car to towel off. Jason drove me to the pull off near Melanie's and we said our goodbyes.
"Say hey to Coach for me," I said.
"I will. You want to come watch?"
"No, you need to concentrate on football, I'd just be a distraction."
Jason glanced down at my clinging wet clothes. "Yep."
"Good luck."
"Hey, if the guys give me any trouble I'll give you a call."
"Not funny." I frowned. "I love you."
"I love you. See ya." Jason rolled up the window and pulled away.
I stood there until I could no longer see, or hear the car.
* * *
After I got home, Elizabeth, Melanie and I joined the others to help with the reconstruction. We weren't the skilled labor Benjamin preferred, but we could work silently through the night since we could do things like push nails into the wood—no hammering. We worked on the house while Dad and the boys worked on the excavation.
The escape tunnel, like the one in the Georgia mansion, was Jason's idea and Benjaim agreed it was a desirable addition. We'd destroyed the half vampire, half human motorcycle gang, but there was still the vampire who created them to worry about.
"Dad, Jason said I could pick out his car, but he said it had to be a used one."
"We agreed on a new vehicle. I believe he said a Jeep."
"I know, but he feels like he hasn't earned it."
"Nonsense, in addition to his effort with the reconstruction, their is his brilliant plan that destroyed the biker gang, and unfortunately, his Jeep."
"I know, and I agree with you, but I really think he would feel bad if you bought a new one. He said used is still new to him."
"That's very gracious," Elizabeth said as she stepped to Benjamin's side.
"Indeed," Benjamin said.
"I already looked around, and I found something that I think suits him."
"Excellent. I'll provide you with the money and we can have it here for him tomorrow evening."
"Make it a surprise," Melanie added. "We should all be here to thank him."
"Tink?" I called. "If I pick it up early can you check it out?"
Tink looked over at the charred remains of his garage. "Sure, I'll take a look." He tried to hide a smile, but I saw it. He liked that I wanted his input.
"Then it's settled."
We took a break to evaluate our progress as across the valley, sunlight began to creep down the eastern mountain slopes. We had done very well, even better than Benjamin had expected. The escape tunnel was complete and more than half the first floor was framed. We decided to clear away the rubble where the garage had been. It would make it easier for Tink to look over Jason's new wheels. We were almost finished by mid morning when a truck from the electric company pulled into the driveway. We quickly gathered our things and retreated into the shadows of the woods. Benjamin stayed behind to observe from a distance to make sure the installation was done per plan.
The used car dealer was suspicious when I came alone and offered to pay in cash. By the looks of the lot, the summer business had been slow, so he was eager to close the deal. I arranged for Jason to come in later in the week and sign the paperwork so it would be in his name.
It was a fun vehicle, roomy, with lots of windows and four wheel drive like Jason wanted. To say I was excited was an understatement. Tink was impressed, but made the alterations I requested. He said it would be exactly like I wanted. I had no doubts.
* * *
"Hey guys." I said as Jason and Alex came out of the school. "You hurt?"
"Nah," Alex replied, "just sore."
"You sore too?" I asked Jason.
"You kiddin'?" Alex cut in. "Coach is takin' it easy on ol' Hollywood here."
Jason punched Alex in the arm.
"Dang dude, take it easy."
"What are you doing here anyway?" Jason asked me.
"It's a surprise." I slipped my arm under his.
"I doubt it." Alex laughed and then puckered up and made kissing noises.
Jason grabbed at him, but Alex ran. Jason pulled away from me and stayed right on Alex's heels as they weaved in and out around the poles that supported the awning over the bus loading area. From the slowness of their pace, it was obvious they were both exhausted. Jason finally gave up and Alex jogged over to his mom's car.
"Later," Alex yelled as he slipped onto the passenger's seat. "Hey, Mom."
"Yeah, later." Jason waved as they drove off.
"So," I said, as Jason walked back, "Coach taking it easy on you, huh."
"Not really, we just spent some of practice going over the playbook. It's a real different kind of offense that depends on me making last minute decisions on the field."
"Kind of hard for me to wrap my head around that."
"Well, think of it like this. Coach sends in a play from the sidelines and I call it in the huddle. Then, as we lineup, the other team sets their defense for what they think we're going to do based on the way we lineup."
"Okay, so far."
"When I see what defense they lineup in, then I can change the play. It's called an audible."
"How does the rest of the team know what you change it to?"
"Exactly. We have codes I call, but not everyone gets them all the time. Twice today, I threw the ball right to the defensive player because the receiver and I weren't on the same page."
"Guess that makes you look bad."
"Nah, it's not that. It's just a lot to remember and I have to decide in a split second. So, you said something about a surprise?"
"Yep, you're coming with me."
"What about my mom's car?" He looked out into the parking lot. "Guess you took care of that already. I don't suppose I need to call Mom."
"Nope. You want to get something to eat first?"
"You mind?"
"Not at all."
We walked out to Melanie's truck. Jason threw his stuff in the bed and then climbed in the passenger's side.
"Sure you don't want to drive? It's three on the tree—something different."
"Nah, I'm bushed. Maybe some other time."
"Suit yourself." I climbed in and then we headed for the closest fast food place. 
Jason ordered enough for the both of us and ate it all of course. Once he was finished, we headed to the construction site. I was on pins and needles with anticipation as I turned off the main road.
"I see they got the electricity installed," Jason said, obviously noticing the fresh ridge of dirt where the trench had been filled in.
"Yep." We cleared the field and started up into the woods.
"Looks like they're still here," Jason said, pointing to the vehicle parked directly at the end of the driveway.
As I pulled to a stop, my family jumped out from behind the vehicle.
"Surprise!" they all yelled in unison.
"You kiddin' me?" Jason gawked.
"It's used, just like you said, and four wheel drive. Come on, you have to check it out." We both got out of the truck and walked toward Jason's new—to him—Land Rover.
"Green is perfect, and a tan interior," he said, running his had down the fender and then peering in the window.
"Leather," I added.
Jason looked up at my family. "I don't know what to say. Thank you seems so inadequate, it's totally over the top."
"Over the top?" Elizabeth puzzled.
"He likes it Mom."
They all smiled.
"Crank it up," Tink said.
"I had Tink check it over and make a few upgrades."
"Upgrades to a Rover?" Jason gawked as if that were impossible.
"Crank it up," Tink repeated.
Jason climbed in and started the engine. It roared to life with a sound very similar to my old Malibu. He gunned the engine a few times. "That is freakin' awesome!" He turned it off and then ran over to Tink and gave him a spontaneous, but awkward hug. "Thanks man."
Tink smiled and then winked at me. "Oh," he said, "you'll excuse me for a few minutes?"
"Sure," Jason said.
Tink ran off past the remnants of the garage and into the woods. A short time later a familiar rumble turned into the driveway. 
I spun around to look. "Oh my God!" 
Tink was driving a 1966 Malibu up the driveway. He gunned the engine and pulled in head-to-head facing Jason's Rover.
"They match," Jason said.
"Right down to the tan, leather interior," Tink said as he climbed out.
I sprang into Tink's arms and then kissed him. "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
"Well, it's not the same one and I didn't do the work, but I figured you couldn't wait till the garage was finished."
"Did you know about this?" I looked back at the rest of my family. They just smiled. I dropped down out of Tink's arms and turned toward Jason. "What do you think, twins?"
"Boy are we going to attract some attention at school with these." The smiles from my family faded. "In a good way," Jason added.
"It'll be fine, guys," I reassured them. I turned back to Jason. "Your mom has the name of the place where we got it. You two can decide how you want to title it, her name or yours, whatever you decide, it's yours."
"So Mom knows about it too?"
"She hasn't seen it, but I made sure it was okay with her first."
"Mind if we go show her—unless you have something for me to do, sir." Jason added.
"You kids go and have some fun." Benjamin said. "The house can wait until tomorrow."
"Thanks," both Jason and I said.
"I'll follow you," I said, "that way you won't have to bring me home or make excuses with your mom for how I got home."
"Thanks again, guys." Jason waved to my family and then climbed in behind the wheel.
"See ya." I waved as I followed Jason down the driveway.
Chapter 2
The last few days of summer passed quickly and then we were back in school. I stopped in to see Ms. Moore  the first day, and while she was glad I'd toned down the black—I was actually wearing regular, faded blue jeans—I could tell she wasn't all that impressed with my eye makeup. It turned out there was only one AP Art class so at least Jason and I were together for that class, but that was the only one. The rest of my classes were okay, some of the same teachers and familiar faces. Being away from Jason for so long, was torture. Finally the last bell rang. The week was over and we had the long weekend.
Mrs. Snyder walked over to Jason, Cathy and my table. "Can you all bring in your portfolios next class."
 Cathy nodded.
"Sure, Mrs. Snyder," Jason said.
"Uh, about that, mine was destroyed in a fire over the summer."
"Oh, I heard about that on the news," Mrs. Snyder said. "I didn't realize that was your house. It looked really bad, I was glad to hear no one was hurt. It's a shame, you had some wonderful pieces. Well, we'll do the best we can to put something together for you. I think I might still have a few of your drawings in the back. You all have a nice holiday."
"You too, Mrs. Snyder," Jason said. He draped his arm around my shoulder and we headed for the door. Cathy hung back.
"You coming?" I called back to her.
"Go ahead, I'll catch up later."
"You coming with Alex to the football picnic?"
"We'll be there."
"Okay, see you then."
Jason walked me out to my car. We we're just leaning up against the fender of Jason's Rover when Ms. Moore pulled up.
"How's art working out?"
"I'm behaving myself," Jason said.
"Me too," I added.
Ms. Moore smiled. "Is that yours?" she asked Jason.
"Yes ma'am, did some work for Izzy's dad and he gave it to me for helping." Jason nodded toward my car. "That one's Izzy's."
"They match," I said, stating the obvious.
"Yours was black last year as I recall."
"Yes ma'am, it was." She probably thought it was the same car.
"Well, I like the green much better. Oh, before I forget. Mrs. Snyder said yours was the house that burned down this summer. I'm so glad nobody was hurt. You didn't mention it this morning."
"We're staying with my sister and my dad thinks we'll have the house finished in a couple of weeks."
"Well, you've certainly been through a lot. I'm glad you and your family are okay. Well, I'm headed out for a little vacation."
"You deserve it, Mrs. Moore, you work really hard," Jason said.
"Well, thank you for saying that. I'm sorry I'll miss the football picnic tomorrow. Coach Singleton has high hopes for you this year. I'm really looking forward to some Warrior football. You two have a nice weekend." She rolled up the window and drove away.
"Checkin' up on us I guess," Jason said, leaning over and kissing me.
"Somebody has too." I pulled back from another kiss. "Did you think Cathy seemed a little distant?"
"You mean like not talking to us and sitting on the other side of the table? Yeah, now that you mention it."
"I'm kind of worried about her."
"Nah, she's fine, it's just well, knowing what she does it has to be kind of weird being with us."
"I guess. You don't think—"
"Nah, she's not going to say anything, not even to Alex." He gave me another kiss. "Listen, I gotta head back. Tell your dad I'll be there after practice."
"Okay. See ya." I gave him a quick kiss and then he opened my car door for me. I just sat and watched him walk across the parking lot to the gym. When he disappeared through the side entrance, I headed home. I passed a couple of motorcycles riding together on the way—that always alarmed me—but they were just regular people headed out for a weekend of camping in the mountains.
We all decided to hunt before Jason arrived even though it had only been a few days. The deer population was becoming very depleted since we'd been in the area for such a longtime, so we shared kills, only needing enough blood to better tolerate Jason. By the time Jason left that night, the entire house was framed and under roof. He wanted me to come home with him, but the coach had worked them hard and he was tired and sore, so I convinced him to go home alone and to get some rest.
The day of the picnic was rainy—which was great for me—but not so good for the picnic. Instead of outdoors, they held it in the gym. Like I said, it was perfect for me, no sun to worry about. Jason's mom seemed to be warming up to my being in Jason's life, we even sat together. I could tell she was troubled that I didn't eat, but she didn't say anything. Truth is, I was kind of sick with the heavy smell of all the greasy food and sweaty people. The school had turned off the air conditioning for the long weekend and the gym was hot despite having the windows open. I excused myself from the table and went and stood outside under the awning.
"There you are," Jason said, opening the door. "You okay?" He glanced back at the crowded room. "Oh, you want to go?"
"Aren't they announcing the players and captains?"
"Yeah, but I don't have to—"
"Yes you do. I'll be fine, just give me a few minutes."
"They're cleaning up. Mom is saving you a seat. See you inside."
I took some deep breaths to try and purge as much of the human element from my system as I could and then went back inside to find Jason's mom.
"Up here, Izzy," she called, waving at me. Great, right in the middle of the crowd. At least she was on the aisle. She scooted over as I approached.
"Thanks," I said as I took my seat next to her.
"This is going to be a big year for him, don't you think? I can just feel it."
"Sure, last year he proved he's Coach's go to guy."
"I like the sound of that, 'go to guy'. Looks like they're getting ready to start."
The boy's were on folding chairs with what appeared to be most of the younger ones on the left. I assumed they must be the JV team. Coach made his way to the portable podium. Everyone quieted down.
Tap, tap, tap. "Can you all hear me okay?" Coach said.
"Loud and clear." A somewhat familiar voice answered from the crowd. I looked toward where the voice had originated, but didn't see anyone I recognized.
Coach made some general announcements and thanked the booster club and everyone who had helped with the picnic preparations and then turned the podium over to the JV Coach. He talked about how hard they boys had worked and that he expected a better than average season. Then, he began to announce the name and position of each of the JV players.
I would have been bored to death if it wasn't for the anticipation of the varsity announcements.
"And finally, Dillon Curly will be quarterbacking this years JV team." the coach said.
A boy, red in the face, half stood before sitting back down. The previously familiar voice from the crowd half yelled, "That's BS." The outburst brought a scowl to the JV Coach's face and I followed his glare into the stands. And there he was, Derrick. Of course, I thought, Curly, Derrick Curly. So, Dillon was Derrick's little brother and from Derrick's outburst and Dillon's red face they must have expected Dillon to be on the varsity team.
Coach Singleton got up and took the podium, his harsh glare was fixed on Derrick before he spoke. "Well, looks like a great JV team this year." He cleared his throat while scanning the audience. His gaze came to rest on me for a moment and his expression softened—or maybe he was looking at Jason's mom, I couldn't be sure.
"Well, normally I'd go straight into the varsity team introductions, but we have some unfinished business from last year."
This time I was sure Coach was looking at me.
"Jason, come on up here."
Jason looked really surprised, but got up and walked across the gym to the podium.
Coach Singleton took a piece of paper out of his shirt pocket like maybe a prepared speech, but seemed to think better of it and put it back in his pocket. Coach shook Jason's hand. "Well then, as most of you know, Jason stepped in as quarterback at the end of last season and did a great job despite some significant obstacles. For that, he earned last seasons most improved player, but that's not why I asked him up here today." Coach cleared his voice. "Over the years I've had the opportunity to coach some great kids, kids that worked hard, overcame adversity and became better people because they loved the game." Coach cleared his voice yet again. This was obviously difficult for him. "But, in all my years, I have never had one of my players put the welfare of a fellow student first—not the way this young man did." Coach put his arm around Jason's shoulder. "I won't go into the details, they're private—"
"Raincoat!" A voice blurted out, just loud enough to be heard.
Of course I knew exactly where it came from, Dillon. Poor Jason turned beet red as the JV coach stormed over and gruffly escorted Dillon out through the double doors into the hallway. Not to be outdone, Derrick stormed down the bleachers toward the doors, but two security officers met him and escorted him out of the gymnasium. 
"That's bull Coach! That guy's a loser, everyone knows he got that freak pregnant."
The security officer's hurried him out through the doorway to the parking lot.
"Made her get an abortion too!" Derrick yelled before the doors closed behind him.
It was no surprise that the gym had fallen into an awkward silence. Jason's face was crimson and despite being black, Coach looked totally embarrassed as well. Why did Coach do this? Sure, he meant well, but seriously these were high school kids and by the time the next week of school was over the entire freshman class would think it was true. I wouldn't be surprised if even some of the students that knew better would doubt what they believed.
"Yeah, she's the one."
I glanced past Jason's mom to a freshman that was pointing at me.
"He got her pregnant?" the boy next to him gawked. 
"My son did no such thing!" Jason's mom said.
The people around us turned to look as I let my head sink into my hands. Things had been getting better with Jason's mom, but I could feel the wall building between us again. I was so hurt, so ashamed that I wished I could disappear. I glanced up at Jason and the pain in his eyes was like a dagger to my heart, but then I realized, he wasn't looking at me, he was looking at his mom.
"Well," Coach began again, "as you can see, Jason put his entire reputation on the line, even risked not passing eleventh grade—mind you now, not a one of those rumors are true, just malicious high school gossip, nothing more." Coach pointed toward the audience and slowly moved his pointed finger across the bleachers. You could feel the uneasiness. "How many of you out there have faced a crossroads and not had the courage to make the right decision, or any decision at all?"
No one answered like you'd expect.
"And how about when you were seventeen?" Coach waited for what seemed like an eternity to let that sink in. "Come on now, we've all been there, faced that impossible choice. Well, that's what young Jason here faced, but he didn't hesitate to jump right in and help his fellow student. Oh sure, he had doubts and I know for a fact he knew it was completely possible he would be held back a grade and not be able to play football this year, but he didn't let that stop him."
It was quiet for a minute. I noticed Jason's mom shift in her seat.
Coach continued, "Not to take anything away from young Jason here, but he has one special mother. Would you mind standing, Nancy?"
I glanced over and saw Jason's mom adamantly shaking her head no.
"Well, that's okay, I guess that was a little presumptuous, my apologies. At any rate, you've raised one special young man and I am proud to know the both of you."
I looked up when I heard someone clapping, it was Coach. Before I knew what happened, the entire varsity football team stood and started clapping and then, everyone in the bleachers. Jason's mom was still sitting by me. I looked at her and silently mouthed, "I'm sorry." 
She gave me a short, sympathetic glance and then looked away. It was easy to see she was still humiliated.
"Hold it down a minute. Could you please hold on just one more minute?" Coach said, quieting the crowd. "Hold on now. Well, I wasn't going to do it this way, but let me introduce this year's starting, varsity quarterback, Jason Whitaker."
"Yeah, Hollywood!" Alex shouted and the team started clapping again.
When they quieted down, Coach said, "Those of you who were at the games last year know we changed our style of offense when Jason stepped in as quarterback. Well, I'm here to tell you that you're going to see some real fireworks this year. We've completely revamped the offense and you're in for a real treat. I have high expectations for these boys—all of them—but they've put in a lot of hard work and showed real determination and all you parents out there should be real proud of your boys. So, without further ado, here is the rest of this year's varsity team."
One-by-one Coach called the boys names and they stood and acknowledged the audience with various gestures. For most of the boys there was a cheer from one or both of his parents, maybe a sibling or girlfriend. Coach introduced the defensive captain and then walked over to where Jason was sitting. Jason's mom got her camera ready.
"As you know, the captains are chosen by the team, and this year, the offense picked Matt Costas and Jason Whitaker as co-captains."
Jason and Matt stood and slapped a high five as everyone cheered.
"Well, that raps it up," Coach said, "I look forward to seeing you all at the games this year." A mad rush for the doors started. "If anyone would like to stay after and help cleanup it would be greatly appreciated," Coach yelled over the commotion.
I slid my legs to the side so Jason's mom could squeeze by. She took a few steps down the bleachers and then turned back.
"You don't mind if I stay to help do you?" she said.
"No, of course not," I said to the floor.
"Izzy," Jason's mom said.
I looked up.
"What happened here isn't your fault."
"Isn't it?" I replied.
"Well, I'm sorry you had to sit through that." She turned and walked down to the gymnasium floor to help. I knew what she really meant, she was sorry she and Jason had to sit through it.
The rush of emotions from being thrown back to that time was overwhelming and I sat frozen, alone on the bleachers. Jason and I had come so far since that dreadful time, yet here it was again, out in the open—well most of it—for everyone to judge. This was supposed to be Jason's big year, but the stigma that I brought threatened everything. Once again there would be the sideways glances, whispers and innuendos. I loved him too much to let this happen again.
"Don't even think it," Jason said.
I looked up into his beautiful face.
"But it's happening again."
Jason sat down next to me and put his arm around me. "Not if we don't let it."
We both looked down to the floor of the gymnasium at a boy pointing toward us. "Yeah, she's the one he knocked up."
Jason jumped up, flaring his chest and the two scampered out the side door. Jason reached down and took my hand. "Come on, let's help cleanup." There were several bags of trash piled at the base of the bleachers so we grabbed those and headed for the dumpster. Once we tossed them in, Jason put his arm around me. Despite my glum mood, the energy between us brought a smile to my lips and before I knew it, they were filled with Jason's kiss. I locked my arms around him and returned the kiss.
Jason pushed back. "That's my girl." He made the same motion between us he had back on the bleachers at the football stadium last year. "We are what matters, and we are all in, no matter what. Got it."
"Yeah, got it."
He wrapped his arm around me and we started back for the gym. I was on Jason's right, toward the curb. As we rounded the corner of the building, a ricer—Derrick—revved his engine and started toward us. I instinctively pushed Jason behind me to protect him. Derrick skidded to a stop next to us. Dillon leaned out the window and yelled, "Losers!" He laughed and then added, "He's hiding behind a girl." Derrick gunned the engine sending a plume of oily smoke over us. The tires chirped and they took off across the parking lot headed for the exit.
"I'm sorry," I said.
"Don't worry about it," Jason replied. He nodded toward the doors of the gym.
"Is that the JV coach?"
"Yep." Jason gave me a little squeeze. "Come on, lets see if there's anything else we can do to help."
The JV coach held the door open as we approached. "Jason, Izzy." He nodded as we passed.
"Coach," Jason replied.
Once we were inside, I whispered to Jason, "How does he know my name?"
"You kidding? The entire football team knows who you are and what you did last year to turn the team around."
"But—"
"Coach talks about it when he's trying to make a point about working hard and the spirit to win."
"But I thought that was kind of going to be forgotten. What was it he said, 'a lapse in judgment'." 
"Some of the new guys needed a little inspiration and well, I guess he couldn't think of a better one. I know I couldn't have."
I pulled up as we rounded the corner of the bleachers.
"What?" Jason said, but then noticed his mom talking to Coach. "What are they saying?"
"I thought you didn't like me to eaves—"
He shot me an annoyed glare.
"Okay, your mom is saying she thinks I'm going to be a distraction."
Jason let go of my hand and started toward them, but I grabbed his arm. 
"Wait." I cocked my head to the side to listen more closely. "Coach says he values your mom's opinion, but despite what happened here, that in all his years as a high school teacher and coach he has never seen a closer couple." I glanced up at Jason's smile.
"Your mom says that's her point."
"What's Coach saying now?"
"He's reminding her about what I did for you last year."
"Checkmate," Jason said. He looked down at me and must have sensed my hesitation. "Oh no you don't, you are not a distraction, you are my inspiration, I would do absolutely anything for you."
"I know." I patted his cheek. "I just wish I could get your mother to like me a little more."
"She's afraid of you, you know," Jason whispered.
"I thought she didn't remember anything about that night?"
"No, she's afraid you're going to take me a way from her, and one day, you will if I have anything to say about it."
"That's sweet, but one day at a time tiger."
* * *
We spent our date night, at the construction site with my family because that's what Jason wanted to do. It meant we'd have less alone time, but I knew it was important to him. He still felt like he hadn't earned the Rover. It was after midnight before we finished the siding.
"It's late, you should call your mom," I said.
"Nah, she knows I'm with you, besides, she's probably asleep by now."
"I doubt it, and you know what they say, nothing good happens after midnight."
He pulled me close. "Obviously whoever said that didn't know about you." He kissed me and then looked toward Benjamin. "Sir, do you mind if Izzy rides with me back to my place?"
"Be discrete on your way home, Izzy," Elizabeth responded.
"Thank you ma'am," Jason said. "Same time tomorrow night?" Jason directed the question to Benjamin.
Benjamin glanced toward Elizabeth seemingly for approval. "I think you can skip tomorrow. It's a holiday weekend is it not?"
"Yes, sir."
"Well, you kids deserve to go out and enjoy yourselves. I'll let Izzy know when we need you again."
"I really don't mind—"
"Oh come on," I said, tugging Jason toward his Rover.
"Thanks again," Jason called back to Benjamin and Elizabeth as we got to the Rover.
One thing I didn't like about the new Rover was the annoying console between the front seats, but I leaned over it an rested my head against Jason's shoulder. It was a quiet ride home, we didn't need words, just being together was beautiful. Jason pulled to a stop in the driveway and then leaned down and kissed the top of my head.
"Oh no you don't," I said, pulling his lips down to mine.
Jason finally had to come up for air. "What's wrong?" he said.
"You don't miss much, do you?" I shifted in my seat. "What am I going to do about your mom?"
"Why do you have to do anything?"
"It's important to me that she approves of our relationship."
"Why?"
I shot him a death stare.
"Okay, okay, I get it. Seriously though, I don't know what you can do. I've tried to reason with her, but she just thinks I'm thinking with my—well lets just say not my head. It's frustrating, you know, I've always been able to talk to her, but she just has this thing about you."
"Thing, you mean like in dragging you halfway across the country and getting you shot?"
"I'm sure that's part of it, but it's like I said before, she's afraid of you." He thought for a moment. Best thing I can say is talk to her, you know woman to woman, maybe she would understand."
"I don't know. Truth is, I'm afraid of her too."
"Why?"
"She might not realize it, but all she has to do is put her foot down and I would leave you."
"Not a chance, besides, we've been through this, you and me are forever, or at least for as long as you'll have me."
I looked up toward his mother's room. "You better go, you don't want her to get the wrong idea, not after today." I opened my door and climbed out. We met at the back of the Rover. "I love you."
"I love you."
I started toward the creek.
"Picnic at the lake?" Jason called after me.
"Sounds perfect. How about in the afternoon, you can pick me up at the house say around three o'clock."
"So late?"
"Sleep in." I blew him a kiss and darted off through the woods toward home.
Chapter 3
The first few days of school—before break—hadn't been bad, more or less just folding back into a similar routine, but since the football picnic things had changed. At first it was subtle, whispers, sideways glances and a wide berth in the hallway and at lunch—places we crossed paths with the freshman. But like I had feared, by the second week it began to spill over into the sophomores and juniors, even some of my senior classmates seemed to doubt our original story. Up until now, I was pretty sure Jason was unaware of what was happening. If I was being honest, this was probably the exact distraction his mom was worried about. Jason and I—arm in arm—pulled up in front of my calculus class.
"See you at lunch," Jason said, brushing back a stray strand of my hair.
"I don't know, I may stay and work on math, some of this stuff is really confusing."
"You don't need help with math. What's going on?" He leaned down and pressed his forehead against mine.
"You know me so well," I whispered.
"I bet he gets her pregnant again," a boy said to the guy next to him as they passed us.
Jason spun around and grabbed the kid by the front of his shirt and yanked him off the floor. "What did you say?" his voice boomed. The kid gasped as Jason slammed him up against the wall.
"I didn't mean nothin' by it, honest," the boy whined. "I'm sorry."
Jason let go and the kid dropped down on wobbly legs. "Don't tell me, tell her." Jason yanked the kid around until he was facing me. Behind him a crowd was gathering, probably expecting a fight. "Sorry," he half whispered.
"I didn't hear you," Jason said, "and it better sound like you mean it or you and me aren't finished." Jason grabbed him by the back of the collar and shoved him toward me.
The kids eyes were welling up with tears when he looked at me. "I'm sorry." He turned toward Jason. "I don't know her name."
"Izzy, my name is Izzy."
He looked back at me. "I really am sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you, I'm just trying to fit in that's all, honest."
Jason let go of him.
"I'm sorry, Izzy, honest. No hard feelings?" He reached for my hand, but I pulled back. Tears were running down his cheeks now.
I leaned forward slightly and whispered. "It's not true, none of it's true."
His expression saddened like he suddenly realized the gravity of what he had been saying. "I really am sorry."
"I know," I whispered back. "Ever think you'd fit in better if you did what you know is right?"
He wiped his eyes just as Jason yanked him away from me. "Don't you have a class to get to?"
"Yeah," the boy stepped back, "It won't happen again, I swear."
"It better not."
"Good luck on Friday's game." He pushed back into the crowd and disappeared. With the drama over, and a fight averted, the crowd dispersed quickly. It was a good thing too, because Mr. Mathews stuck his head out to see what was going on. "Is everything alright?"
"Sure," I said, "one of the freshman was lost."
Mr. Mathews chuckled. "Well that happens this time of year." He looked toward Jason. "You're the new quarterback aren't you Jason—Jason Whitaker."
"Yes, sir."
"I've watched a few of your practices, you look real sharp out there. I wouldn't be surprised to see you play at the next level. Of course you've got to keep your grades up."
"No problem there, sir, work just as hard at my studies." He glanced at me and added, "Just like Izzy."
Mr. Mathews smiled. "Well, if you're half the student Izzy is then you should have your pick of colleges. Well, good luck this weekend, I'm really looking forward to the game." He ducked back into the classroom.
Jason grinned. "I'll see you at lunch."
"Cute." I smirked. "Think you're pretty sly, huh?"
"Nah, I just know you."
"You better get to class, the bell is going to ring."
"Okay, see ya." He leaned down and gave me a quick kiss and then raced down the nearly empty hallway. The bell rang as he rounded the corner, but he should be able to make it to class before it stopped. I took my seat in calculus.
We had a pop quiz first thing, and then went over the problems after everyone was finished. I got 100%, but I'm not sure some of it wasn't luck. Calculus was really hard. Before I knew it the bell rang for lunch. Mr. Mathews reluctantly dismissed class. He didn't like the split class, but realized we had to eat—well at least the rest of the class did. 
I waited until everyone was gone and then asked, "Mr. Mathews, about question number four?"
"Ah, that was a tricky one, wasn't it, but you got it correct didn't you?" He shuffled through the quiz papers on his desk until he presumably got to mine.
"Yes, but I kind of guessed."
"Your work is fine, but... tell you what, we'll go over that one again when you get back from lunch."
"Sure, that'd be great." I got up from my desk. "So, I'll see you after lunch."
Jason was waiting at the corner for me and we walked into the lunch room together. I went through the line with him and got an apple juice to keep up appearances. I surprisingly liked the taste, as long as I only had a sip or two. Jason usually finished it for me.
"Hey," Cathy said, as Jason and I got to the table.
"How's it goin'," Alex added.
"Hope you don't mind if I join you," Matt said as he sat down next to Alex.
"Sure," I said hesitantly. This was weird. Despite being seniors, and Jason and Alex being big football stars and all we had maintained our 'outsiders' table from last year. Jason directed me around the table so he could sit next to Matt.
The boys immediately started talking about the upcoming game. Because of where we were sitting, I couldn't really talk to Cathy. She seemed more than a little annoyed.
"You mind?" A familiar voice said.
I looked up and Lisa and one of her friends were standing there with their trays. "Um, sure," I said.
They sat down across from us. Okay, this was really awkward. I glanced toward Jason, but as soon as we made eye contact, he turned away to continue his conversation with Matt and Alex.
I looked over at Lisa.
"You like my new makeup?" she said.
"Uh, sure, you look great." I offered. She'd toned it down considerably from last year—gone was the harsh orange line along her jaw.
"Do you do your eye makeup?" she asked, "it's totally awesome—I mean it's not something I would do, but you can totally pull it off. It's great."
"Thanks." Seriously, something I could pull off but she couldn't?
I glanced over at Cathy and we exchanged a 'what the heck is going on' look. There were no more surprises the rest of lunch, but as we were getting up to head back to class, Dillon and a few of his friends walked by. They ignored Jason and me presumably because of who we were with. I guess looking cool around the senior, popular kids, trumped picking on me. Jason slid his arm around me and we headed for the doors.
"So, what do you think—about lunch?" Jason said.
"Kind of awkward. Wait, did you set that up?"
"Hey, we seniors gotta stick together, right?"
Matt and Lisa had gone on ahead of us, so I stretched up to kiss Jason—just a little peck—nothing to draw attention. In doing so, I wasn't paying attention and Dillon made a reappearance. As my lips touched Jason's, Dillon shot past and knocked the plastic bottle of apple juice out of my hand. Jason lunged at him, but I caught his arm.
"It's what he wants, to get under your skin. Heck, he might even be trying to get you kicked off the football team. You know the rules about fighting. Don't let him get to you like that," I said.
"You're right," Jason huffed, "but if he hurts you—"
I burst out laughing and when Jason realized what he said, he laughed too. "Okay, tiger, I'll see you after school."
"Count on it." Jason headed off toward his class, but as I turned to go toward calculus, someone grabbed my arm. "Oh," I said, turning toward the person, "Cathy, I didn't see you."
"We need to talk," she said.
"Okay, but class is about to start."
"I know, not now. Are you meeting Jason after school?"
"Sure, the usual place, down by the gym."
"Okay, I'm going to meet Alex too. How about after they go to practice—say the top of the bleachers—you know where we watched the games last year."
"Sure, okay, I'll see you then."
Cathy turned and raced off toward her class and I did the same, slipping into class just before the final bell. As promised, Mr. Mathews went over the problem I'd asked about before lunch.
There was something about the urgency in Cathy's voice that worried me. I knew she still had her sixth sense and that added to my concern. Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately, I couldn't think about it in calculus, or in Latin either for that matter. We had Art last period, but Jason was in our class and whatever it was, she didn't want to discuss it with him around. Mrs. Snyder had given the GT students the freedom to draw whatever we liked while she introduced some new concepts to the Art II students in class. I was just sketching, trying not to draw Jason, and Cathy was more or less doodling which was very unlike her. Jason on the other hand was very engrossed in his drawing.
"The creative God's not looking down on you today?" Mrs. Snyder said, walking up behind Cathy.
"I can't concentrate for some reason," Cathy said. No doubt whatever it was she wanted to talk to me about.
"How about you, Izzy?" Mrs. Snyder said, moving around to my side of the table. "Ah," she exhaled in admiration, "I don't think I will ever get used to the intricacies of your line work. The roses are beautiful. When you're finished, I think that would make a nice addition to your portfolio."
"Thanks."
She slid over to Jason's side of the table. Ah, the forest," she said, straining to see past him as he hovered over his work. "I guess it's getting close to hunting season and boys start—" Mrs. Snyder stopped in midsentence when Jason pulled back from his drawing. Her complexion turned a pasty, ashen color like she was going to get sick. Cathy and I both looked over at Jason's drawing.
"You know," Cathy mumbled.
I gasped. Like one of those visual illusion drawings that play tricks with your eyes, Jason had captured the macabre. They were subtle, lost in the background but when your eyes found them, they were so powerful they jumped off the page. Eyes—familiar eyes—eyes that meant danger—the historian's eyes.
"Well," Mrs. Snyder finally said, "this is something quite different for you, Jason. I must admit the eyes are startling." You could tell the drawing was messing with her vision as she squinted to refocus. "I think evil might be a better description. Very powerful, very powerful indeed." Mrs. Snyder steadied herself and then moved on to one of the other tables.
"Jason?" I asked, "Are you okay?"
He shook off what seemed like some sort of delirium and looked at me. "Not sure where that came from." He crumbled the drawing and tossed it in the waste basket then just sat there with this blank expression that I couldn't read. There was no question he didn't want to talk, I don't think he knew where the image came from. After the final bell, the three of us met Alex by the boys locker room.
"So you guys want to tell me what's going on?" Alex said, obviously picking up on the tension.
No one replied.
"Okay," He turned to Cathy, "Is this about lunch?"
"No, no," Cathy said, "it's a girl thing." She turned to me for confirmation.
"Right." I said. "So we'll see you guys later okay?"
"Okay by me," Alex said.
I took both of Jason's hands and pulled them to my lips and kissed them. "Football Jason, concentrate on football, nothing else."
"Sure, football, that's what's important." His voice had an, 'are you kidding me' tone.
"Promise me, the first game is tomorrow night, the beginning of your senior season."
"Right, okay, sure, football." He still didn't sound convinced.
"I love you." I kissed him.
"I love you, always." With that, he pushed open the door and he and Alex slipped into the chaos of the locker room.
"Come on," Cathy said as soon as the door closed.
I followed her out to our spot at the top of the stadium bleachers. It would be awhile before all the various fall teams started trickling out to the fields.
"Based on your reaction to Jason's drawing," Cathy began, "I'd say you didn't know, but then, how did Jason?"
"You must have done that—maybe subconsciously."
She shook her head. "I don't know, that's never happened before. It doesn't matter though, you know now."
"You mean about the eyes?"
"Yeah, what else?"
Not wanting to get Cathy anymore involved than she already was, I said, "They belong to somebody from the past."
She put her hands on her hips and shot me this incredulous stare. "Seriously, you're going to try to put that over on me? I know he's from the past. I know he's close, and I know he wants to harm you and your family."
"When you say 'you and your family'—"
"Jason's included, but even more importantly, you—he wants you."
I lowered my head realizing the danger Cathy was exposed too. "We can't talk—"
"I know, I know, but why is he focused on you?"
I shook my head. "I don't know. Do you know when, or how?"
"No, but I think there is time, the visions are faint, they lack definition. Clarity will come as the time grows closer."
"Okay, for now, can you just let me know when your vision changes?"
"Sure, I can do that."
"Thank you." I unconsciously put my hand on her arm. She didn't flinch. "I'll never forgive myself for what I did to you."
"Are you kidding? You changed my life—healed me. I never fit in, but now I know why and I'm okay with it. You found my place in the universe."
"Don't you think that's a little heavy."
"Maybe, but it's true."
"Oh look, the football team is out on the practice field," I said to change the subject. "Let's go watch."
We walked down by the fence and not another word about Cathy's vision was spoken.
* * *
I met Jason after practice. He was in a good mood for awhile, probably the adrenalin high from the exercise, but as we sat together his mood slowly grew more somber.
"It's okay, Jason—me, my family, we got this."
"I want to believe you, but I have a bad feeling about this. There's something different, something more personal this time, I just can't put my finger on it."
I leaned over and kissed him, but he didn't respond. "You really are afraid."
"Yeah, I'm telling you, this is bad, but I'm not sure how, or why."
"Okay, Cathy basically said the same thing." I left out the part about him targeting me.
"Really?"
"Yeah, but she said the vision was foggy, which she says means it's far off, nothing to worry about for now."
"So you expect me to compartmentalize?"
I cradled his strong, rugged jaw between my hands. "We're safe, just a couple of high school kids, enjoying their senior year."
"For now."
"Yes. I love you and I can't wait to see you out on the football field tomorrow night—you're going to be magnificent."
"I can't hold a candle to you. I love you so much and I can't wait to show the world just how much."
"What are you talking about?"
"Not a chance, you'll have to wait and see for yourself."
"I'm intrigued. I hate to cut this short, but I need to get home."
"Sure, I understand, they need to know. Say hey to the Faulkners for me."
"I will." I opened the door and climbed out of Jason's Rover. "I love you."
"I love you. See ya."
I closed the door and Jason drove off. I got in my car and fired up the engine, gunned it a few times to let the anger seep into me and then headed for the exit.
* * *
I pulled into the school parking lot early Friday morning. My family took the news about our vigilantly, vampire in stride although Benjamin was deeply concerned about how much Cathy knew. We both agreed however, that there was probably nothing either one of us could do about her special powers at this point. I needed to focus, to trust Cathy's intuition, this day needed to be about Jason and football. What was it he said I was asking him to do? Right, compartmentalize. That's what I needed to do. There would be time for the other and Benjamin and my family would come through like they always did. "Football," I said. "Jason," I added. Just then I saw the roof of his Rover over the top of the hill and got out of my car to meet him.
Jason skidded to a stop next to me and hopped out wearing his football jersey, #10.
I waved my hand next to my face as though I were faint. "Oh my."
"Be still my beating heart." He pointed and flashed a toothy grin. "Just kiddin'."
I ran around the front of his Rover and jumped into his arms. "You are gorgeous!"
"Well, it's a big day."
"The game tonight?"
"Sure, that's part of it, but the way I see it, this is the first day of the rest of our lives and I can't wait to get this show on the road." He set me down, wrapped his arm around me and we started a slow stroll toward the school. "Oh wait, I forgot something." He pulled me along back to his Rover. "I got you something." He reached in the passenger's side and pulled out a present. "Go ahead, open it."
"Now?"
"Yeah, now."
"Okay." He didn't have to tell me twice. I quickly tore open the package and held up a Warrior # 10 Jersey in my size.
"Go ahead, put it on... yeah, now." He smiled a devilish smile. "Need some help with your top?"
"Would you?" I turned my back and pointed to the clasp at the back of my blouse. I thought his knees were going to buckle. I laughed as he undid the clasp. I slipped on the jersey and then wiggled out of my blouse underneath it, pulling it out from the jersey's right sleeve.  I tossed my blouse in the back of my car and then posed. "Perfect fit."
Jason's smile was from ear to ear and his heart was racing. "You're going to have to show me how you did that one day."
"Secret girl stuff."
"Right. Well, we make a perfect pair."
I smiled. "That we do."
Jason took my hand and we resumed our stroll across the parking lot.
Chapter 4
I was so wrapped up in Jason and the excitement about the first game, I forgot it was Friday, one of my morning meeting days with Ms. Moore. Jason was disappointed I had to leave him—even offered to wait outside her office for me—but I told him to go on ahead and enjoy the pregame excitement with his friends.
"Sorry I'm late," I said leaning in through the open doorway to Ms. Moore's office.
"Well, it's a big day, I understand."
I closed the door and sat down in the chair across from her desk as usual, but as I did, Ms. Moore got up from behind her desk.
"Why don't we sit on the couch?" She led me over to the couch that was bathed in the morning sunlight. I was glad I had spent the extra time painting my skin. "How are you holding up?" she said as we sat down.
"Well, the stuff about last year all over again still bothers me."
Ms. Moore nodded. "Well, you certainly have come a long way in a short time." She put her arm across the back of the couch as she turned toward me. "Last year, you would have just said, 'fine'. The fact that you can acknowledge the issues that affect you is a giant step forward. I am so very proud of you."
"Thanks, but I don't really feel any different."
"Well, let me ask you this, do you want to run away from the problem?"
"No, but that doesn't mean it's easy."
"Of course not. Throughout our lives, we are going to face difficult decisions, but the courage to be ourselves and face those challenges is what makes us who we are—makes each individual special in their own right."
I didn't reply.
"How are you dealing with Dillon Curly—anymore incidents?"
"Nothing important, he bumped into me after lunch and I spilled my drink, but it was no big deal."
"Hum." She thought for a moment. "How is Jason handling it?"
"He's overly protective, but he realizes that Dillon is just trying to provoke him."
Ms. Moore smiled. "Jason is a very wise young man. I'm sure he has you to thank for at least some of that control." The first bell rang. "Oh, I forgot we have shorter classes today for the assembly, but there's one more thing we need to discuss."
"I don't want to be late," I said, hoping to avoid any further discussion about Dillon.
"I'll give you a pass for class." She seemed to think—no concentrate—for a minute. That couldn't be good. "Coach Singleton and I had a conversation about you the other day."
"Coach?"
"Yes, he thinks the world of you, as a student, a friend to Jason and the football team. I must say, I've never heard him go on about a student like he did you—not even one of his athletes. He thinks you are something really special and I told him I couldn't agree more."
Okay, this was really awkward, nothing like I'd expected.
"Coach Singleton asked if you would participate in the pep rally this afternoon. I told him I thought it was a wonderful idea, but that I would leave it up to you. What do you think?"
"I—I—I don't know." I looked up at her. "I'm not sure I'm ready for that kind of attention you know."
"Because of Dillon?"
"Partly, but you know I prefer to be more in the background. I love cheering for Jason and the team, but—"
"I'll tell you what, why don't you think about it for a bit, but Izzy, there's nothing to be afraid of I promise you. You have Coach Singleton for Computer Programming—"
"Second period," I interjected.
"Well I'd love to see you be a part of the pep rally and I know Coach Singleton is hopeful, but like we agreed, we will leave the final choice up to you. Think about it and let Coach Singleton know after class. How would that be?"
"Sure," I said, "I can do that." I would have agreed to almost anything to avoid making a decision at that moment.
Ms. Moore went around to her desk and scribbled out a note for first period. I stood as she walked back to hand it to me. "Are you wearing glitter?"
I quickly stepped out of the sunlight. I guess I hadn't done as good a job with the paint as I thought.
"Don't be embarrassed, I'm sure all the cheerleaders added glitter to their makeup for today. I bet you would have been an outstanding cheerleader."
"Not really in the cards for me."
"Well, athletics aren't for everyone. Oh, and Izzy, don't mention anything about the pep rally to anyone, Coach Singleton means for it to be a surprise—a motivational surprise." She handed me the pass and escorted me to the door. "Have a great day. I look forward to seeing you at this afternoon's pep rally."
"Thanks, thanks for everything." I waved to Cathy's mom who smiled like she knew what we'd been talking about, and headed to class. Great, no pressure.
I handed my pass to Mrs. Burns and took my seat by the door—same one as last year, but I'd hardly put my books down before the bell rang. Jason met me at the corner of the hallway and walked me to my next class, Computer Programming. Jason's smile was so infectious, his warmth boiled up inside me.
"Yeah," he said, "I feel it too. Do you have any idea how lucky we are to have found each other?"
"I do."
"I like the sound of that." He winked. "Listen, I gotta run, my next period is on the other side of the school." He kissed my hand, and ran down the hall.
"A fine young man that fella of yours," Coach said, he was standing just inside the door.
"Yeah, he sure is."
"Shall we?" Coach ushered me inside and closed the door.
I could see the question in his face, but he didn't ask, he let me have what little time there was to make my decision about the pep rally. It was also clearly evident that he was hoping that answer would be yes.
Class started and we flipped our books open to where we left off last class. I glanced up at the clock. We were on a shortened class schedule so I didn't have much time. Coach walked past me several times during his lecture. He was standing next to my desk when he told us to logon to our computers for today's exercise. I typed in my user information and hit the return key and gasped at the picture that appeared on my monitor.
"What in the world?" Coach said, leaning over my keyboard. I pushed away, my chair crashing into the desk behind mine. The two boys on either side of my desk gawked at the picture.
It wasn't just any picture it was the picture of a seductive vampiress. She was scantily clothed in sleek, leather undergarments, a trail of blood ran from her fanged, mouth disappearing between her full, breasts. Her prey, a muscular, half naked man lay across a stone alter, blood from the wound on his neck ran down a groove carved in the stone and dripped into a bronze chalice. 
"I need to be excused, Coach." I stood and started for the door.
"The hall pass is on the corner of my desk," Coach called after me.
I grabbed it and raced out into the hallway, closing the door behind me. There was no point in running so I flopped back against the wall, slid down to the floor and let my face sink into my hands. I should be angry, dangerously angry, so angry I couldn't control myself—I would have been last year—but all I felt was humiliation. Jason, I thought, he will hear about this, and then what? "He can't know," I mumbled.
"He won't." Coach grunted as he sat down next to me. "I'll get to the bottom of this, you can count on it. The list of students who know enough to do something like this is short—very short."
"I don't have to remind you about last year. It feels like we can't escape it, no matter what we do—how hard we try. Maybe it was a mistake coming back."
"You and I both know you don't mean that. Take a minute—catch your breath—you're stronger than this, I know you are, I've seen it with my own eyes."
"It's not the same Coach. It's nothing like just running down the field and catching a football to show up a bunch of immature guys."
Coach smiled. "That's where you're wrong, this is easier. Those boys last year, they were tight, no one was going to break their ill founded allegiance, not even me, but you found a way. Compared to that, this is a no brainer—you got this, girl." He gave me a light slug on the shoulder to imitate what the boys did. "I'll get to the bottom of it, and Jason never has to know."
"But the two boys—"
"Already taken care of, they're on the team, and on board. You think they're going to go against what their coach says?"
"Are you sure?"
"Yep, we got this covered. There is one thing you can do though, be a part of the pep rally this afternoon."
"Coach," I moaned, "I wasn't sure before this happened, now, how could I possibly participate."
"Because of it. I know that fire in you—you want to hit this head on, but you're afraid. I understand that and I don't blame you one bit. You can get past the fear, I know you can, and then, well you win—you and Jason. I'd venture to say you stand up there this afternoon and all those problems you and Jason are dealing with will just fade into the distant past."
"You sure?"
"I gotta feeling."
"You said, 'stand up there,' what would I have to do?"
"Nothing, just wait until I call your name and then come stand next to me—that's it."
"Okay, I guess, for Jason."
"And for you. You take whatever time you need, I'll see you back in class."
"I'm ready." I got up with Coach.
"Thatta girl." Coach opened the door and we went back into class. Just like he said, the boys who sat on either side of me acted like nothing had ever happened. Of course, once they were away from Coach it might be a different story, but maybe Coach was right, maybe my participation in the pep rally would show the other kids I wasn't going to be pushed around. That was how Cathy did it. I just hoped it wouldn't make things worse for Jason.
* * *
Student's," the Art room speaker blared with Ms. Moore's voice, "as you know we have a pep rally later this afternoon. At this time would just the varsity cheer squad and varsity football team report to the gym. Thank you."
Jason leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek as he got up. "Try to sit where I can see you."
"I'll sit on the aisle."
"Perfect. Love the jersey." He smiled and then left.
I had had difficulty concentrating yesterday, but today was impossible. I kept feeling like this was going to be totally humiliating and that I shouldn't have agreed. Coach could do that, make you believe something—probably why he was such a good coach. At any rate, it was too late now.
"You okay?" Cathy said.
"Yeah, just exited about the game tonight."
"Me too. Alex said the team we're playing is pretty good, I think they finished like second in our division last year." 
"Jason said the same thing." I laughed.
"What's funny?" Cathy said.
"Listen to us. You remember the two shy, Emo girls from last year? Look at us, talking football and dating jocks and everything."
"And everything," Cathy echoed.
"That's not what I meant."
"I know, and you're right, we've changed—more than just that—we're both happier. I can't wait for the game."
"Me either, but I'm nervous about the pep rally," I confessed.
"Why?"
"Coach asked me to participate."
"Really—and you agreed?"
"I wasn't going to, but—" I motioned to two girls on the far side of the room that were staring. "I felt like I had to try something. Coach thought it might help."
"I wish I was that brave.
"You are, besides all the adversity you've overcome, just sitting with me is brave especially knowing what I am."
"What are you?" Mrs. Snyder said, totally surprising us.
"Nervous," I recovered, "about the pep rally."
"Coach asked her to participate," Cathy said.
"Is that why you're wearing the jersey?" Mrs. Snyder assumed.
"No, it was a present from Jason. It's supposed to be a secret—my participation."
"Well, it's just a few minutes before we're dismissed so I'm sure your secret is safe. You girls have a nice time."
"I'm sorry," Cathy said as soon as Mrs. Snyder was gone.
Before I could say anything, the speaker on the wall made a static crackle and then Ms. Moore's voice, "At this time, would the seniors please make their way down to the gymnasium—just the Senior Class. We're going to dismiss each class separately this year."
Cathy and I got up with the few other seniors in our class and headed out into the hallway. Our lockers were close, so we stopped and dropped off our stuff. When we got to the gym, the cheerleaders met us and told us to sit toward the bottom of the bleachers. They were going to sit us by class from the bottom up. I didn't see Jason or the rest of the team anywhere, nor Coach, but the school band was seated at the far end of the bleachers. As I'd promised, I found aisle seats near the back of our class for Cathy and I.
"At this time would the Junior Class please make their way to the gym," Ms. Moore announced. The anticipation increased as each class was dismissed and the gym began to fill.
"Are you nervous?" Cathy said.
"How do I look? Is the jersey too much?"
"Nervous, check." Cathy made a little checkmark in the air. "You look perfect, as usual."
The gym doors finally closed, and Ms. Moore stepped up to the podium. She welcomed us and then began to lay out the guidelines of acceptable behavior for the pep rally. We stood for the Pledge of Allegiance and then the band played The National Anthem.
I'd been so wrapped up in everything that I hadn't realized just how crowded the gym had become, but it didn't take long for the human scent to become overwhelming. It was early fall, but still plenty warm and in the tight confines of the bleachers people were getting sweaty and with that, a heightened scent. I was glad I was on the aisle, but it wouldn't do much good for very long. How could I have been so stupid? Of course this was going to be a problem.
Cathy nudged me. "You'll be fine," she whispered, just concentrate... muddled masses...muddled masses."
"Why don't we open the doors," Ms. Moore said.
The janitorial staff members that were present opened both the doors to the hallway, and the doors to the outside. Ms. Moore grabbed the papers on the podium as a stiff breeze blew through the gym. I turned to Cathy and winked.
"See," she said.
I couldn't help wonder if Cathy had seen this coming or maybe even caused it. Whatever pathway I had opened up inside her was really special, and the way she embraced it, I knew it was a blessing and not a curse.
Next, Ms. Moore introduced the cheerleaders and they took the floor. Lisa led the first cheer and then the JV girls joined them in a second. Then it was the pom's turn and they danced to a rousing song played by the band. As they finished, I could see Coach and a few of the football players out in the hall. This was the big moment. Lisa led the cheerleaders to the far side of the gym where they picked up a huge paper banner with the word Warrior's painted on it. I remembered helping Mrs. Snyder with last year's. I looked and found her standing by the closest door to the hallway. She seemed to notice me looking, smiled and waved. I waved back.
We all stood with the band as they played a few opening bars of the Warrior fight song. The cheerleaders held the banner across the double doors where the team was gathered on the far side.
I expected the band to go right into the fight song, but they stopped and for just a moment, we stood in silence. Then we could hear it, faintly at first, but it built as the entire football team did some kind of pregame chant. Suddenly, the band started the fight song and the team burst through the paper banner as the entire student body stomped in unison with the band and cheered. If my heart beat, it would have been pounding out of my chest with excitement and pride. I was so happy for Jason.
The football team, in their jerseys and surprisingly their helmets too, jumped and slapped fives with each other as the cheering continued. Finally, the boys folded in on Jason and Matt, put hands in and did another chant, then raised their hands, wiggling their fingers toward the ceiling and ended with a loud, "Warrior's". They pealed off to the side of the gym and took a knee like they did on the football field when Coach was speaking.
Coach Singleton joined Ms. Moore at the podium. Ms. Moore took the microphone.
"Students, I don't believe I have ever seen such an enthusiastic response—we've had some wonderful years as you can see by the banners displayed around the gym, but never in all my years have I seen this kind of support for one of our athletic teams. Give yourselves a round of applause." After a short pause while we clapped, Ms. Moore waved her arms to quiet us down. "I know you all are excited, but try to take it a little easier on the bleachers, they're not in this year's budget." Most of the kids laughed. "Well, a man who needs no introduction, the foundation of our sports programs and the head coach of the varsity football team, I give you Coach Singleton!" She stepped aside. Coach fumbled with the microphone trying to get it lose from the podium, but finally gave up and stepped away toward the center of the floor and the team.
I looked at Cathy and gulped. If I was going to be involved at all, I assumed it would have been well before this, but if it was still going to happen it was going to be soon.
"You got this," Cathy whispered.
"Right," I replied, but my nerves showed through.
"On behalf of the football team, I want to thank you for your enthusiasm, and you have a lot to be enthusiastic about. This year's team is by far the best group of athletes I have ever coached."
Everyone jumped up and started cheering. Lisa and the cheerleaders stepped in and led all of us in another school cheer. The band concluded with the last few bars of the fight song before Coach quieted us down.
"Our Freshman Class may not know it, but each year we dedicate our upcoming season—oh, sometimes it's lofty expectations for the season, an injured player or players, and once in awhile, just for a win."
Everyone laughed, because everyone knew we had a shot at a championship this year.
"Some years I let the team decide," Coach continued, "but this year, I decided who we were going to dedicate the season to—mind you, the team agreed whole heartedly." Coaches eyes scanned the crowd until they came to rest on me. "Izzy Faulkner, would you come down and join me on the floor?"
There were snickers and a few grunts, even a few boos. I was frozen, I couldn't move.
Cathy nudged me. "Go on."
"Izzy?" Coach walked to the base of the aisle where I was sitting and held out his hand.
When he said, 'participate', I had no idea this is what he had in mind. I glanced toward the door and made eye contact with Mrs. Snyder. I think she could see the fear in my eyes. She began clapping. Ms. Moore was next, then the entire football team stood and started clapping. Head down, I slowly stood and descended the stairs to Coach. When I reached the bottom, he motioned me to the center of the gym. He stood beside me. He raised his hand and the gym fell silent. The team, simultaneously sank to one knee. Ms. Moore walked over, handed me a small bouquet of blue and white mums and then stood on the other side of me. I glanced up at her and I had never seen such a warm smile from her. I looked over at Coach and he was beaming.
Coach cleared his throat and looked out over the students particularly up toward the freshmen and sophomore classes. "I heard 'em, you heard 'em, the doubters, the nay sayers—and we know who you are. But I'm here to tell you that not a one of those students—not one—knows anything about this fine, young lady or what she did for this team last year." Coach leaned over and whispered to me, "Do you mind if I say you're adopted?"
I shook my head.
"Last year, Izzy discovered she was adopted about the same time as our starting quarterback went down with an injury. Now that's a lot to get your hands around—how would you react if you found out you were adopted? See what I'm sayin'. Well then, a bunch of the players had this misguided alliance to their fallen teammate and well, to put it bluntly, quit. They quit on the team, the school, themselves and they took it out on the new guy, the guy who had to step in and try to salvage our season." Coach cleared his throat. "Didn't matter what he did, or what I did for that matter—wasn't goin' to happen. I'll never forget that day—as long as I coach—as long as I live. See, the boys wouldn't catch the ball—could hit 'em right in the face and they still wouldn't catch it. I had 'em running laps each time they dropped one—I think most of the receivers were running laps. One boy, Alex Struther had the courage to catch 'em. Boys were real hard on him too." Coach looked over toward the team and presumably Alex.
I glanced up for just a moment to see Cathy's proud smile and truthfully, to see if there was a vat of animal blood hanging over my head.
"I'm hear to tell you I was beside myself, the season, my job, and ultimately the boys reputations were on the line. I gathered the team, and they took a knee like they're doing now, but before I could speak, I looked away to hide the hurt—see those boys didn't know it, but they'd broken their coach. Well, I looked up and here she came, stomping across the practice field—skinny little girl, dark makeup, a new student, an outsider. I knew her, she was in one of my classes, but not much more than that. She walked right up to me and said, 'Coach, I can catch the ball.' Now I told her no way was I going to put her out there on a football field with a bunch of head strong, morons."
Some of the football players laughed. I glanced over and saw Matt kneeling next to Jason. Matt pointed at me and smiled.
"You know what she said to me?" Coach shook his head like he still didn't believe it. "She looked me right in the eye and said if she caught the ball and the boys didn't word would get around the school. Then she said, 'Could you make a better point? Could you make it any faster?' I had nothin'. Oh, I knew I was bending the rules." He looked over at Ms. Moore and winked. "But even though I knew I might regret it, there was something about the fire in this young lady that said, I can do this, so I let her.
True to her word, she showed those boys a thing or two—and let me tell you, this girl can run like the wind." Coach looked back up into the crowd of students that were eerily quiet. "Now I told you I knew the risk and I have no doubt she did too. We were real careful at first, but the boys just weren't gettin' it, so I sent her long for the score—she made an NFL highlight catch in the end zone. One of my hardheaded players wasn't too keen on her catch and tried to tackle her—I'm telling you, she had no pads, just a shirt and a pair of gym shorts—if I recall, she was barefoot. The entire team saw what was about to happen, the gravity of the injuries she could sustain—it played out right there in front of our eyes as if it were in slow motion. But, the football god's shown down on us that day and the boy hit the goal post instead of that selfless girl that put it all on the line for the team. That was the turning point for that team. They went on to win their last two games and more importantly, formed the foundation for the hard work and determination that this year's team has shown. Ms. Moore, faculty, boys and girls, that girl is Miss Izzy Faulkner and it is my honor to dedicate this year's season to one of the bravest young women I have ever known." Coach stepped back and started clapping.
The faculty joined him immediately as did the team, but the students started slowly, a few here and there as I imagine they took a moment to think about what they had thought about me. I didn't notice, but Matt had gotten up and walked over to me as the applause very slowly increased.
Matt took off his helmet, smiled, and set it down next to me. Before he got back to his spot on the floor and took a knee, another player got up and presented his helmet—I didn't even know him, then Alex, and the rest of the team one-by-one built a ring of helmets around me. Finally, Jason appeared in front of me. He took off his helmet knelt down and set it at my feet. He looked up, winked and then shrugged. 'I didn't know, I love you,' he mouthed silently. Then, he stood and took his place with the team.
Coach glanced down at his watch and then toward Ms. Moore. Ms. Moore walked back to the podium and dismissed the assembly. As everyone started for the doors, the team poured in around me to congratulate me. I was overwhelmed.
As the gym quieted down, Coach stepped in. "Okay, okay, lets break it up, we've got a game to get ready for. I expect to see all of you back here no later than five thirty, got it?"
"Yes, sir," the team echoed in response.
Jason bent down and picked up his helmet. "Make a fist."
"What?"
"Make a fist and hold it out in front of you."
"Okay," I said, puzzled.
Jason took his helmet and tapped my fist. "For luck."
Alex did the same thing, then Matt and then one-by-one, the entire team. Good thing I wasn't human or my knuckles would have been bruised.
Coach and Ms. Moore walked over when it was only Jason and I left.
Ms. Moore winked. "I don't think there will be anymore rumor problems, do you?"
"Thank you," I said, "I don't know what to say."
"You don't have to say anything," Ms. Moore said, "When Coach told me about what happened, well, I thought it was one of the most inspirational, selfless acts I've ever heard."
Coach stepped in and gave me a hug. "Dang girl, you're solid, not sure we don't have a spot for you on this year's team."
"Thanks Coach, but I think my football days are better left in the past."
Chapter 5
I stopped by the house after school to check in. I kind of liked doing that now, and I know Elizabeth and Benjamin appreciated it. I was really surprised when I walked in, there was a lot of furniture in the house, most of it looked new—not new like new style, but new to the house.
"Ah, there you are," Elizabeth said, gliding up to me. "how was school?"
"Crazy."
She looked puzzled. "I'm afraid you'll have to choose another word if I am to understand."
"Uh, well, how about wonderful, fantastic, amazing, incredible?"
"You are describing your day, not your young suitor?" Benjamin said, joining us.
"Yes, it was an amazing day and I still have the game tonight."
"Ah, football," Benjaim said as he exchanged a glance with Elizabeth.
"Would you guys like to come?"
Elizabeth gawked, but quickly regained her composure. "It would mean a lot to you?"
"Yes, and I know it would mean the world to Jason if you came to see him play."
"Perhaps later in the year when it is colder and the game is after sunset," Benjamin suggested.
"Really? You'd really put yourself out there like that for us?"
"We love you dear," Elizabeth said, "we would do anything for you and certainly we owe young Jason our gratitude. If he would enjoy our presence then we will make an effort to attend a game."
"Perhaps in a few weeks time," Benjamin added, "but you must explain the intricacies of the game to me before we attend. Ah, but with all the talk of football, what was it that made your day so amazing?"
"Can I tell you later? I want to hunt before the game, today was a little overwhelming."
"I thought you had your thirst under control?" Elizabeth said with obvious concern.
"I do, it's just we had a pep rally—all the students in one place—and it was a little much. I'm just being cautious."
They both nodded their approval.
"I hate to just pop in and then run out again, but I don't have a lot of time before the game."
"We understand," Elizabeth said. You should change, you don't want to get blood on Jason's jersey."
"He gave me this one, but you're right. Maybe I'll take it with me so I don't have to come all the way back to change. Are any of my things here yet?"
"Yes," Elizabeth said, "Melanie and I moved your things into your room this afternoon."
"Thank you. Well, I should run."
I raced upstairs and put on a tee shirt and then headed back downstairs with my new, jersey tucked in the back of my jeans.
"Thanks again, guys," I said as I headed for the back door.
Benjamin called after me, "Try the west side of the valley I saw a herd there last evening."
The corn fields, although withered, had not yet been harvested and provided good cover for me, and a food source for the dear. Even so, the hunt took longer than I'd planned—the dear population was seriously depleted—and I had to settle for a yearling, but it would do for the time being. The sun had yet to set when I made it to Maple Avenue and in the distance I could see the stadium lights. They weren't needed, but they would be before the game was over and they added a special atmosphere.
I changed tops, and decided to just leave my bloody tee shirt behind. I don't know whether I was just distracted or what, but I made a mess of the kill. I felt sorry for the animal, it deserved better than to struggle like that—to face it's final moment on this earth in fear and pain—especially due to my ineptness. I shook it off as best I could and started a fast jog toward the school.
The first thing I noticed when I got to the school, was the two local news vans in the parking lot. There really must be a lot riding on this opening game. The band was already playing The National Anthem when I paid and then headed through the gates. When I got to the bleachers, Cathy waved at me from our spot, so I jogged up the aisle toward the top.
"Oh, Hi, Mrs. Whitaker," I said as we made eye contact. "I hope you don't mind if I sit with Cathy."
"Of course not, you should be with your friends."
"Thanks." I started up the stairs, but stepped back down to her row. "He'll do fine—heck, what am I saying—he'll be amazing tonight, he wants this so bad."
She looked up, the worry etched in her face. "There's so much riding on this game, I don't know if he's ready for this kind of pressure."
I sat down on the step next to her. "I guess you've seen the news people then?" I said.
She nodded.
I patted her on the knee. "Don't worry, I've seen him under pressure and he is amazing." I stood. "You'll see, at the end of the night, you're going to be so proud of him."
"I'm proud of him win or lose." she said.
"I know—me too, but winning is so much more fun. Enjoy the game." I raced up the steps and got to Cathy just as we kicked off.
Coach hadn't overstated our defense, they gave up a first down, but forced a punt after that. I was glad I'd decided to hunt before the game as Jason and the offense took the field. That churning sensation that boiled up inside me—the one I'd grown to love—was very powerful tonight. I would have to be very careful with Jason after the game.
We drove down the field in a relatively conservative manner, a bit surprising given the strength of the offense I had witnessed on the practice field, but they must be going easy to calm the jitters and avoid mistakes. I thought they were close enough for a field goal, but Coach elected to punt. We pinned them on their own five yard line.
While our defense was on the field, Jason came back to the water jug behind the bench. He looked up and spotted me right away. I smiled and waved. He nodded—no wave—but I figured he was in game mode, he had that look of determination on his face. Our next drive would be a good one, I'd bet on it.
Our defense held them to a three and out. Alex jogged out on the field to receive the punt. He caught the ball at about the opponents forty yard line. He made some amazing moves and returned the ball all the way to the original line of scrimmage. The crowd was going wild.
Jason led the offense out onto the field so fast that the opposing Coach called a time out. Jason looked up at me, that beautiful toothy smile of his was visible even under his helmet. He laced his fingers together and then forced his palms outward to stretch them.
Nice diversion, I thought.
The referee stepped away from the ball and the teams lined up. We were lined up tight, like it was going to be a run, but then Jason called some numbers and the receivers spread out across the line of scrimmage. The defense quickly started spreading out. We hiked the ball on Jason's first call and he followed Matt through the center of the line and into the end zone untouched—touchdown!
The crowd erupted with cheers! The band played the fight song and the cheerleaders jumped and screamed to their routine as loud as they could.
Jason took a knee, then got up, turned and pointed directly toward me. His hand turned to a fist, and he pounded it once against his heart. He and Matt then jumped and bumped chests and then jogged back to the sidelines.
"Did you see that?" Cathy said.
"He did that for you."
If a vampire was allowed to feel what heaven was like, I felt it right then and there.
We scored twice more before halftime and Jason made the same gesture toward me each time. The opposition never crossed the fifty yard line before halftime. The whole team pointed up to Cathy and I as they headed back to the locker room for halftime. I was so thrilled, I hugged Cathy.
"Sorry," I immediately said as I released her. "I didn't hurt you did I?"
"No, it's fine, I get it, you're just excited—I know I am."
"Yeah, Alex did great, that runback to the five and then the touchdown catch, amazing."
Cathy flopped down on the bleacher. "I need to catch my breath."
I sat down with her.
The team came out with that fire that Jason instilled in his teammates and played incredibly. I felt it—of course for me it was a completely different kind of fire—and although he didn't always realize it, I was his in everyway I could be.
As the final seconds ticked off on the scoreboard, I couldn't help think back to the time I'd watched those crimson numerals flash by thinking they signified the end of everything. 00:00, the game was over.
"Come on," Cathy shouted.
"You go ahead, I'll be there in a minute."
"Okay." Cathy ran down the bleachers almost falling when she hit the landing.
I looked out over the chaos on the field as the majority of the students that were at the game poured out onto the field to congratulate the team. I saw Jason momentarily, but he vanished in the sea of celebration. Coach looked up at me and smiled when he walked back behind the bench to put away his headset and clipboard. He really did have such a warm smile and I was so happy for him. While he was standing there, one of the sports broadcaster's and his cameraman walked up to him for an interview. I could have listened if I wanted to, but I knew he would give the credit to the team, it was who he was—a very special man.
As I surveyed the area, I saw Jason's mom, still in the stands, talking with a few of the other parents—ah, I thought as I listened in, she was accepting their congratulations. How perfect. Could the night—the day—been any more perfect? When the crowd began to thin out I walked down to where she was sitting.
"Told you," I said.
She looked up at me and scooted over for me to sit with her. "Yes, yes you did."
I sat down on the bleacher next to her. "You must be so proud, why aren't you down there with Jason, sharing his big moment?"
"I could ask you the same," she said.
"There will be time, later. Go ahead, I'm sure he's looking for you." I twisted to the side so she could get past me.
She took two steps down the bleachers and then turned back. "Why don't you join me?"
"Thanks, that's nice of you, but you go ahead, I'll be along in a few minutes."
"You sure?"
"Yes, he will always be yours first, always."
I picked up the heightened sense in her scent. She had that warm, adoring emotion pulsing though her, and she should, she had every right to be proud of her son. She smiled briefly and then walked down to the field. I watched her all the way until she found Jason. It wasn't difficult, he was where the camera lights were. It was so Jason the way he pulled her into view of the camera and gave her a big kiss. It was a perfect family moment, one they both deserved, they had been through so much. But as I watched them, I began to wonder if I fit in that picture. Sure, Jason and I had incredible chemistry, but our worlds were so different and I would never make him part of mine and I could only pretend to be part of his. I sighed, that worry was for another day. Suddenly I realized Jason's mom was leading him over to where I was sitting. The cameras were gone, so I got up and walked down to meet them.
Jason grabbed me, pulled me into his arms and gave me a huge hug. And then—right there in front of his mom and anyone else who was standing there—kissed me. Not just a warm, affectionate kiss, but a kiss like—well like there was a whole lot more to come. When he finally came up for air, he looked at me with those beautiful, chocolate eyes and said, "Well, what do you think?"
There was really only one thing I was thinking, but I said, "About what?"
"The salute."
"Oh, you mean when you score?"
He winked. "Yeah, that one."
True I couldn't blush, but I was so embarrassed I looked down at the ground. 
Jason eased his grip on me. "Did you see it Mom? The whole team is going to do it, every time we score—we all agreed—it wasn't even my idea."
"Really?" I said, looking back up at him.
"Yeah, it was Matt's idea, he's a huge fan of yours after what you did for us."
"He's the running back, the big boy?" Jason's mom said. "I thought he wasn't—well lets just say, in your corner."
"No Mom, after everything that went down last year we're tight and he thinks Izzy is something real special." He kissed me. "I couldn't agree more."
We started for the exit.
"Hey," Jason said, "I gotta go change, but how about we grab some pizza—the three of us?"
"I don't know, you kids—"
"Sure Mrs. Whitaker, we'd love for you to join us." Truth is, I meant it. Right now—after that kiss—wasn't the time to be alone with Jason.
"Perfect, How about you two go on ahead and grab a table, I'm sure the place will be packed. I'll meet you there. See ya." Jason ran off toward the locker room.
"Do you need to tell Elizabeth you'll be out late?" Jason's mom said.
"No, she knows I was going to go out with Jason after the game."
"She's very trusting."
"She adores Jason, she knows I'm safe when I'm with him." There was so much of that I shouldn't have said. Mrs. Whitaker didn't adore me and she definitely didn't think Jason was safe when he was with me. "Well, I'll meet—"
"Do you have your car here?" she asked.
"Actually, I rode with Cathy."
"Well, why don't you ride with me, my car is right over there."
Perfect, a nice little friendly ride with Jason's mom—alone.
It was a quiet ride. We talked a little about some of the game highlights, but nothing personal. It was probably better that way.
The pizza place was packed like Jason said, but when Mrs. Whitaker put her name on the waiting list, the guy asked if she was Jason's mom. When she said she was, he said he would see what he could do. He came to get us just a few minutes later.
"Right this way, we have a special table for you. Your son will be joining you lovely ladies, yes?"
"He should be here any minute," Jason's mom said.
"Wonderful. Do you suppose he would pose for a picture? We like to put signed photographs of the local athletic stars on our walls to add to the decor—it keeps it current, you know." He waved his hand toward the entrance and sure enough, there were autographed pictures on the walls—kind of a sports bar theme I'd never really noticed.
"I'm sure he'd be glad to," Jason's mom said.
"Excellent. What can I get you two ladies to drink?"
"Water would be nice," Jason's mom said.
"I'll have the same," I added.
"The usual for Jason?" he said to me.
"Sure," I said, "I'm sure he'll be really thirsty."
"Ah, I'll make it an extra large then." The waiter bowed and retreated to the kitchen.
"The usual?" Jason's mom said.
"We come here a lot, it's kind of the high school hangout."
"After all these years." Jason's mom pointed toward the entrance. "See the photo—third from the right at the top?"
"Yes."
"That was my high school sweetheart, he was the running back like Jason's friend Matt."
"That's pretty cool." It was clearly not Jason's father in the picture and it occurred to me that this was probably a not so subtle hint about high school sweethearts not being a permanent thing. I figured I should play along. "Is that Jason's dad?" I asked.
"No, I didn't meet Tom until college—I think I was a junior when we met."
"That sounds nice," I said, not knowing what else to say.
"There you are," Jason said, sliding into the booth next to me. "What are you talking about?"
I started to point to the photo, but thought better of it.
"We were just talking about life after high school," Jason's mom said.
Jason rolled his eyes and gave me a sympathetic glance. Just then the waiter brought our drinks and asked if he could take Jason's picture.
"Sure," Jason said.
I shook my head when he reached for me. This definitely needed to be a picture of just him. Thankfully, he didn't press it, his mom would not have been too pleased if I was in the picture. He went with the waiter over by the counter and posed for the picture and then promised to come back and sign it after the photo was developed.
"Ah, life in the spotlight," Jason joked as he slid back into the booth.
Jason's mom smiled, but said, "Jason told me about your big day at school. How nice for you."
"Thank you, it was totally unexpected, I wasn't even sure I was going to go through with it."
"But you did," Jason's mom said.
Jason picked up on her hidden meaning. "You know why she did it?" he said.
"Well," Jason's mom began, "I'm sure the attention—"
"No!"
"Jason, please keep your voice down," she said.
I put my hand on his arm and when he looked over at me I gave my head a little shake. I didn't want to be the cause of ruining the evening.
"No, Mom, that's why she almost didn't do it. I keep telling you this, but you're just not getting it—Izzy is my number one fan, even over you. She would never do anything to take away from what I do, or who I am. Heck, she makes me who I am."
His mom's face hardened, but it looked more hurt than angry. I squeezed Jason's arm, but he pulled it away.
"I love you Mom, and I love Izzy, she's my future. What she did was selfless. She stood up in front of the entire school—let Coach make a spectacle of her—to try and stop the rumors from spreading."
"Rumors?"
"The stuff from last year. Derricks little, moron brother started it and a bunch of the freshman were trying to show off by making fun of us. It was going to happen, sooner or later I was going to punch one of 'em, and well, goodbye football season."
Just then the waiter arrived with the pizza and Jason and his mom ate in silence. I guess I was always going to be that girl to her, no matter what I did, and while I was glad Jason didn't let it get between us, I hated what it did to their relationship. Jason's mom flagged down the waiter for the bill.
"Oh, no, no, no," the waiter said, "it is on the house." He turned to Jason. "Thank you so much for the photo and good luck this year." He bowed and headed off toward another table.
"Well, I guess we should be going," Jason said. He stood and I slid over to the edge of the seat.
"Where?" Jason's mom said, "It's late, I'm sure the last movie has already started."
Jason pulled me up next to him. "We'll probably head over to Izzy's place."
"Aren't you too tired to work on the house?"
"We moved in today," I interjected.
"Your parents will be up?" She directed the question to me.
"Yes, they'll be up."
"Satisfied?" Jason huffed. "We'll walk you out to your car." He took my hand, we waited for his mom, and then silently followed her out to her car. Jason held the door while she climbed in behind the wheel.
"Not too late," she said as she started the engine. Obviously she was worried about the, 'what teenagers do alone at night' thing.
"I'll see you in the morning, mom." Jason pushed her door gently closed although it was obvious he would have rather slammed it.
She hesitated, but then drove off.
"Sorry about that," Jason said as he turned toward me.
I forced a smile. "Well I guess the 'nothing good happens after midnight' thing isn't just for our generation. "So, you really want to visit my parents?"
"Uh, not exactly, but—"
"How about down by the river where we had our first date?" I offered.
His face lit up. "I think I put the boom box in the back of the Rover the other day."
"Well, what are we waiting for?"
Chapter 6
Coach came by my workstation toward the end of class on Monday. "You must be real proud," he said.
I nodded.
"You plan on coming to all the games, home and away?"
"Yes, of course."
"Could I ask you to do something as a personal favor, and for the team?"
"I suppose," I said, remembering the last time I unknowingly agreed to one of his favors.
"Well, after last weeks game, we're going to have a target on our backs for the remainder of the season. We're the team that everyone is going to be ready for—put in that little extra effort. I was wondering if you would mind standing down by the gate so as the team takes the field you could slap each one of the boy's helmet? It'd be kind of like you did at the pep rally, but faster, more energizing."
"So I just have to stand there and hold my hand out, right?"
"Then you'll do it?"
"For you Coach, anything."
"You still driving that sweet Malibu? A 66 isn't it?"
"Yep, a 66. It was my brother's idea, but it's a nice car."
"Nice, you kiddin'? I had one when I was in school—really loved that car." The fondness for his old car shown in his expression. The bell rang and he looked up to address the entire class. "Okay, don't forget the homework and we have a quiz tomorrow on basic HTML code."
"You're welcome to drive it sometime, Coach," I said as I logged off and gathered my things. 
"Careful, I just might take you up on it."
"I'm serious, anytime. Did you ever figure out who changed my computer logon settings?"
Coach scratched his head. "You know, the kids these days are pretty sharp when it comes to computers, but there are always traces left behind, almost like fingerprints."
"Well I'm glad you figured it out."
"Truth is, I didn't. I can't figure it—I'm pretty good at this stuff, but I couldn't find a trace, not one—even called in a colleague from the school board computer support staff to have a look and best he could tell, your account was hacked from outside the school."
"Seriously?"
"Now don't get your britches in a bunch—oh, excuse me, I didn't mean that the way it sounded."
"Not a problem." I winked.
"Well, I don't want you to worry. The computer support folks down at the Board of Education are looking into it."
"You'll tell me what they find?"
"You bet, and don't worry that pretty little head of yours over it. I'm sure it was just some random hacker playing around."
"You won't say anything to Jason?" I asked.
"No, this is just between us although I think Ms. Moore is going to want to send a letter home to your folks explaining the situation and the steps we're taking to provide a safe environment for our students."
"That's not really necessary. I better get going, I don't want to be late for Calculus."
"Calculus? Whew, you go girl."
I headed out into the hallway and an anxious Jason.
"Problem?"
"No, Coach just asked me to do something for the team."
"Cool, what?"
"He wants me to stand at the gate with my hand out so you guys can run past and bump your helmet's against my hand as you take the field—for luck he said."
"Awesome, that ought to fire the guys up."
"That's what he was saying. He said everyone is going to be extra prepared for you now, because of Friday's victory."
"You mean shellacking, but he's right, we're going to be the team to beat."
"We better hurry," I said.
We ran down to the corner, and then split up to go to our individual classes. I got into Calculus just as the bell finished. Mr. Mathews looked a little annoyed, but I think he liked me and didn't say anything.
My thoughts drifted back to what Coach said as Mr. Mathews went over some problems that I understood. I had only considered that what had happened with my computer was either Dillon—although I doubted he was smart enough—Derrick certainly wasn't—or someone else in school. But now, as I thought about it, there was another possibility. It seemed extremely unlikely—Cathy would have warned me, but I couldn't rely entirely on Cathy.
"Izzy?"
"Yes," I looked up to an empty classroom.
"The lunch bell rang," Mr. Mathews said, "Do you have a question on one of the problems?"
I got up from my desk. "No, I understand these."
"Well, I'll see you after lunch."
Jason was waiting outside the door and immediately picked up on my anxiety. "What's up?"
"Nothin'."
"Seriously, I know you better than that."
I stroked his bristly cheek. "I'm fine, just wondering how your mom is going to take me being involved in your pregame ritual. I didn't think of it when I agreed."
"You shouldn't let her get to you like that."
"You didn't argue with her when you got home Saturday, did you?"
"No, I promised you I wouldn't, besides, I can't think of anything else to say. I guess she's just going to have to come around to this on her own, unless?"
"I can't, Jason, I just don't feel right talking to your mom like that."
He put his hands up like he was surrendering. "Okay, just sayin', might help."
We joined Cathy and Alex at our table—no Matt or Lisa this time although they did stop to say, hey—and talk about the game and regular school stuff. I couldn't help it, and kept looking over to Cathy expecting some kind of indication she wanted to talk, but nothing. Toward the end of lunch, Jason and Alex went over to talk to some of the other boys from the team.
Cathy shrugged. "What?"
"I just wondered if anything changed with your visions."
"No." She scooted closer. "Why? Did something happen?"
"I'm not exactly sure." I leaned closer. Last week someone put a picture of a sultry Emo girl on my computer. I thought it was just Dillon or one of his friends, but Coach told me today that it came from outside the school."
"You don't mean Emo like in what we wear, more like what you are?"
I nodded. "I mean maybe it's nothing, but—"
"What are you two whispering about?" Alex said, walking up behind us.
Cathy spun around abruptly. "It's just girl stuff, okay?"
Sure, sure." Alex backed away as Jason walked up.
"About time for the bell," Jason said. "Shall we?" He offered me his arm.
I pulled up, and the four of us walked to the door.
Once we were in the hall, outside the cafeteria, Alex turned to me. "Did you notice?"
"Notice?" I looked to Jason for some clue as to what Alex meant.
"No rude comments," Alex explained, "no whispers, no stares or bumping you around."
"Yeah, I guess you're right, there wasn't any of that." I said.
"Coach was right," Alex said."
"Coach is always right," Jason concluded giving me a heart felt squeeze. "Well, I guess it's that time. See you ladies in Art." He leaned down and kissed me and then we all headed toward our classes.
* * *
"You excited?" I said to Cathy in the passenger seat next to me.
"Yeah, and a little nervous."
"Because of that whole, 'team to beat' thing?"
"Yeah, what if they intentionally try to hurt our guys?"
"The coaches can't tell 'em to do that."
"Sure, I know, but the boy's could decide—Alex isn't that big—I mean some of the players are huge—especially the linemen."
"I see your point, but I'm sure Coach has them prepared, they'll protect each other."
"Alex said the guys on Catoctin's team are really big."
"Is he worried?"
"No, he's in denial—that male testosterone thing." She laughed.
"Well, here we are." I said as I turned into the Catoctin school parking lot. "You okay with me going down to the sidelines at the beginning of the game, right?"
"Sure, Alex said the team really thinks it's cool that you're doing that for them. I'll get us seats at the top of the bleachers."
Since we were the visiting team, all the fanfare was on the home side of the field. Even so, as our boy's ran past me and brushed their helmets against my hand, a lot of the home fans started booing. I think it kind of had the opposite affect you'd expect, because our guys seemed even more energized by it. As soon as we finished, I raced up to join Cathy. She said she was fine, but despite her knew found normal, she was obviously nervous. Knowing what she did, I think she kind of felt protected when she was with me.
"See how big they are." Cathy said as the other team took the field.
It was my turn to laugh. "I think they're more like cows than cougars though."
As it turned out, slow came along with big and they just couldn't keep up with our tempo. At halftime, we led 21-0.
Coach put some of the second and even third string players in the game in the second half. I think he knew he needed to build depth for the more difficult games ahead and the experience would be good for the younger guys, especially next year. The home team bleachers were emptying quickly by the middle of the fourth quarter. The final score was 45-7.
Obviously being the visiting team, there was no big fanfare at the end of the game, but Coach gathered the boys at the far end zone for a quick word. Cathy and I walked down to the track that surrounded the field while he talked. I saw Jason's mom, but she made no effort to speak, so neither did I.
Cathy and I were rounding the turn on the track when the boys jogged across the field to the waiting busses. They stayed in full uniform, including their helmets until they boarded the bus. It must have been what Coach was telling them in their post game meeting.
It was a quiet ride home, and I began to wonder if Cathy was having visions, but whatever was going on with her, she didn't say anything. I let it go as just one of those 'Cathy' moments. We got to the school before the team bus.
"Your visions?" I asked out of curiosity.
"It's not always about you!" Cathy shot back.
"Okay."
Just then, the bus turned into the parking lot. I opened my door and started to get out.
"It's just Alex didn't get to play much in the second half." Cathy mumbled.
"He had two touchdown catches, over 100 combined yards, so he had a great game."
"How do you—ah, never mind—I suppose you're right."
"And, you didn't have to worry about him getting hurt." I added. "Come on, lets go meet the bus."
Besides the parents, there were a surprising number of kids waiting for the team. Everyone cheered as the guys exited the bus. Alex was one of the first guys out, and he ran over to give Cathy a big hug. She was all smiles—as she should be. Jason didn't come out until toward the end.
"Hey," he said, as he got to me—no hug.
"You look tired."
"Yeah, I don't get it."
"You were awfully wound up before the game, maybe you just got to hyped up."
"Maybe you're right." He put his arm around me, but it kind of just hung there.
"You're only human, you've got to manage your energy level."
His incredulous look obviously indicated he didn't think my remark was funny.
"Short night tonight?" I said.
"You mind?"
"Yes, but I understand."
"Thanks." He leaned over and gave me a little kiss. "Mind waiting for me?"
"Of course not." I looked out across the parking lot. "I'll wait for you over by your Rover."
He looked over at it and smiled for the first time since getting off the bus. "Okay." His arm dropped from my waist and he started toward the gym. He was the last one though the doorway.
"Jason okay?" Cathy said as she walked up next to me.
"I think he just got too hyped up before the game—kind of an adrenalin crash."
"Alex says that kind of thing happens. I'm sure he'll be okay. We're going to get pizza, want to join us?"
"Jason said he wanted to make it an early night, but thanks."
"We talking about the same Jason?" Cathy said.
"Weird, huh?"
"You know he's crazy in love with you. You're not worried are you?"
"No, not about that, but you know his mom had a heart problem—it almost killed her, I'm just wondering if maybe Jason—"
"Jason what?" he said, walking up beside me.
"See ya." Cathy spotted Alex coming out of the building and ran off to meet him.
I put my arm around Jason's waist and turned him toward his Rover. "Come on, let's get you home." We walked silently across the parking lot.
Jason, hit the auto unlock on the key fob and the Rover's marker lights blinked as the doors unlocked. "So what were you saying to Cathy about me?"
"I'm just worried about you, that's all."
"And?"
"You had a physical before the season, right?"
He opened his door and tossed his gym bag in the back seat. "Just spill it, what are you talking about?"
"I was just wondering if they checked your heart, you know your mom—"
"They checked it while I was in the hospital. I'm fine, well, not exactly."
"What's wrong, is it the same thing as your mom?"
"No, they said my heart didn't belong to me."
"What?"
His beautiful, but tired face, lit up with a smile. "I told them I knew that, that it belonged to you." He groaned when I punched him in the arm. "I guess we should talk. Mind sitting for a few?"
I was around the back of the Rover and in the passenger's seat before he sat down behind the wheel.
"I didn't want to say anything, but well, I guess I just can't keep anything from you."
"No, you can't, but you don't ever have to, we're 'all in', remember?" I said.
"I know, it's just I don't have an answer for this one—no idea."
"You're scaring me. What is it?"
"I need a place to stay, I can't go home, not after this afternoon."
"Your mom?"
"Yeah, we had it out. I told her I'd had enough and I was moving out."
"You can't," I said, "you can't do that to her."
"I know, I felt really bad about the way I stormed out before the game, but I'm tired of it, I just can't deal with her attitude anymore." He hung his head. "For all I know, she's lying dead on the kitchen floor."
"She's fine, I saw her at the game."
"Really, I'm surprised she came the way I talked to her—no yelled at her."
I cupped my hand against his cheek. "I'm sure she knows you didn't mean what you said."
He took my hand, pulled it to his lips and kissed my palm. "But I did, I meant every word."
I knew the answer, but I asked the question anyway. "It was about me again, wasn't it?"
Jason shifted uneasily in his seat.
"Maybe it's best if I—"
"Don't start." Jason said. "You're not going anywhere. We're not taking a break. We're not changing anything—we're forever." He looked over with tears in his beautiful, chocolate eyes—it broke my heart to see him hurting like this.
The headlights on a car across the parking lot came on. The engine started and then whoever it was drove off. We were the only ones left.
"If you really think it will help, I'll try to talk to her." I couldn't believe I just said that.
His sad expression didn't change. "Nah, I don't think it will help, especially after tonight's game. She didn't even know about the helmet thing with you when we argued. I bet she just loved seeing us do that."
"She hates me that much?"
"We're only two games in and she's already saying the season is becoming more about you than me. I told her it wasn't about either one of us, it was about the team, but then—well then I lit into her about the way she treats you." He paused for a moment before continuing. "But I meant every word of it, every one."
"Start the engine." I said.
"What?"
"That's a police car."
"I don't—"
Just then a car crested the hill and turned into the parking lot. The headlights washed over the front of the Rover. Jason started the engine, but as he put it in gear, the red and blue lights on the roof of the approaching police car started flashing.
"Great," Jason said, "just our luck." The police car pulled up next to us and Jason rolled down the window. The harsh white light from the officer's flashlight flooded the car.
"Jason, Jason Whitaker, right?" the police officer said, turning off the flashlight.
"Yes, sir," Jason said.
"I'm Officer Burns, we met at the hospital last year."
"Oh, right, I remember."
"That your girlfriend?"
"Yep."
"I'm Izzy."
"Well, nice to meet you after all this time." He turned to his partner and said quietly, "She's the one they thought tossed him across the room."
The partner leaned forward to get a better look at me. He chuckled. "What, all 100 pounds of her." he said under his breath.
Officer Burns turned back to Jason. "How's your mother?"
"Better." Jason said.
"Well, glad to hear it. You should probably be getting Izzy home, don't you think?"
"We were just getting ready to head out—kind of got caught up talking about tonight's game."
"Who'd you play?"
"The Catoctin Cougars."
"Well I imagine you dismantled them pretty easily."
"Yes, sir, we did."
"Glad to hear it—I got ten bucks on you winning the championship this year."
"Well, I'll try not to let you down."
"You two have a nice evenin'." Officer Burns winked at Jason and then pulled away.
"Do all guys just assume—"
"Star athlete, smokin' girlfriend?" Jason shrugged.
"Ahh." I huffed. "Just drive."
Jason slipped the Rover into gear and we headed for the exit.
"So you think your parents will mind if I stay with you?"
"I mind."
"But I let you stay—"
"That was completely different and you know it. Besides, look how that turned out. No, you're going home."
"Izzy, you don't understand—the things I said, it's just not that easy."
"Oh yes it is. You're going to march right in there and apologize. We'll never get this worked out if you run away—besides, after all she's done for you—for me—I can't believe you'd just turn your back on her. That's not the loving, caring Jason I know and love."
He didn't say another word the rest of the drive. He also slowed, the closer we got to his house. Finally, he pulled in the driveway and turned off the engine. We sat in silence for a minute.
"Come on, Jason, you know this is the right thing to do." I opened the door and then got out.
Jason also climbed out. "So, you're coming to help, right?"
"Nope, this is all yours." I zipped around the front of the Rover until I was by his side. Our eyes, locked on one another's and we just stood like that, until I took his hands. "I love you, you know that. Your mom loves you, you know that too, and she knows you love her. Just go apologize."
His eyes begged for my help, but I let go of his hands and stepped back. "You sure?" he said.
"Yes. Hey, I know this isn't the best time to drop this on you, but I'm not going to be able to see you this weekend, but maybe it's for the best, it'll give you time to patch things up with your mom."
"Why not?"
"The dear population has gotten extremely depleted the last few months so, before hunting season starts and it gets even worse, we're going to go see if we can herd some this way."
"You're not thinking about leaving are you?"
"No, Benjamin and Tink think this will work."
"And if it doesn't?"
"Stop stalling, Jason, we're going to be just fine. Now, go and apologize." I looked toward the house. "She's coming downstairs. I'll see you on Monday." I was by his mailbox when the back door opened.
"Jason?"
"Yeah, Mom, it's me."
She stumbled down the back stairs. "I'm so sorry." She ran across the pavement to him and wrapped him in her arms.
"No Mom, it was my fault." Jason kissed her on the cheek. "I'm really sorry."
"Come on, it's cold out, let me make you some hot chocolate and we can talk."
"Sure, Mom, hot chocolate sounds great." Jason put his arm around her and they headed back toward the house.
Time for me to pick up my car and head home.
Chapter 7
While not a complete success, our efforts to divert more dear into the area was somewhat helpful. We also left our scent along some of their migratory routes which Benjamin hoped would turn more in our direction. There wasn't much more we could do. Before heading home, we hunted again, then regrouped on a ridge about thirty miles from home.
"Elizabeth—Mom, could we talk?" I said.
"What is it, child, what's been bothering you so? You were so happy just a few days ago. Are you concerned about our feeding grounds? I'm sure we are not going to have to relocate anytime soon, at least not until the end of your school year."
"I wish it was that simple." I slumped down against a fallen tree.
"What then?"
"It's Jason's mom, she hates me."
"Hates you? How is that possible, you're such a sweet girl and you and Jason get along famously."
"I'm not really sure she hates me, but more, what I am."
Elizabeth's face turned sullen.
"No, no, she doesn't know what I am, not like that. She thinks I'm bad for him."
"Explain what you mean by bad."
"I'm not good enough for him, I'm going to ruin his life, drag him down, like that."
"I suppose I could say the same about Jason."
"But I thought you liked him."
"I do, we all do, and what he's done for this family is truly remarkable. We will always be in his debt, but you yourself said he can never be a real part of our family and because of that, one day he will hurt you, it is inevitable, he is only human."
"I won't change him, or let him be changed, ever."
Elizabeth patted my shoulder. "I know." She thought for a moment and then asked, "What do you need from me?"
"Your advice."
She sat down on the log next to me. "Certainly. What did you mean by 'she hates what you are'?"
"She used to like me."
"What changed?"
"Me, I became this."
"What? What are you saying?"
"I didn't tell you this before, there didn't seem to be any point, but if you're going to try and help, you need to understand something, but you halve to promise not to overreact."
"Very well, I'll do my utmost to remain calm."
"Eleven years ago, before all this, Jason and I knew each other." Elizabeth did her best, but the shock on her face was evident. "I was around twelve and Jason five. Our mother's knew each other and used to go shopping in Port Angeles together. Jason and I would play hide and seek in the clothes racks and my mom said Jason's mother adored me."
"I see." Elizabeth said trying very hard to maintain an even tone.
"Of course, she has no idea I'm the same girl, but if she liked me then, why not now? Could I be that different?"
Elizabeth thought for a moment. "Do I recall you saying she lost her husband?"
"Yes, he was the one I destroyed on our way back from Washington."
"Ah," Elizabeth said, "and he still loves you so very much, even after that."
"You said Jason loves me? I thought—"
"Dear, I may not approve, but I am not blind to the ways of one's heart." She paused again. "The answer you are looking for is, yes. Yes, you can be that different, in so many ways. As a child, you posed no threat to her family, to her son, to her, but as the beautiful, young woman you've become, to a lonely mother of a single child, you pose an enormous threat. I would imagine she is frightened to tears that you will take him away from her."
"That's what Jason says. They even fought over it and Jason told her his heart belongs to me, but that she will always be his mother." I looked at Elizabeth intensely. "He even tried to runaway tonight—he wanted to stay with us—he thinks of us as his family."
Elizabeth's eyes turned sad. "Poor woman, I can only imagine how she must feel."
"How do I fix it?"
"You cannot, 'fix it', I am afraid only time can soften her heart."
"Jason thinks I should talk to her."
"Admirable, but what could you possibly say?"
"Jason thinks that if she understood just how much I love him, and that I'm not going to hurt him, she might ease up."
"The problem with that line of thought is, she already knows how much you love him, and how much he loves you." She paused as if considering. "Are you prepared to walk away from him?"
I shook my head. "I'm afraid that's impossible, we're meant to be together—after everything that has happened in our lives, from when we were children to now, we were destined to be together—I really believe that—Jason believes that."
"But you are from two different worlds now and you won't—"
"I don't know what the future holds, I just know we are meant for each other."
Elizabeth stood. "I am afraid I do not have the answers you seek, but I will think about what you have said. And Izzy, there is no need for the rest of the family to know what you have told me about your past."
"I understand." I got up and we joined the others. It was time to go home.
* * *
It was early Sunday afternoon when we got home and everyone went to their rooms to finish unpacking their belongings. Tink went to the garage, which was almost finished. I was standing at my window when I felt another presence in the room. I turned, and Elizabeth was in the doorway.
"Perhaps, young Jason is correct," Elizabeth whispered, very low so only I could hear. "Perhaps you should try to speak with his mother and tell her how you feel."
"You really think so?"
"What I know, is that you will not rest unless you try."
I raced over to her and gave her a hug. "Thank you. I think I'll go for a walk."
"Good luck."
* * *
I followed my old route along the creek until I was at the back of Jason's house. His Rover wasn't in the driveway so I could be certain he wasn't home. As I crept up the bank, I noticed his mom in her garden. This seemed too important for no preparation, but I had no idea what I would say anyway, so I would have to just give this my best shot—that was all I could do. I gulped, and began a slow walk toward her.
"Excuse me, Mrs. Whitaker," I said.
"Oh, you startled me." She stood from her gardening and brushed herself off. "Where—I mean how—" She glanced toward the driveway. "I didn't hear—you didn't drive?"
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude, I was—hiking—and I saw you. I was wondering if maybe we could talk."
Her gaze slowly dropped to the ground. "Izzy, I'm not sure that's such a good idea."
That was enough for me to retreat, but I reminded myself why I had pushed myself this far. I gulped again. "We both love him and want the best for him doesn't that make it a 'good idea'?"
"Very well."
"You already know that I'm in love with your son, and I'm sure you don't think I have any idea what that means, but you're wrong. Yes, I'm young—maybe not as young as I look—but I know how we—how I feel."
"I'm sure you think you understand your feelings, but there is so much more to love than what you feel, what Jason feels, and yes, I do think you're too young."
What was it Elizabeth said? Right, she already knows that you two are in love. This wasn't the right way to start the conversation. I glanced toward the creek, my escape route. I hadn't realized, but I was backing in that direction.
"You came all this way, I'm willing to hear what you have to say. Do you mind if we sit though, my knees ache after working in the garden?"
"Sure." I glanced over my shoulder. "The patio?"
I followed her around to the back of the house and we sat down across the picnic table from each other. That seemed to magnify our differences, her on one side of the table and me on the opposite.
"Izzy," Jason's mom began, "you're a sweet girl—"
"Why don't we be honest? You think I'm a disturbed, possibly psychotic kid that's going to drag your son down."
She slumped forward, but not before I saw the redness in her face.
"I accept that. Given what's happened since I came into your lives I don't know how you could think anything else."
She glanced up momentarily. "I'm sorry, but—"
"You don't have to be sorry, you're his mother, you're supposed to protect him. I respect that." I glanced toward the creek again, but plowed ahead. "I can't tell you about my birth parents or how I was raised—at least for that part of my life. As I'm sure you already know, I've only been with the Faulkners for a few years, but I can tell you they're good people, old fashion values that I admire and respect. They consider my relationship with Jason mere dating, nothing more."
"I'd like to meet them sometime, I'm sure it has been hard on them as well."
The it she was referring to being me. "Yes, it has been hard on everyone, but I'm not here about what has happened, we all know about that."
"Do we?"
When did I open that door? I wasn't going to do that. I pulled at my hair unconsciously.
"A young girl, like yourself, suddenly feels the need to find her birth mother, so much so that she drops everything, leaves her adopted parents and travels all the way across the country. Why? How? She finds her birth mother, only to leave almost immediately with a boy she hardly knows. Why? When she gets home, her adopted parents are gone. Where? Why? You say you found them, but you came back alone, oh, and lets not forget about witness protection. What I just can't understand, is why did you feel you had to involve Jason?"
"You forgot I got him shot." I looked up from the table for the first time since she began her tirade. Her face was flushed, but at the same time I could see sadness in her eyes. This is not what I expected—maybe what I deserved, but not what I'd hoped for. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have bothered you." I stood.
"Forgive me. I got carried away."
"You have every right—he's your son—you love him."
"Don't you? Please, sit down. I said I would listen to what you have to say."
I sank back down to the bench. I felt exhausted, drained, my mind was mush. Jason's mom seemed to pick up on my mood swing.
"You must love him very much to come and talk with me, on your own," she offered.
"I do."
She waited a moment, but when I didn't say anymore, she continued. "Did Jason tell you his father was a lawyer?"
"No, he mostly talks about how they used to hang out together."
"Well, Tom was a good lawyer and as such, he knew the importance of looking at a case from both sides. So please, go ahead, make your case."
Great, I just went from it to a case. "This is your fault." The accusation just came out of my mouth, but I kept going. "What kind of mother lets her son go traipsing off across the country after a freaky looking Emo girl he hardly knows? Not once, but twice, the second time even after that girl said she would abide by the mother's decision. And then, when that girl brings her son home—shot—she lets the girl stay with them. And this girl's parents, do you think that maybe they left because they were so hurt by what she did? But did it matter? No, she left them again and came back here because she chose your son over them." I looked up, noticing the deep scratches I'd made in the wooden picnic table.
"Touché."
"You must hate me." I whispered.
"No, I don't understand you." She shook her head. "I can't hate what I don't understand."
"I can't explain the magnetism between Jason and I anymore than I can resist it. I tried, with every fiber of my existence, but it is impossible. Even when I push him away, we're drawn back together."
"Jason has said much the same thing."
"I know what you must think, it's teenage hormones, but it's not, it's so much more than just the closeness, the kissing."
Her brow rose like she feared the worst.
"That's all, honest, I would never be that way with Jason."
"Never? Don't you hope to marry him?"
"Marry him? Why would you think that? We're too young, much too young."
"Yet you say you can't be apart."
I sat back a little, using my hands to discretely cover the scratch marks I'd made in the table. "I don't have all the answers—I don't have any of the answers—I wish I did. I wish I could tell you we would go off to college and then get married and have a family and live happily ever after, or maybe you'd rather hear we'd go off to college and grow apart and he'd meet someone more to your liking, but I can't—I can't."
The wind picked up shaking loose some of the first fall foliage. Mrs. Whitaker pushed a stray strand of hair, that had escaped from her ponytail, behind her ear.
"You frighten me." she said.
I tensed. Did she remember more about that night than she'd let on?
"The feelings you and Jason share are special, even rare, the kind of feelings that can set the foundation for a beautiful life together, the kind of feelings that take a son away from his mother." Her eyes met mine, hers red, and hurt, and sad. "I'm not ready to let him go—I can't." A tear ran down her cheek.
"I don't want to take him away from you."
She looked deep into my eyes and replied, "but he wants you to."
"Then lets agree that I will never take him away from you."
"Matters of the heart are not that simple, not that simple at all, and to a great degree, you already have. What happened between he and I this afternoon would have never happened before you." She slid her hand across the table toward me, but stopped halfway. She was still wearing her gardening gloves so I reached out and patted the back of her hand. I wouldn't call it a smile, but her expression softened. "Please don't hurt him, Izzy. I don't know what he would do if he lost you."
"I won't, I promise."
"With all that has happened is that really a promise you can make?"
"I love him more than my own existence. It's true, I don't know what lies ahead, but I will stand by him, protect him and love him for as long as he will let me."
Mrs. Whitaker pressed her hands against the table top and stood. She looked as drained as I felt. "Thank you for this. It helps to see just how much you care—you love him," she corrected. "And thank you for sending him back to me after the game."
I stood as she wrapped her jacket tighter.
"Do you need me to take you home?" she asked, looking again toward the driveway for my car.
"No, my cars not that far away."
She started toward the back steps, but stopped and turned back. "Izzy."
"Yes, Mrs. Whitaker."
"What you said just then, about how you feel, well, it sounded an awfully lot like wedding vows." She turned and continued on toward the back door.
I waited until she was inside before I walked down to the creek. I walked home, at human speed.
* * *
On Monday, Ms. Moore reduced our meeting frequency to once a week. She said we probably could have stopped all together, but that she enjoyed our time and that she wanted to be sure I was okay. Actually, I enjoyed it too, for the most part.
Jason was grateful for my talk with his mom, but wasn't really sure if it helped. We agreed that we'd done all we could and that we would just have to wait it out.
The next few weeks past uneventfully. There was nothing more from Cathy about my families stalker and the Warrior's continued their winning ways although one game was close, 21-17. Jason told me that he saw on the news that the number of days in dear season had been reduced because of the thin population. Between the shorter hunting season and our efforts, the population had increased and feeding was no longer an issue—at least for the immediate future. As for Jason's mom, well, she was more cordial although it was difficult to tell why, our talk, or fear of losing her son—probably the latter.
* * *
"Izzy," Benjamin said, "did you say tonight's game is an away game?"
"Yes, but it's not far."
Elizabeth joined us. "Would you still like us to come watch a game?" she said.
"Yes! Oh yes, Jason would be thrilled."
"Well, it's quite cold and the game time is well after dark, I think this is our best opportunity."
I was jumping up and down like a little kid at Christmas. "Oh, I can't wait to tell Jason."
* * *
Because Cathy rode with me, Benjamin and Elizabeth agreed to meet me in the parking lot of the opponents school and we would go in together. That would also give me time to let Cathy in on the surprise. I pulled up in front of Cathy's house right on time.
"Hey," she said as she climbed in the car. "What?"
"Uh, well, I've got a little surprise I need to let you in on."
"Cool, I like surprises." She seemed to pickup on my uncertainty. "But?"
I took a deep breath and spilled it. "My parents are coming to tonight's game."
"Your parents?"
"Yeah, I hope you're okay with that."
"Where are they? Are we picking them up?" She glanced around the tight confines of the interior of my car as if they could be hiding or something.
"No, I figured it'd be best if they met us there."
"Thanks for that. I think it's pretty cool they would put themselves out there like that for you."
"Yeah, it is, and I know Jason will be thrilled."
She put on the radio and half an hour later, we pulled into the North Hagerstown school parking lot. If my family was there, I knew they would be discrete, so I drove to the far end of the parking lot.
"Is that them?" Cathy said, pointing out the front window toward the darkest spot along the edge of the parking lot.
I pulled in a few spots away from them and shut off the engine and then hopped out of the car. "Tink, Melanie, I didn't know you were coming."
"Didn't want to miss all the excitement." Melanie said.
I gave them both a big hug and then turned back to the car. Cathy had gotten out, but was standing right against the side of the car.
"You okay?"
Cathy nodded.
"Would you like to meet my family?"
"Sure." Her voice waivered like she was anything but sure.
I turned to my family. "Slowly, one at a time."
They nodded that they understood and Melanie followed me over to the car.
"This is my sister, Melanie." Tink approached, "This is Tink, and my mom and dad, Elizabeth and Benjamin."
Cathy did a half curtsy. "Nice to meet you."
"Well," I said, we should head over to the stadium, I don't want to be late."
"We will follow your lead." Benjamin said.
Cathy and I led them across the parking lot to the gates. Fortunately I glanced down before Benjamin presented the money for our tickets—he had Confederate bills. Between us, Cathy and I had enough to cover our admission. Since we were the visitor's we were on the far side of the stadium. I kept looking back at my family as they took in the spectacle. Their expressions were priceless, even timeless. We were a few minutes late so we arrived at the gate to the field just as the team started toward the field for warm-ups.
"You mind waiting for a minute?" I said.
"Not at all." Benjamin said.
As I started toward the gate, I heard Cathy say, "It's kind of a ritual she does with the team—for luck."
As with previous games, each player ran past and brushed his helmet against my palm. Jason pulled up when he saw my family.
"You didn't tell me they were coming." he said.
"I didn't know until I got home."
Jason looked over at Coach. "Be right there, Coach."
Coach looked annoyed until he saw my family—the group that didn't quite fit the scene. He seemed to realize who they were.
Jason walked me over to where they were standing. "Mr. and Mrs. Faulkner, I'm very honored you would come to one of our games."
Benjamin clicked his heals. "It is our pleasure. We all look forward to seeing your prowess on the field."
"Izzy," A voice came from my side, "are these your folks?"
"Coach! Mom, Dad, this is Coach Singleton, he's Jason's football coach."
"Nice to meet you." Coach nodded toward Elizabeth. "Ma'am." And then extended a hand toward Benjamin.
Benjamin shook hands with a gloved hand.
"Quite a young lady you have there. She's something special. You both must be real proud."
"Very much so," Elizabeth replied.
"Well, it's a pleasure to meet you. Jason, we need to get this show on the road." Coach turned and headed back to the team.
Jason took my hand in his, and then bent down and kissed it. "Ah, who am I kiddin'?" He pulled me up against him and gave me a big kiss. "For luck!" he yelled as he ran back to join the team.
"This way." I said, and led my family up the aisle in the bleachers. Just my luck, Jason's mom was sitting next to the aisle about halfway up. She stood as we approached. This was not what I had in mind. All I wanted was for us to sit together in a remote section of the bleachers so they could see Jason play and not have to be uncomfortable around so many people. I had no choice, but to stop.
"Mom, Dad, this is Jason's mom."
"Nancy," she said, "I'm so pleased to meet you. Would you like to join me?"
"We were going to sit—" I started.
"How very gracious of you." Elizabeth said.
Jason's mom scooted down the row.
"We usually sit at the top." I said. "Jason looks for me there."
"Well," Jason's mom said, "I understand."
"If your offer still stands," Elizabeth said, "I would like to join you."
"Certainly." Jason's mom said.
"Are you sure?" I looked at her closely to see if Elizabeth realized what she was committing to, but also noticed there weren't that many people around. A stiff breeze toward the face of the bleachers had kicked up and should take care of any thirst issues, but it still left Elizabeth and presumably Benjamin in the clutches of Jason's mom.
"You kids go ahead and sit where Jason can see you." Elizabeth said. "Benjamin." The two of them slid in the row with Jason's mom.
"Okay if Tink and I sit with you?" Melanie asked.
"Sure." I gave Elizabeth a pleading look and led the way to the top of the bleachers. After my talk with her, this had to look like an all out onslaught to Jason's mom. Why else would I bring my mysteriously distant adopted parents? There was absolutely no doubt this was going to make things worse.
Chapter 8
The game was totally engrossing, but I occasionally noticed Benjamin or Elizabeth look up at me. Jason's mom even look up once. I tried to ignore the possibilities—there was nothing I could do about it now—but I knew they were talking about me and no doubt my relationship with Jason. As far as the game, I explained to Melanie and Tink what was going on—kind of a play-by-play. That at least kept my mind off what the parents were talking about. Cathy was quieter than normal, but I think she was a little freaked out about my family being there. At halftime, I walked down to Elizabeth, Benjamin and Jason's mom.
"So, Dad, Mom, what do you think?"
"A remarkable game, and your young man is extremely proficient in his role."
I noticed Jason's mom's grimace at Benjamin's use of the phrase, 'your young man'.
"Mom?"
"I can certainly see why you are so proud of Jason. He is a remarkable athlete." Elizabeth turned toward Jason's mom. "You must be very proud as well."
"Thank you, I am. I wish his father was here to see him play."
"It is such a shame about your husband. Izzy told us of his unfortunate demise."
I felt it, the same time I saw the recognition in Elizabeth and Benjamin's faces. We weren't alone, but whoever it was, was distant, only a faint scent on the breeze. I looked to the top of the bleachers and Melanie and Tink were both already standing. Cathy was clutching the side guardrail, her face hard, but distant—she was having one of her visions.
Benjamin and Elizabeth stood.
"Would you guys like to go and get some hot chocolate?" I covered.
"That would be nice," Elizabeth said as Benjamin stepped out onto the aisle. 
Melanie and Tink were quickly down the stairs to join us, too quickly. Jason's mom started to get up.
"Would you like me to bring one back for you? I'm going to get one for Cathy, I know how your knees are when its cold."
"Thank you." she said. "That's very thoughtful."
Benjamin bowed and Elizabeth curtsied. "It has been a pleasure to get acquainted." Elizabeth said. 
"Indeed," Benjamin added, "and a pleasure getting to know your son."
Without further conversation, I led them at a fast human pace around the track toward the concession stand and exit. I hated leaving Cathy like that, but I knew she was used to her visions and that she would probably be a little more at ease with my family further away.
"Could it be—" I began.
"Too faint to be sure one way or the other." Tink said. "What do you think, Benjamin?"
"The prevailing wind is from the East, the direction we came, perhaps it originates near home."
"Then the one who is tracking us." Melanie surmised. "Nathan is there, alone."
We stopped in a dark area of the track, furthest from any bystanders.
"You will make our apologies to Mrs. Whitaker." Elizabeth said to me.
"No! No, I'm coming too."
"Not necessary." Benjamin said. "It does not seem likely it is our pursuer."
"Then who?" I questioned.
Just then, there was a muted thump on the ground behind me.
"Nathan!" Melanie rushed into his arms. "You're okay."
"We have company," Nathan said to Benjamin, "but I do not believe we are in any danger."
"Why is that?" Melanie asked for all of us.
"The individual has been close, but shy's away if I get anywhere near her."
"Her?" I puzzled.
"I'm not completely sure, but yes, I think our visitor is female."
"Interesting." Benjamin stroked his chin.
"A trap?" Elizabeth suggested.
"No, I don't think so." Nathan said.
We all turned to Benjamin for his plan of action. "Izzy, you will make our apologies to Mrs. Whitaker. It appears that there is no immediate danger, so we will go and look into the situation."
"Leaving me out again." I complained.
"Nonsense." Benjamin scolded. "There is simply no need for you to leave the game or disrupt your evening with Jason."
"Okay," I huffed, "I'll stay for the game, but I'm coming straight home after I drop Cathy off at home."
We all glanced around our immediate surrounding. We were alone, out of the lights and anyone's field of view. Just like that, they jumped the fence and were gone. Moments later, Cathy appeared out of the shadows.
"Wasn't your family just here?"
"Yeah, they had to leave, to look into—"
"Your visitor." she said.
"Yes."
"I don't think she's dangerous, at least not to you or your family."
"She? That's what Nathan said."
"I definitely got a female vibe. I think she's looking for you, but that part was kind of fuzzy."
"We have to go back to the game." I said. "To keep up appearances. My family is going to find out what's going on."
"You sure?"
"You don't feel any danger, do you?"
"No."
"Neither did Nathan, so we'll just have to go with that for now." I looked out into the darkness where my family had disappeared and then back to Cathy. "Feel like some hot chocolate?"
"Sure, I'm freezing."
We walked over to the concession stand and got what looked like the last of the hot chocolate. We were halfway around the track when the second half kicked off.
"You think Jason will notice?" I said.
"That your family left? Maybe, but I'd be more worried he's going to notice how worried you are." Cathy said.
"Guess I'll have to put on a happy face."
"Yeah, Alex said if we beat these guys we have a legitimate shot at states."
"I'll have to take one for the team, right?" I shrugged. We laughed and started up the bleachers. I gave Jason's mom her cup of hot chocolate and explained that my parents had gotten cold and decided to call it an evening.
"Well, your mom did look awfully cold. I think maybe she get's a little stiff from the cold like I do." Jason's mom said. "Could you sit for a minute?"
"I don't know." I looked at Cathy.
"I'll save your spot." She turned and started up the bleachers.
I sat down, but neither Jason's mom or I said anything. The awkwardness finally got to me. "I didn't know they were going to come tonight. I don't want you to think we were ganging up on you after our talk, Sunday."
"No, no, I didn't think that at all." She took a sip of hot chocolate and then smiled. "Although it would have been a good plan. Your mother is charming and I can definitely see the old world charm you spoke of." We stood with the crowd as they groaned. Matt had fumbled and the opponents recovered the ball. We returned to our seats as things quieted down. "Your mother and I have a great deal in common concerning you and Jason's relationship, but we agree that as mother's we can't live your lives for you. We both vowed to make sure we are there for you should you need us."
"And you're okay with that?"
"Yes, I think after seeing how deeply involved your parents are with you, and how much they trust you, I can afford Jason the same courtesy."
Not exactly a shining endorsement of our relationship, but I would take it. I glanced up at Cathy. "If you don't mind, I don't want to leave Cathy alone."
"No, of course not. Thank your parents for sitting with me."
"I will." I got up.
"Make sure Jason sees you when you get to your seat, he seems distracted."
"Sure." I raced up the steps without spilling a drop of hot chocolate. "Want mine?" I asked as I scooted in next to Cathy.
"Thanks." She took a few sips as the steam enveloped her face. The wind had calmed considerably. "Jason doesn't look right, his head isn't in the game."
"Maybe he'll do better now that I'm up here with you—where he can see me."
"I hope so. This isn't that great a team, but Alex says when you have the kind of power our team does, you always have to worry about a slip up."
"I'm sure Jason's just distracted because my family left." I stood as the opposing team's quarterback through a deep pass toward the sidelines. The receiver made a great catch and sidestepped into the end zone. They missed the point after to make the score 27-21 in their favor. This was the first time we'd been behind this late in a game.
Alex only made it to our fifteen yard line on the ensuing kickoff—getting ahead of us seemed to energize our opponents. I looked over at Cathy as she stood. There was only one minute fifty seconds left in the game.
Jason's first pass was a quick read, but he and the receiver weren't on the same page and the ball went sailing over the receiver's head and hit one of the opposing player's right in the hands, but he couldn't handle it and the ball fell harmlessly to the ground. Jason kept looking up at me.
The next play was a run, but again, the energized defense stopped Matt after just a few yards. Jason looked up at me again. I glanced down at his mom and she was looking at me too.
"He thinks you're in danger." Cathy said.
"But I'm not."
"You need to tell—"
I raced down the bleachers as we hiked the ball. Jason got sacked. I ran past Lisa and the cheerleaders as the clock ticked down below a minute. "Time out! Time out!" I yelled as I crashed into the fence.
Coach turned around at the commotion I'd made and without hesitating, called our final timeout.
"You have to stay back from the fence." A security guard said as he walked up to me.
Coach appeared at the bench. "It's okay, she's with the team." He yelled to the security guard.
The guard must have known about our little season dedication thing, because he got this kind of evil glint in his eye. "Okay, but she stays behind the fence."
"Send Jason!" I yelled at Coach. He disappeared behind the boys on the sidelines, but seconds later Jason ran over to me.
"I'm okay, we're okay, everything is okay."
"But—"
"There's no time to explain. Run our play with Alex. Line up however you want to confuse them, but run our play." I grabbed him—it was impossible to kiss him through his facemask so I kissed his throwing hand. "Just do it—all in."
The referee blew the whistle, the timeout was over and the entire game—the entire season was riding on this one play—one pass. From what Jason had said in the past, the defense would be looking for us to just get a first down, and along the sidelines since we had no more timeouts. It was a long shot, Jason had never thrown the ball that far, but I knew he could do it. I ran down the fence line to where I could see them line up and the end zone. Alex turned and looked toward the goal from the huddle—no doubt doubting Jason could throw the ball that far.
They lined up in a spread formation which surprised me, it telegraphed it was going to be a pass, but when Jason started grunting out numbers, the receivers moved in tight—except Alex. One of the defensive players noticed just as their coach did, but we'd snapped the ball. The other coach was running toward the official trying to call timeout, but it was to late. Now, all we could do was hope that all the hard work and determination that Coach had talked about would be enough.
Matt took on two rushers knocking one down in what almost looked like a hold, but he gave Alex time to run down the field. Jason launched the ball to the empty center of the end zone. Matt and the other defensive lineman crashed onto Jason. The back judge threw his yellow flag. The entire home field side of the stadium stood as the ball reached the apex of it's trajectory. I'm sure most of them saw Alex racing toward the end zone but thought he could never get there. 
I glanced over at Cathy. She was screaming her lungs out. When I looked back, Alex dove for the ball. The referee came running in from the sideline looking, no staring at Alex the entire time. When Alex rolled over on his back, the referee's hands went up to signal a touchdown!
I screamed and jumped up and down as Lisa led the cheerleaders in a cheer, but beyond her, there were whistles blowing and hands waving at midfield. The stadium fell silent as the referee's huddled together to talk about the flag that had been thrown. I looked at the scoreboard and the game clock was at zero. Finally, one of the referee's stepped out by himself and addressed the home side of the field, making motions with his arms to signify the infraction. Personal foul—roughing the passer—blow to the head, number 35 of the home team is ejected from the game. The home side of he stadium started booing. "Penalty declined—touchdown is good! He raised his hands to signify the points. The game was tied, but we would be allowed to attempt the extra point.
An extra point in high school is not automatic. We hadn't missed any this year—there were some close ones, but we hadn't missed—but the defense would be coming hard for this one. Their coach called Hagerstown's final timeout, a tie was as good as a win for them, their coach would have something special for this point after attempt.
We didn't take the field until the referee blew the whistle. The boys jogged out to the end zone, but I noticed Jason was with them—in the middle where it wasn't obvious. They stayed huddled around the spot where the ball would be placed. The defense lined up, and when the referee blew the whistle again, we broke into formation for the kick except Jason was the holder. He stood as the ball was hiked and rolled toward his blind side as the kicker went through the motion of kicking the ball. The entire defense crashed in on the line while Jason jogged into the end zone untouched. The referee ran toward him with both hands in the air, the point after was good for two points. But there were whistles again from the pile of players on the field. This time however, there was no referee huddle. 
One referee stepped out into the open and signaled—defense—off sides—penalty declined, "two point conversion is good. That's game." He and the other referee's started a quick jog toward the sidelines as the home stands erupted in boos. We all started cheering, we won, 29-27.
Jason looked over at me, but before he could get to me, I raced up the bleachers toward Cathy. I did not want this to be about me. I could see Jason's mom's face was beaming as I approached. We made eye contact so I felt like I had to stop.
"He was magnificent." I said.
"I don't know what you said, but thank you. He was magnificent."
"I just told him that everything was good. We're still good, right?"
She smiled. "We're still good."
"Could you tell Jason I won't be able to see him tonight?"
"Is there a problem?" She surprised me by standing. 
I heard the cleats on the bleachers and turned as Jason swept me up into his arms. He staggered to maintain his balance—cleats weren't made for dew soaked aluminum surfaces.
"Put her down, before you hurt her." Jason's mom said. "You heard me."
Jason gently set me down like a China doll.
"Excuse me, coming through," Cathy said in passing, "great game, Jason." She stopped halfway to the bottom. "I'll meet you at your car, okay?"
"Sure."
Jason looked at his mom, and then at me. "So what's this about not being able to go out?"
"We have unexpected company."
Jason's eye's tightened.
"She's an old friend of the family." I added to reassure him that we were safe.
"She?" he confirmed.
"I don't know her name, we haven't met. They're expecting me."
"So she is an old friend."
"Yes."
Jason's mom looked suspicious like she suspected we were covering.
"Elizabeth and Benjamin expect me to be there."
"And I can't—"
I shook my head and Jason picked up on the fact that she might not observe my eating habits.
"Darn, I was looking forward to celebrating with you."
"Take your mom."
Jason looked over incredulously, "Right, not sure we'd have much to talk about."
"You might be surprised. Right, Mrs. Whitaker?"
"Actually, I'd like to tell you all about meeting Izzy's parents—they speak so highly of you." she said, and then added. "We sat together until they had to leave. We got along splendidly."
"Seriously, you talked with Izzy's parents?"
"Listen," I interrupted, "I gotta run, I still have to take Cathy home."
"I could take her home." Jason's mom said.
"That's okay, it's on my way, but thanks." I noticed Coach looking up at us and he gave me a thumbs up. "Coach is looking for you." I said to Jason. "Walk me down?"
Jason turned to his mom. "See you at the pizza place?"
"I'll get a table."
Jason and I headed down the steps toward the field. When we got to the gate, the security guard from before said, "Nice arm kid—hell of a throw—wouldn't be surprised to see you playin' on Sunday in a few years."
"Thanks." Jason said. We walked on toward the team. "What was that all about?"
"He's the guy who wouldn't let me past the fence. I think he knew about us—about me and the team—probably saw the helmet thing before the game."
"Hugh." Jason grunted. We ran to catch up with Cathy and Alex.
"Nice game." I said to Alex.
He looked past Cathy and flashed a smile. "Thanks." Suddenly his face got serious. He dropped his arm from Cathy's waist and turned to face Jason and me. "This was that game—the one that sneaks up on you—the one you lose, but never know how or why—what did you say to him?" Alex nodded toward Jason.
"I told him to run our play—to trust himself and to trust you."
Alex shook his head. "I knew the play when he called it, I remembered, but when I saw the path of the ball, I thought no way I can get there."
"But you did." I said.
"He sure did." Cathy said, slipping her hand into his.
"Your boy here sure did make me look good." Alex said.
"I think it's the other way around." Jason said.
Cathy and I folded in by our guy's side and continued walking toward the bus.
I looked down at my hand in Jason's and then up into his beautiful, longing eyes. This had been a very special night in so many ways.
Chapter 9
I pulled into Tink's new garage not really knowing what to expect. I could sense everyone was in the main house—including our visitor, and although the atmosphere seemed a little tense, the conversation sounded casual enough. Melanie met me at the top of the front steps.
"Is everything okay?" I asked.
"Fine, but you need to be prepared."
"For what?"
"Tink's smitten."
"Tink? Are you serious?"
"Don't say anything, but you'll see it—Elizabeth did."
"Okay, mums the word." I followed Melanie into the house and then into the parlor. The woman standing next to Tink with her back to me hesitated. Her thick, black hair was wild and disheveled, her clothes a strange mix of fabrics and eras. "Hayley?" I said as she turned.
"Isabella."
"Izzy." I corrected.
"Right, sorry."
I looked closely at her eyes. They were more honey colored than the last time I saw her, but there was still a hint of crimson near the fringe of the iris. "You look good."
"Sorry I just dropped by unannounced, but you said—"
"No need for apologies." Tink interrupted.
I glanced at Melanie and smiled. I turned back to Hayley. "So, change of scenery?"
"Something like that. After you and Jason left, I kind of realized I'd been alone for a longtime and well, you did invite me."
"Sure, it's fine, I just didn't think—"
"Perhaps you would like to freshen up?" Tink said. I think he noticed Hayley pulling at her hair uncomfortably. "Right this way." He bowed, waving his arm toward the stairs. "We have indoor plumbing."
Hayley followed Tink up the stairs. "Get her one of Elizabeth's dresses," Melanie yelled up after them.
"I think the green would do quite nicely." Elizabeth added.
The bathroom door closed and then Tink's footsteps went down the hall toward Elizabeth and Benjamin's room.
"Seriously?" I looked around at my families smiling faces. Even Benjamin and Nathan were smiling although more subdued.
Tink came down the stairs to join us. "What? Wouldn't be proper." he added.
Elizabeth nodded her approval of his manners. We talked about the game for awhile. I filled them in on the exciting conclusion and how Jason had won the game. They were sorry they'd missed it. After the shower stopped, Hayley went across the hall to my room.
"I put her things in your room. I hope that was okay?" Tink said.
"Very gentlemanly." I replied. "I bet she doesn't wear the dress."
"Ten dollars." Tink said, slapping a crisp ten dollar bill on the table.
"Okay." I pulled out the two fives I had left from my money for the game.
The steps creaked as Hayley started down. A bare foot, then the frills of Elizabeth's green southern belle dress. Tink snatched the money off the table and raced to meet her at the bottom of the steps. He was beaming—he had it bad. I just hoped his feelings were mutual.
Hayley was radiant. The green dress accentuated her black hair that now, clean and brushed, cascaded down her back in beautiful waves. She stumbled into Tink's arms from the bottom step.
"Sorry, I'm not used to dresses," she whispered to Tink.
He gently set her back on her feet.
"Beautiful." Elizabeth said, raising her chin with approval.
"Thank you."
Tink offered Hayley his arm and she wove her arm around his and then he escorted her into the parlor.
"You clean up nice," I said, "I bet Alexander wouldn't recognize you."
"Izzy!" Elizabeth gawked.
"It's okay," Hayley said with a wink, "a mutual acquaintance."
"Tell us more about your travels." Tink suggested.
I'd heard some of Hayley's story before and noticed she left out the part about Alexander, but I also remembered she had said Alexander was just fun. I hoped Tink wasn't just fun. I looked over at Melanie and discretely mouthed, 'you are so right'.
We'd been talking for more than an hour when there was suddenly tires on the gravel driveway out front. We all froze, including Hayley. It was Jason. Apparently he didn't totally get my hint. He knocked, and then opened the door.
"A human?" Hayley whispered.
"Anyone home? It's me." Jason stepped into the foyer.
"Jason!" Hayley screeched and bolted toward the door.
I launched myself into her path. The pillar between the foyer and parlor splintered as we crashed into it. Tink, Nathan and Benjamin raced toward us. I rolled off of her, putting myself between Hayley and Jason. He was so startled, he fell. I grabbed him up off the floor and pressed him behind me. When I looked back, Benjaim and Nathan were holding the upper timber from falling and Tink was knelt down at Hayley's side.
"I'm so sorry," Hayley said as Tink pulled her to her feet. "I didn't mean to startle everyone, it's just I recognized him—who doesn't love Jason?"
"No harm." Tink said.
"Except to the house," Nathan complained. "We're going to need to replace the timber."
"There's an extra one in the garage." Tink turned to Hayley. "Will you excuse me for a moment?"
"Of course."
Tink raced out of the house and returned with the large slab of wood over his shoulder. He made quick work of chopping it down to size. While Nathan and Benjaim heaved upward, Tink pressed the beam into position. Nathan and Benjamin let the ceiling down onto the new beam.
"That should do for now." Benjamin said.
Jason slipped his hand into mine and stepped out from behind me. "Hey, Hayley. Some entrance, huh?"
We all laughed.
I relaxed and Jason nudged me forward. "I'm sorry, Hayley. I guess I over reacted."
"Ya think?" Jason joked.
"It's okay, you were just protecting him." She looked down at her dress. "I'm sorry, but I've torn your beautiful dress, Elizabeth."
"I'm quite handy with a needle and thread." Tink said before Elizabeth could respond. "Perhaps after I darn your dress, we could go for a drive."
"A drive?" Hayley questioned.
"Yes, it's a nice evening for a drive. I have a pickup if that would suit you."
"A little cramped don't you think, perhaps a stroll."
"A stroll it is then." Tink offered her his arm again and they waltzed across the room and then out the back door.
Melanie ran her hand up Nathan's back. "It is a nice evening, a stroll sounds nice."
Nathan turned toward Benjaim and Elizabeth. "Sir, ma'am." He nodded to Jason and I as he and Melanie walked out onto the front porch and down the steps, arm in arm.
When I looked back, Elizabeth was looking up into Benjamin's eyes. I'd never seen her display such longing. "A stroll does sound nice." she cooed. She gave me a 'don't even think about it' glare as Benjamin walked her past us and then down the front steps and off into the woods.
"Sorry," Jason said. "I didn't mean to breakup the party.
"You didn't breakup the party." I hinted.
He looked perplexed.
"Couples?"
"Oh—Oh!"
I pulled his lips down to mine and kissed him. "What were you thinking coming here?"
"I kind of figured out who you were talking about and well, Hayley sounded pretty cool when you described her."
"Did you forget the part about her not exactly observing our feeding habits?"
"Yeah, I guess I did."
"Well, lucky for you she seems to have been favoring our way for some time."
"Nah, she'd never have gotten past you." He kissed me, a hot searing kiss. "I'd forgotten just how sexy you can be."
"Oh really?" I swept him up into my arms and carried him into the parlor and then tossed him onto the sofa. I was on top of him before he bounced, hovering over him on all fours, my breath washing down over his throat.
He reached his head upward and kissed me. I pressed down against his lips—too hard, but not hard enough to break his skin. I returned his kiss with all the passion I felt. I eased down and slowly, dragged my tongue up his throat to his chin.
"Uh, Izzy?"
I pressed my lips against his jugular.
"Now? You want to change me now?"
I jerked back up and started laughing. "Are you kidding? Coach would kill me!"
Jason started laughing too. We fell off the sofa onto the floor. He was hovering over me now. He stopped laughing. His panting breath scorched my neck and upper chest. He leaned down and kissed me. I was totally on fire—in a good way, but under control—well mostly. He exhaled during our kiss, forcing his intense fire deep into my lungs. That wasn't fair.
I rolled us over and then sat up next to him. "How about a fire?"
He pushed up on his elbows. "As long as I live, I will never get used to that switch of yours." He leaned over and kissed my arm. "And maybe some chess?"
"You know where the chess set is?" I asked.
"Same place as before?"
"Yep."
"Okay, ready, set, go."
The fire was blazing—the one in the fireplace—and I was on the sofa with a coffee table in front of me, by the time Jason got back with the chess set.
"Yeah, no fair." He sulked over and sat down next to me.
"How about I set up the pieces?"
"Okay."
"Done, you go first."
I let him win the first game, but he knew it, although he didn't say anything. During the second game, our conversation moved to football.
"I'm so sorry for what almost happened at tonight's game." I said.
"You don't mean the near, loss do you?"
"Of course, it was all my fault, I didn't mean to be such a distraction. I thought you would love it if my parents came to see you play and then Hayley, I'm so sorry."
"Check." He moved his rook. "Okay, first off, I thought it was awesome your parents—heck your whole family thought enough of me to come to the game. Second, you won the game."
"You won the game, but you got behind in the first place because of me."
"No, again. I hurt my arm at the end of the third quarter and it stiffened up—that's what happened, it wasn't your fault."
"But you threw that final pass a mile."
"Yeah, not sure where that came from."
"Is your arm okay?"
"Trainer said it was probably just a strain—said rest and ice."
I scooted closer. "I think we can take care of that." I slid my hand up under his shirt to his shoulder. "Here?"
He folded into me. "Perfect." We rested our heads on one another's shoulders.
I don't know how long we were like that—I could have stayed forever, but there was a discreet noise at the front door.
"I think we have company." I whispered.
Jason pushed out his lower lip, but slid back a little.
"Hello?"
"We're in here, Tink." I replied.
I was surprised when Tink stepped around the corner alone, but he smiled and pulled Hayley up next to him. Her dress was ruffled and she had a few little, strands of straw in her hair. 
"What are you all doing?" Tink said.
"Nothing, how about you two?"
Hayley grinned and slid back behind Tink.
"Elizabeth wanted me to remind you about the time." Tink said.
Hayley poked her head out from behind him and winked.
"Right," Jason said, getting up from the sofa. "I don't want to take advantage of their generosity." He turned to me and offered his hand. "Shall we?"
Tink and Hayley followed us down to Jason's Rover.
"How's the shoulder?" I asked as Jason slipped in behind the wheel.
"Better, thanks."
It came on so quickly, Tink and I couldn't hide our shock. Hayley tensed instantaneously.
"What?" Jason said, picking up on the sudden change.
I grabbed Jason out of the Rover and we headed for the house. Elizabeth, Benjamin, Melanie and Nathan caught up to us when we were halfway up the porch stairs.
"Ladies, inside the house," Benjamin ordered, "Tink, Nathan, you're with me."
"But—" They were gone before Hayley could finish.
"Come, quickly." Elizabeth ordered.
Hayley hesitated, but followed us inside. "What's going on?" she asked.
Melanie and Elizabeth looked at me, as if I should be the one to explain.
"There's a vampire after them," Jason said. "A really bad dude. He had a zombie army last time, but we totally destroyed them. I think we were all kind of hoping he wouldn't come back."
Hayley looked at us. "He's serious?"
"Yep," I said, sliding in next to Jason and patting his back, "we pretty much destroyed this guys entire army of zombie's."
"But he's back?"
"Kind of looks that way." I confirmed.
"So now what?" Hayley said.
"We keep watch and wait for the men to return with news." Elizabeth said.
Hayley glanced toward the door. "I should go help, I'm a good tracker."
"Not that good." I said. "Remember, you walked right past me when I hid in the tree."
She looked toward the door again.
"Don't fret, dear, they were soldiers, they work extremely well together. Tolliver will be safe."
"So what do we do?" she said.
"We will take positions where we can survey the grounds around he house." Elizabeth replied.
"Jason and I have my room." I said. "We can see the slope up to the ridge from there."
Elizabeth frowned obviously not approving of Jason being in my room. "Melanie, why don't you take the room you and Nathan use when you stay with us. Hayley, would you please take the guest room, and I will observe from our room."
"Come on, Hayley," I said, "I'll show you."
"Wait a minute," Jason said, "what about my mom and Cathy?"
"I'm sure the men will check on their safety," Elizabeth said, "you needn't worry."
Elizabeth and Benjamin's room filled one end of the second floor in the new floor plan. She would have a good view of the mountain side toward the south-west from there. My room was still right at the top of the stairs on the backside of the house. Melanie's room was on the opposite end of the house from Elizabeth's and the guest room was on the front of the house over the foyer. We fanned out to our separate rooms at the top of the stairs. It was quiet outside, no sign or scent of our intruder.
Jason flopped down on my bed filling the quiet with the sound of squeaky springs. He looked up at me with a devilish grin. "I bet your mom heard that."
"I did," Elizabeth said from the doorway.
Jason's face turned crimson. "I'm sorry, I was just kidding."
She scoffed at him. "Do you have a portable calling device?"
"Your cell phone." I clarified.
"Oh yeah, sure." Jason pulled his phone out of his back, jean pocket.
"You need to call your mother and tell her you will be staying with us for the night." Elizabeth said.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on a minute. I don't think that's such a good idea." I said.
"You would let the poor woman worry?"
"No, you're right, we need to call her, it's just we need a good—really good  explanation, especially because she already thinks the worse. I know, I'll call her, tell her Jason took some medicine for his arm and he's to drowsy to drive. I'll give Jason the phone and he can talk slurred like he's half asleep and then Jason, you give the phone to mom and she'll tell her you are fine and that nothing is going to happen."
"And it won't." Elizabeth stated.
"Give me your phone."
Jason punched in his home number and handed me the phone. "It's ringing."
"Jason?"
"No it's Izzy, Mrs. Whitaker."
"What's wrong? Has something happened to Jason?"
"No, no, he's fine, well sort of. Did he tell you about his shoulder?"
"Yes, he said he injured it early in the game."
"Well it tightened up when he was here, and so we iced it like the trainer said, but it was still bothering him." I looked up at Elizabeth. "My mom was a nurse, and she gave him some pain meds, and well he's kind of zonked out."
"Can you give me directions to your house, I'll come get him."
Jason must have seen the confusion in my eyes, and took the phone. Slurring his words, he said, "Hey, mom... no I'm fine, my arm doesn't hurt at all... no, I don't want you out this late... I know, I know, the time just got away from us. I'll be fine... yeah, yeah, separate rooms, I know. See you in the morning. Here's Elizabeth." Jason covered the mouth piece. "Just reassure her." he said to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth took the phone and awkwardly help it to her mouth. "Good evening, Nancy, I must apologize for our oversight, the time simply got away from us... Yes, we have a guest room where he can sleep... no, no, no, it's no trouble at all, considering the circumstances it is the very least we can do..." She looked at me and silently mouthed, 'medicine?'
"Anti-inflammatory," I said, tell her that.
"It was an anti-inflammatory... yes, over the counter," She shrugged not knowing exactly what that meant. "Yes, I will send him straight home in the morning, and Nancy, you don't have to worry, Izzy will behave herself..." she chortled, "Yes, and Jason too, I'll see to it. Again, please forgive me... Goodnight."
"We're good?" Jason said.
Elizabeth nodded. "But—"
"No," I said, "you are not separating us. Besides, what are you going to do, put him in the room with Hayley?"
Elizabeth took a determined step forward.
"Hey, hey," Jason said, "Let's not fight over the human." He turned to Elizabeth. "You can trust us, honest, we won't disobey your rules, they're our rules too."
Her expression softened. "Very well, but no, I repeat no physical contact. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes, ma'am." Jason replied.
I nodded.
"Izzy." she drew out my name.
"Okay, fine, but if anything happens I'm going to protect him."
"We are in agreement then." She turned and went back to her room.
"Wow," Jason said, "your mom can be pretty intense."
"She can hear everything we say, everyone can hear everything we say." I said.
"That's right." Melanie called out so Jason could hear her.
"Me too." Hayley chimed in.
Jason gave me a devilish grin and bounced on the bed to make the springs squeak again. When I glowered at him, he settled into a rhythmic bounce.
"Not funny." I said.
"Yes it is." Hayley replied.
Jason just grinned, but stopped.
The night drug on with no sign of our intruder, or the men. Melanie explained to Hayley about the stalker and how we figured out who he was, and our last confrontation with his legions. Hayley didn't say a lot, but she had to be wondering what she'd gotten herself into.
Despite the tension, Jason fell asleep on my bed in the wee hours of the morning. His soft rhythmic breathing had a calming affect. I looked over at him, cuddled so peacefully under my blanket. Despite our agreement, I sat down on the edge of the bed and slid my hand up to his shoulder. He stirred momentarily and mumbled, "I love you," but drifted back to sleep. 
I thought back to the nights I'd spent in his house, in his room trying to learn to cope with his scent, but it was more than that—even then—I knew there was going to be so much more to us than just predator and prey. I shivered at the memory of that night I almost gave into my primal instinct. "I'm here for you my love," I whispered. I sat with him until the eastern sky beyond the ridge out my window began to lighten.
"We had an agreement."
I looked up—Elizabeth was standing in my doorway.
"I've not broken our agreement." I said.
Elizabeth glided up to the side of the bed and stared down at Jason. "You spoke of him as 'your love'."
"I thought you knew that. I've made no secret of how I feel about him."
"No, I suppose you haven't, but I never really pictured it I suppose, until now. You make a stunning couple and the passion that you hold for one another is beautiful, enough to sustain one for eternity."
"You've never spoken to me about our relationship so openly."
"One can only deny the truth for so long. Do you still hold to the belief that you will never change him?"
"I do, but I intend to stand by him, protect him and love him for as long as he will let me."
"What does he think of growing old—have you even talked about that?" She lay her hand on my shoulder.
"He thinks he will be the envy of everyman on earth—the guy with the hot young wife."
"Wife."
"I didn't mean it like that—it was figurative."
Elizabeth sank down on the corner of my bed, near Jason's head and looked down at him and then back to me. "You know how I feel about life, and what we are, and I respect your feelings in that regard, but—" She reached for me, touching my chest above my heart. "You have such longings for one another. Never, in all my years have I seen such magnetism, such desire."
I slid my hand down from his shoulder until I was holding his hand. "Yet I'm little more than an icepack." I sighed. "I know, that's not true and I should be happy with what we have, but you're right, I do long for him so."
"Uh, ladies?" Jason mumbled.
Elizabeth rebounded all the way to the doorway and I sprang to my feet.
"Jason, are you awake?" I gawked.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to listen in—I thought it was a dream."
I glanced toward the door, but Elizabeth was already gone. I could only imagine her embarrassment. I wasn't embarrassed—he knew how I felt about him—but I was shocked he would listen in like that especially around Elizabeth. "You should be ashamed of yourself." I slapped his arm.
Jason pushed up on one elbow. "Honest, I thought I was dreaming—it was a great dream too." He reached for my hand but I stepped back. "Don't be that way. You know she's right—we both know it. The longer this goes on, the greater chance it will end badly. You've felt it—I know I have—the uncontrollable passion between us. It will happen one day, I know it. What I don't know is whether I will survive it." He sat up and I let him take my hand this time. "Wouldn't it be better to change me in a controlled setting—I would survive that—and I know what you've said about the agony of the change, but I would go through anything for you—for us."
"No, Jason. What you ask can never happen—I won't let it—ever. If you can't accept that, then we should end this right here and now."
"No, I could never walk away from you." He brought my hand to his lips and softly kissed the back, then rolled it over and kissed my palm. "You've said it yourself, we don't know what lies ahead, so I will just hold on to the dream that we will be together." He smiled up at me. "So, you long for me—nice."
Chapter 10
We were all downstairs by morning, pacing—even Jason. He should have left for home as Elizabeth had promised, but we still didn't have any answers and I wouldn't let him go until I knew it was safe.
Jason pressed the home button on his cell phone. "Hey, Mom. Izzy's mom is making breakfast, is it okay if I stay and eat—after all they did for me last night I'd feel really bad ducking out on them... Okay, cool. How about we do lunch?... Yeah sure, that sounds great. See you in a little while." He pressed the end button. "That will buy me some time."
Elizabeth had remained on the far side of the room since Jason and I came down, but Melanie and Hayley taunted us with kissing faces every time they made eye contact with either one of us. I suspected it had more to do with easing the tension than teasing.
"They're back." Elizabeth said, moving quickly to the kitchen door. She led the men into the parlor where the rest of us were waiting. Tink and Nathan went immediately to Hayley and Melanie. We all turned toward Benjamin.
"We were able to confirm, with reasonable certainty, that last night's intruder was in fact the one who has been stalking us, the historian. His actions indicate it was most likely a scouting mission. Apparently he is still uncertain as to our numbers. With the same conviction, we all agree that he is no longer within fifty miles of our present location. His movements were precise, measured and seemingly well thought out with the exception of the quarry north of town."
"What's there?" Hayley asked.
"It's where we destroyed his zombie army." Jason replied. He looked to Benjamin. "So what's next?"
"Although a difficult decision, we agree that it is in all of our best interests if we leave the area." He looked at Hayley. "I will leave it up to you and Tolliver to decide whether you wish to join us. Clearly, this is not your fight."
"And me?" Jason said.
"Once we are gone, you and your mother will be safe. He has no quarrel with you."
"No!" I challenged. "We've been through this before, I won't leave Jason. I say we stand and fight."
"This is not for you to decide." Elizabeth said.
"Fine." I stepped forward into the center of the room. "I say we stand and fight—it started here, it ends here."
Jason stepped forward. "I agree, bring it—we can take this guy."
No one else moved. Tink and Hayley exchanged glances.
Tink stepped forward with Hayley by his side. "With apologies, sir. We agree—stand and fight."
It was apparent that Nathan would not disobey his former commanding officer and that Melanie would abide by his decision, although I was equally sure she would rather stand and fight. We were deadlocked.
Elizabeth's hand slipped from Benjamin's and she slowly eased forward. "Forgive me my husband, I do not wish to dishonor you, but I will not have my family torn apart." She looked at Jason and I. "Our feelings for one another are too strong to merely walk away. And while I agree with your assessment of the situation and the danger that it represents to the members of this family, new and old—our kind and human alike—I agree we should stand and fight to put an end to this nightmare." She turned slowly looking at each one of us. "I could not bear to lose one of you—not one, but this must end." She stopped at Benjaim and then stepped into his arms. "We fight."
Benjamin took the upheaval in stride, but I knew it had to be hard for him, he'd always made the command decision. 
"Jason."
"Yes sir."
"You should return home. Keep watch over your mother. Be vigilant, we do not know our adversaries' plans at this time."
Jason's shoulders dropped as he felt he was being left out again.
"Izzy," Benjamin continued. You need to purchase a portable communication device—"
"A cell phone, Dad."
"Yes, a cell phone so that you can be in constant contact with Jason. Can this be accomplished quickly?"
"Sure," Jason said, "we can get one of those burner phones."
"The rest of us will pair up and maintain a scouting regimen of the local area. One note though, it is hunting season and the woods are crawling with hunters so you must be very careful not to be seen. Last, but not least, you must maintain a heightened feeding regimen, to maintain maximum strength. We do not know when we will be called into action, or what that action will require." Benjamin looked around the room at each one of us. "Are we clear?"
"Yes," quietly echoed around the room.
"Very well, you are dismissed."
I looked back as Jason and I walked out through the doorway. Elizabeth was kissing Benjamin. The other's were already gone, having departed in logical pairings. And so the ordeal began, again.
* * *
"Hello." I said, answering my cell phone.
"Where are you?" Jason asked.
"I'm at the creek, you don't need to call, just come to the window, I can hear you just fine."
"But I can't hear you." Jason said.
"Didn't you say this thing has limited minutes?"
"I love you." he replied.
"I love you. I'll call you if anything changes. Now go to sleep, I'll see you at school." I hit the end button.
* * *
As per our routine for the last few days, I met Jason at the top of his driveway and rode to school with him. So far, no one had seen or sensed any additional activity by our adversary. In school, everything was normal with the exception of Cathy's uneasiness. 
"Gotta second?" Coach said from the edge of my desk.
"Sure."
"You mind?" He nodded toward his office. I followed him and he closed the door once we were inside. "If you don't mind my asking, is everything alright with you and Jason?"
"Sure."
He scratched his shaved head.
"What's up?" I asked.
"He's not himself—can't put my finger on it, but he's just not the same Jason from the beginning of the season. I though maybe—well if the two of you are okay, then, well, I don't know."
Obviously the pressure of our situation combined with the pressure of the football season was beginning to get to Jason, but I couldn't say that, at least not the first part. "Did you ask him?"
"Sure, but the kid is trying to tough out whatever's going on. Said everything was fine. I had him checked out by the trainer again, but Mel said his arm is A-okay."
"I'll talk to him, see what I can find out."
"Thanks, you're a real trooper."
With that, I went back to my desk and class continued.
Calculus was agonizing. I knew what was wrong with Jason—I had no doubt, but what could I say, 'Don't think about the fact that one or all of us could be destroyed at any time?' I still had no idea what to say when the lunch bell rang.
Jason and I went though the cafeteria line like usual, but this time instead of apple juice, I got a bright, red apple. We glided onto our seats at our table—alone for the time being.
"Feeling like a temptress today?" Jason laughed.
"What?"
"The apple? Adam and Eve?"
"I led you to your doom a long time ago don't you think?"
Jason's face went ashen and he turned away.
"It was a joke?"
"What's a joke?" Alex said as he and Cathy joined us.
"Nothing, he was making fun of my apple."
Alex chuckled. "Ah, the whole Snow White and the poison apple thing—very funny."
Cathy momentarily tensed, but shook it off.
The boy's talked about Friday's game—it was a big one—it seemed like they all were when you were undefeated. Cathy and I didn't speak or even make eye contact for the rest of lunch.
Jason and I headed for the doors before the bell.
"So, Snow White and the whole pale skin thing, what do you think?" I ventured.
"Yeah, Alex totally didn't get it."
"So temptress then?" I said tossing the apple up and down in my hand.
"Okay."
"So," I said pulling him to a stop. "If you want to come over to the dark side, then you need to get through the rest of this season—one big final chapter." I tossed the apple up and down again.
"Coach talk to you?"
I caught the apple and stepped into him. "It's perfectly understandable, you're under an enormous amount of pressure even without all my family drama."
"Our family." He wrapped his arms around me. "It has nothing to do with football—I can handle that—and if I'm being honest, it's not our family thing either."
That caught me off guard. "What then?"
He looked around. We were relatively alone. "Don't laugh?"
"Never."
"It's about what you and Elizabeth were talking about—"
I leaned back, pressing my fingers across his lips.
He pulled back. "I want that so much—I love you."
I wiggled out of his arms and resumed tossing the apple. "Temptress it is then."
"It's not a joke."
"I know—I know exactly how you feel—I feel it too. Maybe one day, I don't know, but you can't let it eat at you like this. I can't be a distraction."
Jason snatched the apple out of the air and took a bite of it. "Maybe one day?"
"I can't make that kind of promise—we just have to wait and see what the future holds. But for now, you know I'm yours, always."
Jason took another bite of the apple as the bell rang. "See you in Art? Or am I going to fall into a deep sleep?" He tossed the half eaten apple back to me.
"Thanks." I raced back to Calculus, tossing the apple into the trash can as I slipped inside.
"Ms. Faulkner," Mr. Mathews said, "please try to use the garbage receptacles in the cafeteria in the future."
"Yes, sir. Sorry." I took my seat.
* * *
On Friday, Coach told me Jason had put in two good practices and seemed like his old self again. Coach thanked me, although I told him I didn't really do anything.
Benjaim had nothing new to report when I got home from school so we decided it was okay if I went to Jason's game. I think he also knew that Jason needed me there and that at least Jason, his mom, Cathy and I would be in one place. I had no doubt he and the others planned to scout the area around the school during the game.
I met Cathy at the school since it was a home game and her mom helped with concessions. We lingered by the field, waiting for the team to come out so they could do the helmet thing with me, but there was obviously something wrong with Cathy.
"You okay?" I said.
She looked at me with a blank expression. "I don't know."
"What do you mean you don't know?"
"I don't feel anything. Look." She smacked her hand on the top of the fence. "Nothing."
The back of her hand bruised immediately.
"A precursor to a vision?" I whispered.
"It's never happened like that before—it's like I'm blind."
"Well, don't worry about it, I'm sure it's nothing. Oh look, here come the boys."
Jason, Alex and Matt led the charge out of the locker room and started our ritual helmet slap. When the final player jogged past, Cathy and I started for our usual seats. Halfway up the aisle, Cathy stopped. I looked past her. Dillon and his freshman friends were in our seats. I looked back to the field, but Jason and the coaches were busy with pregame warm-ups.
"I guess we'll have to handle this." I said, squeezing past Cathy. "Come on."
Dillon looked up amused when we got to them.
"You guys are in our seats." I said.
"Says who?" Dillon said as he stood to block our path.
"You know, as well as everyone else, that Cathy and I sit here every game."
"Free country." One of his friends said.
"Tell you what, how about we arm wrestle for it?" I offered.
Dillon and his friends burst out laughing. "You kiddin'?" Dillon said.
"Afraid I'll beat you?"
"Afraid I'll brake your freakin' arm?" he shot back.
"Not at all. Where do you want to do this?"
Dillon stepped back and bent one of his friend's over. "On his back." Dillon sat down on the bleacher on the far side of his friend.
"Can I borrow your gloves?" I said to Cathy.
"Sure." While she pulled them off, she whispered to me, "Are you sure about this?"
I slipped on her gloves. "It'll be fine, no one will be the wiser."
"If you say so."
I sat down next to the boy that was bent over. "How does this go?"
Again, Dillon and his friends burst out laughing.
"Okay Miss Smarty Pants, it's like this. We put our elbows on his back, then lock hands and then lock our other hands under them." He set his hands in position. "Like this."
"And when I beat you, Cathy and I get our seats back, right?"
"More like when I beat you, you get the 'F' outta here."
I set my elbow on the boy's back and gently took Dillon's hand.
"You wearin' gloves? If our hands slip, you lose."
"That's fine, they won't slip." I reached my other hand under our hands and grasped Dillon's other hand. "Do we push, or pull?" I mocked.
Dillon looked confused, wiggling his hand back and forth. "Push you idiot." His friends had moved out of our seats, and packed in around us.
"Who says go?" I asked.
"On the count of three," Dillon said. One, two, three." His face turned red as he pushed. Of course our hands didn't move.
"One, two, three," one of his friends repeated.
Dillon leaned forward to push harder as some of his friends started to laugh. I leaned in next to him.
"So now what?" I whispered. "If I beat you you'll be the laughing stock of the freshman class—maybe the entire school when word gets around."
"You can't beat me." He let out a grunt as he pushed with all his might.
I pressed his arm halfway down toward the boy's back, but let it come back up to the top. The vein in his forehead bulged. "Or, I could let you win and you will leave us alone for the rest of the year." I let my arm lean back toward the boy's back. 
His friends cheered.
I pulled his hand back up to the top. "So, what's it going to be, big guy?" I bounced his arm toward defeat.
"Okay, okay, we'll leave you alone, freak."
"What was that?"
"We'll leave you alone, already."
I slowly let my arm lean back until it touched his other arm.
"Boom!" Dillon jumped up triumphantly. "That's what I'm talkin' bout."
"Took you long enough." One of the boys joked.
"What you say?" Dillon jumped toward him.
I stood and stared at him—one of my evil stares.
"Come on," Dillon said, "I'm not sitting next to the freaks."
He stomped down the bleachers with his friends in tow.
I turned to Cathy. "Shall we?"
Cathy smiled. "Nice."
Alex almost returned the opening kickoff for a touchdown, but gave us the ball on the opponents fifteen yard line. Jason and the offense trotted out onto the field. Three plays later we scored. Jason did his point, fist to his heart thing and I waved back. He was off to a good start and the adrenalin should kick in and take care of the rest.
There offense turned out to be the best we'd faced and they were able to march their first possession down the field and tie the game. We scored on our next possession. This was shaping up to be a real offensive shootout. Midway through the second quarter, I realized Jason was looking up at me more than usual—that probably wasn't good.
"He's losing focus." I said. 
"He keeps looking up here, at you." Cathy confirmed.
We wound up having to punt after Jason through an errant pass. Fortunately, time ran out before the other team could score. At the half, the score was 21-21. Coach looked up as he led the boys back to the locker room for halftime. He looked real worried.
"It's me," I told Cathy, "he's thinking of me, not the game, but if I leave, he'll worry. What do I do?"
"When you say , 'thinking of you', you don't mean—you wouldn't?"
"No! Of course not."
"Oh." she sighed.
"But it doesn't stop him from thinking about it." I said.
"Seriously?"
"Yes."
"I had no idea, I mean you're like two different species."
"Not funny."
"I didn't mean it like a joke."
"How did we get on this subject?" I huffed.
"You said Jason is distracted. I have no idea what to do." She looked down at the concession stand. "The crowd has died down, do you think we can get some hot chocolate, or will we lose our seats?"
"No, we won't lose our seats, but you go ahead, I'll stay here just in case."
"Okay, thanks." Cathy headed down to the concession stand, leaving me to try and figure out what to do. My head sank down into my hands. This was impossible. We'd been together all this time and there had never been this kind of problem. It had to be the stress, football, the historian—he was trying to figure out a way for us to escape, but how was I going to turn him around?
"Izzy, are you alright?"
I looked up. "Oh, Mrs. Whitaker." I forced a smile. "I'm okay, just worried."
"Do you mind?" She motioned toward the seats.
"No, of course not."
"He's not having one of his better games. I think it might be carry over from last week."
"Really?"
"He's been out of sorts most of the week, since he came home from staying with you."
And there it was. She put it right out in the open—on me. 
"I swear, nothing happened. I wouldn't betray you like that—or Elizabeth—or Jason—or myself."
"I know. I didn't mean that like it sounded. True, there was a time I might have, but I think we have a better understanding of each other, don't you?"
I nodded. "But he's distracted."
"He is only human."
"What do you mean?"
"Have you looked in a mirror lately? You are the most beautiful girl in the stands, maybe all of Boonsboro."
"I'm not—"
"You don't need to feel self conscious. You remember when you told me that it didn't matter what you did, you and Jason were drawn back together?"
"Yes."
"Well, we may just have to accept that that kind of attraction comes at a price."
"So you do think this is my fault."
"No." She patted my leg. "This is no more your fault than it was Eve's when Adam ate the apple."
"Oh high Mrs. Whitaker." Cathy said, squeezing past us.
"Hi, Cathy." Mrs. Whitaker stood. "I'll leave you two to watch the game. Go Warrior's." She side stepped out of our row and walked back down the bleachers to her usual seat. The parent next to her—I think Matt's mom, looked up at me.
"What did Jason's mom want?" Cathy took a sip of hot chocolate.
"She thinks this is my fault too—everyone thinks this is my fault."
"Easy," Cathy said, "he's just a human, flaws are part of the package."
I stood up on the seat and leaned back against the top railing. I'd had enough conversation.
The third quarter didn't go well, the offense just wasn't clicking. Fortunately, the defense had stepped up and the quarter ended without either team scoring. Halfway into the fourth quarter, the other team kicked a field goal to go up 24-21. We followed with a three and out, giving the other team excellent field position. They took advantage and drove down the field. Their drive came down to a fourth and goal and like Coach had said, 'we had a target on our backs' and they went for it and scored—the point after was good. They kicked off leading 31-21. We needed two scores in less than four minutes—nearly impossible.
Alex made a nice return to midfield, but Jason and the offense only managed another three and out. Coach signaled a timeout and called the team together. His pep talk was upbeat, but I could tell he was getting them ready for what seemed like the inevitable.
Maybe it was a good thing—Jason could relax—undefeated was so unrealistic. Who was I kidding, he would be devastated and then have to deal with the kids at school on top of everything else that was going on. I leaned over the railing, looking into the trash can below and there it was—could it be that simple? I looked up at the concession stand. They were cleaning up.
I glanced around, everyone in the stands was fixated on the huddle with Coach. I leapt over the back railing, unnoticed, and landed on the walk below with a muted thump.
"Excuse me, do you have any more apples?" I asked Cathy's mom at the concession stand.
"I'm not sure, not one of our better sellers."
"Could you look, please, it's important."
"Sure, hon." She walked off toward the back of the concession stand. "Here we go." She brought a shinny red apple up from one of the boxes on the floor.
"Perfect. How much?"
"Can you catch?"
"Sure."
She tossed it to me. "It's on the house."
"Thanks." I ran back around behind the bleachers and jumped back up to my seat.
"What the?" Cathy exclaimed.
"Sorry, I needed an apple."
"We're about to lose our first game and you want an apple?"
"Stand up."
"Okay." Cathy stood and I eased down next to her as the team jogged back out onto the field. "What are you doing?"
"Is anyone looking?"
"Not at us."
As the team lined up in their positions, I launched the apple in a perfect arc. It landed at Jason's feet.
The referee ran in blowing his whistle as Jason bent down and picked it up. He stared at it for a moment. He lifted his helmet and took a bite of the apple before the referee got to him. The referee snatched it out of his hands and trotted over to Coach.
Coach shrugged, but glanced up at me. I think he knew this wasn't a coincidence.
The game announcer came on over the loud speaker. "Please refrain from throwing anything on the field. Throwing anything on the field is grounds for removal from the stadium and being banned from future athletic events. Please demonstrate good sportsmanship."
"You mind telling me what that was all about?" Cathy said.
"Lunch. Let's just hope it works."
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
The referee blew the whistle and Jason stepped in under center. He faded back like it was going to be a pass, faked a handoff to Matt and raced toward the sidelines. The defense bit on the fake to Matt and Jason made it into the end zone untouched. The remaining fans went wild and those that had begun filing out, paused to watch. Some of them even filtered back into the lower sections of the bleachers. We lined up quickly for the extra point, but just like the game before, the opposing coach called a time out—he knew what was coming. If we made the two point conversion we would only need a field goal to win.
The referee blew the whistle concluding the timeout and the teams lined up. We snapped the ball quickly, but the defense surged into our backfield and disrupted the play. The two point attempt was unsuccessful. The score stood at 27-31 in favor of the opposing team with under ten seconds to go.
Cathy looked at me. "I think you were too late."
We lined up for the kickoff which had to be an onside kick if we were going to have a chance. The opposing team had all their best ball handlers on the field. We lined up on the far side of the kicker except for one, Alex.
The opposing coach started running toward the referee on the sideline to call a time out, but they'd used their last one. The teams raced toward each other as the kicker approached the ball, but at the last second, he swung his leg in an arc and kicked the ball deep to the nearside—over the heads of the opposing team's front line, but short of the deep receivers. Alex made a diving grab on the ball's second bounce. There was a collective gasp—I don't think anyone knew exactly what just happened. The referee's converged on Alex, waving their hands over their heads. The clock showed 00:00. Was it over?
Alex emerged from under two tacklers with the ball, but the referee's didn't signal anything. Both coaches were halfway out on the field shouting toward the officials. The sideline referee's motioned the Coaches back toward their benches. Finally, the head referee stepped forward. He stood facing the goal and made a motion with his hand, "Warrior ball, first and ten. He then turned and addressed the booth. "Please put five seconds back on the clock—five seconds."
During all the may lay, Coach had already called a play—or maybe even before the onside kick. As soon as the referee placed the ball, we lined up. It looked like it was going to be a running play, but partway through Jason's cadence, the receivers moved to a spread formation.
Suddenly the referee blew the whistle and threw his flag toward he line. He rolled his arms in front of him. "False start—offense—five yard penalty, remains first down."
We huddled. I couldn't help but listen—which was easy because you could have heard a pin drop in the stadium.
"What are they saying?" Cathy said, apparently noticing my intense attention toward the field.
"They're just making it look good, they're going to run the same play, whatever it was."
Finally they broke the huddle and lined up. The referee behind the defense started pulsing his arm forward like a countdown. They were close to running out of time and another penalty, but as soon as they reached their positions, the center snapped the ball.
Alex ran back behind our line as Jason handed the ball to Matt. Jason peeled off in the opposite direction away from the play. Matt stopped before he reached the line of scrimmage and tossed the ball back to Alex. Alex immediately threw the ball toward the opposite side of the field. Jason easily ran under the ball and walked into the end zone. The remaining crowd went crazy as the score went up on the board. 33-31, Warrior's!
"And that's the game, folks." the announcer said.
Chapter 11
I remained in the bleachers watching the mayhem down on the field. I was so proud of Jason and the team for the courage they showed to pull off a victory. I was alone, Cathy had raced down to the field as soon as the game ended. I glanced to my left to the oddest sight. Usually, at the end of a game, people were headed for the parking lot, but tonight, those that had lost heart—parent and student alike—were streaming back into the stadium.
"Izzy! Izzy!" Someone called.
I looked down and saw Jason's mom waving at me from the fence. When we made eye contact, she motioned for me to come down to the field. I shook my head in the negative, but she motioned more intensely, so I got up and started down the bleachers.
Officer Burns was standing by the gate and noticed me as I approached.
"Nice toss," he said, "maybe the best one of the game." He made a motion like he was biting an apple.
"What? I didn't—"
"Don't worry your pretty little head over it, it'll be our little secret. You two make quite a team—quite a team indeed. Never seen anything like it."
"Thanks, I think so too."
He held some other students back so I could go through the gate.
As soon as I was on the field, Jason's mom walked up to me. "What an amazing game." she said.
"I know, right. Jason was incredible."
"Go. Go celebrate with him."
"I will, after it quiets down."
Jason's mom put her hand on my shoulder. "We're past all that—I'm past all that. Go on, you know he wants you there."
"You sure?"
"Go." 
I didn't think it through as I raced toward the lights—the camera lights—and leapt toward Jason from a good ten feet away. What I had intended to be a jump into his arms moment, turned out to be more of a train wreck. 
"Whoa!" Jason grunted as I crashed into him. He staggered back with me draped around his neck and fell backwards.
I was lying half on, and half off of him, arms still wrapped around his neck. I pulled up and locked my lips on his. It was only then, I realized the flurry of flashes behind me. I lifted my head—Jason was all smiles—and rolled off to his side. "Oops." There was another flurry of flashes. I hope Jason's mom was serious when she said she was past this.
Jason climbed up to his knees, scooped me up into his arms and stood. Suddenly there were three microphones in his face. I recognized the one reporter from last year—Peter something or other.
"So, Jason, it looks like you can be tackled?" he joked. "So who do we have here?" He moved his microphone to me and the other's followed.
"I'm Izzy Faulkner." I said.
Jason set me down next to him.
"So is Jason your boyfriend?"
"He's my everything." I replied, looking up at him.
Jason blushed.
"So are you responsible for the apple?" the reporter asked me.
I pointed toward the top of he bleachers. "I sit all the way up there. Do you think I could throw an apple that far?"
The camera's panned toward the bleachers and then back to Jason and I.
Coach stepped in between us and draped his arms around our shoulders. "Two great kids here, Peter. Izzy's meant a lot to our team this year and well, Jason's performance speaks for itself."
Peter looked over at Coach's right hand—he was holding the apple. "Mind giving that to Jason?" he said to Coach. He more or less took it out of Coach's hand and gave it to Jason. He started to reach for my hand, but when I pulled back, he said, "Would you mind holding the apple with Jason?"
"Sure," Jason said. We put our hands together with the apple across our palms.
Peter turned the apple so the bite mark was showing. There was a flurry of flashes and the cameraman zoomed in on our hands and began to zoom back out as Peter spoke, "Well, there you have it folks, apples from heaven raining down on Warrior star, Jason Whitaker. I'm Peter Chase live from Warrior's Stadium." He turned to the crew for a moment, and then back to us, but addressed Coach. "So you know what Jason's final numbers were?"
"Book's over on the bench," Coach said as he dropped his arms and stepped around us. "Right this way." He took a few steps, but then turned back to Jason and I. "You're going to have to tell me about that one day." He pointed to the apple and then turned and headed toward he bench with Peter and the television crew.
Things had finally quieted down somewhat so Jason and I started toward the school, but ran across his mom just a few feet away. She had tears in her eyes.
"That, you two, was beautiful." She stepped forward and hugged both of us. "Well, I just wanted to say how proud I am of you—great game, Jason."
"Thanks, Mom."
"Will you be coming back to the house with Jason?"
"No, I don't think so, not tonight." I said. "Why don't you come with us? We're headed over to the pizza place."
"No, I don't want to intrude on your date night."
"No," I said, "we'd love to have you."
"Yeah, Mom, we'd love for you to be there."
"I'll run ahead and get our name in for a table, then."
"Okay, Mom, thanks." Jason called after her.
I squeezed him tightly, flexing his rib pads. "Nice game."
"Any changes?"
"No, nothing." We arrived at the locker room doors. "Take a cold shower." I joked, playfully pushing him away.
"Cold is right." He leaned in and we kissed. "You know what this means, right? We have a bye next week and then homecoming is our final game of the regular season—one more game and we go undefeated—it's never happened in school history."
"Really, you want to talk football?" I grabbed him, and jerked him against me. Our kiss was powerful, passionate and beautiful.
Jason eased back. "Think I'll get that cold shower now." He winked and jogged into the locker room.
I leaned back against the wall and tried not to think about how much I wanted him. The parking lot was all but empty, but the stadium lights were still on casting a halo of light over the grounds. I looked beyond the lights and listened—a dog barking—someone taking the trash out and a couple kissing behind the visitor bleachers was all there was. This had been a spectacular night, but Jason's distraction was a clear indication that the tension of waiting, not knowing was getting to him—it was getting to me as well. I turned to a sudden motion to my left.
Tink and Hayley whisked up next to me.
"Everything okay?" I said.
"Yep, everything is fine." Tink replied with a glint in his eye.
Behind him, Hayley was running her fingers through her hair, getting knots out.
"Was that you behind the bleachers?" I slugged him in the shoulder.
"Yep, everything checks out just fine." Tink grinned.
Hayley tugged at his sleeve. "Come on, we still have to do another lap before we meet up with the others."
I didn't want to think about what 'another lap' meant—I mean Tink was like a brother.
"See ya." Tink said and then they were gone.
* * *
As soon as we walked into the pizza place, everyone stood and started clapping. I tucked in behind Jason as he headed through the people toward our booth. His mom was waiting—all smiles. We scooted in across from her.
"Whoa," Jason said, not sure I'll ever get used to that."
A little boy ran up to us with his place matt. "Can I have your autograph, mister?" His mother appeared, grabbed his arm and started to drag him away.
"Hold on." Jason took off one of his wristbands. "What's your name?"
"Mathew." The little boy replied. "Mathew Johnson."
Jason scribbled, 'To Mathew' signed, 'Jason' and handed it to him.
The little boy raced off toward his friends. "Look what I got!"
"Thank you." Mathew's mom said, excusing herself.
"You're welcome."
The owner, Joe walked up to our table. "Ladies and a gentlemen, boys and a girls, may I have your attention?" Everyone quieted down.
I looked over at Jason's mom—she was beaming, but I had no clue why.
Joe moved over next to Jason. "We all know young Jason Whitaker, the star quarterback of our Warrior's—I hear he had another wonderful a game tonight." He waited while a few people applauded. "But, my friends that is not why I am a speaking to you tonight."
Jason looked over at his mom as his face turned red.
"What?" I whispered to him.
"Ladies and a gentlemen, it is my privilege to be the first to wish Jason a happy eighteenth birthaday. Happy a Birthaday!" Joe slapped Jason on the back. Our waiter walked up behind Joe with a cake, with the candle numbers 18 burning and all.
He slid it on the table. "Happy Birthday."
"Thanks, Mom," Jason said, leaning across the table to give her a kiss.
"You're welcome. Blow out the candles and make a wish—no telling or it won't come true although I think we all know what it will be."
Jason blew out the candles and looked at me.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know." I said. Why didn't I know? Then I remembered, I only had one thing on my mind this time last year—and it wasn't Jason. "I'm sorry, I didn't get you anything."
"You kidding?" Jason pointed to the cake. In the corner—obviously added last minute—was an apple with a bite taken out of it, made of frosting.
"Thank you," I said to his mom, "you didn't have to do that, but it was sweet."
"I'll say." Jason dabbed his finger into the apple, smeared it across his mouth and then pressed his lips to mine. His lips were so sweet, but didn't need the frosting.
Jason's mom ate with us—well with Jason, although I did have a very, small piece of cake. She left quickly when she was finished so we could be alone.
Jason had his arm around me and we were watching the piece about the game on the TV suspended in the corner of the room. I looked up into his incredible, warm, chocolate eyes and saw the longing from mine reflected back. My thirst was in check, but the burning that had been inside me since the game surged to the edge of my control. Jason's hand slid down to my waist and he pulled me tightly against his side. His body was scorching, pulsing with every beat of his heart. We were at that place again—that place that until recently had been out of bounds, but since that night with Elizabeth in my room—Jason hearing me say it—me saying it—the boundary was not so clear.
"We should go." I whispered up to him.
"Yeah, we should." Jason said, followed by a passionate kiss.
His mom had paid, so we headed straight for the door.
"Happy a Birthaday," Joe said as we passed the counter. "Oh, I have a the photograph if you would not mind signing it for a me, please?"
"Sure." Jason let go to sign the photo.
I escaped out the front door. The crisp night air helped me regain my composure. Jason stepped out a few minutes later. "Guess you're headed out on patrol again?"
I rested my head against his chest and slowly nodded. "I'm sorry I didn't get you anything for your birthday." I said to the sidewalk.
"I have you, what else could I possibly want?"
I looked up at him.
"Well there's that—it's just hard—I love you so much—want you so much."
"I know, I want you too." I pressed my body against him. "But it can't be—not now, not—"
Jason eased me back. "Lets just get through the next few weeks, okay, no pressure."
"Really?"
Jason nodded. "Absolutely. You know how I feel , and you know I'm all in—I started that—but there are a lot of people depending on us, both my kind and yours. We owe it to them, all of them, to do our very best to assure everyone is safe, and achieve our highest expectations."
I hugged him. "I love you Jason Whitaker."
"Ride home with me?"
"Sure."
Chapter 12
The following week went by event free. Not having a football game made the week drag, but by Friday, everyone was starting to get excited about our last game—not only a chance for an undefeated season, but also homecoming. Since it was the weekend of Halloween, the senior class had voted on a full out, classic ball theme and the morning announcements encouraged everyone to come in appropriate costumes.
Jason insisted that we go this year and although last year's private dance was all I really wanted, I'd agreed. To say he was thrilled was an understatement. We came up with the idea of me wearing one of my family's southern belle dresses, but Jason was very evasive about what he was going to wear. During the week, I discovered Elizabeth on the phone several times with Jason's mom. We'd done two fittings, but Elizabeth insisted I be blind folded both times. I wasn't worried though, I could tell it was one of her dresses. She was obviously just trying to spruce it up a little for the dance and I guess a surprise for me.
Thursday after class, the senior and junior classes decorated the gym—Cathy and I helped, but we'd been working on some of the decorations with Mrs. Snyder in Art class all week. There were ribbons, bows, streamers and twinkle lights everywhere. Finally, the school maintenance guys came in with one of those portable bucket lifts and the piece—well pieces—we'd been working on in class. It was like a giant jigsaw puzzle made out of gold, foiled Foamcore. Mrs. Snyder directed the assembly and then they raised the eight foot tall chandelier and connected it's chain to one of the overhead beams, centering the chandelier over the dance floor. Mrs. Snyder had wired in flicker lights that were battery powered and controlled from a remote. The janitors cut the harsh overhead lights and then she hit the button on the remote. The chandelier lit the room in a soft, romantic, golden glow. It was perfect. From the expression on Mrs. Snyder's face, maybe a little too perfect.
* * *
Saturday's home coming game was a blow out. The Warrior's were back in top form, hitting on all cylinders as some of the dads called it. Despite the significance of an undefeated season, a lot of the girls left at halftime to start getting ready for the dance—there were manicure's—pedicures'—hair—makeup and of course pictures. I wasn't too worried, my skin was flawless—one of the perks of my kind—I didn't need to worry about paint since the dance was at night—and I was used to doing my eye makeup. 
When the game ended, I walked down to the fence to meet Jason.
"Hey," Lisa said as she approached.
"Hey."
"About tonight, the homecoming queen, I just want you to know, however it goes, I'm not after Jason."
"No, I know that. Are you wearing a costume?"
"I'm going as Cinderella—don't you think it'll be perfect? I already know what you're wearing."
"Seriously?"
Lisa nodded. "Well, good luck, gotta run."
"See you there, good luck." I called after her. "What is he up to?"
"What's who up to?" Jason said.
"You! Lisa just told me she knows what I'm wearing—I haven't even seen it."
"But you know what it is, right?"
"Sure, well I think so."
"I fail to see the problem then. Besides, you know how much I love to surprise you."
"Jason," I cautioned, "what don't I know?"
He wrapped his arm around me. "It's fine, everything is arranged."
"Not so sure I like the sound of that. What does arranged mean?"
"Just play along, you won't be disappointed. One thing though—"
'Uh oh, here it comes,' I thought.
"I'm going to meet you there."
"What? You're not picking me up? Why?"
"Please, just trust me. Our mother's have set this all up. Tink is going to bring you in the Rover—he has the time table, so make sure you're ready on time."
"Jason," I warned.
"Come on, it's a big night and it turned out okay last year, right?"
My thoughts raced back to that beautiful night under the twinkle light umbrella by the river. "It was beautiful."
"Then just trust me, it'll all be worth it." He kissed me. "Gotta go." He jogged off toward the locker room. "You better get going, you don't want to be late."
* * *
Elizabeth and Melanie met me at the door and ushered me quickly inside and then upstairs to the new bathroom. Elizabeth insisted I bathe although I'd bathed in the creek after my last hunt—I didn't argue, I could tell there was no point. While I bathed, I decided Jason was right, I'd just go for it, after all, if Elizabeth and Jason's mom had worked together on this, how bad could it be. While I dried off, I noticed a pair of underwear and a robe on the back of the door. I slipped them on and stepped out into the hallway. Elizabeth and Melanie were waiting for me. They hurried me down to Elizabeth's room.
Melanie did my hair—which was impossible, but she did an admirable job of pining it up on top of my head with just a few curls flowing down in the back and in front of my ears. She also wove a diamond laced hair band—fake I hoped—around the bun. Elizabeth insisted on doing my eyes, and would not let me see the makeup she was using.
'Trust,' I reminded myself. Elizabeth wouldn't do anything to jeopardize my safety or self-control. Before she let me open my eyes, she turned me away from the mirror.
"Open your eyes." she said. "What do you think?" she said to Melanie.
"Perfect." Melanie's face lit up like a little school girl. Behind her, on the door, was a dress bag.
"Is that my dress?"
Melanie turned. "Yes."
"I can't wait to see it." I stood.
"You can't." Elizabeth said, stepping to my side. "We'll put it on you, then we have a cloak to cover it. You must keep your eyes closed. You cannot spoil Jason's surprise."
"You made the dress, right? I'm not going to be embarrassed?"
"No, you're going to be beautiful beyond your wildest dreams." Melanie said. "I've been waiting for this moment all week."
"Okay, I trust you."
"Excellent." Elizabeth wrapped a blind fold around my eyes—she knew me too well.
"First these," Melanie said. She gently took my left hand and slid on an elbow length satin glove and then followed with the right one.
There was ruffling on the bed and Melanie whispered, "It's stunning, even better than the picture."
"It turned out splendidly." Elizabeth said.
"I can't wait to see her in it."
Melanie—I think—untied my sash and pushed the robe off my shoulders.
"Hold your arms up over your head." Elizabeth said.
When I did, they slipped the dress down over my body. Melanie adjusted the top. The only thing that felt different than the last fitting, were the poofy, off the shoulder straps.
"There," Melanie said, making another adjustment to the front of the bodice. "Lace her up."
Behind me, Elizabeth began pulling laces tighter from my waist up to the middle of my back about where it seemed the straps connected to the gown. "Ah," Elizabeth gasped, "we forgot the petticoat. Arms down."
They pulled what felt like yards of material up under my arms. "Hold this," Melanie said, "but try not to wrinkle it."
"Okay."
Melanie touched my leg and I lifted my leg as she slid the petticoat under my foot. We then did my other leg and they pulled the petticoat up over my hips and tightened it at my waist.
"Okay, release the dress."
When I did, they busied themselves around me, straightening the gown. Finally, the fidgeting stopped.
"Shoes." Melanie said. "Right foot please."
I lifted my right leg and Melanie slipped on a high heeled opened toed shoe.
"Left." And she put on the other one.
I could sense them step away. There were happy giggles.
"Okay," Melanie said, "shows over. Arms out to the side. They weren't kidding about the cloak. The sleeves were so long they even covered the gloves—all the way past my finger tips. What ever I was wearing—what ever Jason had planned, I was going to be surprised.
There were tires on the gravel out front—Tink was here.
"Oh, I wish I could see it." Melanie said.
"Nancy said she would take plenty of pictures."
I felt their hands on me.
"Here we go." They edged me forward.
"I don't seriously have to wear the blindfold, do I?"
"You won't fall." Elizabeth said.
"It's really not necessary." Melanie said.
"I like what she said." I added.
"Very well, but—"
"I know, I know, no peaking."
Melanie carefully unwrapped the blindfold being extra careful not to mess my hair or eye makeup. 
I could see now, but the cloak concealed everything. We hurried down the steps. Everyone was waiting at the bottom. They were all smiles.
"You cleanup nice." Hayley joked.
I held out my arms. "I have no idea."
"That's the way it is supposed to be." Elizabeth pushed me toward the door.
"See you guys, and thanks."
"Have fun." They all waved.
Tink was standing next to the opened passenger's door. "Your gentleman awaits." He bowed and then stepped aside and let Elizabeth and Melanie get me situated in the car so I wouldn't wrinkle the dress. Finally they pushed the door closed.
Tink ran around, got in, and we started down the driveway.
"You're not going to tell me, right?"
"Nope." Tink glanced over at me a few times and smiled.
"You sure about this?"
"Sounds like you have trust issues." Tink said.
"I trust him, it's just sometimes he can be a little over the top."
Tink laughed. "I'll have to remember that one."
We were almost to the school before either of us spoke again.
"So," I said, "you and Hayley?"
Tink just smiled and nodded. On the way up to the school, he glanced down at the clock on the radio and pulled off to the side of the road.
"Okay, I'm walking from here? Aren't we late?"
"Do you have your cell phone?"
"Why, is something wrong? Are we in danger? Is Jason in danger?"
Tink laughed again. "Jason is in danger, from you."
"Very funny." I handed him the phone from my purse.
"What do I do?" Tink puzzled.
"Who do you want to call?"
"Jason."
"Here, give me that." I took the phone and pressed the call button.
"Hey, Jason, it's me."
"Tink's supposed to call. Is everything okay?"
"No, I'm going crazy here."
"Put Tink on."
"Fine." I handed Tink the phone.
"Yeah, she's going crazy... okay, we're on our way, less than a minute." Tink handed the phone back to me and pulled away from the curb. After a short drive, we pulled up at the main entrance to the school.
"Tink, the dance is in the gym, it's around there." I pointed out the windshield.
"Just following orders."
Jason's mom came out of the front door with Cathy's mom. Tink hurried—human hurried—around and opened my door. Jason and Cathy's moms helped me out of the car. They giggled at the getup Elizabeth and Melanie had me in.
"Come on, hurry." Cathy's mom said. "This way."
They ushered me into the front hall area, but stopped short of the hallway to the gym.
"Can you walk with your eyes closed?" Jason's mom said.
"Yes."
"Okay, then close your eyes, you'll have to trust us." Jason's mom said.
I closed my eyes and could feel them undo the cloak that concealed my dress. As they peeled it away, I could hear them whisper.
"Stunning." Cathy's mom said. "You said her mom made it by hand?"
"Yes, it's breathtaking." Jason's mom added.
They smoothed out the dress and then there were camera flashes from every angle. Jason's mom wasn't kidding when she said she was going to take plenty of pictures.
While I was nervous, I was also extremely excited. It seemed like so many people had helped Jason with this. I couldn't wait to see myself and Jason.
"Okay, dear," Jason's mom said as they each slipped a hand into one of mine. "here we go." We started forward.
"No peeking." Cathy's mom reminded me.
The gym quieted as we approached and then I sensed him. He was wearing cologne, but there was no doubt he was there.
"Jason?"
"You're not peeking are you?" he said.
"No."
The two moms let go of my hands and then Jason took my arm in his. The reverberation from his pounding heart was deafening—he was totally excited about whatever was about to happen. There were more flashes I assumed from Jason's mom's camera.
"You guys look awesome."
"Alex?"
"Yeah, me and Matt get to be the doormen."
"What?"
Coach's voice boomed from the other side of the closed doors. "So, without further ado, this year's honorary couple, Miss Izzy Faulkner and Mr. Jason Whitaker."
"Open your eyes." Jason whispered.
As I did, the doors to the gym swung open and Jason led us into the gym among our classmates applause. He led me directly under the large chandelier we'd made in Art. Mrs. Snyder dimmed the lights and lit the chandelier. The other twinkle lights around the gym also came on. Jason pushed me out to arms length and for the first time I realized what he was wearing.
A velvet, blue coat with tails framed a brown, suede vest over a white, ruffled shirt with ruffles that extended beyond the sleeves of the coat, circling his hands. He wore black leather pants, with black, knee-high boots. My gaze drifted down to my gown. The bodice was golden, velvet and the dress, satin, yellow with swoops of material that arced from panel to panel.
Jason pulled me closer and then slid his arm gently around my waist as a slow song began to play.
'Tail as old as time, true as it can be,
Barely even friends, then somebody bends unexpectedly,
Just a little change, small to say the least,
Both a little scared, neither one prepared,
Beauty and the Beast...'
"I love you." Jason whispered as we whirled around the floor. "I hope you don't mind the costume choice, I thought it fit us—me being the beast of course. He flexed his muscle.
'Ever as before, ever just as sure,
As the sun will rise...'
"I love you." I echoed back.
Jason dipped me back and I saw Coach's smile.
"Bittersweet and strange, finding you can change, learning you were wrong," I sang along with the lyrics.
'song as old as rhyme, Beauty and the Beast.'
Jason spun me slowly out to arms length and then escorted me off the dance floor as the song concluded.
"Boys and girls, Jason and Izzy." Coach said. "And now, tonight's home coming king and queen. Without further ado, tonight's home coming king, Mr. Matt Costas."
Matt walked out into the middle of the floor and bowed.
"That's great," Jason said.
"And, finally, this year's home coming queen, Miss Lisa Meyers!"
I squealed with joy as Lisa walked out onto the floor to meet Matt. "I'm so happy for her. She needed this so bad."
The music to Cinderella started, and Matt and Lisa danced. Halfway through the song, the subwoofer started beating and the disc jockey transitioned the song to a more contemporary piece and invited everyone to join them on the floor. Jason and I eased back away from the crowded dance floor.
"Well?" he said. "What do you think?"
"I have no idea, my mind isn't working tonight."
"That's good, right?"
"Yes, very good."
Coach came by and shook hands with Jason, but I gave him a hug—not the easiest thing to do in a full petticoat. Jason's mom followed and took more pictures. It would be nice to have some with my eyes actually open. Ms. Moore followed with congratulations and admiration for our costumes. Then the school yearbook photographer came over with Matt and Lisa. She posed us for several pictures, even one with Alex and Cathy, but Alex drug Cathy back out on the dance floor as soon as the photographer was finished.
"Look at us!" I said to Lisa. "We're gorgeous!"
"Like we totally rock!"
Matt and Jason went for punch.
"You two look nice together." I said to Lisa.
"He asked me out while we were dancing."
"And?"
"Of course I said yes."
"That's great. I'm happy for you."
"You know, I believe you. And that's cool, really cool."
Jason and Matt returned with punch, but Matt said he and Lisa had to dance to the song that started. He set their cups down and they danced out onto the floor leaving Jason and I alone.
"You knew the lyrics," Jason said.
"Yeah." I cocked my head to the side, remembering. "My mom used to play the movie for me while she did laundry."
"I didn't think you remembered anything."
"I don't, not really, this just kinda popped in my head."
"You okay then?"
I nodded. "Elizabeth and Benjamin are my family, but it would be nice to remember more about my past."
"You want to dance?" Jason said.
I looked out across the crowded dance floor and took a shallow breath. "I'd love to."
While we were dancing, I saw Jason's mom take several pictures. She was going to have quite and album to show Elizabeth. With all the activity, it was getting hot on the dance floor and the intense human scent finally forced me to retreat.
"You want to leave?" Jason said.
"No, how would that look, besides, I just need a little break."
"I hear you, this costume is cooking."
I sniffed toward him. "Ah, Jason medium rare, Au Jus."
"Very funny. I don't think we're allowed to leave the gym and get back in—they're afraid of kids sneaking out for drugs—liquor—sex—you know."
I looked toward the doors where we made our entrance. "They have to let us use the bathrooms—maybe that will do."
Jason shrugged. "Sure, why not?"
We started for the doors.
"Jason!" Matt yelled. "Get your butt over here, we're getting a team photo—just the guys."
"You mind?" Jason said.
"No, I'll be fine. I leaned up and kissed him. "I won't be long, promise."
Mrs. Snyder handed me one of the passes. They were only allowing two out of the gym at a time. They were being cautious, but with good reason. I walked down the quiet hallway to the lady's room outside the cafeteria. As soon as I pushed open the door, I knew something was wrong—my senses perked up, but that was all I managed before he pounced on me. He was strong, much stronger than me—stronger than just his human diet. He spun around to my back with his arm around my throat and slammed me up against the wall. Tiles shattered and clattered to the floor from the impact.
"Not a sound or you end here."
His grip on my throat was like iron, like nothing I'd ever experienced. Tink and I had fought often—mostly for fun, but not always and Tink's grip paled in comparison. I could feel the fractures forming as the tissue in my neck began to tear—this was no idle threat.
"Yes." I replied with a strained voice—almost a whisper.
"We're going to walk out of here together. You will not resist, understood." He eased his grip on my throat.
"Okay."
He spun me around, my back now against the wall and I saw him for the first time. He was monstrous, muscles bulging out of his torn clothing, his face huge, bloated, but hard, and deep within their sockets, familiar blood red eyes. There was no doubt he was the one Benjamin called the historian, but he was at least twice the size of what I remembered from the bar in Georgia.
He released my throat; but grabbed my upper arm. He must have suspected I might sacrifice a hand to escape, but doubted I'd be willing to lose an entire arm. We moved toward the door, but it suddenly opened, and in walked Lisa.
"Ahhhh!!!!!" she shrieked before fainting. She hit the floor with a thud, muted by her billowing Cinderella gown as it fluttered down around her.
He pulled me through the door and turned toward the school's main entrance, but Lisa's scream had alerted the police outside the doors.
The two police officer's were already inside, but momentarily froze when they saw us. They went for their guns.
"Police, hold it right there!" one of them ordered.
Their weapons would be of no consequence to either of us, but for some reason, the historian immediately turned away and drug me toward the gym.
Chapter 13 Jason
I walked up to Matt. "Where's Lisa?"
Matt nodded toward the door. "Powder her nose or something, how about Izzy?"
"Same, although she's been gone for longer than I thought. Maybe I should go check on—"
Matt laughed and pointed to Mrs. Snyder. "Good luck with that."
I'd taken two steps toward Mrs. Snyder when I thought I heard a scream from the other side of the door—down the hall. Mrs. Snyder must have heard it too, because she stepped in front of the door, and reached for the door bar.
"Police—"
The door suddenly exploded. Mrs. Snyder was crushed between the door and the wall, crumbling to the floor as the upper door hinges pulled out of the steel doorframe. A huge, hulk of a man stood in the doorway, Izzy dangling from under his right arm like a ragdoll. My gaze met hers just long enough to register her fear. I started forward.
The next thing I knew, the air was knocked out of my lungs and I was flying across the gym. Everything happened so fast—vampire fast. There was screaming, yelling, a blur of black and yellow crashed through the paper chandelier and literally through the doors to the parking lot. I landed on the top of the folded bleachers as the gym went black.
Seconds later, the emergency lights flickered on. It took me a moment to catch my breath before I sat up.
"Jason!" Matt yelled. "What were you thinking?"
I looked down on the chaos that had been the home coming dance. "What?"
"You stepped in front of that dude."
"He had Izzy." I threw my legs over the edge of the bleachers, rolled onto my stomach and dropped to the floor. I knew there was no point chasing after her—I wanted too with all my heart, but I knew it was pointless. I never felt more helpless.
"Over here!" Alex yelled.
Matt and I ran over to where he was knelt down near the double doors to the hallway. Two police officers sprinted past us into the room from the hallway.
"It's Mrs. Snyder." Alex said.
I looked down on her limp body. Her right arm was twisted awkwardly—obviously broken—blood was coming out of her nose and right ear, but more importantly, she wasn't breathing.
"Is she dead?" Matt said.
I knelt down next to her and pressed my fingers against her neck—there was a faint pulse. "No, she's still alive."
"But—"
"Call 911." I tilted Mrs. Snyder's head slightly back to open her airway, but carefully because she obviously had a concussion, took a breath and blew it into her mouth. Her chest rose.
"Rhythmically, Jason."
I looked up at my mom. At least I knew she was safe.
"In and out, in and out." she said.
I pulled my mouth away and Mrs. Snyder's chest sank. I took another breath and blew it into her mouth, but it gurgled out between our lips. I panicked and looked back to Mom.
"You're supposed to hold her tongue back with your finger to keep her airway open."
"Right, I've seen them do that on TV." I pulled Mrs. Snyder's mouth open, pulled her tongue outward and then held it in place with my thumb. I took another breath and blew it into her mouth—her chest rose. I took my mouth away—her chest sank and I repeated the sequence.
"That's it, nice and steady." Mom said.
While I concentrated on Mrs. Snyder, I could hear Coach yelling for calm and slowly the chaos began to dissipate.
"Did you call 911?" Mom said.
"Yes." Alex replied.
"Me too." Matt added.
"Keep it up Jason, I'm sure the paramedics are on their way."
Through the far doors—the ones to the parking lot—I could hear sirens. I tried to concentrate on what I was doing, but all I could think of was Izzy. He had her—but what was he? I'd never seen anything like him, and I'd seen a lot. Then it hit me—it seemed impossible, but what really was impossible? It had to be the guy from the bar in Georgia—the one stalking the Faulkners. The one they called the historian. But how? How'd he get so huge?
"Rhythm, Jason, a steady rhythm." Mom ordered.
I took another breath and blew it into Mrs. Snyder's mouth. Could Izzy be dead? I tried to concentrate, but tears came to my eyes. Could she be dead? There was a commotion behind me.
"What do we have?" an authoritative voice said.
"She was crushed behind the door." Mom explained. "I think she has multiple broken bones and a concussion. She wasn't breathing."
A heavy hand came down on my shoulder—just then Mrs. Snyder coughed. "We got her from here, kid."
I raised up and saw Mrs. Snyder's chest rise slightly on it's own. The paramedic knelt down next to me. Mrs. Snyder took another breath and moaned.
"Give us some room to work, kid." the other paramedic said, pushing me aside.
I stood.
The first guy slipped an oxygen mask over her nose and mouth—it fogged. He looked up at me. "Nice work, kid, probably saved her life."
I turned around for the first time toward the gym. There was a path of destruction between the hallway doors and the doors to the parking lot. The chaperones had the student's on the far side of the gym. There were pale faces, hysterical crying, and blank stares even from one or two of the chaperones. Coach was obviously in charge, shouting commands and comforting chaperone, faculty and student alike.
"I have to warn them." I mumbled.
"What?" Mom said.
"Alex, where's Alex?"
"He's with the medics," Matt said, "I think he broke a rib."
"Is Cathy with him?"
Matt pushed up on his toes to look over the crowd. "No, I don't see her. Jeeze, I've never seen so many cops."
I looked toward the parking lot doors and a swarm of police were coming into the gym. No way I was getting out now, but I had to alert the Faulkner's—tell them what happened. Next best option was Cathy, but where was she?
"Jason?" Mom said as I started toward the hall doors.
"I have to." I ran into the hallway.
"Whoa! Whao! Whoa!" one of three officers said, "Where do you think you're going?"
I froze, unable to speak as I spotted the gold glove in his hand. The other two were propping Lisa up between them. She looked okay—scared, wobbly, but physically okay. "One of the girls is missing." I finally managed.
"We know, it looks like a kidnapping."
"No, another girl, but I think I know where she is." I pointed down the hallway.
"Whatta we got here?" Another male voice said as he walked up from behind me.
I looked over at him. "Officer Burns."
"Hey, kid. What's up?"
"Do you know Cathy, Cathy Hall?"
"Not sure."
"She's Izzy's friend."
"Right, the kind of—well different looking girl."
"Yes, that's her. She's missing, but I think I know where she is." I pointed down the hallway.
The other officer—the one with Izzy's glove, shook his head. "No way she's in the lady's room, looks like a bomb went off in there."
"No, I think she probably went to the art room to hide. She's probably terrified."
 "We sure this was just one guy?" Officer Burns said.
The other officer nodded. "Not sure how one guy could do all this, but from all accounts, it was just one big, guy—probably on Meth'd be my guess."
"Okay, I got this." Officer Burns said and then turned to me. "Lead the way, kid."
We jogged down to the art room. I stopped outside the partially opened door.
"Wait here." I said.
"Not going to happen." Officer Burns said.
"I know Cathy—she's had some issues—"
"I know, I've heard about what happened her freshman year."
"I know you're just trying to make sure I'm safe, but—tell you what, how about we check and see if, in fact, she's in there—alone, and then you ease back and let me talk to her. I know I can get through to her—calm her."
"Okay, but I'm going in first." He drew his pistol.
"Do you have to have the gun out?"
He lowered it below his waist. "Better?"
I nodded.
"Okay, here we go." Officer Burns gently eased the door open. The room was dark, but there was light under, and up the side of a partially opened door on the far wall.
"That's the supply room." I said. "That's were she aids, she probably feels safe there."
I followed Officer Burns across the room toward the door. When we got there, he rested the side of his gun against the door and started to push it open.
"Let me try." I whispered.
He nodded and stepped slightly to the side—still at the ready.
"Cathy? Cathy, it's Jason, are you okay?"
There was no response, but I thought I could hear faint crying. I reached for the door. Officer Burns stopped me and then used his gun to push the door open a little wider. There was definite crying.
"I got this." I whispered to Officer Burns.
Again, he eased aside.
"Cathy I need to come in and talk to you."
"No, this is all my fault. I saw what was going to happen, but I couldn't find her in time."
I intentionally pushed the door open further. We could both see Cathy was alone, huddled in the far corner.
She looked up and saw us like I'd hoped. 
"No! No! No!" she cried.
I motioned Officer Burns away from the door, out of Cathy's sight. She calmed down immediately. "Give us some space. Let me talk to her."
Officer Burns nodded and motioned toward the main door.
I nodded. "I'll call if I need you." I whispered.
He walked quietly to the door, but did not go out in the hall like I'd hoped. We would have to be quiet—if I could get through to her, and that might be a big if.
"Cathy, I'm going to come in so we can talk. Everything is going to be okay." I slowly eased into the room.
Cathy tensed, when she saw me, but eased up a little when she realized I was alone. Fresh tears began to stream down the tracks of mascara on her face.
I moved cautiously toward her and then knelt down next to her.
She leaned over against me. "This is my fault." she gasped.
"No, it's no ones fault, especially yours. If it's anyone's fault it's mine." I glanced toward the door. I knew Cathy was in a fragile state, but I also knew Officer Burns wasn't going to give me much time. "Cathy, we need to help Izzy."
She sniffled and wiped her nose on my sleeve. "He took her, the monster with the eyes—your eyes—the ones you drew." She pushed a crumpled piece of sketch paper toward me.
I unfolded it to the picture I'd drawn. "You can still help her."
"How?"
"Benjamin, her father. You can tell him what's happened."
She sat up. "Yes, if he knows maybe—"
"Exactly. Officer Burns is just outside, we don't have much time." I glanced toward the door again. "Can I help?"
"Yes." Cathy got up to her knees and held her hands out in front of her.
I knelt facing her.
She took my hands and then closed her eyes.
Although I was crazed with worry, I tried to think of Benjamin to help make the connection. After just a few seconds, Cathy's head slumped forward.
"Is Cathy in there, Officer? I'm her mother."
"Jason is with her. Give him a few more minutes, she was pretty upset, but I think he was getting through to her."
I looked at Cathy, her face was still hidden behind her hair. Mrs. Hall knew how fragile Cathy was, she wouldn't wait long.
Suddenly, Cathy's head rocked back so that she was facing the ceiling and then she slowly lowered her gaze to me. "Benjaim knows."
"You got through to him?"
"We did."
I hugged her. "Thank you. Nobody could have done this but you. You're the best."
She wiggled free. "We better go."
"Right. Thank you."
I helped her up and we walked to the door. Her mom and Officer Burns smiled as we stepped out into the main art room.
"Cathy?" her mom said, obviously fearing the worse.
"I'm okay, mom." Cathy looked at me. "Thanks to Jason." She ran into her mom's open arms.
I walked up to Officer Burns. "Thanks."
"Not bad, not bad at all." He looked over at Cathy's mom. "We should get the kids back to the gym."
Chapter 14
We spent the next several hours being questioned by the police—the same questions, over and over again. I walked past the doors to the parking lot once—it looked like something out of an action movie. There were news vans, their communication towers extended up into the night sky, a police helicopter flew by—another, probably the news, hovered overhead. The parking lot was a sea of flashing lights and there was a string of parked cars up the street toward the school. Then there was the crowd of parents outside the doors being held back by the police.
"Jason?"
I turned. "Oh, hey Coach."
"You doin' okay?"
I looked up at him, ready to deliver the, 'yeah, I'm fine,' line but I couldn't. It's not cool for a guy, but I couldn't stop from tearing up.
"Cynthia Williams!" One of the police officers by the door called out. "Cynthia Williams!"
"Why don't we step over here?" Coach said, moving away from the doors. I followed.
A girl—presumably Cynthia—came running to the door. The officer escorted her out to her waiting parents.
"Izzy's gone." I choked out.
"She'll be okay." Coach said. "She's strong. The yearbook photographer got a good shot of the guy—the police are having the film developed ASAP. They'll find her." Coach patted me on the back.
"How's Mrs. Snyder?" I looked down and wiped my eyes.
"Paramedics said she was stable—I heard you saved her life."
"Nah, I just did what anyone would do."
"Not the way I see it. Most everyone here was in shock, or bawling like a baby. Can't say I blame them, that guy froze me in my tracks, but not you. As I heard it, you tried to stop him and got tossed clear across the gym. That'd do it for just about anyone, but you got up and went to the aid of Mrs. Snyder and saved her life, then found Cathy." He grabbed my hand and shook it. "Real hero stuff. I'm proud of you—really proud. Oh hey, Mrs. Whitaker."
"You alright, Jason?" Mom said.
I let go of Coach's hand and collapsed into my mom's arms, tears flooding down my face—real hero stuff.
Coach patted me on the back. "You gotta real special son, Mrs. Whitaker, real special indeed."
"Thanks." Mom said.
"If you need anything, I'll be over by the disc jockey's setup."
"Is there any word about Izzy?" Mom asked.
"No, not yet. The police have been trying to get a hold of her parents, but no luck."
"That's odd." Mom said.
I tried to regain my composure and pulled back from Mom's shoulder. "I called them and spoke to her dad. Her family is not much for sitting idly by and waiting so I imagine they are out looking for her."
"Did you say you talked to Miss Faulkner's parents?" an officer said.
"Yes sir."
"This their number?" He held his phone out to me.
"Yep, that's it, but like I said, I think they're probably out looking for her."
"Your name?" the officer said.
"Jason, Jason Whitaker."
"You're the quarterback."
"Yeah, so freakin' what?"
"Jason, that's no way to talk." Mom turned toward the officer. "He's afraid for her, he didn't mean to be disrespectful."
"No problem ma'am." He turned his attention back to me. "What I meant by 'you're the quarterback' was, that makes you her boyfriend, right?"
"One of the nicest couples you'll ever meet." Coach said.
"What can you tell me about," He glanced down at his notepad. "Izzy?"
"She's afraid, I could see it in her eyes."
"Well, I'm sure anybody would be afraid under the circumstances."
"Not Izzy." I said.
The officer shook his head.
"What Jason is saying," Coach interjected, "is Izzy is no girly, girl—she's the one that stood up to the entire football team last year, it's why we dedicated this season to her. It takes something pretty darn formidable to scare her."
"Something like this?" The officer held out a picture. It was the historian and Izzy just after he'd burst through the gym doors.
"Then it is true." Mom said. "I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me."
"No ma'am, proof's right here and from the way he's holding her, I'd say she's probably injured."
Coach shook his head. "Poor girl."
The officer tucked the picture back in his binder. "Perps gotta be over 6' 6" and what, at least 300 pounds. Gotta be high on something to do all this." He looked at me again. "So no idea why he'd go after Izzy, or who he is?"
"No." I lied.
"Well, I guess she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's probably a good thing. I'm thinking when he comes down off his high he'll let her go." He handed me a card. "Let me know if you think of anything. Don't worry, Jason, we'll get this guy."
I stared at the card in partial disbelief—like the police could help, but they didn't know that. It was killing me knowing I couldn't do anything. "I wonder if I could find Benjamin?" I mumbled.
"What's that, dear?"
"Nothin'. Could we go?"
"Let me check with Coach, and the head chaperone, but I'm sure it will be okay." While I was waiting, Cathy walked up.
"You okay?" she said.
"No."
She looked around cautiously. "One of the Faulkner's will meet you at the house."
That got my attention. "You connected with Benjamin again?"
"No, not really. It's kind of hard to explain, but when I make a connection with someone, their is this kind of flood of information—it usually takes me awhile to sort it all out."
"So you just figured this out?"
"Yeah. I don't think it will be Benjamin, but one of the family will meet you at your house—down by the creek—tonight—later."
"Oh, hi Cathy," Mom said, "how are you holding up?"
"I'm scared for her—really scared."
"We all are." Mom said and gave her a hug.
"I know, I mean I know she's strong like everyone says, but this is different—I'm just really worried about her."
"Well, I don't want you to think I'm making light of the situation," Mom looked at me, "but she's a remarkable young woman, very creative, worldly, I think she will find a way out of this."
"I hope you're right." Cathy said. "You guys headed home?"
"Yeah." I said.
"We are too, as soon as Mom finishes up. You'll let me know if you hear anything?"
"Sure, you do the same." I said.
Cathy nodded. "Well, see you."
Mom and I walked out into the parking lot.
"I have to go check her house, Mom."
She patted my shoulder. "I understand. You be careful, if this thing targeted her, he could be after you too."
"I will." I started for the Rover, but turned back. "Mom?"
"Yes?"
"You be careful too, okay? And, Mom, thanks for—well for everything—it speaks volumes to how much you care about my feelings."
She smiled and got in her car. I think I had the Rover halfway to the exit by the time she pulled out of her parking space.
* * *
The Faulkner house was dark when I got there, but that wasn't a surprise. I doubted they were home—not because of what Cathy said, but they probably were looking for her. I knocked—waited a few minutes and knocked again—nothing. So, okay, Cathy was probably right. I headed home.
Mom was in the kitchen when I got home. She looked up from her cup of coffee—hopeful. I know she could see the disappointment in my eyes, but she asked anyway. "Any word?"
"No, nothing."
"Well, I think we've all had enough excitement for one day."
"You okay, physically?" I'd forgot about Mom's heart condition.
"I'm fine, Jason. Things like this just wear me out these days—the stress, you know."
"Well, I'm sure a good night's sleep will help." I said.
"I'm sure it would, but I don't think either of us will be getting one of those until we know she's safe." She started up the stairs. Halfway up, she paused. "Jason, I'd really prefer it if you stay in the rest of the night."
I looked up at her, not wanting to lie.
"Well, if you must go out please be careful."
"I will. Tell you what, how about I promise to not go out alone?"
"You'd abide by that?"
"Absolutely. I won't go out alone and, I won't stray from our property unless I tell you."
"Bless you. I'll sleep a little better knowing that." She continued up the stairs and into her room.
I flipped on the TV, to kill time while I waited for one of the Faulkner's to make an appearance. I wasn't prepared for the montage they'd done on Izzy and me, complete with the picture of us holding the apple. They covered the game in the sports segment, but even that was linked to the amber alert that had been issued for Izzy. The police—the town was going all out to find her. I hit the mute button when I thought I heard something down by the creek. I half expected it to be one of the raccoon's again, but this was a rhythmic tapping. I immediately started for the back door. As I passed the steps, I thought of calling up to Mom, but decided not to wake her. Instead, I headed through the family room and out through the French doors in the guest room. I approached the creek quietly.
"Hello? Hello, is anyone there?"
Melanie stepped out from behind a tree. She must have seen the surprise in my face. "What, disappointed I'm not one of the boys?"
"No, yes, I guess—I don't know."
She scoffed.
"I know you're just as strong, as fast—"
"Faster, thank you very much."
"So, my bad." I said.
"You're bad what?"
"My bad for not giving you a chance."
"Oh—'my bad'—interesting, I'll have to remember that one."
"So any news?" I asked.
"I'm afraid it's not good. No sign of Izzy or that thing anywhere and—"
"It gets worse?"
"Tink and Hayley are gone. It's Hayley's fault I'm sure of it."
"Yeah, that sucks. He was a great asset.
"That sucks?" Melanie questioned my choice of words. "Oh never mind, my bad." She smiled at her cleverness.
"So, no sign of Izzy. I guess that's not that surprising. Cathy said he wanted her for bait. To me, that means she's safe at least for the time being and, we'll probably be hearing from him—what good is bait if you can't find it, right?"
Melanie thought for a moment. "You're sure about the bait thing?"
"Cathy's been dead on so far. Even got this one, just couldn't find Izzy in time to warn her."
"I need to tell the others."
"What about me?" I asked.
"We might need our own kind of bait." She winked.
"Anything. You know that."
"That sucks?"
I half laughed. "Not even close on that one."
She frowned, "Oh well. We'll be in touch."
"But—" There was no point in finishing, she was gone. I headed back toward he house.
* * *
I expected Melanie's 'we'll be in touch,' to mean later that night or the next day, but here I was at the kitchen table Monday morning. Mom came down.
"I'm thinking I'm not going to school today." I said.
She didn't respond, but went to the counter and poured a cup of coffee. "I imagine it will be a tough day for a lot of your classmates." She said looking out the window.
"Not much I can do about that."
"You're wrong." She turned to look at me.
"Come on, Mom, this is the hardest on me—after her family of course."
"I agree, and I hurt for you. I feel so helpless, because I can't help you though this."
"But you are, by just being here for me."
She winked. "Precisely."
"You know that's not fair." I complained. "You really think me being in school is going to help the other kids?"
"Maybe not everyone, but enough to make it worth the effort."
I got up, washed out my cereal bowl and then placed it in the drying rack. "See you after practice." I gave her a kiss, grabbed my backpack and headed for the Rover.
I pulled into the school parking lot twenty minutes later, but didn't get out of my seat. Instead, I just kept staring at the plywood across the doors to the gym and the makeshift memorial that had appeared in front of them—candles—stuffed animals—notes, things like that. Suddenly there was tapping on my window. I hit the button to roll it down.
"Dude, what are you doing here?" Alex said.
"I don't know exactly."
"I hear you. My mom told me the news last night said that they were going to have counselors here to help the students cope. Can you imagine?"
"Yeah, it's been pretty tough on everyone."
"So no word from Izzy then?"
"Nothing yet." There was a thud, as a heavy hand came down on my roof.
"Man, it's great to see you." Matt said. "Wait till the guys see you're here."
I rolled up the window and got out. "It's not a bad thing—my being here is it?"
"No way." They both said.
Matt looked across the parking lot to a guy climbing out of his car. "Josh!" he called, "Jason's here."
"Seriously?" Josh was one of the defensive linemen.
"Tell the guys!" Matt yelled.
"You bet." Josh hurried into the school.
"Come on." Alex said. "Lets do this."
The three of us headed into the school to the astonished faces of our classmates and teachers. Ms. Moore and Coach met us just inside the front doors.
"I can't believe you all are here," Ms. Moore said.
"I can." Coach smiled.
"Your just being here will mean so much to the other students and help immeasurably with their ability to cope with what happened. I am so proud of you." She addressed me specifically. "Jason, could I have a word?"
"I'll catch up with you guys later." I said.
Matt patted me on the back. "We got this. Right, Alex?"
"Right."
I followed Ms. Moore into her office as Matt and Alex followed Coach down the hall. Ms. Moore closed the door.
"Any news?" Her voice was anxious, tense and penetrated my facade of strength.
I shook my head, not wanting to risk my voice, but I had to wipe my nose, or it would have dripped right on her floor. She grabbed a tissue from her desk. Once she handed it to me, she went to special effort to turn her back on me to unnecessarily straighten some things on her desk.
"I talked to her sister the other night." I said.
Ms. Moore turned around at the sound of my voice.
"They're checking places the family knows, but nothing yet. Have you heard anything about Mrs. Snyder's condition?" I said, to change the subject.
"She's still in intensive care, but improving. The doctors said her injuries were like she'd been hit by a car. Can you imagine?"
"Well, guess I should get going. Izzy really liked the time she spent here with you." I said, not thinking. That made her sound past tense—she was so not past tense—she couldn't be.
"I'm sure we're going to have a lot to talk about when she returns." Ms. Moore said.
"I'm sure you will. It helps knowing you're here for her."
Ms. Moore opened the door. "Jason, it's wonderful you're here for your classmates, but if you need anything—anything at all, I'm here, or if you'd be more comfortable, you can always talk to Coach Singleton."
"Thanks, Ms. Moore, I really appreciate it." With that, I walked out into the hallway to face my classmates.
Chapter 15
The day at school was strange on so many levels, but most of all, my being there had the opposite effect Mom thought it would. While it was true I could tell seeing me helped some of the other students, it did more for me—I actually felt kind of bad for that.
"Okay, guys," Coach shouted, "bring it in." 
The team folded in around Coach and we took a knee as we always did at the end of practice. In this case, an extremely easy practice.
"Real proud of you all for being here with everything that has gone on the last few days. Our undefeated season earned us first place in our division and a bye in the first round of the playoffs—give yourself a hand for that."
We all clapped, but it wasn't as heart felt as you'd have expected.
Coach folded his arms across his chest. "You're probably expecting me to give you a pep talk on how we need to pull together—given we have an undefeated season on the line—and put in some real hard work at practice, but, that's not what you're going to get—not from me. Sure, I care about our season—I know each of you do too. You all put in a lot of hard work to earn it. But, I don't have to tell you that there are way more important things going on now since Izzy's abduction." He looked at me. "You know I love the game, but well, the game pales in comparison to what's going on right now. Quite frankly, I'm shocked, and pleased, some of you are even here."
Coach took a deep breath. "So, we're not going to have any organized practices for the remainder of the week. I feel like you are a special group of young men—more than just teammates, so if you are so inclined, I'd invite you to stay after school, toss the ball around, or just hang out together and be there for one another during this difficult time. Next week, we'll talk about where we go from here. Okay, that's a rap fella's." Coach concluded. "Real proud of you guys."
"Does that mean we're throwing in the towel?" Alex asked as we headed back toward the school.
"No way." Matt chimed in.
"But no practice?"
"I'm going to go with Matt on this one. I think Coach knows we are all—" I searched for the word—"distracted. So I think he just wants to give us a break, let us sort it all out on our own, or as a team—whatever works."
"So what do you want to do?" Alex asked.
"Honest?"
"Yeah, sure."
"I feel like I just want to crawl into a hole."
"Man, that's rough." Matt said.
"Last time—well last time I felt like I had a choice you know, I could do something or not—this time, there's nothing I can do."
Alex grimaced. "You're not thinking like Izzy isn't coming back, are you?"
I shrugged. "I'm dead without her, that's all I know."
We walked the rest of the way back to the locker room in silence.
The next day, most of the guys showed up in the locker room after school, but true to his word, no Coach. Oh sure, he was in his office, but he made no effort to acknowledge our presence. A few of the guys asked me if there was any change, even though they knew there couldn't have been since they'd asked at lunch. We talked about the season, some special moments we each experienced and then guys started drifting off—headed home.
The following day was pretty much the same, but a few of us hit the weight room. It helped me deal with the anger. As I pushed the press bar past a personal best, I noticed Matt was beating the crap out of the heavy bag. Alex was jumping rope with a fire in his eyes I'd never seen. I couldn't say for sure that what Matt and Alex were doing was related to pent up anger about Izzy and the situation, but it sure seemed that way.
On Thursday, the entire team showed up and we all hit the weight room. It was definitely a stress release workout. I saw Coach at the door twice, but he never came in, or said anything. Most everyone was gone by the time I toweled off and headed for my locker. Coach was waiting for me.
"Still no word?" he asked.
"No, nothing yet."
"I see a lot of the team was here today. It must feel good knowing they support you like that."
I looked up at him and could see my confusion reflected in his face.
"You don't think they're here because they want to be, do you?" He sat down next to me. "The way I figure it, the majority of your teammates would much rather be off doing something else than hanging out after school. No, they're not here because they're dedicated to the program, they're here for you—for Izzy."
"You really think so?"
"Bet my life on it." That hung uneasily between us for a moment. "You given any thought to next week?"
"No." I said honestly. "I can't think about anything but Izzy—where she is—if she's safe, hurt, or even alive."
Coach grabbed the bench on either side of his legs and lowered his head, shaking it from side to side. "I know what you mean." After a few minutes of silence, he got up and went back to his office. I felt like he really did know how I felt, how much I hurt and to a great degree, he hurt for Izzy too. I finished getting dressed and headed for the door.
"Hey, Coach," I called into his office. "See you tomorrow."
He looked up, his eyes red and swollen. He nodded.
I made it to the doors before I turned back. "Coach?"
"Forget something?" he said.
"I was wondering," I said, glancing up at the clock, "do you think Ms. Moore is still here?"
Coach glanced at the clock and then picked up his phone. "Yes, Mrs. Hall, has Ms. Moore has left for the day... Really, well thank you." He hung up the phone.
"Coach," a voice from behind me said, "you have a few minutes?"
I turned. "Hey, Ms. Moore."
"Jason, how are you?" She looked at Coach for some indication of if she was intruding.
"Jason was just asking about you." Coach said.
"May I invaded the inner sanctuary of Warrior football?"
"Jason?" Coach said.
"Sure."
Coach stood, I was already standing, as Ms. Moore stepped into the office and found a seat. It was quiet for a moment. I'd gotten used to the awkwardness during the week. It wasn't anyone's fault, they just didn't know what to say around me—I got that, I didn't know what to say either.
"Can we help with something?" Ms. Moore finally said.
"I don't know—it's kind of last minute."
"Well, why don't you tell us what's on your mind and we'll go from there? That all right with you Coach?"
"Sure enough."
"Well, I was thinking that the last week has been pretty hard on most everyone—you know with everything that's happened." I tried to stay away from specifics—thinking or saying Izzy's name—I knew I would breakdown if I did. "So next week is our shot at regional's and—"
"Jason," Ms. Moore said. "I know you don't want to let your teammates down, but I don't think this is the time—"
"But it is the time." I interrupted. I glanced over at Coach. "Don't you see, I've already let my teammates down—my coaches—my classmates—myself and Izzy." I let my gaze fall to the floor. Just saying her name brought tears to my eyes. I paused a moment to regain my composure. I noticed Coach touch Ms. Moore's arm, I think signaling her to give me a moment. "Do you guys think it would be possible to do a pep rally Friday—tomorrow?" I looked up.
Coach had that proud smile on his face, but Ms. Moore looked shocked. "I don't know, Jason," Ms. Moore said, "it hasn't even been a week—"
"I know—I feel it more than anyone, but we need it—the team needs it—the school needs it—I need it. Izzy is a vital part of our team chemistry—without her, I don't know—but if the school rallied behind us, maybe we could beat this thing and rally to play a good game. Heck, at this point, just stepping out on the field would be a victory. That has to help everyone, right?"
Coach looked at Ms. Moore for a moment, and then to me. "How about at the end of the day?"
"Sure, I can see how that would be easier, but with the weekend and all, I think it would be lost. No, I think we need to have it early in the day."
"Young man has a point." Coach said.
"Anything specific you have in mind?" Ms. Moore asked.
I swallowed hard. "It can't be about Izzy, that would just bring everyone down even more. Like I said, Izzy means a lot to the team, and we're kind of lost without her. I know you probably don't see it, but in the locker room, the weight room, even just in the halls, there's this unspoken obstacle all the players are facing. Our chemistry is broken. As it stands, we don't have a chance in next week's regional's."
"That's completely understandable." Ms. Moore said.
"Sure, you're right, but we're never going to get this chance again. Izzy wouldn't want us to just lay down without a fight."
"So what are you thinking?" Coach asked.
"Like I said, Izzy meant—means a lot to the team—it's a huge deal she's not here, but we're great players, she just brought out the best in us. What we need, is some way to recognize each player and inspire him to go out on that field and play his best—to overcome what's happened."
Coach looked at Ms. Moore, and then to me. "Okay, son, you've got it. We'll work out the details."
"Thanks, I think it will mean a lot to everyone. I don't think a single player didn't feel better after a session with the heavy bag. Maybe, the students will get the same lift watching us play our hearts out." I got up.
"We're going to stay and work out the details." Coach said.
"By the way," Ms. Moore said, I heard Mrs. Snyder is awake and doing much better."
"That's great." I said. "Thanks for letting me know. Well, I better be getting home, I have a test to study for."
"Feel like pizza?" Coach said as I left his office. I guess he and Ms. Moore had a lot to do. I felt bad, dropping this on them last minute and all, but it was important and I was grateful that they were onboard. They were both real special people.
Mom was on the phone when I got home, but I just waved and headed upstairs to the shower. The shower felt great. Don't get me wrong, especially after such an intense lifting session, and of course the emotional drain talking with Coach and Ms. Moore had taken, but it didn't do it's usual magic. I hurt—I hurt everywhere—I felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest—at times it was even difficult to breathe—there was just no fixing that.
We ate in silence like we had the last few nights. It was nice Mom was giving me space, but this time was different. Before, there'd always been this little edge she had about Izzy, but now, it felt like she missed her almost as much as I did and even more than that, she understood how I felt. I knew it was hard on her, not being able to help.
The next morning, Mom was in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee when I came down. We made the usual small talk—she asked about the math test I had—but nothing out of the ordinary. When she gave me a kiss goodbye, it kind of looked like she was wearing makeup, but I didn't think anymore about it, she probably had an early doctor's appointment.
Miss Berkshire was late to Advisory class, and as she set her things on her desk, Ms. Moore came on over the loud speaker.
"Students, faculty and teachers, we're going to observe a shortened class schedule today, we have a special surprise planned. At the end of Advisory, would the band report to the band room, cheerleaders to the gym and the varsity football team to the boy's locker room. Thank you."
"What's going on?" A girl in the front of the class asked Miss, Berkshire.
"Yeah, what's going on?" Another chimed in.
"I haven't a clue." Miss Berkshire said. "We'll just have to wait and see." She walked to the head of each row and handed out a stack of papers. "Please take one and pass the rest back."
Class went on like normal, until the early bell.
The locker room was all a buzz with confusion and anticipation. A couple of the guys said they thought we were going to step aside in the playoffs—they definitely didn't know Coach. Finally, Coach made an appearance.
"Everyone here?" He peered over us. "Justin?"
"I'm here, Coach." Justin said as he came out of the bathroom.
"Okay, I know you're all wondering what's up, but well, it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you. So, first things first. I want you all to put your game jersey on over whatever you're wearing—that's it, just your jersey."
"Mine still stinks." A kid said from the back of the locker room.
"Just wear it."
"Right, Coach."
"Once you're dressed, just hang out here until I come and get you. No one leaves the locker room."
"Got it, Coach." Matt said, stepping beside the door. "They gotta get past me first."
Everyone laughed.
Coach gave me a slight nod, and went into his outer office, closing the door behind him.
"What's going on?" A bunch of the guys started asking.
Matt looked at me. "They find Izzy?" The locker room fell silent.
I guess I should have figured that might come up, but I wasn't prepared for it—I mean I could see how you might jump to that conclusion if you didn't know—I just didn't expect it.
Alex stepped in as all eyes fell on me. "No, Cathy said there's still no news." You could feel the anticipation in the locker room wane.
"Sure, we're all worried about her," I said, "but we've got a game to think about."
Matt patted me on the back. "Give it a rest, Jason. We hear you, but seriously—you think we can play? You think you can play?" The guys started to turn away.
"Hold on a second." I said. "I'm not going to lie, I have no idea if I can play—heck its hard enough just getting through the day. I don't know what they've got planned, but what I know is that you guys have been here for me—for each other—all week and words cannot tell you how much that has meant to me. I don't know where I'd be if it hadn't been for you guys."
"Ah, don't go gettin' all mushy on us." Matt said. A few of the guys laughed, but it was forced.
I slugged Matt in the arm. "No, that's not what I'm sayin'. What I'm sayin' is that you guys have been here for me, to help me cope with what happened, but what about the rest of the school, our classmates, who's been there for them?"
"They had their parent's—the counselors." A boy in the back said.
"Did that help any of you?"
There was a lot of kind of looking around at one another, but no answer.
"They need us guys, more than just someone to root for, but someone to help them see past what happened. I told Coach, I have no idea what will happen when we step out on that field next week, but it's a victory, if we can just do that."
"You told Coach?" Matt said. "So you had something to do with this?"
"I don't know, not really, I just thought we owed it to ourselves to give this our all."
"So you're sayin' forget about Izzy and concentrate on the game—really?"
"No! I could never forget about Izzy, but do you think she'd want us to blow the only opportunity we will ever have at regional's—really?" I mimicked.
The guys kind of looked around at one another.
"No way," Matt said, "Izzy was all about fighting—going for it." That started a string of similar comments. This was becoming about Izzy.
"Okay, okay," I said to get everyone's attention. "One thing—not a word about Izzy."
"But—" Matt started.
"I know, believe me I know, but the kids out there need to forget about what happened. I've heard some kids sayin' they haven't slept a wink since the dance—they're scared. We need to go out there and help them forget—even if it's just for a little while. We can do that, I know we can."
Coach popped his head in the door. "Okay, fella's, when I call your name, I want you to line up against the wall out in the hallway." One-by-one, he went through the team roster. Once we were all out in the hall, Coach came out of the locker room. "Okay, you're going to follow me down to the gym—not a word got it—and then you're going to wait in the hallway. Mrs. Hall will send you in when I call your name, but you will stay back with Mrs. Hall until she tells you to go into the gym. Am I clear?"
"Yes, Sir!" We all replied.
We followed Coach toward the gym, but stopped a good fifty feet from the doors. You could see the repairs. They must have been completed last night, or early this morning. Coach continued on to the doors. He waited until his name was announced and then stepped into the gym. I couldn't make out what he was saying, but the gym was eerily quiet. Mrs. Hall walked a few steps toward the door—presumably so she could hear Coach better—but motioned us to stay put.
Finally, Mrs. Hall motioned the first player in line toward the gym. While the door was open, you could hear light applause. Mrs. Hall motioned for the next boy in line with similar results, when he went through the doorway. It didn't sound like this was going the way I'd hoped. I stepped out of line and walked up to Mrs. Hall.
"They don't sound very enthusiastic." I said.
She looked at me, empathetically. "Maybe it will get better as we go along." She motioned for the next player.
"Maybe, but it's not fair to these guys, right? I mean they work just as hard as everyone else."
"I think it's just—it's too soon." Mrs. Hall said. She motioned for the next player—same lame results.
"Would you please go tell Coach I need to be next."
"Jason, I—"
"Please?"
"Very well." Mrs. Hall motioned for the next boy, but followed him through the doors.
"What's up?" Alex asked as he walked up to me.
"It's not having the affect we hoped for—everyone is still so down."
Alex turned back toward the team. "Matt!"
Matt jogged up. "What's up?"
"The kids are still in 'whoa is me mode'—we need to fix that." Alex said.
"How?" Matt said.
Mrs. Hall came out of the gym. She got this mushy, warm, motherly look on her face when she saw the three of us. "I'll tell Coach." She turned and went back into the gym.
Alex put his arms around Matt and my shoulders. "We got this, right?"
Mrs. Hall poked her head into the hallway and waved us forward. We walked toward the doors with Alex's arms on our shoulders. As we approached, Mrs. Hall leaned forward and pushed the other door open. We stepped into the gym as Coach announced our names. None of us were prepared for what we saw.
On the right, the students were more or less—more less—clapping. On the left, the parent's were doing the same. Next to the parents, a group of maybe six to ten police officers. Across the floor from us, the cheerleaders were just standing there. Alex, Matt and I looked at one another, perplexed and then huddled up.
"Talkin's not goin' to work." Alex said.
"Not a chance." Matt agreed.
I nodded in agreement. "I don't want this to be about Izzy," I said.
"I know," Alex said, "but maybe a little—just about her and us, the football team—you know, the good stuff."
"I hear you," I said, "I just don't know if I can get through that."
There was some shuffling and quiet conversations started in the bleachers.
"What's up, fella's?" Coach said stepping into our huddle.
Matt looked over at Coach. "You okay with a change of plans?"
"What do you need from us?"
I waved Mrs. Hall over. When she joined us, I said, "Can you bring the rest of the team in?"
She looked at Coach, nodded and headed for the doors.
"Mrs. Hall," Alex called after her, "tell them to bring all the helmets—ours too." Alex looked at me for approval.
I nodded knowing how difficult that would be. "Coach, when Mrs. Hall gets back with the team, will you announce the entire football team?"
"You got it."
"We need to get this place loosened up." Matt said.
"That we do." Coach replied. "I don't think any of us realized just how hard this hit everyone—parents included."
Matt smiled. "I got this."
We put our hands in the middle—like we always did on the field—Coach included, did our chant ending with a loud "Warriors!"
Mrs. Hall was already gone and you could hear a slight commotion in the hallway as the team scrambled back to the locker room. It would take them a few minutes to get the helmets and get back. Coach walked to the podium, but stood silently as Matt started across the floor toward the cheerleaders. As he went, he started raising his arms up and down.
"Get up!" he yelled. "Get up!"
When he got to Lisa, he said something to her and then pointed to the band. The cheerleaders lined up with Matt at Lisa's side, and the band started the Warrior fight song. Alex and I gawked as Matt started doing the routine with the cheerleaders. There was laughter from the student section that you could hear over the band and a barrage of flashes from cell phone cameras. Poor Matt was never going to live this one down.
Alex and I looked toward each other. "Salute?" Alex whispered.
"Yeah, like the one we do with Izzy when we score." I replied.
"I got the parents." Alex said and headed toward that side of the gym.
I jogged over to the student bleachers and started a slow walk down the gym, pointing and then pulling my fist against my heart. After a few, just random gestures, I started pointing toward the student who looked the most afraid, or lonely, or sad. After a few more like that, I could see kids actually looking for me to point to them. I slowed, so I could point to each one that looked like they needed, or wanted the gesture.
The band finished the fight song, but just rolled into playing it again. I glanced over at Matt and he'd picked up the routine a little better, but that might have made it even more comical.
Suddenly, from behind me, Coach yelled over the loud speakers, "Your Warrior football team!"
Everyone stood, and cheered. I continued down the bleachers until I reached the end, not missing one kid. Alex and I met Matt at the cheerleaders.
"Nice job twinkle toes," Alex said to Matt.
"Thanks." I said to Lisa.
Her smile was genuine, but strained. We weren't done yet. As Matt, Alex and I jogged over to the team, the guys started our team chant, pumping their helmets over their heads. They tossed us our helmets and we joined in the chant. Finally, we ended with, "Warriors!"
Matt stepped into the middle before we broke. "Let's do this."
"Do what?" I said.
"Stack our helmets, like before."
"Matt, I don't know—"
"Trust me, this is what we all need. You go first, right in the middle of the Warrior logo on the floor."
"Okay." As I walked toward the middle of the floor, the team peeled back toward the entrance. Everyone in the bleachers remained standing, but the gym was so quiet, you could hear each one of my steps squeak across the polished wooden floor. I set my helmet down, and started back toward the team. Matt met me halfway, We slapped a high-five and then Matt continued on, placing his helmet next to mine. This continued, teammate by teammate until the last helmet was placed in the center of the gym in what had become a pyramid of helmets.
"Now what?" I said to Matt.
"Follow me." He led Alex and I over to the podium where Ms. Moore and Coach were standing.
"Thank you boys, that was beautiful."
"Sorry if we messed up your plans." Matt said.
"We're losing them." I mumbled.
"What do you mean, Jason?" Ms. Moore asked.
"They need to forget, we need them to forget even if it's just for a little while—that was the whole idea of this rally, to forget."
"Jason," Ms. Moore said, "no one wants to forget—to better cope, but not forget." She looked at Coach.
He took the cue and stepped up to the mike as everyone took their seats. "Students, parents, I want to thank you for your show of support during this difficult time. Principal Moore and I have a special surprise for everyone." Coach nodded to Mrs. Hall. She walked promptly to the interior doors, and then began to open them. 
Coach said," Students, parents, fellow faculty, please join me in welcoming Mrs. Snyder."
Everyone in the gym jumped up and applauded as Mrs. Hall pushed Mrs. Snyder's wheelchair across the floor. As they got closer, beneath her padded hospital helmet you could see the sever bruising on her face. The whites of her eyes were blood red. Alex and I walked up to her as Mrs. Hall stopped next to the podium.
"We're so glad to see you." Alex said.
"Are you okay, should you be out like this?" I asked.
"I'm going to be just fine, Jason, thanks to you. I owe you my life."
"No, you don't owe me, but seeing you is fantastic."
Coach pulled the microphone off the podium and held it down so Mrs. Snyder could speak.
"Thank you all," she said in a frail voice, "thank you so much for all your prayers and well wishes. As you can see, I have a ways to go, but the doctor's say I will be good as new in a few weeks. I also want to extend a special thanks to Jason. Without his act of bravery I would not be here today." She turned to me and Coach. "Bless you Jason."
Coach stepped toward me with the microphone. I shook my head, not willing to risk my voice.
The gym was in total silence again after the jubilation of seeing Mrs. Snyder. I walked across the gym to the stack of helmets and removed the one from the top. It wasn't mine, but that didn't really matter. The tears were welling up in my eyes, I was about to totally humiliate myself, but  deep down, I didn't care. I took a few steps back from the pyramid and set the lone helmet on the floor, the mask facing the students. I paused, to regain my composure as best I could and then walked back to Coach. He handed me the microphone. I motioned for Matt and Alex to join me as I stepped toward the middle of the gym.
I turned to the parents. "Thank you all for taking time out of your busy day to be here. I know I speak for the entire team when I say, it means the world to us. Thank you." I turned to the student side of the gym. "Thank—thank—" my voice broke as I looked into their faces.
Matt leaned over the microphone. "Thanks for showing us your support."
Alex followed and added. "This has been a tough week."
"Yeah," Matt said, "real tough, but you know that, it's been tough for all of us."
I had surrendered the microphone to Matt, unable to face my pain. "We need—" I put my hand over the microphone and Matt stopped. Matt nodded and whispered, "You got this. Me and Alex are with you."
I glanced over at Coach and he nodded that I should continue. "Be right back, guys." I whispered. Matt handed me the microphone and then I walked over to Mrs. Snyder.
"I think you all will agree, that no one feels the physical and emotional pain of last weeks abduction more than Mrs. Snyder and I—except maybe Izzy's family. I know you're all as glad to see Mrs. Snyder recovering from her injuries as I am. How are you doing?" There was an uneasy shuffling in the audience. "I'm not doing so good." I patted my chest over my heart. I took a moment to gather myself and noticed a few girls crying—Lisa being one of them. I ignored them as best I could and pressed on.
"You see stuff like this on TV, or hear about it on the radio, but it isn't supposed to happen to you—it happens somewhere far away to someone else. You, me, our parents, teachers & faculty don't know what to do—none of us do, we're hurt, afraid, probably both. 
If you're feeling a little awkward about being here today, well, blame me, this was my idea. Ms. Moore, Coach told me it was to soon, that we needed more time and you know what, they were right." I looked around the gym, and spotted Mom—she was one of the ones crying, but I knew it was for more than just how she felt. I knew it was partly because she knew how difficult this was for me.
"I didn't want to think about this, I doubt you do either, but we have a chance to bring home a regional title to our school. I waved my arm across all the students—your regional title. Until yesterday, I don't think there was one player on the team that thought it was possible for us to even play that game." I motioned to the players who were nodding their head's in agreement. "So, you're probably wondering how could we play football after what happened, or maybe, what changed?" A good portion of the students were nodding.
"Well, the weight room was the answer for us. Please excuse me Ms. Moore, but there was something about beating the crap out of the heavy bag, or lifting past your personal best until you couldn't even lift your arms. Did it make the pain go away, no, but it helped get the anger out—the helplessness. Now, I can't tell you we're going to go out there and kick butt next week, but each of my teammates agree that just stepping out on that field will be a huge victory after everything that's happened.
"Yeah!" Matt yelled. A couple boys in the stands echoed Matt's sentiment.
"So Matt, Alex and I are thinking maybe the team could be your weight room—your heavy bag—that yelling and screaming for us to fight might help you cope with your own anger and helplessness."
A buzz of quiet conversation started in the student section of the bleachers.
"While you're thinking that over," I said, "there's one more thing I want you to consider. Every game this year, we started by bumping our helmets with Izzy as we took the field. Since she probably won't be with us for this game, we'd like you—each of you—to fill in for her."
It was quiet for a long moment until Mrs. Snyder pulled my arm down and spoke into the microphone. "I'm in."
"I'm in!" Cathy yelled as she stood.
"I'm in." Lisa said.
"We're in." the rest of the cheerleader squad said, joining Lisa. That started a barrage of students accepting the offer.
"Guys, you want to grab your helmets?" I whispered. We jogged out onto the floor and while the team retrieved their helmets, I picked up the solo helmet and held it between my hands at my waist—the mask still facing the students. The team fell in behind me. Matt and I looked over at the band conductor as the team raised their helmets over their heads.
"One, two, three, four!" Matt yelled and the band started the Warrior fight song again. When they finished, the team took a knee behind me.
"We hope you will come out to the game to support us—we've never needed you more." I pulled the helmet close to my heart and then pushed it out to arms length. "I offer you a chance to show Izzy your support."
Lisa immediately led the cheerleader squad across the floor. She brushed her hand on the helmet I was holding as she passed, and then fell in beside me. The rest of her squad did the same.
Student's began pouring out of the bleachers and lining up to show their support by touching the helmet.
"Will students please return to their classes when they're finished here." Ms. Moore announced. "Thank you all for being here this morning."
I was surprised when Dillon walked by after touching the helmet. Sure, it might have been peer pressure, but he did it just the same. I looked over and there were quite a few parents speaking to Mrs. Snyder. When I looked back, Officer Burns touched the helmet, to pay his respects, followed by he rest of the officers in attendance. I just stood there, tears streaming down my cheeks as the parents also walked by to touch the helmet.
Chapter 16
That Friday's practice was so intense, Coach had to keep reminding us to take it easy. The mood among the students improved a little, and like I suspected, the video's of Matt's performance with the cheerleaders went viral.
The weekend past quietly. I watched a little college football on television, but avoided any news especially the local news. Mom kept telling me no news was probably good news, but it didn't feel that way. I also went by the Faulkner place a few times, but no one was there. Like Mom's 'no news being good news' it was probably a good thing—it meant they were still searching for her, but it also meant they hadn't found her, and no matter how you looked at it, that was a bad thing.
A few students showed up at the fence to watch Monday's practice. There were more on Tuesday and even more on Wednesday. Their presence really seemed to lift the guys spirits. At least while we were on the field, we could think about something other than Izzy.
Coach ran a light practice on Thursday and as the team took a knee at the conclusion, the student's at the fence headed for the parking lot.
"I'm real proud of you guys," Coach began, "you put in one hell of an effort this week. I think you all worked harder than tryouts—that seems like a lifetime ago. You all have developed into a group of fine young men. You've shown the courage to stand together and rise up in the face of adversity. I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow night, but I know you will give it your all. I can't imagine coaching a finer group, and I'll be proud to take the field with you. Make sure you attend to your studies and get a good night's rest. I'll see you all tomorrow."
We all pressed in around Coach, did our chant and concluded with a loud, "Warriors!"
* * *
I was sitting in Izzy and Cathy's spot in the bleachers after practice when I noticed Coach walking across the track toward me. He didn't acknowledge me, but climbed the stairs and then sat down next to me. We sat in silence for a longtime.
"I fussed at her for being out here after dark." Coach finally said. "Yep, after what happened to Cathy, it just didn't seem safe. Oh, she gave me grief about it, said she could take care of herself, but I made her leave just the same. She's a real fighter that one."
"She is." I said.
"Now, you know how I feel about what she did for the team last year, but even before that, she showed some real spunk."
"What do you mean?"
"No one knows I saw what really happened in the hallway outside the cafeteria that day. See, that knucklehead Derrick had knocked her books out of her hands and when she knelt down to pick them up, well, she poked a hole in his soda cup. Took a lot of spunk to do that. It was all I could do to keep from bustin' out laughin'."
"I didn't know that."
He patted my knee. "You have that same fire. Oh, I'd be lying if I told you I knew everything was going to work out, but I just can't see anything separating you two. No sir, can't see it." He patted my knee again, got up and walked down the bleachers. At the bottom, he looked back up towards me. "You keep her in your prayers, it'll all work out. Don't stay too long. Goodnight."
"Night, Coach."
It was a cold night, crisp and clear and I think there were more stars visible than I'd ever seen. I relived Izzy and my entire relationship while I sat there, staring at the stars, even the part when we were kids and she was human. Finally, the cold started to get to me so I eased up to my feet.
Thump.
Startled, I turned toward the sound beside me. "Melanie!" I grabbed her in a huge hug. I could feel her tense, but I didn't care.
"I have news." she said.
I let go of her. "That's good, right?"
She hesitated for what seemed like an eternity. "Benjamin believes we have located them."
"But?"
"It seems your friend was correct, it appears to be a trap."
"What do we do?"
She smiled and patted my cheek. "So brave."
"I'd do anything for her."
"I know—we all know." she corrected. "For now, she's in no further danger and Benjamin wants to see if he can figure out how our adversary has become well, so huge."
"You said, 'she's in no further danger', what does that mean?"
She hesitated.
"Come on Melanie, what is it?"
"Oh, alright, but I wasn't supposed to tell you this part."
"Just tell me already."
"She's not herself."
"By not herself—"
"Hayley only got a brief look, but it was her assessment that our adversary has been feeding Izzy human blood."
"Why? Why would he do that?"
"I don't know—to be malicious I suppose. It will likely be sometime—if ever before she can see you again—your blood, well you understand."
"I don't care, Melanie, I'll do anything to help recue her—anything."
"Your game is tomorrow?"
"Game—the game doesn't matter."
"Yes it does—to Izzy it matters a great deal. Besides, we're not ready to act just yet."
"But you can't let him keep torturing her like that. She hates the monster she becomes—sorry, I didn't mean it like that."
"I know. We'll let you know when we're ready. Benjamin wants your input."
"Thank him for me. I'll be ready whenever you need me, day or night—game or no game."
"We'll be in touch." She turned toward the railing at the back of the bleachers. "Good luck tomorrow we're all pulling for you." She bounded over the railing and by the time I peered over the edge, she was gone. This was going to be a difficult secret to keep. Cathy—I could tell her.
* * *
Mrs. Hall seemed surprised to see me when she opened the door.
"Is Cathy home?"
"She's in the kitchen, studying with Alex."
"Oh." I pulled up. I couldn't really talk to her with Alex around. "I'll just catch up with her later. Thanks."
"Jason?" Cathy said from the doorway when I was halfway to the Rover.
"Hey, I didn't mean to interrupt."
She ran down to me. "You have news."
"She's okay, I had to tell someone and well, you're really the only one who can know at this point.
"You don't sound very reassuring."
"Melanie—her sister—"
"I remember her."
"Oh, right, the game. Well, Melanie said you were right, it looks like some kind of trap. She really didn't tell me any more than that."
"But Izzy's okay, right?"
"Not exactly."
She reached down and took my hand in hers. "Come on." I followed her back inside and into the kitchen. "Mom, we're going to need some privacy if that's okay—no, we need privacy Mom, it's important."
"Okay. I'll be upstairs. You boy's behave."
"Yes, ma'am." Alex and I said in unison.
"What's up?" Alex said once Cathy's mom was gone.
Cathy looked at me before she spoke. "Alex, it's time you know something—"
"No!" I interrupted.
Cathy looked back at me and while staring into my eyes, continued. "It's time you know something about me."
"Not sure I like the sound of this." Alex said.
Cathy turned her attention to Alex. "You know I'm not, shall we say normal, but you don't know to what extent."
"Okay," Alex said, apprehensively. "but you're thinking now is the time I should know?"
Cathy glanced at me again and then back to Alex. "Yes."
Alex looked at me. "I'm not going to like this am I?"
"Cathy," I said, "I don't think—"
"Trust me."
I looked at Alex. "Guess she's calling the shots."
Alex took a deep breath and exhaled.
"First the good news," Cathy said, "Izzy is alright."
"Really! That's awesome." But Alex quickly picked up on the unspoken, 'but'.
"She's not actually safe yet," I said, "and we can't tell anyone—not a soul, not even the police or your family. It must remain between the three of us, got it?"
"Sure, okay, I guess."
"No, 'I guess.'" I said. "Honestly, I'm not even okay with you knowing, but I trust Cathy."
"Hey, have a little faith," Alex said. "I'm good with it being on the QT." He looked back at Cathy. "So what are you not saying?"
"Do you remember when Izzy was missing before? Not when Jason went after her—in the spring?"
"Yeah, sure, I remember."
"I helped Jason find her."
"That's cool—wait, do you mean that time in Jason's house when you two were—"
"Yes." Cathy said.
"So how exactly did you help him find her?" Alex asked.
"I guess you could call it telepathy, but I can kind of make myself like a conduit between two people. For reasons I don't understand, it works best with Izzy."
"And?" Alex tested.
Cathy looked at me. "I want to try and help Jason connect with her."
"So like you want me to leave?"
"No, I want you to help." Cathy said. "It works better with three and you like Izzy, right?"
"Sure." Alex squirmed in his chair. "What I have to do?"
Cathy pushed up against him and gave him a kiss. "I knew you would help." She looked at me. "Have a seat." Cathy put her hands on the table, one toward me, the other toward Alex.
"What about the whole transparency thing?" I whispered.
"I won't tell if you won't. Seriously, just block it out and you'll be fine."
"Might be easier said than done."
"What's that?" Alex said.
"You ready?" Cathy said to avoid the subject.
"This isn't going to hurt is it?" Alex said.
I shook my head.
"Alright, lets join hands."
Alex and I grasped Cathy's closest hand and then each other's.
"Now, just close your eyes and concentrate on Izzy—think about only her."
A fog enveloped me, but I concentrated on Izzy trying to cut through the uncertainty—I needed to tell her she was going to be okay. Suddenly, I saw Alex kissing her—the image quickly changed to Alex kissing Cathy. I was pretty sure Cathy did that. I never suspected Alex felt that way about Izzy.
"Concentrate, concentrate." Cathy murmured.
Alex suddenly clasped down on my hand at the same moment an image of Izzy appeared, but before it became clear, Alex's grip loosened. Izzy was chained down on a slab of stone. Her ball gown was shredded and completely stained with blood as was her face. Her body was still, but I could sense the turmoil she was fighting inside. Her eyes—her crimson eyes opened.
"Izzy, it's me. You're going to be okay, we're coming to get you."
There was what seemed like a moment of familiarity before she went wild, straining and thrashing at the chains that bound her. Then, she roared, a primal blood thirsty roar. "I want you!" She heaved one last time against the chains with such force she startled me and presumably Cathy—the connection was broken.
I stood, knocking my chair to the floor.
"Did it work?" Alex said. Apparently Cathy was able to keep what we were seeing from him.
"Thanks Alex, Cathy, I have to go." I headed for the door.
"Is everything alright?" Cathy's mom called down the stairs as I hit the front steps.
I was climbing in the Rover when I heard the front door slam. Cathy ran down the sidewalk to me. I stopped short of closing the door. "You saw her?" I said.
Cathy nodded. "The Izzy we know isn't there. When she said she wanted you—"
"I know. It doesn't matter, I will help her find her way back, I swear. Alex didn't—"
"No, I kept him from seeing her. I'm sorry it didn't turn out the way you wanted." She stepped back. "Good luck tomorrow, I'll be rooting for Izzy too."
"Thanks." I pulled the door closed, started the engine and backed out of her driveway.
* * *
I couldn't sleep that night. I couldn't concentrate in school either. All I could see was that image of Izzy chained down, covered in blood—human blood. Something had to be done and soon. I was sitting on the bench in the locker room when Alex came up and sat down next to me.
"You okay?" he said.
I didn't answer.
"Listen, I know this is our secret, but I feel for you man—I mean to see Izzy like that was frightening."
"You saw her?"
"It was just a flash and then Cathy and I were making out, but I figure she must have done that on purpose. Don't you think we should tell the police?"
"Tell them what? We have no idea where she is, and we can't really go to them with, we had a séance and saw she's in trouble."
"Yeah, you're right. I hope she's going to be alright."
"Thanks Alex, for everything."
"That's what friends are for, man. And about that other time—the one at your house, I'm sorry, I had no idea." He got up, gave me a quick pat on he back and walked down to where some of the team was gathering.
How could I walk out on that field knowing what was happening to Izzy—no way. No matter how much I wanted to pretend I could put it out of my head and focus on the game, it just wasn't possible. I slammed my hands down on the bench and then pulled my shoulder pads off over my head.
"News?" Coach said as he walked up from his office. "About Izzy?"
"Nah." I set my pads down on the floor.
Coach stepped in behind me and grasped my shoulders. "Whoa, there's some serious tension going on here." He began to massage my shoulders. After a few minutes of silence he continued. "I know you probably don't want to hear this—I know you feel like you're caring the weight of the world on your shoulders—you're right, you are."
I twisted to look up at him. "You kiddin'n me?"
"Nope, everything is riding on you. Oh sure, the other guys have got to pull their weight, but they're looking to you. The kids, their parents out there in the stands, they're looking to you—you told them you were going to be there for them—not for the game—for them. I even suppose the police are looking to you. They've got to be pretty discouraged by now—probably feel like they've let you, the school, the entire community down, but mostly Izzy. Most of all though, you and I both know Izzy is looking to you. She's scared, maybe hurt, maybe feeling like her whole life is hanging in the balance—but the way I see it, she knows you'll be there. In her heart she knows you are there for her—her forever." He stepped back, and started toward the team.
"Thanks Coach." I managed in a broken, raspy voice.
He raised his hand, like it was nothing and continued on. I put my shoulder pads back on, made a stop in the bathroom to wash the tears out of my eyes and then joined the team.
Matt started the chant, and we all joined in getting louder and louder with each repetition. We worked ourselves into a frenzy culminating in a loud, "Warriors!"
"Alright, boys," Coach began, "you've worked your entire career for this—your big moment in the spotlight. Each and everyone of you deserve this, so relish in the spectacle of what is about to transpire—enjoy it!" Coach waved his hands over us and we took a knee right there in the locker room. "I know we've got a lot of other things on our minds—oh heck, we're all worried about Izzy—and we should be. Now you probably think I'm going to tell you to put her out of your thoughts and concentrate on football, but I'd be a fool to think you could do that. Do I look like a fool?"
"No Coach!" everyone shouted.
"I want you to take all that bottled up anger with you out on the field and play your heart out for Izzy, for your classmates, for your parents, teachers and school."
"And you Coach." I added.
"Yeah!" Matt said.
"Oh heck with the policy," Coach said, "will you bow your heads with me?"
We all lowered our heads.
"Lord, watch over and protect Izzy, and give us the strength to fight for her—to show the world how much she means to us. Amen."
"Amen." We all echoed.
The team fell in behind Coach. I was in the lead, Alex followed, then Matt and the rest of the team. We weren't prepared for what awaited us on the other side of the doors. There was a line of students, and parents, that led the entire distance across the parking lot to the stadium. When they saw us, they all cheered and extended their hands. I looked back at the team, and could see the awe I felt reflected in their faces. I turned back to the crowd, bowed my head and said silently, 'I love you, Izzy.' I followed Coach in a slow jog past the line of fans letting each one slap my helmet.
The news people with their cameras were just inside the gates. Coach and I jogged by and out onto the field for warm ups. I looked up and our side of the stands was empty—it was surreal.
Since it was a playoff game, there were starting line up introductions before the coin toss. Matt nailed the call and we elected to receive the opening kickoff. Coach wanted to put our offense out on the field first. Alex, Matt and Wes were on the kick return team, but I lined up on the sideline with the rest of the offense. Our side of the stands were still filling up as the ball was kicked off.
Alex caught it and headed right up the middle of the field. Matt and Wes came together shoulder-to-shoulder in front of him at our thirty yard line. I'd never seen Matt and especially Wes run so fast. They closed on the opposing team with incredible speed and determination. I think everyone grit their teeth preparing for the impact—I know I did. It was loud like I'd never heard before and I swear bones broke, but Matt and Wes drove a wedge between the defense and led Alex into the end zone.
The crowd erupted in celebration, the band started playing our fight song and when Alex, Matt and Wes came jogging over to our sideline it was painfully obvious Wes had a broken forearm.
"Tape me up! Tape me up!" He kept saying as the trainer tried to get a look at it.
Finally, the paramedics came over to have a look and agreed with the trainer that it was broken. They motioned Wes toward the gate and the ambulance beyond.
"No way! No way! I ain't goin' nowhere."
One of the assistant coaches got Wes' parents down to the fence and they agreed to let Wes stay as long as he could tolerate the pain. The trainer assured them that she would wrap and ice his arm and that he should be okay until after the game. Once Wes' arm was wrapped, he joined us on the sideline.
On the opponents first offensive possession one of their linemen had to be helped off the field. It was a three and out. They punted the ball out of bounds—it looked intentional. We took possession on our own forty-five yard line.
I knew they'd probably spent the week getting ready for me, the passing quarterback, so we lined up in a wide formation. I stepped into the shotgun position and called the signals—I called Matt's number. The defense was spread out to cover the pass so our center and two guards blew a hole through the center of their formation you could have driven a semi through. Matt ran down to their six yard line, carrying their two linebackers the last five yards.
We hurried up to the ball as soon as the referee placed it. I called the same play and Matt walked into the end zone.
Sure, we weren't perfect, but the rest of the game went pretty much like that—we just over powered them. I doubt we were any stronger—we certainly weren't bigger, but we played with an incredible fire inside that just refused to let up. Even when Coach put in the second, and third string players late in the second half, the paramedics had to cart off their starting running back with what looked like a bad knee injury. Finally, Coach had to tell us to ease up although it was obvious he really didn't want us to. It wasn't because he wanted to run up the score—no, he wasn't that kind of coach—he just new everyone—the team—the fans, really needed what we were doing out there.
The final minute was ticking down on the scoreboard when I approached Coach.
"What's up?" he said obviously reading my face.
"No interviews?" I phrased it as a question but didn't really mean it that way.
"You sure? Lot of scouts out there."
"Yeah, we kind of talked about it at halftime—if it's okay with you."
"You got it. Pass the word, after we shake hands with the other team and the trophy presentation, straight for the locker room."
"Thanks Coach."
The celebration after the game was great, even Wes stayed for most of it, but as the adrenalin high began to wear off, you could tell he was really hurting. Finally the trainer coaxed him out of the locker room. Not one word—or complaint—was spoken about not staying out on the field to bask in our victory. Sure, it was a great victory, but no matter how you sliced it, Izzy was still in danger.
Chapter 17
Mom and I drove past the pizza place on the way home—it was packed—but she knew I didn't feel like celebrating.
"How about a nice bowl of beef stew?" Mom said as she hung up her coat.
"That sounds good."
"Oh, I forgot, there were two scouts at tonight's game that were there to watch you. They gave me their cards—when you feel up to it, it might be nice to give them a call."
"Will I ever be up to it?" I slumped down onto one of the kitchen chairs.
"I hope canned is okay."
"Sure, that's fine."
Mom poured two cans of beef stew into a large serving bowl and popped it in the microwave. "You have to have faith that she'll be okay."
"I pray, Mom, all the time. Coach even led us in a prayer before tonight's game—it just doesn't seem like enough."
"I don't know what else we can do."
"Can I confide in you, Mom?"
"Always." She sat down in the chair next to me and patted my arm.
"Not always. Last time you went to the police to ask about the witness protection program."
"I was just trying to help."
"No you weren't. Admit it, you were hoping you could get rid of Izzy."
Mom's eyes filled with tears. "You're right." She wiped her eyes. "But things are different now, I've learned to accept her because she is who you want and I truly believe she wants you just as much."
"Are you just saying that because you know that's what I want to hear?"
"No. After getting to know her parents, their morals and how much they care for you I saw your relationship in a different light. Oh, don't get me wrong, I'm still afraid of her, but it's just because I know one day you two will leave me behind. She's already taken my place in your heart, as she should I suppose."
"You have to swear to me that you will never repeat a word of what I'm about to tell you."
"I don't like to sw—"
"Swear it, Mom."
"Okay, I swear I will keep your secret."
"No wiggle room, Mom."
"I understand. Now, what's going on?"
"The Faulkner's found Izzy."
That's wonderful, they must be—" She stopped mid sentence realizing that there must be more that wasn't so good. "Is she home?"
"No."
"Is she alright?"
"No."
"Jason, you can't tell me something like that and not fill in any of the blanks. What's happened?"
"Last night, after practice, I saw Melanie. She said they knew where she was."
"A ransom note—that's why no police. Is she alright?"
"Physically, I guess, but the guy has been torturing her."
"Oh my Lord!" Mom gasped. "The poor girl."
"You promised, Mom, not a word. The Faulkners know what they're doing."
She looked into my eyes, hers red, flooding tears down her cheeks. "But you're going to help, despite the danger. You forget, I was there, I saw the monstrous, man that took her."
"I know. The Faulkners might not even want me to help—they're protective like that—but I have to—I have to convince them to let me help. The connection Izzy and I have, it might be the only way to get her back. I have to try."
"I know I gave my word, but what kind of mother would I be if I let you risk your life?"
"The kind of mother who loves her kid above all else. The mother that I know and love."
Just then, the bell on the microwave sounded.
"Soups on." I said.
We ate in relative silence with only an occasional observation about the game—more or less a distraction from what we were individually processing.
"How is Wes' arm?" Mom asked.
"Trainer and the paramedics were pretty sure it was broken."
"Oh, that's a shame."
We continued in silence until Mom pushed back from the table and took our bowls to the sink. When she finished washing them, she came back and sat down next to me. "I gave you my word, Jason, and I will stand by it, but what aren't you telling me?"
"Mom, I—"
"No games. When you said you were the only one who could 'get her back', I got the distinct impression you didn't mean from that man. So what did you mean?"
"The Faulkners will figure out how to get her away from him, but she's going to need help—my help—only my help."
"Why? Why only you?"
This was going to take some thought. What could I say without telling her the ultimate secret—I could never do that.
"If you can't even explain it, how can you be so sure?"
"Okay, okay, I'll try to explain. Hayley, a close friend of the Faulkners—she's visiting from the West Coast—is the one who saw Izzy. She only got a glimpse, but—are you sure you want to hear this?"
"Please, I'm sure it's no worse than what I'm imagining."
"You shouldn't be so sure."
"Please go on." she said as she gently grasped the back of my hand.
"Well, like I said, Hayley only got a glimpse, but well, Izzy was covered in blood."
Mom jumped up. "You said she wasn't hurt!"
"Easy, Mom—take it easy." I waited until Mom sat back down before continuing. "Hayley said it was way to much blood to be Izzy's. The best she could tell, the guy had been dousing her with blood. Can you imagine what that would do to a person—to her?"
"That's so sadistic—so cruel. She must be out of her mind."
"Exactly."
"That poor girl, that poor, poor girl." Mom went to the sink and blew her nose. When she came back, there was an intensity in her eyes. "You help her, Jason. Go to the Faulkners, do whatever you have to, just help her—bring her back."
"Don't you think I want to—but it has to be done the right way or—"
"I know, it could hurt her, irrevocably. I can finish up here, why don't you go see if you can talk to her parents?"
"Thanks, but—"
"Now, Jason. Don't let this go on any longer."
I grabbed my coat and headed for the Rover. I hated myself for dumping all that on Mom, but a part of me felt like she needed to know—at least what I could tell her. Sure, it was selfish, but I felt better getting it off my chest. There was something about saying things out loud—it just helped.
I knew the way to the Faulkners—heck I'd been there enough, especially while I was helping rebuild their house—but I unthinkingly drove past their driveway like I was on some kind of autopilot. When I got to the end of Park Hall Road, I hung a right onto Reno Monument Road, crossed the ridge at Lambs Knoll and descended down the Western face of the ridge and into Frederick County. By the time I reached Fox Gap Road, whatever was directing me was gone—vanished. I pulled off on the side of the road just past the intersection. "What was that? What just happened?"
As I did a U-turn, the road signs seemed to jump out at me—Fox Gap—Reno Monument—then it hit me. Last year in History class, Izzy did a report on the Civil War battle at Lambs Knoll. At the time Mrs. Warner called it a creative blend of fact and fiction, but now I don't think there was much fiction in it at all. I pulled out on the narrow road, trying to recall details about Izzy's history report. As I climbed the Eastern face of Lambs Knoll, I could remember her referring to a road as Sunken Road, it was where the Confederates got pinned down and basically massacred. I passed the walls of a monument on the left and turned onto Lambs Knoll—basically a dead end road that hunters and the occasional sightseer used as a parking lot. At the far end, a narrow road followed along the ridge to the antenna towers a couple miles further along the ridge. I pulled in on the left, closest to the monument, behind a cluster of bushes to conceal the Rover. It was late—probably past midnight by now and any cop that cruised by would suspect a poacher or a little back seat action. I grabbed my flashlight, but since the stars were so bright decided not to use it.
I paused at the corner of the wall that surrounded the monument. The entrance faced the road and if a car went by, I would no doubt be visible. Sure enough, as I started forward, a wash of light lit up the trees across the road. As soon as the car passed, I made a dash for the entrance, I didn't see the three steps and took a head first dive into the enclosed monument area. I quickly rolled off to my right to get away from the open entranceway. I got up to a squatting position and leaned back against the cold, interior, stone wall.
In the center of the area was a monolith type monument. At the bottom I could plainly make out the word 'RENO'. Further up the monolith it looked like '9th ARMY CORPS' was engraved in the stone. So, if I remembered right, this must be a Yankee monument and we'd always assumed the historian was a Yankee. I got to my feet, but stayed hunched over so I wouldn't be visible above the wall. As I got closer to the monument, I decided to risk my flashlight. The front and both sides were surrounded by weeds and grass—basically undisturbed, but as I move around to the rear of the monument, the grass had been worn down to dirt. There were two distinct sets of footprints, one huge and the other smaller. "Izzy and the guy from the bar?" I whispered. No, couldn't be. Although one set was huge—likely the guy from Homecoming—the other smaller one had the same wide, shape, like a smaller version of the same set of prints. I stooped down for a closer look.
'What if,' I thought, 'What if both sets of footprints belonged to the same guy?' Maybe what we had here was a vampire version of the Incredible Hulk. It made sense, the historian didn't seem to want to make more vampires, and we'd destroyed his army so maybe—as crazy as it sounded, it just might be possible, and if it was, he wasn't always a giant.
I stood to relieve my back as another car crested the hill. The light from it's headlights washed over the monument as I ducked, but not before I noticed a flash from something metallic in a joint in the monument. When the car was out of sight, I stood and pressed my fingers into the crack. I could feel a metal object, but I couldn't budge it. Anxious to see what it was—and not thinking it through—I jumped the wall and raced back to the Rover for a screwdriver.
I was smart enough to remember to not use the remote—flashing parking lights would not be good—and instead unlocked the door with the key. Still, when the door opened, the dome light shown like a beacon screaming, 'Look this way!' I grabbed the screwdriver out of the glove box quickly and then eased the car door closed as quietly as I could. It was then, I thought I noticed motion in the reflection of the window. I turned, holding the screwdriver up defensively. If it had been the historian, I wouldn't have had that chance, so I called out softly, into the darkness. "Hello, is someone there?"
I gasped—so much for brave—as I detected motion on either side of where I was standing. "I'm armed." I warned.
"With a screwdriver?"
I looked to my left where the sound originated. "Tink—that you?" I looked to the right, "Hayley?"
"What are you doing out here?" Tink said.
"Trying to help."
"We'll get her back." Tink said.
I glanced at Hayley, she didn't look so sure. "You know the guy was here—at the monument?"
"No, how do you—"
"Footprints." Come on, I'll show you. Tink hopped the back wall more or less dragging me over with him. Hayley merely leapt over in stride. I flicked on my flashlight and pointed it toward the footprints in the dirt behind the monument.
"Looks like our guy alright," Tink said. "and he's not alone."
"But what if he is?"
"Is what?" Hayley puzzled.
"Alone—I know, two sets of prints, both different sizes, but what if—"
"You think he changes?" Hayley said.
"Yeah, it's a possibility, right? I mean we know he doesn't seem to want to create anymore of your kind."
"So you think he's figured out some way to increase his strength?" Tink surmised.
"But it's temporary?" Hayley added.
"Possibility, right? And there's more." I stuck my screwdriver into the joint and probed around until I hit the metal object. "Hear that? There's something in here."
"Let me." Tink took the screwdriver and drug it though the crack. As it passed the metal object, there was a clank and then a grinding noise started behind us. We all turned to see a section of the back wall begin to fold away to the side exposing a staircase that led down into the earth. Tink quickly swiped the screwdriver across the metal lever in the opposite direction and the wall returned to it's original, natural, position.
"A secret lab?" I said. I knew from their surprised expressions this was not where Hayley had seen Izzy. "If he changes, then there is a time when he's just a normal vampire—we can take him then."
Tink and Hayley looked at each other, amused. "Sure, just a normal vampire." Tink said."
"We have to find Benjaim and tell him."
"We can tell him." Tink said.
"Don't make me beg, man, I have to help, besides, I have something you don't."
"And what would that be?"
"Blood." Hayley said, sniffing toward me. She glanced up toward the eastern sky. "We don't have a lot of time, you'll have to carry him."
"Not the first time I've had to hitch a ride"—better Tink than Izzy though—talk about a bruised ego. Before I knew what was happening, Tink scooped me up and slung me over his back. We were racing though the forest, along Lambs Knoll in a north-westerly direction. It explained how they'd stumbled across me at the monument. After awhile, we started zigzagging across the ridge.
"You're not going to disorient me." I said to Tink.
He grinned, a kind of 'I could if I wanted to' grin. "Just covering our tracks."
"Then we're close?"
"Ah, we have company." Elizabeth said as we glided to a stop.
I slid down off of Tink's back. "I'm so sorry, this is all my fault." I said.
"Nonsense." Benjamin said as he appeared next to Elizabeth.
"Yes it is." I insisted. "I exposed her—put her out in the open—made her vulnerable."
"I disagree." Tink said. "Our adversary merely took advantage of an opportunity."
"No," Benjamin said stroking his chin, "there was no opportunity—not in a crowed building. No, his was an act of desperation."
We all nodded in agreement.
"Maybe changing back and forth weakens him," I said, "both physically and mentally."
"Changing back and forth?" Elizabeth questioned.
"There is evidence back at the monument near Sunken Road to support his theory." Tink said.
"The Reno monument?" Benjamin asked.
"Yes, and also a hidden room of some kind. We left it undisturbed."
"So close." Benjamin continued to stroke his chin, deep in thought.
"Since we destroyed his army," I said, "I think he's been experimenting on himself, trying to make a super vampire, capable of destroying all of you."
"Logical, he is usually very rational in his actions, solely focused on his objective." Benjamin grimaced. "Except of course Izzy's abduction."
"What? What is it?"
He grimaced again and this time I noticed Elizabeth do the same.
"It's Izzy? Is she close?" I scanned the surroundings and in the faint pre dawn light realized where we were. "He has her at the quarry?"
No one answered.
"Fine, I'll look for myself." I squeezed past Tink and headed in the direction that I thought led toward the quarry.
"Wait." Elizabeth said.
I turned back. She was shaking her head.
"Your scent would only add to her agony."
"And alert the enemy to our presence." Hayley added.
I slumped forward, catching myself on the trunk of a half, fallen tree. "I know my scent will intensify her thirst, but I also know she can see beyond that primal craving and recognize that I'm here—here for her and that everything is going to be alright—we are going to be alright."
Elizabeth looked up at Benjamin as his arm tightened around her. "Very well, but you must prepare yourself—you've never seen her like this—we've never seen her quite so distraught." Elizabeth reached out and gently brushed my arm. "Be strong for her."
"I will—whatever she needs."
Tink swept me up onto his back again. "Same as last time?" He said to the others.
"Yes, we'll approach from all across the rim, giving him no specific target." Benjamin said. 
Without further discussion, we raced off into the woods on various tangents. It wasn't long before Tink slowed. He eased forward maybe another fifty feet more before I slid off his hunched over back to the ground. He held his finger across his lips. I could barely make out his whisper, "Not a sound." He pointed slightly to our right.
I nodded and then slowly, as quietly as I could manage, crawled forward. Even though I was pushing the leaves aside, every once in awhile a twig would snap. I cringed each time. For a human, I was quite stealthy, controlled, but I knew it wouldn't last, not when I saw her.
Cathy's image had given me an idea of what to expect, but when I reached the rim—maybe because it was real, right in front of me—the scene was so much worse than I anticipated. Across the dark abyss, halfway up the stone face, there was a shallow cave cut into the granite. It was only about five feet deep, but branched off deeper to the left. An odd, faint, greenish-yellow glow pulsed from the depths. The entrance was partially blocked by a stone slab that obscured most of the main entrance to the cave. On the left side of the slab, there appeared to be a silhouette of a small loop near the top and bottom side. I rubbed my eyes and blinked several times and then stared deeper into the dark shadows.
"Ahhh!" I gasped when I saw Izzy. It felt like someone had pierced my heart with a dagger. My emotions were a blur of guilt, sadness and anger all erupting at once. I feared I might lose it at any second.
Izzy was chained down on the face of the stone slab, facing out into the quarry. Her wrists and ankles were shackled and the massive chains were also wrapped around her arms, legs and torso. Her body was covered in the torn, remnants of her ball gown from the dance. The lower portion was stained and shredded up to her thighs. She had fought hard. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, my heart sank—the stains were blood like in Cathy's vision. Slumped forward over her stained chest was a rats nest of blood caked, matted hair that obscured her face.
The sky began to brighten, in the pre dawn hour, confirming my conclusion the stains were blood. Izzy's head moved slightly, and she began to slowly look up. Her eyes opened and my hands clenched the dirt beneath them—Izzy's eyes were crimson—he'd changed her.
The sickness, that churned in my stomach at what I was seeing, suddenly boiled over in anger. I pressed up on all fours.
Izzy's gaze instantly found me. Her chest heaved upward against the chains as she drew in a deep breath. She let out a shrill, shriek that echoed through the quarry, and she began to yank violently against the chains, screaming hysterically. I cowered back from the edge, out of view.
"It's okay." Tink said.
It was anything but okay. I was a cowardly, weak, spineless human that let this happen. I used a small tree to pull myself up to my feet.
"Jason." Tink warned.
I looked down at him, mustering all my courage. I'm not sure what he registered in my expression, but he let me take a step toward the rim of the quarry.
"Ha, ha, ha, ha," a cackle came from behind Izzy. "Come and get her, fools!"
When I looked back, Tink shook his head, but again he let me step out into plain view.
The man from the bar, the one the Faulkner's called the historian stepped out from behind Izzy. He spotted me immediately. "Human, I can kill you where you stand! You think you can change her from what she is? Look at her." He held out a ladle and then doused Izzy's face with blood. She went wild, yanking, kicking and screaming.
"You're dead!" I yelled. "You're a dead man!" At the sound of my voice, Izzy's body went limp.
Tink suddenly yanked me to the ground, nearly dislocating my hip, but just an instant before a rock the size of my head splintered the tree behind where I'd been standing. "We need to withdraw." Tink started to back away, dragging me with him.
"I'll be back for you Izzy!" I yelled. "I'll be back!"
Chapter 18
"No, Jason," Benjamin said grabbing my free shoulder—Tink held the other one. "We must act rationally, not out of anger."
"That's what he wants." Elizabeth added.
I relaxed and both Tink and Benjamin released me. I flopped back onto the kitchen chair. We were back at the Faulkner home now. I slowly scanned their faces—each reflected the same anger—the same horror I felt, but they controlled it.
"Jason," Melanie said. "you look exhausted.
I slumped forward, catching my head in my hands, elbows on the table. "Yeah." A sudden flood of emotion drained what little strength I still had. I guess I'd been running on adrenalin. "I'm sorry, I can't seem to keep my eyes open."
"You're only human." Melanie said.
I looked up into her face. "I have to help her."
"Not like this. She needs you to be strong."
"But you saw her, I can't leave her like that—I can't."
"What you did," Tink said, "it helped."
I shook my head remembering her frantic screams.
"Tink's correct," Elizabeth added, "you saw how she reacted to your voice."
"Sure, her wild, desperate screams?" I looked around the room at each of them. "What do you mean?"
Elizabeth rested a hand on my right shoulder. "Her thirst for human blood is over powering, but despite that, when she heard your voice it calmed her. You got through to her."
"You really think so?"
Elizabeth looked to the others and they all nodded in agreement.
"Come with me." Melanie said. "You need to rest."
I stood. "You all won't leave?"
"No, we will be here when you awake." Elizabeth said. "Go, get some sleep."
I followed Melanie up the stairs, but turned away from her when she started toward the guest room. I went straight to Izzy's bed, flopped down and pulled her quilt up over me. I glanced back. Melanie was standing in the doorway.
"It's not proper." she said.
"I need to be with her any way I can right now."
She smiled—a sad smile. "If it will help, then yes, sleep here."
"Is it alright if I call my mom? I don't want her to worry."
"How thoughtful. Sleep well."
"I doubt that's possible." I replied.
Melanie nodded before disappearing down the hall.
I pulled out my cell phone and started to press the call button, but hesitated. What was I going to tell Mom? What could I tell her? What would she ask? I decided to take the easy way out and send her a text message.
'Mom, I'm fine. I'm with the Faulkners. We're working on a plan to rescue Izzy. I'm exhausted, I have to sleep. I'll call you, I promise.'
I hit the send button.
I looked around the room at Izzy's meager possessions. Were we working on a plan? I had nothing, but there had to be something we could do. My phone buzzed. I opened the text from Mom.
'Be safe. I'm praying for all of you, especially Izzy. I love you.'
I pressed the clear button.
* * *
Slowly, I became aware of a faint pulsing that illuminated my eyelids. I finally opened my eyes to the red strobe light from the tower at the top of Lambs Knoll. That light—that crimson light, that now reminded me of Izzy's blood stained clothes, and her eyes—eyes that now said she would do anything for my blood. The same eyes I'd seen in my father—eyes that Izzy said could not be changed. Were we over? Was there no hope? The drapes glowed red with another pulse of light.
"That's it!" I sat up and before I could get out of bed, the Faulkners, including Hayley, followed Benjamin into Izzy's room where I'd been sleeping. "I have an idea—I'm not sure you're going to like it, but if you'll hear me out, I think you will agree it's our best shot."
"Please continue." Benjamin said as they pressed closer.
"See that?" I said as the drapes turned crimson with another pulse of light. "That's the answer."
"I don't get it?" Hayley said. The others nodded.
I held out my arm. "The red blood that pulses though my veins is the answer and the problem."
They exchanged glances, still obviously confused.
"First, Izzy is crazed by my blood and it's doubtful she will be able to control her thirst if freed, but what if she didn't have to? Second, what happens if one of you takes the blood out of me—changes me? I'll tell you, I'll be as strong or stronger than the historian and with me as one of you, we can put an end to this and save Izzy."
They eased back to a more erect posture as if considering.
"You'd do that?" Hayley said.
"In a heart beat."
"Your last." Hayley restated the obvious.
"What about your mother?" Melanie said. "Have you forgotten about her?"
"What you all have forgotten," Benjamin said, "is our vow to Izzy to never change Jason."
"She made you do that? When?" I asked.
"Benjamin is correct." Elizabeth said, wrapping her arm around his waist. "Hayley, I know you weren't with us then, but very early on in her relationship with Jason she made us promise to never change him."
"But what other choice do we have?" I said. I won't leave her like that."
Hayley eased forward. "There is another choice—Jason's blood."
Once again the expressions showed confusion as I'm sure mine did.
"Do you have a medical kit—from the war or something?" Hayley said.
"I believe I do." Benjamin said.
"If we draw several bottles of Jason's blood, we can use them to distract our adversary—he won't be able to resist. If we make this happen when he's normal size, we should be able to defeat him."
"Thoughts?" Benjamin asked the group.
"What about Izzy?" I objected. "If you go launching blood bombs into the cave it could drive her mad."
Benjamin stoked the whiskers on his chin and glanced toward Tink and Nathan. "Perhaps we could sedate her."
"Sedate her?" I questioned. "Isn't that impossible?"
Tink looked to Benjamin for approval before he answered. "We have been to the laboratory you discovered and destroyed it, but not before removing a few items."
"Items? Like what?" I questioned.
"There were several vials of liquid one of which seems to be a sedative."
"To your kind." I doubted.
"Yes, we tested it." Benjamin said.
Melanie waived her hand slightly.
"You let them inject something that guy made into your body? How is that even possible, you're like granite."
Elizabeth frowned. "Only to your kind."
"I didn't know that." I turned to Benjamin. "So if you can inject Izzy with the sedative, maybe you can do the same thing to the historian."
"Perhaps, but I doubt we have a sufficient volume to have much affect on him."
"Still, anything would help, right?" I said.
"Yes." Benjamin agreed.
"How dangerous is this?" I asked.
No one answered.
"Not to me—I don't care about that—how dangerous is the plan to all of you?"
Still no answer.
"I can't let you risk yourselves like that, it's easier if we do this my way."
"Not an option—"
"It is more than just our word." Elizabeth said, cutting Benjamin off uncharacteristically. "You are not the only one who loves her."
"You're sure about this?"
They all nodded.
"Okay, lets do it." I started to roll up my sleeve and in the blink of an eye, Elizabeth left and then returned with a Civil War vintage medical bag. Unfortunately, the rubber was too dry rotted to be useful.
"We can't cut him." Elizabeth said.
"Not with me around," Hayley said, "that's for sure."
"Tell you what," I said, pulling my arm back from Elizabeth. "I can look up the procedure on the Internet and do this at home—no need to put you all through anymore stress than necessary."
"Can you get the supplies you need?" Elizabeth asked as she stood.
"I know they have some similar stuff like that in the trainer's office at school. They use it to add fluid if a player gets dehydrated, but I figure it's the same principal either in or out."
"Yes." Elizabeth said. "But you must be very careful not to get any air into your blood stream it would be fatal."
"That would be bad." I tried to make light of it. "How many bags?"
"Bags?"
"Yeah, they use plastic bags now." I pointed to the bottle in the medical kit. "They hold the same amount I think—a pint."
Elizabeth looked to Benjamin for an answer.
"Four or five I should think." Benjamin said.
"That much?" Elizabeth said. "Very well." She turned her attention back to me. "You cannot do this all at once. If you eat well and drink plenty of fluid you should be able to fill two bottles—bags per day, one in the morning and one at night. Mind you, this will make you very weak."
"Okay." I said. "Tomorrow is Monday so I should have what we need by Wednesday after school, assuming I can get the medical stuff out of the trainer's office."
"I can get it tonight if you tell me where to look." Tink said.
"Perfect. I'll draw you a picture." I looked around at all the concerned faces. "I'll be okay, I can do this. Tink, if you bring the stuff over to my house I'll draw the first bag tonight. That would move things up to Tuesday night. The sooner, the better."
Elizabeth patted my arm. "Be careful, be very careful if you were to slip into unconsciousness while doing this, you could quite literally bleed to death. And Jason, I'm afraid you will have to refrain from any strenuous physical exertion, and for a few days afterwards."
"I kind of figured that."
"I'm sorry, I know you have your football practices after school."
"Football, Izzy, a no brainer."
Elizabeth shrugged, puzzled.
"It means he would do anything for her." Hayley said.
* * *
I knew Mom had been going out of her way to trust me, but I was still surprised she didn't ask any questions when I got home. It was becoming increasingly clear that Mom had decided to be in the 'there are things I don't want to know' camp. It had to be hard on her.
"You certainly are thirsty." Mom said as I poured my fourth glass of milk at dinner.
"I'll stop and get another gallon on the way home from school."
"You mean practice?"
"Yeah, right, practice. It's going to be alright Mom—Izzy's going to be alright. The Faulkner's and I have got this—trust me."
"I'm doing my best—I still think we should call the police—"
"Mom."
"I know, I swore. I'm just afraid for you—for Izzy—for all of you."
"Thanks, Mom. Listen, if it's okay with you I'm going to hit the hay early—big day tomorrow."
"That's fine, I can clean up down here." She turned toward the sink, but then turned back to me. "Please be careful, Jason."
"We will, I promise you. And just so you know, the Faulkner's are even more protective of me than you are."
"Yet they're letting you help."
"There's no other choice, Mom. Well, goodnight." I grabbed my laptop and headed up the steps.
It didn't take me long to find the procedure for drawing blood, and Elizabeth wasn't kidding about avoiding getting air into your bloodstream. It was only maybe an hour after dark when a pebble hit my window. I went to the window and then opened it.
"That you Tink?"
Tink stepped out from the edge of the woods. "Catch." He tossed me a bag.
"Thanks. I already found the procedure. See you Tuesday night."
Tink ducked back into the woods. The rest was up to me.
After some of the things I'd been through poking a needle into the vein in the crease of my arm wasn't that big a deal. I'd thought about doing it in the back of my hand like they'd done when I was in the hospital, but I decided someone in school might see the needle mark, so I opted for the crease of my left arm. After what I'd read on the Internet and Elizabeth's warning about avoiding air bubbles I put the needle in with the saline solution still in the bag. Once I had the needle in—on the third try mind you—not bad for a rookie, I closed the tube with the little clip, unplugged the bag, squeezed the saline out, reattached the bag and then let my blood flow. I squeezed a tennis ball to speed up the process. The last thing I needed was Mom walking in on me, although she had always respected my privacy, especially since I became a teenager.
"Now what?" I bent my elbow to hold the small piece of cotton against where I'd pulled out the needle. You had to keep blood refrigerated or it went bad. I wasn't sure if that was true for a vampire's taste, but I wasn't going to take any chances.
"Hey Mom," I said as I raced down the steps and grabbed my lunch cooler from the end of the counter. I stopped at the frig and emptied two ice trays into it. I caught Mom's stare as I turned to go back upstairs with the cooler. "Don't ask?"
She nodded somewhat apprehensively. "Sleep well."
"Thanks Mom."
Chapter 19
I woke up early Monday morning so I could draw another pint—no problems, same as the first except I found the vein on the second try. I got downstairs before Mom, so I had no trouble refreshing the ice. This time, I put the ice in a zippered sandwich bag and put the two pints of blood in a brown paper lunch bag.
"Good morning." Mom said, walking up behind me as I closed the cooler. "Taking your lunch in the cooler today?"
"Yeah, something like that."
"You feeling alright? You're awfully pale—you're not coming down with something are you?"
"No, I'm fine, Mom, honest." I looked up at the clock. "You think there's time for scrambled eggs?"
Mom grabbed the skillet. "Your usual?"
"No, I think I'd like four today."
"Four?" She flipped the gas burner on.
"Gotta bulk up for the big game. I'm sure practice is going to be pretty intense for the next two weeks." I gave Mom the egg carton from the frig, grabbed the milk carton and headed for the table. Suddenly the room began to spin and I stumbled into the table, catching myself before I fell.
Mom was by my side, supporting me in a human instant. "Are you sure you're not getting sick? Maybe I should make a doctor's appointment for you."
"I'm fine, Mom." I sat down and poured a glass of milk with a not too steady hand. "The eggs?"
"Oh, alright, but you take care of yourself." She hurried back to the stove and in a few minutes brought me the eggs with a slice of buttered toast.
"Thanks Mom." I dug in. The food never tasted so good. I guess giving blood made you hungry.
"Any word on Izzy?" Mom ventured.
"You know I'm not going to let anything happen to her, Mom."
"I know, it's just sometimes things are beyond ones control."
"Faith, Mom, you know, like you're always telling me. The Faulkners and I have got this."
She leaned over and kissed the top of my head. "I hope so. Have a good day at school and try not to get too far behind in your studies."
* * *
The school day went pretty normal. There wasn't much talk about the state championship since it was still two weeks away. I did get more homework than usual and an art project from the substitute in Mrs. Snyder's class, but the good news was that Mrs. Snyder would be back in class a few days a week starting next week.
I got to the locker room after school early. "Hey, Coach."
"Jason, how are you? Ready for some real practice?"
"Sure. I was wondering if I could keep something in your frig for a few days?"
"Medicine need refrigeration?"
"Medicine?"
"Your mom called, said she thought you were feeling a little under the weather, I figured—"
"Jeeze I wish she wouldn't do that."
"She's just lookin' after you son. Go ahead, the frig is yours. You let me know if you're not up to practice."
"I'm fine, Coach, nothing to worry about."
He looked surprised at the size of the bag I pulled out of my cooler, but tossed me a marker. "Why don't you put your name on it so none of the coaches mistake it for their lunch."
"Right." I scribbled my name on the bag and put it on the back, bottom shelf of the small refrigerator. "Thanks, Coach. See you out on the field."
Practice was alright, but I did notice I tired quickly. My legs even got a little rubbery when we did laps at the end. I don't think anyone else noticed though.
After dinner, I went straight upstairs and drew another pint of blood. Even with all the extra fluid I'd taken in it was much harder to find the vein—six or seven attempts and the blood drained much slower. I figured the blood would keep until Mom went to bed, so I put it on the roof just outside my window to keep it cool and worked on my homework.
"Jason?"
I looked up from my desk as Mom slowly pushed open my bedroom door.
"I knocked, but you didn't answer. Are you alright?"
I staggered to my feet. "Sorry, I must have fallen asleep. Practice was pretty tough today—just tired I guess. I need to finish up this homework."
"Alright. Goodnight." Mom stepped back into the hall and closed the door.
I couldn't find my vein in the morning so I switched arms. It was still difficult and using my left hand didn't make it any easier, but I finally got the needle in—it took forever to fill the bag and after I finished, I couldn't stand without the room spinning. Finally the inevitable happened, their was a light tap on my door.
"Jason, are you awake?"
I quickly shoved all the medical, paraphernalia under my bed. "Yeah, I'm awake."
The door slowly opened and Mom's head appeared cautiously in the opening. "Jason, you look terrible—you're so pale."
"Thanks." I tried to joke.
"I'm serious."
"I know, I think I ate something bad from the cafeteria, I feel like crap."
"I think I should take you to the doctor."
"No, Mom, I'm sure it's just something I ate, I'll be fine, but I don't think I can do school today. Will you call in for me and make sure they let Coach know."
"Sure. Do you need anything?"
"A pitcher of water would be nice. Maybe some ice cubes too if you don't mind?"
Mom left and I must have either fallen asleep or passed out because when I opened my eyes, there was a pitcher of water and a bowl of half melted ice cubes on my nightstand.
I sat up—still light headed—and drank two full glasses. I sat for a few minutes and forced myself to drink one more. It was then I remembered the bag of blood under my bed. "Mom, you home?"
Mom opened my door a few minutes later. "Are you feeling any better?"
"A little. I was wondering if I could have some more water or maybe orange juice and some more ice to chew on—you know you used to say that helped settle your stomach."
"If your stomach's not feeling so well I'm not sure the OJ is such a good idea. How about some apple juice instead?"
"Okay, sure, apple juice would be fine—or even better, maybe one of my energy drinks."
"An energy drink it is then." She quickly went downstairs, returning a short time later with the energy drink, water and ice.
Once she left, I used a plastic trash bag to make a makeshift cooler. I put the pint of blood in the trash bag, dumped in all the ice, tied the bag closed and then wrapped it with two sweatshirts for insulation. Hopefully that would do. I was exhausted after doing just that, so I lay back down and fell asleep.
When I woke up, it was dark. There were voices downstairs for a few minutes, and then the back door closed. A minute or so later a car started and then backed out of the driveway. I sat up and while I wouldn't say I felt good, I didn't feel—drained.
"Jason?"
"You can come in, Mom."
The door opened and Mom flicked on my light. "I brought you something to eat." She carried in a tray table with a steaming bowl of chicken noodle soup, some crackers and an energy drink.
"Thanks, Mom, I really appreciate you looking after me like this."
"Don't be silly, it's what mothers do. How are you feeling?"
"Better. Did we have company? I thought I heard you talking to someone downstairs."
"Coach Singleton stopped by to check on you."
"What'd you tell him?"
"The truth, that you thought you'd eaten something bad at the cafeteria." The corners of her eyes tightened when she said 'truth', but I kind off knew she suspected I lied, and consciously made the choice to accept my explanation.
"Nothing like a little chicken noodle soup to get a guy back on his feet, right? Thanks, Mom."
She stayed with me while I ate. We made small talk about irrelevant things like church, Christmas break, even summer vacation. When I was finished, we went downstairs and watched a little television. After an hour, I started to feel drained again.
"I think I'm going to head up to bed, I want to give school a shot tomorrow." I said as I pressed myself up from the sofa.
"You still look a little wobbly."
"I gotta give it a shot, Mom." I walked slowly—too slowly—over to the stairs.
"Jason?"
I looked back at Mom, fighting to keep my balance in the spinning room, and focused on her.
"Okay," she said, "but you can't blame me for worrying."
"Blame you? You're not serious. I adore you, you're the best mom in the whole world. I know how hard this must be for you, yet you're here, just giving me your support—trusting me."
A tear trickled down her cheek. "I love you. Goodnight."
It was a real struggle to find a vein, I even tried the back of my left hand, but no go. From what I read on the Internet, I was dehydrated—which made total sense, but I still needed at least one more pint. I finally had to give up, it just wasn't going to happen tonight—maybe in the morning. I drank the rest of the pitcher of water and waited for Mom to go to bed.
Once I was sure she was asleep, I headed downstairs for another energy drink, my cooler and some more ice. I lined the cooler with a towel to keep the ice from making any noise when I poured it in. The energy drink helped, so I sat down at the table and started on another one. Sometime later, I was awaken by a slight tapping at the kitchen window.
"Tink?" I whispered. I tiptoed to the back door and let him in. "What are you doing here?"
"I'm here for the blood—you don't look so good."
"Thanks. I'm sorry, but I couldn't get the last one tonight, I'm going to get it in the morning. I have two upstairs, but the other two are at school."
"At school?"
"Coach let me use his frig."
"He doesn't know?"
"No! No way."
"You want me to get it tonight?" Tink asked.
"No, no need for you all to put yourselves through that. I'll get it tomorrow after school and meet you at your place with all five pints."
Tink nodded.
"You finalize a plan of action yet?"
"Not yet." Tink picked up on my disappointment. "Don't worry, we will come up with something."
"I know you will." I reached out to pat him on the shoulder for support—next thing I know, Tink is laying me down on my bed. "What happened?"
"You passed out."
"Sorry about that. I need to set the alarm—you wouldn't know how to—"
Tink glanced at the digital clock and shook his head.
"That's okay, I can manage." I rolled over and set my alarm for four-thirty in the morning just in case I needed extra time. I had to be able to draw the blood this time. "Tink, could you get the cooler from downstairs?"
By the time I drug out my makeshift cooler from under the bed, Tink was back with the cooler. I carefully unwrapped the sweatshirts and retrieved the bag of blood. Tink opened the cooler and I set the bag on the ice. Tink took my sweatshirts and the bag of water to the window. He tossed the water and wrung out the sweatshirts. The cold air shot through me like a knife. I shivered.
"You sure you're okay?" Tink said.
"I'll see you tomorrow afternoon."
Tink nodded and stepped out onto the roof, pressed the window closed and then jumped.
I dropped my head back onto my pillow. I hate that I'd delayed Izzy's rescue, but we had to get this right, I doubted that there would be a second chance.
* * *
The alarm sounded in the dark room. I slapped the silence button as quick as I could. I made a quite trip to the bathroom, drank two glasses of water and ran hot water over my wrists—there was one more place to try to get a vein. Once back in my room, I got out the medical stuff from under my bed. I was lucky this time and hit the vein on the back of my wrist on the second try. While I was lucky to hit it, the blood drained very slowly—too slowly. While I waited, I drank my last energy drink. I had to lay down, sip it and concentrate on staying conscious. I could literally feel the energy draining from my body. This was what Elizabeth had warned me about. I kept having to shake my head to remain conscious and when the bag was only three-quarters full I had to stop. I wasn't worried about what might happen to me, but if I messed this up and didn't get the blood to the Faulkners, Izzy wouldn't be rescued and she had to be rescued.
Once I was finished, I got dressed and went back to the bathroom to brush my teeth. One look in the mirror confirmed I'd never get past Mom, so I snuck downstairs. It was tough going, I just couldn't control the spinning. Before I headed for the Rover, I wrote Mom a note.
'I will probably be late this afternoon, but don't worry even though I know you will. We'll be safe, I promise. 
Luv, Jason'
I made it to the Rover, but once behind the wheel driving looked impossible. There was no other choice, so I shook off as much of the delirium as I could and started the engine. The light in Mom's room came on before I got the Rover in gear, but I managed to navigate the driveway and head toward school. I hated leaving Mom like that, but she knew how important this was—she wouldn't have given me so much rope if she didn't trust me. I was definitely lucky in the parent department.
On the way to school, I ran off the road at least twice and I'm pretty sure I ran a red light. I finally pulled to a stop in my usual parking spot, bouncing the front tires off the curb. I glanced down at the dash clock—it was early. The best plan of action seemed to be to go to Coach's office and get the other two pints of blood, refresh the ice in my cooler and bring it all back out to the Rover for safe keeping. I trusted Coach, I knew he wouldn't snoop, but there was no point in taking any more chances than necessary. Now, if I could just make it into the school.
I'm sure if anyone was watching I looked like a drunk, staggering across the parking lot, but I finally made it to the gym door and pressed the bar. It was locked.
"Crap, now what?" I looked toward the main entrance. It risked being seen and questions, but there wasn't any other choice. I started toward the doors using the wall to steady myself.
I'd only taken a few steps when the gym door suddenly opened behind me. I looked back.
"You need to get in?" A janitor asked, sizing me up and apparently deciding I was a student.
"You mind, I left part of my homework in the locker room."
"Hey, aren't you the quarterback? Jason—Jason Whitaker."
"That's me." I took a step back toward him.
"Not really supposed to let anyone in—" He looked around the parking lot and then inside the school. "Aw, won't hurt nothin', come on, I'll unlock the locker room."
"Thanks, I really appreciate it." I did my best to walk normally as I followed him inside.
He unlocked the locker room and reached in to turn on the lights. Across the room, I could see the door to Coach's office was slightly open.
"Thanks, I owe you." I started into the room.
"Really, like maybe a signed jersey or something? See, my nephew's in a bad way—broke his leg, and well he's a big fan."
"Sure, follow me."
"You serious?"
He followed me down to my locker and I got out one of my clean jerseys and then we went up to Coach's office for a marker.
I spread the jersey out on the table in front of the frig. "What your nephew's name?"
"Jimmie."
I scribbled, 'Get well soon, Jimmie' and then signed my name below it. "Here you go. I hope he feels better."
"Thanks, and good luck next week." He hesitated like he was waiting for me to leave first.
"Mind if I run down and get the energy drink out of my cooler? Coach lets me keep it in his frig."
"Yeah, sure, just make sure you lock the door when you're finished. I'm surprised it was open. Guess he must have forgot—lucky for you and Jimmie, right?"
"It must have been meant to be." I said. "Well, thanks again."
"No, thank you. Jimmie's not going to believe this." 
With that, we left the office and the door opened.
I had to sit for a few minutes when I got back to my locker—felt light headed again, but I finally made my way with the cooler back to the coach's office. I opened the frig, took out the brown bag with my name on it and pulled out one of the bags of blood and set it in the cooler with the other three. I reached in the bag and pulled out the last pint of blood—
"Jason?"
"Coach." I probably should have sounded shocked, but I'd been playing the odds for a long time. I lowered the bag of blood into the cooler and closed the lid. There was no point rushing, he'd clearly seen what I was holding. I drew in a deep breath and looked over at him. His face registered, confusion, concern, but in typical Coach style, not condemnation.
"You're as white as a ghost, son." He walked over to me and motioned toward the chair next to his desk.
I reached for my cooler.
"It's not going anywhere. Have a seat before you keel over."
I closed the frig and stumbled over to the chair next to his desk. Coach sat down in his chair and rocked forward.
"Coach, this isn't what it looks—"
"Let me see your hands."
My gaze sank to the floor as I stuck out my hands—palms up. Coach took my left hand and gently rolled it over. He was smart, worldly and he knew I was right handed.
"Pull up your left sleeve." he ordered.
I slowly began to slide my sleeve up my arm. There had to be something I could say, something I could do, the crease of my arm was a bruised mess. Could I run? Not even close, I could barely walk. I didn't look up when my clumsy efforts at drawing blood were exposed.
"The right one too." Coach said.
I started to pull up my sleeve.
"Just tell me, son."
I couldn't speak, but I looked up at him and nodded. It couldn't end this way, it just couldn't. I didn't care about the game—oh sure I'd let everyone down, Coach, my team, the school, but not the one person who mattered the most, Izzy. I had to finish this.
Coach got up and closed the door and then returned to his chair. Once seated, he leaned back and folded his arms across his chest. "If I didn't know better I'd say you were planning on blood doping—fortunately, I know better." He let that hang there to see what I would do.
I was still mostly, looking down at his desk, but I knew I had to man up. Coach was one of the good guys, there was nothing else to do. I looked up to face him. "Coach, ever get in one of those situations where you just can't win? No matter what you do, it isn't right."
Coach suppressed a smile, probably remembering last year's conversation.
"This isn't one of those times, Coach. I know exactly what's right—what has to be done. That doesn't mean it's easy, or that it will sit well with everyone, but its the right thing—the only thing to do. Last year you told me, 'sometimes things just don't line up'. It's like that."
Coach nodded, but didn't say anything.
"You told me, 'a man had to go with his gut, focus on what was in front of him,' remember?"
"I remember."
"I know there's consequences, heck, I might have ruined your last chance at State's—I feel real bad about that, but there are lives at stake, lives that are depending on me to come through."
"This is about Izzy then?"
I nodded.
Coach held up his hands to keep me from saying anymore. "Your Mother know about this?"
"Not the details, but she knows."
"She'd confirm that if I checked?"
I nodded. "I wish you wouldn't though, she's dealing the best she can, but it's been tough on her."
"I imagine so." He glanced back at the cooler. "I don't think I want to know the details either, but nothing illegal, or dangerous?"
"No Coach, nothing illegal and as for dangerous, well, I'm working with her parents to help bring her home."
He leaned forward across his desk. "Is she okay?"
"She's safe for the time being. I know you don't want any details and I appreciate that, but this should be over in a day or so—Izzy home and me back to practice."
Coach pushed back, startling me and then stood. He walked over and put my cooler in the frig. "Put your head down, I'll be back in a few minutes. Don't go anywhere, got it?"
"Got it, Coach. And Coach, I'm sorry I didn't mean to disappoint you, or let the team down."
He looked surprised. "You did neither. This whole season has been about honoring her spirit—the spirit to step up and do what's right—to help someone besides yourself." He stepped out of the office, closing the door behind him.
It seemed like I'd no sooner put my head down than Coach shook my shoulder.
"Come with me."
Coach walked beside me all the way down to the trainer's room. Melanie, the trainer was waiting.
"Take care of him, Mel. I really appreciate your discretion." He glanced down at me. "Who do you have for first period?"
"Ms. Berkshire."
"Thanks again, Mel. Let me know how he does." Coach left the training room, closing the door behind him.
Chapter 20 Izzy
It had been days since my abduction. My memory was foggy, but I could still see Jason's face that night at the dance—his shocked, helpless expression when he realized what was happening. Even that memory was difficult to hang onto, but I fought the thirst for human blood with all my strength. I had to hold onto that part of myself even though I thirsted for his blood so desperately. Since my initial transformation to a vampire, I'd never craved human blood like this. I tugged pointlessly at my chains. I was so weak.
"Thirsty?" My captor's gravel voice asked from behind me.
I rolled my head toward the right. He was his normal size now, not the monster that had abducted me. He changed, although I wasn't sure how, or how often. I'd tried to keep track, but I was merely bait in his trap and he only checked the trap now and then to make sure his bait still held some value. I lunged against my restraints when he appeared next to me. It was a meager effort, but all the energy I had.
"Oh, poor creature," he mocked. "Well, I guess you can have a little, I don't want you to expire on me. A trap needs lively bait to be effective."
He held a ladle to my lips and I sucked down the human blood. It was like liquid ice as it flowed down my burning throat. Even just the one ladle of blood caused a surge of energy through my body—tingling in my toes and fingers.
"More." I pleaded.
He held another full ladle up to my face, but out of reach, to taunt me.
Early on in my captivity, he had forced human blood in me. I fought it—fought hard, but it was in our nature, and I could only fight it for so long. Once he realized I wanted it, he drastically cutback how much he was giving me. I think he was partly afraid I might gain the strength of a newborn—he was being cautious, but his caution turned to sadistic taunting. He would feed in front of me, place bowls of human blood just out of my reach and the worst, splash it on me without giving me any.
The ladle touched my lips and I sucked down the human blood. As the cool sensation faded and the burn returned, I detected a slight aftertaste. It wasn't the first time. He was lacing the blood with something—it probably explained why I couldn't free myself. I was young to this existence and most of that time I'd spent trying to end it, and the rest—Jason's beautiful face filled my memory. The point was, I didn't know much and this was out of my realm of knowledge.
"Perhaps your friends will return tonight." he said. "You gave them quite a show last time."
"They're going to destroy you."
He laughed. "That's rich." He laughed again, but the corners of his eyes tightened.
"Jason will destroy you."
"The human! Oh now that's funny. All I have to do is release you and you would kill him yourself."
"But you won't. You're not as sure as you pretend."
"It sickens me. You sicken me, the way you two carry on like there is no difference between the two of you. Besides, the human is inconsequential, it's the others I want."
"Because you're responsible for their existence."
He grit his teeth, his arms trembling. "I will vanquish the evil I have wrought! I will finish this!"
"But you didn't transform the women, why destroy them—and me, the Faulkners had nothing to do with my transformation."
"Why do you think I haven't destroyed you yet?" He bent down, reappearing with another ladle of blood, but this time he threw it in my face.
The monster inside me went wild, contorting my body trying to get every drop of blood within reach of my tongue.
"When I'm finished with the others, I'm going to enjoy tormenting you until you turn to stone."
"Not the saint you pretend to be!" I screamed.
He bent down again and this time came up with the entire bucket of blood. He poured some on my chest. Waited, then poured more on my forehead. Waited again, and then splashed the rest over me. My monster took control.
It was dark when I was able to regain some semblance of myself. My captor was gone again.
"Jason." I moaned, crying out for help, but his name brought back the fire in my throat. I tugged at the chains. I loved him so much. I hated what this must be doing to him, but I was more dangerous to him now than I had ever been, and it seemed impossible not to feed on him then. What now? I wouldn't hesitate. The light breeze calmed and I was enveloped in the smell of human blood—stale as it might be. I closed my eyes and fought with all I had left to not lose myself to the monster.
"Benjamin, Elizabeth, Tink, Melanie, Nathan," I mumbled. They had consumed human blood before and made the choice not to. It was possible. I had to hang on to that thought—that hope.
In the distance, above the rim of the quarry I heard a sound. It was faint, but not in keeping with the rhythm of the natural surroundings. I rolled my head to the right and glanced into the cave. If he was here, he hadn't heard it. The breeze picked up again, taking with it the stench of stale blood—my stench. I sniffed the air and listened intensely, but I didn't hear or smell anything out of the ordinary. I locked my eyes on the rim of the quarry.
Time passed with no change, but then, I saw a branch move in a different direction than the prevailing breeze. They were back! I wanted to call out to them, but I knew I couldn't. I remained motionless, but still staring at the location where the branch had moved. If this was my recue it would come quickly, it was the only way. I hated that my family was risking their very existence for me. In my weakened state, I would be of little help even if they freed me. I only hoped that they had managed to keep Jason away—it wouldn't have been easy, he would want to be here, for me, for them, but it was too dangerous, and if they failed, at least there was a chance he would be left alone. He must survive.
There was another sound, this time to my right and left—faint, very faint. Then, a noise from inside the cave. My captor was aware. He appeared at the opening of the deeper portion of the cave in his human form, but he had a glass syringe of greenish-yellow liquid in his hand. When I looked back out into the darkness two figures jumped into the quarry. I think it was Nathan and maybe Melanie. The sounds from either side of me grew louder, less careful, more direct. This was the attack—my rescue.
My captor sprung to the lip of our cave, to my right. As he lifted the syringe a bottle, and two smaller objects came hurling toward us from across the quarry. They came with such speed, there was time for recognition, but not reaction. As they came into focus, he started the syringe toward his arm. The bottle—followed by at least three more—smashed into his face, the shards of glass shattering his syringe. Jason's blood splattered all over us. He turned toward me as one of the smaller objects stuck in his side. The second one plunged into the lower part of my chest. I gasped as two more bottles of Jason's blood shattered against the upper rim of our cave, spraying more blood onto us. My gaze found the syringe sticking out of my chest as a strange paralysis began to spread through my body.
He turned back to the opening as another bottle of blood hit him square in the face. His roar was deafening. He drew his arm to his mouth and tried to suck the remnants of the greenish-yellow solution that had spilled out of the syringe into his mouth, but in doing so, drew in Jason's blood too. His chest heaved upward, his arms back, down to his sides and he bellowed toward the sky. Was he changing? There wasn't much time.
I started to scream at the overwhelming fire that flared in my throat from Jason's blood, but the paralysis cut it off. I flopped back against the stone and hung motionless, but the fiery thirst burned relentlessly. While I was unable to move, my senses were still completely aware of what was going on around me.
The historian turned toward me, defeat in his eyes. "At least I can destroy you!"
Suddenly a figure dropped from above us—Benjamin. He grabbed the historian and they both plunged over the edge of the cave into the quarry.
Paralysis had left me facing upwards, toward the rim of the cave. Unable to close my eyes I watched Jason's blood drip all around me. There was so much. Was he dead?
In the quarry, sounds of feet from all directions raced toward where Benjamin and the historian had fallen, turning quickly to sounds of battle. It was lasting too long, he must have changed. I wanted to cry out—to help—but I couldn't. Would one that I loved be lost? Please, not that, not on my account. The battle suddenly stopped and at the edge of my vision a faint purple glow flickered off the opposite quarry wall.
There was the sound of two landings on the lip of the cave and then Elizabeth and Melanie peered into my eyes.
"Quickly." Elizabeth said.
I felt my arms move as they wrestled with my chains.
"I can't." Melanie cried. "The blood, the blood." She choked.
"Go."
There was another thud and then Tink stared into my eyes. My left wrist moved and then my arm fell against the side of the stone slab. The chain drug across my body until it was gone.
"Go." Tink said. "I've got her."
"I'm sorry." Elizabeth replied.
My other wrist was freed and then Tink appeared in front of me.
"You're safe now. Elizabeth and Melanie are going to bathe you, but you're safe. You don't have to worry." He scooped me up in his arms and leapt from the cave into the quarry. The purple pyre flashed across my vision. Tink immediately began to run with me across the rocks. Suddenly, we were air born and then splashed into a deep pool of water. Tink spun and I could see the wisps of blood floating away from us against the moon lit sky and purple glow. Tink jumped out of the pool and again ran across the boulders with me in his arms.
"We're over here." Melanie's voice called.
"Are you decent?"
"Just bring her, quickly. We don't know how long the sedative will last."
If only it were a sedative, but I was completely aware of my senses, mostly the burning thirst for Jason's blood. I could only hope they had a plan to contain me, because my thirst was beyond my control. Suddenly, I was air born again, but without Tink. I landed with a splash in another pool.
"Are you sure the plastic is enough to contain her?" Tink called from a distance.
"Jason said with enough wraps it was stronger than the chains and it worked when we tested it." Elizabeth yelled back.
"Okay. We'll surround you, alert us if you're losing her."
I was pushed under the water and feverishly scrubbed. This time, I could see what little blood was left floating off in the current. This must be a stream.
"Faster." Elizabeth ordered.
"Her hair will take hours." Melanie replied. "Even for me."
"Cut it, we don't have time. It will grow back quickly."
Finally they stopped, but my arm suddenly flinched.
"Get dressed. Hurry!" Elizabeth ordered.
Seconds later, "I've got her." Melanie said.
Then, there were two sets of hands pulling clothes over me while I was still under the water. Once dressed, they yanked me up, out of the water. While Elizabeth held me upright—arms at my sides, Melanie spun around me wrapping me in clear plastic wrap, not the kitchen brand, this was industrial grade stuff. Two, three, four rolls of plastic wrap went around me from my shoulders to my ankles. I blinked.
"Stay calm, Izzy, you are safe now." Elizabeth said.
I turned slightly to the sound of her voice.
"The restraint is only for your safety—and Jason's."
I didn't want to take a breath to speak so I just nodded.
"He's gone—destroyed—we are safe now—you are safe." Elizabeth turned her attention to Melanie. "Are you in control?"
"Yes, but it is still difficult. You?"
"Yes." Elizabeth's voice lacked her usual certainty.
They gently leaned me against a small crevice in the rocks to prop me up.
"You may join us." Elizabeth called into the darkness as the moon slipped behind the clouds.
Benjamin, Nathan, Tink and Hayley emerged from behind the rocks and gathered near me.
"Is she still sedated?" Benjamin asked.
"Her arm moved," Elizabeth replied, "I think she's coming out of it."
"Any reaction to Jason's blood?" Tink asked.
"No, I think the sedative spared her that as we hoped it would." Elizabeth said.
The concern in Benjamin's eyes eased a little. I couldn't let them know otherwise, but what happened to Jason.
"Is Jason okay?" I mumbled.
"Izzy," Elizabeth's voice rang with relief. "How are you feeling?"
"Weak, very weak."
"We should move on to the next phase of the plan." Benjamin said.
Nathan stepped forward and addressed me. "I want you to try and free yourself. Give it your best effort. We need to be sure we can keep you safe."
I pressed my arms outward, but could not budge the plastic cocoon. I shook my head.
"Okay, sir," Nathan said to Benjamin, "she's ready."
Tink helped Nathan lay me on the ground and then each one tied a loop of rope around me. They secured the loop on their end around their neck and together began to climb the quarry wall. The other's followed. Halfway up there was a strong scent of Jason's blood from the cave, but the boys accelerated and it faded behind us. Once at the top of the quarry, Tink and Nathan rearranged the rope and Tink carried me on his back like I was in a papoose. We moved quickly, deliberately through the woods.
Once inside Melanie and Nathan's cabin, Elizabeth approached with a glass of blood.
"I know this will be difficult, dear, but I know you can do this."
"I'll try."
"No!" Benjamin said. "You will succeed."
"Yes, sir."
Elizabeth lifted the glass of blood to my lips. It smelled repulsive, not at all what I thirsted for. "This is deer blood, you remember. It takes a little getting used to."
I took a small sip into my mouth. It tasted worse than it smelled, but I forced it down.
"That's it, slowly." Elizabeth said.
I managed a few more sips, but finally turned my head away from the glass. "I can't. No more."
"She did well for the first time." Elizabeth said to Benjamin and then turned back to me. "We will keep this up until your eyes change, a little at a time. We don't want you to stay thirsty, we just want a slow, controlled recovery. I'm sorry this is so difficult."
They gathered at the other end of the room presumably to assess my condition. It seemed I'd exchanged one prison for another.
"You want me to drink deer blood?"
They all turned toward me.
"I need to hunt—to kill!" I screamed.
They huddled, like Jason's football team, with their backs to me. I couldn't hear much of what they were saying, but I distinctly heard Hayley say, 'I don't think she can do it.' Tink followed with, 'if we could—if you could, then Izzy can.' Hayley got mad and stormed out. Tink followed after her.
"We'll take shifts," Nathan said as they stepped back, "but we all need to stay alert.
"I hate you!" I screamed. "You can't do this to me! It's my choice—mine!"
Tink and Hayley came back in from outside at my outburst.
"I think we should go ahead with phase three." Tink said.
Nathan shook his head.
"It's too soon." Elizabeth replied.
Benjamin put his arm around her to comfort her. "He's weak."
"His blood is thin, nowhere near as intoxicating as back at the quarry and maybe seeing him—" Tink said.
I liked the sound of this, a weak human—a weak Jason? I twisted my hand a little and began quietly picking at the plastic.
"It's too soon." Elizabeth repeated.
"I agree with Elizabeth." Melanie added. "Jason is weak like you say—even frail—and we still don't know how strong she is. Even if we can contain her, this could be devastating to Jason in his current state."
Benjamin stroked his chin in thought. "True, the boy is weak, but not their relationship, I believe it could do more good than harm." He looked at Elizabeth. "Remember the affect his presence had at the quarry, it calmed her."
"I'll fetch him." Tink said. He gave Hayley a kiss on the cheek and left.
While the conversation was going on, I'd continued to scrape at the plastic with my finger nail. Suddenly, there was pressure on the other side of the plastic from my finger. I looked over at Nathan.
"Don't even think about it." He turned toward Elizabeth. "Bring more blood."
I managed one more sip than my first attempt, but the taste was still disgusting and did nothing to quench the fire in my throat.
Benjamin startled me when he stepped in front of me and grasped my head between his hands. "Think back to what you were, Izzy. Remember, remember."
There was a blur of images, kids at school, Cathy and then Jason. A different kind of fire began to spread through me. I shook my head violently. "Stop! Stop it! Stop it!"
Benjamin stepped back. Elizabeth looked up at him expectedly but her sense of hope was not reflected in Benjamin's face.
"You stay away from me!" I screamed at Benjamin. "Stay away."
They both retreated a few feet. Nathan slapped my hand as I started to pick at the plastic again.
"She can do this?" Elizabeth said, looking up into Benjamin's eyes.
"Perhaps the boy will help."
"I can hear you." I said.
Chapter 21
Elizabeth managed to force several more sips of the putrid deer blood in me. The truth was, it was restoring my strength—not much, but some, even though it did nothing to quench the thirst for human blood. After what seemed like an eternity, there were footsteps on the front porch. Just one pair, but heavy. The door opened slightly. My chest pressed hard against the plastic as I inhaled the most wonderful human aroma ever. This was what, and whom I wanted, but the scent was weak, watery—it didn't matter.
Benjamin, Melanie and Hayley joined Nathan around me. The odds weren't good, but if I could get lose just long enough to sink my teeth into Jason—that's all I wanted—all I needed. Nathan slapped my hand again and scowled at me.
"Is he prepared for this?" Elizabeth said to Tink.
"I'm ready." The most incredible, masculine voice replied.
"Slowly, Tink."
The door pushed open a little and I could see feet, Jason's feet, but not on the floor. I began to scratch at the plastic with my other hand.
"If you don't stop," Melanie said, "we won't let Tink bring him in."
"Izzy, are you alright?" Jason said. The other burning started, the one deep inside, not thirst, but it was quickly over powered.
Elizabeth's face filled with empathy as Jason must have come into her view.
"It's going to be okay, Izzy, just hold your breath." Jason said.
"Ahhh!" I screamed, snapping my razor sharp teeth at the air.
Tink withdrew with Jason and the door closed. "Give her a minute and we'll try again." he said.
Jason said nothing.
I drew in Jason's lingering aroma.
Elizabeth shook her head, but Benjamin made a motion to try again.
"Tolliver." Benjamin commanded.
The door opened and again I saw Jason's feet. Tink continued forward ever so slowly—Jason's knees—his hips cuddled in Tink's arms. Why was Tink carrying him? I was holding my breath, hoping I could control my thirst long enough for Jason to get closer, but I couldn't resist a slight sniff. As beautiful as Jason's scent was, it was off from what I remembered. But then again, how could anything really be that incredibly succulent.
Finally Tink turned the corner and I could see Jason's face. He was so pale, almost vampire pale. If not for the sound of his heart, and his scent, I might have thought they had changed him. It was one way they could have gotten so much of his blood.
"Put me down, Tink." Jason pointlessly, whispered. He staggered when his feet hit the floor, but he regained his balance. Tink stayed by his side. Jason's eyes slowly scanned up my plastic, cocoon until his gaze met mine. He smiled—obviously forced.
I didn't realize it, but I must have been doing the lure your prey thing. "Don't you want to kiss me?"
Jason took an awkward step forward, but Tink intercepted him.
I pressed harder. "Kiss me, Jason."
Tink wrapped his arm around Jason's waist and whisked him outside.
"No! Bring him back! He belongs to me—he's mine!" The ferocity of my rant startled the others.
"I think we're finished here." Nathan said.
Outside, on the porch, Jason said, "Let me try again."
"I don't know." Tink replied. "Maybe Nathan's right, it's just too soon."
"I don't want to leave her like this, it has to be eating her up."
"Okay, one more try. Be strong for her."
This time, Jason led Tink into the room. And this time, his eyes were fixed on mine from the start. They drew me in and I could sense his pain. He walked slowly until he was only an arm length away. Melanie and Nathan pressed closer against my sides. Jason reached his shaky arms toward my face. I pulled my head back slowly so I could strike when they were close enough.
"No!" Benjamin commanded.
I struck as Jason dropped his hands to his sides. They were too far away. I tried to lure him back.
"Don't, Izzy." Jason whispered. "That's not what you want."
"You don't know what I want! How dare you?" I thrashed at my plastic prison, but all I could manage to do was shake from side-to-side.
Jason didn't flinch. "We—us, that's what you want—what I want, to be together again."
His scent—the blood pulsing through his veins was still over powering, but there was that other feeling again.
Jason knelt down, and looked up at Benjamin. Benjamin nodded and Jason reached out and pressed his hands against the tops of my bare feet. A new, but familiar sensation took hold of me. Jason looked up at me and smiled as the sensation spread up my legs. It looked like he was feeling the same thing. This warmth—not fire—warmth that continued to radiate through my body. It was calming, tranquil, magic. My body began to relax until the sensation got to my throat. Despite the beauty of what I was feeling—what Jason seemed to be feeling, I fought it.
"No! It's a trick. Stop it! Stop!"
Jason let go and the calming sensation was immediately overcome by my thirst for his blood. He stood slowly, with great effort seeming oblivious to my outburst. He looked at the others briefly, and then back to me. "I love you. I've missed you so much I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am that I let this happen to you." He eased back.
"This is your fault. I hate you! I hate you!"
My family drew in closer around me to control my struggling, but I saw Elizabeth escort Jason out onto the porch. I stopped so I could hear their conversation.
"Are you alright?" Elizabeth said.
"Yes—no, I hate seeing her like that especially since it was my fault."
"This was not your fault. If you had not drawn the blood like you did I don't think we would have ever gotten her back."
"Elizabeth is right." Benjamin said, joining them on the porch. "Your blood was just enough of a distraction that we got the jump on him. I'm only glad we were able to spare Izzy. You are to be commended for your bravery."
"But I wasn't even there."
"Ah, but a man who makes a sacrifice—risks his own life—for another is a hero in my eyes. And, in this case, you not only risked your life for Izzy, but for all of us—for my entire family. I will forever be in your debt."
"Thank you, sir. I never knew how strong I could be until being strong was the only choice I had."
"Goodnight then, son." Benjamin's heels clicked. "I'll send Tink out to help you home."
The door opened and Benjamin walked back in. As soon as they made eye contact, Tink started for the door.
"I am also forever in your debt." Elizabeth said. "Tink, you'll see he gets home safe."
"Yes ma'am."
"I think you will sleep a little easier tonight." Elizabeth said, obviously talking to Jason.
"No, not till we get her back." Jason said. "I'll see you tomorrow."
"Do you think you will be up to it, you are still so weak."
"I'll be here, if I have to crawl. There is no other choice."
"Bless you. Goodnight."
The door opened and Elizabeth returned. It was quiet on the porch, Jason was gone.
* * *
I'd spent the rest of the night in silence—the fight was internal. My family kept a close watch over me, but refrained from speaking to me except to offer me more deer blood. They knew what I was facing, they'd each faced it themselves and were all too aware of the difficulty.
I grimaced and turned my face away from a second sip of deer blood. Elizabeth retreated without a word. My thoughts returned to Jason and his touch, that beautiful sensation that radiated through my body—we were meant to be together, of that there was no doubt. Again, as with each time I thought of him, the burning thirst returned—the monster returned. How could I control this? How did I before? I remembered the tender moments we shared under the pine canopy in the park, and his kiss—that amazing kiss that changed everything—the night under the twinkle lights, our dance, the longing I felt. I wanted that—wanted it so much, but it seemed impossible.
The door opened and closed and I opened my eyes. Tink and Hayley were gone. Beyond the windows, light flickered through the fall leaves, it was early morning.
"You look better today." Melanie said as she stepped in front of me. "Your eyes are a lighter shade already."
"Can I see?"
Melanie returned with a Sterling silver, hand mirror that must have been one hundred years old. She held it up in front of me.
I recoiled a the sight of my crimson eyes. "Jason saw me like this." I mumbled.
"He did."
"He must have been terrified."
"No, he was sad, sad that you were in such anguish."
"I remember. He said it was his fault."
"Boys, they always think the world revolves around them, that what they do, or don't do, determines the outcome of everything. Our stalker—the historian was not Jason's fault, nor was your abduction. We all thought you would be safe around humans. No one foresaw the desperate measures he would take." Melanie glanced over at Elizabeth who had cautiously moved closer. "Do you remember the dance?"
"Yes." I dug deep, past my monster. "Homecoming—Beauty and the Beast."
"You were stunning." Elizabeth said. She help out a picture of Jason and me dressed as Belle and the beast. "What is it, dear?" she said as my head drooped.
"Clearly I'm the beast now."
The door opened and Tink and Hayley returned. A new scent aroused my thirst. "It's on the porch." Tink said to Elizabeth. He grabbed the glass of deer blood and took it outside.
"I don't like this." Nathan said.
"Just a little," Melanie told him, "to ease the transition."
My nostrils flared at the new scent when Tink returned. Melanie and Elizabeth parted as Tink stepped forward. 
"See if this tastes a little better." he said as he tilted the glass toward my lips.
There was still the putrid taste of deer blood, but also a much wilder, stronger taste, almost satisfying.
Tink pulled the glass back. "Better?"
"More."
He pressed the glass back against my lips and I drank.
"This was Hayley's idea." Tink said, pulling the empty glass away.
I glanced at her. "More."
Tink looked to Nathan and then to Elizabeth. "Be right back." Tink went out on the porch and returned with another glass of blood. He let me drink it all.
"Oh my." Melanie exclaimed.
Tink looked at me, smiled and then gave Hayley a hug.
"What is it?" Elizabeth said as she approached. She smiled as her gaze washed across my face.
"What?" I asked.
Melanie put the mirror back in front of me. My eyes had changed. The area around my pupils was a deep, golden color that faded to a crimson rim at the edge's of my irises.
"What does it mean?" I asked.
"How is your thirst?" Elizabeth replied.
I swallowed. The burn was still there—still beyond my control, but it lacked some of the intensity. "Better, I think."
They all smiled, but there was a detectable uncertainty.
"When will Jason get here?" I asked.
Quick, apprehensive glances were exchanged.
"Well, I guess we'll just have to wait and see how I do."
"Test your restraints." Nathan said.
I pushed outward against them and felt the resistance. I was stronger, but I refrained from pushing any harder. "About the same."
Nathan nodded.
"What did you do to the blood?" I asked Tink.
Hayley answered. "When I was trying to adapt, the blood of a predator was more substantial—closer to human blood. Tink and I found a mountain lion of some sort and mixed it's blood in with the deer blood."
"I hope you had some."
"A little, I couldn't resist. Just so you know, I still find deer blood disgusting."
"Thanks, it helps to know, and thanks for the mountain lion. Could I have more?"
Hayley looked to Elizabeth, who looked to Nathan.
"Half." Nathan said with finality.
Tink started to get up.
"I'll get it." Hayley said. She grabbed my glass and went out on the porch, retuning a short time later. She walked deliberately toward me and pressed the glass to my lips.
"Hayley?" Tink warned.
The blood was more predator than deer this time—it tasted so good I gulped it down. I finished it before Tink stood.
Hayley turned toward him. "It's okay, just a little more vitamin enriched." She turned back to me. "Better?"
"Thank you, it really helps."
"My pleasure." She winked, and returned to Tink's side. She responded to his frown with a kiss. "Don't worry, she'll be fine. You were right all along."
* * *
It was afternoon when Tink returned. This time there were two sets of footsteps on the porch.
"Is that a lion?" Jason said. "I didn't know you had them on the East Coast—oh. Did it help?"
"I think so, but we'll have to see."
"Then she's better today?"
Elizabeth joined them on the porch. I sniffed the air as the door opened and then closed. He was healthier, his scent stronger, more enticing.
"You have more color in your face." Elizabeth said. "I'm glad you are feeling better."
"Thank you."
"How is practice going?" Tink said.
"I don't know."
"What do you mean, aren't you getting ready for your big game?" Tink said.
"They are, but Coach won't let me practice, says it's too dangerous after loosing so much blood—it takes time. The trainer gave me an IV so I'm not as dehydrated, but it will take time for my blood count to get back to normal."
"I see," Elizabeth said, "it explains why your scent was not as strong."
"Was?" Jason said.
"You're not quiet yourself, but much closer today."
"Can Izzy tolerate me?"
"We'll have to see." Tink said.
The door opened.
Elizabeth spoke. "Slowly, Jason. She's better, but it has been a short time and we cannot expect too much from her. Just don't get your hopes up." Elizabeth entered the room. "Are you up to a visitor, dear?"
"Yes, yes of course." I could tell from Elizabeth's expression I was too eager.
She turned toward the open door. "Slowly."
Tink walked in first, and crossed the room to stand by Hayley. Everyone was staring at me—it was disconcerting.
"Hello." Jason stepped into the room, stopping just inside the door. Again, his eyes immediately focused on mine. "You look better. It won't be long before your my beautiful butterfly again."
"Oh, I replied, you disapprove of my cocoon?"
"Yes. I want to hold you, kiss you—sorry, I know you're not ready for that just yet." He took a step closer.
My deep inhale did not go unnoticed by my family. The fire was there, still raging in my throat. The question was could I control it, or maybe more accurately, did I want to.
Jason took another cautious step closer. I shook my head and he stopped. He forced a smile.
"Did you say Coach won't let you practice?"
"It's okay."
"Because of me."
"No, because of me—something I had to do for the one I love."
"But you'll get to play in the game, right?"
Jason shrugged. "Doesn't matter."
"Because of me." I repeated.
Jason inched forward until I shook my head again. He was so beautiful from his windswept hair—no doubted from his trip through the woods with Tink—to his deep, chocolate eyes that reflected such longing, to his sharp, whiskered jaw line, broad shoulders and tight hips. He was magnificent.
"Will you touch me again?"
Jason looked to my family for approval and then stepped forward and, never taking his eyes off mine, knelt down in front of me. As he touched me, he silently mouthed, 'I love you.'
The radiating, warm sensation was immediate, melting the tension, replacing it with desire, longing—longing for Jason, for his love. But just like the last time, the further it extended, the more intense the burning thirst grew. Jason seemed to sense my struggle and let go.
"Don't." I begged.
"Just for a minute." He waited.
"Are you alright, dear?" Elizabeth ventured.
I nodded, not taking my eyes off of Jason. "Again?" His touch was magical and spread quickly. This time it was more like I was drawing it in instead of hesitantly letting it in. It moved much faster and swept past my throat. I smiled, a mixed signal smile, predator and lover.
Jason smiled back. A tear formed at the outer edge of his eye and then trickled down his temple—his throbbing temple. His heart was pounding, louder and louder.
I knew what I was doing, but couldn't stop myself. Jason began to slowly stand. Jason's face registered shock when Nathan's hand came down firmly on his shoulder, halting his progress.
"No!" I yelled and struck at Jason again and again.
Nathan started to pull Jason away, but Jason slipped out from under his hand and stood there, right in front of me.
"I love you." he whispered.
"I want you." I snarled, fighting my restraints. The plastic bulged at the sides.
Nathan and Tink quickly moved in on either side of me.
"It's still too soon." Elizabeth said. "Please step away, Jason."
"No." Jason said, not taking his eyes off mine—tears were forming, welling up on his lower eye lids. "I mean no disrespect ma'am, but we can do this." He wiped his eyes.
I continued to struggle against my coffin of plastic. "I want you! I want you!"
"Could you give us a minute guys?" Jason said.
Tink gently rested his hand on Jason's shoulder. "She will kill you. I can't do that to either of you."
Jason looked at Tink with tears streaming down his face. They exchanged an awkward glance and then Jason's eyes were locked back on mine.
"Elizabeth, Melanie, Hayley, can you control her?" Tink said.
The girls changed places with Tink and Nathan, Elizabeth and Melanie on either side and Hayley a few steps behind Jason.
"Thanks, guys." Jason said.
Tink and Nathan withdrew to the opposite side of the room.
"I want to taste you." I said pushing with all my strength against the plastic.
"Your eyes are beautiful. I love that shade of gold." Jason's voice was thick with mucus as tears continued to stream down his face. "You're so beautiful."
I struggled again and began snapping at him, but he didn't move—not even a flinch. Jason didn't say another word, he just stood there in front of me, crying as I tried again and again to attack him.
Chapter 22
That night, after Jason was gone, they moved me to the Faulkner house. I kind of felt like it signified some sort of small victory. I doubted they would move me closer to human civilization if they didn't think I was getting better. I didn't feel better, but there was no question Jason's emotional wringing out affected me. I knew he loved me, of that there was no doubt, and I loved him, but for him to bare his soul to me like that, with my family present—I didn't deserve that kind of love not even without the monster. He knew I would have killed him if I could have, but he just stood there and left our fate in my hands. He was incredible—so brave and sweet. I adored him. If I could just get past the monster.
When the light of another day flickered through the windows, Elizabeth appeared for her shift. "How do you feel?"
"I don't know, exactly. The thirst is still strong, but what Jason did last night—I don't know, it was so sweet."
"Brave, reckless, insane—I've never seen a man display his emotions—expose himself like that. He truly loves you."
"I know, and I love him."
"You are fighting so hard and I am so proud of you. What Jason did, it also moved me. It reminded me of how much I love you, and trust you." She set the glass of mixed blood she was holding on the table next to me. "Promise me you won't runaway—that you want to remain a part of our family—your family, that our ways are your ways."
"I want to be here with all of you, like you."
Benjamin, Tink and Nathan approached as Elizabeth used her fingernail to slice through my plastic cocoon. The thick pieces peeled away. She reached down and handed me the glass. I drank it slowly, letting the blood linger in my throat.
"How do you feel?" Benjamin said.
"May I?" I nodded toward the mirror to my left.
Benjamin stepped aside.
I moved slowly so I would not alarm anyone and then looked into the mirror. My hair was shorter, but had almost grown back out to it's full length. I looked deeper into my eyes. There was only a hint of crimson at the outer ring of my irises, around the pupils, honey gold. Despite their color, I felt something was missing. I turned to my family.
"I want to hunt." I said.
Tink and Nathan exchanged a concerned glance.
"I don't know," Elizabeth said, "I don't see the point so soon."
"We cannot contain her in the forest." Nathan said.
"That assumes we would need too." Benjamin interjected.
"If we went to a remote area, far away from humans," I offered, "it would be safer—just in case."
"Why hunt, dear?" Elizabeth said. "Your eyes are rich in color, your need to feed should be well within your ability to maintain control."
"My thirst—while still strong—is within my control for now, but even so, I need to know I can surrender to my natural instincts and then regain control. Drinking blood from a glass isn't going to tell me that."
"Then you're not sure." Nathan said.
"I think she can do it." Hayley added.
"It's not a vote." I said. "I want to see Jason next time—like this, free, free to touch him, to hold him, to kiss him. I have to know I won't hurt him."
"That I'm not so sure about." Hayley said. "He's even difficult for me to resist."
"I agree." Benjamin said. He stepped to my side and put his arm around me. "It is wiser to take this more cautiously, for you and young Jason's safety."
That hurt, the part about me still being dangerous to 'Jason's safety', but Benjamin was right, I could lash out in an instant and he would be gone. I couldn't exist without him. I slumped forward, pressing my hand against the mirror. "You're right."
Benjamin pulled me away from the wall and held me close, closer than he ever had. It was not like him to outwardly show such affection, particularly around others. "Perhaps after a hunt we will be better able to ascertain your present state."
"Really, you trust me?"
"Always." Benjamin turned to the others. "Anyone wish to change clothes?"
Elizabeth raced upstairs.
Benjamin turned me to face him. "Izzy, the hunt must be conducted within strict guidelines for us to be able to tell how well you are coping. You cannot vary from my instructions. Do you understand?"
"What do you want me to do?"
"We will make a circle around you and hunt as one. We will do our very best to give you the opportunity to make the kill, but you must remain within the circle at all times. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes, Dad."
"You understand that if we lose you in the woods, the likelihood of successfully completing the transition on your own is doubtful?"
"Yes. I don't want that."
"Ah, but a part of you does, the part you wish to test. You must control the beast."
"I will."
Elizabeth returned and we headed out the back. Hayley suggested we go south, I assumed from her previous hunt with Tink. As long as we kept to the ridge, the area was unpopulated all the way to the Potomac River at Harpers Ferry. If we had no luck, we could cross the valley near the river and return on the western ridge.
Being free to run—to hunt was invigorating, but I was aware of the eyes scrutinizing my every move. We traveled fast, maybe too fast to actually hunt, and arrived at the river having only seen one scrawny doe.
"Maybe we'll have better luck on the other ridge," Tink said as we crossed the valley.
Once on the other side, we moved north along the shadowed side of the ridge. We'd gone about a mile when I caught the scent of a predator, perhaps the mate of Hayley and Tink's previous kill. I looked toward Benjamin for approval. The tightness in his eyes showed concern, but he nodded. 
In a short time, we reached a steep, rocky area. The scent was stronger now. We moved down lower on the ridge to avoid the prevailing wind that would alert the animal to our approach. The rugged terrain made it difficult to keep together—the control circle around me became loose, less defined.
My senses were at their peak, sight, hearing, smell clicking in perfect unison when I spotted her for just a second before she disappeared behind a jagged ledge. I veered up the ravine and my family changed direction with me. As we closed within jumping distance of the ledge, Tink and Hayley peeled off to opposite sides, opening the circle, giving me the opportunity to make the kill. The three of us leapt simultaneously, the others, not far behind.
The cat turned immediately, baring her teeth, ready to fight.
"Stop!" I yelled.
Tink and Hayley closed on her flanks, but held their distance. The cat snarled as the muted thuds of the rest of my family landed behind us. I took a step toward her and she swung a huge paw at me.
"Go ahead." Hayley said, she's all yours."
I sniffed the air, the cat's heart was pounding, pushing rich, wild blood through her body with each beat—my blood for the taking. I licked my lips and felt my throat burn with anticipation. I stepped back.
"No." I glanced around at the disbelieving faces of my family.
"No way." Hayley said.
"Please, just back away."
We retreated to the edge of the ledge. The big cat remained frozen—alert, but behind her two cubs poked their noses out from their den. My thirst, while still strong, subsided.
"Can we go, now?" I asked.
"Yes." Benjamin said and without further discussion, we headed home. We crossed the valley while we were still in an unpopulated area and arrived home a short time later.
"What happened?" Elizabeth questioned as we entered the parlor.
"I didn't need to take her life just to see if I could control myself."
The glances they exchanged were filled with grave reservations.
"What?"
"You broke off right at the moment of greatest satisfaction." Hayley said.
"It doesn't satisfy me to kill not even out of necessity."
Elizabeth seemed to suddenly be aware of the lengthening shadows. "You should go and change, Jason will be here shortly."
The mere mention of his name spread warmth through me. "Yes." I raced upstairs to my room only to pull up short in the doorway. On my mirror Jason had written in Warrior-blue paint—one of those shoe polish roller things, 'I love you', and in the corner, his name across a heart. He must have done it before, when he met Tink, before coming to Melanie's. I walked slowly to my mirror and gently traced his name with my finger. "I love you." I whispered. My bliss was interrupted when I heard a car turn off the main road. I quickly changed into jeans, and although rather tattered, Jason's favorite band tee shirt. I went without shoes. I made quick work of applying my eye makeup and hurried back down to the parlor. To my chagrin, Tink and Nathan were holding rolls of the commercial grade plastic wrap that I had been confined in. I looked to Benjamin.
"What you did on the hunt earlier was nothing short of miraculous. I almost pounced on the creature myself, but young Jason is another matter." he said.
"I can do this Dad, I know I can. Sure, maybe not the kissing part, maybe not even the embracing part, but we can hold hands—proper, like it's supposed to be—like you want us to be."
"You realize what is at stake if you fail?" Elizabeth said.
I glowered at her incredulously.
"I've grown fond of the boy." She smiled.
I looked at Melanie and Hayley. "Would you sit next to me on the sofa? Elizabeth will want to greet Jason at the door—prepare him." I winked at Elizabeth.
"We will stand on either side." Tink said, motioning to Nathan.
A car door closed out front.
I scanned their faces. "Don't let anything happen to him—no matter what you have to do, understand?"
They nodded, but we all knew there was only so much they could do—only so much they could anticipate.
"Places everyone." Melanie said as Jason started up the front steps.
Melanie, Hayley and I sat on the sofa—me in the middle of course—and locked arms. Tink and Nathan took positions standing at our flanks as Benjamin and Elizabeth strolled to the entrance of the parlor. They paused to straighten their clothing. There was a knock at the door. They both looked back and then proceeded toward the door.
"Oh," came Jason's surprised voice, "I was expecting Tink. Is she okay? Has something happened?"
"Izzy's well." Benjamin said.
"But?" Jason probed.
"There have been some changes." Benjamin replied.
"That's good, right?"
"It is very good," Elizabeth said, "so far."
"Oh." He sounded dejected.
"I know how much you want to see her," Elizabeth continued, "but you may still be beyond her control."
I tried to get up, but Melanie and Hayley held me down. Tink and Nathan moved closer. 
"She's trying to talk him out of coming in." I complained.
"Be patient." Melanie whispered.
At the door, Elizabeth continued. "Izzy is inside, and free to move about."
Jason's heartbeat quickened.
"Do you understand what that means?"
"Good grief, woman," Benjamin interrupted, "of course he understands."
I could imagine Elizabeth's reaction, but she continued, seemingly unphased. "She is with the girls on the sofa in the parlor. Tink and Nathan are close at hand. Even so, there is no—"
"I want to see her!" Jason exclaimed without hesitation.
"Very well, this way." Elizabeth said.
Above the sound of their footsteps Benjamin whispered. "Go slow, give her time, we have sworn to keep you safe, but—"
"I understand." Jason replied. His heart was pounding wildly as Elizabeth appeared in the entranceway of the parlor.
"You have a visitor, dear." she announced, stepping to the side, a smile filling her face.
Benjamin stepped into the entranceway and Jason appeared between them. Jason's face was glowing.
"Good day Miss Faulkner." Jason bowed. "You look lovely this afternoon."
My family was used to Jason's sense of humor and took no offense at his quaint, formality although Hayley looked a little confused.
"Slowly." Elizabeth whispered and then, louder. "Would you care for a glass of sweet tea?"
"Yes, ma'am, that's very gracious of you." Except for when he bowed, Jason and I had not taken our eyes off one another.
Benjamin escorted Jason to the loveseat near the windows, as far from me as possible. Elizabeth returned from the kitchen with a glass of sweet tea.
"Thank you." Jason said, standing to accept the glass from her. A bead of sweat formed above his brow. He was so nervous. He took a slow drink of tea and then addressed Elizabeth. "I believe this is your best yet."
Elizabeth smiled and stepped back with Benjamin.
Jason's gaze returned to me as he slowly sat down. "I'll have to take you to see them one day—the band." he clarified.
"I'd like that."
We continued to talk for an hour—small talk, the kinds of things you can talk about when your parents are in the room. I was doing better than I had hoped. The warmth that I felt when I was with Jason had completely masked my thirst, but we were still a room apart.
Jason seemed to read my mind and turned to Benjamin. "Would you object if we moved my seat closer?"
Again there was a quick exchange of glances between the members of my family.
Benjamin stepped behind the loveseat and addressed me. "Tell me when we are close enough." He began to slowly push the loveseat, and Jason, toward me. He stopped when he'd gone halfway.
"Closer." I said.
Jason's face was beaming—I know mine was. Again, Benjamin stopped after just a foot or so.
"Closer." Jason said.
I saw Melanie's smile out of the corner of my eye. Jason was within three feet of me now.
"That's close enough." Hayley said. "Sorry, but I'm still new at this, and well—"
"Isn't he breath taking?" I said.
"Not the sense I was thinking of."
Jason started to lean forward, but Benjamin reached down and grasped his shoulder. "Could we hold hands?" Jason said, looking up at him.
"Your safety would be beyond our control. It is much too dangerous, for both of you."
Jason turned back to me. "Or the perfect solution."
"Please, Dad. I won't hurt him, I'm sure of it." I wasn't one hundred percent sure, but I felt like maybe Jason was right. If we could touch each other I would know—know for sure if I was completely back in control. Unfortunately, that brief moment of doubt—though I had not meant it as such—triggered my thirst for human blood—Jason's blood. "Back away." I muttered, focusing my thoughts on my internal struggle.
Benjamin instantly pulled Jason and the loveseat back across the room. At the same time, Tink and Nathan stepped between Jason and I. Elizabeth knelt in front of me.
"Concentrate, Izzy." she said. "Concentrate on how much you love him—how much he loves you."
No one moved for what felt like an eternity. Finally, I opened my eyes. "I'm okay now."
Elizabeth looked up at Tink and Nathan and they stepped to either side. I could see Jason beyond her. He looked worried, not afraid.
"Are you alright?" he whispered, I think to prevent his breath from reaching me.
"I'm sorry—it hurts me to keep doing this to you."
"It's okay. I realize I don't completely understand what you're going through, but I know how you feel, it's how I feel too." He took another shallow breath. "We're close, I can feel it. I can't wait to hold you in my arms again." He glanced up at Benjamin for a second and then slowly stood, returning his gaze to me. "I'll see you tomorrow."
"Thanks for understanding. I love you."
"I love you."
"Come after practice, Jason."
"You're more important."
"We are more important—" I corrected, "I know that, but I won't stand between you and your future, you've worked too hard for it. Besides, I still want to be dating the school heart throb when I come back."
"Oh you will be, you will be, trust me. As for me, I'll be the envy of every guy in school." He winked. "I love you. Oh, and you are my future. Goodnight."
"Goodnight." I blew him a kiss.
Chapter 23
We hunted again before dawn. I took down a doe. Her blood was surprisingly more satisfying immediately after the kill than from a glass. Still, it wasn't what I wanted, but it would do—I hoped.
I paced back and forth in the parlor all day, waiting for Jason. Elizabeth would stop me every once in awhile and remind me not to get worked up. It sounded easy enough, but I couldn't wait to see him. Finally, his Rover turned up the drive. I checked myself in the mirror—ahhh, it would have to do, so I headed for he door with my entourage in tow. I opened the door just as Jason got to the front steps.
"There you are." I said.
Jason hesitated. "Everything okay?"
"Perfect now that you're here." I sniffed the air. "Cologne?"
Jason walked up the steps slowly. "I thought it might help."
"You think of everything, don't you. How was practice?"
"Good, Coach let me take a few snaps. Still not sure if he's going to let me play, but maybe—at least part of the game."
"That's great."
"Oh, I forgot." He raced back to the Rover and returned with a bouquet of flowers.
"For me?"
"Actually, they're for you and Elizabeth. Mom sent them and told me to tell you how happy she is that you are safe."
From behind the opened door, Elizabeth cleared her throat.
"I'm sorry, we're being rude. Please come in." I backed away and led Jason into the parlor.
He handed the flowers to Elizabeth and then walked over to the sofa across the room—where we'd left off last night. The rest of my family filed in behind me. Elizabeth, stopped in the entranceway to the parlor. Jason looked up. "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to presume."
One-by-one I looked into the concerned faces of my family. We all knew that the next step was beyond their ability to protect Jason, or me for that matter. They knew what would happen if I hurt him—to Jason, and ultimately to me.
Melanie took my hand. "Be careful."
Elizabeth extended her hand, and when I took it, kissed me on the cheek. "Tink and Nathan will be by the front door, do not hesitate to call for their assistance."
"I will." I looked to Benjamin.
He nodded. "Remember our guidelines and etiquette. Behave appropriately young lady."
"Okay."
"Yes sir." Jason added.
"Very well." Benjamin and the girls withdrew to another part of the house while Tink and Nathan lingered at the front door.
Jason and I stood there alone for a moment, just staring at one another. There was a time—not so long ago—that this moment seemed impossible. "Mind if I join you?" I asked.
Jason walked slowly toward me and extended his arm, slightly bent at the elbow. I slipped my arm in his and he led me back to the loveseat. "Okay?"
"Yes." I said, but we remained cautious, sitting with a distance between us.
He must have noticed my nostrils flare. "Too much?"
"I was just looking forward to the time you don't need cologne."
He smiled, and drew in a slow, deep breath. "I don't think I'll ever get used to being with you." He slid his hand across the cushion, but stopped halfway, palm up.
I reached out and gently lay my palm on his. The sensation was as magnificent as I anticipated—as I remembered.
"Welcome back." Jason said.
I started to lean forward to kiss him, but stopped myself. "I can't tell you how much I've been longing for this moment."
"I hope it's okay, but besides Mom, I told Cathy and Alex that you were safe." Jason explained. "I swore them to secrecy. On a scale of one to ten, where do you think you are as far as tolerating me?" I sensed he'd changed the subject to allow me more time to adjust.
"Tolerate? That's an odd choice of words."
"What would you use?"
I lifted my hand from his. "I don't know, maybe desire, or longing."
Jason blushed. "Yeah, much better, but I didn't want to go there, at least not until you were ready."
"I've missed you so much—I'm so ready." I put my hand back in his and slowly slid it up his arm, giving his muscular forearm a little squeeze."
"You should probably stop." Jason said as my hand neared the crease in his arm. He tensed.
"Why?"
"You look good in that color." he said, obviously trying to divert the conversation again.
"Why do you want me to stop?" I said.
"You don't need to see that."
"Explain."
"Izzy, we shouldn't be talking about blood, especially my blood—not now."
I pushed his sleeve up past his elbow. The crease of his arm was stained with green and purple bruises. Within the bruising, needle marks. "Who did this to you?"
"I did."
"You drew your own blood?"
"Not bad for an amateur. Maybe I should think about medical school."
I shook my head. "I don't think so." I let go of his arm, and Jason pulled down his shirt sleeve to hide the injury. "I'm sorry you had to go through that." I said.
"It was nothing."
I slid closer and although Jason was hesitant at first, he slid closer as well. We held hands. After a few minutes, I said, "I don't know how you can stand to be around me the way I acted."
"I love you, Izzy, everything about you, even the part of you that wants to kill me. All of you, it makes you who you are." He slowly lifted his hand and brushed back my hair. "You're so beautiful."
I turned my face toward his hand and let him cuddle my cheek. It was his left hand—no cologne—all Jason, sweet, succulent Jason. I kissed his palm, and then his wrist, feeling his blood rush though his veins with each thunderous beat of his heart. I slipped my free hand behind his neck and twirled a strand of his hair between my fingers. I inhaled deeply, and let my breath slowly escape through my nostrils as I rested my head in the crook of his neck. His artery beat firmly against my forehead.
"God I've missed you." Jason said.
I lifted my head and our lips met. Jason cupped the back of my head in his hand and held my lips to his. His warmth—his fire consumed me. This was surely heaven. I broke the kiss and slid my mouth down to his neck and whispered, "I love you." My tongue traced the bulge of his artery.
"I love you." He sighed and then added, "Forever."
I pressed my tongue hard against his artery and felt the blood rush past, just below his skin. "You want this." I mumbled.
"I do."
Without actually biting, I let my razor sharp teeth nick his vein. A pulse of his blood flowed into my mouth. Heaven just got better.
"Izzy." Came a hollow voice from somewhere in the distance and then louder, "Izzy!"
Two more pulses of blood trickled down my throat.
"Isabella!" An uncompromising, more masculine voice shouted. "You gave your word."
"It's okay," Jason whispered, "she's not hurting me."
I don't think he had any idea that I might be killing him, or if he did, he didn't care.
"I want to be like her—like you." he continued.
"Isabella, Izzy, this is not what you want for him." It was Benjamin's voice. He was right, I remember saying that—I would never change Jason. Two more pulses of blood trickled down my throat. I tore off a piece of my shirtsleeve, stuffed the cloth into Jason's hand, abruptly pulled back and pressed his hand against the wound. I hung my head, as the full significance of what I almost just did overwhelmed me. I stood to run.
"Why'd you stop?" Jason said.
"What?"
"Why did you stop?"
I looked back to the empty entrance to the parlor. "Benjamin warned me—I promised."
"No one was here, it's just been the two of us."
I slumped back down on the loveseat. "You wanted me to—"
"I do. So why'd you stop?"
"Besides your mom, I could never do that—do this to you. Can you ever forgive me?"
"For what, trying to make us forever?"
"Then forgive me for that—for not changing you."
"I love you, Izzy. For as long as you'll have me, for as long as I live, or forever."
"I don't deserve you." I said. "Is your neck okay?"
"Yeah, sure, nothing a little pressure won't fix. You okay—I mean how'd you stop?"
"I love you that much."
"Then you're back—completely back?"
I nodded. "Yeah—oh, and Jason, the word to describe the taste of your blood does not exist."
My family, minus Hayley appeared in the entranceway to the parlor. They had obviously picked up on the scent of Jason's blood. Their faces registered shock.
"I'm okay." Jason said. "A little ice might help stop the bleeding."
"Ice." Tink disappeared, but quickly returned with an icepack. He tossed it across the room to Jason.
"Thanks, man, appreciate it. If this is too much for you all, I can leave."
No one moved, or replied.
"It's okay," I said to my family, "we're fine now."
Tink, Melanie and Nathan peeled away, retreating from the alluring scent of Jason's blood. Benjaim and Elizabeth regained their composure, but remained. Outside, a car turned into our driveway—then another.
Jason turned and looked out the window. "Uh oh, the cops."
"What? How?" I stuttered.
"Sorry, I guess the word got around. So much for sworn secrecy. This is my fault." Jason said. He got up and went to the mirror on the opposite wall to check his neck. "Well, the bleeding has stopped." He turned to Benjamin. "Sir, I'm sorry for bringing the cops down on you like this, I know you value your privacy. If you'll allow me, I think I can take care of this. I'm sure all they want is to verify that Izzy is safe."
"I would appreciate that, very much."
"If they get nosey, just follow my lead. We'll be fine." Jason tuned to me. "Why don't you and Elizabeth sit on the sofa, just in case." He glanced at Benjamin. "I'll come get you if I have to."
Benjamin nodded.
"Okay, hear goes nothing." Jason opened the door and stepped out onto the front porch and then closed the door behind him. "Officers, what can I do for you?"
"Is this the Faulkner residence?" The closest officer said.
"Yes it is." Jason replied.
"Jason? Jason Whitaker?" An officer from the trailing vehicle said as he and his partner's footsteps approached.
"You know this kid?" The first officer said.
"Sure, he's the high school quarterback."
"Oh, sure," the first officer said, "you have States next weekend, right?"
"I got twenty bucks on the Warrior's." The second officer said.
"That you Officer Burns?" Jason said.
"Sure is, kid. Funny how we keep running into each other. So what are you doing out here? Oh, wait, the Faulkner girl is your girlfriend, right?"
"You got it." Jason said. "I'm so thankful that she's safe now."
Elizabeth patted my arm.
"Yeah, we kind of heard the same thing through the rumor mill." Officer Burns said.
"Guess that's why you're here then." Jason said.
A scratchy voice came over their radio's, asking for a unit in the area to respond to a domestic disturbance.
"Go ahead," Officer Burns said, "we got this."
Two car doors slammed and the closer of the two vehicles turned around and then sped down the driveway.
"I'll tell Izzy you came by to check on her." Jason said.
"I can appreciate your protecting her, but I'm going to have to talk to her parents—paperwork to fill out, you know."
"Dad," I whispered. "you need gloves—to shake hands."
Benjamin shot up the stairs. He returned wearing a pair of work gloves.
"Has to be now?" Jason said. "They're still pretty shook up over the whole thing, you know the whole not involving the police and all."
"Listen, kid. I'm glad she's okay, but not involving the police was the wrong way to go."
"It wasn't their choice, they just wanted their daughter back, safe and sound."
"I get that, but the odds are better when you let the police handle it. I guess we could come back tomorrow, but—"
"No, let me go check and see if her Dad will come out to talk to you. I know they want to put this behind them and move on. Have a seat, I'll be right back." Jason opened the door and stepped inside. He walked to the entranceway to the parlor where Benjamin was standing. "Sorry, sir, but I know this officer—he's the one that was a the hospital when I got hurt—he's okay. I figure we better just go ahead and get this done. Hope that's okay with you."
"Yes, your familiarity may make this easier." Benjamin made a step toward the door.
"Wait." I said. "Listen."
There were footsteps on the porch as Officer Burns' partner joined him.
"Kid seems awfully nervous—like he's hiding something—or afraid."
"Maybe." Officer Burns replied.
"You think the kidnapper is inside?"
"Nah, how could Jason come out to talk to us?"
"I don't know, maybe he has a knife to the girl's throat or something—you know, 'get rid of 'em or she's dead kind of thing."
Jason turned to us and whispered, "Izzy, act like you're crying—Elizabeth, you console her, but offer them some of your sweet tea, and Benjamin we'll get through the paperwork. Act as natural as you can, we want to ease their suspicions." He scanned our faces. Elizabeth and Benjamin looked really worried. "Okay," Jason said, "here we go."
Jason opened the door. "Mr. Faulkner said it would be better if you came in, he doesn't want to leave his daughter."
The two police officers followed Jason in through the entranceway to the parlor.
"Good afternoon, Officers." Benjamin said, as he stood from his seat on the sofa next to me. I flopped over onto Elizabeth's shoulder and tried to make weeping sounds.
"Afternoon, sir." Officer Burns said. "Please excuse our intrusion, we just want to make certain your daughter is safe—we got a report she'd been released."
"Thank you for your concern." Elizabeth said. "Would you care for some sweet tea?"
The corner of Jason's mouth turned up in a slight smile as Elizabeth played her role perfectly.
"No, ma'am, but I appreciate the offer. This won't take long."
"Please, officers," Benjamin said, "would you care to sit?"
"Thank you." Officer Burns said as he and his partner sat on the loveseat. He opened an enclosed clipboard on his lap and took out a pen. "So you're Izzy's father?"
"That is correct, Benjamin Faulkner. This is her mother, Elizabeth."
Officer Burns looked down at the form on his clipboard. "Right, well then, can you tell me exactly what happened?"
"He was waiting for me in the girls bathroom." I said.
"Then it wasn't a random abduction?"
"I'm not sure," I covered, "maybe 'waiting' wasn't the right word, but that's where he grabbed me."
Elizabeth pulled me closer.
"Well, there's no need to put you through that again, we have a good idea what happened from eye witnesses. Can you tell me what happened after you left the school grounds?"
I hesitated, not having really thought through a plausible story. Obviously the truth was out.
"Didn't you say you were blindfolded?" Jason said, prompting my response.
"That's right, he put some kind of cloth bag over my head."
Officer Burns looked at his partner, realizing that I was not going to be able to provide much detail.
"Were there any smells, or sounds that you recognized?" Officer Burns' partner asked.
"No, no nothing jumps out—I think he might have drugged me." I leaned my head on Elizabeth's shoulder to appear more distraught.
"I'm sorry, I know this is difficult. Excuse my bluntness, but were you sexually assaulted?"
"No." Elizabeth said with finality.
I shook my head.
"Well, we can be grateful for that." Officer Burns turned to Benjamin. "How were you contacted?"
"I was not." Benjamin said.
"I woke up on the front porch." I said. "I have no idea how I got there."
"So, no ransom or any other demands prior to your daughter's release?"
"Not a one." Benjamin said.
Officer Burns continued to write for a moment and then said. "If you could read this over, sir, and if its correct sign your name at the bottom." He handed his clipboard to Benjamin.
Benjamin read the report, signed his name and then handed the clipboard back.
Officer Burns closed the case on the clipboard. "Well, I think we have everything we need. You should all be extra aware of your surroundings for awhile, just to be safe—never a bad idea anyway." He turned to me. "I'm sorry you had to go through this, but I'm glad you're safe. You're a lucky girl, this kind of thing doesn't usually turn out so well." He looked to Elizabeth. "Excuse my bluntness, ma'am, but I would suggest you have your daughter checked over by a doctor."
"Thank you. I was thinking the same thing." Elizabeth replied as she stood.
The two officer's also stood. "Well, thank you for talking to us." Officer Burns looked toward Benjamin. "You were very fortunate, I'm glad no one was hurt." He stuck out his hand and they shook hands.
"Thank you." Benjamin said as he led them to the door.
Jason looked at me, sighed with relief and then followed Benjamin, Officer Burns and his partner out onto the porch.
When they were out of sight, Elizabeth hugged me. "That went well."
"I hope." I said, as Officer Burns' partner spoke. "If you don't mind my asking, isn't this the house that burned down this summer?"
"Yes," Benjamin said, "yes it was."
"Wasn't it ruled arson?" The officer continued.
"I don't recall." Benjamin said, hesitantly.
"You don't think the fire and your daughter's abduction were related in anyway, do you?"
"You said yourself, that Izzy's abduction was probably a random act."
"I don't believe that's what I said. We'll send a squad car by for the next few weeks—you know, keep an extra eye out. You folks have been through enough." 
There was a pause and then Officer Burns said, "You did a nice job on the reconstruction, a real piece of art, like something right out of the history books."
"Thank you gentlemen."
A pair of footsteps descended the steps.
"You think the girl's okay?" the partner whispered.
"Yeah, I think she's fine. Did you see the size of the hickey on Jason's neck?"
"Yeah—to be young again, right?" The engine started and the police drove away.
Chapter 24
Monday morning was fast approaching. Jason would be here at any minute to pick me up. I wasn't too worried about the human blood part of returning to school—if I could handle Jason, I could handle anyone. No, it was the probing stares, the questions—assumptions, that's what I was worried about. When I heard Jason's Rover turn the corner into our driveway, I was out the door and met him halfway to the house.
Jason stopped and swung the passenger's door open. "Anxious much?"
"More like nervous."
"You're going to be fine, you'll see. I know everyone is going to be so glad you're back—so relieved you're okay. I mean the halls are going to be a parade of smiling faces."
"You really think so?" I slid onto the passenger's seat and then closed the door.
"Wow!" Jason bobbed his brow, leaned over and gave me a quick kiss. "Did I tell you how totally hot you look?"
"More like cold."
"Fire and ice—hey, that should be like our new motto, fire and ice."
"Well, based on what you just said about me, that would make you ice—I can't picture it." I leaned over and gave him a much more passionate kiss, not just a quick peck on the lips. "No, you're definitely the fire."
"Funny, I was thinking the same thing about you." he said.
"School?" I prompted.
"Oh, right."
Jason did a donut in the gravel—even went around a second time for good measure—and we headed for school. I didn't take my eyes off Jason the entire drive. Finally, we pulled to a stop in the parking lot. We both took an anxious breath.
"You okay?" Jason said, looking over at me.
"Sure." I replied in a doubtful tone that he seemed to pick up on.
"Obviously word has gotten around that you're okay, but I told Matt, Alex, Cathy, even Lisa to spread the word around to go easy—give you some space."
"You did that?"
"I hope you don't mind."
I reached across the console and stroked his cheek. "Thank you."
"You sure?"
"Absolutely, I just want things to go back to normal—like they were before."
Jason smiled. "I think everyone wants that." He climbed out of the Rover and then went around and opened my door. He offered me his arm. "Ready?"
I took a breath—I'd grown so accustom to human habits. "Yep, lets do this."
As we walked arm-in-arm toward the school, two cars pulled into the parking lot and honked. We both waved as they passed.
"I was thinking maybe our first stop should be Ms. Moore's, what do you think?"
"Sure, I'd love to see her."
Jason smiled briefly like he'd made the right decision. "I can't tell you how worried she was for you—like you were her own daughter—seriously. Oh, and I think Mrs. Snyder is going to be here today."
"Why wouldn't she be?"
Jason's expression turned sullen and we came to a stop on the sidewalk. "She got hurt when you were abducted—real bad."
"How bad?"
"She was behind the doors when that monster burst through into the gym with you. The door crushed her against the wall."
"Welcome back." Cathy said as she ran toward us, but she pulled up when she got close. "You were telling her about Mrs. Snyder?"
"Yeah, this is one of her days in, isn't it?" Jason said to Cathy.
"She wouldn't miss it." Cathy said. I saw the van that brings her over by the other entrance, I think she's here. We should go see her." She turned to me. "Did Jason tell you what he did?"
"No." I looked over at him, but he just shrugged and made no effort to explain.
"He saved her life," Cathy said, "that's what he did."
"How?" I asked Jason.
"She stopped breathing, I just got her going again, that's all—it's not like you wouldn't have done the same if you could have." He winked.
I remembered the night when I'd done the same for his mother. "I'm so glad you were there to help her."
"Come on," Cathy said, "let's go see her."
We followed Cathy around to the entrance on the far side of the school. The door was still unlocked, so we slipped inside and followed Cathy to the art room.
"Hello?" Cathy said, slowly opening the door. "Anyone home?"
"Is that you, Cathy?"
"I have a surprise for you Mrs. Snyder." Cathy said as she motioned us to follow her into the room.
"Jason, it's so nice to see—" she stopped in mid sentence. "Izzy?"
"Hi, Mrs. Snyder."
"Oh my." Tears began streaming down her face. "Is it really you?"
I nodded. "Yep, it's me." I posed—hands out to the sides.
"I thought—but I heard—but I thought it was impossible—you're safe, you're really safe."
I knelt down next to her wheelchair. "I'm so sorry this happened to you."
She smiled. "It's not your fault. I'm just glad you're safe."
"I'm sorry I can't stay long." I said. "I want to go see Ms. Moore. Will you be here for class? Jason said you usually just do half days."
"I'll be here." she said with confidence. "I wish I could see Ms. Moore's face when she sees you."
I looked up at Jason. "Do you mind?"
"No, go for it." he said.
I turned back to Mrs. Snyder. "Well, lets go." I stepped in behind her wheelchair and then gently pushed her out into the hallway. Jason and Cathy followed behind us.
Cathy's mom stood as we entered the outer office. "So nice to see the two of you. Welcome back, Izzy." she said. She smiled, and added, "She's in her office."
"Thanks." I said. The door was open so I pushed Mrs. Snyder's wheelchair into Ms. Moore's office. I could see Ms. Moore's smile in the window when she saw Mrs. Snyder, but her face suddenly froze as I stepped into her office.
"Izzy?" Her voice was filled with disbelief.
I curtsied. "Yep, all me, safe and sound."
Ms. Moore sank back down on her chair. "Thank God you're alright. Would you sit with me?"
I stepped out from behind the wheelchair and then eased down onto the leather couch across from her desk.
"Well," Mrs. Snyder said, taking control of her wheelchair, "I'll let you two talk—I just had to see the expression on your face when you saw her." she said to Mrs. Moore. "I'll look forward to seeing you in class, Izzy. Welcome home." Mrs. Snyder rolled out of the office. Before the door closed, I heard her say, "Her expression was priceless."
Ms. Moore and I sat in silence for awhile, neither seeming to know quite where to begin. Ms. Moore's glow, slowly faded as concern replaced delight. "Are you okay, Izzy?"
"He didn't hurt me—not physically."
The relief in her face was obvious. "And emotionally?" She got up and came and sat with me on the couch. "How are you coping?"
"I'm better—not completely, but better. Jason's been a huge help, getting me to focus on moving forward."
"That's good. Moving forward is important, but you also need to deal with what happened—it's part of the healing process." She shook her head. "Poor Jason, he was so emotionally distraught over what happened to you. His concern even manifested itself physically."
"What do you mean?"
"The poor boy was ghostly white. Coach Singleton had to stop him from practicing, he missed school one day and I sent him home early once. I was really worried for him." Did he tell you we talked—right here, like you and I do?"
"No."
"Well, it's difficult for boys to show vulnerability—I know, it's silly, but none-the-less, the truth. Honestly though, I think the entire school—community was afraid for you."
It took a moment for that to sink in. No one outside of a few people even knew me except for as Jason's girlfriend. "I'm nervous about class." I finally said.
"I see. Do you know why?"
I nodded, but hesitated.
"I know this is difficult—I can't begin to imagine what it was like for you, but I know my students and they only want to help."
"It's not that, exactly. It's the stares, the questions, and well the assumptions."
I could see the concern in her eyes. "I guess there will be all of that." She thought for a moment. "Do you remember when you first started school here last year?"
"Yes." I replied, puzzled by the question.
"Weren't there, stares, questions and assumptions?"
"Sure, I guess, but I didn't care then."
Ms. Moore's concern was slowly replaced with a broad smile—it lit up her face.
"What?" I said.
"You have come so far—opened up so much since we first met. I'm so proud of you. Now then, it's perfectly natural for you to be apprehensive, but like I said, I think I know my students pretty well. Are you afraid you're not ready yet?"
"I don't know, I guess that's part of it." I'd been so focused on dealing with the human element I hadn't really though much about dealing with well, the human element.
"Tell you what, if you begin to feel like it's too much, you just excuse yourself from class and come and see me."
I followed her lead and we both stood. "Thank you, Ms. Moore."
It was obvious she wanted to hug me, but refrained. "I'm so glad you're okay, Izzy. You've become such an important part of our school and well, an important part of my life."
"Thank you." I gave her a quick hug being careful not to touch any skin or make my strength apparent.
Ms. Moore started crying.
"Thanks again," I said, "see ya."
Jason and Cathy were waiting in the front office, Alex had joined them, and beyond the windows, a small crowd had gathered in the hallway.
"It's okay," Jason said, putting his arm around me.
I glanced back. Ms. Moore was standing in her doorway and nodded.
"Okay." I mumbled. "If you say so."
Jason and I started toward the door, with Cathy and Alex right behind us. The kids stepped back as Jason opened the door. I couldn't help myself and looked for the closest escape route, just in case, as we stepped into the hallway.
"Welcome back." A kid I didn't know said.
And an echo of welcomes began from those around us. Jason was right, everyone was smiling.
I looked at the first kid that spoke—a girl. "Thank you."
Jason made a small gesture with his hand before wrapping his arm around my shoulder. As if it were some kind of signal, the kids started drifting off in different directions. Even so, everyone we passed, welcomed me back.
I got my books, and we started for Mrs. Burns class—my first period.
"That guy so did her," a voice behind me muttered, "and I bet she wanted it."
I turned—it was Dillon. He glared at me like he knew I heard him and didn't care.
"What?" Jason said.
"Nothing."
"Well, here we are. You going to be okay?"
"You'll be here after class?"
"Yep, no place I'd rather be."
I looked into the room. There were only a few students inside. "Okay, see you after class." I took a breath and walked into the classroom.
* * *
I sat back in the bleachers and recapped my first day back at school. I managed just fine as far as my thirst went, but I kind of knew that would be the case. Like I said, if I could manage Jason humanity would be no problem. The kids were nice, maybe too nice, but I was grateful. I figured in a few days, everything would fall back into a normal routine. I looked up when I heard footsteps on the bleachers.
"Cathy, what are you doing out here, you'll freeze."
She waited until she reached the top and sat down next to me before she replied. "Alex said I might want to see some of practice."
"Did he say why?"
"Nope. I bet Coach Singleton was glad to see you back."
"Yeah, everyone's been extra nice."
"Sounds like there's a 'but' in there." Cathy looked up. "Oh hey, here they come."
I stood.
"Where you going?"
"I thought I'd go down to the fence to watch, don't you want to be closer?"
"Sure, but they're going to practice on the stadium field today."
"Really?" I sat back down on the bleacher as the team followed Coach Singleton though the gates at the far end, closest to the school. Coach waved as he passed—so did the rest of the team.
"That was nice." Cathy said.
"Yeah, it was."
The team did two laps around the track to warm up, and then gathered around Coach. He looked up at me before giving them a little speech. He talked about how proud of them he was, how hard they had worked and that win or lose he wanted them to walk off the field on Saturday knowing they had given their all. He again looked up at me and Cathy. He didn't say anything, just stood there. Jason and Alex were first, then Matt as one-by-one the team stood and turned toward us. At first it was a bit disconcerting, but it became kind of a renewal of our unspoken bond.
I grabbed Cathy under the arm, and pulled her to her feet with me. "Go Warrior's." I said and then looked to Cathy.
"Go Warrior's!" We both yelled.
The team, pounded their fists against their heart, raised them above their heads and then pointed toward us.
"Alright," Coach said, "lets get to it."
Cathy and I sat back down as practice began.
"You think that's what Alex was talking about?" I ventured.
"Probably. It was pretty cool, right?"
"Oh, definitely."
Practice seemed normal enough—oh, maybe a little more intense, but nothing dramatically different than usual except, Jason only took a few snaps as quarterback. That was hard for me, because I knew it was my fault. I could only imagine how difficult it was for him. Cathy left with her mom about an hour into practice.
The lights were on since the sun set early now—probably why they were practicing on the stadium field, but finally, Coach sent the team to run a few laps, gave them a little pep talk when they finished and then sent them to the locker room. I walked down the bleachers and started toward the school.
"Did I tell you how glad I am to have you back, safe an sound?" Coach said as he walked up next to me.
"Yes you did—in class, but thanks, it feels good to be back." We walked about halfway to school. "Coach?"
"Yes."
"Are you punishing Jason for helping me?"
"What?" He stopped dead in his tracks.
"It was my fault—"
"Hold on there a minute. First, I am not punishing Jason for helping you. I would never do that."
"Then why?"
"Football is not about one player, no matter how good he is, and decisions come with consequences—even the right ones." He stopped as if considering. "Listen, Izzy, I admire Jason, and what he did, whatever that was—I'm so proud of him for the choices he's made in real tough situations both this year and last. He's a fine young man—got his head on straight if you know what I mean."
"Yes, I do."
"Izzy, football is more than just a game, it's about life. It teaches young men responsibility, teamwork, how to win, how to lose and how to make sacrifices for what they believe in. Jason made a choice—the right choice—and he knew it came at a price. Without 'the price', there's no sacrifice—it diminishes what he did. Do you see what I'm getting at?"
"Yes, but Coach, this was my fault, he was trying to help me."
"I know. Like I said, he made the right choice."
"Then he'll get to play?"
"I'm not naive, our chances of winning without him are miniscule. He's going to sit out for most if not all of the first quarter and then he'll go in and do his thing. If—big if here, the trainer clears him to play."
"Thank you, Coach."
Coach started toward the school, but stopped. "Izzy, Jason knew he'd have to pay a price, maybe his football future, or even more—I know what he was doing, I saw the marks on his arms—"
"Coach—"
"I don't want to know." He shook his head. "The boy risked his life for you and didn't hesitate, not for a second, no matter what the cost. He was solely focused on rescuing you. In my book, no one can love anyone as much as he loves you." He smiled as if considering. "Well except maybe how much you love him."
Chapter 25
Jason's Rover rounded the corner to our driveway faster than usual. I knew he was excited, there was the game in Baltimore tomorrow and getting together with his mom for the first time since my rescue.
"Mom." I called upstairs.
"Be careful, dear." Elizabeth said, arriving next to me from the back of the house. "It's still very soon." She grabbed my jaw and turned my face to hers and stared into my eyes. Her expression was surprise—obviously she'd noticed the crimson rings were gone. "Please be careful, Izzy."
"I will, Mom."
She kissed me on the cheek. "Thank Nancy for the lovely flowers."
Out front, Jason's door closed.
I pulled her into an embrace. "I love you, Mom. Thank you for trusting me I know it hasn't always been easy."
"You are a remarkable young woman, I know there are great things in your future." She pulled back. "Now go have some fun, but—"
"Be careful." I finished for her. "I know. Goodnight."
I opened the door, just as Jason knocked. He looked surprised, but tapped his fist lightly on my forehead.
"Anyone home?"
"Cute."
"Oh hi, Mrs. Faulkner." Jason said, looking past me into the foyer. "I won't keep Izzy out too late, promise."
"Is your big game tomorrow?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Well good luck, we will all be rooting for you."
"Thanks. By the way, exactly how late is too late?"
"Jason." I warned and then turned back to Mom. "Don't worry, I'm not going to keep him up late before his big game."
"I should hope not."
Elizabeth remained in the doorway as Jason and I ran down to the Rover.
By the time we turned onto the street where Jason lived, the moon was up. It wasn't full, but close. It was going to be one of those cold, crisp, clear nights bathed in moonlight—beautiful and exhilarating.
"You nervous?" Jason asked.
"Should I be?"
"Nah, but like I said, Mom is different since—well—since you were abducted."
"Because of how it affected you, right?"
"Sure, that's part of it—I mean she saw first hand just how much you mean to me, but it's more than that."
"Like?" I prompted.
"I don't know for sure, she just really empathized with you during your ordeal. I mean, like I said, she kept telling me to get out there and help find you. And you know Mom, she was in prayer mode the entire time." Jason pulled to a stop in the driveway, next to his mom's car. "Ready?"
Jason's mom burst through the back doorway and started down the steps, but stopped halfway. I noticed her visual exchange with Jason. They'd discussed our reunion. We both climbed out of the Rover and started toward her. Jason scooted in close and put his arm around me.
As we got close to the bottom of the stairs, Jason's mom just couldn't contain her enthusiasm any longer and rushed down the stairs. She threw her arms around me and gave me a hug—I now knew why Jason had insisted I wear a heavy winter coat. Even so, she looked a little surprised. 
"Mom." Jason complained.
Jason's mom stepped back. "I'm so happy you're safe. I don't have to tell you how frightened the two of us were for you. Oh, you look so beautiful tonight."
"Thank you," I said, I think it's the moonlight, the way it reflects off my hair."
"Well, it's beautiful, a nice touch of shimmer." She glanced at Jason for approval. "I'm being rude, please, come inside and make yourself at home. How is Elizabeth?"
"She's good. She wanted me to thank you for the flowers, they were so sweet of you."
Jason and I followed his mom up the stairs and into the kitchen.
"Nonsense, it was the least I could do under the circumstances. Why don't you kids make yourself comfortable in the family room? I'll get some chips and soda."
"Thank you."
Jason plopped down on the couch and pulled me down next to him. "See? I told you." he whispered.
"Are you sure she's okay?"
"Here we go." Jason's mom set out a tray with two soda's and a bowl of chips with some kind of salsa dip. She sat down in the chair next to the fireplace—the one under my human photograph.  "So, are you going to try and make the game tomorrow?"
"Absolutely."
"Would you like to ride with me?"
"Actually, I was planning on riding with Cathy—but I guess—"
"Let me give Mrs. Hall a call—if that's okay with you? The trip can be a bit expensive with gas and parking in the city."
"Sure, that'd be great."
"Alright then, I'll be right back." She got up. "I'll make the call from upstairs." She winked and walked over to the staircase. She paused a moment with this kind of admiration in her eyes as she looked over at us, and then, without saying another word, went upstairs.
"Wow." I said.
Jason slipped his hand though the hair at the back of my neck and pulled me into an amazing kiss. All my senses responded—thirst and longing. I pressed my lips more forcefully against his. I let my senses simmer and then slowly rise to a boil before I pulled back.
"Wow." Jason said, flopping back against the couch. "Now that was a kiss. Think we're talking a cold shower before bed."
"Sorry."
"You kidin'?"
"Your mom's coming." I said as she started down the steps.
Jason grabbed a pillow and stuffed it in his lap.
I slugged him in the shoulder playfully. "Not funny."
Jason pretended I hurt him and grabbed his shoulder. "Oh, please, not the arm."
"Well," Jason's mom said walking into the room, headed back to the chair by the fireplace. "it's all arranged. We're all going to ride together. Cathy and her mom will pick us up at the school at nine o'clock so we can give the team a proper sendoff, then we'll follow the bus to the Raven's stadium in Baltimore. Mrs. Hall said she and Cathy went to the Inner Harbor over the summer and knew a good—safe place to park. How does that sound?"
"Ah, incredibly generous." I said. "Thank you."
"Wonderful. Do you want me to pick you up, or would you prefer to meet us at the school?"
"I'm going to pick her up in the morning, Mom." Jason said.
"Won't that be a distract—"
"The opposite."
She smiled. "Yes, I can see that. Well, you two kids have fun, I'll see you tomorrow. Not too late, Jason."
"Don't worry Mrs. Whitaker, I'll make sure of it."
We waited until she'd gone into her room and then almost leapt into one another's arms. After a great deal of kissing, Jason rolled us over on our sides, me against the back of the couch.
"So," he said, "I have a question."
"Okay." I replied, hesitantly. There was something inquisitive in his voice.
"Does your kind get married?"
"What?"
"Do vampires get married—you know, like for example are Benjamin and Elizabeth married?"
"Uh, well, I don't know exactly. Marriage is kind of a religious bond, not really our thing, so I don't imagine they are."
"Hugh."
"Dare I ask why?"
"Just wondering."
"Jason, don't let that pretty head of yours get any crazy ideas." I sat up. "I like where we are, don't you?"
"You mean the till my death do us part, thing?"
"Jason." I warned. "This is not the time—you have the game tomorrow—maybe even your football future."
"Yeah, I know."
"Focus, Jason. Focus on the game. We're fine—more than fine." I pressed forward and kissed him and then pushed him off the couch. He landed flat on his back and groaned.
"Hope this isn't a precursor for tomorrow."
I slid off the sofa on top of him. "Really?"
"Well, not this part."
I let him pull me down into another long, beautiful, loving kiss.
* * *
What started out as an awkward car ride to Baltimore got better as the city came into view. It was fun to send off the team—there was a huge crowd at the school and it was obvious Coach and the team appreciated it. I completely understood Cathy and her mom's awkwardness and Jason's mom was just being careful about what she said. Truth is, they were treating me like an emotional China doll.
We parked not far from the Inner Harbor and made the short walk to the stadium. It was cold for mid November and the wind whipping through the stadium made it worse for everyone, except me of course.
"Are you sure you're not cold?" Jason's mom said. "I have another blanket."
"Thank you, but I'm fine." I looked over at Cathy who was shivering already.
"Here you go." Jason's mom tossed the blanket up to Cathy—the moms were sitting in front of Cathy and I. "I wonder when they'll start?"
"The other game was over almost twenty minutes ago." Cathy's mom said.
According to the large video screen, all of the various Maryland division state finals were being played in the stadium, today.
Cathy leaned over to me. "Shouldn't you be down on the field so you can do that touch the players helmets thing?"
"Coach said they don't allow spectators on the field." I shrugged. "It's not that big a deal."
"If you say so." Cathy didn't sound convinced at all. "Oh look, here they come." She pointed toward the tunnel on our side of the end zone.
"They must be so excited to play in a professional stadium." I said.
"There he is!" Jason's mom said, standing to wave at Jason. "And there's Alex." She looked down the row and waved to Alex's mom and dad who responded with a thumbs up.
When I looked over, Cathy was shaking her head. "What's wrong?"
"They're wrong—they're not in the right place to play."
"By 'place' you mean mentally? How do you—" I remembered her mental perception gift. "Is it my fault—because Jason isn't starting?"
"No, no I don't think so. They seem overwhelmed." She crossed her fingers. "Lets hope I'm wrong."
We won the coin toss, but Coach deferred to the second half. I knew it was because Jason would be in the game by then. I also knew Coach thought we might be behind. We kicked off and the coverage team held them inside their own fifteen yard line. We gave up a few first downs, but the defense held and forced a punt.
Alex muffed the punt and by the time he got the ball under control, he was tackled inside our ten yard line. The offense took the field without Jason.
"Who's the quarterback?" I asked Cathy.
"Brett." I think.
"Brett Conner." Mrs. Hall said.
Brett had trouble with the first snap and got tackled at the four yard line. He managed the next one, but by the time he handed it off, Matt was gang tackled at the two making it third and eighteen. When they lined up to run the third down play, Jason started running up the sidelines toward the Coach yelling, "Time out! Time out!"
Coach got the side official's attention and called a timeout. He and Jason talked for a moment and then Jason trotted out on the field with the water girls. All the Warrior fans stood and cheered.
Brett started for the sidelines, but Jason stopped him.
"I thought you said—" Cathy started.
"Wait." I cut her off as I strained to hear what they were saying over the crowd.
Finally, Coach walked out to the two boys and patted them both on the back. Jason bumped fists with Brett and returned to the sideline with Coach. The crowd quieted.
"What just happened?" Cathy said.
I tapped Jason's mom on the shoulder to make sure she could hear what I said to Cathy. "Jason just went out to calm Brett down and tell him what the play was. He explained it in every detail including what to watch for from the defense."
"How—" Jason's mom stopped and looked back with a proud smile. "That sounds like something he would do."
I smiled back. "Classic teammate, Jason." I said.
At the snap of the ball, Brett rolled to the right with Matt in front of him for protection in case he optioned to run. Alex came across the field at the twenty yard line, wide open. Brett hit him with a wobbly pass for the first down. We all stood and cheered.
Jason's mom looked back at me. "Did you see how high Jason jumped?"
I nodded. I didn't need to say anything, her proud face said it all.
Jason's unselfish act really seemed to help Brett and he did a good job from that point on. The game was scoreless at the end of the first quarter. Halfway through the second quarter—still with no score—I realized our defense was on the field most of the time. Ultimately that would be a bad thing—they would wear down physically.
Jason was pacing although I doubted he realized it. He only glanced up at us once, but I couldn't read his expression though I knew he was worried—anxious. If they lost, he would blame himself even though it was my fault. Suddenly, everyone stood as Matt dove in front of a pass to intercept it. The pass bounced off his shoulder pads, up into the air, then off one of their receivers and into the hands of another one of their players. He sprinted down the sideline and scored. The point after was good, we trailed 0-7.
While the team lined up to receive the kickoff, Jason went behind the bench and started throwing, but our offense took the field without him. Even so, Jason kept throwing. It was obvious by the snap in his arm that he was angry—that was my fault. I felt like I knew Coach—like Jason always said, 'he was one of the good guys', but would he lose his chance at a state championship, Jason's, the team's, all on my account? I felt the eyes of the Warrior fans bearing down on me—they were right, Coach was right, this was my fault.
I didn't see the rest of the second quarter. I glanced up at the scoreboard as the first half came to an end. We were trailing 0-10. Jason's mom startled me as she patted my knee—she'd slid around to face me. Cathy and her mom were gone.
"They went for hot chocolate." Jason's mom said. "Would you like some?"
I glanced up at her and saw the empathy in her face.
"This isn't your fault, Izzy."
"Yes it is, all of it." I muttered.
She forced a smile. "I don't know exactly what all Jason did to save you, although I have a pretty good idea what he did to himself. I could have stopped him—I probably should have, it was dangerous, but I didn't." She patted my knee again. "Do you know why?"
"Because you prayed?"
"Not exactly. Yes, I prayed every night. I prayed for your safe return. I prayed for Jason's health, for him to make the right decision, but not once did I pray for him to win or even play this game."
"Why? Isn't that what you want—for him to be happy?" I pointed down from where we were sitting. "Those scouts are his future and he hasn't even taken the field because of me."
She looked down to where I gestured and then back at me. "Football isn't his future, you are."
"I doubt it, if I make him lose everything he's worked so hard for."
"You are what he's worked so hard for, don't you see that? I've never seen him work so hard, so strongly, so devotedly as he has worked for you, the two of you."
"Izzy!" Cathy yelled from the bottom of our section. She waved for me to come when I looked up. Mrs. Hall was halfway up the aisle with two cups of steaming coffee.
"Love is being there for each other, no matter what life throws at you, but I don't have to tell you that, I see the way the two of you look at one another." Jason's mom said.
"Here we go." Mrs. Hall said as she got to Jason's mom's row. She looked at me. "Oh now don't fret, hon. Cathy has a surprise—go on."
"Thank you Mrs. Whitaker, I hope you're right."
Cathy's mom spoke as I started down the aisle. "What on earth was that all about? The two of you looked so serious."
"She's worried about Jason." his mom said.
"After all she's been though, she's something special."
"That she is."
Cathy led me over to the tunnel where the team went into the locker room and then pushed our way though the crowd of kids to the railing.
"What are we doing?" I asked.
"You have to do your hand thing with them—trust me, they need it." Cathy's eyes brightened. "Here they come! Quick, lean over the rail."
Jason, Alex and Matt appeared just inside the tunnel.
"Up here! Up here!" Cathy yelled.
I stooped down, and extended my hand through the railing as far as I could. The boy's faces lit up and the entire team started taking off their helmets.
"What's going on?" Coach's voice boomed as he pushed through the team to the front of the line, but his scowl vanished when he saw me and Cathy. "Well," he said to the team, "don't just stand there."
Jason led them past me, helmet held over his head so with a little jump, it touched my hand. "I love you." I called after him.
"Jeez." Matt said as he slapped his helmet against my hand.
One-by-one the entire team ran by, touching their helmet to my outstretched hand.
"Come on." Cathy said as the last one past. "Lets get back to our seats."
We raced up the steps—human speed—and got to our seats as our opponents kicked off to start the second half.
Alex caught the ball on a dead run and made it all the way to their forty-five yard line thanks to a key block. The offense took the field quickly. Jason was with them, but didn't lineup at the quarterback position. The defense was hardly set when Brett took the snap. He faked a running play to the inside as Jason peeled back from the line of scrimmage. Once he was behind Brett, Brett threw him the ball. Jason took one step and launched a rocket down the field. The excitement in the stands erupted as we all spotted Alex running down the sideline, wide open. He caught the ball in stride and cruised into the end zone untouched.
I tapped Jason's mom on the shoulder and then pointed toward the scouts. "Look, look, they're writing in their little binders."
"Didn't anyone tell you? My son has an angel on his shoulder." She winked.
We all jumped up and cheered.
"Look." Cathy's mom said, pointing toward the original line of scrimmage as Jason and Brett slapped five and then jogged over to the sideline.
Coach met them with a huge bear hug. You could feel the electricity on the sideline, they were back—Jason led them back.
"Told you." Cathy said.
Our defense held their offense to a three and out after the kickoff. It looked like they intentionally punted the ball away from Alex, but it went out of bounds at midfield. Jason led us down the field in six plays, passing, handing it off and running when necessary. Jason ran the ball in for the go ahead touchdown. The opposing team looked shell-shocked. The rest of the third quarter looked like an exhibition as Jason led the team to three more touchdowns—the scouts were on at least their second page now.
In the fourth quarter Jason and Brett shared time at quarterback and Brett did much better. With the pressure off, he looked really good—not my Jason good, but really good. I was so happy for Coach, it looked like he would have a quarterback to help defend his state title.
"Five, four, three, two, one!" We all counted down the seconds to the end of the game.
Cathy and I hugged, then I gave Jason's mom a careful hug. Before I noticed, Cathy's mom grabbed my hands to pull me down for a hug.
"Gracious, you're freezing." she said as I pulled my hands back. "Let Izzy have the blanket." she said to Cathy.
Cathy winked and handed me the blanket.
"Thanks." I winked back.
"Oh look." Cathy's mom said, pointing down to the railing at the edge of the field.
Several scouts were crowded around Jason and several others were talking to Alex and Matt. Jason's mom and I exchanged a smile.
"We shouldn't?" she said.
"He's earned this." I replied.
She nodded. "Yes, yes he has."
"Well come on," Cathy's mom said, "we don't have all day if we're going to get back before the bus."
"We don't have to hurry on my account." Jason's mom said.
"Oh yes we do. Big things happening back at the school." Cathy's mom hurried us out of our seats and down the bleachers.
I caught Jason's eye just long enough to throw him a kiss before Cathy's mom swept us into the tunnel. As it was, we beat most of the traffic out of the city. We stopped at the first rest stop along Route 70. Cathy and Jason's mom's switched places before we left, Jason's mom was driving so Cathy's mom could use the phone. From what we could hear of her end of the conversations, half of Boonsboro was going to be at the school.
Chapter 26
By the time we got back to Boonsboro, there was a light snow falling. Cathy's mom wasn't kidding though, despite the weather, the parking lot was full. Since there was no place to park, I offered to park the car after we dropped everyone off. I could tell Cathy wanted to come with me, but despite the long ride, she still hadn't thawed out. I'd just parked when the bus turned up the road toward the school. I quickly got out and waved as they passed—the first to greet the hometown heroes—my hero.
The boys waved, but as the bus passed, the brake lights suddenly lit up the late afternoon haze. The doors opened and Coach popped his head out.
"That you, Izzy?"
"Hey Coach." I yelled back.
"Well come on." He waved me toward the bus.
I thought back to Jason's mom and my exchange back at the stadium. "No, that's okay, you go ahead, I'll catch up."
Coach ducked his head back in the bus, not thinking I could hear what he was saying. "That young lady of yours is being hard headed again."
The backdoor opened and Jason climbed over a pile of equipment bags and dropped down to the pavement. He slammed the door and then turned toward me. He looked angry, but I knew he wasn't.
"I don't want to spoil your triumphant return." I yelled.
He pulled his shoulders up, head down and started a determined march toward me. Maybe he was angry. The snow flurries had turned into a real snow storm, but I was melting, burning up inside. Jason was wearing that long-sleeved, white, second skin—the one that left nothing of his sculpted chest to the imagination.
"Oh." I purred.
His legs were covered by Warrior blue sweats and his white socks were stuffed into a pair of those athletic sandals. By the time he got to me, he had a light covering of snow on his hair, but his face was stern.
I shook the snow out of my hair. "I don't want—"
He kissed me. His teammates hooted and hollered from the bus. Without so much as a word, he scooped me up in his arms and started back toward the bus. I wrapped my arms around him, resting my head against his chest. We arrived at the door to the bus all too soon.
Jason set me down on my feet. "After you."
I climbed the stairs to Coach's embrace and a flurry of cheers.
"Congratulations, Coach."
I've never seen a bigger smile and his joy was infectious. I gave him another hug.
Jason climbed the stairs behind me and the bus driver closed the doors. Jason turned me toward the aisle down the center of the bus. "Well, what are you waiting for?"
I pushed back against him overwhelmed by the strong male scent."
"Open up some windows, guys." Jason yelled. "It smells like a locker room in here."
The bus driver opened the door and started forward as a bunch of the players lowered their windows. The testosterone dissipated quickly. Jason leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "They'll just think your hands are cold."
"Right."
I put both my hands up and started down the aisle. Jason held me at my waist for balance although he knew it wasn't necessary. One-by-one the boys slapped five with me as I congratulated them.
"Afraid that ain't gonna do," Matt said when I got to him. He stood and wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug. "Tell you what, if me and Lisa weren't an item, I'd give that scrawny quarterback of yours a run for his money."
I patted Matt's cheek. "Not a chance."
The boys around us burst out laughing.
Jason and I made it to the back by the time the bus pulled up to the school.
"The locker room is over there." One of the boys at the front of the bus said to the driver as he pointed to the far end of the parking lot.
"We're going in through the gym." Coach said to the boy and then turned to the rest of us. "We're going in through the gym. Drop your bags just inside and act—well just enjoy the moment."
The boys started to get off the bus.
"What's he talking about?" Jason said to me.
"Yeah," Matt added as he and Alex joined us.
I pointed out the window. "Didn't you notice?"
"Yeah, so it's snowing." Matt said, stating the obvious.
"I think she means all the cars." Alex said.
I nodded with a big smile. "Party time!"
"That's what I'm talking about." Matt headed for the exit, whisking Lisa along with him.
"Shall we?" Alex said.
"After you, man, after you." Jason replied.
We followed Alex down the narrow aisle and then down the steps onto the sidewalk. Alex looked to either side.
"She's waiting inside for you." I said.
Alex looked back with a big grin and then raced into the gymnasium.
Jason leaned down and kissed me.
I pushed back after a short moment—much shorter than I would have liked. "Afterwards, Jason—for me, please."
"Mom put you up to this?" He sulked.
"No, I actually think she'd prefer we walked in together, but this is your moment—" I pressed my fingers across his lips as he tried to object. "This is for you. I'll slip in behind you—I won't be far. Just say the word and I'll be there with you."
"I love you. I gotta be the luckiest guy in the entire world." He kissed me again and then pressed the door open to a flurry of flashes.
I waited until the commotion moved away from the doors and slipped inside. The bleachers and gym floor were packed—hot and the human element intense—I would have to stay close to the door. The team gathered in the middle of the gym floor, right on top of the Warrior logo and he cheerleaders lined up to do a cheer. Lisa stopped them when she spotted me.
She ran over to where I was standing. "Come on, you deserve this too."
I knew it would be pointless to argue so I followed her toward the team. "You mind if I do the cheer with you?" I said.
"Do you know the one that goes with the fight song?"
"Yeah, I do."
"Cool. You stand next to me."
"Don't you lead the cheer."
"Exactly."
We lined up, me next to Lisa, but when I tried to ease back in line with the other girls, one of them pushed me back up with Lisa. The band started and we did the fight song. Everyone started cheering when we finished.
"Nice." Lisa said when we were finished.
"Impressed, right?" I joked.
"Yeah. I wish you would have been on the team with me."
"Thanks, that's nice of you to say."
"No, I mean it. You're really a nice person. I hope we get to know each other better the rest of the year." The football team started one of their chants. "Gotta run. See ya."
I took advantage and moved back closer to the doors. One of the janitors had opened them and there was a cool—human cold breeze blowing in. I inhaled deeply.
"It gets hot quickly when there are so many bodies packed in like this." Jason's mom said, walking up near me, but keeping her distance from the open door.
"It does."
"I'm sorry you didn't come in with Jason, I was hoping for a picture of the two of you."
"It was Jason's moment."
"I meant what I said about the two of you earlier."
"I know, it was really sweet of you."
"Mrs. Hall said there's never been an outpouring of support like this as far back as she can remember." Jason's mom said to change the subject.
"You must be so proud."
"Yes, it's all a parent really wants is to see their child happy and successful."
"Did you get to talk to him? What did the scouts say?"
"No, not yet—there will be time for that later, right now I just want him to revel in the moment."
"I'm sorry his father couldn't be here to see this." I said.
"Tom would have loved it." She moved closer to the doors and the cold air to keep from crying, but I could see the tears in her eyes.
"I'm sure he would have."
We stood silently for a moment, watching the festivities and I'm sure she was collecting herself.
"You know something?" she said.
"What?"
"I think—after he got over how much of a distraction you are—Tom would have liked you too." She frowned. "I didn't mean that the way it sounded, it's just Jason's father was—lets say overly focused. I'm sure he would have grown, as I have, to adore you."
"I don't know what to say. Aren't you still afraid I'll ruin him?"
"No, I think you'll save him." She got up on tiptoes and peered across the room. "Want to go see if the boys left any food?"
"Sure." I took a deep breath before we left the cool outside air. 'Save him,' what did she mean by that?
* * *
The snow probably had a lot to do with it, but the crowd thinned out quickly. The players and parents were basically all that remained. It was really cool how the whole town came out to show their support both tonight and before the bus left, but whoa, did they leave a mess. The gym floor was covered with napkins, paper plates and empty Solo cups. I suddenly froze when I noticed the repairs to the gym door where Mrs. Snyder had almost been killed during my abduction.
"What is it?" Jason's mom said.
I started to back away.
Jason's mom glanced in the direction I was staring. "Oh my," she said, "is this the first time you've been back in the gym since—"
I nodded.
She put her arm around me and I let her lead me away toward the bleachers. Jason ran up as we sat down.
"What's wrong?" He knelt down in front of me.
"This is the first time she's been back in the gym." his mom said.
"You mean since the—ahh, how could I have been so stupid?" He looked up into my face. "Are you okay?"
I wanted to answer, but I couldn't—my voice wouldn't work.
He looked back across the gym and then to his mom. "It almost looks like that night. Mom, can you see if Mrs. Moore is still here? Coach will know."
"I'll be right back." She rushed off out of my view—I was staring at the floor."
Jason eased up onto the bleacher next to me—between me and what had happened. "Try not to think about it." he said.
I didn't move. I truly was frozen. All my senses had vaporized, like water to steam, floating aimlessly.
"I'll understand if you have to go. I hate seeing you like this. I'm so sorry—so selfish."
"No," I whispered, "you're none of those things."
"Do you want to go?" He started to stand.
"No."
Jason wrapped his arm around me. "It's going to be okay, no one can hurt you. I'm here to protect you." He paused. "Mom's coming with Coach and Ms. Moore. Are you okay with that?"
I nodded. "I think so." Barely came out.
"What happened? Coach said.
I glanced up as Jason pointed toward the doors to the hallway.
"Oh my." Ms. Moore gasped.
"We didn't realize." Jason's mom said. "We were just talking and then it must have all come crashing down on her, and then this—" It almost sounded like she was about to cry.
"Izzy," Ms. Moore said, "do you want us to call your parents?"
I slowly looked up into her face. By her reaction, I think she recognized the fear in mine.
"You said I needed to face what happened." I said in a whisper.
"Not now. Not here." Jason said, protectively.
I drew in a shallow breath. It wasn't thirst that I was afraid of, it was anger. I had no idea if I could control it, it wasn't like thirst at all, there were no warning signals.
"Izzy?" Jason said. "What do you want to do? Whatever you want."
I looked up into Jason's agonized face. I could see his mom's, Coach's and Ms. Moore's in my peripheral vision. I tried to keep the background out of focus by concentrating on Jason. "Besides my family, the four of you care about me the most. Will you help me with this?"
Jason looked to the others and then back to me. "Yes. What do you want us to do?"
"I want you to take me to the door." I said to Jason and then looked to the others. "Can you all come with us—think happy thoughts—you know, positive energy?"
"Yes." They all echoed.
Jason started to help me to my feet, but I sunk back down to the bleacher. "I'm being selfish, I could hurt you." I whispered.
"We'll go at your pace." Jason's mom said.
"You don't have to do this if you're not ready, but we're all here to support you." Ms. Moore added.
"You know I'm with you." Coach said. "You can do this."
I forced a smile. "Happy thoughts."
Jason helped me to my feet and then we began a slow trudge across the gym. I was still mostly looking at the floor.
"Step back." Ms. Moore said, then Coach said the same thing.
I slowly looked up. The team had formed a pathway to the door. As we passed, each player whispered encouragement. You got this—we got your back—you can do it—no one can hurt you with us here.
Even Lisa, "I know you can do this."
Jason's arm tightened around my waist as I moved my focus to the doorframe. "Are you okay?"
As I scanned up the side of the doorframe Jason explained the repairs in bland technical terms, taking the terror out of the entirety.
"New steel frame—probably eighteen gauge, some new mortar—sand and concrete, and a little paint—latex would be my guess." He squeezed me tighter.
I gathered my nerve and reached for the doorframe. When I hesitated, Jason's hand gently took mine and we touched the metal frame together. "It's just part of a door?"
"Pretty much." Jason said.
I looked around at Jason's mom, Coach, Cathy and her mom had joined them, and Ms. Moore. Their faces showed such hope, such anticipation. I turned to Ms. Moore. "It's just a door."
Ms. Moore shook her head, just a little.
"I know the awful things that started here, but this is just a door."
"My door." Mrs. Snyder said as she rolled her wheelchair up close to me.
I knelt down to her. "I'm so sorry for what happened to you on my account."
"Will you help me?" she asked.
"Anything." I said as I stood.
Mrs. Snyder lifted her legs out of the wheelchair and then folded the footrests out of the way. She looked up at me and extended her arms. "Help me up."
I stepped in close to her and helped her to her feet. She was still very shaky, but with my help managed to support her own weight. Jason stepped aside and let me help her to the door. Like me, she slowly reached out and touched the doorframe.
"Thank you, Izzy."
I eased her back onto her wheelchair. I knelt down, folded out the footrests and then set her feet on the pads. I looked into her face. "Are you alright?"
She tried to smile. "First and foremost, Izzy, you cannot blame yourself for what happened here. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, as were you." She took a labored breath. "For me, the physical injuries will take longer to heal than the emotional ones. I wish I could have been there for you—been more than just a teacher."
"You were—you are. Remember last year when I was so confused, so lost, you were there for me." I looked up at Jason. "Remember that early morning meeting you had with Jason and I?"
"That was such a disaster." she said.
"No, not at all. You helped bring us together. And the dance? Has there ever been a more beautiful chandelier?"
"You're a remarkable young lady."
I looked around us. "Only because people like all of you gave me a chance."
* * *
We ended up going back to Jason's house after the party at school, the snow—well the forecast for ten more inches overnight put the kibosh on going out to celebrate. Like the previous night, Jason's mom was well—overly accommodating. I couldn't help feel like I was taking Jason away from her. It was funny, in a way, I think she felt like she was monopolizing his time as well.
"Mom!" Jason yelled up the stairs. "We're going to take the Rover out to play in the snow and then I'm going to take Izzy home. "Mom?" he called again when she didn't answer. He glanced at me.
"She's okay. I think she wants to talk to you."
"Great."
"Really? After all she's done for you—for us?"
"You're right. Be right back." He ran up the stairs and then came back down a few minutes later. "She just wants us to be care—"
"I know."
"Right. Well, lets go have some fun."
Jason used a push broom to clear off the windshield and then we hopped in. There was already about eight inches of snow on the ground and it was still coming down hard. "I've been waiting for this moment ever since your dad gave me the Rover."
I reached over and squeezed his thigh. "This moment?" I pulled myself across the console onto his lap and kissed him.
"Did you forget, my mom said you were in a fragile state?"
I pressed my lips against his and kissed him even more passionately, if that was possible. His heart was racing. "Who's fragile?" I teased.
"Can we please play in the snow?"
I laughed and slid back over on my side. "Boys and their toys. Show me what you've got."
The Rover was pretty amazing in the snow and Jason was quite adept at driving—he said he learned from driving dune buggies in the desert sand and video games. We'd been out for several hours—well after midnight when he lost it on a tight turn on Moser Road. I lunged toward him to help, but we were already going down the embankment when I got hold of the steering wheel. It was still a good thing, I managed to miss two trees before we came to an abrupt stop. Jason was a good sport about it and took my help in stride.
"Well," he said, "now what? I don't think even the Rover can climb out of this ravine."
"We could make out."
"I'm serious."
"Don't you know where we are?"
Jason looked toward the in-dash GPS, but I covered the screen with my hand. "No cheating."
Jason looked around, but it was hard to see much through the icy windows and almost whiteout conditions outside. "Near your house."
"Yes, but you're guessing. The name Moser Road mean anything to you?"
He smiled. "Are you sure?"
"Absolutely."
Jason peered out the windshield, up our tracks toward the road above. "This is where Derrick ran you off the road." He grimaced. "And I got poison ivy."
"It was a storm, just like tonight, but a thunderstorm, not snow." I said.
"Did you hear that?" A roll of thunder echoed through the valley. "Of course you did. Can it really thunder snow?"
"I guess so." I said and scooted up on the console. "I'm not a fan of the console."
"Your Malibu was down here, so can I assume you can get us out?"
"You can."
Jason pulled me down and kissed me.
"Finally."
Chapter 27
A few weeks had passed since States. We had an awesome assembly to recognize the team's accomplishment. Ms. Moore presented Coach with the state championship banner and after all the players signed the back, Coach raised it up to the beam in the gym where it would hang permanently. He dedicated the win to hard work, determination and sacrifice. He told all the students that they were a part of the victory and that they should reflect back on this victory and what it took to accomplish when they faced obstacles in their lives. It really was an elegant speech.
The basketball coach really pressured Jason to play, but Jason decided he'd rather concentrate on his studies and who could argue with that—it was why we were here. Jason and I had settled down into a nice, blissful routine—it was an amazingly beautiful, tranquil time. We even made an effort to go out to the movies with Cathy and Alex, and Lisa and Matt. When I thought back to last year, that was pretty incredible by itself.
Jason and I were staying in with my family tonight. Elizabeth and Melanie had decided to have a formal family dance to celebrate Hayley's joining the family on a permanent basis. The girls all wore the traditional southern belle dresses and the men, their formal attire—even Jason rented an old fashion styled tux for the occasion. He surprised us all with a period correct playlist on his boombox for dancing.
During a break, Elizabeth brought out an assortment of crackers and canned soda's on ice for Jason.
"Thank you ma'am," Jason said, as he sat down on the sofa next to me.
I swear he'd been practicing the old southern dialect and seemed to be enjoying what I would describe as role playing.
"You're quite welcome."
"Any of you heard of a town called Clemson?" Jason said during a lull in the conversation. "It's in South Carolina."
"Ah, yes," Benjamin nodded, "in the foothills of the Appalachians I believe."
"Exactly. It's a small town in a very rural part of the state—lots of wide open spaces and game."
"What brought that up?" I asked.
"There's a university there, Clemson University, I got a letter from their Athletic Department yesterday—"
I slapped his shoulder. "And you didn't tell me?"
"I wanted it to be a surprise."
"Did they offer you a football scholarship?" I pressed.
"Not exactly. They said they saw me in the state final and liked what they saw."
"But?" I asked.
"They think I can play for them, but they have a limited number of scholarships and they wouldn't be able to offer me one—it's a big deal though, they're a Division I school, they play on the National level."
"Well, it can't be that big of a deal if they didn't offer you a scholarship." I concluded.
"They made it sound like if I proved myself, they might the following year. I mean, I understand, we're talking Maryland here, not really a prominent state for football recruits—heck it was just dumb luck they saw me at all, they were there to see and offensive lineman from another school."
"What about the school's academics?" Benjamin asked.
"That's just it, while they're known for their Agricultural Program, the have a really great Architecture Department, and well, after helping you with the house, sir, I'd like to give architecture a try."
Benjamin nodded. "Excellent choice. You are quite skilled at the design work involved." He chuckled. "Of course you would have to familiarize yourself with other forms of labor."
"Can you afford it?" I asked.
"I'm not sure. I'd probably have to work part time and well if I didn't get the scholarship the second year I'd have to transfer to a smaller school. It's a lot of pressure—putting all my eggs in one basket kind of thing."
"Doesn't Frostburg have an Architecture Department—they offered you a full scholarship." I said.
"Sure, that's still an option, but the game is sparse there."
"I fail to see what the local wildlife has to do with your decision." Elizabeth said.
Jason looked over to her. "It matters a great deal. I want Izzy to come with me."
Elizabeth tried to look concerned, but the corners of her lips turned upward.
"You didn't think I was going to just walk away when high school was over did you?" Jason continued when Elizabeth didn't respond. "Izzy and I are forever—well, my forever at least." He turned toward Benjamin. "Of course with your approval sir, ma'am."
"Ah," Hayley interjected, "why don't you just add Jason to the family—it's what he wants, right?"
I jumped up and spun around to her. "Not an option!"
"Okay, okay, I didn't realize." Hayley said, putting her hands up non-combatively.
"Sorry, it's a sensitive subject." I sat back down.
Jason pushed the play button on his boombox. "How about another dance?"
We danced for another hour at least. I think we were on the third time through Jason's playlist. Elizabeth and Benjamin had taught us a few new steps and Jason and I were actually pretty good. I did notice Benjamin and Elizabeth step out for a little bit.
"Probably my fault." Jason said. "I'm getting a little toasty under the collar."
I pulled in close and rested my head against his chest. "Yes, yes you are."
"Ah hum." Benjamin cleared his throat—totally unnecessary so something was up.
Jason leaned down and pressed the pause button. Melanie, Nathan, Hayley and Tink closed in around Jason and I. Benjamin and Elizabeth were standing arm-in-arm in the entranceway to the parlor. When it was quiet, Elizabeth tugged at Benjamin's arm.
"Jason," Benjamin said, "we would like to pay for your education. At Clemson if that is your choice."
"I couldn't—" Jason started.
"The family money is used for investment purposes and I believe you are an excellent investment. I cannot think of a better use for the money."
"Here, here." Tink said.
Nathan nodded approval while Melanie silently clapped like an excited little girl.
"You've done so much for me." Jason said. "I don't know what to say."
"Say yes." I said.
"One more thing." Elizabeth said. "As far as you and Izzy's relationship goes, we support the two of you one hundred percent. Of course the final decision lies with the two of you, but know we all support you and may I add, you are two remarkable young people."
"Yes! Yes!" I said, jumping into Jason's arms.
He set me down as Benjamin approached and extended his hand to shake. "Thank you, sir."
Benjamin pulled him into a short hug. "My pleasure, son."
Elizabeth approached us and extended her hand, palm down.
Jason looked at me confused.
"She wants you to kiss the back of her hand." I whispered.
Elizabeth smiled as Jason bowed and gently kissed the back of her hand. 
"Thank you, ma'am."
Elizabeth's face registered the intensity of Jason's touch. She backed away. "You'll excuse me." Benjamin followed her out through the back of the house.
We turned to the smiling faces of my family.
"Wow," Jason said softly, "anyone else?"
Melanie shook her head.
"No way," Hayley said, " Izzy already ruled out the joining the family thing."
* * *
Jason's mom took the news about Clemson in stride although it was obvious she'd hoped he was going to stay close. They'd talked about her moving south, but she wasn't ready to move again so soon—they left it as a possibility for later. Most surprisingly, she was truly glad I was going with him.
All along I hadn't given much thought to what would happen after high school, but now, Jason and I had a future and that glow inside—the one that happened when he was with me—a part of that was always there now.
It hadn't snowed since the big storm, but there were flurries in the forecast and according to Jason's mom, when the weatherman predicted flurries you'd better batten down the hatches—especially in December. We'd just finished our Saturday night board game with Jason's mom. She got up for her predictable trip to the sink.
"Oh look," she said, peering out the window, "it's starting to snow."
Jason ran over and flipped on the floodlights and then we joined her at the window.
"Wow, that was fast, it's already covered the grass." Jason said.
Jason's mom went to turn on the television to see what the weatherman had to say, which was kind of weird because she already said he was always wrong.
"Want to go for a walk?" Jason said. "What's wrong?" he whispered when he noticed my mood change.
"The snow makes hunting much more difficult."
"I always thought it made it easier—you know to track the game. Ah, footprints."
"Exactly. We already have to travel a long way to find suitable hunting grounds—the other side of the Potomac."
"Really, that far." He looked closely at my eyes.
"I'm fine, we hunted yesterday. How about downtown, they put the Christmas decorations up last week. I bet they're beautiful in the snow. Maybe you could take some pictures—something your mom could use for Christmas cards."
"Yeah, that's a great idea." He turned toward the family room. "Mom, we're going to go into town to see the decorations in the snow. I'll take some pictures."
"Oh that would be wonderful, I could use one for our Christmas card."
"That's what Izzy thought. Be right back." Jason ran upstairs to get his camera.
A few minutes later, he came stumbling down the stairs.
"In a hurry much?" I said.
"See you, Mom!"
"Be careful, the weatherman still thinks this is flurries."
* * *
Main Street was beautiful, a real winter wonderland. The city had put up Christmas lights on the telephone polls, snowflakes, candy canes, presents and Christmas trees. I guess most people believed the weatherman about as much as Jason mom, because the streets were deserted. We walked from one end of Main Street to the other, hand-in-hand.
We stopped at one of the few shops that was still open and Jason got a cup of hot chocolate to go. A snowplow went by as we stepped back out on the sidewalk.
"Check it out." Jason said motioning toward the lane where the snowplow had been. "There must be at least three inches already. Some flurries, huh?"
I wrapped my arm around him—he already had his around me and we started back toward the Rover. We stopped and helped push two cars that had gotten stuck at intersections because they had to stop for the traffic light. A serene quiet fell over us as the last one crested the hill and disappeared. The snow squeaked under foot and it was so quite I could hear the flakes hitting the ground.
I looked up at Jason's snow covered hair and imagined him in his mid fifties. Even graying he would be magnificent.
"What?" Jason said, looking down at me.
"You're beautiful. I love you so much I can't put it into words."
We stopped and Jason pulled off his gloves. "You don't have to." He leaned me back against a light poll, caressed my cheeks in his hands and kissed me.
I glanced up at the lighted Christmas tree on the poll over us and then closed my eyes and soaked in everything that was Jason. Neither of us opened our eyes until the scraping sound of a snowplow approached from the side road at the corner near where we were standing. We both glanced at it as it turned down the same lane that the other truck had already plowed. It stopped, and backed up past the intersection with this horrible beeping, then dropped the plow again and continued past us. In the distance, a pair of headlights crested the hill.
"Where were we? Right, I love you, Izzy Faulkner, with all my heart." He pulled me closer and we kissed again. This was truly heaven. I totally immersed myself in the moment.
Suddenly I heard the crunch of ice and at the same instant, the sound of a car engine and then—I was flying. Glass shattered all around me as I regained my awareness. I landed on the top of a storefront window Christmas display. "Jason!" I screamed. I looked to my right and left, but no Jason. In front of me, the crumpled remains of a small car—a ricer, wrapped around the pole where Jason and I had been standing—still no sign of Jason.
I launched myself out of the storefront into the front of the car. It shot across the street, ricocheting off a snow bank. Derrick—blood streaming down his face from a gash in his forehead stumbled out of the car. He took one look at me and ran. I looked down at the base of the poll and saw Jason's coat. I snatched it away, but no Jason.
"Jason! Jason!" Then I spotted him at the base of the building. I was instantly at his side. It was bad—real bad. There was no blood, except a little from his nose, but he wasn't breathing and his heartbeat was so faint. One of his legs was clearly broken, but the other one looked alright at least at first glance. I blew into his mouth, filling his lungs with air and then tore open his shirt. My heart ached as I ran my hands down his sides and realized how many bones were broken. I blew another breath into his lungs.
"Come on, Jason." I glanced up and down the empty street. A small, inconsequential fire erupted under the hood of Derrick's car, flickering in the steam from the radiator that engulfed the car.
I carefully straightened Jason's body out on the sidewalk. When I did, his heart stumbled and then stopped. "No!" I blew another breath into his lungs and gently put one hand on either side of his neck. A gentle squeeze confirmed my worst nightmare—Jason's spine was shattered. I did my best to align the pieces with my fingers and then gently applied traction. His heart started beating, but he still wasn't breathing on his own.
I blew another breath into his lungs. As it escaped, there was a gurgling sound—at least one of his lungs was pierced—probably from a broken rib. A tremor shook his body. I looked back up and down the still empty street. The engine in Derrick's car was now on fire, the heat blistering the paint on the twisted hood.
Could I keep Jason alive long enough to get him to the woods? Not by myself, I was the only thing keeping him alive—I was trapped. I'd swore to never change him, but this was never part of the equation.
"Come on, Jason, you can't leave me." I pulled a little harder on his neck and his heartbeat grew stronger. Another breath filled his lungs and this time I rested my head on his chest—it was his right lung that had fluid in it. In the distance, I heard the scraping of a snowplow. Maybe it was coming back to do the other lane. I continued to breathe for Jason and wait. I spotted his phone, but it was shattered—it didn't matter anyway, I couldn't let go of him to use it. I kissed him and blew another breath into his lungs—the gurgling was the same, maybe worse.
The scraping was closer now. It suddenly stopped, the engine sped up as the driver shifted into a lower gear and accelerated. Finally, the truck skidded to a stop in front of Derrick's car. The driver got out with a fire extinguisher.
"Over hear! I need help!"
The plow driver ran up to us. "Is he alive?"
"Barely. Can you call for help?"
He started to turn back toward his truck, but stopped. "Are you alright?"
"Just call for help—hurry!"
He ran back to his truck and called for an ambulance, saying there was a possible fatality. He put out the fire and then came back to us as I blew another breath into Jason's lungs. "Is he the driver?"
"No, we were walking on the sidewalk. The driver ran down that side street." I nodded across the intersection and then blew another breath into Jason's lungs.
The old guy took off his baseball cap and scratched his head. "If he hit this here pole, how'd the car get all the way over there?"
"I don't know! I don't care!" I filled Jason's lungs again.
"I'll go see how close they are?" He ran back to his truck. As soon as he climbed in the cab, the surroundings started flashing blue and red—at least the police were here although I couldn't see what they could do. The snowplow operator was putting out flares when the police cruiser pulled up, blocking the intersection. "Over there!" The plow operator pointed toward Jason and I.
When the officer got to us, his face went ashen. He knelt down next to Jason.
I filled Jason's lungs with another breath. "You're Officer Burns." I said.
"Yes ma'am—Izzy."
"You remember me—good. Jason is in critical condition." I filled his lungs with another breath.
"I can see that."
"When the paramedics get here, they're going to want to take control. That can't happen."
"And why not?" Said with a different inflection the tone could have been adversarial, but his wasn't, he just wanted information.
"If I move my hands, his heart stops—his spine is shattered."
"But his heart is beating?"
"Yes. Several—if not all of his ribs are broken and there's fluid in his right lung."
Officer Burns looked over Jason's broken body. "And at least one leg."
I nodded and then filled Jason's lungs with another breath.
"What do you need me to do?"
"Trust me."
"You got it. What else?"
"Make the EMTs listen to me—Jason's life depends on it." I nodded toward the intersection. "See if the plow operator has any tools. I think that sign is thin enough we can slide it under him without aggravating his injuries."
"You got it."
Officer Burns talked to the plow driver. He grabbed his tools and went to work on unbolting the sign. Finally, the ambulance and a fire truck arrived. The EMTs grabbed their gear and headed our way. Officer Burns intercepted them at the curb. "She's a med student home for the holidays. You do what she says, here me?"
"We got this." One of the EMTs said.
"No you don't." Officer Burns said. "This is her patient and that's an order, got it!"
"It's on you then." the EMT said.
The EMTs raced over to us and as they dropped their gear, the one said, "We got him."
Officer Burns was right behind them, but my snarl backed the guy off.
"Okay." the EMT said.
His partner knelt down by Jason. "What do we have?"
I filled Jason's lungs with air. "Broken right leg, fractured ribs—maybe all of them, fluid in his right lung, can't breath on his own, shattered spine—at least his neck, I'm not sure how far down."
"Heartbeat?"
"Stable, now."
"Now?"
"If I move my hands his heart stops." I filled Jason's lungs again.
It was subtle, but the EMT shook his head. "What do you want us to do?"
"I can't move my hands, so you'll have to check his vital signs as carefully as you can. I don't think the fluid in his lung is any worse, but maybe you can listen—see what you think."
"Okay."
The EMTs went to work, carefully checking Jason's vital signs and injuries.
"You pretty much called it," the EMT said, "heart rate is stable and most of his ribs are broken. His ribcage is shifted to the left side. I think we should put a tube in his chest—his right lung might be collapsed from the pressure and we can't rule out internal bleeding. I suggest we start an I.V. to be on the safe side."
"Okay, just don't move him."
"Will do."
The EMTs carefully splinted Jason's leg with an air cast, then inserted a chest tube. Some blood escaped from the tube when they first put it in, but I could tell it helped.
"I can blow more air into his lungs." I said.
"Good, that's good." The EMT held up a rubber airbag with a curved plastic tube attached to it. "Do you want us to bag him?"
"No, it's too much of a risk to put the tube down his throat."
"Right, good call. I'll have to remember that. You doing okay—getting tired?"
"I'm fine."
Finally, they covered Jason with a couple of blankets. "I think we've got him as stable as we can, but how are we going to move him?" the EMT said.
"With this." Officer Burns said, carrying the aluminum street sign.
"Brilliant."
"It was her idea." the plow operator said.
"What year are you?" the EMT asked.
"Senior."
"You're going to make a hell of a doctor that's for sure."
They slowly worked the sign under Jason while the one EMT kept his stethoscope on Jason's heart—it wasn't necessary, I could hear—feel every beat and react with any variation before the EMT could tell me. When we had the sign about halfway under Jason I think the EMT realized it, but he still kept calling out Jason's heartbeat. He pulled the stethoscope away once the sign was completely under Jason. He glanced back at the ambulance and kind of shook his head.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"Things awfully rough. An inadvertent bounce might kill him."
"What about the helicopter?" Officer Burns said. "We could take him to the stadium—it has lights."
"I'll see if they're flying." the EMT said and headed back to the ambulance.
"How's he doing?" Officer Burns said.
"He's still alive." I said. "Did anyone help Derrick?"
"Yeah, one of the EMTs got him, he's in the ambulance."
"I think it was an accident." I said. "He lost control going over the snowplow tracks."
"I'll keep that in mind, but you just concentrate on Jason."
"I will." I filled his lungs again.
The EMT came back. "They said there's a break in the weather coming—they'll give it a shot. I told them the stadium—how we going to get him there?"
"The truck, it has a longer wheelbase—it'll ride smoother." I suggested.
"No place to put him."
"Does the backseat come out?"
"We can make it." one of the firemen said. He and the others headed for the truck.
While they worked on the seat, the ambulance left with Derrick. The EMT returned with two backboards taped together.
I shook my head no. "We can't move him like that."
"I know. Here's what I'm thinking. We lift the patient—"
"Jason." I said.
"Right, we lift Jason on the sign and then slip the extra long backboard under him and then you get on the end of it with him. We have enough manpower to carry both of you over to the truck. We'll slide you in and then head for the school. Officer Burns, can you get someone to get the stadium lights on at the school?"
"Already made the call."
"Did anyone call Jason's parents?" the EMT said.
I'd completely forgotten about his mother.
"I'll call his mother." Officer Burns said.
"No!" I called after him. "Let me."
"Okay, kid, be right back."
The fire truck crew and Officer Burns returned at the same time.
"Okay," one of the firemen said, "We're ready for him."
Just like the EMT said, they got the extended backboard under Jason and I, and secured us to it with tape so we wouldn't move. They lifted us and carefully carried us to the truck. The floor of the back seat was almost the same height, so it was easy for them to smoothly slide us in. The doors wouldn't completely close, but we were ready to go.
"Hold on." Officer Burns said, holding his phone up with the number dialed in, ready for me to talk to Jason's mom. "You sure about this?"
"Make the call and hold the phone up to my ear."
He pressed the button. It rang several times.
"Hello?" a sleepy voice said.
"Mrs. Whitaker, this is Izzy."
"Oh, hi Izzy—what's wrong?" Her voice suddenly filled with trepidation.
"There's been a terrible accident. Jason was hit by a car."
"Where are you? I'll—"
"They're flying Jason to the Frederick Emergency room—"
"Flying?"
"It's bad Mrs. Whitaker. Stay where you are, Officer Burns is coming to get you. He's going to drive you to the hospital."
She had started crying hysterically.
"He's going to be alright, Mrs. Whitaker. I won't let anything happen to him. I'll see you at the hospital. Here's Officer Burns."
He pulled the phone away from me with a nod of approval. "Mrs. Whitaker, Mrs. Whitaker, can you give me your address?"
"Let's go," the EMT said as he eased the door closed as far as it would go.
Chapter 28
The lights were on at the stadium by the time we turned up the road to the school at a painful, but necessarily slow pace. For once the weatherman was correct and the snow let up. A Medevac helicopter appeared in the glow over the stadium a few minutes later. A cloud of snow enveloped it like a swirling inner tube as it landed. We waited until the air cleared before the firemen opened the doors. They slid Jason and I out carefully, lowered us to waist level and then carried us out to the waiting helicopter.
"We can't take her." the pilot yelled when they slid the door open. "No passenger's."
The EMT climbed up on the edge of the open doorway. "If she so much as moves, the boy will die."
The pilot made a hand gesture for them to load us. 
"What do we got?" the onboard EMT yelled over the pounding helicopter blades.
"Crush injuries, broken leg, ribs, possible collapsed lung and a shattered spine. Heart rate stable—the girl's breathing for him."
"Why didn't you bag him?"
"Shattered cervical spine—couldn't take the chance."
"What about the girl?"
"Her name's Izzy—senior med student—if she so much as flinches the boy's dead."
"Okay, we'll be as easy as we can in this weather."
"Trust her, she called most of the shots on the scene—if it hadn't been for her, the boy probably wouldn't have made it this far."
"Got it."
Once we were inside, the engine started to speed up.
"Good luck, kid!" the EMT on the ground said. "That's one lucky kid to have you around." He slid the door closed and then slapped the outside.
"Take it easy." the EMT said to the pilot through his microphone.
The pilot gave him a thumbs up, indicating that he understood. The blades continued to accelerate and then suddenly we were airborne. We climbed straight up and broke through the clouds after twelve-hundred feet.
"Don't worry—just keep doing what you're doing—the weather's clear on the other side of the mountain. It'll be easy sailing into Frederick." The EMT glanced down at his watch. "You must be in incredible shape to be able to do what you're doing. My name's Frank."
I forced a smile between breaths. Loading Jason on the truck as-well-as on the helicopter was hard on him, his heart had skipped several times, but for now, he was stable. I thought about biting him—changing him, but it was impossible. I couldn't let go of his neck which meant I couldn't move him and I certainly couldn't change him here, the helicopter crew would flip. No, we would have to take our chances in the hospital—the hospital! What was I thinking, I couldn't go into the hospital—I was dead by human standards—it would be impossible to pass myself off as human to trained—observant physicians. As I took another breath, I saw the tower light at Lambs Knoll through a break in the cloud cover.
"Elizabeth."
"What's that?" Frank said.
"My parents, they don't know where I am. Do you have a phone?"
He nodded. "Hard to hear up here. Can it wait till we land?"
"I'd rather call them now who knows when I'll get a chance once we land."
"Probably right." He pulled out a cell phone and slipped an ear piece/microphone combo over my ear and then plugged the cord into the phone.
I called out my home number to him. "It's ringing."
Frank gave me a thumbs up, set the phone on Jason's chest and started to check vitals again.
"Hello?"
"Elizabeth, Mom, is that you?"
"What is that ungodly sound?"
"Put Tink on the phone, Mom."
"What's wrong?"
"Please Mom, put Tink on." I couldn't bare to tell Elizabeth or Benjamin.
"As you wish."
"Izzy, what's up?"
I filled Jason's lungs with another breath. "Jason was hit by a car—he's dying."
"Izzy? Izzy, are you there?"
"I'm in a helicopter headed to the Frederick hospital. I'm the only thing keeping him alive."
"I understand." Tink's voice was grim, pained.
"I don't know what to do, I can't let him die." I filled Jason's lungs with another breath. "Me, in a hospital could be bad." I glanced at Frank, but he was busy checking Jason. "I thought you should know."
"I understand. Do whatever you feel is right."
"I'm sorry. I love you guys. Goodbye."
Frank looked up.
"I'm finished. Thank you."
He unplugged the cord and closed the cell phone.
At least my family would have a chance to get away.
"You're going to have to let him go when we land." Frank said.
I took another breath and filled Jason's lungs. With the blankets pulled back, I could see blood soaking through the bandage over the chest tube in Jason's side.
"No way, I'm stabilizing his spine if he moves, he could die. I won't take that chance. His mother's on the way to the hospital, they'll have to wait at least until she gets there. I'm not moving."
"Gotcha." He pressed some buttons on a radio in the helicopter labeled Med 1. "This is Chopper One calling Frederick Memorial, do you have a copy?"
"Roger Chopper One, we read you loud and clear. What's your status?"
"This is Chopper One, we're inbound about five minutes out. We have a pedestrian struck by an automobile with traumatic, crush injuries. I'm sending you his tape." He waited for several seconds. "You get it?"
"Copy that, Chopper One. Is the patient breathing on his own?"
Frank looked at me, he didn't know I could hear both sides of the conversation. "Negative on the breathing. I have a senior med student onboard that is breathing for him."
"Did you say a med student is breathing for him?"
"You heard correct. There's more. The patient has a shattered cervical spine at the minimum, probably worse. She is supporting his spine with her hands. Reports from the scene say if she even flinches his heart stops—it happened twice on scene."
"How is this kid even alive?"
"Couldn't say." Frank glanced at me again. "They rigged up a special backboard for the two of them. You're going to need some extra manpower on the pad."
"Copy that, will do."
"One more thing. The boy's mother is on her way to the hospital in a police cruiser you're going to have to wait for her. The girl with me is determined, you are not going to move her."
"From your description I think that's the last thing we want to do."
"That's the right call, in my opinion. We're starting our decent. Over and out."
"I heard." I said when he looked toward me.
"You're pretty darn brave—never seen anything like this before. The doctors should leave you alone when we get there, at least until his mother arrives—like you said. Let them check him out, they're good people—saved a lot of lives."
I looked up from filling Jason's lungs with another breath. "Thank you." I leaned over Jason staying closer to him, letting his breath escape between our lips before I filled his lungs again. There was only Jason now—saving his life—nothing else mattered.
When we landed, the pilot shut off the engine. The door opened with a blast of frigid air and Frank accompanied us out of the helicopter and into the hospital Emergency Room. He stayed with us, answering all the questions, letting me concentrate on Jason. They set us and our jury rigged backboards on a hospital gurney and the nurses and ER doctor's looked over Jason as best they could with me there. They changed the IV, and replaced the tube in Jason's side while another team hooked Jason up with a bunch of wires.
"What's her name?" one of the nurses asked.
"Izzy," Frank said, "I didn't get a last name."
"That's okay. Izzy, I'm Nurse Greene, keep it up, you're doing great. Jason's oxygen levels are good."
"What have we got?"
"Doctor Diaz," Nurse Greene acknowledged her, "Izzy has been breathing for Jason since the accident. She is also, most importantly supporting his cervical spine."
"If she moves, the boy's heart stops." Frank added.
I glanced up through my eyelashes. Doctor Diaz and the nurses were checking the readouts on the equipment they'd connected to Jason.
"We're going to have to get some pictures to see what we've got." Doctor Diaz said. "Izzy, is there any reason you can't go into X-ray?"
"You're not pregnant are you?" Nurse Greene added.
I lifted my head slightly so I could speak, but the words came out like a whisper. "Jason's lying on a metal sign." I sunk back down to continue breathing for him.
"She's right." Nurse Greene said. "There's some kind of street sign under him."
"We're going to have to remove the sign." Doctor Diaz said. "Hold Jason as still as you can." She must have turned away from me, because her next words were softer. "How long as she been at this?"
"At least an hour." Frank said.
"Okay," Doctor Diaz said, "here we go, nice and easy."
There were hands along both of Jason's sides, close to the bed. They slowly started sliding the sign out from under Jason. I didn't need it, but the beeping sound of Jason's heart on the monitors would change if they moved to abruptly—I think it helped them. Each time his heart fluttered, I manipulated his neck to stabilize the rhythm. Slowly, steadily, they worked the sign out from under him. Jason flat lined for just an instant as the sign finally came free, but I stabilized him and his heartbeat returned to it's weak, but regular beat before they could react.
"I've never seen anything like that." Doctor Diaz said. "You okay, Izzy?"
I nodded between breaths.
Apparently Frank had left the room, because the automatic door swooshed open and he called from the hallway. "Boy's mother's here."
A deeper, sickening feeling spread through me as I realized what this would do to her. I tried to use the emotion to strengthen my resolve, to give me hope, she was another reason I couldn't let Jason die.
"We better let her see him," Doctor Diaz said and then lowered her voice, "I'm not sure how much longer he has." Her voice faded as the door swooshed closed.
Moments later, the hallway was filled with Mrs. Whitaker's cries. "Oh my God!" she wailed—she must have seen us through the glass wall.
"I'm Doctor Diaz, your son is in critical condition Mrs. Whitaker. He's stable for now, but we have to take him down to X-ray to get a better idea of the extent of his injuries. You can see him, but just briefly."
Her crying stopped, she was trying to be brave for him. "Is Izzy alright?"
"You know her?" Doctor Diaz said.
"They're high school sweethearts. What is she doing?"
"I'm not sure I can put this in the proper perspective, but she's breathing for your son and somehow, she's managed to stabilize his spine. Simply put, she's keeping him alive."
The door swooshed open.
"Just for a minute—time's crucial." The door swooshed closed.
There was a long silence as I'm sure she tried to come to grips with what she faced, but I could feel her drawing closer. She gently rested her hand on Jason's chest—she'd started crying again. Her hand was trembling.
"He's going to be okay." I said in a raspy voice between breaths. "I won't let him die."
She gently rested her cheek against Jason's chest. Our eyes met momentarily. "How..." her voice faded like a dying breath. When it did, she let her weight collapse down on Jason. His chest moved and the pulsing beat of the heart monitor became a solid tone.
The door swooshed open as Jason's mom reared back in hysterics. Doctor Diaz and Nurse Greene rushed into the room, but before they got to us, I had Jason's heartbeat stabilized.
"How?" Mrs. Whitaker mumbled through her sobs to Doctor Diaz.
"I don't know, I've never seen anything like it. I'm sorry, but we need to take him down to X-ray, now."
"Of course, go." Jason's mom replied in a weak, agonized voice. "Has anyone contacted Izzy's parents?" she said as the nurses wheeled Jason and I out of the room.
"She called them from the chopper." Frank said.
"I'll call Elizabeth to make sure." she said.
We rounded another corner and I could no longer hear their voices.
"Here we are." Nurse Greene said. "You just keep our boy stable."
"Whatta ya need?" someone new, presumably the X-ray technician said.
"Chest, spine—particularly the cervical spine and right leg for now."
"What about her?"
"She's keeping him alive."
"Seriously?" A male hand brushed back my hair that lay over Jason's face like a shroud. "Not going to be able to get much with her hands in the way."
"Do the best you can—like I said, she's keeping him alive. I'll help you."
They rolled us into the X-ray room. "We're not going to be able to get them on the table I assume." the technician said.
"Not a chance, you'll have to improvise."
They moved us again, past several heavy doors into another room.
"Izzy," Nurse Greene said, "I'm going to put a paper hair net on you so Boo Boo can see what he's doing. His name's Bobby, we just call him that—he knows what he's doing."
I didn't reply, I don't think I could, but I felt her put the paper over my head and struggle to get my hair up under the thin elastic band.
"You're sure you're okay having X-rays done?"
I nodded ever so slightly.
"Okay. We're going to use a fluoroscope—kind of a handheld X-ray machine. Just keep Jason as still as possible and we'll have a look.
I pulled in the walls I'd created even closer and concentrated harder on just Jason. As hard as I tried, I couldn't hold on to my connection with him—not the one that Benjamin had taught me—but we still had the physical connection. It was weaker—Jason's part—but I tried to press my energy into his thoughts, letting him feel—experience how much I loved him. His love was there—faint, but still there. He was fighting so hard to stay with me.
Soon, we were moving again and the florescent lights overhead slowly flickered past until we were in another room, a darker room, but with a harsh concentration of light from somewhere close. Nurse Greene was speaking again, but I couldn't understand her. I didn't want to let go of Jason, I was afraid I might not be able to get him back.
"Izzy? Izzy? Izzy, can you hear me?"
I managed a slight nod.
"Good, you're doing great, just hang in there a little longer."
"How's she doing?" Doctor Diaz said.
"She hasn't faltered once, but I'm worried about her, she's in an almost catatonic state."
"An IV might be a good idea."
"We tried, but her muscles are so rigid we couldn't get the needle in."
I didn't remember that, unless that was the touch I felt after the X-rays.
"Get scrubbed up and we'll begin." Doctor Diaz said.
"Izzy, I don't want you to be afraid, but we're going to put a drape over you during the surgery. You're doing great, just keep it up a little while longer."
Jason and I were moved into the bright, white glare that turned blue as the drape went over me. Outside my blue envelop, tight gloves snapped with the smell of latex.
"What are we doing?" a different nurse said.
"He's got a ruptured spleen at the very least and as long as he will tolerate it, we'll have a look around and see if there's any other bleeding. The X-rays weren't a lot of help."
"Then you've seen them?" Nurse Greene said.
"I know. We're just going to try to stabilize him—they're flying in a spine specialist from Baltimore, Shock Trauma."
Jason exhaled a sweet, lemon tasting breath laced with a metallic aftertaste—the anesthesia.
"Izzy," Nurse Greene said, "we're going to begin the surgery, just remain very still. If you need anything, you let me know."
Surgery—like in Jason's blood? But not even the thought of that did anything to my thirst—almost like it didn't exist, but it always existed. That probably said something about how I was doing, but I couldn't think about that, I was here for Jason. My next breath was filled with the scent of Jason's sweet blood. I exhaled it into his lungs.
* * *
It had been over an hour—more than one-thousand breaths since Jason's surgery. The doctors had removed his spleen and done some other repairs and successfully stopped his internal bleeding. His lung was completely re-inflated and they set his broken right leg. Jason was on some type of pain med that gave his breath a sweet, citrus smell. They were unable to get him to breathe on his own though they tried several times—for now, I was his lungs. The drape over me had been removed, and beyond my self imposed isolation with Jason the room was quiet except for a slight sobbing. With my next breath I realized it was Jason's mom. During the surgery, they made no attempt to do anything about his spine, but I vaguely remember them saying something about a specialist—so, we would wait. The door swooshed open.
"How are you holding up, Nancy?"
She sniffed and then blew her nose before answering. "I think they're the same."
"Well, that's a good thing." Nurse Greene said.
"Is there any news?"
"No, not yet." Nurse Greene's voice was closer this time. "I'm sure the doctors are just trying to figure out their best option. I know the waiting is difficult. Izzy, how are you holding up? Are you thirsty? Can I get you some water?"
I wasn't thirsty, not even a hint of thirst and I knew that was wrong. After so much time, this close—touching—breathing for him, my throat should be on fire, but there was nothing. I blew another breath into Jason's lungs. "He's slipping." I mumbled as her footsteps started away.
"Izzy?" Jason's mom said. "I think she said something." She joined Nurse Greene at Jason's side.
"What is it, Izzy?" Jason's mom pleaded.
"He's slipping." I barely forced out.
"Are you losing your grip?" Nurse Greene asked.
"No, he's colder, fading—I'm trying, but I'm losing him."
"I'll get Doctor Diaz." Nurse Greene's footsteps raced away and disappeared behind the swoosh of the door.
Jason's mom ever so gently lay her hand on my arm as her face came into focus. She didn't seemed alarmed at the temperature or rigidity of my skin at all. She smiled, warmly.
"Talk to him."
"We have a connection that—"
"I know, there's an even deeper connection between the two of you, but I bet he needs to hear your voice—to know you're alright—for you to tell him he's going to be alright."
As my breath escaped from Jason's lungs, I whispered in his ear. "I love you." I took another breath and filled his lungs. "We're going to get through this. Your Mom's with us—she's here to help." I blew another breath into his lungs. "I love you."
"That's it." His mom's face faded from focus and she let go of my arm as she stepped back.
"It's working." I could feel his warmth growing. "I love you." I blew another breath into Jason's lungs.
What sounded like a moan escaped as he exhaled.
"Was that Jason?" Doctor Diaz said.
"Yes." I filled his lungs again, but there was no sound as he exhaled this time.
"See if he can take a breath on his own." Doctor Diaz said as she and Nurse Greene approached from either side of the bed.
I inhaled another breath, but hesitated. The room was dead silent. "There." I said as Jason's chest rose with a shallow breath before he exhaled.
"Let's get some oxygen on him." Doctor Diaz ordered as she placed her stethoscope on Jason's chest.
Nurse Greene pulled a clear tube from the wall and placed it under Jason's nose, gently securing it with translucent, white, surgical tape. We all waited and watched as Jason took another breath, and then another. I looked up—Jason's mom was crying—happy tears.
"That's good, right?" I said.
"Yes." Doctor Diaz said. "It's a very good sign." But her words lacked the conviction they should have. There was something more—something she wasn't saying. "You still may have to help him, are you still able to continue if he needs you?"
"Yes, of course."
"See this number?" Nurse Greene said, pointing to an illuminated red 90. "Try to keep the number above ninety—it's his blood oxygen level—above ninety is good." She flopped a cord over the side of the bed. "Push this button if you need anything." On the end of the cord was a large red button embossed with the word CALL.
"I can do that." Jason's mom said.
"Good idea."
I lowered my face back down to Jason's so I could feel his breath against my cheek.
Doctor Diaz hurried out of the room—presumably to update the specialist. Nurse Greene went over to Jason's mom.
"There are two people from Jason's school in the waiting area." she said. "I told them I would let you know that they are here."
"I couldn't leave him."
"I understand as I'm sure they do as well. They just wanted you to know that they're here for Jason—for you."
"Have you told them anything?"
"No, the hospital policy is family only."
Jason's mom looked back at me.
"Go ahead if you feel up to it, I'll watch over him."
"Like the angel you are." she whispered so quietly even I could barely hear her. "I won't be long."
"I know."
Jason's mom and Nurse Greene walked out into the hallway and continued the conversation once the doors closed.
"Did they say who they were?" Jason's mom said.
"The school principal and Jason's football coach."
"I want to bring them back to see him."
"I'm afraid we don't allow visitors in the ICU."
"One at a time? Just out here in the hallway?"
"I don't know, it's still technically the ICU."
"These two individuals are a very important part of my son's and Izzy's lives." She hesitated. "But honestly, between you and me, I'm being selfish."
"How so?"
"I think if Izzy can see them, it will give her strength to keep fighting for Jason. She has to be exhausted." 
"What she's done—what she's continuing to do seems humanly impossible. Do you really think it will help her?" Nurse Greene looked up and down the hallway. "It's late, except for your son, the ICU is empty—but just for a few minutes, and one at a time."
"Bless you." Jason's mom hugged her and they both went off down the hall.
A short time later, Jason's mom appeared at the window with Ms. Moore. When Ms. Moore saw us, she burst into tears.
"I'm sorry," she wept, "I want to be strong for you."
"Jason's stable as long as Izzy doesn't move." Jason's mom made a motion toward us. "She literally has Jason's life in her hands. The paramedics said that she called the shots at the scene and that if it wasn't for her, we would have already lost him. It's a miracle—there's no other explanation."
Ms. Moore looked intently at me and I silently mouthed the words, 'Thank you.' 
She and Jason's mom hugged and then they left the way they came. While they were gone, Nurse Greene came to the window, but only to see how I was doing. When I forced a smile, she left.
Jason's mom appeared at the edge of the window, motioning for someone to come closer. She backed away as Coach appeared at the edge of the window. He was wearing his Warrior blue jacket. The shoulders glistened with droplets of melted snow and he was sheepishly clutching his hat to his chest. His eyes were red and swollen, but he managed a composed expression.
"Ms. Moore was just here." I whispered into Jason's ear. "Coach is here now."
Jason's pulse quickened.
I looked up to Jason's mom. "Open the door."
She led Coach in front of the glass door and when she stepped forward, the door opened. As it did, I noticed the red numerals on the monitor drop to eighty. I blew a breath into Jason's lungs, and then another. The number came back up to ninety-one. When I looked back to the door, tears were streaming down both their faces.
"He knows you're here, Coach, his pulse is stronger. Thank you."
Jason's mom stepped back and the doors closed. As they turned to leave, I saw Nurse Greene behind them—she was crying too.
Doctor Diaz and a new doctor, with tight ringlets of graying, black hair that clung tightly to his balding head, were waiting in the hallway when Jason's mom returned.
"Mrs. Whitaker, this is Doctor Hartman, he's the spine specialist we told you about."
"Yes, nice to meet you. How's my son?"
"There's a room down the hall where we can talk more privately." Doctor Diaz said.
Jason's mom looked at us as I had to help Jason take another breath. "I don't want to leave him."
"I understand, but—"
"Just tell me what you have to do."
"Very well." Doctor Diaz made a subtle gesture and Nurse Greene joined them, discretely easing closer to Jason's mom. This didn't look good.
"Doctor Hartman, I'll let you explain."
"Mrs. Whitaker, your son's cervical spine has been pulverized—in all my years I've never seen such a severe injury. I can't even contemplate how this could happen. Normally, there are seven distinct cervical vertebrae, C-1 at the base of the scull through C-7. In your son's case, we can only account for two of them. The remaining vertebrae have been reduced to more than a hundred lethally, sharp fragments. These fragments are suspended around your son's spinal cord." Doctor Diaz glanced at me as Doctor Hartman continued. "I have no idea—I can't even comprehend how—" He hesitated.
"Izzy." Doctor Diaz said.
"How Izzy managed to stabilize his spine." Doctor Hartman continued. "Quite frankly, it's impossible, like trying to hold a tube of sand together in water." He shook his head and held Jason's mom's hand between his. "If any one of those fragments touch his spinal cord, they would sever—"
"So what you're saying, is my son is alive for as long as Izzy can hold him."
"I'm afraid it's not that simple. Even if by some miracle she can continue to hold him still, the spinal fluid that's contained within the spinal column has been compromised. We can't stop the leaking without moving her hands and if we move her hands—well, I'm sure you can see the impasse."
"Then there's nothing to be done?"
"Benjamin?" I whispered at the sound of his voice.
Chapter 29
"I'm sorry, sir, this is a private matter." Doctor Hartman said.
"This is Benjamin and Elizabeth," Jason's mom said, "they're Izzy's parents. They are family."
"Very well."
Benjamin and Elizabeth appeared at the window. I was stunned, I thought by now they'd be hundreds of miles away. Elizabeth put her arm around Jason's mom.
"I'm so sorry, Nancy."
"It's so nice of you to come. From what Doctor Hartman was just saying, I think Izzy will be free to go home very soon. She's been so brave, so strong for him."
"Izzy will be fine." Elizabeth glanced over at me and I could see the concern in her face—more than I expected, there must be something about my appearance that alarmed her. "I'd like to speak with my daughter." Elizabeth said to the doctor.
"Of course, go right ahead." Doctor Diaz said.
"Thank you." Elizabeth looked puzzled until Nurse Greene stepped in front of the glass door and it opened.
"Just walk back to the door when you're finished—it will open automatically." Nurse Greene said.
Elizabeth took a cautious step into the room, testing her control, or maybe the door and then slowly crossed the room to Jason and I. Behind her, Benjaim was talking to Doctor Hartman again.
"How long?"
"How long?" Doctor Hartman questioned.
"How long can Izzy keep young Jason alive?"
"She's already well beyond human endurance, but assuming—"
"Yes, yes, assuming she can endure, how long?"
"Twelve—eighteen hours tops."
Jason's mom collapsed into Nurse Greene's arms. Benjamin slid a chair over and they eased her down.
"Thank you, you may go." Benjamin said to the doctors.
"You can't dismiss us, sir." Doctor Hartman said.
"Did you not say there was nothing else you could do?"
"Please," Jason's mom said to the doctors, "give us sometime to digest what you've told us."
"Very well." Doctor Hartman said in a more compassionate tone. 
"I'm very sorry, Mrs. Whitaker. I wish there was more we could do." Doctor Diaz added. "Mr. Faulkner, may we talk a moment?" She led Dad away from Jason's mom. "I'm very worried about your daughter. She's been in an almost catatonic state for hours, she's had nothing to eat or drink, I don't know how she's managed—"
"Thank you for your concern," Dad said, "I'm sure..."
"How are you holding up?" Elizabeth said, startling me. She came closer and stared into my eyes. "You're not doing well at all."
"I'm fine. Honest, I have no thirst."
"No, young lady, you are most definitely not fine. There is the impending loss of young Jason and everything that means to you, to us and to his mother, but more immediately, there is your present deterioration—beyond my understanding of our existence." She stroked my cheek and then felt Jason's breath against the back of her hand. "Forgive me, I've been harsh, but I'm frightened for you, dear. It is as if you are deteriorating right before my very eyes."
"The doctor said Jason and I still have a few hours."
"You would accept this fate?"
My head suddenly became very heavy and I unconsciously let it droop. In doing so, the rhythmic pulse of Jason's heart monitor fluttered. I quickly regained my composure and made the minute, adjustment necessary to correct my mistake. The rhythm returned to normal. "It isn't what I want—what I envisioned for us, but yes, we exist, or don't exist as one.
"Then, even under these circumstances, you still will not change him?" Benjamin said as he stepped to Elizabeth's side. They glanced at one another, grave concern evident in their wordless exchange.
"Even if I could, it's impossible now, not in the hospital."
"Nothing's impossible." Benjamin said. "You of all people should know that."
"I wish I believed that—I really do, but it's hopeless, Jason's life—my life—our life is over. I wish I'd died in that car accident six years ago. If I had, maybe none of this would have happened."
Again they exchanged a concerned glance.
"What? What aren't you telling me?" I said.
Elizabeth cradled my cheek. "Trust your father."
"I do, but—"
"Keep him alive, Izzy." Benjamin said. "We'll be back as soon as possible."
"You're leaving?" I reared up, but when I did, Jason's heartbeat faltered again. I started gently manipulating Jason's neck as the doctor's and nurses flooded into the room. Before they could do anything, Jason's heartbeat had returned to normal. "It's okay." I said with a raspy voice. Another monitor chimed—Jason's blood oxygen level was at seventy-five percent—he wasn't breathing. I leaned down over him and began breathing for him again. The alarm stopped.
"Oh, thank God." his mom said through her sobs.
I looked up between breaths—Benjamin and Elizabeth were gone, but why?
* * *
Hours had passed—thousands of breaths--since my parents abrupt departure. I still had no idea what they meant—it had to be a long shot, but I tried to hang on to that thread of hope. Jason's mom hadn't left his bedside since Jason's last episode. She'd fallen asleep, but was still clinging to his hand. Beyond my own sorrow—guilt—I felt so sorry for her, she was going to lose her son, the son her entire world revolved around. She would lose everything, her husband, her son, because of me. The door swooshed open and Nurse Greene entered the room.
"Shhh, she's asleep." I whispered.
"Oh," she whispered back. "There's something you should see." She looked down at Jason's mom. "I think she will want to see it too."
"Okay. Mrs. Whitaker," I called softly as Nurse Greene went over to the television. "Mrs. Whitaker?"
She stirred and then opened her eyes. Her gaze immediately found mine. "Jason?"
"No, there's been no change. He's okay."
The television came on and drew her attention away from me as I filled Jason's lungs again.
"There's something I want you to see." Nurse Greene said.
"I don't feel like television." But before Jason's mom could look away, Nurse Greene changed the channel to what looked like a candlelight vigil.
"Is that the school stadium?" I said.
"Yes," Nurse Greene said, "that's the stadium at Boonsboro High School." She looked down at Jason's mom. "Where your son played football. The announcer said most of the town is there. The largest crowd that has ever filled the stadium."
Jason's mom sat up and turned her attention toward the television. "Oh, my, how touching."
"And there's more." Nurse Greene said as she walked across the room and then pulled up the window shade. "Look at the parking lot."
Jason's mom joined her at the window and after a few minutes, waved.
"What is it?" I asked.
"There's another group of people here—all holding candles." Jason's mom said. Her voice—while not happy wasn't as forlorn. "It looks like mostly students. I can see Cathy, Alex and Matt among them."
I filled Jason's lungs again and kissed him. "I love you." I whispered. "The whole community—our friends, are here and at the stadium pulling for you." If Jason could hear me, he would detect the desperation in my voice, but it was impossible to hide. I looked up at the television and wondered if the candles would burn longer than Jason's life. What affect would his death, so pointlessly—so needlessly have on our friends—his teammates. I kissed Jason and filled his lungs with the 11,435th breath. "I love you."
Jason wheezed as he drew in a breath and then a second.
"Jason?"
His eyes fluttered as if he were gaining conscious and in my hands, I could feel a surge of energy. Jason's mom and Nurse Greene were quickly at his bedside. He opened his eyes, looked at his mother and then me. There was so much pain in his eyes. My lips followed his as he tried to speak. "I love—" The heart monitor beep became a steady tone.
"Jason!" his mom cried.
I couldn't find the safe spot this time. Nurse Greene was watching me intently as she steadied Jason's mom. A crash team burst into the room, but she motioned them to stop.
"You can't," she told them, "any motion will sever his spinal cord."
"He's the one they've been talking about." One of them mumbled under her breath.
"Help me." I said to his mom. "Take his hand."
"Please, Jason." she said as she clutched his hand, kissing it over and over.
I looked at Nurse Greene—she obviously saw the desperation in my eyes and turned to the doctors.
"Adrenaline?" she said and then looked back to me.
I nodded.
One of the doctors ran forward with a huge hypodermic, plunged it into Jason's chest and emptied the contents into Jason's heart. There was a beep, and I felt a slight flutter under my fingers. I twisted and pulled just a minute amount and there it was—Jason's heartbeat. The monitor followed with a steady beep, beep, beep...
The doctor pulled out the syringe. "Unbelievable." He walked back to the others. They gathered their gear and left shaking their heads.
"I still don't believe it—and I saw it with my own eyes." The door closed behind them.
Jason's mom scooted her chair closer to the head of the gurney—still holding Jason's hand. Every once in a while, she would brush back my hair as I continued to breath for him. At first I thought it was just so she could see Jason's face better, but the more she did it, the more it seemed like she was also trying to comfort me. She was an amazingly, compassionate woman.
I closed off everything but Jason as his energy continued to fade. I'd wondered about Benjaim and Elizabeth for a little while, but come to the conclusion that they had probably come just for verification. If they'd really gone this time, it would be difficult to end my existence unless Elizabeth wasn't lying about my deterioration. Perhaps I would go, and take Jason with me. Now though, there was nothing but Jason's heartbeat, the breath—my breath rushing in and out of his lungs and my whisper between breaths, "I love you."
Slowly, I became aware of a hand on my shoulder. I'd lost all concept of time, it could have been minutes, hours since I folded my focus inward. I'd even lost count of the number of breaths. What I first noticed, was how weak Jason's heartbeat was and then, despite our closeness—our touch, he was so far away, so cold.
"Izzy."
The voice was soft, gentle, familiar.
"Izzy, can you hear me?"
It was a struggle to open my eyes and even more difficult to lift my head. "Dad?"
"Yes. You've done splendidly, young Jason is still among the living. You've almost completed your part, then, it will be time to let us do ours."
"I won't let you change him." I muttered through a raspy voice.
"I understand. We don't intend to."
"What then?"
Benjamin withdrew a small, ornate, glass vial of golden fluid from his pocket and gently set it on the backboard next to me. When I looked down, I realized Jason's mom wasn't in her chair. I looked toward the glass wall. She was talking with Elizabeth in the hallway. I turned my attention back to Dad.
"What is it?" I asked.
Benjamin leaned closer and spoke softly. "Do you remember the laboratory Jason discovered during your abduction?"
"Yes, you destroyed it."
"That we did, but not before removing a few items."
"Can I assume that that bottle is one of them?"
"Yes."
"Changing Jason into some other kind of monster is no better."
"You know me better than that." He withdrew a leather piece of material about the size of a tissue, but thicker.
"What is that?"
He folded it once, and then rolled it into a cylinder and held it up to my face. "We need to extract some of your venom."
"Why? I've never—"
"Your venom, mixed with the contents of this vile, I believe is the key to saving Jason's life. Your venom will heal his injuries and the liquid from the laboratory will prevent his change."
"But you're not sure?" I could sense the doubt in his voice.
"No."
"This isn't a trick—no, I know you wouldn't do that. What do I have to do?"
"Bite the leather and expel your venom."
"I've never—"
"I realize that, but you must try. The potion won't work without it."
I opened my mouth and Benjamin pressed the leather cylinder between my teeth. I bit down, easily tearing into the leather.
"Think of Jason. How much he means to you. How painful his death will be. Concentrate, feel the anger—the thirst." Benjamin urged.
I bit harder, shaking my head—Jason's heart skipped a beat and then there was a sweet taste in my mouth.
"Open." Benjamin said. He withdrew the shredded leather and wrung it tightly over the bottle.
I breathed another breath into Jason's lungs. When I looked up, three drops of venom dripped into the bottle.
"Excellent." Benjamin said. "You've done well." He stuffed the piece of leather in his pocket and then lifted the vile, swirling it to mix the two liquids. When he was satisfied with the solution, he set the bottle back on the backboard. It was shimmering, almost glowing. "Elizabeth will come in to administer the medication to you."
"To me? I don't understand."
"She will explain everything. This is your choice, Izzy. I can offer no guarantees. He may change, it might kill him in his fragile condition, but it is the best I can do."
"I understand." I filled Jason's lungs with another breath.
"Make your decision quickly, the longer you wait—"
"I got it Dad."
Benjamin kissed my cheek and then smiled—a sad smile it seemed—and turned away. He looked back when he got to the door. "Good luck. You know I support your decision."
"Thank you."
"I love you." He turned, the door swooshed open and he walked out into the hallway with Elizabeth and Jason's mom.
"I don't understand." Jason's mom said.
Benjamin led them down the hall, past the windows, but more importantly beyond my ability to hear what they were saying. I looked down at the elegant glass vial—medicine or poison? There was no way to know.
I knew my family well enough to know Elizabeth would not discuss the choice—or consequences, only the 'administration' as Benjamin called it. Was it worth the risk? Certainly Jason's life was worth the risk, but what if it was poison—he was going to die regardless and my existence would end shortly after—this entire thing was my fault already. Then there was the possibility it would change him. Jason would be a magnificent vampire and we could be together forever—I couldn't do that to him, not even now. I could kill him if he started the change, but I knew I was weak, what if I waited too long—would that really be that bad? The choice was impossible. The door swooshed open.
"How is he?" Elizabeth said from just inside the doorway. Benjamin and Jason's mom were behind her.
I couldn't say it, so I shook my head.
"What is your decision?"
"Now? I have to decide now?"
"Yes, child—dear." She corrected.
"Try." I blurted out. There really was no other choice. I couldn't just let Jason die—not if there was a chance, no matter how remote.
Elizabeth turned toward Benjaim. His expression was so strange, resolute—accepting maybe. He looked past Elizabeth to me, nodded approvingly and then escorted Jason's mom just inside the room. The door swooshed closed behind them as I filled Jason's lungs with another breath.
"I love you." I whispered. "I'd do anything for you."
Elizabeth turned at the sound of my voice. "Then you've made the right choice."
Jason's mom walked toward Jason and I slowly—she looked so frail—so distraught. She stopped next to Elizabeth.
"She is willing to try." Elizabeth said.
Jason's mom looked at me. "I don't understand any of this, but Elizabeth reminded me of my faith—faith in God—faith in you—Jason's life is in your hands like it has been since the day you two met." She looked to Elizabeth and then back to me. "May I?"
"Please."
She walked, feebly to his bedside while I filled Jason's lungs with another breath. "I love you." I whispered and then lifted up further away from Jason than I had been doing so she could see his face.
She leaned down and kissed Jason's cheek, then kissed me on the cheek. "I believe in angels and I've come to believe that that is what you are. I don't understand how, or why, but I will pray. I leave Jason's life in your loving hands." She turned and staggered back toward Benjamin. He met her halfway, supported her and escorted her out of the room.
Elizabeth followed to the door, locked it when she got there, and then pulled the drapes closed. Next, she walked deliberately to the monitoring equipment and somehow seemed to know exactly how to disconnect everything.
"The nurses will be alerted." I said.
"The doctors have agreed to let you have these final hours together, in peace. The only device that will still operate is the button to call the nurse." She walked around behind me as I exhaled another breath into Jason's lungs. 
"I love you."
She smiled. "Before we begin, I want you to know how much we—how much I love you. You have meant everything to me."
"You know how much I love you, all of you. Not that it matters, but am I in danger?"
"It matters a great deal, to everyone. As you've said many times, your fate lies with Jason unless you have changed your mind."
"No, whatever we're about to do, that has to be our last chance."
"Very well." Elizabeth picked up the potion Benjamin had left on the backboard. "I'm going to put a few drops of this on your tongue. After I do, you are to breath it into Jason's lungs. Several breaths."
"Okay." I opened my mouth, inhaled deeply and then Elizabeth dripped four drops onto my tongue. I lowered my lips to Jason's and filled his lungs with my breath. "I love you." I filled his lungs with the aromatic potion several more times.
We waited, but nothing happened. I continued with three more breaths, but noticed the aroma had dissipated considerably, leaving a slightly sweet aftertaste.
"Do you know how long it takes the drug to work?" I asked.
"It may not."
I filled Jason's lungs with another breath and this time I felt a surge of warmth from deep within him. "There." I said.
"Something?"
I filled his lungs again and felt his warmth grow. "Yes, he's gaining strength."
"Open your mouth." Elizabeth commanded.
When I did, she poured the remainder of the potion into my mouth.
"Swallow, all of it."
I followed her instructions. The potion was sour, but laced with the same sweet aftertaste as my venom. "What happens now?"
"You're going to sleep—"
"We don't sleep—I can't, if I fall asleep I can't hold Jason's neck."
"It will be gradual. While the potion is rejuvenating your body you must continue to breath for him, as long as you can."
"But—"
"I will help you hold him." Elizabeth slid around behind me and wrapped her arms around me. She covered my hands with hers as I breathed another breath into Jason's lungs. On my next breath, Elizabeth began to hum—an old song it seemed, one a mother might sing to a child. She rocked me rhythmically back and forth between breaths.
Slowly my senses dulled, my mind became cloudy—confused. I struggled to keep my eyes open. "Elizabeth?" I slumped forward.
"Jason is okay, he's breathing on his own now."
"It's working?" I mumbled.
"Yes, it is working."
Chapter 30
Consciousness slowly began to return. While my senses were still dulled, I could feel Elizabeth's arms still around me. My eyelids were too heavy to open but the space around us—presumably still the ICU was quiet. I tried to speak, but couldn't. I inhaled an odorless breath—that seemed odd, there was always something, but I dismissed it as the pulse of a heartbeat against my back drew all my attention. Did the potion work? That couldn't be Elizabeth, it had to be Jason—I wasn't supporting his neck. The heartbeat was strong, much stronger than I remembered. We were on our sides. My arms were heavy, but I managed to intertwine my fingers between his. I pulled his arms tighter around me. The chemistry between us was strong, but lacked the heat I'd grown so accustom too.
"Ugh."
"Jason?"
"Izzy?" His arms tightened around me.
"You're alive."
"Am I?"
I let go of his hands, and rolled in his arms until we were facing one another. "You're perfect."
"Did you change me? I mean we're the same temperature." He pressed his lips to mine and we kissed. The chemistry—the heart warming elation was incredibly, beautiful. He pulled back even though I resisted. "I love you." He squeezed my hip, then my shoulder, and then cupped my cheek in his hand and kissed me again.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to change you—I swore." My lips brushed his and we exchanged a tender kiss this time.
"You don't have to apologize—I always hoped—expected, but I had no idea the feelings between us could be so much more. This feeling is amazing—you're beautiful."
"You're even more magnificent than I dreamed you would be." His sandy hair reflected the bluish tint of the florescent overhead lights. His hair curled at his neck and temples. The stubble of adolescent facial hair descended from the curls at his temples, following his rugged jaw-line, completing the outline of his exquisite face. His heavy brow, lifted when our eyes met. His a dark chocolate brown, so dark his pupils were almost lost. My gaze continued down the crest of his nose. His nostrils flared as my gaze came to rest on his soft, moist lips. They parted as I moved in and kissed him. After a moment—too short, he pushed me back. "You're stronger than me." I said through a smile.
Jason smiled back, our lips still almost touching. He fell back on the bed, pulling me up on top of him. Our lips bumped together.
"Ouch." we both said.
"Wait a minute." I pushed back, sitting up next to him. "That hurt."
"I'm sorry, I didn't know it was like that between our kind." His eyes widened. "If we're both immortal, then who's heartbeat is that?"
I looked at him closer—stared. "Your lip's bleeding. Oh my God, it worked—you're still human!" I dropped down on him and kissed him over and over. "I can't believe it!" I kissed him again. His energy pulsed through me bringing with it an incredible feeling of love—tenderness and passion. The same feelings were reflected in his eyes. Suddenly he rolled us over until I was on my back and he was hovering over me.
"I'm still human?"
"Yes, your lip's bleeding. Poor baby, I'm sorry."
Jason wiped his finger across his lip, looked at it a moment and then abruptly pressed his bloody finger into my mouth. He rubbed it against my tongue before pulling it out. "What do you taste?"
"A salty, rusty, metalic taste."
"And your thirst?"
"Nothing, but that went away while I was breathing for you."
"You were breathing for me?"
"I'd do anything to save your life."
Jason's loving expression turned anxious. "Trust me?"
"Always."
He lifted a hand and began to move it slowly toward my breast.
"Jason." I warned.
"Trust me."
I closed my eyes and nodded.
His hand gently touched my chest, between my breasts—he pressed harder and I could feel his heartbeat in the palm of his hand.
I opened my eyes as he pulled it away. "What's wrong?"
Jason reached over to the hospital tray next to us and pulled a tissue out of it's box. "I just want to wipe my blood off your face."
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize."
Jason nodded as he wiped my lips with the tissue. He licked the corner of the tissue, wiped my lips again and then tossed the tissue in the trash container by the wall.
"Nice shot." I looked back up into his eyes. "What is it? You're scaring me."
Jason reached down and touched my upper lip with his finger. He pulled it back until it was between us. "You're bleeding."
"I don't—" I stared at the blood on his finger and then touched my lip. I held my finger up next to his. I lay there frozen.
Jason licked my blood off his finger and then pressed his hand against my chest again. "Feel that?"
"Your heartbeat."
"Press your hand against my chest." he said.
"Why? I don't see—"
"Just do it." His voice was tender, but firm.
"Okay." I placed my hand against his bare, perfectly sculpted chest.
Jason pressed his weight against my hand. "Feel that?"
"Yes, your heartbeat."
"And?"
The rhythm in his hand against my chest was faster. "They're not the same—that's impossible." I tried to get up, but couldn't lift him. Jason must have realized and eased back. I sat up next to him and grabbed the stethoscope off the hospital table. I put the curved pieces in my ears and pressed the rubber disc on the other end against my chest. My heart was beating—there was no question. I pulled the stethoscope out of my ears and let it fall to the floor.
"You gave up immortality—for me?" Jason said.
"No—yes—I don't know. Benjamin's potion, it must have used my strength to heal you and in doing so—" I turned slowly to look at him. I could feel the joy radiating from my face like waves of heat. "I'm human. Do you know what this means?"
Jason hesitated.
"I love you." I reached for him.
Jason pulled me onto his lap in an embrace and kissed me. "Till death do us part."
"Till death do us part."
* * *
I explained to Jason what had transpired since the accident. He remembered bits and pieces, but very little after the impact. There were clothes for us to change into—presumably left by Jason's mom or Elizabeth. We avoided the temptation and took turns changing behind the drape that pulled around the bed.
I wheezed as Jason hugged me.
"Sorry, you're going to have to keep reminding me—" he said, "it's going to take some getting used to."
"Ya think?"
"Yeah, you're going to have to be extra careful. Don't worry though, I'll keep an eye on you." He winked.
"I bet you will. What's that smell?"
"Looks like they left some food. Hungry?"
"Famished. They really thought of everything." I put my hand on my stomach, the source of an unfamiliar growling sensation. 
We ate the portions of hospital food—woofed them down really.
"Now what?" Jason said.
I looked over at the hospital bed and the call button that Elizabeth had taped to the railing. "I guess we push the button."
"Do you think we should? I mean from what you've told me, I'm supposed to be dead and you, maybe they want to figure out what you are. We could make a run for it."
"I don't think it's necessary, it doesn't seem like our parents left much to chance."
We walked hand-in-hand back over to the call button taped to the bed.
"Ready?" Jason said.
"Yeah, ready."
We kissed and he pushed the button. For a moment, nothing happened but then came the muffled swoosh of the door behind the drapes.
"Jason? Izzy?" It was Jason's mom's voice as she floundered in the drapery, looking for the opening. Finally she just stooped down and lifted them up over her head and stumbled into the room. When she saw us, she burst into tears. She raced across the room and flung herself into Jason's arms—kissing and hugging him. After a minute, she rested her head against his chest and our eyes met. She reached out and pulled me into their embrace.
We stayed like that for a longtime, until she had no more joyful tears to shed. Finally, she stepped back and grasp our hands—Jason and I were already holding hands. She asked us to bow our heads, and she prayed. She thanked God for his mercy, for his strength that saw us through the ordeal, and finally thanked him for angels and that he had allowed me to give up my wings to save Jason's life. She concluded with a reverent, "Amen."
"Where are my parents?" I asked.
"I don't know for sure," she said, "they left right after Elizabeth emerged from the room."
"Did they say anything?"
"Not before they left."
"Mom," Jason said, "you're avoiding Izzy's question, where are they?"
"Gone." she mumbled.
"Gone?" I gasped. "Where?"
"I don't know. Elizabeth said there would be things at our house that would help you understand."
"We have to go," I demanded, "I have to find them."
"Izzy, Elizabeth said you would want to look for them, but she said you would never find them."
"What? That was never part of the agreement."
"I'm sorry, you've paid so dearly for Jason's life. There's one more thing, I offered to look after you if you'll allow me."
"They abandoned me, what choice do I have? I'm sorry, I didn't mean that like it sounded."
"Of course not, I understand. It's a lot to digest all at once."
Jason pulled me tighter against his side. "For now."
I looked up into his dark, beautiful eyes filled with sorrow for what his life had cost me. I nodded, stroking his cheek with my free hand. "I love you."
"I love you." he echoed back.
Jason's mom, pulled back the drapes. Beyond the glass wall, it looked like the entire ICU staff had gathered in the hallway, even Frank, the EMT from the helicopter. To the last one, their faces reflected the wonder of witnessing a miracle. The walk out of the ICU was filled with hugs, tears of joy and expressions of wonder.
"Don't forget to put on your coats, it's bitter outside." Jason's mom said as we crossed the waiting area of the Emergency Room.
"Look." Jason said as we approached the exit.
Beyond the door there was a crowd of people. Jason's mom opened the door and waited until we walked outside to cheers of joy and celebration. People neither of us knew, shook our hands and offered prayers of thanks—many crossed themselves. There was a news crew, but they let us pass without pressing for an interview. I guess, in our case, a picture was worth a thousand words. The crowd parted as we followed Jason's mom to her car. Once we were inside, the people lined the parking lot row and the drive out of the hospital, waving as we passed. We were on Route 70, headed west toward Boonsboro before any of us spoke.
"I hope you don't mind," Jason's mom said, "but there's one more stop we need to make before we get home."
"The school?" Jason surmised.
"Yes." Jason's mom looked up into the rearview mirror. "Is that alright with you, Izzy?"
"Sure, it's the least we can do to thank everyone for their prayers. Could you turn up the heat? I'm not used to the cold—I'm freezing."
"Certainly." She turned the knob on the dash and the fan came on full.
Jason pulled me closer. I leaned my head against his shoulder and we rode in silence, except for the soft Christmas music from the CD his mom put on.
When we crossed the mountains, the scene outside turned to a winter wonderland of freshly fallen snow. We rode though town and approached the scene of the accident—the pole where we were hit was still bent, but the window I'd been thrown through was covered with plywood. I started to cry—tears actually flooding out of my eyes, down my cheeks. Jason pulled my face down against his coat so I wouldn't see anymore as we passed. Finally, we turned up the road to the school parking lot. Jason gave me a tissue to wipe my face.
There were orange cones out front of the school and Jason's mom followed them past the packed parking lot to the curb just outside the doors. We parked behind the fire truck that had transported Jason to the stadium.
"You two go ahead." Jason's mom said. "I'll be along."
"Come with us, Mom."
"Please," I added.
"Very well."
Jason opened our door and we slid out. A gust of wind blew a cloud of snow over us.
"Just like the helicopter." I mumbled.
"What?" Jason said.
"Can we go inside, it's freezing?"
We rushed across the shoveled sidewalk to the main entrance. Jason opened the door and held it until both his mom and I were inside.
"Your lips are blue." He observed as the door closed behind him.
"Ms. Moore's Office first." his mom said. She opened the front office door and we went inside, crossed the lobby and then stepped into Ms. Moore's office with a combined gasp.
Her office was crowded, the firemen were their, the local EMTs, Officer Burns, Coach and of course Ms. Moore. They knew what they were seeing, but you could see in their faces that they couldn't believe it.
The firemen and EMTs filed out shaking our hands as they left. Jason thanked them for saving his life and I kissed each and every one of them on the cheek.
Officer Burns stopped while he was shaking Jason's hand. "The Curly's are going to be awfully glad to hear you made it." he said.
"Izzy said she thought it was an accident." Jason said.
"Derrick blew a .135 and got behind the wheel—throw in the weather, well, alcohol, ice, driving, it was a lethal combination—almost." He patted Jason on the back. "Real glad you pulled through." He looked over at me and then back to Jason. "I wouldn't let that one get away. What she did—pretty darn amazing."
"I don't plan to." Jason said.
They shook hands again and Officer Burns followed the firemen out of the room.
"For once, I'm speechless," Coach said, hugging Jason gingerly.
"That all you got old man?" Jason teased and squeezed Coach harder. There were happy tears from both of them—from all of us.
Ms. Moore wiped her eyes. "I don't know what to say either, Izzy. What they say you did—what I saw that night at the hospital—the courage—the sacrifice that it took is beyond words. You are truly blessed."
"Thank you." We hugged, to my surprise, she pulled me off my feet.
"Are you up to another appearance?"
Jason looked toward me. "I'm good, you?"
"Sure."
Coach and Ms. Moore led us down the hallway toward the gym. I clung to Jason tighter, as we past the bathroom where I had been abducted.
"I remember watching you walk down this hall in the Beauty and the Beast dress." he whispered. "You were so beautiful. Try to remember it that way."
I rested my head against his shoulder. We stopped at the doors, just like that night.
"You sure you're up to this?" Ms. Moore asked.
"You don't have to, not now." Coach added.
Jason and I looked into one another's eyes and kissed. "We're ready." Jason said.
Coach opened the doors and the random crowd noise that there had been as we approached fell silent. Ms. Moore motioned for us to go in. We wrapped an arm around each others waist and walked into the gym. Jason's mom followed and then Ms. Moore and Coach. There wasn't a sound.
Mrs. Snyder hobbled up to us on crutches and kissed Jason and I on the cheek. "Thank God you are alright. It truly is a season of miracles, one none of us will ever forget.
"Praise the Lord," a white-haired woman called out from the edge of the bleachers closest to us.
"Bless you, Judy." Jason's mom responded.
Judy started singing in an incredibly, angelic voice.
Jason leaned over and whispered. "Judy's the soloist at church."
"...When I in awesome wonder
Consider all the works
Thy hands have made"
Jason kissed the top of my head. I looked up and we were both crying.
"I see the stars
I hear the rolling thunder
Thy power throughout
The universe displayed"
Judy looked over at us through tear filled eyes. "Then sings my soul..."
Everyone stood and joined Judy in the chorus, "How great thou Art, How great thou Art."
* * *
I was exhausted by the time we got to Jason's house. I wasn't used to human physical and emotional limitations, but Jason on the other hand, still seemed invigorated—perhaps something to do with the venom in the healing potion. We were all surprised to find all my things moved into the quest room, even Jason's mom. On the kitchen table, there was a box filled with school records, medical records, the works, everything I needed to carry on a normal human life. Jason's mom finally got up from the table.
"Goodnight." She paused as a smile spread across her face. "I didn't think I'd ever say that to you again—to either of you."
I got up and stepped into her open arms. "Thank you." I whispered in her ear.
She cried and then eased back. "Bless you. You truly are the embodiment of the word love. I love you, Izzy. Goodnight, kids."
"Mom," Jason called after her as she neared the top of the stairs. "I'm going to take Izzy by the Faulkner place."
"I understand. Drive carefully, and bundle up."
We hurried out to the Rover and headed out the driveway. I was still freezing.
"Did you notice the picture by the fireplace was gone?" I said.
"I did."
"Do you think she knows?"
"Not the truth, but I think she believes you were Isabella Newton's angel and you came back to save me. I think, like the song tonight, she holds you in a place of 'awesome wonder'."
The snow in the field at the base of Lambs Knoll was undisturbed, but Jason crossed the field where the tracks should be and up the side of the mountain. Except for the front porch light, the house was dark.
He pulled to a stop at the base of the snow covered front steps. "Ready?"
"I don't know what I expect to find, they're obviously not here, but—"
"You feel drawn, I know, I feel like I was supposed to bring you here—tonight." He pulled my hand up to his lips and kissed it. "You look exhausted."
"I am. Maybe we should do this tomorrow?"
"No, we're supposed to be here." Jason pushed open his door, ran around to my side, helped me out and then up the steps to the front porch. "Still got your key?"
"I'm not—" I patted the front pocket of my jeans. "Yeah, it's here." I unlocked the front door and Jason followed me inside.
Except for the lack of personal items, the house looked exactly the way it did when I left to go over to Jason's the night of the accident. We glanced around the rooms downstairs and then went upstairs. Not so much as a picture had been left behind—as if no one had ever lived here. We started back toward the stairs from Elizabeth and Benjamin's empty room.
"I don't know what I expected to find, there's nothing here."
"We're missing something." Jason said as we walked down the steps.
"I don't know what?"
Jason led me into the parlor. Except for the furniture, it was void of any personal items like all the other rooms. Jason tugged my hand and started across the room.
"Look, there's two chess pieces on the board."
On the table under the window, moonlight cast a faint shadow across the board, illuminating the outline of two chess pieces in a blue halo.
"The king and queen." I whispered and looked up into Jason's eyes. "Us?"
He didn't respond, but seemed to be mesmerized by the chessboard. "Stay here." he finally said. He walked across the room, flipped off the overhead light and returned to my side. "There, do you see it?"
"See what?"
Jason stooped, pulling me down with him. "Look closely."
There, scrolled in the dust,
We love you, forever.
Elizabeth
We were both crying when we stood. Jason slowly reached toward the table, but I stopped him.
"Don't, I want to leave it like it is." I said.
"Notice the way the 'h' in Elizabeth trails off the front of the table—and the other letters are perfect, like you'd expect."
"Yes."
"I think there's more." He reached out, gently grasped the handle of the drawer and slip it open, bathing the contents in moonlight. A sparkling object lit up the room in tiny facets of blue light. Jason reached into the drawer and withdrew an official looking paper.
"What is it?"
"The deed to this house, it's made out in the names of Mr. Jason Whitaker and Mrs. Isabella Faulkner Whitaker."
"You can't be serious?"
He set the paper on the edge of the table and reached back into the drawer. As he withdrew his hand, the blue sparkles moved with him. "You recognize this?"
"It's Elizabeth's ring."
"And this one?" He withdrew a gold band and set it on the deed.
"Benjamin's."
Jason knelt in front of me, took my left hand gently in his and looked up into my face. "Your parents left these rings so we could fulfill our dream. "Will you marry me?"
"But—yes, yes, of course I'll marry you."
Jason slipped Elizabeth's ring on my finger—naturally a perfect fit—kissed the ring and then my hand. He slowly stood, pulled me tightly against his chest and wrapped his arms around me. I wrapped my arms around him. We stood silently, two hearts beating as one, from this moment on, until death do us part.
The End

I want to take this opportunity to thank you for spending your valuable time reading my work. I truly hope you enjoyed Till Death Do Us Part, and the entire Southern Exposure Saga. A book review is a great way to let me know if you enjoyed my work.

Thanks again,
Lari
Connect with Lari Smythe Online:
Facebook:  http://facebook.com/lari.smythe
Smashwords:  http://smashwords.com/profile/view/larismythe

Coming in 2015
Off the Grid, Book II in the Perpetual Motion Series
Book IV of The Southern Exposure Saga???

