To Earth and Back
The Afterlife
William Boardman

To Earth and Back
The Afterlife
William Boardman
Published by William Boardman
Smashwords Edition
Copyright© 2018 William Boardman
All rights reserved.
Cover by William Boardman and Smattila
To Earth and Back is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Conventions
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Acknowledgements
Cited Works
About the Author

For Nora—My Inspiration

Conventions
All languages are presented in English. Weights and measures are based on Earth standards. Alien institutions, scientific concepts, medical treatments, and plant and animal life are described in terms commonly understood on Earth. References to advanced technology and space travel are based on modern theory and ongoing scientific research. Representations of Earth’s geography are reasonably accurate, and historical references are closely aligned with real-world events.

Prologue
I am presenting To Earth and Back in a two-book series—The Mission (Book 1) and The Afterlife (Book 2). Having the first book under your belt will, I feel, greatly enhance your reading of the second. The following narrative is intended as a refresher.
———————
Near the center of the constellation Cetus is Tau Ceti, a star very similar to our own Sun. Of its five planets, Portho is the only one revolving within the habitable zone. Though Portho is barren, Marcova, one of its two moons, is an earth-like world with a thriving population. The inhabitants are physically, mentally, and emotionally identical to those of Earth, except in stature, where they average six inches taller in their respective genders. Compared to Earth, this benevolent civilization is completely unified, technologically superior, and fully engaged in research and exploration.
Some of their discoveries and advances include space travel at light-speed and beyond, artificial gravity, and object replication—And in the field of genetics: a two-hundred-year lifespan, cell regeneration, and the elimination of nearly all forms of disease.
Since their first interstellar expedition entered Earth orbit in 803 AD, Marcovan explorers have been studying every aspect of our world: plant life, wildlife, geology, history, civilization, and cultures.
This story takes place in the spring of 1948, three years after World War II. At that time, Marcovan Earth Research Station (ERS) 23 and its four-hundred-member crew had been orbiting our planet for over fifteen years, with thirty-five years remaining before returning home.
In an effort to better understand Earth cultures, each crewmember had been tasked to observe a single individual within a specific culture, this made possible by a network of sophisticated observation satellites. These case studies began when the subject was very young and continued throughout ERS 23’s fifty-year mission.
At the onset of the mission, Dr. Ariel (Ari) Stratford, the ship’s senior medical officer, selected the Hebrew culture and had just begun observing his young case study when the child died from an illness. He then requested and was approved to continue on with the family by transferring his study to the boy’s seven-year-old sister, Adina (Adie) Behr.
As the years passed, something unusual happened—Ari found himself becoming emotionally attached to Adie. This became evident when she experienced a traumatic event in the latter stages of the war. Deeply depressed by the incident, Ari sought help from Dr. Walt Maran, a ship’s counselor and close friend.
Four years later, Adie had immigrated to Israel and was living in a kibbutz (commune) on the country’s northern border.  Having become a Messianic Jew en route to Israel, the young woman found herself an outcast among her own people.
Then two things happened in close succession: Adie was diagnosed with cancer, and the neighboring Arab nations finalized plans to attack Israel, placing her in grave danger. For Ari, the first revelation was crippling—the second, devastating. At wit’s end, he petitioned the ship’s council for a rescue mission, intending to move Adie to safety before the attack and treat her cancer in the process.
With the captain’s support, the council approved Ari’s request, and he assembled a small crew of close friends and associates: Merrick Borgan, Landing Craft Pilot; Walt Maran, Ship’s Counselor; Jack Corban, Operations Officer; and Ship’s Nurses Brooke Hayden and Katie Warren. In less than twenty hours they devised a plan, assembled their gear, configured the rescue craft, and launched.
During the mission the crew encountered a number of unforeseen circumstances. First, the initial stage of the rescue was interrupted when Syrian forces unexpectedly attacked Adie’s compound. At the same time, Ari got his first live glimpse of Adie and realized his feelings for her ran much deeper than he thought. Then just as they met, Adie passed out and hit her head. Unarmed and forced to defend Adie with nothing but a few flash capsules and his body armor, Ari was twice wounded by rifle fire while carrying her to the landing craft.
With all of the chaos, the crew didn’t discover Ari’s wounds until they had lifted off from the compound. Even then, Ari refused treatment, professing his love for Adie and insisting that she be allowed to return with them to the ship. Although the ship’s captain took some convincing, he eventually gave his approval, with the condition that Adie come of her own free will. So, when Ari lost consciousness due to his wounds, and Adie revived, it fell to the rescue crew to persuade her to stay and return with them to the ship. In the end, their efforts proved successful, and everyone turned their attention to removing the bullets—one lodged in Ari’s shoulder, the other, deep in his thigh.
A medical scan showed Ari’s blood levels to be dangerously low, so Brooke started transfusing a limited supply of his own blood. Then, when the leg wound proved too challenging for the nurses, Adie stepped in with her battlefield experience and completed both extractions. Following the procedure, Ari was still dangerously low on blood.
With the need to keep Ari’s injuries confidential, it was critical that he be ambulatory upon their return to the ship. Therefore, more blood was essential. A quick check showed that Adie was the only qualified donor among them, and once again she stepped forward. However, so much blood was needed that when Ari finally regained consciousness, Adie passed out and remained unconscious for the duration of the mission.
When the rescue crew returned to the ship, Merrick remained at the landing craft to complete his postflight while Jack returned to his work center. Brooke departed with Ari to care for his wounds, and Katie went to pick up a transfusion kit and some blood for Adie.
As The Mission drew to a close, Walt took possession of Adie, still unconscious on the gurney, and accompanied her to her assigned quarters on the key personnel deck...
And thus begins The Afterlife—

Chapter 1
To Walt, the sight seemed strange, almost shocking. For two years he had passed by the sealed entrance on his way to work. Now it stood open—even inviting. As he walked Adie’s gurney across the foyer and into the living space, his mind went back to earlier days and fond memories of Mrs. Argon’s social gatherings. Looking around, he could see some things had changed since her passing—most likely during the last few hours, he thought, to prepare for Adie. Though, it pleased him to see that the antiquities display and most of the artwork still remained.
Entering the bedroom, he brought Adie’s gurney to a stop, then lifted and carried her to the large circular bed near the center of the room. After making her comfortable, he pulled up a seat and settled in.
Some minutes later, he looked up to see Katie walk in, followed dutifully by a floating med cart. “How’s the Doc?” he asked concerning Ari.
“Doing well, all things considered,” Katie said, removing a pouch of Ari’s blood from the cart. “His wounds should be fine by morning.” After checking Adie’s vital signs, she reached up and suspended the pouch from a disk hovering a few feet above the cart.
Walt noted Katie’s stifled yawn. “So, this transfusion...how long will it take?”
Katie uncoiled a length of tubing from the pouch. “Her system is a little more delicate than ours—up to six hours, I’d say.”
“My word...are you going to make it? I thought I’d go back to the office, but perhaps I should stay.”
“No, no, that’s okay. But maybe you wouldn’t mind picking up some flowers down on Deck 8? I think she would like that.”
“Perfect,” Walt said, heading for the door. “Be right back.”
———————
A half-hour later, Walt returned with a cart of flower-filled vases.
“Oh my, those are lovely,” Katie said. “Thank you.”
Walt stayed on for a short time before heading in to work.
Heavy-eyed and weary, Katie fought drowsiness by arranging flowers on the long counter behind Adie’s bed. Then, standing back to survey her work, she felt her com-link vibrate and glanced down at the miniature display. It was Merrick, alert and smiling.
“Hey, you look beat,” he said. “Are you with Adie?”
“Uh-huh,” she answered, a little groggy.
“Postflight’s done... Like some company?”
“Uh-huh.”
“You going to be awake when I get there?”
“Uh-huh....”
“Oh, brother...I’ll be right up.”
Leaving the landing craft, Merrick moved briskly across the launch bay and entered the lift. “Deck 3—Boost.” A red light flickered on the annunciator panel, and the lift surged upward. Within seconds he was out and moving down the corridor. Finding Adie’s entrance open, he crossed the living space and entered the bedroom where he found Katie sitting on the sofa, dazed and exhausted.
“You should have called someone,” he complained, grabbing a pillow. “Here, why don’t you lie down? I can keep an eye on things.” He sat down beside her, put the pillow on his lap, and gave her a gentle tug.
“Thank you for coming,” she said, her head finding the pillow.
Merrick gave her shoulder a pat and softly brushed the hair from her face. “Everything’s fine now. I have this....”
———————
When Ari walked in three hours later, Katie was still sleeping.
“Hey Doc,” Merrick whispered, surprised to see him. “How’s the healing coming?”
Ari gave his leg a subtle flex. “Still a bit sensitive,” he said, taking in the scene. “How are the girls?”
“Resting comfortably...this one’s been out for some time. I think she just ran out of steam.”
Ari took a moment to change out the depleted pouch of blood. “Wasn’t exactly a vacation, was it?” he said of the rescue.
“Not how I’d describe it,” Merrick replied, smiling. “Though you must admit, it was fruitful.”
Ari pulled the desk seat up beside the bed. “Probably best to let them sleep,” he said, taking Adie’s hand.
With Merrick’s nod, the room fell silent.

Chapter 2
Adie lingered on for a moment between sleep and awake, mildly confused, but comfortable...hesitant to leave the dream. But voices were beckoning—little voices, and close—very close.
“She has an owie,” Claire whispered, on her stomach inches away.
The words registered, and Adie’s mind began to clear... Then, remembering everything, yet feeling secure, she decided to remain motionless and listen to the sweet conversation.
“Yes,” Jennie whispered, rubbing shoulders with her sister. “I wonder what happened.”
“I think I should kiss it,” Claire whispered back.
“No, silly, you’ll wake her....”
Claire looked Adie over carefully. “Do you think she’s an angel?”
Jennie gave the question some thought. “I’ve never seen an angel with one eye before.”
Claire smiled. “I don’t think God cares if you only have one eye... He’s nice like that.”
“She’s so beautiful,” Jennie observed. “Don’t you think she’s beautiful?”
“Uh-huh—and she smells nice too,” Claire said in a slightly raised voice.
“Shhh, you’ll wake her up.”
Without opening her eyes and in a soft voice, Adie offered her first words.
“Can’t a girl get any sleep around here?”
Jennie bumped Claire. “See, you woke her...”
Claire covered her mouth to muffle a giggle. “Rise and Sh-i-ne...Rise and sh-i-ne,” she sang in a sweetly innocent voice.
Adie rolled her head to the side for a look. “Oh my...how adorable,” she said of their little faces. “And who do you belong to?”
“Him,” Claire said, pointing to Ari who was leaning against the threshold.
“Good morning, sunshine,” he said warmly.
Adie propped herself up on both elbows. “I assumed you weren’t married,” she said, clearly troubled.
Heartened by her apparent disappointment, Ari said, “And you assumed correctly... Adie Behr, it is my pleasure to introduce Claire and Jennie Stratford, my little sisters.”
Adie was astonished. “My goodness! How old are your parents?”
Ari looked down at the floor, calculating. “Sixty-two, I believe.”
Confused, Adie said, “But, isn’t that a little old to be having children?”
Her comment drew a smile. “Not when your lifespan is two hundred years.”
“Two hundred! Gracious! That’s why you look so young,” Adie said, picking up a scent in the room. “What’s that lovely smell?”
“I think it’s what you’re wearing,” Claire suggested. “You smell so good.”
“You mean those?” Ari said, pointing to the flowers behind her.
Adie turned and took a quick breath. “Oh, how lovely.”
Ari moved forward. “Listen...the girls and I want to show you something. Do you mind?”
“Of course not,” Adie replied, curious.
“Well, it may sound a little strange, but we’re all going to have to lie down on our backs.”
Adie offered a quizzical expression.
“Don’t worry, the girls will protect you,” he said. “I believe you will be impressed...” He put the twins on either side of her and, with a subtle groan, sat and carefully maneuvered over next to Claire. “First, we have to name the interface for your quarters?”
Adie glanced at Ari. “Like Conrad, on the little spaceship?”
“My, you do catch on fast,” Ari said. “Yes, like Conrad.”
“How about Mary?”
“Nice name, but we have several Mary’s on the ship. You might want to pick something a little less common.”
“Leah, then.”
Ari paused for a moment. “Leah it is.”
He assigned the name and instructed Leah to make the room dark.
“Oh my,” Adie said, amazed at the complete blackness.
“Come on, Ari,” Jennie pleaded. “I want to see what she says.”
“Patience, little one. We have to give our eyes a little time to adjust.”
“But I don’t think we’ll ever adjust to this, will we?” Adie asked.
“Oh, believe me, it has nothing to do with the dark,” Ari said, stretching the conversation for a few minutes more.
“Okay, I think that’s probably long enough,” he said, turning toward Adie and coming up on one elbow. “Adie, why don’t you ask Leah to clear the window?”
Leah’s response was immediate, and for Adie, breathtaking. “My word, what a sight!” she exclaimed as the cosmos lit up the room. “How bright everything is.”
“See anything familiar?” Ari asked.
Adie pointed... “That’s Orion, isn’t it?”
“Uh-huh.”
“What’s that on the side of his belt?” she asked as Ari reached up for her hand. “It looks like—” Adie temporarily lost concentration. “It looks like a blue cloud?” Her voice softened as their hands came to rest on Claire’s knee.
Claire grinned and glanced at Adie. “You’re holding hands,” she whispered. “That’s nice.”
Overhearing her sister, Jennie took hold of Adie’s other hand.
The simple gesture stirred Adie’s emotions, and she pondered the events of the past day. “What an amazing thing life is,” she said, reflecting. “One day the world is falling out from under you...the next, you feel secure and content.”
Claire turned her head toward Adie. “I like the little bears on your pajamas.”
“Me too,” Jennie said. “I think they’re cute.”

Chapter 3
Ari initiated a gradual increase in room lighting and moved to the edge of the bed. “Well, little ones, I’m afraid Miss Adie and I need to have a little grown-up talk. It’s probably time you head on home.”
“Oh, Ari,” Jennie complained, ”do we have to?”
Sympathizing, Adie looked at Ari and stuck out her lower lip.
“I’ll tell you what,” Ari said. “Why don’t you two go and tell mom to start breakfast? We’ll be along in about thirty minutes.”
Cheered by the news, the twins exchanged wide-eyed grins and sped out of the room.
“They are so cute,” Adie said, watching the barrier close behind them.
Ari gave a nod. “I love them to death.”
“Well, who wouldn’t?” Adie said, scooting over to put her feet on the floor. She pounded lightly on the mattress. “This is some bed...and this room...do you mind if I look around?”
“Feel free,” Ari said with a grand gesture.
The bed was nearly eight feet in diameter and surrounded by a variety of seating, a dresser, and cabinets. The bathroom was on the opposite side of a spacious walk-in closet.
Adie wandered into the bathroom. “Oh, my, this apartment is lovely.”
“It belonged to the captain’s mother,” Ari said, “...a wonderful soul. She passed away a few years ago.”
“Oh, how sad.”
“Truly...we all miss her. She was not unlike your mother...loved to entertain...treated everyone as her equal—everyone.”
“She sounds sweet,” Adie said, returning.
Ari motioned toward the couch. “Why don’t we sit down for a moment?”
Adie took a seat, and he followed, wincing slightly as he settled in beside her.
“You’re still hurting,” she said. “Shouldn’t you rest?”
“I’m fine. It’s you I’m worried about. Your whole world is altered. I can’t imagine what you’re thinking....”
Adie offered an appreciative smile.
After a brief silence, Ari said, “During the mission last night, while I was unconscious, I assume you spoke with Doc Maran and the others.”
“Oh, yes.”
“Then you must have formed some impression of our culture... I think it might help to know what you think of us—I mean, as a people.”
Adie gave the question some thought. “Well, for one thing, you place a high value on honesty.”
“Yes, we do; as do you.”
“Everyone is very tall...healthy...strong—really quite beautiful.”
“As are you.”
Adie gave his hand a pat. “Stop, I’m trying to think... Let me see...you believe in the rule of law, equality, and the rights of others. You are loyal...thoughtful...kind, and a little humorous.”
“Nicely said, and believe me, we try to be all of those things—but remember...above all, we are human, and therefore, not perfect.”
“Who is?” Adie conceded.
Ari’s voice took on a more serious tone. “Please understand, nothing is more important to me than your happiness. The last thing I want is for you to feel uncomfortable. So you can rest assured, as long as you are with us, no one will ever force or coerce you to do anything against your will. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“I’m sorry, but I must ask: Do you feel you have been abducted or that you are being held here against your will?”
“I do not,” Adie said with conviction.
“And do you understand that you are free to go at any time—that we will return you to the surface within a matter of hours should you wish to leave?”
A frown formed on Adie’s brow. “But aren’t you afraid I’ll tell someone where I’ve been?”
The question drew a smile. “Do you think they would believe you?”
Adie considered for a moment and returned his smile.
“...Our feeling as well. Now then...is it your wish to stay on with us for a while? Dear Lord, please say ‘yes.’”
Still smiling, Adie stretched up and kissed him on the cheek.
“That would be a yes,” Ari said, clearly pleased. “And now for a little math and science.”
Adie drew back with a curious expression.
“As it turns out, our home, Marcova, is a little larger than Earth—twenty percent more mass to be exact. You weigh about 140 pounds, right?” (Adie appeared surprised.) “A perfect weight for you, I might add... Anyway, on Marcova, you would weigh about 175.
“Now, if you look at the decking, or flooring of this ship, you will see it is divided into panels, each one, 10-foot square. They control the gravity, which is usually set to what we are accustomed to on Marcova. So do you feel any heavier than normal?”
“Not really.”
“And you shouldn’t, because the panel under you has been set to adjust automatically to Earth gravity, and as you go throughout the ship moving from panel to panel, the gravity will adjust instantaneously. I say this because when you meet people, you may see an odd expression from time to time. Most of them aren’t used to gravity change, so just remember, it’s not you—it’s the gravity.”
“I understand...but isn’t there something I can do to adjust?”
Ari gave a nod. “Two things: exercise and a slow increase in gravity—maybe adding a pound every few days. Are you okay with that?”
“Oh yes.”
“Good. Katie can help with the exercise if you like. I’ll have some equipment brought to your quarters.”
Adie looked around. “Do you think it will fit?”
“I’m sure it will... So would you like to see the rest?”
“Of the ship?”
“No, the rest of your quarters.”
“But I thought these were my quarters.”
“Well, yes, but...” Ari eased off the couch and escorted her to the door. “There’s this,” he said and dismissed the barrier.
“Oh, my word!” Adie said, dumbfounded. “Unbelievable!”
———————
The main living space was completely open and expansive—seventy-five feet to the far wall and sixty feet wide, the only quarters on the ship specifically designed for entertaining. A long, serpentine sofa wove its way through the center of the room with four small tables and seating just beyond. The ceiling, which started high to Adie’s left, formed a graceful arc down to the right, following the lines of the ship’s outer hull. The lowest row of panels were clear, offering a stunning view of the heavens.
At the far end of the room on the right was the kitchen, which included a large curved bar, a cyclic, and other appliances.
To Adie’s left was an impressive still-image display, followed by the main entrance with its lavish foyer enhanced by three marble-like pillars. Just beyond the foyer was a semicircular room, housing the main display.
———————
“These quarters are one of the two largest on the ship. The other belongs to the captain,” Ari said, pointing across the room, “behind that far wall and to the left. At the moment, we’re standing on the forwardmost section of Deck 4—right side. That’s why the room has this curved shape.”
Adie walked over and looked up through the clear panels, admiring the view. “I don’t understand...why doesn’t someone else live here?”
“Well...when Mrs. Argon passed, it just stayed vacant. No one wanted to mention it for fear of hurting the captain.”
“But someone must have brought it up, or I wouldn’t be here.”
“...and that ‘someone’ was the captain. All we asked was where they wanted you to stay. I guess Capt. Argon overheard and, according to Jack, his response was immediate and wholehearted.”
“Well, he sounds like a very nice man.”
Ari nodded. “Truly, the best of men, and well loved by all.”
“So how many apartments are there?” Adie asked, once again sizing up the room.
“Nearly five-hundred.”
“For goodness sake! Then, how big is this ship?”
Ari thought for a moment. “Well, it’s kind of almond-shaped: maybe 1,500 feet long, almost a thousand feet wide, and about 200 feet high. We have 11 decks.”
Adie stood motionless, trying to come to terms with the scale.
“I can see I’ve got your wheels turning in there,” Ari said, lightly touching her forehead. “Why don’t we put this on hold and go to breakfast? I’ll introduce you to my parents.”
Adie’s face brightened. “Oh, that sounds delightful. Show me the way.”
Ari glanced at her nightgown and smiled. “But don’t you want to change first?”
“Oh, good heavens!” They both laughed. “Do I have time for a shower?”
“Absolutely, just tell Leah how warm you want the water. I think Katie put your outfit in the top right compartment of the long cabinet. Just let me know if you need any help.”
Adie reached up and gave his cheek a pat. “I think I can manage.”
“I was going to call Katie,” Ari said, mildly embarrassed.
“Uh-huh,” Adie said, withdrawing to the bedroom. “Leah, you can close the door, please.” She stepped into the bathroom for a closer look at the shower. “Leah, can you help me with this?”
“Yes, Miss Adie,” Leah responded in a calming voice.
Adie found the VIP uniform and carried it into the bathroom, placing it on the sink. The shower stood in the far corner, a floor-to-ceiling semi-transparent cylinder, four feet in diameter. The apparatus contained a myriad of water and air jets spaced at close intervals throughout the smooth interior. “How does this thing work?” Adie asked, removing her nightgown.
A transparent barrier on the glassy cylinder disappeared, creating an entrance.
“Just step inside, and we’ll get started,” Leah instructed.
Adie moved cautiously into the center of the shower, and the barrier closed behind her. Sensors determined her height and skin temperature and adjusted several settings. Warm air filled the chamber, and hundreds of water jets came to life. A soft soaking rinse enveloped her body from the neck down.
“This is just water,” Leah said. “I’ll add soap and turn on more water for your hair and face when you are ready. And if you prefer the water cooler or warmer, softer or harder, just let me know.”
As Adie stood surrounded in warmth and luxury, her mind began to replay the events of the past day—the horrors, the challenges, the kindnesses, the pleasures. Around and around they went in an endless looping procession until she finished her rinse, and the soft spray of the jets ceased. Before she could ask for a towel, torrents of warm, dry air swirled around her, leaving her completely dry in a matter of seconds. Sensors took note of her calloused hands.
“Your hands seem dry,” Leah said. ”Would you like some lotion?”
“Oh, yes, thank you.”
Leah directed Adie’s attention to a small flush-mounted panel on the shower wall. A blue annunciator light flashed once, and a miniature faucet extended, dispensing a small amount of lotion into Adie’s hand. The shower barrier opened, and she stepped out to get dressed.
———————
Ari was standing just outside when she emerged from the bedroom.
“A little flashy don’t you think?” she said, looking down at her uniform. “I mean the gold and all; aren’t I overdressed?”
Ari cleared his throat. “Been a while since I’ve seen a VIP outfit. That looks...really nice on you. Anyway, you are a VIP; the only one we’ve had in fifteen years. I think it’s perfectly appropriate—even expected.” He paused. “So how was your shower?”
“Oh, that was divine...but I couldn’t find a hairbrush,” she said, half asking, “at least, not in the bedroom.”
“Leah can help with that.”
Adie looked up. “Leah, where can I find a hairbrush?”
Through sensors in the ceiling, the interface read Adie’s hair-type and ordered the appropriate item. “Your brush is in the cyclic,” Leah replied.
Ari led Adie across the room to the cube-shaped appliance. Then, with his encouragement, she reached inside and removed the brush. “Well, how mysterious is that?” she marveled, running the brush through her hair.
“Aren’t you hungry?” Ari asked.
“Very,” she said, finishing with the brush and setting it on the counter.
Ari stepped outside the entryway into the corridor and invited her to follow. “You know, with all the confusion last night, I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced. I’m Ariel Stratford. Call me Ari, if you like.”
Adie giggled as they headed down the corridor. “And my name is—”
“Adina Marie Behr...and I can call you Adie...I know,” he kidded, bumping her slightly off balance.
She playfully pushed back, and they continued on their way.

Chapter 4
“Ready or not...we’re here!” Ari announced.
“We’re rea-dy,” Mrs. Stratford sang from the kitchen.
Mr. Stratford left his seat in the living space and followed his wife to the foyer.
With a grand smile, Ari said, “Mom and Dad, I’d like for you to meet a friend of mine, Miss—”
“Adie Behr,” they said, in unison.
“Brent and Rose Stratford,” Ari’s dad said, cupping Adie’s hand between his. “A pleasure to meet you.”
“Come on in,” Mrs. Stratford said, taking Adie’s arm. “Food’s on the table.”
“Adie’s here! Adie’s here!” the twins exclaimed, dashing in from their room.
“Now you two calm down,” Mr. Stratford said. “You need to give Mom and me a chance.”
The girls clung to Adie; one took a hand, the other hung on her leg.
“Let go now, you two, and have a seat,” Mrs. Stratford insisted.
“Mom, I hope you don’t mind,” said Ari, “it’s a little painful for me to sit right now.”
“Well, let’s just mingle then,” Mrs. Stratford said with an affirming smile.
In the center of the table was a large assortment of fruit, to which Mrs. Stratford added a plate of toast and jam.
“Oh my, look at those oranges,” Adie said. “They look like grapefruit.”
“And I assure you, they’re nothing like what you have down on the surface,” Mr. Stratford said.
“I hope you don’t mind a vegetarian diet,” Ari added.
“Are you kidding?” Adie said, detecting Ari’s smile. “But you knew that, didn’t you?”
Mr. Stratford took a moment to pray before the meal, then started a friendly dialogue regarding life in Israel.
Adie was amazed at the Stratford’s knowledge of her past.
“We’ve had almost daily updates from the beginning,” Mrs. Stratford said. “We were so happy when you became a Christian. And now, to have you here with us, well it’s like a miracle. You’ve been a part of our family for years...you just didn’t know it.”
“What a sweet thing to say...everyone has been so nice.”
A grin formed on Mr. Stratford’s face. “Except for that big fellow in the armor suit, I’ll bet.”
Adie stopped chewing and swallowed. “You know about that?”
“Yes,” he laughed. “Ari doesn’t keep much from us.”
“You must hate me. You know what I did?” she asked, avoiding specifics for the girls’ sake.
“We do...and no, we don’t hate you. Under the circumstances, who could blame you? Anyway, that armor is impenetrable, at least from the front. You weren’t going to hurt him. And when he carried you out...well...it was either going to be you or him at risk, and it surely wasn’t going to be you. No, Miss Adie, we couldn’t be more proud of him, or more pleased that you are here safe with us this fine day.”
Adie covered her mouth, her eyes welling.
Claire perked up. “Is Miss Adie going to cry?”
She was half-out of her seat when Ari gestured. “It’s okay, sweetie, she’ll be fine,” he said, gently rubbing Adie’s back.
“Do you all have this wonderful way with words?” Adie said.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean,” Mr. Stratford smiled.
Seeking a diversion, Mrs. Stratford turned to the twins. “You girls ought to show Adie your room.”
“Oh, yes,” Adie said. “I would like that.”
Claire moved around the table and took hold of Adie’s hand while Jennie went on ahead.
Watching Jennie skip off toward the bedroom and feeling the gentle tug of Claire’s hand, Adie felt her mind adrift, trying unsuccessfully to reconcile the peace of the moment with the heart-rending events of the previous day. Everything seemed strangely reminiscent of earlier days with her brothers on the farm.
She quickly became immersed in carefree conversation as the girls introduced her to a wide assortment of intriguing gadgetry clearly intended to both educate and entertain. Following the tour, she stopped off at the bathroom, sending the girls along to the kitchen.
Minutes later, as she stepped out, she overheard Ari speaking quietly with his mother in a small room off to her right. She reluctantly paused just past the doorway, picking up the conversation mid-sentence.
“...a willing deception on my part,” Ari lamented. “To me, that’s the same as a lie—and to Capt. Argon, of all people.”
In vain, Adie fought the temptation to eavesdrop.
“I’ll have to tell him, mom. It’s inexcusable.”
After a moment, Mrs. Stratford said, “And what if you had told operations everything?”
“Then the captain would have been duty-bound to order the crew to leave Adie on the surface and bring me back.”
“And what would that have meant for Adie?”
“It would have meant her death—whether at the hands of the Syrians or by cancer—what does it matter? She would still be gone.”
“Then you did it to save a life...and what of the examples in the Bible. Don’t you remember in Isaiah—Rahab the harlot, how she used deception to save the Israeli spies? And did God punish her? No, he delivered her—even placed her in the direct lineage of our Savior... So tell me, what would you change if you had it to do over?”
Ari’s answer was immediate. “Nothing...absolutely nothing—not now, not ever. I’m committed to her happiness, mom. I’ll protect her with my life.”
“And just as it should be,” Mrs. Stratford said, kissing his forehead.
Adie rested her head back against the wall. Ari’s words were sinking deep, driving out her innermost fears, replacing them with an overwhelming sense of security and peace. She slowly made her way back to the dining room, resuming a previous conversation with Mr. Stratford.
When Ari and his mother rejoined them, Adie was telling Mr. Stratford of life in the commune. She was nearly finished when she stopped, mid-sentence. A movement on the far side of the living space had caught her attention. She slowly backed away, putting Ari between herself and the object of her concern.
Noticing her apprehension, Ari looked across the room and blurted out a good-hearted laugh. He stepped back and put his arm over her shoulder. “Haven’t you ever seen a cat before?”
Adie pressed closer to Ari. “Not like that.”
Ari laughed again. “No...I’m quite sure you have never seen the likes of him.” He came down on one knee and beckoned the cat to come.
The family pet was indeed similar to the feline species of Earth, with a few exceptions: It stood nearly two feet tall at the shoulders, with a larger, more rounded head, and a much broader mouth...its teeth, more human-like than feline. Stripes ringed the body, head to tail, and though the two-toned species came in a variety of colors, Caesar’s stripes were deep blue and bright yellow.
“Mom, you really should put this guy on a diet,” Ari complained. “I mean, look at this belly.” He rubbed the cat’s stomach vigorously.
“No honey, actually I think he’s losing weight.”
Ari chuckled in frustration. “You always say that...and he just keeps getting bigger.”
“All right you two,” Mr. Stratford interrupted.
“Okay, okay. I know when I’m beat,” Ari said, standing. “Listen, I hope you don’t mind, but I think Adie and I should get going—big day ahead.”
Ari’s parents voiced their understanding and soon sent them on their way.
“What’s next?” Adie asked, the barrier closing behind them.
“Thought you might like to see where I live,” Ari replied. “It’s just down the hall.”
“I’d love that,” Adie said, taking his arm. “Your parents are really sweet.”
“My dad can be a little unpredictable at times, but he means well.”
“If you mean the comment about the armor,” Adie said, “that was nothing more than a father’s pride in his son.”
Her comment drew Ari’s smile. “My place is just up here on the left.”
As they approached his quarters, an entrance barrier opened unexpectedly on their right.
Ari turned abruptly and winced as pain shot up from his thigh.
“Mornin’, Doc,” the chief biologist said, swinging a backpack over his shoulder. “Now there’s a new face.” He extended his hand to Adie. “And who is this pretty lady, as if I didn’t know?”
Ari smiled at Adie and said, “Miss Adie Behr, I’d like for you to meet Dr. Neil Bradbury, our senior biologist.”
“Well, Miss Adie, it’s an honor to have you with us. I just wish I could stay and visit, but I have a team waitin’ in the launch bay and some plannin’ to do before we get underway.”
Adie expressed her understanding, and Dr. Bradbury moved off down the corridor, turning back briefly to address Ari. “Say Doc, you okay? You looked like you were in a little pain there.”
“Yeah, fine...just turned wrong,” Ari said in an elevated voice.
Dr. Bradbury gave a nod and went on his way.

Chapter 5
“Here we are,” Ari said, showing Adie in.
Barely across the threshold, Adie caught sight of her family’s images on the far wall and froze, mouth open.
Startled by her reaction, Ari following her gaze across the room, and promptly sank in a pool of embarrassment. “Oh, Dear Lord, I am so sorry. I wasn’t thinking. You must see this as a horrible invasion of privacy. I don’t know what—”
Adie covered his mouth with her fingers and held him in a warm embrace. “Thank you...thank you,” she said with deep sincerity. “What a wonderful gift; better than diamonds, better than pearls, better than all the gold in the world.
“I left the only pictures of my family back in the compound. I was afraid I’d forget what they looked like, but you, dear soul, have vanquished all that.”
Ari was astonished. Most Marcovans treasured their privacy and responded with deep indignation to even the slightest infraction. But here, in this most egregious case, Adie saw only blessing.
Approaching the display, she had the face of a little girl on Christmas morning. “I’ve never...these are...oh my...the colors...they look like paintings, but so clear...beautiful.”
Ari delighted in her expressions. “Yes, beautiful,” he said.
Adie felt his gaze and gave him a pat on the arm. “I have a confession to make.”
“You’re forgiven.”
“But I haven’t even said—”
“I forgive you,” he persisted.
Adie took his arm and drew him close. “When we were visiting your parents and I was walking back to the dining room, I heard you talking with your mother... I shouldn’t have, but I stopped and listened from behind the wall.”
“And I assure you, I am not offended,” Ari said. “Look...here you are, twelve thousand miles above your planet, the only one of your kind, on an alien ship with most of the crew complete strangers. Even the ones you do know, you’ve known for less than a day. Who could blame you for being cautious?”
“Please don’t feel that way. I don’t distrust anyone, especially you. I saw what you did in the compound. I heard what you said...what the others said. For heaven’s sake, your crew trusted me with your life when I took those bullets out. Why shouldn’t I trust them? Besides, they treated me with more tenderness and understanding than I’ve experienced in years. No, it’s just that I’m having a little trouble understanding a few things, and I guess that’s why I felt the need to eavesdrop.”
Ari nodded slowly. “I know I haven’t been very forthcoming. I just can’t seem to get the words out fast enough for either of us... So here’s what we’ll do, if it’s all right with you: Let’s drop all the barriers and try a little open communication. You ask me whatever you wish, and I will answer. We won’t leave this room until you’re comfortable with things. There’s only one rule: complete openness and total honesty. Agreed?” Ari extended his hand.
“Agreed,” Adie affirmed with a friendly handshake.
“Then, I’m listening.”
After a brief silence, Adie said, “When I overheard you talking this morning, you said something that didn’t make sense.”
Ari searched his memory. “I’m sure I don’t know what that could be.”
“Do you remember when your mother asked what would have happened if you had to put me back on the ground? You said that I would die, either by the soldiers or by cancer.”
“Yes, and that would have been true.”
“But it’s what your mother said after that. I think her words were, ‘So you did it to save a life.’ Can you see how that sounds confusing? If you both know I’m dying from cancer—“
“—then how would I be saving a life...Dear Lord, Adie, didn’t you hear what I said to you last night? You seemed so happy this morning.”
Adie shrugged. “I’m just happy to be alive and in such lovely company.”
“Then tell me, what was the last thing you heard me say?”
She closed her eyes, concentrating. “You were saying something about hope. It’s all a blur after that.”
Ari took her hand and looked her tenderly in the eye. “Then hear me now, dear Adie-bear: No one is without hope, and you, my dear friend, will not die of cancer—not now—not ever. This I promise.”
Adie’s eyes welled up as she drank in his words—soothing, refreshing words of life. They swirled around in her mind, awakening dreams, stirring hope, illuminating even the darkest places.
Moved by her expression, Ari wanted to speak, but no words would come.
Adie rested her head against his chest, content to feel his warmth and the overwhelming blessing of security.
A minute passed without a movement or word. Then Adie said, “You have breathed new life into this weary soul. How can I ever thank you? How can I thank the others?”
“Just be happy,” Ari said, brushing the hair from her face. “Now, I know that can’t be your only question.”
Adie gave a nod and looked up into his eyes. “There is something else,” she said. “Last night in the compound, when all the firing started, I remember in the movie they showed me...you stopped when you got to the bottom of the stairs and didn’t move, even when one of the others told you to get going. Then, all of a sudden you came to life, tossed something on the floor, and calmly walked straight through all those bullets, right up to me. What made you hesitate? I know you weren’t afraid.”
Ari began to smile. “Thank you for asking that,” he said and paused. “This may be difficult to follow, so bear with me...
“It’s been thirteen years since I started your case study. You were only seven then. I was twenty-five. At the time, it was nothing more than an additional duty to me. But, as the years passed, my affection for you grew. I began to care for you like one of my own family. So later, when you were confined in the ghetto and all of those horrible things happened, I was devastated. For weeks I suffered from depression and bad dreams. Then Walt stepped in, and I began to improve, right up until I learned of your cancer. Then it all started over, and again Walt had to intervene.” Ari looked intently at Adie. “I say these things to help you understand how closely my life had become tied to yours.
“Now, I believe there are three kinds of love: There is the love a person has for mankind...you know, Christian love.” Adie nodded. “Then there’s brotherly love—the kind you would have for a close friend or a family member. That’s the kind of love I felt when I reached the bottom of those stairs. But there’s a third kind of love—romantic love—the kind that forms between a man and a woman—the kind that keeps you awake at night. When I saw you across that washroom, it was as if I was seeing you for the first time. My whole world went upside-down. In an instant I went from loving you, to being in love with you. It was quite stunning really—caught me completely off guard.”
Adie flushed, heart racing, unable to fathom the implications. “Good heavens...when you said open and honest, you weren’t kidding.”
“Dear Adie, I have you at a terrible disadvantage. I’ve known you for most of your life, and here you’ve known me for less than a day. You can’t possibly return my feelings. And please understand, if I’d felt my words were unwelcome, I would never have said these things. But last night and this morning you gave me reason to hope. Now, you must tell me if I misread things.”
Adie’s expression was sincere. “On our way to the ship last night, when I first saw you lying unconscious, I asked Nurse Brooke if you were crazy, walking unarmed through those bullets like you did. She gave me a funny answer—something like, ‘it’s worse than crazy; he thinks you’re his girl...’ Do you know what I said?”
Ari was clearly intrigued.
“I said, ‘I should be so lucky...’ But I don’t think she heard me, because she asked me to repeat what I said. So I did, loud enough for everyone to hear—and, you know what: if I knew then what I know now, I’d have made the statement ten times stronger.”
Ari melted and slowly descended to rest his forehead against hers. “It seems warm in here, or is it just me?”
“It’s not just you,” Adie said, falling quiet.
“...Anything else?”
She leaned back. “Just one more, if it’s okay.”
“As many as you like.”
“In the movie last night, one of your crew told you to save the flash...something.“
“Capsules?”
“Yes, flash capsules... Were you going to blind me too?”
“Temporarily, yes—that was the plan.”
“But, why?”
“Because originally I didn’t plan to bring you back to the ship...only move you to a safe place, deeper inside Israel.”
“But why blind me?”
“Because our stay on the ground was limited. We were late in learning of the Syrian attack and had little time to prepare. I planned for maybe ten minutes in your compound... So, under the circumstances, if I only had five minutes to persuade you to come along, would you have come?”
Adie considered for a moment and shook her head.
“So the plan was to disorient you by firing the capsule, then sedate you and carry you back to the landing craft. On the way to a safe location, I planned to treat your cancer. Believe me, the last thing I wanted to do was treat you without your knowledge. But it seems the Lord had another plan.”
“I guess so,” Adie said. “Thank you for explaining.” Once again, her eyes drifted to the images on the wall. “These pictures and all the movies—are they just of the case studies, or do you also record the lives of the crew?”
“Some, though many have declined.”
“Did you?”
“I did not,” Ari answered, smiling. “Very clever, Adie-bear...and, yes, I will give you full access to my archives.”
“Wonderful. When can I start?”
“Maybe this evening, if you wish.”
“Oh, yes. I’ll look forward to it.”
“So, is that all?”
Adie smiled. “I don’t want to take up the whole day. There’s so much I want to see. Maybe I can ask more questions later.”
“Of course, but before we go, I should probably touch on a few things.”
“Yes...please.”
“First, until you’re completely comfortable with your new surroundings, there will always be someone you know close by, just in case you need help. I hope you understand.”
“I do understand. I just don’t want it to be a bother.”
“You are not a bother, I assure you. There’s not a soul on this ship who wouldn’t work three days overtime just to spend a few minutes with you. But for now, I would like to keep it to the ones you know.”
“That’s sweet... So who stayed with me last night?”
“Walt, at first.”
“He put me in bed?”
“Yes, and stayed until Katie came with the transfusion kit. After that, as I understand, he went for the flowers.”
“He’s so nice.”
Ari nodded. “He is that.”
Mention of the transfusion gave Adie pause for thought. “It was your blood, then...the transfusion I mean?”
“It was.”
“...One blood, then—you and I.”
Ari nodded again. “One blood....”
She took a breath and slowly exhaled. “So it was Katie who stayed with me last night?”
“Yes, though apparently she got a little tired. I think she missed her last sleep cycle. Anyway, Merrick must have come up a little later to keep her company, because when I got to your quarters this morning, she was asleep on his lap.”
“Fond of each other, aren’t they?”
“Hopelessly, I’m afraid.”
“But I thought you said, ‘no one is without hope.’”
The comment caused Ari to smile. “Hmmm...it appears I may have been mistaken.”
“I see... So what’s a sleep cycle?”
“You know—like when you go to sleep at night, except instead of eight hours, we only need two.”
Adie tried to imagine. “My word, I don’t think I could get used to that.”
“Quite right. It’s not possible for you just now; however, for us, it’s natural—a result of medical research, like our 200-year lifespan.”
Confused and clearly out of her element, Adie fell silent.
“Listen, maybe we can discuss that later, but for now I’d like to touch on something fairly serious... All of this technology—everything you have seen on the landing craft and this ship...what do you think would happen if we shared it with the people of Earth?”
After some thought, Adie said, “Well, I’d like to think they would put it to good use...but I’m afraid some might use it to hurt people.”
“And that’s our fear, also. We feel that even the smallest item, say a neurotranslator, barely large enough to see—if it fell into the wrong hands, it could change the course of Earth civilization. We saw how they handled nuclear power...
“Now let me go a little further. Say you decide to return to Earth, and when you go, you take along something from the ship, or detailed information about something. Then suppose through some indiscretion you reveal that information...can you see how that might put you in danger?”
Adie’s expression sobered. “I hadn’t considered.”
“So, as much as I’d like to explain some things, I must be careful not to put you at risk.”
“I see...and what if I decide to stay?”
Ari perked up. “You mean, aside from making over four hundred people very happy?” He waited for her smile and said, “I think we’re probably talking about Marcovan citizenship...and that would change everything. Though, citizenship is a serious step... You see, in our society, it’s a permanent commitment, as is marriage—irrevocable. If later you find yourself in rough water, I’m afraid your only recourse would be reconciliation.”
Adie stared at the floor. “You know, for some reason I find that reassuring.”
“Well, I’m glad you asked... So, what do you say we pay a visit to the med bay and give you a thorough examination? I promise; it won’t hurt a bit.”
“That would be fine.”
“Great! I’ll change into my uniform and let Brooke know we’re coming.” He stepped into his bedroom and closed the barrier.
———————
“My goodness...that’s stunning,” Adie said, running her fingers along his rank insignia. “Are those real diamonds?”
“They are...and the likes of which you have never seen.”
“Magnificent...and what is this?” she said, referring to the badge on his chest.
“Ah, our mission crest...it’s a likeness of the ship with our mission number. We’re the twenty-third mission to Earth.”
“Oh, I think Dr. Maran may have mentioned that,” she said, looking around. “Can I see the rest of your apartment before we leave?”
“Actually, we call them quarters, but you can call it an apartment if you wish.”

Chapter 6
The walk to the med bay proved more time-consuming than expected as passing crewmembers eagerly sought a moment with Adie.
When they finally arrived, they found Brooke patiently waiting.
“Sorry for the delay,” Ari said. “Seems our visitor has admirers. I thought that last fellow was going to follow us in.”
Brooke greeted Adie and accompanied them into the examining room.
“Everything’s ready, Doc,” Brooke said, offering Adie a seat. “I’ll be just outside if you need me.”
Ari sensed Adie’s apprehension. “You needn’t worry, it’s all painless...like the exam Katie gave you on the landing craft, only the equipment is a little more sophisticated. This should tell us everything we need to know.” He helped her onto the examining table. “Just lie back and relax.”
Using the input panel beside the table, he made an entry, and the massive wall display came to life. “So if you’re ready, why don’t you place your hands at your sides, and we’ll get started.”
When she was settled, Ari initiated the scan. A number of lights on the overhead panel blinked once and went off. After a thorough review of the display, he worked the input panel for details. Several audible “Uh-huh’s” later, he noticed Adie smiling. “Something I said?”
“Why do doctors always do that? What does that mean, anyway?”
“What’s that?” Ari asked, oblivious.
“Saying ‘Uh-huh’ all the time.”
Ari paused. “Oh, that’s just secret doctor stuff they teach you in med school. It’s supposed to make you think I know what I’m doing.”
Adie laughed. “Well, stop—you’re driving me crazy.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he said with a pronounced nod, eyes still on the display.
Five minutes of “uh-huh’s” later, Ari completed his review. “Okay, you can sit up now. I just need a sample of your saliva, and we’re done.” He took the sample and paged Brooke.
“Did you need something?” Brooke said, entering.
Ari passed her the sample. “Let’s do a full DNA workup, and match it to a Marcovan sample for compatibility.”
Surprise, confusion, and excitement registered on Brooke's face. “But Doc, shouldn’t you...I mean, this is important.”
Ari shook his head. “Don’t have time. I need to stop over and see Doc Maran. Look, I know it’s a little complicated...well, maybe more than a little complicated, but you’ve had the training. Why don’t you give it a try...just send the results to my console?”
Elated, Brooke held the sample to her chest, turned, and made a brisk departure for the research lab, down the corridor.
“She seemed awfully happy,” Adie observed, a little puzzled.
With a half nod, Ari said, “Understandable, I suppose, considering she’s holding our first fully reliable sample of human DNA...from Earth, that is. You’re witnessing history in the making. The research she’s about to perform will show how closely our two species are tied genetically...
“We’ve known for some time that our bodies are essentially identical. These scans we just did of you only reinforce that. However, what Brooke is about to do is a much more involved comparison. The results will have a profound effect on how both of our species view themselves—in terms of identity, mutual responsibility, even spirituality... Yes, I would say she has ample reason to be happy.”
“How exciting for her,” Adie said, a little overwhelmed.
Ari helped her down from the examining table. “Okay, that’s it for me. Dr. Carruth, my colleague, will be doing the physical exam.”
A wrinkle formed on Adie’s forehead. “But why can’t you do that?” she asked.
Ari smiled. “Because, Adie-bear, it’s inappropriate. I can do physicals on everyone except family.”
“But I’m not family,” she playfully protested.
“But you are! Do we not have the same blood type?”
“Yes,” she laughed. “But—“
“Do I not have your blood flowing through my veins, and do you not have my blood flowing through yours?”
“Yes, but—“
“Do our first names not start with the same letter of the alphabet?”
Adie covered her mouth laughing, face flushed.
“And are we not romantically involved?” He paused for effect. “Uh-huh... You know I’m right.”
Adie stuck out her lower lip. “But I’m comfortable with you.”
“Seriously...as a Christian, I just don’t feel at peace with it. You understand, don't you?”
Adie smiled. “Yes. I was just teasing.”
“I’m sure you will find Dr. Carruth a fine physician and a very nice person. Anyway, I need to stop over and see Walt for a minute. I’ll be back before you’re done. I promise.”
Dr. Carruth was expecting Ari’s call and entered from the adjoining office.
Previously the ship’s senior nurse, Dr. Madelyn Carruth had begun her doctoral internship ten years earlier under Dr. Raphin, Ari’s predecessor. Following Dr. Raphin’s medical retirement, Ari took over and completed her training. At forty-seven, she was a competent physician and Ari’s trusted associate.
Though she towered over Adie at six and a half feet, she had a kind face and amiable personality, and after a short conversation, Adie felt comfortable enough to send Ari on his way.
He crossed the corridor to Walt’s office, and the receptionist showed him in.
“How’s the leg?” Walt asked.
“Good.”
“And Adie?”
“Just finished her exam. Madelyn’s with her now, so I thought I’d stop over to run something by you.”
Walt offered Ari his full attention.
“I’m a little concerned that Adie hasn’t asked about her brothers. With all she’s learned of us, she must suspect we know something.”
Walt gave an understanding nod. “Yes, and this makes some sense. On our way back last night, I noticed she hadn’t asked about the others in her compound. Then, when I brought it up, she said she was afraid of what I might say.”
Ari looked worried. “I feel I should be the one to tell her—but when?”
Considering, Walt said, “You don’t want to let it go too long...she may resent you for it.”
Ari nodded. “I’ll do it this evening, after dinner.”
“It’s been some time since she’s seen them,” Walt said. “She may have already accepted the loss, to some extent. Nevertheless, you should expect a grieving period—maybe three or four days, with good support.”
“Support?”
“You know...friendly faces. Sometimes a little company can make all the difference. Even so, at times, she may just want to be alone in her room, though we shouldn’t let that go on too long. It would probably be a good idea to encourage her to talk about it, and then maybe later present a diversion, like a game or a movie. The final step would be to get her involved in something meaningful...something that will help bring her out.”
“Okay,” Ari said with some apprehension. “Would you mind contacting Merrick and the others?”
“Be glad to.”
Ari stood and extended his hand. “Thanks, my friend. Thanks for everything. I’m in your debt.”
“Happy to help. I’ll be praying for you two.”
Ari exited Walt’s office into a tumult.
“My word!” the receptionist said, perplexed. “What in heaven’s name?”
Ari walked to the entryway. Loud, excited voices emanated from the research lab just a few doors away. With a knowing smile, he took a step toward his office, then retreated, nearly run over by two bio researchers striving to stay ahead of others legging it down the corridor. Ari let them pass, then crossed over to his office, closing the barrier behind him as researchers continued to stream by.
“Is everything all right out there?” Katie asked, more than a little intrigued.
Ari grinned. “Brooke’s work seems to be generating a little excitement. Why don’t you go down and have a look? I’ll keep an eye on things here... I assume Adie’s still in there.”
“Yep,” Katie said, “they’re just finishing up.”
———————
Adie looked up at Dr. Carruth. “And how do you find him to work with?” she asked.
“Dr. Stratford is a good soul and a fine physician. He’s a pleasure to work with. No one here will fault me on that...and how does he strike you?”
Adie reflected. “Strong...intelligent...beautiful, in every way.”
“Aptly put,” Dr. Carruth said, adjusting for sentiment. “Yes...a fair assessment.” She began to work her tablet. “Almost done; just need a moment to add in these results. You can hop down and finish getting dressed if you like.”
When they emerged from the examining room, Ari was waiting. “So, when are you heading down to the surface?” he asked Dr. Carruth.
“Later this afternoon,” she said with a grin. “I just updated your system with my findings. She’s all yours.”
Ari acknowledged. “There seems to be some activity in the research lab. You may want to stop in.”
He showed Adie back into his office, and walking to his console, said, “Why don’t you have a seat on the sofa while I review Madelyn’s notes?”
“So where is Dr. Carruth going this afternoon?”
“Biological research in the Amazon, I believe...with Doc Bradbury—just a few days.” He began to peruse the display.
A few minutes later, he looked up. “Okay, I’ve seen pretty much everything.” He left his console to sit beside her. “I’ll try to deal with this in an orderly fashion, hopefully in a way that makes some sense.”
Adie gave an apprehensive nod.
“We’ll be going over several things, and I don’t want you to be fearful, so please ask questions.”
“Okay.”
“Then, why don’t we start with the cancer... The scan says we’re dealing with a somewhat aggressive strain, so we’ll want to treat that straightaway.”
Adie took on a gloomy countenance. “...Will you have to operate?” she asked, clearly apprehensive. “The doctor in Haifa said something about radia—“
“Don’t even think that!” Ari bristled, controlling his agitation. “The thought of you going through that has been haunting me for days. I’m so glad we got you out of there.”
“Then what’s the answer?”
Ari led her over to his console and brought up an image on the display.
“What on earth?”
“Ever heard of a robot?”
“You mean, like a mechanical man?”
“Somewhat, but in this case, let’s just think of it as a machine that can act on its own. We call them microbots. These spidery little fellows are so small we can inject large numbers of them directly into a vein. From there they catch a free ride to anywhere in your body we tell them to go. Once one of them finds a cancer cell, he signals for his friends to come help. Then, the others come and attach themselves to the bad cells and inject them with a drug. This continues until they deal with every one. The process is painless, and in a few days the cancer is gone. It’s as simple as that... Well, actually it’s a lot more complicated, but I think you get the idea.”
“Oh, my, how wonderful,” Adie said, much relieved. “But what happens to them when they’re done?”
“They just find their way into your digestive system and pass out of the body.”
Confused at first, Adie’s face reddened slightly as the words sank in.
Ari noted her embarrassment and smiled. “One would feel bad for the little fellows, I suppose.”
Adie took hold of his arm, suppressing a giggle.
“Listen, I have one or two more things to check, but if you’re okay with this, I’ll have Brooke prepare the medication and get the little guys ready.”
“Yes, I...I don’t know what to say...you’ve saved my life—again....”
A small blue icon began blinking in the upper left corner of Ari’s console.
“Ah, I see Brooke sent the first of her DNA findings,” he said, touching the icon. Two DNA strands appeared on the display and began to rotate slowly. He took a moment to digest the data streaming across the bottom of the display. “What you’re seeing here is a Marcovan DNA strand, probably Brooke’s on the left, and yours on the right.”
Adie studied the images. “But they look the same. What are they?”
Ari nodded. “These strands tell us every single trait that makes us who we are, from the color of our eyes, to whether we’re susceptible to various diseases...and you’re right,” he marveled, “they are strikingly similar.” He slowly shook his head. “So amazing...”
“What is it?”
Ari looked at Adie. “From what I’m seeing, except for our eyes and physical height, we appear to be identical beings, at least in terms of anatomy and physiology. As I said, I knew we were alike, but I had no idea how far the similarities went—quite astounding, really. Now I understand all the commotion down the hall.”
“But shouldn’t we go too?”
Ari sent the request for cancer treatment to Brooke's console. “No, it’s Brooke's day. Maybe we’ll stop in a little later when the crowd thins out. Besides, we still have a few things to go over.” He paused, considering how to simplify the complexities of medical science. “Now...even after we eliminate your cancer, you will still be at risk for a relapse, so we’ll need to address that next, and the way we do that is through gene therapy, or something we call plasmids.” Ari drew Adie’s attention back to the DNA strands. “Brooke has done a thorough evaluation of your genetic makeup, and I can see a number of weak areas, including your susceptibility to three separate cancers. To put it in simple terms, we have the ability to prepare plasmids which, when injected, will remove as many of these weak areas as you wish.”
”How many weak areas?” Adie asked, a little anxious. “What kind?”
“Well, diabetes, for one... You also have a slight curvature in your spine, a nail fungus, and some tooth decay...not to mention vein thrombosis, scar tissue, and a variety of skin irregularities.”
“My word, that sounds like a lot to deal with. What’s a thrombi—“
“Thrombosis? You know that dark vein on the outside of your thigh?”
“Oh, yes, I see. You said something about scars?”
“Yes. Aside from the ones around your blind eye, you have one on your chin, your knee, and then the one on your breast from the biopsy.”
“And you can make them go away?”
“Absolutely, plus any other skin issues. I’m referring to birthmarks, moles, and such.”
Adie appeared bewildered.
“Look, I know this is a lot to think about, and let me say once again, I am only explaining what we found and what we can do. These decisions are entirely yours. But we should be careful not to make you perfect. If we do that, and you choose to return to the surface, then once again we would be putting you in danger.”
“I don’t understand. How?”
“Well, there’s no such thing as a perfect body on Earth. Everyone has defects. If a doctor ever noticed, it could spell trouble.”
Adie thought for a moment and responded with a nod.
“So we may want to single out a few of your favorite moles, for instance, and leave them alone.”
“Can you do that?”
“Easily... Now, I haven’t mentioned brain function—for instance, I know you have difficulty reading maps and judging left from right.”
Adie nodded slowly with a curious expression.
“Your doctors on Earth call this dyslexia...and you have some minor colorblindness. All of these things can be resolved.”
Adie stared blankly at the display, trying to process Ari’s words. “It’s so hard to believe any of this is possible.”
“Adie-bear, whether you believe it or not, it is still true. All you have to do is decide which, if any, of these issues you would like to resolve.”
She smiled up at Ari and looked back at the display as if she had just won some marvelous prize...then closed her eyes to concentrate. “I want to keep the scar on my chin, the mole on my temple, and the one on my right breast if that’s all right.”
“That is very all right... So you want to go ahead with everything else?”
“Oh, yes, and thank you—thank you.” She stretched up and kissed his cheek.
Ari cleared the display and looked down at Adie. “You have no idea how much I’ve wanted to see you healthy again,” he confessed. “For me, this is a dream come true.”
She returned his gaze. “What a sweet thing to say.”
“We’ll have the cancer injection ready this afternoon, but the gene treatment will take a few days. The timing should work well though. The cancer treatment will have just done its job when we administer the gene therapy.
“Now once the plasmids go to work, some things will change in a matter of days...like the diabetes and dyslexia. Scars and skin irregularities may take weeks. Other matters won’t resolve themselves for a while, like the enamel on your teeth.”
Adie listened carefully, thought for a moment, and perked up. “You didn’t say anything about children. Am I okay?”
Ari bobbed his head slightly and smiled. “You are very okay.”
A momentary silence settled in as Adie contemplated. “...And should I choose to stay and become a citizen, would I have any hope for a family of my own? I mean, is that even possible for two people from different worlds?”
Ari smiled warmly. “Dear Adie, I have been all but sure of it for some time, but now with this latest scan and Brooke’s DNA findings, there is no doubt in my mind that our two species are compatible.”
The dialogue created an awkward moment, and Adie changed the subject. “Oh, I wanted to ask you—how do I take care of my teeth?”
“Oh me,” Ari said, slightly embarrassed, “I guess we missed that one. We use microbots, like I showed you earlier, except these are for cleaning teeth. Just ask Leah for some tooth cleaner. Then go to the cyclic. She’ll dispense a seven-day supply in a flexible tube. It’s a liquid, so just take a mouthful, swish it around for a few seconds and wait for a minute or so...then spit it out and rinse with water. You’ll be amazed at the results.”
“I’ll try,” Adie said, a little skeptical, “but it doesn’t sound like it would work... Oh, and how do I clean my apartment? I didn’t see anything to clean with.”
“No need...we have robots for that, too—just a little larger. You will rarely see them though. Leah will schedule them to work while you’re away.”
“Hmmm—no cleaning,” Adie mused. “A girl could get used to that.”
———————
In deference to the large group of researchers crowding the lab, Brooke continued to manipulate display settings, focusing on branch after branch in a strand of Adie’s DNA, then matching it to a sample of her own. The din in the room was almost deafening as amazed colleagues rationalized and debated the implications of the discovery. Looking around and seeing the crowd, Brooke removed her footwear and asked Katie to help her up onto the long glass-top console. The unusual sight quickly captured the attention of the room, and all went silent.
“Esteemed colleagues,” Brooke began in as calm a voice as she could manage, “please understand, I am aware of the gravity of these findings; however in the interest of science and your own personal safety, I am humbly asking that you allow me to finish my work, as there are still a number of loose ends. I promise you...as soon as I finish—maybe an hour or so—I will send all of the data to your work centers. So please...be dears...” The room erupted in applause. Then a rather tall crewman stepped forward, gently took hold of Brooke's waist, and returned her to the floor. “Thank you, honey, that was sweet.” Before leaving, several researchers came forward to offer congratulations.
Watching the last of their visitors depart, Katie put her arm around Brooke. “I am so proud of you...not only for the discovery, but the way you handled all those people.”
Brooke stared blankly at the floor. “A heck of a thing,” she muttered, a smile forming. “But the boy who helped me down was nice.”
“I saw your hero in the back of the room,” Katie said, referring to Doc Socal.
Brooke considered the spectacle she had made of herself, and shook her head. “Well, there’s the icing on the cake.”
“Don’t let it bug you. I’m sure he was impressed, just like everyone else.”
Ari and Adie entered the lab and offered congratulations. “We’re a ‘go’ on the microbots,” Ari told Brooke. “You can prepare the drug.”
“Will do. So, where are you folks off to now?”
“We meet with the captain in about 45 minutes. Thought we’d stop by the sports-plex and ops center on our way up.”
“Well, have fun, you two... The injection should be ready by 1600.”

Chapter 7
They ascended two decks and took the aft exit out of the lift. Adie reluctantly stepped onto the transparent walkway, clinging tightly to Ari’s arm as two crewmen jogged by on the running track below.
“You okay?” Ari asked. “I’ll tell you what...why don’t we just stand here a moment?”
Adie slowly reduced her grip and began to look around.
———————
The sports complex was immense, lit from high above and on every side by countless polymer imaging panels, digitally linked to form one massive visual display. Like a theater-in-the-round, the imagery covered the entire ceiling and extended down to the deck. The scene was a daylight motion sequence—a lush expanse of forest under a Marcovan sky, one of many such sequences intended to give the crew a sense of home.
———————
Crossing onto the central platform, Adie caught her first glimpse of the pool: Olympic-sized, deep blue, and crystal clear. Less than a dozen crewmembers were present.
“Oh, how beautiful,” she said, shocked by its enormity. “Can we go swimming?”
“Of course, but don’t you want to see more of the ship?”
Adie conceded, and they walked on. “What are those little pools on the other side?”
“Ah, the spas...you know, like a giant warm bath of swirling water...very relaxing.”
“Oh, my, that sounds delicious. But where is everyone?”
They approached the only occupied spa. “Most people are working right now. These two women either work a different shift or have time off.”
“Can we say hello?”
After the introductions and a short conversation, Ari showed Adie to the outer edge of the platform and drew her attention to the lower deck. “Down below, we have a sauna, some playing courts, a workout center, and even a room for floating around in zero gravity. Maybe we can look at those when we come back.”
“I’d like that,” Adie said, and they headed back toward the lift.
“You know,” said Ari, smiling, “it’s the oddest thing...I’ve never actually seen you swim. For some reason, every time you went, the censor interrupted the imagery. I wonder what that was all about?”
Adie blushed and changed the subject. “Those women we talked to...their swimming suits...they didn’t seem to cover much. Are all the suits like that?”
Ari pondered. “Not the men’s.”
Adie laughed and bumped his arm as they entered the lift.
“Deck 2,” Ari said. “But seriously, no, not all of the women wear suits like that.”
Adie exhaled. “Well, that’s a comfort.”
———————
They made their way through the ops division and found Jack in his cubical, pouring over imagery. Before him and stretching from wall to wall was a large, curved multi-image display.
“So, what are you up to?” Ari asked.
Jack remained focused. “Watching a research site.”
“Which one?”
“Amazon, Dr. Bradbury’s advance team.”
“Why would you do that?” Adie asked.
“For safety reasons,” Jack replied, enlarging an image for a closer look. “The Amazon can be a dangerous place.”
“But aren’t they in a secluded area?”
“They are,” he said, turning to Adie, “however we still need to watch for predators and the odd tribesman.”
“...I see.”
“Believe me, research goes a lot better when you’re not having to look over your shoulder. A little peace of mind can make a big difference.”
To the right of Jack’s console, a three-dimensional hologram of the earth caught Adie’s eye. She took hold of Ari’s hand and approached. “It’s the earth. How interesting...what are all these little green dots?”
Jack walked over and, using hand gestures, began to rotate the image. “These are all of our case studies,” he said, a grin forming. “I can’t figure it out, though. There used to be one here.” He pointed to Israel’s northern border. “Oddest thing...seems to have disappeared.”
Adie smiled up at Ari and slipped her arm around his waist.
“So, you ready for your tour?”
Adie considered and said, “Maybe I should visit the bathroom first.”
Jack walked her to his cubical entrance and pointed her to an opening several doors down the corridor, then returned to Ari. “So, how did she like the sports-plex?”
“Impressed, I think. The pool got her attention—and the spas, naturally.”
“Well, she seems to be adjusting rather well. I’m glad of that.”
Ari nodded and took a more serious tone. “Listen, I’ve decided to tell her about her brothers.”
“When?”
“This evening. Can you stop by her quarters around 1900? She’ll need our support.”
“Of course.”
After an awkward silence, Ari moved on. “So, did you see Brooke's DNA findings?”
“Not yet...sure has generated some excitement though.”
“Well, if you—“
A blood-curdling scream from the corridor abruptly ended the conversation.
“What in the world?” snapped Ari, knowing the scream to be Adie’s.
Little thought was necessary.
“Stretch!!!” they yelled in unison, and bolted for the door.
Heads peered out of every office and cubical as the two men moved quickly toward the restroom. There they found Stretch sprawled across the entrance, having just turned the corner from an adjoining hallway, on his daily rounds of the work center. Two female crewmembers had already come to Adie’s rescue. One of them carefully lifted the 30-pound reptile and draped it over her shoulders.
“Why don’t you take him to the conference room?” Jack suggested in a calm voice.
The crewmember gave a nod and quietly departed.
Ari moved closer to the entrance. “Adie, are you all right?” he asked in a tentative voice.
“Yes,” came the tentative answer.
“I am so sorry... Are you angry?”
“No....”
“Do you forgive me?”
“Yes....”
“They’ve taken him to the conference room. You can come out if you want.”
Adie emerged, somewhat embarrassed, but calm.
“I suppose we should have arranged a more formal introduction,” Ari said.
“Another pet, I guess—like Caesar?”
“Actually, he’s more like the operations mascot...kind of a nice fellow, once you get to know him.”
Jack continued the tour and introductions, excluding the conference room, and walked them back to the lift. “Well, Miss Adie, enjoy your time with the captain. I think you will be impressed.”
———————
After a warm greeting, the captain’s assistant showed them in.
Seeing them enter, Captain Argon rose from his console.
“Sir,” Ari said with a broad smile, “Miss Adie Behr...”
“Well, this is a treat,” the captain said, offering his hand. “An honor to have you with us, Miss Behr.”
Adie took immediate note of his tunic—like Ari’s, but deep purple and as nicely tailored as any she had seen. The five diamonds on his collar and gold mission crest left little doubt as to his status. “I’m happy to be here,” she said, “safe among friends.”
“It does me good to hear you say that,” he said. “And how did you find your quarters?”
“Beyond dreams...quite lovely, thank you.”
“And Ari, you must be very pleased...though it seems things got a little tighter down there than expected.”
“Much tighter than I had hoped...but we’re all back in one piece, and Adie is safe... You can be proud of the crew. They did an outstanding job.”
“They did indeed, my boy,” the captain said and turned back to Adie. “So my dear, what have you seen of the ship?”
Adie smiled. “We saw the most beautiful swimming pool...”
“Ah, the sports-plex...and did you stop by the operations deck on your way up?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie said, playfully sending an elbow into Ari’s side.
“What happened?” the captain asked, delighted to see the chemistry.
“Seems she had an unexpected encounter with a rather large reptile,” Ari replied. “It did not go well, I’m afraid.”
“Ah, Stretch!” the captain said with a good-hearted laugh. “Ari, I’m shocked.” Then glancing at Adie, “My dear, I hope you don’t think we treat all our guests this way.”
During the exchange that followed, Adie’s comfort level grew, and at length she sought a moment with the captain, alone.
“I would be honored,” Captain Argon said. “And Ari, when Adie and I are finished, you and I should talk. Maybe one of those nice folks out there can show her the bridge.”
Ari agreed, stepped out, and put a call through to Jack.
Captain Argon turned his attention to Adie, and they took a seat on his sofa. “My dear, how can I be of service?”
“I just want you to know how much I appreciate all the people responsible for saving my life. This has been so unbelievable.” She paused, feeling a stir of emotion. “It’s hard to put into words...this place, these people... This life is so different from the world I know. Everyone has been so kind, especially that amazing man out there who risked—”
Captain Argon watched a tear form and roll down her cheek. “Now, now,” he said, giving her arm a pat. “You’re safe with us now. No harm can come to you here. No more bad people...only friendly faces.”
Adie regained her composure. “Sorry.”
“Nonsense, my dear; you’ve been through quite an ordeal. You just need a little time....”
“Thank you for allowing me to stay in your mother’s room. It’s lovely.”
“Happy to do so.”
“She did an amazing job decorating. Ari...I mean, Dr. Stratford, says she liked to entertain.”
“It’s all right; you can call him Ari if you wish. And yes, my mother lived to entertain.”
“Well, all I hear is how kind she was to everyone, and how much she is missed.”
The captain smiled. “Thank you for saying that.”
“Was she one of the crew?”
“She was our senior archaeologist.”
“And how old was she when she died?”
“She was 85.”
Adie frowned. “But Ari says that most people live to be two hundred.”
The captain gave a nod. “Normally that is true, however a few years ago she and four others ran into trouble at a site in South America. The whole team contracted an unfamiliar strain of bacterial meningitis... Their bodies just weren’t prepared.
“Doc Raphin, Ari’s predecessor, went right to work on a treatment, but the infection was just too aggressive. All of them, including my mother, were gone within hours... Sadly, in his haste to find a treatment, Doc Raphin cut a few corners and caught the virus himself. That left Ari and Brooke Hayden to pick up where he left off. Regretfully, by the time they produced a treatment, his brain was damaged beyond repair.”
“How awful... I am so sorry,” Adie sympathized. “And your father...is he here?”
“Yes, he teaches the little ones.”
“But where does he stay?” Adie asked, wondering why he had chosen to leave the spacious quarters.
“He decided to move down to Deck 4. My mother was the outgoing one; he’s more reserved, and as you said, those quarters were designed for one thing—entertaining... I just don’t think he felt comfortable on Deck 3 anymore—too many memories I suppose....
“Ari told us about your family,” Captain Argon continued, “so very sad. I don’t know how someone gets through something like that. If we can be of any assistance, our counseling staff is at your disposal.”
Adie offered a grateful nod. “Dr. Maran has been helping.”
“Ah, yes. Walt is a good man... Listen, I know you’ve just arrived, but have you given any thought to staying on with us for a while? I assure you, nothing would please us more.”
“Oh, yes, I have, and I would like to, if that’s all right.”
“My dear Miss Behr, you are free to stay to your heart’s content...and please understand; not one soul on this ship wants you to go, least of all that young doctor out there.” He tilted his head toward the door.
The captain’s sentiment struck home and once again Adie’s eyes began to well up. “You’ll have to forgive me,” she said, wiping the dampness from her cheek, “I’m just not used to—”
“Yes, my dear, believe me, I do understand...but sincerely, I hope you will stay on with us.”
Adie smiled, contemplating. “If I’m going to stay, I would like to feel I’m contributing in some way.”
The captain gave her comment some thought. “Ari told me that your mother liked to entertain.”
“Very much.”
“And what about you? I expect you are probably the same.”
“I believe so.”
“Then, look around you. There are over four hundred people on this ship—all dying to meet you...talk with you...hear your story. Go out and meet the crew. Visit anyone you wish, wherever and whenever you wish. Follow in the footsteps of your mother...my mother. Fill your life with happiness, and in the process, you will fill ours.”
Adie appeared stunned. “You overwhelm me,” she said, reflecting. “I feel I’ve just received the most wonderful blessing.”
Captain Argon smiled warmly. “It’s you who are the blessing—to all of us,” he said. “But before you go, I have a word of caution...and a promise. The caution first: Until such a time, if ever, that you choose to become a citizen of Marcova, you should protect yourself from learning our technology. If you return to Earth, it could put you in grave danger and very possibly cause unthinkable destruction down there. Do you understand why?”
“Ari and I talked about it earlier.”
“Very well then, now the promise... More than anything else we all want you to stay...to become a Marcovan citizen. But understand, if you make this choice, there is no going back. Of course, as a Marcovan, you would have the same rights as any other crewmember. If you wish to visit the surface, you will be free to accompany one of our research teams. No one is confined to the ship except the children. But know this: If during such a visit, you should somehow fall into the hands of your own kind, we will not rest until you or your remains are back onboard. Before we left Marcova, I swore to this crew that not one Marcovan citizen would be left behind. Therefore, ‘come hell or high water,’ as they say on Earth, you will be laid to rest on Marcova—on that, you have my word... So, Miss Behr, if and when you must make this decision, choose carefully. Do you understand, young lady?”
“I do,” said Adie, “and thank you for explaining.”
Captain Argon gave her arm a pat. “And now, if you wouldn’t mind sending the good doctor back in—he and I have a few things to discuss.”
———————
She found Ari and Jack waiting just outside the captain’s office.
“What would you say to a tour of the bridge?” Jack suggested.
Adie gave a nod, and Jack offered his arm. “No snakes, I hope,” she murmured as they walked away.
Ari suppressed a laugh and went in to see the captain.
“Have a seat, my boy,” Captain Argon said.
“Thank you, sir, but I think I should stand.”
“Is something wrong?”
Ari hesitated. “The mission last night—there are things you should know....”
“But I assumed everything went well.”
Ari proceeded to unveil the entire sequence of events, including his injuries, the deception, and the unconventional decisions. “What the crew did, they did under my orders,” he said. “I accept full responsibility.”
“How’s the leg?” the captain asked with genuine concern.
“Fine, as long as I’m standing,” Ari replied, confused by the lenient response... “A little more stimulation should resolve it.”
“Glad to hear it,” the captain said, relieved. “Now listen, Ari...clearly you deviated from directives down there...and yes, there were some unconventional decisions; however, if conventional behavior were the priority on these Earth missions, they would have manned this ship with a bunch of robots. But they wanted innovation—inspiration—creativity. And that, my friend, only comes from real live, flesh and blood human beings like you and me.
“Anyway, you have all returned safely, and thankfully we have the amazing privilege of hosting a very happy young woman from another civilization.
“Yesterday was a big day—a historic day. So here’s my position: You did what you needed to do—a truly heroic effort by any standard; and who’s to say...given similar circumstances, I may well have done the same thing.
“Therefore, any questionable behavior on your part or anyone else’s, for that matter, is hereby pardoned.”
Astonished, Ari moved forward and vigorously shook the captain’s hand. “God bless you, sir! God bless you.”
“He has, my boy...now let’s talk about recognition for your crew.”
Ari spent several minutes outlining the mission and the crew’s actions, concluding with his recommendations.
“I’ll tell you what,” the captain said, “why don’t you send Walt and the others up to see me? I’d like to have their perspective.”
Ari agreed, stepped out, and sent Jack in.
After lunch, Adie finished her tour of the sports-plex, then visited water purification and the reactor bay before returning to Deck 5 for her microbot injection.
Ari offered to continue the tour from there, however Adie would have none of it, insisting instead that he undergo further tissue stimulation. She agreed to wait in the med bay reception area while he changed out of his uniform.
Katie followed him into his office, and while he changed, went about setting up the equipment. She then helped him onto the examining table, covered him with sheets (wounds exposed), and initiated stimulation.
“I need a favor,” Ari said. “Contact Walt, Brooke, and Merrick. You guys need to go up to see the captain.”
Katie appeared worried.
“It’s all good. I told him everything, and he’s given a full pardon. He just wants your input on the mission.”
“Well, that’s a relief,” she said, heading for the door. “I’ll send Adie in.”
Moments later, Adie entered. “So, how much more time until you’re healed?” she asked.
“Maybe six hours or so...a couple of hours now and the rest while you’re sleeping tonight.”
“And how will the wounds look when you’re done?”
“Oh, there will be some scar tissue initially. But after a month or two, even the scars will disappear.”
Adie shook her head. “It’s so amazing your body can do that.”
“Truly, it is, though quite often I think we take these things for granted.” Ari glanced at his wrist display. “Listen, I’m going to be lying here until dinner. Maybe you should go rest for a while. I can have Katie take you up.”
Adie’s expression hardened, and she took hold of his hand. “I’m not going anywhere, mister!”
Amused and gratified, Ari said, “Well, so much the better for me, then. Why don’t I order you a seat?” He motioned her aside and addressed the office interface. A padded stool rose from a panel in the floor.
“Oh my, this is comfortable,” Adie said, testing the pneumatic pedestal.

Chapter 8
They dined that evening with the senior staff on Deck 3, and though Adie spoke freely, Ari appeared subdued—preoccupied. Afterward, they retired to Adie’s quarters.
“I really enjoyed dinner,” Adie said, a little uneasy. “You seemed distracted. Is something wrong?”
Silent and nervous, Ari’s expression drifted from melancholy to deep foreboding.
“Was it something I said?” she prodded, now worried.
Ari searched desperately for words. “...There’s something I was hoping you would ask—something you should know.”
“What is it?” she pleaded.
Ari’s eyes began to fill. “It’s about your brothers,” he said in a hesitant voice. “I’m so sorry.”
Adie covered her mouth, slowly shaking her head, trying unsuccessfully to hold back tears. She began to shudder and leaned into him for comfort. He held her close, softly rubbing her back.
“Auschwitz,” she said, in a repellent tone.
“I’m afraid so,” Ari replied, coaxing her to the couch.
“Your leg,” she complained.
“I’m fine. Let’s sit down.”
As Ari eased down beside her, she placed his arm over her shoulder, pressing her head against his chest.
For a while, no words passed between them. Then, wiping her cheek, Ari said, “Walt and the others know. They would like to come over a little later if that’s all right.”
Adie gave a subtle nod.
———————
Jack was first to arrive, followed by Walt and Merrick.
Minutes later, Brooke and Katie walked in with a variety of food and went into the kitchen.
Though encouraged to eat, Adie had little appetite and declined, choosing instead to remain by Ari’s side.
As the evening wore on, she found sadness unavoidable and from time to time slipped away to the solitude of her room. Eventually she grew weary and decided to turn in.
“I’ll be right here,” Ari said, kissing her cheek. As she passed out of sight, he sent Katie for a gurney and overhead panel to continue his therapy.
Later, Walt, Brooke, and Jack departed for the evening, promising to return for breakfast.
Meanwhile, Merrick stayed on with Katie to keep Ari company. They set up his gurney in the media room near the main display and watched movies to pass the time.
Shortly after midnight, Adie awoke. Curious about the faint sounds and flickering light coming through her doorway, she rose and made her way across the dark living space, silently slipping in to join the others. Ari lay prone on the gurney beside the couch, his wounds exposed to the soft blue beams descending from above. Katie was asleep on Merrick’s lap.
Both men caught Adie’s entrance and smiled. “Adie-bear,” Ari said quietly.
She moved over next to his gurney and took his hand.
“Those pajamas suit you,” he said.
Adie looked at the display. “What are you watching?”
“Merrick?” Ari prodded, unsure.
“The Best Years of Our Lives,” Merrick whispered.
As the movie scene unfolded, Hoagy Carmichael began to hammer out a tune on the piano.
Ari glanced up at Adie. “He’s really good, isn’t he?”
“Oh, yes, better than good I think,“ she said. “I do miss playing.”
“...And I miss hearing you play.”
As the movie progressed, some scenes moved Adie to tears, playing on her already sensitive emotions.
Afterward, at Ari’s coaxing, she went back to bed.
———————
When the crew returned in the morning, Katie and Brooke went straight to work preparing breakfast.
Merrick left the other three men at the bar to join Katie at the sink. “So I thought we were going to watch a couple of movies last night,” he kidded.
Katie glanced over and smiled. “I watched the first one—the pirate treasure one.”
“Maybe the first fifteen minutes,“ Merrick countered, “but as soon as you put your head down, you were gone.” He tugged her close. “Some company you are.”
She rested her head on his shoulder. “It doesn’t matter whether I was awake or asleep. I was comfortable and just happy to be with you.”
Merrick kissed her forehead. “Now how can I argue with that?”
Walt laughed. “Well said, Katie, my dear.”
“Hear! Hear!” Ari added.
The light-hearted conversation continued, eventually arousing Adie from sleep. She slipped out of bed and stood at the bedroom entrance. How long it had been since she had felt a sense of family, a feeling of acceptance and hope.
Merrick spotted Adie and got Ari’s attention.
“Good morning, sunshine,” he said, swiveling on his stool. “How lovely you look this morning.”
Adie walked barefoot into the room, and Ari met her with an embrace.
“How is your leg?” she asked in a scratchy morning voice.
Ari patted the back of his thigh and twisted his body a few times. “Never better.”
Adie winced at the sight. “Unbelievable,” she said, shaking her head.
Ari leaned down to catch her eye. “...And how are you, dear Adie?”
She smiled, put her arm around him, and turned to address the others. “Just hearing your voices this morning—kidding with each other, carrying on like friends do—you have no idea how much that lifted my spirits. Thank you—thank you all for being here.”
“You look like you could use a little orange juice, Honey,” Brooke suggested. “Why don’t you come have a seat at the bar?
———————
After breakfast, Adie invited Katie back to her room. When they could no longer be heard, she said, “I was hoping you would help me find something more appropriate to wear. Maybe a dress with some nylon stockings and some shoes.”
Katie happily complied. “Why don’t we look at some of the styles you’re used to down on the surface? I’m sure we can find something.” Katie removed the tablet from her hip, brought up some imagery and within a few minutes they had decided on three possibilities. Katie sent all three to the cyclic, and Adie tried them on, eventually deciding on a deep blue blouse and black pleated skirt.
When she emerged from the bedroom, she was met with silent approval all around. Ari stepped forward and took her hand. “You look beautiful...”
She glanced at the others and smiled.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Ari said. “I asked the chaplain to stop by and see you this morning...and I asked Walt to stay, but I think it might be better if the rest of us went on in to work.”
“Don’t go,” she protested.
“I do want to stay,” Ari assured her. “Nothing would please me more. But these men, well, they’re gifted at what they do, and I’m afraid I’d just be in the way. Besides, this will give me a chance to see a few patients and catch up on some things. Walt will call me when you’re done... I’ll be back before you know it.”

Chapter 9
Adie followed the two men to the serpentine sofa, and they all took a seat. Chaplain Granger allowed Adie a moment to settle in before speaking.
“So my dear, how are you faring?” he asked, watching her expression darken. “It must have been a terrible shock.”
Adie’s eyes began to tear, and though the chaplain’s words seemed to solicit a response, no words would come... She lost focus.
After an extended silence, the chaplain softly said, “Maybe we should give you some time. I can come back later if you would prefer.”
Again silence.
The chaplain glanced at Walt. “I’ll come back,” he said and rose from the couch.
Walt followed.
The movement brought Adie back, and she motioned the men to stay. “Forgive me,” she said. “These past few days have—” Again she went silent, momentarily lost in thought...then continued. “Not long ago I read a book about a sailor... He had fallen overboard in a storm. The seas were huge—waves like mountains. He was clinging to this crate. It was late in the day, and the sun was trying to break through. I remember he told of the terror he felt at the bottom of the swells, and then how his hope would grow as he reached each crest.”
“...Two days ago I was in the compound. I felt like my life had come to nothing. I had very little in common with anyone around me. I had no hopes for a family of my own...and my condition...well, I have cancer.
“Then the Syrians attacked. I thought my life was over.” She paused, wiping a tear from her cheek. “But there was this amazing man, and others, like angels, like love in human form...and this incredible spaceship and the hope of healing—the crest of the wave.”
“And now your brothers,” Walt said, completing her thought.
Adie nodded. “I feel torn between sadness and hope. I want to keep my head above water, but I feel like I’m being pulled back down.”
Walt struggled to empathize. “I don’t think there’s a soul on this ship who has experienced this level of trauma. We can only guess what you’re going through. But I am encouraged by your resilience, and rest assured we are all here for you.”
“I appreciate your words,” Adie said. “It’s just been so hard to make sense of it all...everything that’s happened to my family. Why was I allowed to live while others—even little children like my brothers, had to die?” She paused. “Innocent...they were all innocent. And I escaped death a dozen times. Why do such things happen?”
After some reflection, the chaplain said, “You raise a very difficult question...one that has haunted mankind from the beginning: ‘Why do bad things happen to good people?’ ...I think we must go all the way back to Adam and the original sin, my dear. It was that act that brought sin into the world...and that scourge of humanity has been with us ever since. Clearly, it has taken a terrible toll on you and your family. But as Christians, we are by no means immune to its effects. The Lord said, ‘In the world you will have tribulation.’ Yet He also told us to ‘take heart,’ because He has overcome the world. And He has promised to be with us and never forsake us. We all question why things happen the way they do, but truth is, we may not have answers until we are with Jesus in heaven.
“We must remember...God doesn’t see events as we do. We live one day at a time; yet He sees our entire lives all at once, from beginning to end. He knows where we’ve been, where we are, and where we’re going. Our part is to trust that all things work together for good for those who love Him.
“As to why you were spared, my dear...only time will tell. Clearly...clearly God is not finished with you...
“I believe He has formed each of us for a purpose...and yes, even your brothers’ lives had purpose. After all, while they were alive, did they not bring joy to your parents and others? Did they not play a role in molding you into the beautiful soul you are today...? Oh yes, my dear, we all have a purpose and God-given talents...and He expects us to employ those talents for the benefit of others. Now, from what I hear, you are a young woman of many talents.”
Walt voiced his agreement, and after a brief silence, said, “You know, it was difficult for Ari to tell you.”
Adie gave a half nod. “I saw it in his eyes,” she said, looking away. “I had been hoping against hope that my brothers might have survived, but deep down I think I knew there wasn’t much chance.” She paused once again in thought. “I just realized...”
“What’s that?” Walt asked.
“I’m an orphan,” she said. “I never considered...“
Chaplain Granger thought for a moment and said, “Well, my dear, let me ask...what does it say to you that you find yourself an orphan, on a ship full of orphans? ...Oh, our parents may still be living, but we’ve been fifteen years away, circling your world, with thirty-five more before we see home again...
“Look at your past, your gifts, your upbringing. Who knows but that God has prepared you for just such a time as this. When we lost Mrs. Argon, the captain’s mother, well...the ship hasn’t been the same since. Then you came—an unexpected breath of fresh air, and now, the ship is alive again.”
Adie began to smile. “Thank you. You are very kind....”
Taking advantage of a momentary lull in conversation, Walt said, “So, Adie, what can you tell us about your brothers?”
Adie drew a slow breath and cleared her throat. “Oh, I suppose they were like other little boys: self-centered, strong-willed, a little mischievous... They liked to hear stories, I can tell you that. Superman...that was their favorite. I don’t know how many times I read them that silly comic book.”
Both men smiled.
“They did enjoy playing outside...especially on the farm in Hungary.” A smirk formed on Adie’s face. “There was a little stream that ran down the hill near the house. I remember one time going with them down into the woods. There was this spot they liked along the creek bank... Anyway, they took off their shoes and went in the water looking for crayfish.” 
“Crayfish?” the chaplain said.
Adie nodded. “Like little lobsters, but they live in fresh water.”
“Ah...”
“Anyway, as you would expect with little boys, they enjoyed a good fight, so they would catch these crayfish and get them mad at each other. I always thought it was kind of gruesome. Well, this time Gil got distracted, and one of them attached itself to his little toe.” She laughed to herself. “The next thing I knew, he started screaming and jumping around to beat the band. Now, of course Davy found all of this quite amusing until Gil disturbed a bee’s nest on the creek bank. By the time we managed to run back to the house, Gil had been stung seven times. Those bees were so vicious, one of them even got into his underclothes and stung him, well...” Adie started to smile. “Those were my brothers. Those were my—” She covered her mouth.
The two men waited patiently for her emotions to settle, then moved on.
Eventually the chaplain brought the discussion to a close. “Before I go,” he said, “I was wondering what you would think of a memorial service, maybe in a couple of days?”
Adie found the offer a comforting surprise and graciously accepted.
“And during the service, would you mind if we showed some imagery of your brothers?”
“I would like that,” she replied, rising to show him to the door.
After offering a prayer of comfort, the chaplain went on his way, and Adie returned to sit with Walt.
“You look tired,“ Walt said.
Adie took a deep breath and exhaled. “So many emotions,” she said, slowly shaking her head. “I feel alone, yet not alone—sad, yet full of hope. Until I met you and the others, I really didn’t think God liked me very much.”
Walt groaned. “Dear Adie, you couldn’t be more wrong. God loves all His children—more than we will ever understand. Do you know, when He looks at a Christian like you or me, all He sees is His Son—not the things we do wrong, not the things we fail to do right, not our egos, not our attitudes—just His Son. Because you, dear Adie, are in His Son, all of your sins...past, present, and future, are covered by grace.”
Adie pondered and said, “I’ve never heard anyone put it that way... Thank you.”
Walt checked his wrist display. “You know, I promised Ari I would call him when we were done, but if you don’t mind, I’d like to show you a few things first. Ari didn’t by any chance give you the clearance code for his personal archive, did he?”
“Yes, he did.”
“Excellent. Then why don’t we sit down at the display, and I’ll show you some of what happened before your rescue. I think you might find it illuminating.”
They moved to the media room, and Walt initiated the sequences, starting with Ari’s reaction to news of the Arab invasion.
Adie quickly became engrossed.
At her request, Walt paused the sequence with Ari in his quarters, standing before the still image display.
“He was talking to my picture,” she said with emotion, “like he...he was talking to my—”
“Yes, he was,” Walt said, noting her sweet expression. “Would you like to skip forward?”
“No...please...can we see his face from the front?”
“Of course,” Walt said, changing the angle of view.
Adie was mesmerized. “Look at him...his eyes, the sadness. He’s so—consumed.” 
The imagery ran straight through to the senior council meeting, where Adie watched the heart-pounding drama play out in life-like detail. She found Ari’s petition particularly riveting.
Walt went on to show much of the rescue preparation, concluding with the crew’s conversation during the transit to Earth.
When the imagery stopped, Walt glanced at his wrist. “Hmmm, I think we may have run a little over. Do you know, it’s been over three hours?”
“How can that be?” Adie said as if coming out of a trance. “It seems like we just started.”
Walt put a call through to Ari.
“It’s been a while,” Ari said. “Everything okay?”
“All is well,” Walt replied. “When can you come up?”
“I’m on my way.”
Referencing the imagery she had seen, Adie tried to summarize her thoughts of Ari. “He seems really—“ She searched for the word.
“Determined?” Walt suggested.
“...Yes, determined,” Adie agreed.
“One of the things I admire most in him.”

Chapter 10
Ari walked through the entrance unprepared for the reception. Adie had seen and heard enough. When he entered the room, she received him with a warm embrace, stretched up, held his head in her hands and kissed him full on the lips, lingering for some time. Ari could not resist and responded tenderly, then slowly backed away as if waking from a long restful sleep. “My, my, that was...indescribably delicious.”
“Delicious,” Adie repeated.
Walt looked at Ari and smiled.
“What brought that on?” Ari asked, looking down at Adie and then at Walt.
“I think it may have had something to do with a few sequences from your archive,” Walt said. “You know...the build-up to the rescue, senior council meeting and such.”
Ari briefly took stock. “I see,” he said, slightly flushed.
“Listen, you two,” Walt said, “I need to head on back to the office.”
Ari extended his hand. “Thanks, my friend.”
“My pleasure. And young lady, I’ll see you soon.”
———————
“That kiss...,” Ari said.
“I know, I know,” Adie replied, plopping down on the couch. “It just happened. I can’t—“
“It’s okay,” Ari said, amused. “I’m just glad I’m not on alpha-meds, like the majority of the crew.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a medication we use to help keep our minds off the opposite sex.”
“Why on earth would anyone want to do that?”
“I know it must seem a little strange, but try to understand. The people on this ship are all professionals—the best of the best. They’re completely dedicated to their work, and most of them want to keep it that way. Now, having said that, I have noticed a few exceptions lately.”
“You mean, like Merrick and Katie?”
“Quite.”
“But if they were taking medication, how could that happen?”
“Well, the meds can be taken with various levels of potency. Even at its strongest dosage, it leaves some room, should the right person come along.” Ari smiled and went silent.
“Anyway...,” said Adie, offering a new subject, “thank you for everything you did to convince your council.”
Wrinkles formed on Ari’s brow. “Those things I said about your family and what happened to them...I hope you don’t think... I said those things to shock the council into action, not to appear callous. I hope you—“
Adie put her fingers to his lips. “Stop—stop now,” she said softly. “You said what you had to say. I thought it was wonderful. And when you got ready to come for me, and on your way down...your words, the words of the others, the planning—so detailed, so determined, so selfless. I would expect a people who shun violence to be shy, weak...even cowardly. Instead, you were like the most valiant warriors, and yet, even with your enemies, your thoughts were always to preserve life. You were like angels of God, yet men and women, just like me... I need to talk with your parents. They should know.”
Ari shifted uncomfortably. “Do you think that’s necessary?”
Adie looked intently into his eyes.
Sensing a losing battle, he relented. “I have a few appointments in the morning. I’ll take you by on my way in.”
Her expression eased, and she sat back on the couch, her head against his shoulder. “Thank you. I just want them to know what kind of son they raised.” After a brief silence, she added, “There was a man in the council meeting—well, he wasn’t really in the meeting. I think they said he was on an island somewhere, and—”
“You mean Doc Socal?”
“Yes—he was on that big movie screen. It’s just, he seemed a little grumpy.”
Ari nodded. “He can be that way, but you shouldn’t judge him too harshly.”
“No, I liked him. I liked his face. But there was...I don’t know, a sadness...like I saw so many times in the war....”
Ari looked down at Adie, amazed at her perception. “A fair assessment, I think. You see, not long before we left Marcova, he lost his wife and little girl—a terrible accident. The family was close—tore him up inside. I wish you could have known him before that happened.” Ari paused, reminiscing... “The man could whistle like a songbird... Honestly, I knew no finer man. But anger and bitterness took hold, and we’re all the worse for it.”
Adie uttered a soft sigh.
“Listen, how about a little exercise? Katie should be on her way up. She wants to take you to the sports-plex.”
“But what about you?” Adie said, disappointed. “I haven’t seen you all afternoon.”
“I’ll change in my quarters and meet you there. Walt and I will run while you and the others go to the workout center.”
“Others?”    
Voices from the corridor, subdued at first, grew louder. Then Katie called out, “Your door is open, can we come in?”
“Yes, I’m here.”
“Oh, hello Doc,” Katie said, entering with four rather excited companions.
“Just on my way out,” Ari grinned.
The enthusiasm of the young women boosted Adie’s spirits. “My word, what interesting outfits,” she said.
They were dressed in brightly colored, form-fitting workout attire, with shorts extending mid-thigh and sleeveless tops that left the mid-section exposed. Their shoes were low-cut with high traction synthetic soles.
“Here, try these on,” Katie said, “or would you like something more modest?”
“...No, these are fine.” She took the outfit from Katie and went into the bedroom.
“I plugged your measurements into the cyclic,” Katie called out. “They should fit perfectly.”
As Adie snugged down the top, she smiled at the two small bear silhouettes; one on the top, above the left breast, the other on the shorts, midway up the right thigh.
————— Ninety Minutes Later —————
“So, what did you think of my friends?” Katie asked.
“They were nice,” said Adie. “I enjoyed that.”
Looking down from the transparent overpass, they watched Ari and Walt run out from under them on the track below.
“When do you think they’ll be done?” Adie asked.
“How much longer?” Katie quickly called out.
Without turning, both men raised two fingers.
“Two more times around,” Katie said.
They moved forward to lean on the waist-high railing. Before long, the men passed again on their last lap.
“Look at him,” Adie said. “Two nights ago I took a bullet out of that leg. You would never know it now. He looks so graceful.”
Katie gave a nod and took a call from Merrick on her com-link.
“I’m off,” Merrick said with a broad smile. “How about dinner?”
Katie grinned. “We’re all meeting in the Deck 3 dining area after our showers...maybe an hour or so. Can you come?”
“Count me in...and what about after?”
“A movie at Adie’s.”
“Sounds good. See you on Deck 3,” Merrick said, signing off.
Adie smiled warmly. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“Just now, when you said, ‘A movie at Adie’s,’ you made me feel welcome...you know...at home.”
“Well, for heaven’s sake,” Katie said, placing her arm around Adie’s neck and pulled her close. “You know what?”
Adie slowly shook her head.
“I think we need a shower.”
————— Later that evening —————
“Oh, I don’t know...how about The Wizard of Oz?” Ari suggested. “Adie may enjoy the music.”
Merrick thought for a moment and began to smile. “I’ll set it up.”
“...Why don’t you start it just after the credits?” Ari suggested.
Merrick acknowledged and put the request in to Leah.
The fast-paced opening scene kept Adie spellbound as Dorothy went through a jumble of chaotic activity, followed by her brief but poignant monolog. Then, hearing the first words of her favorite song, Adie leaned close to Ari. “So this is where it came from.”
“Surprised?”
————— After the Movie —————
Walt glanced over at Adie. “So, how did you like it?”
“It was wonderful...especially Dorothy’s voice,” she said with a frown forming, “but that witch scared me to death!”
“I didn’t think you saw her,” Ari kidded. “Every time she appeared, you hid your face.”
“I did not,” Adie protested, giving him an elbow and drawing laughter from the others.
“I guess I stand corrected,” Ari said, making a face.
Katie checked her wrist display. “It’s 2310. Someone needs her beauty sleep...and it’s not me.”
Adie stuck out her lower lip and looked at Ari.
Taking Katie’s cue, Ari nodded and tipped his head toward the bedroom. “You should listen to your trainer.”
Adie soon gave way and took hold of Ari’s hand. “When I’m ready, will you come and tuck me in?” she asked softly.
“How sweet,” Katie said, eyeing Merrick.
Ari smiled. “As Merrick would say, ‘I’d be honored, m’lady.’”
When the bedroom barrier shut, Walt glanced at Ari. “It would be good if you could bring her by in the morning for a counseling session.”
The comment jogged Ari’s memory. “She wants to visit with my parents in the morning—may take some time. How about afternoon?”
Walt thought for a moment... “I’ll shift my appointments.”
A few minutes later, Merrick noticed the bedroom barrier open and signaled Ari.
———————
He took a seat on the edge of the bed with Adie just out of reach. “Big bed,” he observed. “I can arrange for a smaller one if you would like.”
“No, thank you,” Adie said and slid closer. “This one is perfect.”
In the dim light Ari felt her gaze, and their eyes met. “Would you like to pray with me before you go to sleep?”
Adie gave a subtle nod.
“Would you like for me to go first?” he asked.
Another nod.
He took her hand and bowed his head. “...Dear Lord, how can I offer anything but praise to You for these past few days? She is here, lying before me, her hand in mine—her blood flowing through my veins. I hear her softly breathing... Life can be so miraculous. Truly, You are the God of miracles. Thank You for the timing of events, Your protection, and this opportunity to enjoy her presence in my life.
“She has experienced so many trials: the war, this rescue, the reality of an alien civilization...and now this news of her brothers. Dear Lord, how she copes—where she finds her strength—it has to come from You, for You are our strength, our salvation, and our bright hope. I pray for her healing, Father...for Your consolation and peace. And finally, I pray that You would reveal to her Your perfect will. I ask these things in the name of Your Son.”
After a brief silence, Adie followed. “...My Father, who can describe You? How can anyone hope to frame You with mere words? You are so awesome in power, in majesty, in glory. Your creation astounds me...so much more than I ever imagined. What I’ve seen, what I’ve experienced here above the earth...I had no idea. Just a few days ago my life seemed pointless...then the attack and the scary man in the armor uniform. Forgive me, Father—I tried to kill him—the bravest, kindest, most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen, and I tried to kill him.” Adie tightened her hold on Ari’s hand. “Forgive me.” Ari lightly squeezed back, and Adie continued. “Thank You, Father. Thank You for these magnificent people who came down and risked their own lives to scoop me from the hands of my adversaries. In the depths of my despair, You heard my cry and blessed me beyond my dreams. Thank You for the healing that You are bringing to my body and to my mind through these people. Truly, I owe a debt of thanks I can never repay.
“But Father, even with all of this, still there is sadness: sadness for Mama and Papa, sadness for my friends who died in the compound, and now Davy and Gil... Yet I know You are the Great Healer, and I have found consolation and new hope—hope that has escaped me for a long, long time.
“Dear Father, I pray for Israel—for her deliverance. I pray for Your blessing on this crew for all they have done to make me feel so at home. And I pray for Your wisdom and guidance as I make decisions that will affect my future, Ari’s future, and even the future of this crew. Amen.”
Ari leaned down and kissed her forehead. “Dear Adie—beautiful inside and out.”
As he backed away, Adie reached up and clasped her hands behind his neck, gently tugging him back down until their lips met briefly, then separated. “Can’t you stay for just a little longer?”
“...Alas, dear lady, I would surely do so, but regretfully, I must away. Duty is a taskmaster without pity.”
Adie giggled at his feeble attempt at Old English literature. “And how long wilt thou be away?” she prodded, playing along.
He leaned down and whispered in her ear, “Only a few hours, now try to get some sleep.”
“Okay,” she whispered back, giving him a final peck on the cheek.
“The others will be just outside,” he said in a reassuring tone. “I won’t be long.”
———————
Ari found his friends waiting by the sofa. “Listen, I appreciate your willingness to fill in. These appointments shouldn’t take long.”
“Not a problem,” Merrick said. “We’ll hold down the fort. Walt brought along a case to review, and Katie and I can just watch another movie—or should I say, I can watch another movie.” He gave Katie a nudge.
“Not if it’s a Humphrey Bogart movie,” she said, pulling him in the direction of the main display.
“He’s a little short for you, isn’t he?”
“Who?”
“Bogart.”
Ari smiled at Walt and turned to leave.
———————
Three hours later, Ari returned to find his friends engrossed in conversation. “Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt,” he said, taking a seat beside them on the sofa.
“You’re not interrupting,” Walt assured him. “We could use your input.”
“On what subject?”
“Adie’s recovery...any suggestions?”
Ari thought for a moment... “How would you say she’s doing so far?”
“Very well, I think—better than one would expect,” Walt said.
Katie turned toward Ari. “She seems to have this amazing ability to adapt...I mean, her whole world is inside-out. She’s in an alien place, literally, complete with alien beings and all of this mind-numbing technology. If it were me, I’d be scared out of my mind. Yet she is so accepting—so trusting.”
“All this and a sweet spirit too,” Merrick added.
Ari’s face brightened. “Yes, and almost entirely due to the kindness and compassion you all have shown her from the beginning... Katie, I think you hit on the key word: Trust. God bless you for making that the cornerstone of our communication. I thought I really messed up when I misled the captain, but Adie, bless her heart, has accepted that as an unavoidable—”
“Ariiiiiii!!!” Adie’s shriek seemed to electrify the air around them.
Immediately, Ari excused himself and headed for her room. Upon entering, he found her sitting up in bed, pillow in her lap and holding her head. He crawled up beside her. “What is it? What’s happened?”
She turned her head slowly from side to side, hands now covering her face. “Bad dream—bad dream,” she said as if trying to shake it off.
“Was it the movie? What is it?” he asked, eager to ease her mind.
Still in confusion, she struggled to answer. “The rescue—the soldiers, they caught you. Merrick was carrying me away. It was so hopeless. You were starting to push the buttons on your wrist...I woke up.” She looked at Ari and covered her mouth. “Did I scream?”
Ari smiled and gently brushed her hair back. “Sure got my attention,” he said with a broadening smile.
“What? Why are you smiling like that?” she asked sheepishly. “What else did I do?”
“Nothing... It’s just...”
“Just what?”
“It’s just nice to know you care so much—about me, I mean.”
Adie was still bewildered. “It was horrifying,” she said, looking Ari in the eye. “No more rescues, promise me—no more rescues!”
Ari put his hands up. “I promise, no more rescues.”
She breathed a sigh.
Giving her a moment to recover, he said, “Listen...on my way back here, I stopped by my parents’ place. Jennie and Claire were asking about a sleepover. It’s near their bedtime. How about some company?”
Adie found the idea comforting. “I’d like that...but can they sleep that long? I thought they only needed two hours.”
“Yes, two hours is sufficient, but we can sleep longer if we wish—just like you. I’ll give my mom a call.”
Adie moved toward the edge of the bed. “I should apologize to the others.”
“No need,” Ari countered. “They understand.”
“But I want to.” She slipped out of bed and accompanied Ari to the door.
“Sorry everyone,” she said, a little embarrassed. “Bad dream.”
“That’s quite all right, my dear,” Walt said. “Have them myself from time to time.”
Ari stooped, and whispered, “Why don’t you head on back to bed? Your company will be in shortly.”
———————
Ari ended the conversation with his mother and glanced at his friends. “They’re on their way.”
Walt stared at the floor in thought and glanced at Ari. “Kind of unusual, don’t you think—I mean screaming out your name like that? ...Not real common to dream about someone you’ve only known for a day or two, particularly a vivid dream... Emotional bonding might account for it, I suppose.”
Ari fought back a smile.
“Seems to me, that’s kind of a good thing,” Walt added.
———————
The girls arrived at Adie’s door ready for bed—Ari at their side. Jennie carried a teddy bear under each arm. Claire held a bear under one arm and Caesar under the other, his head and paws protruding above her forearm, and his tail, dragging the floor.
Adie found the scene amusing...there was poor Caesar, looking like a hapless sailor clinging desperately to the last piece of flotsam before sinking beneath the waves.
“This one’s for you,” Jennie said, offering Adie one of the bears. 
Adie smiled. “Come on up here, you two.”
“I see you found the extra pillows,” Ari said, nudging the girls forward.
Claire deposited Caesar at the foot of the bed and crawled up next to Adie.
“Does the cat bother you?” Ari asked. “I can keep him out here if you would prefer.”
“No, no, he’s fine.”
Caesar moved over and curled up at Adie’s feet.
“I think you’ll find he’s quite the charming fellow,” Ari said.
Jennie was becoming impatient. “Ari, you have to go now. This is just girls!”
Adie looked down at Jennie and back at Ari. “That’s right...just girls,” she said, putting on a stern face.
“Well, good night then,” Ari said, blowing a kiss and stepping back through the entrance. “Sleep well.”
The barrier closed, and the room went black.
“Would you two like a little light?” Adie asked.
“I want to look at the stars,” Claire said. “We can’t see the stars in our room.”
“Well, that sounds like a perfect idea.” Adie cleared the ceiling panel, bathing them in starlight. “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to this....”
“I think it’s so beautiful,” Claire said, taking Adie’s hand.
“How about you Jennie,” Adie said, “do you know any of the constellations?”
———————
For Adie, the way back to sleep was “paved in gold,” with a blanket of stars above, the little girls cuddling on either side, and Caesar’s deep resonant purring reminding her of nights in Berlin and the soothing rumble of freight trains passing in the night.
———————
The ship moved out of Earth’s shadow before they fell asleep. Three hours had passed since, and sunlight had begun a slow progression down the bedroom wall. The room took on a warm glow, stirring Adie from a peaceful sleep. As her senses returned, she could feel the girls close against her body, softly breathing, each with an arm across her waist. The situation was such a comfort that she allowed them to go on sleeping for some time.
———————
“Okay you two, time to wake up,” Adie said, in a scratchy voice.
They groaned.
“Don’t you have school or something?”
Caesar rolled onto his back for an extended stretch and giant yawn.
———————
Ari was waiting outside when the barrier dismissed. “Do we have everything?” He asked the girls.
Claire lifted Caesar to Ari. “Here...you take him.”
Ari glanced at Adie. “I’ll be right back,” he said with a wink.
“No hurry,” Adie said. “I’ll take a shower.”
———————
Adie spent the morning with the Stratfords and met Ari for lunch. Then, after her session with Walt, Ari occupied the remainder of her day with tours of the work centers on Decks 5 and 6, punctuated by an exercise period and dinner on Deck 4. It was 2200 hours when they finally returned to her quarters.
Katie was waiting. “You two look exhausted.”
Adie plopped down beside her on the couch. “I am.”
“So what do you think of the ship so far?”
“It’s a lot to take in... I think my mind is going to explode.”
“Well, we sure don’t want that. Maybe you should call it a day. Remember, you tour the lower decks early, and there’s the memorial service at ten.”
Adie nodded, rose slowly from the couch, and looked up at Ari. “Will you come say goodnight before you go?”
“Now?”
“Not now, silly,” she said, patting his chest. “Let me wash up and get into my nightgown.”
“Oh...your nightgown,” Katie said. “I recycled the one you had and got you a new one. It’s on your bed.”
Adie leaned down to give her a hug and lost her balance. Ari lunged forward to steady her, but too late. She fell across Katie, turned and landed on the couch beside her.
Ari laughed. “Well, I did try.”
Katie smiled at Adie. “You meant to do that, right?”
Giddy and giggling, Adie said, “That wasn’t very dignified, now was it?” She reached around Katie's neck, pulled her close and kissed her cheek. “Thank you for being my friend.”
Katie looked up at Ari and smiled. “Doc, I think you need to put this girl to bed!”

Chapter 11
With the chapel filled to capacity, Adie and Ari made their way down the center aisle toward the front where the chaplain, senior staff, and rescue crew stood waiting. Astonished at the show of support, Adie tightened her grip on Ari’s hand.
When all had settled, the chaplain stepped onto the platform and motioned everyone to be seated. Behind him a large panoramic display showed a brook flowing through a flower-covered meadow.
“Blessed are the poor in spirit,” Chaplain Granger began, “for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they who mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God.” He paused, allowing the words to resonate.
“God tells us through Isaiah, ‘Do not fear, for I am with you; do not anxiously look about you, for I am your God. I will strengthen you, surely I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.’”
The panorama behind the chaplain dissolved into imagery of Adie and her brothers, beautifully edited from their time in Berlin and later in Hungary. 
“We have gathered today in memory of Davy and Gil Behr, brothers of our dear sister Adie—two young innocents caught up in a world gone mad with violence. Five years have passed since the Great War, and yet only recently has Adie become aware of their passing.”
The chaplain transitioned into a prayer of consolation and a brief biography, followed by a few humorous anecdotes. He then cued Katie to lead a hymn and stepped down from the platform.
“When I was the age of these little ones,” Katie said, gesturing toward the display, “I remember asking my mother what Heaven would be like... She showed me in the book of Revelation where it tells of a place of unspeakable beauty and joy, a place of perfect peace, where every tear will be wiped away. Truly, no eye has seen, nor ear has heard the wonders that await us there.”
Katie sang the first verse on her own and then invited everyone to join in as the words scrolled across the display behind her.
Toward the end of the second verse, Ari fell silent.
Then at the song’s conclusion, as Katie exchanged places with the chaplain, Adie leaned close to Ari and whispered, “Why did you stop?”
“...I heard an angel singing,” he whispered back.
“The hymn spoke of Heaven,” the chaplain continued, “and the wondrous things that await all who believe... But what of two little boys cut off so early in life, two boys who never heard the gospel and therefore were incapable of believing? Can such as these pass out of this life into Heaven?
“To find illumination, we need only look to 2 Samuel. It was here that King David committed adultery with Bathsheba, causing her pregnancy and later the birth of a son.
“In response to David’s sin, the Lord sent the prophet Nathan to inform him that the child would surely die... Grieved by this news, David fasted and prayed until the child’s passing, then he arose and ate.
“Now, this turnabout in behavior confused his servants, and they sought an explanation.
“In response, David answered, ‘While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept; for I said, who can tell whether God will be gracious to me, that the child may live? But now he is dead; wherefore should I fast? Can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.’
“In this passage, David indicates a clear belief that he would see the child again. Consequently, because David was ‘a man after God’s own heart’ and the very fact that this statement was included in the Bible, we can rest assured that little ones such as these, who have had no opportunity to believe, are safe in the Lord.
“Therefore, dear Adie, I am confident that one day there will be a blessed reunion awaiting you in Heaven.”
As Adie struggled with her emotions, Ari discreetly pulled an absorbent cloth from a hip-pouch and placed it in her hand.
The chaplain’s message continued for several minutes, culminating in a prayer and benediction. “Thank you all for coming,” he said. “You are dismissed.” He motioned for Adie and Ari to stand beside him, and a long procession of well-wishers began to file past.
When the last of the crew had offered condolences, Adie turned to the chaplain. “What a wonderful service. How can I ever thank you?”
Chaplain Granger offered a kindly smile. “It was a great privilege, my dear.”
Adie glanced back at the display as imagery of her brothers continued to run. “May I ask who was responsible for these movies? It was so well done. I can’t imagine how much time it must have taken.”
“Very nice of you to ask... That would be Hannah.”
“May I thank her?”
“Surely...she’s back in the media room.” He pointed to the window at the rear of the chapel. “But there’s something you should know... You’re staying in Mrs. Argon’s quarters, so I assume you are aware of the incident involving the archeological team.”
“Yes, the captain told me...very sad.”
“Poor child lost both parents, and as if that weren’t enough, she’s the only youngster of her age on the ship. She’s neither crewman nor adult and no longer a child.”
“How old is she?”
“Fifteen, I believe... Of course, our counselors have been a great help...and then she became a Christian a few months ago, but she is still somewhat reclusive—spends a lot of time editing in the archives. Anyway, enough about that,” he said, giving Adie a nudge. “Go ahead. It will lift her spirits.”
———————
Adie took a breath and pushed her face through the barrier.
Hannah was sitting with her back to the entrance, working the media console. Her long disheveled hair seemed to cascade in every direction.
Seeing her way clear, Adie stepped into the room. “Hannah?” she said, pronouncing the name well enough to be mistaken for another crewman.
“Yes, I’m done,” Hannah said in her native tongue. “You can have the room.”
Adie smiled. “I’m sorry, I don’t speak your—“
Startled by the Hebrew dialect, Hannah spun around, clearly unnerved by the alien presence. She eyed her only route of escape.
Adie sensed Hannah’s anxiety and fought the distraction of seeing a young teen in a woman-sized body. “Don’t be afraid,” she said in a calming voice. “I just wanted to thank you for your work on the movie. It was lovely.”
“What happened to your eye?” Hannah asked, still apprehensive. “Are you violent?”
“No, Hannah, bad men did this to me. Then they destroyed my family—my mother...my father...my brothers... I’m just an orphan, like you.”
Adie’s words struck home, and Hannah’s expression softened.
“Look, why don’t we try again?” Adie said, offering her hand. “My name is Adie Behr.”
Hannah awkwardly brushed the hair from her eyes, approached, and took Adie’s hand. “Hannah Knightly,” she said, a little uneasy. “This feels kind of strange.”
Adie nodded. “Now you know how I felt when I was surrounded by six aliens with only a towel around me.”
“You're kidding,” Hannah said, blushing. “How did that happen?”
Confused, Adie said, “But I thought everyone knew about me. Didn’t you see a movie or something?”
Hannah shook her head. “All I know is they brought you up from the surface, and your brothers died in the big war. Ship news doesn’t interest me much.”
“The chaplain says you spend a lot of time in the archives.”
“Uh-huh—and try to keep up with my studies.”
“That sounds like a lonely life. Don’t you have any time for friends?”
“Ha! Ha! Good joke,” Hannah said with a note of sarcasm. “Almost everyone here is single and over twice my age... Oh, a few of the crew brought families, but their kids are much older than me. My parents got married just after leaving Marcova. Some others were married later, but their children are...children.”
“So, of the older ones, who is closest to your age?”
A half smile formed and quickly vanished. “The only one younger than twenty-five is Seth—Seth Lakeland. He’s twenty.”
“Is that Lakeland, as in Senior Counselor Lakeland? ...and I saw that smile, by the way.”
“Yes, that’s his dad,” Hannah said, slightly flushed.
“I see,” said Adie, pausing for effect. “Say...this evening some of us are getting together in my quarters for a game, or maybe a movie. It would mean a lot to me if you would come.”
Suppressing a smile, Hannah said, “It’s very nice of you, but I—“
“Will you come?” Adie repeated with emphasis.
After a brief hesitation, Hannah replied, “I will come.”
———————
Ari was waiting patiently for Adie’s return when he received an alert on his wrist display. He stepped aside to take the call. 
“Dr. Stratford: Boris Hargrove...Ops... We just received a distress call from the lunar expedition. Looks like one of the team has gone into labor.”
Ari cringed. “That would be Iko Maru.”
“Yes, sir. Her contractions started about an hour ago.”
“I don’t suppose they’re at a place where they can just pull up stakes and return?”
“No, sir...mission runs two more days, and they’re at a critical stage. Oh, they said to remind you that she’s Koluran.”
“Yes. I’m aware,” Ari said. “Has Doc Carruth returned from the surface?”
“Stand by... No, sir. Not due back until 2030.”
“Then, is there a landing craft at her location?”
“Stand by... No, sir. Her ride won’t depart the launch bay for another four hours. Shall I scramble the crew?”
“No, it’s too late for that.” Ari paused and scanned the room. “Give me a minute.”
———————
The media room window gave Adie a clear view of the chapel platform and Ari. She had seen him take the call, and his expressions were making it increasingly difficult to focus on her conversation with Hannah.
———————
Merrick caught Ari’s gesture and approached. “Something come up?”
“You might say that,” Ari replied with a grin. “How’d you like to go to the moon?”
“What? Why in Heaven’s name would I want to go there? I hate the moon.”
“Well...it seems a member of the lunar expedition is about to become a mother.”
“Good grief! What in the world is she doing on the moon?”
Slightly flustered, Ari said, “I suppose I’m to blame for that. She really wanted to go. And the team lobbied hard for her—said she was indispensable. Plus, the baby isn’t actually due for another three weeks... Anyway, here’s the rub...she’s Koluran.”
Merrick understood the ramifications. “She took the vow?”
“Uh-huh...and Doc Carruth is still down on the surface, so it looks like Katie will be doing the delivery. I thought I’d ask Adie to assist.”
A grin formed on Merrick’s face. “The moon—I love the moon.”
Ari smiled. “I think Katie's outside. Would you mind calling her in?”
Moments later Merrick returned with Katie, and Ari quickly brought her up to speed. “I’d like to take Jack along, but under the circumstances, Candy Rayborn may be a better bet.”
Katie nodded. “The more girls the better, I think.”
Ari turned to Merrick. “Okay, so it’s the three of us then, plus Adie and Candy... I assume we’ll be using the Medevac bird.”
“Yep. It’s on stand-by—a little preflight and we’re away.”
———————
Katie's arrival at the platform soon broke Adie’s concentration. She apologized to Hannah and moved closer to the window. Hannah followed Adie’s gaze to Ari and the others.
“Now, what do you suppose that’s all about?” Adie asked.
Hannah gave the subject curious consideration. “I don’t know—looks pretty serious, though,” she guessed. “So why did Dr. Stratford walk you in, anyway?”
Adie turned to look Hannah in the eye. “I want you to hold that question until this evening...but for now, I’m afraid I have to go. Do you know where Mrs. Argon used to live?”
Hannah nodded.
“I’ll be expecting you. Promise me you’ll come.”
“I promise,” Hannah said, straight-faced.
———————
The chapel was now clear except for the trio on the platform.
“I’ll call ops about Candy and have her meet us in the launch bay,” Ari said. “Merrick, why don’t you pick up the excursion suits and do the preflight. Katie, you can take Adie and gather the med gear. Oh...and don’t forget her plasmids. I can give her the injection in transit.”
Merrick tipped his head toward Adie, who was coming toward them down the center aisle.
Ari acknowledged and said, “One more thing—I’d like to keep our destination a secret as far as Adie is concerned, at least until she gets down to the launch bay—a little fun to help lift her spirits. You guys okay with that?”
They both gave a quick nod as Adie joined them.
“I was watching from the window,” Adie said. “Has something happened?”
Ari grinned. “Looks like one of the crew is about to become a mother. Katie will be doing the delivery, and I thought you might like to assist. It’s completely up to you of course, but—“
“I’d love to!” Adie interrupted.
“Then why don’t you two go on over to the med bay and gather the gear. I’ll see you soon.”
Though Adie found Ari’s statement a little peculiar, she rationalized that they would be doing the delivery in the crewmember’s quarters. So she smiled, took Katie's arm, and they headed for the door.
“Wow, that was easy,” Merrick said. “Guess I’ll be on my way. Meet you at the bird in, say, twenty minutes.”

Chapter 12
They passed Deck 9 en route to the launch bay. The gravium cart at Katie's side held the baby enclosure and an assortment of med supplies. “So Merrick tells me you have some midwife experience,” said Katie. “Do you remember any of that?” The barrier dismissed, revealing Ari and Merrick just outside.
“That’s not the kind of thing you tend to forget,” Adie answered, following the cart out.
“How close are her contractions?” Katie asked Ari.
“Ten-minute intervals during the last hour,” Ari said. “They did a rudimentary scan...showed some minor dilation. She should hold out until we arrive.”
Looking around at all the landing craft, an alarm began to sound in Adie’s head. “Wait a minute. Where is she, anyway?”
Ari gave Merrick a wink.
“The moon,” Merrick said. “Why?”
The answer stopped Adie in her tracks. “My word! Don’t you people do anything in a small way?”
Merrick returned a broad grin. “Where’s the fun in that?”
Adie was astonished.
“So, don’t you want to come?” Ari asked.
As Adie struggled with reality, Ari pretended dejection and trudged off in the direction of the landing craft. “Oh, that’s okay,” he sighed. “You don’t have to come. I’ll go—just me—all by myself—don’t let it bother you—I’ll be fine—solitary old me—all alone—“
Adie ran to catch up. “Now stop! Of course I’ll go!” she said, drawing a grin from Ari and laughter from the others.
The Falcon was in prelaunch position, directly opposite the massive airlock. Ari and crew stopped at the base of the ramp, not wishing to hinder preflight preparations.
The broad entryway at the rear of the craft gave Adie a clear view of the interior. “That looks bigger than I remember.”
“If you’re referring to the rescue craft,” Merrick said, “then yes, that was a Sparrow-class landing craft. This one’s a Falcon—about twice the size.”
“But why can’t we use the smaller one?” Adie asked.
“Well, because the Sparrow can’t get us there quickly enough, plus this one’s already set up for medical evacuation. That cuts our preparation time to almost zero.”
Adie was in a daze. “I’m going to the moon,” she said, glassy-eyed.
Katie smiled. “Sure beats watching a movie, huh?”
The statement shocked Adie back to reality and caused a frown to form. “I can’t go.”
“Why not?” Katie asked, puzzled.
Ari took her hand. “Listen, I promise...it’s perfectly safe.”
“No, it’s not that,” she replied. “I invited Hannah to join us this evening for a game. She seems so fragile. If I back out now, it will break her trust.”
“Are we talking about Hannah Knightly?” Ari asked, surprised. “Let me get this straight: You got little Hannah Knightly to commit to a social gathering?”
“Yes. Why? And she’s not so little. She’s taller than I am.”
“Why?” Ari repeated. “Because, in a few minutes of conversation you managed to do something Walt’s been trying to do since her parents passed.” Ari stared down at the deck in thought, then glanced at Merrick. “What kind of time are we looking at here?”
“Forty-five minutes—tops.”
Ari turned to Adie. “Why don’t you come with me?” He put his arm around her shoulder and led her away from the landing craft. When they were several paces out, he placed a call to Walt.
“Hey,” Walt said.
Ari could see from the image that Walt was moving down a corridor. “Guess who got Hannah Knightly to commit to joining us for a movie tonight?” He pulled Adie close and adjusted his com-link sensor so Walt could see Adie.
“Nicely done, young lady,” Walt said with a confused smile, “but I thought you two were off to the moon.”
“And therein lies our little dilemma,” Ari said, explaining Adie’s concerns.
“Well, she has a point.”
Ari outlined the circumstances surrounding their mission. “To tell you the truth, we could use another female and—”
“You want to take Hannah.”
“Would you mind clearing this with your boss and Brian Graves up in ops?”
“I’d be honored.”
Ari hesitated. “So what’s your level of confidence on this?”
“Under the circumstances, high,” Walt responded. “Consider it done.”
“Thanks, my friend.”
“Have a good trip—and don’t forget my piece of green cheese.”
Adie tightened her grip around Ari’s waist and pressed her head against his shoulder. “Thank you. I just wouldn’t have felt right.”
“Yes, but I’m afraid we’re only halfway there,” Ari cautioned. “Now I have to convince Hannah.”
He beckoned Merrick and Katie to join them.
“Merrick, my friend, it looks like Hannah will be joining us. So Katie, if you would check Hannah’s last body scan and get her measurements to Merrick, he can order her excursion suit. I’m calling her now.”
“Not a problem,” Merrick said, leading Katie away by the hand. “But we’ll have to postpone the crew brief until after departure.”
Ari agreed and made the call.
Hannah stood in the ship’s archives before a long transparent display, using intricate hand gestures to edit imagery. Trying to ignore her com-link, she said, “I’m in the middle of something. Can I call—“ In the time it took to recognize Ari’s senior council tunic, her expression went from apathetic to unnerved.
“Hannah, you probably don’t know me very well, but I’m—“
“Dr. Stratford...you’re Dr. Stratford,” she said, noticeably anxious. “Are you angry? What did I do? Did I mess up?”
“Slow down, sweetie, everything’s fine... I understand Adie invited you up to her place this evening.”
“It’s okay,” she said, trying to escape the high-level attention. “I don’t have to come.”
“Hannah, I’m going to ask you to hold your thoughts for a moment until I get this out. Then I’ll need a simple yes or no. We’re under a little time pressure here.”
“Okay...,” Hannah answered, confused.
“We have a young woman on the lunar expedition who is going to have a baby, probably within the next twelve hours. I’m assembling an emergency response team, and we’ll be leaving in about an hour. Nurse Warren and Adie will be doing the delivery. They could use a little help, and Adie suggested you. Are you interested?”
By this time, Hannah’s eyes were wide open. “But I’m only fifteen,” she blurted. “I’m still restricted to the ship. They won’t—“
“Hannah, we don’t have time to discuss your age...yes or no.”
“Yes! Yes! Yes!” she shouted, ecstatically. “Is it Iko?”
“Do you know her?”
“Sometimes I help her in the archives!”
“Perfect. Welcome to the team. We’re clearing everything with ops and the senior counselor. You’ll be under my care...and I’m very happy to have you.”
“Thank you! Thank you! What should I do?”
“I want you down here in the launch bay within the next ten minutes. Can you manage that?”
“But I’m not allowed in the—.”
“It’s okay, sweetie, you come on down. Adie will meet you at the lift and escort you to the landing craft.” From his wrist display, Ari could see Hannah had departed her work center, and he glanced at Adie. “You better get over to the lift. She’s moving pretty fast.”
Adie stared at Ari in amazement.
“What?” Ari said, baffled by her expression.
“My word! You’re like a one-man army when you get wound up.” She stretched up and kissed his cheek.
“Just stay on the green walkway,” Ari cautioned. “You’ll be fine.”
———————
Adie and Hannah were both beaming when the lift door opened. “I’m so glad you’re coming,” Adie said, taking Hannah by the hand.
“This seems like a dream,” Hannah said, gawking at the rows of landing craft. “Can this be happening?”
Adie laughed. “Around here, I believe anything can happen.”
“So why would you go through all this trouble for me, a nobody?” Hannah asked.
“Well, first of all, you’re not a nobody—not to me and not to others I’ve talked to. Second, I made a commitment to be with you tonight, and I take my commitments seriously.”
“But what if this didn’t work out?”
“Then I would have been waiting for you at my quarters, just as we agreed.”
“You mean you would give up an off-ship mission to be with me?”
“Without a second thought.”
Hannah turned away to hide her smile.
When they arrived at the Falcon, Ari and Katie offered Hannah a warm welcome.
“We’re still waiting on the ground crew to finish up,” Ari said. “Merrick’s on his way back with Hannah’s suit, and our operations specialist should be here any time.”
Confused, Hannah glanced at Adie. “What suit?” 
Merrick walked up from behind unexpectedly, suit in hand. “Try walking on the moon without one,” he said, heading for the ramp. 
Hannah looked at Adie, astonished.
“In all likelihood we’ll be moving between landing craft,” Ari clarified.
“Then where’s my suit?” Adie asked, grinning.
“Already onboard,” Ari replied.
“So how many people are on the moon, anyway?” Adie asked.
Ari deflected the question to Merrick, who had just rejoined them.
“I believe there are twelve on that crew,” Merrick said.
“But, where do they stay?”
“On the landing craft. It’s a Condor, though,” he said, pointing across the launch bay, “one of those. The cabin’s about two thousand square feet. Gets a little cramped with all the research gear, but it’s livable.
“Say, Doc, did you recognize those two fellows in there?” Merrick said, tilting his head toward the Falcon. “They’re the same two men who got us off on time for Adie’s rescue.”
Adie looked at Ari and peered into the cabin.
———————
The two engineers were locked in discussion, trying to resolve one final issue before turning the craft over to the crew. Reggie, the taller of the two, sat back against the pilot’s console scratching his head. “Maybe it’s picking up a false flag from the reculmination chamber,” he suggested.
Lionel nodded. “Yeah, that might account for it, but wouldn’t that also fire off the talkback annunciator in the overhead?”
Reggie reached up and popped open a small panel revealing a single blinking light. “And there you are, you little beauty,” he said, detecting movement at the rear of the cabin.
Ari approached, accompanied by Adie and Hannah. “Gentlemen, you’re going to have to help me with names. I’m sorry, you must be under Dr. Carruth’s care.”
After the introductions, Adie spoke first. “What you gentlemen did the other day for the rescue, it helped save my life,” she said, stepping forward to hug Lionel.
Unaccustomed to affection, Lionel took a half step back, then reconsidered. “Oh...well...okay,” he said, awkwardly patting her on the back.
Reggie saw what was coming and, face flushed, nervously awaited his fate. Adie’s embrace was warm and caring, a foreign concept to the consummate engineer.
“Thank you,” Adie said. “Thank you, both...God bless you.”
Eager to change the subject, Reggie turned to Ari and said, “We just cleared our last item. Looks like you’re good to go.”
“Thanks,” Ari said. “On your way out, would you mind sending Merrick in?”
They complied and headed out across the launch bay.
Moments later, Merrick and Katie entered the cabin accompanied by Candy Rayborn.
“Why don’t you take the women and get into the undergarments?” Merrick said to Katie. “Doc and I will change when you’re done.”
———————
The excursion suit undergarments were full-bodied, made from thick gray synthetic material with thermic ribbing to help regulate skin temperature.
———————
Katie located the undergarments and set up an expanded barrier near the port side gurney, while Merrick began his preflight.
———————
The Falcon-Class transport was more plain in appearance than the Sparrow—streamlined, yet still somewhat boxy, with two large thrusters on opposite sides of the fuselage. The cabin interior measured twenty-two feet wide and thirty-two feet deep with a rounded flight deck. As with the Sparrow, access was through a centered rear entrance.
In the medevac configuration the three primary crew positions were spaced along a single combined console which stretched in a semicircle around the front of the cabin: ops to the left, pilot—center, and medical on the right. Seating for the three additional crewmembers was at the center of the cabin, a comfortable distance behind the primary crew.
Aft of the ops position on the port side was a large storage cabinet followed by the port side gurney, including a med display and overhead panel. Farther aft, in the corner and adjacent the airlock, was a food preparation and storage area. On the starboard side of the cabin and just aft of the med console were the cyclic, disintegration chamber, and refrigeration unit, then the starboard side gurney and finally the comfort station, against the back wall.
———————
“Everything fit okay?” Merrick asked, referring to the undergarments.
Katie smiled with a nod as she removed the baby enclosure from the cart and secured it to the port side gurney. 
“While we’re changing, you folks may want to secure your hair,” Merrick suggested. “We sure don’t want it getting tangled in the head-gear.”
“Good point,” Katie said. “Candy, why don’t you and I help each other, and Adie, you and Hannah.” She ordered the combs from the cyclic.
Adie smiled at Hannah and gestured for her to take a seat.
“My hair is trouble,” Hannah warned.
“It’s okay, I’ve been dealing with long hair all my life,” Adie said in a reassuring voice. “I’ll have it sorted out in no time.”
“I know something that might make it easier,” Katie said. She ordered a tube of hair conditioner from the cyclic and tossed it to Hannah. “Here...go wet your hair and rub that in.”
———————
The comb had finally begun to move smoothly through Hannah’s hair when the men exited the barrier.
Adie tapped Hannah on the shoulder. “Why don’t we go back and rinse this out?”
“You’ll have to deal with that later,” Merrick said, walking past. “Time to get underway.”
Katie retrieved a large absorbent cloth from the aft storage compartment and passed it to Adie. “Here, wrap her hair in this for now.”
Candy took her place at the ops console and established a link with Boris Hargrove, her counterpart in the ops center. Meanwhile, Katie settled in at the med station, and the others took their seats just aft, with Ari seated left, Adie center, and Hannah right.
Merrick prepared the craft for departure. As his fingers worked the console, annunciator lights blinked on throughout the cabin. Then the ramp rose quietly from the deck...folded, closed, and sealed. Engine start was almost imperceptible, beginning with a low hum and quickly increasing to a frequency beyond human hearing. For Adie and Hannah’s benefit, he routed communications into the cabin.
“Launch Control, my checklist is complete,” Merrick said. “All systems are up and nominal. We’re ready to move.”
The response was immediate. “And Medevac, you are clear to the airlock.”
Clenching tightly to the armrests, Hannah caught Adie’s eye and smiled.
Adie reached out and patted Hannah’s hand. “The moon....”
“What was that?” Ari asked.
“It’s just hard for us to believe we’re actually going to the moon.”
“Well, you better get used to it. In a few hours, you’ll be walking on it.”
“Boris, I’m looking at the crew manifest,” Candy said. “How should I log Miss Knightly?”
“Standby,” Boris answered, checking. “Same as Miss Behr—auxiliary crewmember.”

Chapter 13
The Falcon entered the airlock and settled onto the deck. “Medevac, we show you in position,” the controller announced. “Airlock coming closed.” As soon as the barrier behind the craft had sealed, vents in the ceiling eased open to balance the chamber pressure with the vacuum of space.
By this time Hannah’s nerves had finally gotten the best of her. “Shouldn’t someone say a prayer or something?”
Ari leaned forward to catch her eye. “I think that’s a wonderful idea,” he calmly affirmed. “Would you like to pray for us?”
With a slight shake of her head, Hannah closed her eyes and leaned back against her headrest.
“What if I pray?” Adie said.
Ari let go of his armrest and took hold of her hand.
Overhearing, Merrick muted launch communications and Adie began. “...Oh Father, very soon we will witness one of Your great miracles, the beginning of a new life. We praise You for this and for all of Your creation. Thank You for this opportunity to use some of the gifts You have given us to help bring this new life into our world. We also appreciate this time You have given us to enjoy each other’s company and are especially happy that my new friend Hannah could be with us.
“Dear Father, we have a long journey ahead, though I expect the distance will be covered very quickly. Some of us are fearful. I know I am. Give us Your peace now as we go. Our lives are in Your hands, and we trust You will see us safely through.
“Finally, I ask Your blessing on—” Adie paused and whispered to Ari, “The mother; I don’t know her name.”
“Iko,” Ari whispered.
“Iko,” Adie continued. “Calm her spirit and ease any suffering. Our prayer is that everything goes smoothly, without complications, and that the baby will be strong and healthy. Bless us now on our journey, for I ask all these things in the name of Your Son, our Lord Jesus.”
During the prayer, the outer airlock door retracted and the platform supporting the Falcon extended, tilted downward, and locked.
“Medevac, you are in position for departure,” the controller said. “Separation is on your initiative. We’ll see you on your return. Make us proud....”
Adie glanced over at Hannah, who seemed less anxious. “Everything all right?”
Hannah smiled back. “Your prayer was nice.”
“Indeed it was,” Ari echoed.
Merrick executed the separation procedure, guiding the Falcon down and away from the ship. “Listen...before I fire the main thrusters, I thought we might go over a few things.” He glanced left. “Candy, we need a status update on crewman Maru.”
Touching a blank window on her display, Candy established a direct link with the lunar expedition.
“While she’s doing that...and this is for Miss Adie and Miss Hannah...in order for us to get to the moon in a reasonable time, we will be experiencing one g acceleration. Adie, that’s about three times what you experienced during your rescue, so don’t even think about leaving your seat, unless you want to be pinned to the back wall.”
Candy broke contact with the lunar team and spoke up. “Crewman Maru’s contractions are as initially reported, with a very slight increase in dilation.”
Merrick glanced back at Ari. “How much time does that give us, Doc?”
“Six to ten hours to be on the safe side,” Ari said, “but probably more.”
Merrick acknowledged. “In that case, here’s the plan: one g acceleration for the first hour, then two hours of coasting followed by an hour of braking and a fifteen-minute descent to the surface. Of course I can adjust that in transit if needed... Sound reasonable?”
“Absolutely,” Ari said, “but Candy, we’ll need thirty-minute updates on Iko, and let’s notify her husband that we’re underway.”
“We’re coming up on the launch point,” Merrick said. “If anyone needs to use the comfort station, now would be the time.” He turned his seat and glanced back. “Anyone?”
Candy and Katie turned and locked their seats facing front.
“Okay then. Let’s go to the moon,” Merrick said. He laid in the intercept course and engaged the throttle.
Ari rolled his head right to check on Adie. Feeling their clasped hands sliding rearward, he tightened his grip and reached for the lead end of her armrest.
Moments later, the acceleration rate settled in at one g, and the crew adjusted to the new normal.
“I think I can see why you wouldn’t want to get up,” Adie observed.
Ari gave a subtle nod.
With the lull in conversation, Merrick took the opportunity to emphasize safety, clarifying his role as pilot and Ari’s responsibilities as mission commander. He closed by asking Ari how things might play out on the moon.
“Well, I would imagine by the time we get there, Iko's contractions will be fairly pronounced. Of course I’d prefer to do the delivery here on the Falcon, but there’s a good chance she’ll be too far along. If so, we’ll deliver on the Condor and move mother and daughter to the Falcon as soon as possible after the birth.”
“The body scans...,” Adie said. “Is that how you know it’s a girl?”
“Exactly,” Ari replied, impressed with her deduction.
“And do all the mothers want to know such things in advance?” Adie asked.
Ari nodded. “Usually, yes, but occasionally someone will want to be surprised.”
Hannah found herself staring at Adie’s armrest, and asked, “Why is Dr. Stratford holding your hand?”
Merrick’s expression was more of a cringe than a smile. “This ought to be interesting,” he mumbled to Katie.
Ari gave Adie’s hand a gentle squeeze and their eyes met. “I’ll answer that if you don’t mind,” he said.
“Oh, please do,” Adie said, anxious to hear.
Eyes still on Adie, Ari responded. “Hannah, I’m holding Miss Adie’s hand because I love her. I love everything about her. I love her.”
Hannah blushed and went silent.
Adie leaned toward Ari and whispered, “I think she’s embarrassed.”
After some thought, Ari attempted to remedy the situation with a brief explanation of his case study, the rescue, and subsequent events. “I’m sorry if my answer was a little direct. Feel free to ask anything you wish.”
Merrick and Katie's ongoing conversation filled the void until Hannah finally broke her silence. “Miss Adie...how old are you, then?”
“I’ll be twenty in August.”
Hannah appeared puzzled. “Is that all right? I mean, you look the same age, but isn’t Dr. Stratford a lot older.”
Katie broke away from her conversation and offered to field the question. After a moment in thought she said, “You’re right, Hannah. Physically they look to be the same age. So maybe we should be talking about maturity...and how do we measure that—life experience, education, social development?
“Why don’t we consider Dr. Stratford? He had a normal upbringing—loving family—went to college, med school, and then spent fifteen years practicing his profession in the confines of the ship.
“Now, how about Miss Adie? She also grew up in a loving family, but her education was cut short by world events. Nevertheless, she continued to mature—having to work through more challenges and hardships than you and I can possibly imagine.
“So when it comes to life experience and maturity, I think you can see how the lines might become a little blurred.”
“I suppose so,” Hannah said, fascinated.
“Besides,” Katie continued, “even in our culture, once a young woman reaches eighteen or so, age differences tend to lose their significance.”
As Katie's words sank in, Hannah’s expression began to brighten.
“I know why you’re smiling...,” Adie kidded.
The comment got Katie's attention. “Why? She’s really too young for anyone except maybe—“
“Okay! Okay!” Hannah protested, embarrassed and eager for a new subject.
Katie backed down. “Sorry, sweetie...mum’s the word.”
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief and Katie moved on. “Of course you all know we’re only two nights from the Ball.”
Adie perked up. “What Ball?”
“Ah, nuts!” Ari said, clearly caught off guard. “With all that’s been going on, it completely slipped my mind.”
“What Ball?” Adie repeated.
“Our annual unity celebration,” Ari explained, “the day all our nations became one. Will you go with me?”
“How exciting,” Adie said with a broad smile. “And what makes you feel you need to ask?”
Candy finished her dialogue with the lunar expedition and broke in with an update on crewman Maru.
“Candy, you’ll be there, won’t you?” Katie asked concerning the Ball.
“Wouldn’t miss it. I’m on the decorating committee. So is Brooke, your colleague.”
Adie turned to Hannah, who was hoping to avoid the discussion. “Tell me you’re coming.”
With a quick shake of her head, Hannah looked away.
Adie was undeterred. “Listen, there’s nothing to worry about. Katie and I will help you get ready. You can sit with us. We won’t let anyone bother you. I promise. We’ll have the time of our lives. Now, what do you say?”
Hannah slowly returned to facing forward, then shot a glance at Adie from the corner of her eye. “Can I think about it?”
———————
Twenty minutes later, they entered the coasting phase. With Katie's help, Adie resumed work on Hannah’s hair, and in a short time all was in place—rinsed, dried, braided, and pinned. Adie’s hair was last.
“Here, let me try,” Ari said.
The romantic offer drew Adie’s attention and surprised everyone.
Katie passed Ari the hairbrush and offered Adie a stool near the port side gurney.
Stepping behind her, Ari tenderly ran his fingers through her hair, feeling for tangles. Finding none, he tried the brush, amazed at the lack of resistance and silky texture.
“I think you’ve done this before,” Adie said.
“Sisters,” Ari replied.
By now, the others’ attention had shifted to conversation. Only Hannah continued to watch. Ari noticed her smile and leaned forward to look at Adie. “And what are we smiling about?”
“The moment,” Adie said, still smiling, “just the moment.”
“Uh-huh, well, I think the moment’s over. You’re all set. Hannah, why don’t you come and show me how to braid this? You do the first one, then we’ll see what I can do.”
———————
Ari finished and looked at Hannah. “Well, what do you think? Passable?”
“Nice.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment, then.” He tapped Adie on the shoulder. “Okay, Adie-bear, why don’t you hop up on the gurney? It’s time for your check-up and a plasmid injection.”
“Now?”
Ari nodded. “We need to apply the treatment while it’s still effective.” Ari turned to the others. “You’ll have to excuse us for a minute.” He formed the barrier.
After some thought, Adie asked if Hannah could join them.
———————
Ari sent several commands through the input panel and drew the girls’ attention to the pair of body scans on the med display. “The upper scan is the one we did the other day on the ship. As you can see, the infected areas that show in red on the upper scan no longer exist on the new one below. Looks like our little microbot friends have finished their work.”
Adie stared back and forth at the two images, stunned at the results. “When you told me this would work, I really wanted to believe...but now I see, and—“ She lost her voice and reached up, slipping her arms around his back and holding him close.
Hannah briefly turned away, but finding the moment irresistible, glanced back in time to see a tear run down Adie’s cheek.
“I love you,” he said, brushing the tear away.
The intimate scene brought Hannah welcome comfort.
“You can hop down if you like.”
Adie slipped off the gurney, and Ari removed the auto-injector from his hip. “Hannah, why don’t you go around behind Miss Adie and separate the closure on her undergarment down to about her waist? Then, Miss Adie, if you will bare your right shoulder.”
———————
Ari asked Candy to put a call through to the lunar team chief, then took a seat at her console as Adie looked on. A somewhat exhausted Wade Helmsley appeared on the display. “Wow, you look a little worn out,” Ari said. “You okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re all beginning to feel like expectant fathers down here...we’ll just be glad to get this behind us.”
“How’s she doing?”
“Been better...only one other female on board. Let’s put it this way. She has her hands full.”
“Any chance I can speak with Iko?”
“We’ll put you through. But be warned, she’s a little out of sorts.”
———————
Nearly ten minutes had passed since Iko’s last contraction, and pain was once again beginning to show.
Ari’s tone was upbeat. “So I guess we miscalculated a little on the due date.”
Iko nodded her head repeatedly.
“They tell me you’re doing fine. Just keep up the good work...we’ll be there in about two hours... Katie Warren will be doing the delivery, and we have two other young women to assist—Hannah Knightly, who it seems you know, and this young lady.” Ari put his arm around Adie and gently pulled her in front of the sensor.
Iko's obvious excitement was trumped by a strong contraction. A minute later, as the pain began to subside, she panted and struggled to find her voice. “You brought her—I was hoping you would.” Then speaking to Adie, she said, “You’re not exactly...uhhhh...seeing me at my best.”
“That’s all right,” Adie said.
Ari motioned to Hannah who approached and leaned in.
Iko tried hard to smile. “I’m so glad...you came,” she told Hannah.
“As you can see,” Ari said, “you will be in good hands, so unless there are complications, I’ll be staying completely out of the way.”
Iko grimaced. “I understand...sorry for the inconvenience.”
Ari continued the dialogue until her next contraction and then tied things up with Wade Helmsley before signing off.
“Why did she apologize?” Adie asked.
Ari rose from the seat. “Because she took a special wedding vow. Except for family, no other man can touch her... It’s actually quite common in her culture.”
“But wouldn’t that make life a little difficult? How would people know?”
“Well, the Koluran vow requires a nose piercing—a small diamond stud on the right side.”
“Ouch! That sounds painful.”
“No different than a pierced ear, really.” Ari checked the time. “Hey everyone, we have about an hour until we need to get into excursion suits. Want to play a game?”
Adie looked up at Ari, sure that she had misunderstood.
Merrick perked up. “Sure, how about a round of blitz Monopoly—one hour, most money wins.”
Adie seemed perplexed. “Wait! We’re going to the moon...and you want to play a game—seriously?”
Merrick smiled. “In the words of a young lady who will go unnamed, ‘Oh, yes!’”
Adie gave him a friendly smack on the arm.
“Violence! Did you see that, Doc?”
Ari stepped forward with a sympathetic look. “Here, roll up your sleeve. Let’s have a look at that,” he said, faking indignation.
“Oh, honestly...there ought to be a law against you two being in the same room,” Adie said, drawing laughs.
“Listen, I’ll tell you what,” Ari said to Adie, “how about a nice cup of cocoa to sweeten your disposition?”
Adie returned the smile.
“Anyone else?”
The response was unanimous.
“Okay then, who wants to volunteer?”
Hannah raised her hand. “Where is it?”
“Back in the corner cabinet,” said Katie.
“I’ll get the table going,” Merrick said. “Better stand back a bit.” He stretched around the pilot’s seat and fed commands into the console. A large floor panel opened just ahead of Adie’s seat. The display table rose on its pedestal and locked as the floor panel closed around its base. Then five other pedestals rose around the table, and the two men went about moving the crew seats to their new locations. Merrick directed the vessel interface to set up the game, and the display lit up.
Adie examined the brightly colored game board. “My word! These things you have...they are so incredible.”
Ari nodded. “Yes, I suppose for someone who’s never seen them. Really though, when you think about it, they are quite incredible...and created by some very talented people.”
“We all have our gifts,” Merrick said.
Ari turned to Adie. “I know you’ve played this before, so what playing piece would you like? No, wait! I know.” He addressed the interface. “We need a pair of dice and six playing pieces: a race car, a cat, a thimble, a battleship, a dog, and a bear. Make them all in gold, except the bear. Make that out of onyx, with diamonds for the eyes.” He glanced at Adie. “Unless you would prefer gold.”
“No, that’s fine,” she said, stepping over to the cyclic. “Goodness. These gold ones are heavy for being so small. What are they made of?”
The question drew everyone’s attention, and Ari smiled.
Adie looked down at the pieces, astonished. “You’re kidding! And the bear? The eyes—”
Again Ari smiled.
“How exquisite,” she said, and the game was soon underway. “These playing pieces—” she continued, “the gold and diamonds...on Earth these things are precious. Yet to you they seem no more than copper or...glass. Isn’t there anything in your world that carries value?”
Ari pondered. “By value, I assume you mean monetary value, and if so, then I’m afraid not. Our world did away with financial systems long ago. When you can have anything you want whenever you want, the idea of outdoing your neighbor becomes pointless... No, our motivations center more on personal accomplishment...discovery...moving our civilization forward. We look upon physical things more for their function.” Ari picked up a playing piece. “Even so, we do appreciate beauty. This gold cat for instance—its form, its color and soft luster...these things are attractive to me. Plus, it has value for what it represents—it reminds me of Caesar, our cat.”
Adie rolled the dice. “It’s just hard to imagine a world without money.”
“Now people,” Ari continued, “people have great value—each one unique in form and function, molded by genetics, knowledge, life experience—truly magnificent creatures, made in the likeness of God. If you want to talk about value—now there’s something that carries value! ‘Vermont’—you want to buy it?”
Adie paid the money. “Then why do you people like to play Monopoly?”
“Say, Doc, did you catch that?” Merrick said. “She called us people.”
Ari smiled. “I heard that.”
“Well, at least we’re not aliens,” Merrick said with a wink.
“And who are you trying to kid?” Adie quibbled, drawing laughs all around.
Merrick frowned. “Let’s see...why Monopoly? Hmmm...I suppose I like to play because it gives me a sense of family.”
Katie nodded. “It reminds me of my friends back home. We may not have played Monopoly, but it feels the same.”
Adie picked up and examined the bear. “So, if you can make copies of everything, how do you make bigger things? The machine in my apartment would be too small.”
Ari glanced up. “Didn’t Merrick show you the central cyclic when you were down on the lower decks?”
“No time,” Merrick said. “We had to get back for the service.”
“Well, cyclic’s come in many sizes. The one on Deck 9 is a monster,” Ari said, seeing Adie’s wheels turning.
“Could it make a piano?”
Ari thought for a moment. “I don’t think it would do a very good job. As I understand, musical instruments, particularly pianos, get their tone from the construction materials, like wood for example. The cyclic isn’t able to reproduce living things, so most parts would have to be made of synthetic material. Oh, it might look like a piano, but it certainly wouldn’t behave like one.”
“I see,” Adie said, glancing around the cabin. She lost focus and appeared deep in thought.
“What’s on your mind?” Ari asked.
She perked up. “Nothing...nothing... So if the machine can’t make living things, where did the cocoa come from?”
“That’s a good point,” Ari said. “Actually, we grow it on the agriculture deck, along with coffee and a whole lot of other foods.”
“But doesn’t cocoa need a special climate, and doesn’t coffee grow in the mountains?”
“Absolutely, and so we set up barriers around the various food types and then adjust the climate and altitude. With artificial sunlight going around the clock and perfect moisture in the soil, things tend to grow fairly quickly.”
The dialogue and good-natured banter seemed to energize the game and lifted Adie’s spirits. Some time later Hannah emerged as the clear winner.
“I knew it was over when you took Park Place,” Candy said.
Ari picked up the dice in one hand and scooped up the playing pieces in the other. He reached out to place the pieces in Adie’s hands. “Here...the dice can go back into the cyclic. The others are for you, if you like.”
Adie took a quick breath. “Really?” she said, holding them to her chest. “I’ll put them out on my dresser.”
Merrick stowed the table and additional seating to allow the crew to move freely, then called everyone aft to suit-up. He checked the small wrist display on each suit for the wearer’s name. “Listen, things will go a lot more smoothly if we give each other a hand. Take your time. Let’s make sure we get it right. The moon can be an awfully unforgiving place.” He started handing out suits. “You don’t need to worry about the helmets just yet. We won’t be putting them on until we touch down.”
During the twenty minutes that followed, Merrick moved from person to person pointing out the suit features and functions. Then, with everything in order, he prompted Candy for a final check on Iko before inviting Adie and Hannah to the cockpit for a look at the moon.
———————
“It seems so bright,” Adie observed, “and whiter than I thought.”
Merrick gave a nod. “Makes a difference when you’re not looking through Earth’s atmosphere, doesn’t it?”
Candy broke in to say that Iko was doing fine and progressing much as Ari had expected.
Merrick acknowledged and checked the time. “Seats everyone,” he announced.
When the crew was secure, he entered the parameters for deceleration and initiated auto-braking.

Chapter 14
The Falcon entered lunar orbit and after a partial revolution, began its descent. Fifteen minutes later, the craft was resting on the lunar surface, just a short walk from the Condor.
The crew donned their helmets, and Merrick gave everyone a quick overview of the airlock’s internal and external barriers, adding a few pointers on how to get around in low gravity. “Katie, why don’t you go out first with the gurney and head on over to the Condor. We’ll follow.”
He energized the internal barrier and monitored Katie's exit on his wrist display. When she was clear of the Falcon, he reset the airlock and motioned the others to join him inside, then re-energized the internal barrier.
As air began to leave the chamber, Ari turned to face Adie and gently pressing his face shield against hers. “I love you,” he whispered.
Adie smiled, looked around at the others and back at Ari. “Didn’t everyone hear that?” she whispered.
“Uh-huh’s” began to reverberate in her helmet, and Hannah giggled.
“Even I heard that,” Katie said, now halfway to the Condor.
Adie put her arm around Ari and pulled him close.
After giving everyone a final check, Merrick dismissed the external barrier, exposing them to the void beyond. “Wait—wait, everyone! This is a momentous occasion! Adie’s about to become the first human from Earth to walk on the Moon.”
Katie stopped halfway up the Condor’s ramp to watch.
Ari did the honors, escorting Adie to the end of the ramp, then released her arm.
“I feel so strong,” Adie said, “like I could jump over a building.”
Ari chuckled. “Okay, Superwoman—but why don’t we start with baby steps until you have a feel for it...and don’t get to moving too fast. It takes a little more than you would think to slow down.”
Seeing Katie's shallow footprints, Adie confidently moved forward and stepped out onto the powdery surface. “So unbelievable,” she said, slowly rotating around.
The others followed.
Hannah took a few steps and started to hop along the surface, giggling as she went.
“I can see someone’s been using the gravity room,” Candy said.
“That looks fun,” said Adie, and before Ari could respond with another word of caution, she was off. “This...is...a...ma...zing.”
“Easy now!” Merrick called after her.
Ari got Hannah’s attention. “See if you can—“
“Yep.”
Adie noticed the concern in their voices and began to ease off. By the time Hannah caught up, she had nearly come to a stop.
“Miss Adie, I think you need a little more practice before you start doing that,” Hannah advised.
“Adie, Hannah’s right,” Katie added.
———————
The Condor’s airlock was cavernous, easily holding the Falcon’s crew and the gurney. Once the pressure equalized, the crew removed and stowed their suits. Then Merrick dismissed the internal barrier, revealing a dozen eager faces. Wade Helmsley stepped forward to offer greetings, followed by the others. Their attention quickly converged on Adie and soon became overwhelming.
Wade broke in. “You’ll have to forgive us, Miss Behr. It’s not very often we’re treated to a fellow being from another world.”
Adie grinned. “It’s not so unusual...happens to me every day.”
The crew burst out laughing.
“And she has a sense of humor,” Wade added, “how refreshing.”
Adie took a moment to look around, marveling at the elaborate instrumentation.
Consoles lined the walls, interspersed with entryways to additional work and sleeping spaces. All of the barriers were open except one—the rather compact med station.
“We probably ought to check in on our patient,” Ari said, eyeing the closed barrier.
“Feel free,” Wade said.
Merrick noticed a familiar face on the flight deck and moved forward to make the acquaintance.
As the foursome crossed the cabin, the Condor’s crew returned to work, and the room fell relatively silent...until Ari dismissed the barrier to the med bay.
Iko was already involved in a strong contraction—face flushed and voice elevated. Her somewhat rattled female attendant stood to welcome the visitors. Then, after giving a brief update on Iko's condition, she excused herself and departed.
Ari looked back at Katie. “She’s in active labor. We’ll deliver here.”
Nodding, Katie returned to the airlock for the baby enclosure.
Ari waited for the contraction to pass. “I just wanted to say hello before I turn you over to your medical team.” He motioned for the others to come in.
Katie entered with the baby enclosure, followed closely by Adie and Hannah.
Having caught her breath, Iko gave them a welcoming nod and reached out for Hannah. “I’m so glad you came.”
“And this,” Ari added, “is Miss Adie Behr.”
Iko took Adie’s hand and drew a labored breath. “Since I first heard of your rescue, I’ve been wanting to talk with you...and now that I can,” she said with a grimace, “well—”
“It’s okay,” Adie said. “I’m sure we’ll have time.”
“Well, thank you all for coming,” Iko said. “I couldn’t have asked for better.“
Feeling a little out of place, Ari offered some final encouragement, wished them well, and stepped out.
Katie took a moment to attach the baby enclosure to the back wall and then assigned duties to her assistants: Hannah as Iko’s coach and Adie to help with the delivery.
For a while Iko’s labor continued unchanged, however as time wore on and the contractions grew more intense, Hannah’s nerves began to fray. “She’s hurting, can’t you do something for the pain?”
Katie shook her head. “She’s Koluran, sweetie—natural birth is the only way—no anesthetics. Right now, what she needs is a little encouragement.”
Labor continued unabated for another three hours. When Iko finally delivered, she was completely spent. Her three attendants, though emotionally drained, were quickly revived by the new arrival.
Katie passed the infant to Adie, then clamped and severed the umbilical cord. Startled by the cool air and jostling, the baby took her first shallow breaths and began to cry.
“Oh, my! Did we make you cross?” Adie said, lightly bouncing the baby in her arms. “You’re such a big girl...oh, yes you are...and look at all that hair.”
Katie made a request for warm towels through the Condor’s interface and got Hannah’s attention. “Why don’t you clean her up a little, while Adie and I finish with her mom.”
“Here you go,” Adie said, offering the baby to Hannah. “I’ll get the towels.” 
Hannah’s eyes widened. “But I’ve never held a—oh, she’s so warm,” she said, turning to give Iko a peek at her daughter.
“There’s a cocoon in the baby enclosure,” Katie told Hannah. “When you’re done, you can bundle her in that.”
Soon, all was in order, and Hannah passed the little girl to her mother.
Meanwhile, the Condor’s interface had already alerted the crew outside, and a call went out to the ship.
Moments later, a window appeared on the med display beside Iko, and Katie expanded it to full screen. Iko's husband offered a warm greeting and briefly fell silent as he took in the scene.
Katie touched Iko’s arm. “Listen, I think we’ll go out and let you two talk.”
After receiving thanks from Iko’s husband, the trio stepped through the barrier into resonating applause.
In a loud voice, Wade Helmsley said, “Bartender, one round of hot chocolate for everyone...and why don’t we find these folks a little something to eat.” He glanced at his communications officer. “Let me know when Iko is offline.”

Chapter 15
The crew cleared through the Falcon’s airlock in stages: Katie first with Iko's gurney, then Merrick, Adie, and Hannah with the baby enclosure. The remainder of the crew followed, accompanied by Wade Helmsley, who wished to see them off.
Minutes later, with their suits stowed, Hannah passed the baby to Iko, and Katie set up an extended barrier around the gurney. “There...that should keep the noise-level down a bit,” Katie said, giving Hannah a wink.
Merrick and Candy moved forward to prepare for departure, leaving Wade with Ari and Adie near the starboard gurney.
“Been one long day,” Wade said, appearing concerned.
Ari noticed Wade’s frown and glanced at Iko’s barrier. “So can you folks manage without her?”
Wade hesitated. “I’d like to say we’re going to make it, but for the life of me, I don’t see how.”
“Can’t someone fill in for her?” Ari asked.
“Oh, we have someone with her skills. Trouble is, he’s also a geologist. If I reassign him, it’s a wash—we still blow the mission.”
Recalling a previous conversation, Adie said, “But doesn’t Iko keep history or something?”
Wade nodded. “An archivist, actually—she records and catalogs our findings.”
Adie’s puzzled look got Ari’s attention. “What are you thinking?” he said.
“Hannah—doesn’t she help out—“
Ari’s face brightened. “...in the archive? Yes, she does,” he said, putting the call through to Katie. “Dr. Helmsley and I would like to speak with Hannah if you can spare her for a moment.”
Worried by the summons, Hannah hesitantly passed through the barrier and approached. “Am I in trouble?”
“No, sweetheart,” Ari said, “there’s just something we need to ask. It appears Dr. Helmsley is in kind of a fix. With Iko leaving, he has no one to document the team’s findings.” Ari could see her excitement building.
“But I’m not even sixteen. You’re asking me to join an off-ship team? They’ll never let—“
“Can you do it, young lady?” Wade interrupted. “The hours will be long...just fair warning.”
“Yes, Dr. Helmsley, I can help you, but—“
Adie stepped forward and put her hand on Hannah’s shoulder. “Listen, I’ve only been with you people for a short time, but here’s one thing I’ve learned—Dr. Stratford can get things done.”
With a glowing smile, Hannah reached out and pulled Adie close. “Without you, none of this would be happening.”
Adie gently shook her head. “No, but you are mistaken. It was Dr. Stratford and Dr. Maran. All I did was ask.”
Hannah slowly backed away and turned to Ari. Appearing bashful and self-conscious, she surprised him with a warm embrace. “Thank you, Dr. Stratford...you’re really nice.”
“And that’s quite all right, sweetie,” Ari said, patting her back. “Now why don’t you go suit up, and we’ll see you in a couple of days.”
The comment jogged Adie’s memory. “Wait a minute—not so fast,” she said, looking at Ari and then Wade. “Isn’t that the day of the Ball? What time will you be back?”
“Not to worry,” Wade said, smiling. “We’ll be back with time to spare. No one wants to miss that.”
Adie breathed a sigh and locked her eyes on Hannah. “You’re coming—right?”
At this point Hannah was inclined to agree to almost anything and responded with a nod.
“All right then,” Adie said, “when you get back, Katie and I will be waiting for you in my apartment...or quarters, or whatever you call it. We need time to get you ready, so come straight up—no detours. Promise me?”
The sincerity in Adie’s voice drew a smile. “I promise.”
Ari contacted Katie, asking if he could bring Wade in to say goodbye to Iko.
Receiving her approval, they entered, and Wade took a moment to thank Iko for her work. Then, after a short conversation, he begged his leave and slipped out through the barrier.
Ari turned to follow, but Iko asked him to remain.
“Adie’s eye...doesn’t she want a replacement?” Iko asked, referring to an ocular prosthesis. I would have thought—“
Ari shook his head. “She’s made no commitment to remain with us, and as such, we would be ill-advised to offer. If she were to return to Earth with that kind of technology, Lord knows what might happen—not to mention the jeopardy it would place her in.”
Iko acknowledged. “Well, I hope she stays.”
“Me too,” Ari said. He gave Katie a nod and walked out through the barrier.
Hannah was back in her suit, keeping nervous energy in check as Wade Helmsley assisted with her helmet. Then she turned to bid Adie and the others farewell before joining Wade in the airlock.
When they were clear of the Falcon, Ari put a call through to the ship and quickly won approval for Hannah’s stay.
Marveling at his diplomacy, Adie said, “Honestly—do you always get what you want?”
The question drew a tentative smile.
Meanwhile, Katie exited the barrier, tablet in hand, and headed for the cyclic. Midway, she made a detour and approached Merrick. Pressing her cheek against his ear, she whispered, “I’ve missed you—terribly.” Her words were earnest and playful.
Initially startled, Merrick quickly warmed. “My dear,” he said in his best Humphrey Bogart voice, “you have a marvelous way of expressing yourself. Uh-huh, a guy could become attached to a dame like you.”
“One can always hope,” she replied, grinning. “Not to change the subject, but what’s our transit time back?”
“Eight hours—thought we should go easy on the little one,” Merrick said. “You may want to get things ready. We’ll be off in fifteen.”
With a quick nod, Katie walked aft and removed two seats from storage, attaching them to pedestals beside each of the gurneys. “Doc, that seat’s for you,” she said, removing a nightgown from the cyclic. “And Adie, this is for you. It’s been nearly 24 hours—sorry Doc, she needs sleep.”
“You have no argument from me,” Ari said, hands raised.
“Me either,” Adie conceded, “I’m exhausted.”
Katie held out the nightgown. “Then why don’t you change while I get you some bedding.”
—— Ten Minutes Later ——
“Comfortable?” Ari asked. “Would you like a bigger pillow?”
“I’m fine,” Adie replied.
Merrick shifted in his seat and looked back to see Ari still standing. “As they say on Earth, ‘It’s time to get this show on the road.’ Everyone ready?”
Ari leaned down and kissed Adie before settling into his seat.
Seeing everything in order, Merrick executed the departure protocol, and the Falcon began a smooth ascent from the lunar surface.
As the cabin lighting began to dim, Ari rolled his head toward Adie. “You know I love you.”
His words brought a smile, and she reached for his hand.
“Would you like to pray before you go to sleep?”
—— Eight Hours Later ——
Ari was deeply immersed in Brooke's DNA report when Adie awoke. Feeling her stir, he released her hand and stowed his tablet. “Good morning, princess,” he said. “I trust there were no bad witches.”
Adie rolled her head left and smiled. “What time is it?”
“About 1030,” Ari said. “We just came out of auto-braking. I expect that’s what woke you.”
Adie gave her hand a curious look. “I wonder why my hand is so hot?” she said, giving it a flex.
Candy, who was standing just across the cabin with Iko, overheard the conversation. “Now tell her the truth, Doc,” she teased, gently bouncing the baby.
One glance at Ari, and Adie understood. “My goodness...all night?”
“All night,” Candy confirmed.
“Not to interrupt,” Merrick said in an elevated voice, “but Adie, if you’d like to hop down and come up here, there’s something I’d like you to see.”
Adie propped herself up on one elbow and whispered to Ari. She then slipped off the gurney and moved aft to the relief station, taking the excursion suit undergarment with her.
“She needs a moment,” Ari said.
Merrick gave a nod and slowed the Falcon’s approach.
Minutes later Adie exited the relief station and returned to Ari. “Can you do me up in the back?” she asked. “I couldn’t reach.”
As Ari began to seal the closure, Adie noticed Iko sitting against the com console, speaking with Candy. “She’s up—and so soon.”
“Full body stimulation works wonders,” Ari said, sending her forward.
During the final portion of the coasting phase, Katie had moved the med console seat to a newly extended pedestal beside Merrick.
Glancing at Adie, Merrick said, “I just thought you would like to see the ship before we dock.”
“Is that it up ahead?” she asked, referring to a bright, crescent-shaped object in the distance.
“It is,” Merrick said. “We’ll look at the underside first, then turn and come back along the top side before we dock... Sound like fun?”
Adie was enchanted, trying to visualize.
The ship soon began to take on dimension, but it wasn’t until they passed under the main thrusters that Adie grasped a true sense of the scale. “Unbelievable,” she said, clinging tightly to Merrick’s seat. “It’s like a skyscraper in space! I had no idea a spaceship could be so huge!”
A quarter mile past the ship, Merrick fired maneuvering thrusters to invert the Falcon and reverse course.
Adie tightened her grip on Merrick’s seat and struggled to adjust to the new orientation. “This is so strange...it’s like we’re standing on the ceiling.”
Ari gave her hand a pat. “Give it a minute—you’ll adjust.”
Merrick touched an icon on his console. “From what I can see,” he said, “nearly all of the topside panels are set for internal lighting. Now, I just opened a com channel to the ship’s main interface. So Adie, why don’t you tell Leah to clear your ceiling panels, and then keep an eye on this area that’s coming up. When the panels clear, they should appear black.”
Adie voiced the command and noted the change. “Did all my panel’s open?” she asked.
“Sure did.”
“What a monster!” she said of the ship.
“It is that.”

Chapter 16
Iko’s husband met the Falcon in the launch bay. After expressing his gratitude to the crew, he accompanied his wife and daughter to the central lift.
“Her husband seems like a nice man,” Adie said.
Ari responded with a grin. “Pretty hard to get on the wrong side of a new father.” He looked around at the others. “So what’s the plan?”
“I’ll clean this up,” Merrick said, referring to the landing craft. “Why don’t you folks go get some rest?”
“Not a chance,” Ari protested. “You need sleep more than we do. How can we help?”
—— Ten Minutes Later ——
They entered the lift, and Merrick called out the first stop—Deck 9, the pilot and launch crew quarters.
Ari glanced at Adie. “And so, Adie-bear, what’s your pleasure?”
Adie gave Ari a concerned look. “You need sleep. I’ll just wait for you in your apartment. Anyway,” she said smiling, “don’t you need someone to tuck you in?”
Ari was enchanted. “That is one custom I think I could get used to,” he said, briefly resting his head on hers. 
Merrick caught Katie’s eye and smiled. “How about you?”
“Oh—break my heart,” she said playfully.
“Belay Deck 9...Deck 4,” Merrick said, putting his arm around Katie.
“Boy,” Candy complained, “I’m beginning to feel like the odd man out, here.”
Ari and Adie dropped the others at Deck 4 and continued on to the key personnel deck.
Then, after seeing Ari to bed, Adie settled in and occupied her time viewing excerpts from his personal archive.
Two and a half hours later, Ari dismissed the barrier to see Adie seated at the display. “Hey, want to help make the bed?”
Adie asked Zoey to shut down the display.
“There should be some new bedding in the cyclic,” Ari said, raising his voice from the bathroom. “Would you like to go for a swim?”
Adie fired back an enthusiastic “Yes,” then retrieved the sheets from the cyclic and returned to help with the bed.
Moments later, Ari emerged from the bathroom.
Startled by his lack of clothing, Adie drew an audible breath and averted her eyes.
“Relax, it’s just a swimsuit,” Ari said, amused. 
The form-fitting navy blue trunks extended mid-thigh with a pale blue waistband. Above, he wore a white, loose-fitting tunic, open at the front.
Adie found the sight an overwhelming distraction and struggled to focus on his eyes.
Ari’s expression brightened. “What is it?” he asked, knowing full well what it was.
Adie flushed, overcome with emotion. “You’re beautiful,” she confessed, almost speechless. “I’m sorry, I know that’s not a very manly thing to say, but—”
“Dear Adie, your words are lovely—you are lovely, and these past five days have been like a dream—one I hope will never end.”
In a daze, Adie moved forward and placed her hand on his chest.
He drew her in, resting his cheek on her head. “Merrick and Katie are waiting at the pool,” he said softly.
“Just a little longer,” she said.
———————
As they prepared to leave Ari’s quarters, Adie glanced down at her blouse and skirt. “Won’t you help me pick out a swimming suit before we go? I’ll feel out of place in these things.”
“Absolutely,” Ari said, diverting his course and pulling Adie toward the cyclic. A sensor on the bezel of the cyclic read his hand gesture, and a display extended from a panel on the edge of the counter. “I assume you would prefer a one-piece suit.”
“Yes—for now, thank you.”
Ari looked down at the display and began to give audible commands. “Female swimsuit, one piece, twenty options, maximum variety.”
“Oh my, some of these are lovely.”
“How about this one?” he kidded, pointing to a design that left the thighs and midsection completely exposed.
She cleared her throat.
“Maybe not,” he grinned.
“Oh, I do like this,” she said, pointing. The suit sported a pattern of rippled angular shapes.
“How about the colors?” he said.
“Can it match yours?”
“Of course...and would you like a tunic?”
“Oh, yes, in the light blue.”
“Excellent choice,” Ari said, sending the selections to the cyclic.
———————
He was waiting in the foyer when Adie dismissed the barrier and stepped into the living space. Catching his eye, she lifted her arms and slowly turned around. “Well, what do you think?”
He was without words.
“What’s wrong,” Adie said playfully, “Caesar got your tongue?”
“My, my,” was all he could get out.
———————
When they arrived at the pool, Merrick and Katie were waiting.
“Wow! Don’t you two look the image?” Katie said. “Ready for a rinse?”
Adie noticed the row of transparent cylinders alongside the pool. “Why do we do that?”
“It’s just a policy,” Merrick said. “Some people come straight from their workout to the pool, still sweaty.”
“Oh, I see,” Adie said, following the others.
Moments later she was out and standing beside Ari at the pool’s edge. “Can I just dive in?”
Without answering, Ari executed a perfect dive, barely disturbing the water, despite his stature. Adie gracefully followed, surfacing within inches of him. “The water is lovely,” she said. “It seems so easy to float.”
“Actually, it is easier. We altered the water to make it a little denser—like salt water down on Earth, just without the salt.”
“Well, whatever you did, I like it... Will you swim with me across the pool?”
———————
They spent an hour in the pool and another 20 minutes in the sauna before heading back to their quarters for a shower.
“Deck 4 for dinner...say, 1900?” Katie suggested.
“We’ll be there,” Ari said, taking Adie’s hand and stepping out of the lift.
Adie quickened her pace and slipped her arm around him. “You don’t have to come over and wait while I shower,” she said. “I’ll be fine. Besides, it will give us more time to do other things.”
Mildly surprised, Ari considered for a moment. “Are you sure? I just don’t want you to feel uneasy.”
“I’ll be fine...honest.”
“All right. I’ll stop by in about thirty minutes.”
When they reached his entryway, Ari kissed her cheek and sent her on.
The remainder of the afternoon they spent touring Decks 7 and 8, oxygen production and horticulture, including the many gardens. Following dinner, they retired to Adie’s quarters.
“I’m sorry, I still don’t feel at peace leaving you alone all night,” Ari said, finding a seat on the sofa. “Someone should be close by in case you have another bad dream—at least for the next few days.”
Adie gave a subtle nod.
“So I thought we might go over a few things before we say good night.
“You’ve been with us nearly a week now, met several of the crew and seen most of the ship. Some things have come up in conversation, important things. You must have questions.”
“Then this isn’t the time to talk about the weather?” Adie kidded.
Ari smiled and looked up at the ceiling. “What weather?”
“Oh, very funny,” Adie said, grinning. “So weather is out...let’s see.” She propped her chin on her hand and began tapping her cheek with her fingers. “The size of this ship, it’s enormous. But still, it’s small compared to most islands on Earth. Don’t you ever feel confined? Fifty years seems a long time to be in such close quarters.”
Ari considered. “Really, it’s not all that bad. You get used to it. Besides, the work is challenging, and the crew is friendly and well balanced. Anyway, we do get out from time to time,” he smiled. “You’re proof of that.”
“So I am,” Adie said, giving his thigh a pat. “Everyone here seems so interested in Earth cultures. What about Marcova? You said the Ball is to celebrate Marcova’s unity... Did your world have as many countries as we do?”
“Absolutely, and every bit as diverse.”
“No prejudice or bigotry?”
“None, though it hasn’t always been so. We had our dark past, too.”
“But I’ve noticed many of the couples here on the ship seem to be of the same race. Katie and Merrick for instance—they have the bright green eyes. Iko and her husband both look a little Asian; even your mom and dad have similar features. Are you expected to marry within your own race?”
“Many do, though intermarriage is not uncommon.”
“And the children of these marriages, how are they treated?”
“Like any other children.”
“Why are you smiling?”
“Oh nothing,” Ari said. “Good questions.”
Adie paused. “There are some things I want to ask, but I’m afraid they may sound presumptuous.”
A slight wrinkle formed on Ari’s brow. “Please don’t feel that way. Nothing you could ask would offend me.”
“I want to talk about our relationship. I’ve had things building up inside me, and if I don’t get them out, I think I’ll burst.”
Ari smiled and took her hand, “Well, we certainly don’t want that.”
Adie turned and slid her knee up on the couch between them, then took his hand and looked him in the eye. “I know we went over some of this earlier, but before you say anything, please hear me out... I’ve read a lot of classic literature, full of dream-come-true stories—things that could be, only if... A prince dances with a young maiden and she mysteriously runs away, leaving a glass slipper. Do you know the story?”
Ari nodded.
“Usually, the story involves some prince, or a man of great wealth who finds love with someone of a lower class, only to face a world obsessed with social status. Others in the story say, ‘How could this be a good match? What could they possibly have in common? He’s a wise and sophisticated gentleman, accustomed to dealing with heads of state and making decisions at the highest level, and she’s a commoner, acquainted only with the simple life—over her head and clearly unequal to the task. Besides, after the honeymoon, what would they have to talk about—the weather?’”
Ari groaned, “The weather again.”
Adie gave his hand a soft squeeze. “You are so far beyond me, I don’t even begin to compare. For me it’s like some wonderful dream. But this is no fairy tale, it’s reality, and assuming your intentions are honorable, which I know they are, I wonder...can I truly make you happy, once the honeymoon is over?”
Ari pondered for a moment and said, “Sweetheart, you shouldn’t sell yourself short. The very fact that you can hold your own in a conversation with me must say something about our compatibility. Anyway, you forget that I watched you grow up. I know how intelligent you are. I know what an excellent memory you have—how you can read something, then recite it almost word-for-word years later. I know about your judgment, your tact, and how you learn from mistakes. And yes, my technical knowledge at present is beyond yours, and the concepts that allow us to travel great distances and do what we do are indeed sophisticated and daunting. Even so, I am confident that eventually you will learn it all. In the meantime, helping you understand these things will give me great pleasure and open your mind to ideas beyond your imagination...
“And concerning princes, rank, and title; you will find no caste system here, or on Marcova. We are who we are—flesh and blood, with God-given abilities that we use to build our civilization and improve our lives. A senior councilwoman on this ship can marry a satellite technician, and the crew will only wish them joy. Such things shouldn’t be of any concern to you. I know who you are, and I love you for it. You are intelligent, capable, and unbelievably beautiful...as they say on Earth, ‘my dream-girl.’”
Adie smiled and shied away. “So my history—all the trauma—it doesn’t worry you?”
“Not in the least. I know what you’ve been through—and now this news of your brothers. We can’t change any of that, but we have a wonderful staff who will do everything in their power to help. Trust me...everything will work out.”
Adie looked down at their clasped hands. “Then we would be limited to only two children.”
The unpretentious, yet deeply intimate question brought color to Ari’s cheeks. “That’s some question,” he said, contemplating. “I couldn’t say for sure, though I expect some exception might be made.”
“Then let me go a step further. By the time we arrive at Marcova, our children would be in their late twenties or early thirties. How do you think they would be received?”
Ari could no longer contain his smile. “I do like this line of questioning.” Their eyes met. “I’m sure by that time they would be quite involved in their careers. So I would assume, like other crewmembers, they would find their place in society, based on their skills and ambitions. To be sure, their family tree would generate some degree of interest... So Mom,” he said, grinning, “you might want to encourage an extra dose of public speaking in their schooling.”   
“And when we get back to Marcova, where would we live?”
“Oh, just about any place your heart desires: In the city, in the country, over land, or over water...ERS crews typically receive a little extra consideration, particularly if one of them just happens to be from another planet, which by the way has never happened. Of course the career is a factor. Naturally, you would want to live a reasonable distance from work.”
“Then would you expect me to have a profession?”
Ari smiled. “As I said before, I have only one desire for you—that you are happy, whether that means raising children, digging up relics, entertaining, nuclear research—whatever...if it makes you happy, I’m all for it.”
“Even if it means returning me to Earth?”
The sobering thought jarred Ari. “Even if it means returning you to Earth.” He paused and drew a breath. “Don’t get me wrong, watching you go would be heartbreaking, but if I truly love you and want your happiness, then I must love you enough to let you go.”
“And I would never see you again?”
Ari slowly shook his head. “Unlikely...we’re restricted to uninhabited areas, and as you know,” he added, a smirk forming, “I have sworn off any future rescues.”
Adie’s expression softened. “And what about you? Doesn’t your happiness mean anything? Who looks after your concerns, your needs, your wants? What if your happiness is the most important thing to me?”
“Well,” Ari mused, “I think you have just described the perfect relationship.”
Adie leaned back, awed by his response. “Honestly, you amaze me.”
After a moment in silence, she raised the subject of citizenship, causing Ari’s expression once again to brighten.
“So what exactly is involved?” she asked.
“Well, if that were your desire, I would inform the council and arrange for a formal ceremony—not unlike those on Earth. You would renounce all ties to other nations and pledge your loyalty to Marcova. Then from that point on, our civilization would view you as a father views his daughter, or as the Lord views a new Christian. The bond is permanent—unbreakable.”
“And after the ceremony, what would be expected of me?”
“I think you would be able to do just about whatever you please. If you wish to pursue a career, then training will be provided. Certainly a basic understanding of our technology would be useful. Beyond that, a little more physical training to get you accustomed to our gravity, and of course, we should consider a neurotranslator.”
“What on earth is that?”
“Well, I suppose you could call it a miniature language translator...not much larger than a grain of sand—quite amazing really. Once we attach it to the speech center of the brain, it allows us to understand and speak other languages. With all the different Earth dialects, we’d be lost without it.”
The idea made Adie uneasy. “I’m sorry, but that seems a little scary to me.”
“Most understandable,” Ari said with a calming smile, “yet I assure you that the procedure, or what you call an operation, is completely safe and quite painless. You will just wake up with this wonderful new ability...and of course it would save you months trying to learn our language.”
After a moment’s contemplation, Adie shrugged it off and gave his hand a pat. “We have a Ball tomorrow night. Why don’t you show me some Marcovan steps? I’m sure they’re different from what I’m used to.”
“A grand idea,” Ari said, happy to change the subject, “but actually they aren’t all that different. I’m sure you’ll catch on in no time.” He cued Leah for the music and helped Adie to her feet.
Time passed quickly, and an hour later they were still dancing when Merrick and Katie walked in. Not long after, Adie excused herself to get ready for bed.
Ari waited until the bedroom barrier opened and went in to say goodnight. Then, at the conclusion of their prayer time, Adie kissed him tenderly and said, “About our future...I think I’m ready to make a decision. I just need to sleep on it.” 
Ari pressed his forehead against hers. “My mind is so full of you, I can think of nothing else. Whatever you decide, dear Adie-bear, know this: I will always love you—always...” He brushed her cheek with the back of his hand and withdrew.
When the barrier closed, Adie asked Leah to wake her at 0530, then fluffed her pillow and shifted to find a more comfortable position. Yet try as she could, sleep eluded her, as voices, past and present, filled her mind: First Ari’s words of love, then Walt’s kind remarks, followed by sage advice from her parents and comments from Katie and others. Lying sleepless, she was struck by the wonder and depth of Ari’s affection. But if he truly loves me, she thought, and wants me to stay, why hasn’t he pressured me? How can someone who gets whatever he wants, be so willing to let me go—just to make me happy? Can he possibly love me that much? She continued to toss and turn for the better part of an hour before finally nodding off.
In the next room, Merrick and Katie kept Ari company until early morning when he retired to his quarters for his sleep cycle.

Chapter 17
Ari fared no better than Adie at finding sleep, preoccupied and worried over her impending decision.
———————
The next morning, Adie woke early. It was her sixth day on-board. After a quick shower, she slipped back into her nightgown, left the bedroom, and made her way across the living space toward the flickering light in the display room.
Merrick noticed her entrance and checked his wrist display. “You’re up a little early,” he whispered, trying not to wake Katie.
Katie mumbled something indiscernible.
“Is she talking in her sleep?” Adie asked, intrigued.
Merrick shrugged. “Overtired, I guess.”
“Ari’s going to be awake soon,” Adie said quietly. “I thought I’d go over and make him some breakfast.”
“I should go with you,” Merrick suggested.
“No, no—she’s sleeping. It’s just down the hall. I’ll be fine.”
“Hand-some,” Katie continued with barely enough clarity to be understood.
Merrick turned his attention to Katie. “Who’s handsome?” he whispered, giving Adie an amused look.
Adie covered her mouth to suppress a giggle.
“You...of course,” Katie mumbled with a hint of a smile.
Merrick, still whispering, decided to go for broke. “If I’m so handsome, then why don’t you marry me?”
Katie’s eyes popped wide open. “I thought you’d never ask!” she pulled him down and kissed him squarely on the lips.
“What on earth?” Adie blurted. “Oh, my!”
“Oh, my, is right!” Merrick said, looking intently at Katie. “Are you serious?”
“Weren’t you?”
Merrick’s pulse began to race. “Absolutely!”
“Absolutely!” Katie repeated, embracing him once again.
Adie was dumbfounded. “That has got to be the strangest proposal ever,” she said, and they all broke out laughing.
Feeling a little out of place, Adie decided to make her exit. “Listen, I’m going to leave you two alone,” she said. “I’ll be at Ari’s place...and congratulations!”
Merrick glanced up. “So you’re going in your nightgown?”
“Mmhmm,” Adie said with a playful smile.
“O-kay, is there something you’re not telling us?”
“May-be,” Adie said, singing the word. She ventured out into the corridor only to run into Captain Argon, just leaving his quarters. “Oh my goodness,” she said, looking down at her bare feet.
“Well, what a beautiful nightgown.“ the captain said.
Adie blushed. “I was just going to surprise Ari with breakfast.”
“Very thoughtful, my dear.” He offered his arm. “Please, allow me to see you safely to his door.”
“How kind,” she giggled.
They covered the short distance quickly. Zoey noted Adie’s arrival and opened the barrier. After thanking the captain, Adie crossed the dimly lit foyer into the kitchen. “Zoey, can we have the kitchen light up halfway?” The increased illumination prompted a quick look over her shoulder to ensure Ari’s bedroom barrier was shut. It wasn’t. She paused, trying to decide whether to decrease the lighting or close his barrier. It was then that she heard the first muffled groans coming from his room. She held her breath, listening. “Zoey, is Dr. Stratford okay?”
Zoey’s response was immediate and matter-of-fact. “A short time ago I noticed an unusual decrease in Dr. Stratford’s skin temperature, moderate perspiration, and some signs of distress.”
“Thank you, Zoey.” Adie headed for the bedroom, her heart rate quickening with the patter of her feet. She crossed the threshold. There, in the faint light, she found Ari, clothed in athletic shorts, lying on top of the sheets, writhing in torment.
Crawling up beside him on the bed, she placed her hand on his chest and gave him a gentle shake. “Ari...Ari,” she said softly.
His eyes flashed open, then blinked repeatedly, trying to focus. “Adie! Oh, thank God!” he said, holding her hand to his chest. “You’re still here.”
“Well, of course I’m still here, silly. What on earth were you dreaming about?”
Ari was visibly shaken. “It was so frustrating,” he said. “You had finished healing and decided to go back to the surface. I was running, trying to find you. Someone said you were in the launch bay, so I ran to the lift, but it wouldn’t work. Then I got it going, but it would hardly move. When I got to the launch bay, your landing craft was going into the airlock. I couldn’t run fast enough. Something was wrong with my legs.” He paused. “I just wanted to say goodbye. I just wanted to—” His voice broke, and he covered his eyes.
In the dim light Adie could see beads of sweat on his forehead and a tear running down his cheek. She descended, resting her head on his chest.
“Oh Adie; if you leave, I don’t—“
“Shhhh...Shhhh...Shhhh...,” she said, softly stroking his arm. “It’s my turn, now. Listen...listen... I’ve loved you from the beginning. You must know that... I loved your face, I loved your body, and with your first words, I loved the sound of your voice....
“Try to imagine things as I see them. Down there I had almost no hope of love or a family of my own. I had all but given up. Then, the kindest, bravest, most intelligent and attractive man I have ever known tells me in a thousand ways that he loves me, that he needs me, and he can’t go on without me. Now, I ask you...what woman in her right mind would walk away from such a man, even if he is from trillions of miles away?” She rose and leaned forward until their eyes met. “I love you.”
“Then you will stay?” Ari asked, completely overwhelmed, “—with me?” 
Her voice was sweet and full of emotion. “I’m in love with you, Dr. Stratford. I will never leave you—not ever. Where you go, I go. I am yours and that’s that. Do we understand each other?”
Ari reached up and gently tugged her down until their foreheads touched.
“Two just became one,” Adie concluded. “Marriage is just a formality.”
The words sank deep into Ari’s soul, lighting up pathways with inexplicable joy. The kiss that followed was long and involved—a kiss that neither of them wished to break off. In the end, it was Ari who kept things from spinning out of control.
“How do you do that?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied, slightly defensive. “I’m not in the habit of kissing men.”
“No, I mean express yourself like that when you’re so emotional. Those words, I love those words...all of them...especially the last.”
Adie slowly backed away, still recovering from the kiss. “My goodness, what kind of cologne are you wearing?” she said. “It’s driving me crazy.”
Ari wiped his forehead and looked at his hand. “I think I need a shower.”
“You mean that’s your natural scent?” Adie asked.
“Afraid so.”
Adie smiled. “How delicious.”
“Really?”
“Uh-huh.” Adie turned and sat on the edge of the bed.
Taking her cue, Ari moved in the opposite direction and retrieved the bathrobe from his dresser. Immediately, an alarm went off in his head. “Ah, nuts,” he said, making his way around the bed.
Adie turned. “What?”
“The way things went, I never got the chance to propose.”
Adie smiled. “That’s sweet, but—”
Ari had already dropped to one knee.
“Oh, goodness gracious,” she said.
“Adie Marie Behr—”
“Yes!” she answered as if he’d already asked.
He grinned and started to rise, but quickly dropped back down.
“And will you help me pick out your ring?”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake—yes,” she said, pretending to be annoyed.
Powerless to contain his excitement, he drew her to her feet, wrapped her in his arms, and lifted her off the floor, spinning around and around in euphoric laughter.
“Stop! Stop! You’re making me dizzy,” she pleaded, giggling and pounding his back. “Put me down.”
Ari slowed and returned her to the floor, prolonging the embrace until her equilibrium returned.
“The ring,” she said.
“Yes, the ring.” Ari swept her off her feet, cradled her in his arms, and carried her to the main display, setting her gently on the sofa. “Let’s have a look.”
A half-hour later, Adie had made her choice: a simple platinum band encircled in square-cut diamonds. Ari sent the request to the cyclic, asking Adie to wait for him on the sofa. He returned moments later, dropped again to one knee and opened the small gold presentation case.
“Oh my—that is lovely.”
He slid it onto her finger, and she held her hand up to the light. “Look at the diamonds—how they sparkle!” She paused for a moment admiring the band, then turned to Ari. “You know, I came here to fix you breakfast...and look, I’ve let you distract me.”
Ari smiled. “I’ll shower—you make breakfast.”
———————
Ari came from his bedroom dressed for work and took a seat at the kitchen table, watching patiently as Adie completed her preparations. She set the plate on the table: A bowl of mixed fruit surrounded by a ring of orange slices.
After a brief prayer, Ari began to smile. “So marriage is just a formality.”
Adie smiled back. “Okay, I may have understated the marriage part a little. I was only trying to make a point.”
“And a lovely point it was...so when was it you first realize you loved me?”
“Like I said, the first time I saw you.”
Ari raised an eyebrow. “Well, if that’s true, you sure have a funny way of showing it. You see, in our culture it’s not customary to go around shooting at the people we love.” He drew her attention to the armor suit on display in the far corner. “I mean...look at that thing,” he said, referring to the pockmarks.
“Not fair—my mouth was full,” Adie protested. “I’m not responsible for all those scars. Anyway, are you going to throw this up at me for the rest of my life?”
“Uh-huh,” Ari said, pulling her close and kissing her cheek.
“Fine!” she said, in a feigned huff.
“Fine!” Ari parroted with a humorous expression.
They both laughed.
“Honestly, I don’t know what you see in me,” Adie continued. “With all the beautiful, intelligent women on this ship, you choose me, a half-baked medic and cook’s helper with one eye.”
Ari’s expression turned serious. “Listen to me, Mrs. soon-to-be Stratford, and let this sink into that beautiful mind of yours: I don’t care what you look like, though physically, you’re more than an eyeful. I love you for who you are—what you say when no one is around, what you do when no one is looking... Anyway, as you know, I have been looking...for a very long time, and I love you for what I’ve seen.”
“And just what have you seen?”
“I’ve seen someone who loves deeply and gives completely—a loyal friend with a servant’s heart. Life is never about you—always about others—what you can do to improve their lives, their self-image, their happiness. The list is endless. To me you are my perfect match, my kindred spirit, the love of my life, and I will love you until the day I die. These things are fixed, as unchanging as that vast universe out there.”
Ari’s words left Adie spellbound, delaying her response. “And I love you as I have never loved—truly, completely, ardently. You have been such a surprise. In my world, handsome, intelligent, and gifted men are usually arrogant, self-centered, and...you know...puffed up. I have found you to be none of these. You are at the top of the medical field, yet humble; you despise violence, yet you fearlessly defend others’ lives without any concern for your own. You live in an incredibly complicated and demanding world, yet you are determined to make time for the people you love. You amaze me...You excite me...You’re a dream in human form. I’m so full of love for you, it’s coming out my fingertips!”
Ari leaned over and kissed her neck, pressing his cheek to hers. After a long moment, he slowly backed away.
Adie turned and caught his eye. “So when can I become a citizen?”
The question drew a smile, “I’ll make the arrangements...probably within the next few days.” He checked his wrist display. “Sweetheart, I am so sorry. I have a council meeting.”
Adie nodded her understanding. “That’s fine. Candy asked Katie and me to help with the decorations for this evening.” She drew a quick breath. “Oh my, I almost forgot. Merrick and Katie are engaged.”
“What...? When?”
“Just before I came over.”
“I’m shocked!” Ari said, exaggerating. ”So, did you want to have our engagement announced at the Ball tonight?”
“I would love that,” Adie grinned. “But what about Merrick and Katie?”
“We’ll ask,” Ari said, looking at Adie’s nightgown. “Don’t you want to change before I walk you back to your quarters?”
Adie considered briefly. “Oh, it’s okay. The captain walked me over. I suppose if a nightgown is good enough for him—” She reached out and took Ari’s hand, for the first time interlinking her fingers with his. As they walked out the door, he lifted her hand with a look of great satisfaction and said, “If you intend to keep our engagement a secret until this evening, you may want to hide that ring.”

Chapter 18
By 1400 hours the Ballroom preparations were all but complete—only lighting adjustments remained. The Deck 4 dining area had taken on a spectacular new look. As with the sports-plex, the corridors, and many other common areas, the walls were composed of polymer imagining panels. For the Ball, they displayed richly appointed wood paneling covered in lavish art and ornate fixtures. Small tables and seating ringed the room, leaving the central area open, except for a half dozen floor-to-ceiling light-pillars. The tables were festively decorated, each with a softly glowing orb floating a few feet above.
Katie was taking one final look around when Merrick’s call came in.
“Thought you’d want to know. The lunar expedition is inbound—just started auto braking. They’ll be on board within the hour.”
Overhearing, Adie waited for the conversation to end and fixed her eyes on Katie. “We should go. I promised Hannah we would be waiting in my quarters, and I still have something I need to do.”
Candy raised her hands. “You two go, we’re done here. If anything comes up, Brooke and I can handle it.”
Adie glanced over at Katie as they made their way to the lift. “I need to see a doctor.”
“Aren’t you feeling well?” Katie asked.
“No, I’m fine. I believe his name is Dr. Socal.”
“Doc Socal—seriously—why?”
“Does he ever come to events like this?”
“Well, if he does, I’ve certainly never seen him.”
“Then I want to invite him... I thought the two of us might have a better chance of persuading him.”
Katie grinned. “You’re going to be Brooke’s friend for life.”
“Why is that?”
“Well, let’s put it this way...she holds him in high regard,” Katie confided with a quizzical smile.
“I see. And where can we find him?”
“Deck Six—Zoology.”
———————
Doc Socal had been back on board for a week, having left two teams in the Galapagos to gather specimens. One team returned four days later, the other, just hours ago. As he was wrapping up that crew’s debriefing, his assistant interrupted with Adie’s request for an audience. Intrigued by the unexpected visit, he drew the session to a close and stepped outside to greet his visitors. With his knowledge of Adie limited to wrist display imagery, this first real glimpse brought an unexpected revelation.
He introduced himself, addressing Katie first. “Didn’t I see you at the research center the other day?”
“For the DNA findings?” Katie said. “Yes.”
His eyes shifted to Adie, and he offered his hand. “And how are you faring, young lady? I’m sure all of this must be a little overwhelming.”
“I’m doing fine, thank you. Everyone has been very kind.”
Try as he could to share his attention with both women, his gaze kept returning to Adie. “And how can I be of service?”
“Just a social call,” Katie said.
“Actually, we’ve come to ask you to the Ball,” Adie explained.
Doc Socal’s eyes continued to rest on Adie. Was it the curve of her chin, or maybe it was the ends of her hair—how they rippled and spiraled into tiny curls...he couldn’t tell, but something about her reminded him of his daughter, Beth, and it played on his emotions. “As a rule I don’t normally attend these things, but in this case I’m inclined to make an exception—that is, on one condition...”
Adie smiled. “And what is that?”
“...Each of you must reserve me a dance.”
Adie immediately extended her hand. “Done!”
Doc Socal laughed out loud and took her hand, sealing the deal.
On their way to the lift, Katie said, “Did you see the way he looked at you...like he knew you...like he’d just found some long-lost friend. You had him wrapped around your finger, and with Doc Socal, that’s no small feat.”
They entered the lift. “I know he can be a little grumpy,” said Adie, “but I like him. He reminds me of my papa.”
“I get to dance with Doc Socal,” Katie gloated. “Boy is Brooke going to be jealous.”
———————
Adie gave Hannah a tender hug. “I hope you got some sleep on the way back.”
“Plenty.”
“Did you enjoy the moon?”
“It was the best,” Hannah said, unusually animated. “Dr. Helmsley is so funny.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what. Why don’t you go hop in the shower. You can tell us all about it while we get you ready. Oh, and we’ll need to pick out your evening gown.”
———————
Adie had selected her own gown before Hannah arrived—deep blue and floor length, with a low cut neck to frame an exquisite diamond necklace. As a finishing touch, she added a matching hairpin and earrings.
Katie was to wear her formal uniform: a white form-fitting jumpsuit with an open mach collar, covered by a matching waist-length tunic. The entire uniform was accented in gold, with a stripe running down the outside of each leg. The tunic was gilt-edged all around, including the cuffs, with a gold braided collar. Her hair was adorned with miniature flowers, as was her custom.
———————
Following the shower and after a lengthy search for her gown, Hannah decided on an engaging asymmetric design in white. Like Adie’s, it was all one seamless piece with no sleeves and somewhat open back. However, rather than traditional lines, it had an angular flow, starting at the right shoulder and passing under the left arm. The lower portion was also angular, from mid-calf on the right to mid-thigh on the left, with a delicately rippled hem.
Adie offered Hannah a seat and began to run a brush through her hair. “Hey, no snarls...we should be done in no time. Do you want your hair up like ours?”
With Hannah’s nod, Adie went to work.
Twenty minutes later she was nearly done. “I can’t get over her complexion,” she told Katie. “It’s flawless.”
Katie leaned in and looked closely at Adie’s face. “You’re not so bad yourself. I think those plasmids are starting to kick in.”
Adie stood back for a look at Hannah. “What do you think? Should we curl a lock of her hair and let it dangle on the side?”
“I think that would be lovely,” Katie said, noting Hannah’s approval. “I’ll order up a hot stick.”
“And maybe we can hang a few pearls or something,” Adie suggested.
———————
Ari and Merrick turned right at the end of the corridor and approached Adie’s entrance. Leah announced their arrival, and the women made their way into the foyer.
The barrier dismissed, and  both men stood spellbound.
“My word,” Ari said, “You are all positively breathtaking.”
“Hear! Hear!” Merrick added.
“And you two look stunning,” Adie countered.
The cut of Merrick’s uniform varied somewhat from Katie’s, to accommodate the male anatomy. In Ari’s case, the senior council tunic varied even further, displaying a field of gold stars across the shoulders.    
Merrick moved forward to offer Katie his arm, and Ari followed suit with Adie and Hannah.

Chapter 19
They stepped out of the lift into a lively room filled with cheerful music and equally energetic conversation. The reception line lay ahead with Captain Argon and Dr. Lakeland graciously welcoming each attendee. Many who had already passed through the line were mingling on the open floor, while others had located their seats. Adie found the atmosphere warm and inviting.
When they reached the head of the line, Ari briefly drew Captain Argon aside. Having secured Merrick and Katie’s approval, he informed the captain of their happy news and respectfully asked if the two engagements could be announced at some point during the evening. The captain’s face lit up, and he offered his hearty congratulations to all.
Moving on, Ari passed their names to the master of ceremonies, a rather large man with a rich baritone voice, who promptly announced them to the room.
Adie’s arrival caught the attention of many, including Mrs. Lakeland, seated across the room with her son Seth and Drs. Bradbury, Heath, and Socal.
“Ah, our young alien friend has arrived,” Dr. Bradbury observed.
“Yes, and isn’t she lovely,” Mrs. Lakeland added. “Ari is certainly beaming.”
Seth took curious note of Adie’s eye patch and nodded his agreement. “You know, I’d give anything...” One of Adie’s companions, previously masked by the group, walked into view and broke his train of thought. “Who is that with her?” he asked, fascinated. That can’t be—“
“Hannah Knightly, I believe,” Dr. Heath said, “though I must say, she seems quite transformed.”
“Gosh...” Seth murmured, more audibly than intended. He fired an involuntary glance at his mother and fell silent.
The seating for Ari’s group accommodated the entire rescue crew plus Hannah, Candy Rayborn, and Dr. Carruth.
———————
Confident that everyone was present, Captain Argon suspended the music and unpretentiously strolled to the center of the room. Chitchat began to dwindle as he slowly turned in place, giving a nod to many around the room. When all was quiet he called on Chaplain Granger to offer the invocation, after which he delivered a brief but inspiring speech on Marcovan unity, followed by a number of announcements. “...And finally, I am in possession of the happiest news! It is my privilege to announce not one...but two wedding engagements—Merrick Borgan, one of our fine pilots, is to wed Nurse Katie Warren.” He looked around the room for the couple. “Come on you two, stand up and be counted!” He caught movement in the corner of his eye and turned. “There they are,” he said over the applause, “and right beside them, our esteemed surgeon, Dr. Ari Stratford, who will soon marry—”
Continuing was futile. The standing ovation was exuberant and prolonged.
When the sound levels finally abated, the captain offered Adie a warm smile. “Miss Behr, we are honored to have you with us.”
Adie returned his smile, holding tightly to Ari’s arm.
“So...,” the captain went on, “to begin this evening’s festivities I thought we might ask these two lovely couples to come and get things started.” He beckoned for them to take the floor, and then departed.
The foursome made their way to the center of the room and gracefully posed awaiting the music. Ari stood erect, left palm extended, gently cradling Adie’s hand—his right upper arm perfectly horizontal, with his hand lightly placed in the small of her back. “Why don’t we try the crescent step?” he suggested with a brief glance. “Do you remember?”
Adie offered an almost imperceptible nod as the music commenced, and they were off.
Doc Socal watched the couples glide across the open floor, turning gracefully this way and that. Curious, he thought, how is it that these two prospective brides just happen to be the same two young women who invited me here this evening? I wonder what they have up their sleeves? He pondered for a time but soon gave up. Oh let it rest, he thought. They seem harmless enough. Why not just relax for once? Who knows, Matthew, you may enjoy yourself.
Dr. Heath noticed Doc Socal’s preoccupation and leaned in, “Ari cuts a fine figure, don’t you think?”
“Well, he certainly seems well motivated,” Doc Socal grinned. “I’ll hand you that.”
Some minutes later, at the end of the second dance, Ari and Adie returned to their table. “Would you like a fruit drink?” he asked.
“Thank you, yes.”
“Hannah, how about you?”
She responded with a vigorous nod.
“Two fruit drinks, then,” he said and went on his way.
When he arrived at the bar, Doc Socal was just leaving, hands full. “Congratulations!”
Ari smiled, and both men slowed to a stop. “Good to see you, Doc.”
Doc Socal raised an eyebrow. “Curious thing, that.”
Ari returned a puzzled look.
“The two future brides stopped by Zoology today...gave me a personal invite for this evening. Any idea why?”
Surprised, Ari thought for a moment and shrugged. “I don’t know how they found time. But whatever it is, I’m sure it’s innocent. Neither one has a malicious bone in their body.”
With a cordial nod, Doc Socal continued on his way.
Ari returned to find most of his party out dancing. Only Brooke remained and was speaking with the event coordinator across the table. Moments later, she excused herself and left to assist at the bar. He saw Adie and Hannah a few tables down, but rather than barge in, he was content to just sit for a while and relax.
Across the room, Seth Lakeland had become increasingly captivated by Hannah and was soon seeking advice. “Mom, I want to ask Hannah Knightly to dance...but our age difference...it feels a little funny. Do you think she would be offended?”
Mrs. Lakeland scanned the room and located Hannah, studied her for a moment and said, “Look at all the trouble she’s gone through to prepare for this evening—how nice she looks. Don’t you think it would be a shame if she sat there all night and left with nothing to remember? I think it would be nice if you asked her...and yes, she is young and may decline, but at least you will have done your best to give her a memorable evening. There is no dishonor in that.”
Meanwhile, everyone but Brooke had rejoined Ari. Most were engaged in light conversation. Adie, however, was otherwise occupied. Having spotted Seth earlier, she was studying the interplay between him and his mother and felt compelled to relay her conclusion. “So Hannah,” she said, clearing her throat and lowering her voice, “how do you truly feel about Seth Lakeland?”
Thrown by the question, Hannah began to fidget with her glass, trying in vain to mask her crush. “He’s nice I guess, but I don’t think...you know...his age...he wouldn’t—“
“Well, you better get all that figured out, because, mark my word, in less than a New York minute you’re going to be holding his hand on that dance floor.”
Hannah glanced in Seth’s direction and saw him rising from his seat. She quickly shied away. “Oh my gosh, Miss Adie,” she said, heart pounding, “what should—?”
Adie’s voice was calming and direct. “Listen now...he’s just a boy who wants to dance with a girl. You do know how to dance, don’t you?”
“Uh-huh,” she responded, completely distracted.
“Then take charge of the moment, trust in the Lord, and do what you think is right. Either way, I am with you.”
Seth came to a halt a few feet from Ari’s table. “Good evening, Dr. Stratford...Miss Behr...Pilot Borgan...Nurse Warren. Congratulations on your engagements!”
From the moment he arrived, he underwent scrutiny, and though he looked perfectly normal to most at the table, in Adie’s view he had the look of an excessively tall adolescent with bed hair...handsome, to be sure, but a little rough around the edges.
What she couldn’t see at that moment were his other attributes. Seth was the product of an uncommonly potent gene pool. With the ship’s senior counselor as his father, and his mother a gifted mission planner and strategist, he possessed interpersonal skills far beyond his youth.
“Thank you, Seth,” Ari said, speaking for everyone, “and how are you this fine evening?”
“Very well, thank you, Doctor....” He launched a swift glance at Hannah, smiled, and refocused on Ari. “Sir, I must confess, I am here on another matter.”
“I see...and what might that be?” Ari asked, knowing full well.
“If you will allow me—”
With Ari’s nod, Seth shifted his attention to Hannah. “Miss Knightly, would you honor me with this dance?”
Hannah took in a breath and with a sweet countenance said, “I would like that.”
For a brief moment Adie caught Hannah’s gaze and sent her a subtle yet unmistakable message—I am so proud of you.
Hannah smiled back and offered Seth her hand.
When the young couple had passed out of hearing, Katie turned to Ari. “Doc, I think we need to check that boy’s blood pressure. Did you see the blush in those cheeks?”
Out on the floor, the music had begun—an old Marcovan favorite, romantic and slow. Seth found an open spot and turned to Hannah. “This music isn’t very upbeat. Would you be more comfortable waiting for something else?”
“I like this song,” Hannah said, easing closer.
With a kindly smile, Seth reached around and gently pulled her in. They clasped hands and set off.
As the seconds slipped by, they slowly drifted from nervous self-consciousness to timid acceptance to mutual comfort. Somewhere between the latter two, Hannah’s head came to rest on Seth’s shoulder.
He warmed and said, “Where did you learn to dance like this—so well, I mean?”
“My dad.”
“Were you and your dad close?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Well, he must have been a fine dancer.”
Hannah smiled. “I loved my dad.”
A few moments passed and Seth briefly leaned back. “You look very elegant this evening.”
“Thank you,” she said humbly, “but if not for Miss Adie and Miss Katie, I wouldn’t even have come.”
Seth turned and caught Hannah’s eye. “Well, then I am in their debt.”
Hannah absorbed his words but remained silent.
“I do like your hair,” Seth went on, “and the little curl. The way you are, it makes me want to try a little harder to look my best—especially my hair.”
“Your hair is nice,” Hannah said with an almost imperceptible giggle. “Anyway, I don’t normally look like this... You’ve seen me before.”
“Seen you? No... Oh, I have known about you, and I may have looked your way when we’ve passed in the corridor—but tonight, for the first time, I am seeing you.”
“...And what do you see?”
“I see how you look when you look your best. I hear your voice and feel the sensitivity in your words. I see how you carry yourself, how you mix with others...and your perfume—what is that?”
“I think Miss Katie calls it Orchid Mist or something.”
“Well, it’s heavenly.”
For the first time since her parents’ passing, Hannah felt completely at peace—content in the young man’s arms—content just hearing his voice.
Near the middle of the song, Doc Socal slipped past them on his way to redeem a promised dance. Katie saw him coming, looked at Adie, and rose from her seat.
They danced for a time, but Doc Socal was unwilling to trouble her beyond the end of the song, and they soon returned. He had hoped to find Adie waiting, but she was back on the dance floor with Ari, so he opted to postpone.
Seth and Hannah were now into their second dance.
“...and you’re much nicer than I thought,” Hannah said, “but doesn’t this feel a little—I don’t know...strange?”
“You mean because I’m nineteen and you’re fifteen?”
Hannah turned her head in and rested her cheek on his shoulder. “But I thought you were 20.”
Seth’s brow wrinkled. “Everyone thinks I’m twenty, but truth is, when I was five years old, my mom got really angry with me and took away one of my years, so I’m actually only nineteen.”
“Ha! Ha! You are too funny,” she said, humored by his levity.
Seth chuckled and said, “But seriously, I am nineteen, and yes, it does feel a little unusual, but it won’t always feel this way....”
Hannah gave a half nod. “Miss Katie says that as we get older the difference will seem less.”
“Then you’ve been talking about this with your friends?”
Hannah drew an audible breath. “Uh-oh,” she said softly.
Seth stifled a laugh. “Well, your secret’s safe with me.”
After a momentary silence, Hannah said, “You work in Archaeology. Do they ever talk about my mom and dad?”
“Of course they do, and more often than you would think. Everyone misses them, and believe me, there is no shortage of stories.”
“Then tell me something—anything. They didn’t talk much about their work when I was growing up. All they did was focus on me.”
“Well, I can tell you this: They were both brilliant. They knew their stuff and were respected for it. Dr. Freeman and the captain’s mother were particularly fond of them.”
“More... What else?”
“They say they loved each other to pieces—couldn’t keep their hands off each other...but I guess you knew that.”
Hannah giggled. “Uh-huh.”
“Oh...and your dad was a bit of a practical joker. I hear your mom sometimes took the brunt of it, though she didn’t seem to mind all that much...except maybe once.”
Hannah perked up. “Why? What happened?”
“Maybe we ought to wait until you’re a little older for that one—seriously.”
Hannah smiled. “I know how they were together. I lived with them—remember. Nothing you can say would surprise me.”
“Well then...here’s what I know. They were in a South American jungle at these hidden ruins... It was just the two of them working inside the central structure. I guess at some point your dad left your mom in the main chamber and went to scout around. Anyway, he ventured into an antechamber and discovered this half-buried ceremonial mask. Now, the place was pretty creepy to begin with, and your mom was already a little spooked. So when your dad crept up behind her wearing that mask and tapped her on the shoulder...well...you can imagine how that went.”
Hannah laughed. “She must have screamed her lungs out.”
“Indeed she did...and she was more than a little put out. So your dad took off running, and she took off after him—chased him off into the jungle. About an hour later when they hadn’t returned, the team got concerned and tried to raise them on their wrist units...nothing. So a satellite was reassigned to look for them...”
“And?”
“It didn’t take long to find them. They were at this huge waterfall about a mile away.”
“And?”
“The image feed was censored.”
“Uh-oh.”
“In any case, when they finally returned, they told the team they’d gotten lost.”
“But they had a wrist navigator,” Hannah said. “How could they get lost?”
Seth gave a nod. “Quite so.”
Hannah cleared her throat. “Well, those are my parents for you.” As her eyes began to fill, she felt strangely compelled to pursue a subject she had long avoided. “Can you tell me what happened...you know—the day they died?”
———————
Details of that day had been kept from her, at first because of the initial trauma, and later, due to her own refusal to hear anything regarding the incident. Indeed, Walt had continued to withhold information, fearing he might drive her deeper into depression.
———————
“That was a very dark day,” Seth lamented. “All I know is what I’ve been told. I wasn’t involved in archeology then.” He paused to reflect. “They never did find the source of the bacteria—it moved so fast. Within an hour they knew enough to call for evacuation; but by the time the evacuation team arrived, they were all infected. The landing craft was set up with individual enclosures, but your mom and dad refused to be separated, so they pushed two gurneys together and set up a double enclosure. Dr. Freeman, our senior archaeologist, said that once your mom and dad were on the gurneys, they took hold of each other and never let go—even when they were back on the ship in isolation. Within a few hours they were gone.” In silence Hannah concealed her tears, which were now flowing unabated—soaking into the shoulder of Seth’s uniform. Oblivious, and assuming she had already gone through the grieving process, Seth went on. “Dr. Stratford told Dr. Freeman that he didn’t have the heart to separate them, so he ordered a special encasement for two. You may not know this, but Dr. Stratford placed an order in the ship’s record that your mom and dad are never to be disturbed—they are to be laid to rest as they are when we return to Marcova.”
Hannah tightened her hold on Seth and began to gently convulse.
Unsettled by her trembling, Seth leaned back to look, almost immediately feeling a cool dampness on his shoulder. Distress registered on his face. “I’ve made you cry...I’ll never forgive myself,” he said as the song drew to a close.
“It’s okay, please don’t say that.”
Seth looked puzzled. “Certainly, you must have heard some of this before.”
“Some, but not everything.”
“Why don’t we go back, and I’ll get you something to drink? Do you think they would mind if I sat at your table for a while?”
———————
As Seth and Hannah drew near, Adie tried without success to read Hannah’s expression. The damp spot on Seth’s shoulder caught her attention, and she immediately reverted to Hannah whose red eyes and tear-streaked face told her all she needed to know. Stern-faced and incensed, she shifted back to Seth. “What have you done?” she asked accusingly. “If you have hurt my friend, mister, you and I are going to have words!”
Seth maintained a warm expression and mounted no defense—this to Adie’s utter amazement and vexation.
Hannah threw her arms around Adie. “No, Miss Adie!”
Compelled to respond, Walt rose in Seth’s defense.
Adie noticed Walt’s reaction, but her harsh stare continued to burn a hole in Seth.
“Dear Adie,” Walt protested, “I know Seth’s mother and father. I’ve been seeing Seth personally and professionally since he was very young, and what you are thinking—it’s simply not possible.”
Ari patted Adie’s back. “Sweetheart, Walt is right. Seth is a good lad.”
“He was just telling me some nice things about my parents, that’s all,” Hannah pleaded.
“Happy tears,” Katie affirmed.
Adie quickly reassessed and cringed at her overreaction. Though mortified, she still found the strength to look Seth in the eye. “Seth, I am so sorry... Obviously I need to work on a few things. Can you forgive me?“
Seth’s response was humble and respectful. “Miss Adie, I can, and I do.” He glanced at Ari and back at Adie. “I think Miss Hannah is blessed to have such loyal friends.”
Hannah took Adie’s hand. “Yes, I am.”
Adie put her arm around Hannah, and returned her attention to Seth. “I feel terrible. Surely there is some way I can make this right.”
Seth thought for a moment and extended his hand. “Would you like to dance?”
Impressed with his tact and composure, Adie took his hand and looked at Ari. “Sweetheart, if you don’t mind, I think I’m going to dance with this nice gentleman.”
Ari acknowledged, and Seth gave Hannah a wink. “I’ll be back.”
Merrick watched them leave, then drew a deep breath and exhaled. “Mercy....”
Walt got Hannah’s attention. “Must be nice to have someone who cares about you like that.”
Hannah seemed earnestly confused. “Which one?”
The question drew laughs, and Walt smiled. “Now, you’ve got me there.”
Hannah took a seat across the table from Ari and Walt. Her eyes came to rest on her half-empty glass and defocused. Seth’s words began to roll through her mind...compliments about her personality and how she looked...his thoughts on their age difference...the stories of her parents. Her focus returned, and she stood to her feet. Ari caught the movement, and their eyes met. Her expression was sweetly angelic and full of emotion—her eyes, brilliant, the lower lids glistening. He found himself completely mystified. Walt, who had been watching, found the situation fascinating.
“What is it, sweetie?” Ari asked. “What’s on your mind?”
A lump in Hannah’s throat prevented her from speaking, and she began to move around the table. Ari sensed what was happening and rose from his seat. Her embrace was tender and affectionate. “My mom and dad...you kept them together. That was so nice.” She wanted to say more but her voice broke, and she began to cry. 
With his hand Ari sheltered her face from the room. “Sweetheart, that’s the way they were in life. It just didn’t seem right to separate them... Here, why don’t you sit down next to me for a minute.”
———————
Out on the floor, Seth and Adie had joined the dance.
“It was thoughtful of you to speak with Hannah about her parents,” Adie said. “I believe that’s a subject most people tend to avoid.”
“And I assure you, Miss Adie, had I known, I would have picked another topic.”
“Well, obviously the Lord had other things in mind. Clearly Hannah’s fondness for you opened a door. As far as I know, you are the only one who has gotten through...so, nicely done. I just don’t know what got into me back there.”
“Miss Adie, you were only trying to protect your friend. This is an honorable thing.”
“She’s been through such sadness.”
“As have you...your parents...your brothers. I attended the memorial service. Those little ones seemed so full of life. They must have brought you and your parents great joy.”
Adie felt her emotions stir and gave Seth an affirming pat on the shoulder.
“Miss Adie, I know you must think it a little strange for a person my age to be interested in someone as young as Hannah.”
“I do not...however, you might explain what you mean by ‘interested.’ Is this something new?”
“Actually, I’ve been aware of Hannah for some time...more so, recently, because I work in archeology. Still, I have never given her much thought, with our age difference and all. But when I saw her come in with you this evening...well, I realized she had grown older...we both have. She is so attractive and interesting, yet the age difference just won’t go away... Do you know how she feels about me?”
Adie backed away to look Seth in the eye. “Here’s the way I see it, Seth. In three short years Hannah will be of age. Now, assuming your intentions are honorable, and if things continue to progress, from what I understand, no soul on this ship will oppose such a relationship... As to how Hannah feels about you, I think I’ll leave that for you to discover.”
“Miss Adie, I assure you, my intentions are honorable, and if at any time you come to feel otherwise, you must let me know.”
“A noble attitude,” Adie said, “though I will hold you to it.”
“And I would expect no less.”
When the dance ended, they joined Merrick and Katie who were also leaving the floor. Approaching the table, Adie was troubled to find Hannah still teary-eyed and being consoled by Ari. “Did something else happen?”
Ari shrugged, not wanting to make matters worse.
Walt stood and whispered into Adie’s ear. “She’s grieving for her parents—probably for the first time.”
Seth quietly offered assistance.
“Seth, that’s very kind,” Katie said, “but why don’t you stay here with the guys. Adie and I would like to speak with Hannah. We won’t be long.” She moved around the table to help Hannah up, then all three made their way toward the lift.
“Where are we going?” Adie asked.
“Med bay,” Katie said. “A minute or two of tissue stimulation, and she’ll be good as new.” Katie leaned forward and looked at Hannah as they entered the lift. “Are you okay now? No more crying?”
Hannah managed a faint smile. “No more crying...”
Seth watched the lift barrier close and looked at Ari. “Dr. Stratford, would you mind if I wait here?”
Ari gestured toward a seat.
Seth sat and turned to Walt. “Dr. Maran, please believe me, I had no idea how little Hannah knew of her parents’ death. I did not intend to undermine your work.”
Walt shifted in his seat to face Seth and leaned forward. “Seth, you have done nothing of the kind...quite the contrary.” He thought for a moment. “You know, there are a lot of Christians on this ship. I wonder...if you asked each one how they came to know the Lord, how many do you think would credit the chaplain? I’ll tell you what, why don’t we ask Merrick? He’s a new Christian.”
Merrick took the cue and tipped his head toward Ari. “It was the Doc.”
Walt continued. “Well, in the same way, not all people find the path to healing through their therapist... Out there on that dance floor, in a few short minutes, you managed to open a barrier that has been locked tight for nearly two years.” He laughed to himself. “Just when it seems all hope is gone, the Lord makes a way.”
Their dialogue lapsed, and Ari took a moment to address the damp spot on Seth’s shoulder. “While the girls are gone, you might want to slip out and recycle that tunic.”
Seth offered an appreciative smile. “Sir, I considered that, but I think it might hurt Hannah’s feelings.” Then after a brief silence he said, “No, sir...I don’t think I will ever give up this tunic.”
After taking a moment to scan the room, Walt said, “You know, I see a very tall person of the female persuasion over there. I believe I’m of a mind to ask for a dance.”
———————
When Hannah returned, Seth was waiting with a warm invitation to come visit with his parents. Her defenses down, Hannah offered little resistance, and they begged their leave. Meanwhile, Merrick and Katie returned to the dance floor, leaving Adie standing alone across the table from Ari, her expression, one of complete adoration. As their eyes met, Ari felt the full weight of her emotion. “What is it, Adie-bear?” he asked, rising. “Would you like to dance?”
He came around the table, and she slipped her arms around his waist, looking intently into his eyes. “Hannah told me what you did for her parents.”
Ari acknowledged with a slow nod, and they began to dance.
“What you did was...wondrously sweet and compassionate, and that young girl will never forget it. Honestly...your wisdom astounds me.” She pressed her head against his shoulder and closed her eyes. “I love you so much.”
“Dear Adie, I only did what anyone else—“ Ari felt a tap on his shoulder.
Doc Socal leaned around and caught his eye. “Sorry, old man. Hope I’m not interrupting anything important, but you see, this young lady promised me a dance.”
Adie’s eyes snapped open at the unmistakable voice. She backed away slightly and greeted Doc Socal with a welcoming smile.
Ari stepped back and winked at Adie. “I’ll get us something to drink. See you in a bit.”
Doc Socal took Adie’s hand, waited to pick up the beat, and stepped out...Adie followed.
“Thank you for asking me to dance,” Adie said. “I’ve been looking forward to it.”
Doc Socal laughed softly. “To be honest, I’m a little surprised that you would have anything to do with me.”
Adie leaned back looking earnestly into his eyes. “Why would you say that?”
“You must know by now...when the council considered your rescue, I was the only one to oppose.”
Adie smiled, reminiscing. “My papa was like you. He never cowered in the face of opposition. He stuck to what he felt was right, and I always respected him for it.”
“Even so, that’s one vote I wish I could take back....”
“Ari told me about your wife and daughter—very sad....”
Doc Socal gave a nod. “Life can be a bitter pill sometimes, as I’m sure you know...sorry about your brothers.”
“Yes,” Adie said, “all I wanted was to go hide in a corner. But thank God for friends... So how old was your daughter?”
“Twenty-three...and if she were still alive, I expect she would look about your age,” he said, considering lifespan.
After a brief silence, Adie said, “With such a long life, have you ever thought about starting over?”
“...I’d be lying if I said I haven’t, but I’m afraid that’s as far as it’s gone. I suppose it’s the risk of being hurt again.”
Adie frowned. “But you can’t love without the risk of being hurt. You shouldn’t let that get in the way.”
“Oh, believe me, Miss Behr, I understand the concept; it’s the application....”
Adie gave his shoulder a gentle pat. “Well, then I guess we’ll just have to work on that.”
“Maybe so...maybe so.” He leaned back and studied Adie’s expression. “You’re a curious one—quite fascinating, really.”
Adie smiled and moved on. “Would you mind if I came to visit you sometime...to see your work?”
“Not at all—be glad to show you around.”
“You know, a lot of people around here think the world of you. Ari says he watches your movies all the time...and I’ll bet you didn’t know it, but you have a secret admirer.”
Doc Socal leaned back again and raised an eyebrow. “That’s not very likely.”
“Truly...you do.”
“And who might that be?”
“Well, I’ll tell you what—when this dance is over, you stay here, and I’ll show you,” she said, smiling. “A dance with you would make her day.”
When the music ended, Adie made her way to the bar and struck up a conversation with Brooke as Doc Socal looked on.
Well, what a pleasant surprise, thought Doc Socal. Brooke Hayden, the research lady...and doesn’t she look lovely... So, Matthew, are you going to just stand here and look, or ask the woman to dance?
The chat with Adie held Brooke's attention as he approached.
“Haven’t set a date yet,” Adie said, “we still have a lot to discuss.”
“What about citizenship?” Brooke asked.
Doc Socal broke in. “Doesn’t the help ever get a break?”
Startled, Brooke diverted her attention to Doc Socal and tried to gather her composure. “Honey, are you asking me to dance?”
“Dear lady, I came here for no other reason...that is, if you would do me the honor.”
Candy Rayborn overheard the exchange and gave Brooke the go-ahead.
“Adie, Honey...” Brooke said.
Adie gave a quick nod. “We can talk later.”
Brooke made her way around to Doc Socal.
He dipped his head with respect. “Miss Hayden.”
Brooke returned the gesture. “Doc.”
He clasped her hand, slipped his arm behind her back, and they were off.
“I’m surprised you’re here this evening,” Brooke said. “I didn’t think you came to social events.”
“Very true, Miss Hayden, and I wouldn’t be here if Miss Behr and your young colleague hadn’t stopped by.”
Now why would they do that? Brooke wondered, and a smile began to form.
“I was in the room when you released the DNA findings...you know...when you ordered everyone out of the lab. Took a lot of moxie, but I thought you handled it well.”
Brooke grimaced. “What...by making a spectacle of myself? Thanks though.” After a brief silence, Brooke said, “I really admire your work down on the surface. The rainforest imagery was spectacular.”
“So, you like animals, then?”
“Very much.” 
“And do you keep a pet?”
“I do, but not the kind you might think.”
“Oh, this sounds interesting.”
“You see, I’m fond of fish.”
Doc Socal backed away temporarily, and their eyes met. “Well, all right,” he said with a nod and approving smile. “Saltwater or fresh?”
“Both.”
“Even better. And how big is your tank?”
“Actually, I have several. One of our very talented structural engineers was kind enough to install them in the wall between my living space and bedroom. Believe it or not, I find that the fish calm me down—even help me go to sleep.”
“Makes perfect sense to me... Say, I have a couple of little guys that are up for adoption—Kissing Gouramis. Do you know the species?”
“I do.”
“Well, we’re done with them, so if you’re interested... They’ll need their own tank though—quite the little bullies, they are.”
Brooke began to grin. “Don’t look now but somebody’s com-link is buzzing.”
Doc Socal ignored it for as long as he could. “Oh, for crying out loud!“ He extended his arm to expose the display, then made eye contact with a colleague across the room. The man pointed to his com-link and then to himself, but Doc Socal shook his head and signaled that he would handle it.
“What’s happening?” Brooke asked.
“We’re showing an atmospheric breach in one of the quarantine compartments.”
“Is that serious?”
They stopped dancing, and Doc Socal stepped back. “Serious enough...and I’m afraid this one falls to me. I promised my folks I’d be the ‘go-to’ guy tonight. Of course, that was before—” He went silent.
“Before what?” Brooke asked, blood pressure spiking.
“Before you... I’ve enjoyed the time—truly.”
Brooke felt a twinge of anxiousness as if something was hopelessly slipping away. “What about the pool—the midnight celebration?”
Doc Socal slowly shook his head. “With all the levels of decontamination, I just don’t see how I can make it.” His face was somber as he touched her hand and turned to leave.
“You know, I missed the zoology tour,” Brooke said.
Doc Socal’s expression warmed, and he spun around. “When are you off tomorrow?”
“Eighteen hundred—why?”
“I’ll be waiting.” He turned once again and departed, weaving his way through dancing couples as he went.
Brooke stood dazed and immobile, poring over the last few minutes—the only stationary soul in a room full of motion. She soon felt others staring and made her way to her friends, eyes aglow. Adie saw the uncharacteristic expression and walked out to meet her. As they closed within hearing, Brooke said, “Now that is quite some gentleman. Whatever you said to him, and I know you said something...thank you, Honey.” She gave Adie a hug. “It only lasted a minute or two, but it was heaven.”
“But what happened,” Adie said as they returned to the tables. “Why did he leave?”
“Something came up in his work center.” She tried to conceal a smile. “Though, he did invite me to tour Zoology tomorrow after work.”
Adie glanced down at Katie and back at Brooke. “That’s kind of like a date, I think.”

Chapter 20
The dancing concluded just short of midnight, and Captain Argon returned to the floor. After thanking the event planners and decorations team, he invited everyone to reassemble at the sports-plex for the traditional midnight swim and light extravaganza.
“I had better get over there,” Candy said, “still a few things to do.”
“Need some help?” Katie asked.
Candy nodded. “Sure... Adie, how about you?”
Ari touched Adie’s arm. “Sweetheart, why don’t you go ahead? Merrick and I can change in our quarters. We’ll meet you there.”
“Good deal,” Candy said, glancing at Adie. “We’ll pick out a suit for you at the pool.”
When Ari entered the sports-plex a half-hour later, the only lighting in the cavernous space was provided by hundreds of miniature drones, digitally linked and flying in unison high overhead. He crossed the transparent overpass to the pool platform, pausing momentarily to adjust to the light. Soon, and with some effort, he was able to pick out Katie’s silhouette and approached. “Seen Adie?”
“She’s near that far corner over there,” Katie said, pointing across the pool.
Ari made his way to the opposite side, following a dimly lit walkway outlined with pencil-thin light strips. Upon arrival, he could see the faint shape of someone in the water. “Adie?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Why are you over here all by yourself?”
“It’s crowded over there... I just don’t feel right about causing the gravity to change everywhere I go. When we were dancing I could see it was affecting people.”
“Listen, you mustn’t let that bother you. I’m sure the crew would much rather have you in their presence and deal with the gravity than to do without.”
“Just the same, if it’s okay with you, as much as possible, I’d prefer to avoid crowds, at least until the difference isn’t so noticeable.”
At his feet and barely visible was Adie’s towel; a swimsuit protruded from beneath. He quietly took a seat at the pool’s edge and dangled his feet in the water.
“Why aren’t you coming in?” she asked, sounding disappointed.
Ari offered no response.
“Is something wrong?”
He carefully removed the swimsuit from under her towel and held it out. “I know it’s dark in here right now, but in a few minutes it’s going to get a whole lot brighter. You may want to put this on.”
In the faint light, Adie barely made out the suit in his hand and giggled. “So, my love, is it your opinion then that I have nothing on?”
“Well, it is dark, and I remember when you were young... Isn’t it your custom?”
Adie giggled again. “For children, maybe...I guess I shouldn’t have ordered the second suit.”
Ari cringed, realizing his faux pas. He slipped into the water and pulled her close. “Forgive me?”
She pressed her cheek against his and smiled. “Of course, naughty boy...”
High above, a flash of light signaled the build-up to the pyrotechnics display, and the drones, which had been stationary for some time, suddenly became animated, moving quickly to form a giant circle. Immediately the circle spun in one direction, then reversed, broke apart into separate circles, then formed concentric circles...all the while performing dazzling maneuvers and shifting through every color in the rainbow: first changing colors in unison, then in groups. After a short time, the drones regrouped again and formed a long line which began to snake its way around the complex, performing barrel rolls and a variety of aerial maneuvers to please the crowd below.
Adie was spellbound.
“Hypnotizing, isn’t it?” said Ari.
“That is so amazing!”
Ari could hear his little sisters coming toward them along the pool’s edge. “We’re here!” Jennie yelled. “Mr. Merrick and Miss Katie came, too.”
“Where are mom and dad?” asked Ari.
“On the other side, talking with some friends,” Katie said. “Hannah and her new friend should be along in a minute.”
Moments later, the drones disappeared and the massive sports-plex imaging display came to life, presenting one of many outdoor venues on Marcova where Unity Day celebrations traditionally took place. The booming voice of the ship’s master of ceremonies broke through the crowd noise. “Dear friends, it is my distinct pleasure to announce that this year’s amazing pyrotechnics exhibition took place at the renowned Pentacarsi Coliseum fourteen years ago, today.” Excited voices in the room quickly rose to match those at the coliseum. “So please relax, sit back, and take in one of the most magnificent displays ever recorded on Marcova. Happy Unity Day!”
As stirring music and explosive flashes filled the sports-plex, the twins dropped their towels and prepared to enter the pool.
Adie took note and raised her voice to address Ari. “It’s awfully deep here. Can they swim?”
“Like fish. Anyway, it looks like mom and dad put them in buoyancy suits.”

Chapter 21
With the morning council meeting winding down, Captain Argon called for final issues.
Ari rose from his seat. “Yes, sir..., things being as they are, I am happy to announce that Miss Behr has made a formal request for Marcovan citizenship.”
A smile formed on the captain’s face. “Difficult to get married without it, I suppose.”
“Yes, sir,” Ari said, over laughter and light applause.
“Well, we wouldn’t want to give the young lady a chance to change her mind. So why don’t we gather back here at...say, eleven hundred—as many as can come, and make it official.” He glanced at the information officer. “...and Shayna, let’s broadcast the ceremony to the crew.”
Following the meeting, Ari stopped by Adie’s quarters with the news before heading in to work.
An hour and a half later he returned to find her dressed and ready. Her blouse was a bright yellow button-up with a deep blue skirt and matching shoes. She wore a modest sapphire necklace to match the skirt and a delicate ring of small yellow flowers in her hair.
“My, my,” Ari said, kissing her cheek, “you look like a lovely spring day.”
———————
They entered the conference room to a warm reception. A little self-conscious, Adie scanned the faces, pausing here and there to offer a smile or a nod. Late arrivals continued to file in behind them, and the room began to settle.
With the conference table and seating retracted into the floor, the center of the room was open, surrounded by three tiers of standing room filled with senior staff and crew. Captain Argon stood on the far end of the open area, flanked by Drs. Lakeland and Graves. With the room near capacity, the captain gestured for his assistant to close the barrier and stepped forward to address the gathering. Hand raised, he waited for quiet. “Esteemed colleagues and honored crew...in a few moments we will all witness an event that will forever alter our future—an event that will bring new knowledge, cultural diversity, and fresh inspiration to our people. For the first time in Marcovan history, we are privileged to bestow citizenship on a member from another civilization.” He waited out the applause before turning to address Adie. “My dear, why don’t you come forward...and Dr. Stratford, if you would please join her...” Captain Argon took a quick look around the room. “...and for that matter, let’s have the rescue crew down here, too.”
Walt and the others emerged from the gallery and approached.
“Now, Miss Behr, before we begin, it is incumbent on me as the presiding authority to ask you a few questions.”
Adie acknowledged with a quick nod.
“First, we must establish that you are taking this oath of your own free will and not as a result of coercion, bribery, or deceit. So, young lady, do you feel you are being forced or tricked into doing this against your better judgment?”
Adie’s response was immediate. “I do not.”
“And do you understand the ramifications of this decision: that it is binding and irrevocable, and though you are by birth an alien being, you will nevertheless be considered fully Marcovan with all the rights and privileges of any other Marcovan citizen?”
Adie offered a humble smile. “I understand.”
Captain Argon’s gaze shifted to Ari. “Dr. Stratford, are you satisfied that she fully understands?”
“I am.”
Returning to Adie, the captain said, “Finally, is there anything you would like to say before we proceed?”
Taken slightly off guard, Adie considered for a moment, gave a nod, and stepped forward to address the assembly. “...Seven days ago, I had all but given up on any kind of a meaningful future. As a matter of fact, things seemed so hopeless that I prayed for the Lord to take my life. And when the Syrians attacked my compound, I thought that was exactly what He would do. But mercifully, He sent salvation...and in a most unusual form—these men and women standing here with me. And this one,” she said, taking hold of Ari’s arm, “who walked through my bullets to defend my life at the risk of his own...well...I love him with every fiber of my being.” Adie turned to the rescue crew. “All of you risked your lives. You saved me, healed me, and treated me with tenderness and compassion.” She looked around the room. “For the last six years, since my family was forced to leave Berlin, my life has been unsettled and confused. I have moved from place to place, often in fear for my life... And so, in my long search for peace and security, I am astounded to find it here among a people from another world, a people who seem more ‘human’ than my own countrymen. Here, I have once again found a sense of family and a place to call home. God bless you—every one of you.” She stepped back and took hold of Ari’s arm.
The captain, moved by the sentiment, cleared his throat and said, “My dear, I see no reason to delay any further.”
Without thinking, Adie put her hand over her heart, a sweet gesture that once again stifled the captain. Eyes watering, he glanced at Ari and smiled his approval, then fixed his eyes on Adie. “If you will repeat after me...My name is Adie Marie Behr...I state, on oath, that I renounce all loyalty...to any authority, state, or sovereignty...to which I have been subject or citizen...that I transfer all allegiance and support to the Marcovan civilization...that should I pursue a career...I will perform work of global importance under the authority of those appointed over me...that I take this obligation freely and without reservation...in God’s Holy Name.”
Captain Argon paused briefly, then stepped forward and offered a warm embrace. “Welcome, my sister,” he said, drowned out by cheering and applause. He waited a moment before once again raising his hand for quiet. “The kitchen staff has prepared a luncheon on Deck 3, and you are all invited. In the meantime, Miss Behr and these standing with her will be just outside the conference room. You may wish them well on your way out.”
———————
The luncheon was well attended. Each table laid out with a sumptuous array of fruit and vegetables. Adie sat between Ari and Walt, with the rest of the rescue crew across the table.
“Looks like you’re stuck with us now,” Merrick kidded.
Adie’s smile was broad and genuine. “And I can’t imagine a more lovely state of affairs.”
“Well, I, for one, am honored to know you,” Jack said with uncharacteristic emotion, “and you, Doc Stratford, are one blessed man.”
“Jack, Honey, that was a sweet thing to say,” Brooke noted.
“Yes, it was,” Adie agreed, reaching across the table to touch his hand.
“So now that you’ve taken the giant leap of faith,” Ari pointed out, “is there anything you would like to know.”
Adie considered and said, “Tell me more about Marcova.”
“Anything in particular?”
“You mentioned oceans...so...is it okay to swim?”
Ari gave a nod. “Marcovan oceans are not unlike those of Earth,” he said in an amiable and instructive tone, “and the water at most latitudes is pleasant enough, provided you don’t run into a Rettigore.” Merrick and Katie cast a confused look at Ari, who returned a discrete wink.
“Uh-huh,” Merrick said with emphasis and a forced frown. “Bad piece of work there.”
Adie glanced up at Ari, somewhat unsettled. “What on earth is that?”
“Well...it’s a very unpleasant sea creature about the size of our larger landing craft—been known to gobble up three or four swimmers at a time.”
Adie’s jaw dropped, while the others looked on, straight-faced. Ari held out for an extra moment before blurting out, “Just kidding!”
“Oh, nice!” Adie protested, giving his arm a playful swat. “You really enjoyed that, didn’t you?” She shot a glance at Merrick and Katie. “And you two are incorrigible.”
“How’s that citizenship looking now?” Merrick asked with a grin.
Ari put his arm around her and pulled her head into his chest.
She closed her eyes in resignation. “And to think, I have to put up with this for another—” She drew a sharp breath and sat up ridged. A surge in blood pressure brought color to her cheeks.
“What is it?” Katie asked as the others looked on.
Adie put her face in her hands, mortified. “Why didn’t I...what was I thinking?” she groaned.
His apprehension increasing, Ari leaned around, trying to make eye contact. “What is it?”
She lowered her hands and despairingly looked into his eyes. “You’re going to live for 200 years. When I’m old and gray, you’ll still be in your prime.”
Ari pulled her close, gently rocking back and forth. “Adie-bear—you’re always one step ahead.”
“But you don’t understand. No woman in her right mind want’s to look like she’s robbed the cradle. Honestly, is that what you want?”
“Well, when you put it that way, I suppose that wouldn’t be my first choice, however—“
“There you have it, then....“
“Look, I simply can’t give you 200 more years—“
“I just won’t do this to you. You deserve—“
“But would you settle for 160?”
Adie fell into a stunned silence, staring at Ari.
He tapped her arm. “Say something.”
Her brow wrinkled. “But why didn’t—“
“I say something earlier?” he interrupted. “A couple of reasons...you see, this isn’t quite the same as killing cancer. If you had returned to Earth cancer free, that wouldn’t have raised much suspicion, but living much beyond 110 years, now that’s another story. Also...if you decided to stay with us, I wanted it to be for the right reasons, not because I enticed you into it with a long lifespan, or anything else for that matter.”
Though dazed, Adie soon came around. “So is there something else you haven't told me?”
Ari smiled, ignoring the question, and glanced across the table at Brooke. “When can you have the plasmids ready?”
Brooke checked her com-link. “Just a single alteration shouldn’t take long. I’m thinking 1800, at the earliest.”
Adie turned and bumped Ari. “What else should I know?”
He responded with a cheerful grin. “So...you going to eat lunch, or make trouble?”

Chapter 22
Adie’s longevity was only a pretext for Ari’s actual agenda. Showing her into his office, he gestured toward the sofa. “Did you enjoy the lunch?”
“Very much,” she said, eager to hear what he had to say.
Ari stopped at his console to pick up a small silver container and walked over to join her. “I have a little gift for you.”
She peered into the open-top container, completely baffled. “What is that?”
Lying on its side in a bed of soft synthetic material was a small sphere with a short appendage attached on one side. An abbreviated skirt of multi-layered membrane extended from the orb’s center in the direction of the appendage. Short fibers in great abundance extended from the edges of the outer membrane, while longer, more substantial fibers inside the membrane stretched the length of the appendage. Though the sphere itself was stationary, the membrane and fibers were in constant motion. To Adie, it looked like the delicate structure of a jellyfish—complete with hood, tentacles, and a single arm.
“May I touch it?”
“Of course,” Ari said with a brief nod.
As Adie reached down to stroke the delicate flowing tentacles, they sensed her touch and took hold of her finger. The appendage arched and began to tap on her skin as if searching for something. Though Adie initially found the experience disconcerting, Ari’s lack of concern put her at ease. “What’s it doing?”
“Exactly what it’s supposed to do—look for muscle fibers, eyelids, and an optic nerve.” Ari carefully lifted the sphere from the container and gently pulled the fibers from Adie’s finger
Though she heard Ari’s words, she didn’t fully understand until he rotated the orb to face her, head-on, and its iris closed slightly to adjust for light. “It’s an eye!” Adie said, in dumbfounded amazement.
“Do you think it’s a good color match?” Ari asked.
Seeing the dark brown pigment of the iris, her mind began to race.
“When we did your physical, I found all of the internal parts around your eye to be intact and functioning: the muscles, the optic nerve, the tear duct, and so on.” He placed the orb back in its container. “Only the eye itself was damaged.”
Adie was so frazzled, her words came out disjointed. “What—so—you’re—you can’t mean—“
“What do you say we restore your vision?”
Adie stared blankly at Ari, numbed by the revelation. She bent over—elbows on her knees and face in her hands, slowing shaking her head. “How can this be? This can’t be true.”
Ari rested his arm on her shoulder, leaned down and kissed her hair.
She began to massage her temples. “I have this terrible feeling I’m going to wake up back in the compound and find this has all been some elaborate dream.”
Ari thought for a moment and gave her arm a firm pinch.
“Ow! Hey—that hurt,” she complained, glancing up at Ari. “And you’re grinning!”
“Still think you’re dreaming?” he playfully taunted, threatening another pinch.
“All right, Buster!” She twisted and grabbed both of his arms, slid a knee up on the couch, and using all her weight, pushed him down, his back flat against the cushion. “You forget. I have the advantage. I can be violent.”
Ari offered no resistance, choosing rather to laugh and enjoy the fun.
Hovering over him, having pinned his arms to the couch, she demanded his surrender. “Say uncle...I said, say uncle!”
His laughter continued unabated.
She dipped down and kissed his cheek, then the other, then his forehead, then his nose—each demand for surrender met by laughter. However, all went silent when she settled onto his chest and began kissing his lips. Some moments later, she rested her cheek against his and whispered, “I love you.”
Ari closed his arms around her. “Dear, dear, Adie-bear, if I were to die today, I would die a happy man.”
Adie slowly exhaled. “Amen.” She rested comfortably for a time, then added, “Now, say uncle....”
———————
Ten minutes of Ari’s expounding was enough to convince Adie that he was serious about restoring her vision.
In addition to the eye replacement, the procedure called for the insertion of four miniature neural implants. Ari would first attach the neurotranslator to the language processing hub in the temporal lobe, then install the other three—all vision oriented: one in the frontal lobe to enable voluntary eye movement, another in the occipital lobe to facilitate image processing, and the third in the cerebellum to coordinate focus and iris function with Adie’s other eye.
———————
“I know this must seem frightening, and if you would prefer to wait a while, that’s perfectly understandable.”
Adie grappled with fear as her imagination began to get the best of her. “Brother,” she said, considering. “How long will it take...the operation, I mean?”
“Two hours, at most.”
“And when could you be ready?”
“As early as this evening.”
Adie’s apprehension remained.
“Maybe that’s a little soon,” he suggested.
“This evening is fine,” Adie concluded, resolved to face the inevitable. “Better sooner than later.”
Ari smiled. “I’ll have Katie make things ready... We’ll need to keep you in recovery overnight for monitoring and tissue stimulation. You should be good as new by morning.”
“So, what will we do this afternoon?” Adie asked, trying to lighten the conversation.
“Well, first I thought we might check your dyslexia. It should have resolved itself by now.”
Adie hesitated. “After that, can we talk? I have a few things to discuss, if you don’t mind.”
“I’ll tell you what, we’ll do the dyslexia test, and when we’re done we’ll go up to your quarters and talk to your heart’s content.”
———————
Ari chose to run the test on Deck 8. The many isolated gardens of fruit, vegetables, and others created an elaborate maze and the perfect environment to check Adie’s navigation skills. Supplied with a tablet displaying the deck’s diagram, Adie set out from the aft bulkhead, just forward of the reactor bay. Her destination: the forward lift, some 800 feet away. Ari went along to monitor her progress and check for signs of confusion. The walk, which should have taken 15 to 20 minutes, took the better part of an hour—not because of any missteps on Adie’s part, but rather her interest in the gardens and the occasional encounter with a horticulturist.

Chapter 23
On their way up to her quarters, Adie was uncharacteristically quiet. Crossing the foyer, Ari gestured toward the sofa. “Why don’t you go sit? I’ll get us something to drink.”
She turned as if to say something but reconsidered and nervously took a seat.
“You’re not very talkative,” Ari said, returning.
Adie gave a hesitant nod. “I have a few things I want to ask. It’s just a little difficult.”
“I’m listening,” Ari said and set the drinks on the table. “Now, what’s on that lovely mind of yours?”
“It’s just that I’ve been thinking about the wedding... On Earth it’s customary for the bride to be given away by her father...”
“But can’t someone stand in?”
“Uh-huh...I just wish my father could be here.”
Ari gave her hand a sympathetic pat. “I know, sweetheart.”
“I was wondering...what about adoption? Is that something they do on Marcova?”
“Of course,” Ari said, surprised and somewhat intrigued. “Did you have someone in mind?”
Adie looked down, a little self-conscious. “Dr. Socal.”
The initial shock on Ari’s face slowly dissolved into warm emotion.
“Is that okay?” she asked.
Ari put his hand on her cheek, leaned forward, and kissed her forehead. “Dear Adie—the poor man was bereaved of his family, and you, sweet girl...well...you couldn’t have made a better choice.”
“I want to be the one to ask him.”
Ari nodded. “I’ll just mention the subject to the council in the morning and leave the rest to you.” He paused. “That was too easy. There must be something else.”
Adie gazed into his eyes with an expression both humble and innocent.
Feeling the importance of what was coming, Ari shifted in his seat.
“I’ve been thinking about something, but felt I should wait until after the ceremony. I just didn’t want anyone to think it was some condition for me to stay. Do you understand?”
“I do.”
“And do you understand that I love you with all my heart and can’t wait until we’re married?”
Ari gave a tentative and slightly anxious nod.
“I am a citizen of your world...and I know I’m not some kind of privileged character...even so, what I want may be something that can benefit all of us.”
“And what is it that you want?”
“Among other things, a traditional wedding gown.”
Ari raised an eyebrow. “That’s not a problem. I’m sure Katie can help you pick one out.”
“No, I mean a traditional wedding gown—made of cotton.”
For Ari, the ramifications were obvious. “Oh—that’s in-ter-est-ing.”
“I want to go shopping, and I’d like to take Katie with me.”
Ari sat up and cleared his throat. “My word, that’s some request.”
“Just this once—a few days in New York City...maybe one of the research teams could drop us off. We won’t be any trouble. Anyway, I thought we could pick up a few things that the research teams can’t find at those remote places they visit.”
Ari paused to consider. What kind of approval would that take? he thought, and what kind of door would it open for research—medical and otherwise? Is it even safe...and if it were, how would you plan such a thing?
Adie misread his expression, thinking he was balking for fear of losing her. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought it up.”
“An extraordinary idea, really,” Ari said, wheels still turning. “You’re familiar with the culture and could get around easily enough. Though I can see some challenges—a lot of prep work, for one thing. I mean, it’s not exactly a stroll down to the med bay...”
The lack of resistance gave Adie pause. “So, you’re all right with this?”
Ari’s agreement was purely speculative. “Just remember, I am not the senior council. I can help you with the proposal. I’ll even help deliver it, but I can’t guarantee approval.”
Adie leaned forward and hugged his neck. “You have no idea how much that means to me.”
“You said, ‘...among other things?’”
“Uh-huh. Col. Bogie lives out on Long Island. I want to pay him a visit. And if we have room on the craft when we come back, I would like to buy a piano.”
A grin formed on Ari’s face. “Somehow, I knew that was coming... And is that all?”
Adie gave an abbreviated nod. “That’s all...just this one trip, and I’ll never ask again.”
“Okay then, we still have a few hours. Why don’t we try to think this through?”
———————
It became clear early on that a single trip to the surface would not be sufficient. The wedding gown alone would take more than a few days, even on a rush order. Also, with a potentially long list of purchases and no currency, Adie would need to carry something of value to convert into cash—a lot of cash; then locate a buyer and probably have to wait to complete the transaction. In addition, some items on the crew’s shopping list might take a few days to obtain, likely requiring a trusted purchasing agent, a pick-up and delivery man, and a secure storage facility.
Adie would use the first trip to arrange for cash, hire help, and place orders. On the second trip, she would acquire the cash and complete the transactions, taking the final day to visit Colonel Bogie before returning to the storage facility for a night rendezvous with the landing craft. Ari figured two days for the first trip and three for the second, with a week in between.
———————
“I’m so glad you’re even considering,” Adie said. “I know it may not be possible, but I had to ask.”
Ari acknowledged and said, “Any ideas about the money? I thought we might exchange some gold, but that might be a little difficult to manage.”
Adie shook her head. “When we were on the farm in Hungary, my papa told me that no one can own gold in America anymore...only the government.”
“Then how about precious stones...like diamonds?”
“Diamonds might work. My father had a friend in the diamond business—Mr. Braunstein. He lives in New York City...but the diamonds you have here are all perfect, and down there, no one has ever seen a perfect diamond. Besides, to be sold on the market, they need to have papers...you know, a certificate.”
The comment jogged Ari’s memory, and he fought back a smile. “I’ll tell you what: Why don’t you leave this to me,” he said, giving her hand a pat. “Have you talked to Katie about this?”
“No, I didn’t want to get her hopes up.”
“So, if you go, have you given any thought as to where you would stay? The senior council will want to know that up front.”
“I thought a nice hotel in the city might be fun.”
Ari paused the conversation and called Jack to fill him in.
“Interesting...could be a tough sell,” Jack cautioned. “Need some help?”
Ari grinned. “Can you ask the ops interface to find us an unsecured rooftop? The priority would be a hotel...a nice one. Also, we’re looking to lease a warehouse. It should be small and secluded—preferably on Long Island.”
“Anything else?”
“Oh, and if you don’t mind, we could use a threat assessment for the city. I’m sure the council will want to know.”
“I’ll see what I can do. It might take a few days though.”
“Understandable... Listen, we’re just in the planning stages, so I’d like to keep things confidential for now.”
“I’ll be in touch,” Jack said and signed off.
Adie stared at Ari in disbelief. “Then you’re willing to let me go?”
“Shopping? Why not?” he smiled. “Isn’t that what you Earth girls do?”
She watched closely for any shift in his expression that might betray a hidden concern. When he remained resolute, she shook her head in amazement.
“If this is truly what you want,” he said, “and it will make you happy, then you have my wholehearted support. However, you can expect the council to give this a thorough going-over for safety and security. If they approve, I’m confident you will be just fine.”
———————
In the time leading up to Adie’s surgery, they continued to mull over the proposed excursion, including a preliminary shopping list, the use of ground transportation, and time management. In the end, one thing became exceedingly clear: Any real success would hinge on Mr. Behr’s old colleague, Mr. Braunstein, and his willingness to support, and that would be determined on the initial visit.     
As they departed for the med bay, Ari suggested they wait for Jack’s response before approaching the council.
———————
Adie greeted the receptionist and followed Ari into his office. There she found the remainder of the medical staff, including Brooke, Katie, Dr. Carruth, and her nurse, Daren Price. Dr. Carruth introduced Adie to Daren, and they all found seats near the sofa.
“Am I to assume you all wish to assist?” Ari asked.
Adie detected a hint of distress on Brooke's face. “What time is it,” she asked Ari.
“Almost 1700, why?”
Looking around at the others, Adie asked, “How many people does it normally take for something like this?”
“Oh, maybe three—four to be comfortable,” Ari replied.
Adie diverted to Brooke. “But don’t you have an appointment with Dr. Socal in an hour?”
“That’s all right, honey,” Brooke said, trying to appear unaffected. “I can do that some other time.”
Adie fixed her eyes on Ari with a look of protest.
He reflected for a moment. “Probably not wise to put the good doctor off,” he said to Brooke. “Anyway, most of this procedure is automated. I’m sure we can manage just fine.”
Adie took hold of his hand and gave it an affirming squeeze.
“You sure?” Brooke asked, thanking Adie with an appreciative smile.
“Absolutely...we’ll be fine,” said Ari.
On her way out, Brooke turned back to Ari. “Adie’s plasmids are in the fridge.”
Ari acknowledged and glanced at Adie. “Do you have any questions before we begin?”
Adie considered briefly and said, “I don’t understand how plasmids work. I know it’s complicated, but I’d like to try.”
Ari found the request challenging. “Plasmids...hmmm...I guess you could look at it this way,” he said. “Each one of us is made up of different types of living cells: bone cells, skin cells, muscle cells, and so on.” Adie nodded. “Within each of these cells are a number of those twisted DNA strands I showed you on the display the other day. It is those strands that determine everything about us—our strengths, our weaknesses...such as whether we’re prone to allergies, poor eyesight, or even how long we will live. Now, plasmids are very small DNA strands that are designed to reproduce inside our bodies and resolve a wide range of problems. Once injected, they move throughout the body to accomplish whatever they’re designed to do. The technology allows us to correct any number of problems with a single injection, or as in your case today, just the one—life expectancy.”
Adie pondered the explanation, shrugged, and blinked. “I believe I understood some of that.”
“Not the simplest subject, I’m afraid... Anything else?”
“Just one thing: The eye you showed me earlier...I was wondering...how does it move by itself?”
Ari glanced at his colleague. “Dr. Carruth is the technology expert...Madelyn?”
Dr. Carruth turned to Adie. “I’m sure it seems a little strange watching something as small as that move without wires attached.”
Adie nodded. “I thought it was alive when I first saw it.”
“Actually, it has a very efficient power source inside. One part gathers energy, another part stores the energy, and a third part powers the eye.”
“But where does it get power once it’s inside?” Adie asked, pointing to her temple. “Don’t the batteries wear out?”
“A very good question,” Madelyn conceded, “and it may be difficult for you to accept, but it draws its power from body heat. Small thermal cells embedded in the eye wall absorb heat from the socket and convert it into power.”
“And how long will it last?”
“A lifetime. It should never need replacing.”
After a pause in conversation, Ari stood and offered Adie his hand. “Would you like to come in and watch while we get ready?”
They all made their way to the back of Ari’s office and entered the surgical suite.
———————
Katie and Daren had spent the better part of the afternoon preparing the room. As configured, the suite contained a single operating table surrounded by a stunning ensemble of medical technology. The table’s surface was composed of a crystal clear glass-like material, flat on top and rounded over on the edges. Covering this hard surface was a transparent soft gel cushion, made thicker at the head of the table to form a pillow. Adjacent to the table was a large panoramic medical display. High above and suspended from a telescoping support was a massive oval-shaped med panel containing a variety of instrumentation. In addition to the typical appliances found in most work centers, the suite contained a walk-in refrigeration unit, scrub room, sterile storage space, and recovery room.
Upon entering, Katie passed a nightgown to Adie, then stepped into the refrigeration unit for the plasmids.
Meanwhile, Seth and Hannah, having learned of Adie’s procedure, called the med bay to wish her well. The receptionist routed them to the main display in the operating room. After their conversation, Adie excused herself to change into her nightgown.
When she returned, the team was waiting, and Daren moved forward to help her onto the operating table. In doing so, he noticed her trembling and went for a heated blanket.
Taking a seat on the stool at the head of the operating table, Ari fixed his eyes on Adie and offered words of comfort until Daren returned with the blanket. Her trembling soon subsided.
After explaining the anesthesia, Ari reached down to the control panel at his side and pressed a gold icon, causing the overhead panel to descend and come to life. For a moment, Ari studied the large display, then pressed another icon triggering sensors in the table to target the consciousness center in Adie’s brain. The display confirmed a tracking lock, and a soft violet glow began to emanate from beneath the pillow. Adie smiled up at Ari as he kissed her forehead, and she slowly drifted off.

Chapter 24
A nervous Doc Socal met Brooke at the entrance to Zoology and showed her in.
Sensing some nervousness on his part, Brooke respectfully went about setting his mind at ease.
He had decided to dispense with the typical quick look-see and opted to give her the grand tour, including all of the habitats, research center, and veterinary lab...even the quarantine bay with its many levels of protective isolation. His office was the last stop.
Upon entering, Brooke noticed a large rodent habitat behind his console. “What do we have here?” she asked, referring to the rabbit-sized animal.
Doc Socal followed her gaze. “Ah—that’s a chinchilla.”
Brooke bent down for a closer look. “Where did you find it?”
Lifting the small animal from the cage, Doc Socal said, “Peru—the Andes. It just wandered into camp one morning and decided to stay; the darnedest thing. Seemed lonely, so we brought it up to the ship...been happy as a clam ever since—the lack of predators, I suppose.” He placed the chinchilla in Brooke's hands.
“I guess security can be a real motivator,” Brooke said. “What’s his name?”
Doc Socal smiled. “Actually, it’s a girl. We call her ‘Fluffy,’ though, for the life of me, I can’t understand why.”
“She’s adorable,” Brooke said, rubbing the animal’s soft fur against her cheek.
Doc Socal tried to read Brooke's curious smile. “Something strike your funny bone?”
“It’s just...I always pictured you as the strong, adventurous type...you know, a man’s man. I wouldn’t think ‘Fluffy’ would even be in your vocabulary.”
Doc Socal grinned. “Well, what can I say? I guess deep down, I must be a softy.”
“Right. I almost believe that,” Brooke said, returning Fluffy to her enclosure.
“Listen, I wanted to congratulate you on the DNA findings...a nice piece of work—solid, comprehensive research. Should cause quite a stir back home.”
“Well Doc, coming from you, that’s quite a compliment.”
“Call me Matt. It’s just you and me here.”
Brooke was mystified. But no one calls him that, she thought, not Doc Stratford, not even the captain. Why would he—
Noting her confusion and reluctance, he smiled and said, “Here, I’ll help you...Matt....”
“Yes, I know, but—“
“Matt....”
Embarrassed, Brooke broke eye contact and said his name.
The conversation that followed drifted through several subjects, eventually returning to Brooke's DNA research.
“While we’re on the subject,” Brooke said, “that whole DNA thing got me thinking...and I was wondering if you could help me?”
“If I can, I’d be glad to.”
“Well, I’ve been struggling with something for a while now. I didn’t come to a conclusion until yesterday when I was working on the DNA comparisons. You see, a lot of my friends are Christians...and I’ve been watching them. I see how they live, and I want that. But I’ve been unsure...doubtful...afraid to make the commitment I guess...at least until yesterday. When I examined those DNA strands...saw how exactly they matched—level for level, detail for detail, right down to the smallest element, well...to me it seemed more than just coincidence... Anyway, I’ve put this off long enough. I saw in your biography that you’re a Christian, and I was hoping you could help me.” 
A pained expression formed on Doc Socal’s face. “Biographies never tell the whole story,” he said. “My wife and daughter’s deaths, for instance...I’m sure there’s no mention of that...or how it wrecked my faith. I haven’t spoken to the Lord in over 15 years. How can I possibly help?”
Brooke considered and tried again. “But Katie told me that God is a god of second chances. I’m sure if you try....”
Doc Socal felt the stress build: stomach tightening, cheeks flushing, a slight throbbing in his temple. It’s no use, he thought. “No...it won’t work,” he said, slowly shaking his head in pain. “You should see the chaplain. Let him help you.”
The harsh words caused Brooke's eyes to water. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize....”
Doc Socal’s face hardened. “I think you should go now,” he said in a stern but civil tone.
Brooke, in tears, reached out and touched his arm, turned, and quietly slipped out of the room, his words still echoing in her head. The vacant corridor only served to amplify her loneliness.
Doc Socal, now consumed with regret and under deep conviction, was powerless to stop the words. “My God...what have I done?” He rose abruptly and bolted from the office, moving quickly down the corridor.
Brooke entered the lift, staring silently through tear-filled eyes at the back wall. “Deck 4,” she said softly.
“Belay that, and disengage!” Doc Socal commanded in a deep resounding voice.
The interface identified the senior councilman, canceled Brooke's request, and locked the lift in place.
Startled, Brooke was just beginning to turn when Doc Socal placed his hand in the small of her back, turned her, and drew her in, holding her head snuggly against his chest. The barrier came shut.
His words were slow in coming and laced with despair. “There are daggers in my heart...plunged clean down to the hilt...of my own doing. If you don’t pull them out—“ His voice broke.
Brooke fought through emotion to get her words out. “Then Honey, I think you’re in luck,” she said, returning his embrace.
Doc Socal took a moment to recover. “Uh-huh...and how’s that?”
Brooke coughed to clear her throat. “Well, it seems I’m a nurse...it’s what I do.”
He slowly leaned back and caught her eye. “What do you say to a second chance?”
Seeing a smile form on Brooke’s face, Doc Socal dismissed the lift barrier and walked her back to Zoology.
Entering his office, they settled quietly onto the sofa as he sought courage on a number of levels.
“I’d like to hold your hand. Is that okay?” he asked respectfully.
Brooke melted, captivated by his soft voice and unassuming manner. “Now, how can I say no to that?” she said, gently clasping his hand.
“Those things I said...the anger...that was so wrong,” he confessed. “Can you forgive this hardhead for being so cruel?”
Will the surprises never cease? she thought. “Didn’t you know? I forgave you in the lift.”
“I suppose I did...but I had to ask,” he said, brushing a few lingering strands of chinchilla hair from his sleeve.
“When my wife and daughter died, it crushed me. I was angry...inconsolable. Then came the bitterness, and bitterness is a long slippery slope. Out on the dance floor last night, I felt like a shadow of the man I once was. Then little Adie, bless her heart...she gave me a flicker of hope...and that hope, Miss Hayden...that hope was you.”
Brooke felt his gentle squeeze, and her heart began to pound.
Doc Socal fell silent, captured by the warmth of her expression. “I am so glad this is being recorded,” he said.
“Why,” Brooke asked, still in a daze.
“Your face just now...it was...well, it was priceless...beautiful.” Again he briefly fell silent, looking down at their clasped hands, then continued. “Shortly after my marriage I became a Christian. I was a changed man. I couldn’t get enough of the Bible. I enjoyed the company of other Christians. The Lord and I were close. But with the accident, I drove a wedge between us, and it’s still there... You asked for my help, but truth is, I’m not fit to help anyone—haven’t been for years... Well, it’s high time that changed. So if you don’t mind, I’m going to make this right.”
“...I’m here,” Brooke said, softly patting his hand.
He bowed his head, and after a brief silence, he began. “Lord...there’s just no excuse for what I’ve done—the way I’ve been. And though the years have been dark, and I’ve gone my own way, I know that Your love has never changed. And as far away as I was, I still felt Your presence—Your spirit calling me back. But I was a stubborn fool, clinging to my sorrow and bitterness—angry at life—angry at You. I’ve treated others with contempt, though they deserved none of it—even this kind soul here with me now.” Again Brooke felt his hand tighten. “I don’t want to be like this anymore. I look at Your Son...the way He suffered...His life of sorrow. Why I didn’t seek His comfort? Well—” A tear coursed down the side of his nose and fell to his forearm. Brooke watched it absorb into his tunic as she gently rubbed the back of his hand. “All of that is going to change...starting right now! So forgive me Father. I want to be useful again.” He sat for several seconds, pensive and unwavering...then, a peace settled over him. “Thank You, Father, for hearing me. Thank You for using this sweet soul to show me the way home. I am here, Father. Use me as you will.”
Brooke looked up, catching Doc Socal’s warm gaze. “I didn’t know a person could talk to God like that.”
With the look of a man at peace, Doc Socal said, “It’s been a long time...a very long time... Listen...if you want to become a Christian, are you sure you wouldn’t prefer to speak with the chaplain?”
Brooke smiled and shook her head?
With a look of concern, Doc Socal said, “I just feel like I’ve been such a poor example.”
Brooke looked into his eyes. “But won’t you try?” she softly pleaded.
Finding her sweet request compelling and his own reluctance indefensible, he gave in and said, “Then maybe I should start by asking this: In your opinion, what is it that makes someone a Christian?”
Brooke paused, thinking. “I always thought it had to do with going to Church, reading the Bible, or helping people. But Doc Stratford and Katie said it’s something deeper...something more personal. I mean, I know who Jesus is. I just don’t have what you have—the personal part. And from what I understand, because of that I don’t have eternal life.”
“Well...I believe what you said is true. It is about relationship. It’s about moving beyond the idea of Christ as the Savior of mankind and seeing Him as your Savior—a Savior who knows you inside and out...the good and the bad...and still loves you more than you will ever know.” 
Brooke listened attentively, hanging on every word.
For a moment Doc Socal paused and scratched his head. “I suppose I should ask how you see yourself...perfect or imperfect?”
“Definitely not perfect,” Brooke confessed.
A smile formed on Doc Socal’s face. “Then, welcome to the human condition, because the bible says we all fall short. Aside from Jesus, no one is perfect—least of all, me, as you have already witnessed. I am as wretched and sinful a man as ever was, and if not for Jesus, I’d be doomed to an eternity without Him. One thing I know for certain: salvation is in no one else, only Him... So, are you familiar at all with the Old Testament?”
Brooke gave a nod. “My mom used to read to me.”
“Do you remember how the people were forgiven for their sins?”
“Didn’t they kill animals?”
“They did indeed, but only perfect, unblemished animals. And what was it about those sacrifices that brought forgiveness?”
“...I’m not sure,” Brooke replied.
“It was the blood. The bible says, ‘Without the shedding of blood, there is no forgiveness.’”
“But what does this have to do with this ‘personal relationship’ everyone talks about?”
“Everything. Jesus was God’s Son, perfect in every way, and therefore, the perfect sinless sacrifice. Can you see how the shedding of His blood might permanently solve the sin problem and make forgiveness available to all of us.”
Brooke looked down, considering—then gave a nod.
“It was in the plan from the beginning. Prophets told of it. It’s in the psalms. It’s even in Genesis. Anyway, do you remember what the Bible says about John the Baptist—how he went around preaching salvation through repentance?”
Again Brooke offered a nod.
“Well, nothing has changed. As I said, God’s forgiveness is available, but it doesn’t just happen. Imagine yourself as God. What would you think if I came to you and asked forgiveness for my mistakes without any commitment to change? Or let’s make this more personal: What if I, Matt Socal, came to you, Brooke Hayden, and asked your forgiveness for what happened a few minutes ago, and made no commitment to change my ways—that I had every intention of repeating what I did. What would be my chances of receiving your forgiveness, much less establishing any kind of meaningful relationship with you?”
“I think I understand.”
“Then, let me go one step further...suppose you wanted to consider a relationship with me...what would you expect?”
Brooke pondered. “I suppose, beyond you asking for forgiveness, I would need you to respect me and as you said, ‘commit to change.’”
“And I believe that’s exactly what Christ wants. But do you think such a thing is possible? After becoming a Christian, can we be perfect?”
Brooke considered and said, “I must admit, that part is a little worrying.”
“Then maybe you can imagine how I feel after being outside of His will for 15 years.”
Brooke cringed.
“Yeah, exactly...as long as we are in these bodies, we will sin. Matter of fact, the only difference between me and a sinner without Christ is that I’m a forgiven sinner. Why? Because I have a father in heaven, and when He looks at me, all He sees is Jesus. Why? Because Jesus lives inside me.”
After a moment of silence, Doc Socal looked Brooke in the eye. “I feel I’ve done you a disservice. Surely the chaplain would have been better.”
Brooke smiled. “I don’t see how. You explained things so I could understand. And I needed to understand.”
“Then let me just say this: God loves you. He wants a relationship with you, but He will never force Himself on anyone. We have the freedom to accept or reject Him. Now, has there ever been a time when you confessed that he was your savior—your personal savior?”
Brooke shook her head. “I’m sure there hasn’t.”
“And is this your wish?”
Brooke looked into his eyes. “...Will you help me?”  
Doc Socal gave her hand a pat. “I’d be honored.... So here’s what we’ll do. I’ll lead you in a simple prayer where you ask the Lord to come into your life. Just repeat my words, and if you mean it, He will come.”
Brooke bowed her head, and after a brief silence, Doc Socal began—pausing for her at the end of each phrase.
“Dear Lord Jesus, I have lived a sinful life. Will You please forgive me? I believe You died on the cross to pay for my sins and that You rose from the dead. I commit myself to trust in You and follow You as my Lord and Savior. Please come into my heart and help me to do Your will. I ask this in Your name.”
Doc Socal opened his eyes and looked at Brooke. “So, how do you feel?”
“Warm...I mean...it’s hard to explain.”
“Well, I’m happy for you...and right now there are a whole lot of angels in heaven who are happy, too.”
“And how do you feel?” Brooke asked, beaming.
“Alive! I feel alive....” He gave Brooke’s hand a squeeze. “So, when do you go back to work?”
“Tomorrow morning. Why?”
“Then, what do you say to a swim and a nice long soak in the spa?”
Surprised and hoping she hadn’t lost touch with reality, Brooke smiled sweetly and accepted.

Chapter 25
The recovery room was unique in design: a room within a room...a circle within a square, with the space between the inner and outer rooms used for medical storage. Measuring 30 feet in diameter, the interior was spacious and well equipped. The entire room, except for the floor, was covered in seamless display panels, with the wall-to-ceiling juncture rounded over. Motion scenics, recorded on Marcova, were presented in-the-round, offering a pleasant experience for patients returning from anesthesia. Ari chose a tropical island setting with a green lagoon, pristine white beach, and tree-filled shoreline. Spectacular cloud formations above were rim-lit by Tau Ceti, now rising just above the horizon.
Ari had taken his sleep cycle early to ensure his presence when Adie awoke. Now, after three hours of waiting and with the room illumination rising, he made a slight upward adjustment in the scene’s ambient sound.
Adie stirred and tensed her legs. “Uh-huh,” she murmured, half asleep and responding to the crash of waves on the shore. Her eyes blinked open to the stunning scene around her, and though initially taken by its splendor, her attention quickly shifted to the lack of vision in her left eye. She glanced at Ari and lifted her hand to her face, finding a cup-shaped adhesive patch over her eye.
“Everything’s fine,” Ari said in a calming voice. “I just thought we should go over a few things before we get to that.” He waited a moment for her head to clear.
“What do you say we give that neurotranslator a try? I’ll tell you what...why don’t I say something in Marcovan—then, you say the same thing back but in three different ways using your own words.”
Not knowing what to expect, Adie shook off the last of her drowsiness and fixed her gaze on Ari.
He uttered the words “I love you,” employing perfect Marcovan diction.
Though distracted by the emotion in his voice, she easily grasped the meaning, and with equal emotion, replied, “My heart is full of you...You are my life...I am yours, forever.” Her Marcovan was flawless.
Ari’s eyes sparkled. “That was lovely,” he said, brushing her cheek. “Seems the translator is working. Would you like to get up?”
She rolled to face him and pushed herself up.
“No more Hebrew for now—only Marcovan, and let me know if something doesn’t make sense.” With Adie’s nod, he added, “Of course the translator does a wonderful job with speech, however deciphering the written word is another thing. You’ll need some schooling for that, which I’m afraid is outside my skill set.”
The comment jogged Adie’s memory. “But isn’t Capt. Argon’s father a teacher.“
“That he is. Maybe we can drop by and see him a little later.”
Adie reached up and felt at the eye patch.
“Just one more thing. Last night, while you were unconscious, we injected the plasmids to extend your life.”
Adie couldn't help smiling. “Should I be feeling anything?”
“Not really. It won’t be effective for another week or so, but from then on, you and I will be aging at the same rate.”
“Well that’s a relief.”
“Now, as to your eye—“
Adie’s smile changed to a grin. “This is so exciting....”
“You have no idea how much I’ve been looking forward to this.” Ari moved close to remove the patch. “These old scars under your eye have nearly vanished. Looks like the plasmids are doing their job.” He began to peel away the patch. “Incidentally, when I applied this last evening, your eyelids were pretty irritated, though I expect—“
Adie drew a quick breath. Within a millisecond the new orb received a rush of instructions from her occipital lobe, instantly adjusting its iris, focus, and visual alignment to match her other eye. The result: a perfectly adjusted, tack-sharp image with full dynamic range. Exhilarated at her return to the three-dimensional world, Adie became immersed in Ari’s face and physique, relishing every detail. Swimming in emotion, she choked on her words and cleared her throat. “What is it?” she asked Ari. “Why aren’t you saying anything?”
“Dream girl...,” he murmured. Then, framing her face in his hands, he kissed her lips and pulled her off the table into his arms.
“It’s been so long,” Adie said, “I forgot what it was like to see things like this. I feel like a child again.”
“Un-huh, and you don’t know the half of it.”
“My gosh, what else could there be?”
“Built-in image stabilization, for one thing.”
“Built-in what?”
Ari leaned back. “When you were young, do you remember looking through your father’s binoculars—how you had to prop yourself against something to keep things steady?”
Adie nodded.
“Well, your new eye has the ability to hold things steady.”
“I don’t understand...why would I need that?”
“Because it offers far more than just ‘standard’ vision. It has sensor technology very similar to our observation satellites.”
“So how do I make it work?”
“Not as difficult as you might expect, but it’ll take some conscious thought, at least in the beginning... Like to give it a try?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie said in anticipation.
“All right, why don’t you just look at my eye—the blue part, and think to yourself, I want to look closer. Then to stop, all you need do is think, That’s close enough. When you’re done, just think something like, Back to normal. Go ahead...give it a try. It shouldn’t take much concentration.”
Adie was surprised at how smoothly the mechanism responded. “Oh, my. This is unbelievable... The parts of your eye are so intricate...and deep...like in layers. It’s amazing how the Lord put all that in there.”
“Indeed,” Ari said with an involuntary blink.
Adie returned her vision to normal, and Ari continued.
“We’ll have to wait until we’re back in your quarters, but the same thing applies to stargazing...and from what I understand, that is something to behold.”
The thought took Adie aback. “You mean, like a telescope?”
“Uh-huh...you can even look at the sun—that is, as long as you remember to close your other eye. Also, it doesn’t matter whether you’re looking at bright objects like the sun, or into deep shadows, you should see plenty of detail. Of course this means you will have some pretty remarkable night vision. Even in complete darkness you will still see things that produce heat.”
He reset for standard overhead lighting and dimmed the room until he couldn’t see. Then, after a successful test of her night vision, he had Adie close her eyes, and he dropped the lights out altogether.
“Now, count to 10, open your eyes, and tell me what you see.”
She completed the count and scanned the room. “I’m not seeing anything...is something wrong?”
Ari rose from his hiding place behind the table. “How about now?”
Unaccustomed to the orange glow of infrared imaging, Adie found Ari’s heat signature slightly unnerving. “Uh—yes, but you look really strange.”
Ari laughed and increased the room lighting, discretely checking his wrist for the time. “Listen, I need to stop back through my office on our way out,” he said, walking her back into the operating room. “We should probably get you dressed?”
Adie stopped and offered a coy smile. “And exactly how were we proposing to do that?”
“Perhaps a poor choice of words,” he said, grinning. “Anyway, Katie left your clothes in there,” he said, pointing to the scrub room.
Minutes later Adie emerged wearing a sleeveless mid-length dress. The design was fresh and flattering, a floral print on a field of black.
More than a little impressed, Ari moved forward, took her hands, and lifted them straight out to the sides. “Look at you.”
Adie’s expression was radiant. “Thank you for loving me...for taking care of me.”
“Dear Adie-bear, how could I help but love you. Surely you must see...it was always meant to be this way.”
“I know,” she said. “I’m sure of it...as sure as I’ve ever been of any—“
The office barrier dismissed, revealing a lively assembly of friends.
“Mazel tov!” they shouted, in perfect Hebrew.
Brooke stepped forward, fruit drinks in hand. “What kept you?”

Chapter 26
Ari quit the post-op reception early to attend the morning council meeting. Afterward, he delayed outside the conference room with Doctors Bradbury and Socal, hoping for a word with the captain.
“That was rather abbreviated,” Doc Socal said of the meeting.
“Quite so,” Dr. Bradbury agreed, “though I’m not complainin’.”
“I assume all went well with Adie,” Doc Socal said to Ari. “How’s she adjusting to the prosthesis?”
Captain Argon emerged from the conference room with the senior counselor.
“Very well,“ Ari said, beckoning to the captain.
“And the enhancements?” Dr. Bradbury asked.
Ari grinned. “You should have seen her face when I mentioned stargazing.”
“Gentlemen...,” the captain said, walking up. “Ari, I assume Miss Behr’s procedure went well.”
“As I had hoped, sir.”
“And the wedding plans?”
“Coming along, sir...though she wishes her father were here to give her away.”
Captain Argon gave an understanding nod. “I’m sure we can find someone to fill in.”
Ari hesitated. “Actually, she was thinking of something a little more enduring.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, sir. She’s expressed an interest in adoption.”
Without turning his head, Ari glanced at Doc Socal, noting a look of surprise and a fleeting expression of longing.
“Does she have someone in mind?” the captain asked.
“Yes, actually, though she’s afraid he’ll say no.”
The captain laughed. “Not much chance of that. However, should things not work out, I’d like to throw my hat in the ring.”
“I’ll be sure to let her know.”
Doc Socal broke his silence. “Ari, I—“
“Yes, Doc?”
“I...think whoever she settles on is one blessed man.”
“Amen,” Dr. Bradbury agreed. “Quite so.”
Ari smiled and moved on. “Sir, she has one other request—a little more involved. We just need a few days to see if it’s workable.”
“Very well... If you find it has merit, give me a call.”
“Will do,” Ari said, and he departed for the med bay.
———————
When Ari’s late morning consultation ran long, he shifted lunch with Adie to his quarters. She was preparing the meal when he walked in.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said, nuzzling her cheek.
“Apology accepted,” she said. “Are you hungry?”
“I am.”
“Then, have a seat.”
Walking to the table, Ari said, “Have you given any more thought to your shopping trip? I was thinking...is one piano going to be enough?”
Adie turned and propped herself against the counter, eyes on Ari.
“I assume you want to entertain in your quarters, but wouldn’t it be nice to have another piano down in the Deck 4 dining area. I thought folks might enjoy hearing you play from time to time.” He paused for her response, smiling. “What’s wrong, Caesar got your tongue?”
“You amaze me...,” she said. “Again and again, you amaze me.”
“Adie-bear, it was just a simple question: one piano or two?”
“Two would be lovely,” she said contemplating.
“Foooood...,“ Ari pleaded.
“Oh!”
As she approached with the platter, Ari found himself drawn to her eyes.
Aware of his attention and a little self-conscious, Adie settled in beside him and returned his gaze. 
“Now don’t get me wrong,” he said with an intimate stare, “you were breathtaking before, but now...my word....”
Adie began to smile. “Why don’t you ask the blessing?”
———————
Following his prayer, Adie looked up, concerned. “Two grand piano’s...will everything fit in one craft?”
Ari gave a nod. “If the council approves, I think you can expect a long shopping list. I’m sure it will take a Condor to carry it all. And two piano’s in a Condor...as your Humphrey Bogart says, ‘don’t amount to a hill of beans.’”
“They would do that?” she asked, biting down on a slice of apple.
“It all comes down to how much value they place on the mission. Anyway, what kind of piano are we talking about here? Do they sell them in that city?”
Her mouth full, Adie grabbed his hand and led him across the living space to the still image display. She pointed to his favorite image and the inscription on the piano’s fallboard.
Ari raised his wrist and put a call through to Jack.
“Hey Doc,” Jack said, slightly distracted.
“Jack, I need to add an item to the list for Adie’s project.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Can you locate a couple of Steinway piano’s for us?”
“Is that it?”
“Yeah—thanks... Oh! Stand-by... Sweetheart, what was the name of your father’s jeweler friend?”
“Mr. Braunstein, Avraham Braunstein... No! Wait! Emanuel. Avraham is his middle name.”
“Emanuel Braunstein,” Ari relayed to Jack, “or maybe Braunstein Jewelers. We need to locate his business. And how about dinner in my quarters around 1800?”
“Braunstein Jewelers, two Steinway’s—dinner at 1800,” Jack confirmed. “Will do.”
Walking back into the kitchen, Ari said, “That far left cabinet over there...you should find some nut spread—goes well with the fruit gel on bread.”
Adie walked over and rose on her tiptoes to retrieve the tube. “I really want Katie to come with me,” she said, “but her eyes—can she wear dark glasses or something?”
“Not necessary. We can make a temporary adjustment with plasmids...though you would need to watch her diet. Some of the food down there is awfully rich—may not agree with her.”
Adie spread some fruit gel on a piece of bread. “Don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on her, but what about her height? I’ve seen girls that tall...just not very often.”
“Oh, I doubt that will be a problem. She looks a little Scandinavian anyway, and some of those girls are fairly tall.” Ari paused, frowning. “Your clothes may raise a few eyebrows. That synthetic material has a different sheen. You may want to find a dress shop and get into something that won’t draw attention.”
“But we won’t have any money.”  
Ari raised a finger to beg a moment and swallowed a bite of food. “Again, don’t worry about money. I’ll take care of that. However, we will need to find one of those places...what do they call them...where people sell things when they need money?”
“A pawn shop?”
“Yes, remind me to ask Jack.” Ari briefly fell silent, eyes on Adie. “So, you’re sure you want to do this? I mean, all the planning and coordination—doesn’t it seem overwhelming? After all, what you’re proposing amounts to a joint venture with the senior council. Their shopping list could be extensive. You’ll have to hit the ground moving and go nonstop all day. Of course Jack and others will help, but—”
Adie reached up and gave his cheek a soft pat. “And do you think you’ve cornered the market on determination?” she asked, grinning.
The discussion continued well into the afternoon. Then, with dinner approaching, Ari called a halt to allow Adie some time for stargazing.
———————
The room was still dark when Ari let Jack in.
Surprised and slightly embarrassed, Jack took a half step back. “I can see this isn’t a good—“
“Don’t be silly,” Ari interrupted. “I was just taking Adie on a tour of the cosmos.” He instructed Zoey to bring up the room lighting.
Adie left the couch and joined them in the foyer. “Come in,” she said, excited. “You wouldn’t believe what I’ve just seen! I can hardly believe it, myself.”
“Difficult to put into words, isn’t it?” Jack said.
“Oh, yes. Is it ever...”
“Well, I have some good news of my own,” Jack continued. “I’m fairly certain we’ve found the drop-off location for your little trip.”
Ari raised an eyebrow. “Already?”
“Where?” Adie prodded.
“Well, I’ve been watching several hotels in the City, and all of the roofs are locked up tight, except one—the Waldorf Astoria. Seems one of their senior staff is fond of horticulture—keeps a small garden on the roof of the central tower.”
“So no lock then?” Ari asked.
“Doesn’t appear to be—just a sign posted at the exit, saying ‘Restricted—No Access.’ Of course I’ll keep an eye on it, but looking at time-lapse imagery from the last 24 hours, our gardener was the only person on the roof, and just once—0800 local.”
“Any room for a landing craft?”
Jack shook his head. “To land...no. Unfortunately the roof’s a hodgepodge of vents and other small structures...plenty of room to hover and deploy the ramp, though.”
Ari nodded. “How’s the place situated?”
“Turns out it’s just a little over a mile from the Queensboro Bridge. Cross that bridge and you’re on Long Island.”
“Anything else?” Ari asked.
“I did find a small warehouse tucked away in a wooded area about 20 miles out on the Island. The ‘For Lease’ sign gives a point of contact and phone number. As long as it doesn’t rent within the next week, we should be all right. I haven’t located your Colonel Bogie just yet,” he said to Adie, “but I don’t expect much trouble there.”
They continued discussing Adie’s project over dinner, including Jack’s preliminary risk assessment and recommendations. Jack stayed on until Seth and Hannah dropped by unexpectedly, then returned to work.
“What a pleasant surprise,” Ari said, showing the young people in. “Can I get you anything?”
“We’re fine, thank you,” said Seth.
Adie approached and gave Hannah a hug.
“I assume this is a social visit,” Ari said.
Seth glanced at Adie and then Ari. “Dr. Stratford, we are sorry to interrupt your evening but were wondering if we could speak with Miss Adie for a moment?”
“Absolutely,” Ari said, winking at Adie. “I forgot to mention something to Jack. I’ll just step back in the bedroom and give him a call.”
Seth waited until Ari was out of hearing and said, “I hope you don’t mind, Miss Adie. Nurse Warren said we could find you here.”
“You look different,” Adie said, surprised at his clean-cut appearance. “Have you done something with your hair?”
Suppressing a smile, Seth said, “Miss Adie, we don’t want to keep you, so I’ll try to make this brief... I’m sure it comes as no surprise that there are feelings between Hannah and me...and under normal circumstances, getting to know each other would not be a problem. However, our ages being what they are...well, we just want to do the right thing.”
Slightly baffled, Adie said, “I’m sorry, I don’t understand...is there something I need to do?”
———————
Seated at his bedroom console, Ari made several hand gestures over the display and glanced at Jack’s image on his com-link. “You should have the imagery.”
Jack nodded. “I’ve got it.”
“I need to know if the box is still there and whether a crew can make the recovery undetected.”
“I’ll give it a look and let you know.”
“You should find a cottage nearby. Let’s see if it’s occupied.”
Jack smiled. “Been a while since I’ve been on a treasure hunt.”
“Listen, we’ve got the awards ceremony in the morning. Does that give you enough time to come up with an answer?”
“Plenty.”
“Well, I appreciate all—“
“Sweetheart?”
Startled, Ari turned to see Adie standing in the doorway, looking uneasy. He concluded his conversation with Jack, and Adie stepped in.
“So, what was on their mind?” Ari asked.
“It seems they want to get to know each other,” Adie replied. “but they’re afraid what others might think.”
“Hmmm...”
“Seth feels it might help if Hannah had someone to watch over her.”
“And no one’s been doing this?” Ari asked, frowning.
“Apparently not, though Hannah says Walt has been there for her.”
“So she wants you to be her guardian?”
“I guess so,” Adie said with a self-conscious smile.
“And how do you feel about that?”
“I would like to try...but what do you think?”
Ari considered, and said, “Well, I certainly see no harm in it, but maybe we should go out there and clarify a few things.”
———————
“...and, Hannah, you do understand this arrangement will continue until you are of age and that I will become involved once Miss Adie and I marry?”
“Yes, Dr. Stratford.”
“So, you’re sure this is what you want?”
“Yes, Dr. Stratford.”
Ari turned to Adie. “Sweetheart, do you have anything to add?”
Looking Hannah in the eye, Adie said, “Do you trust me?”
“Yes, Miss Adie.”
“...and are you willing to do as I say?”
“Yes, Miss Adie.”
Ari waited for any last words. “Then, we’re all in agreement...?” Receiving nods, Ari placed a call to Walt and filled him in.
“Grand idea!” Walt said with enthusiasm. “I’m excited for all of you. Consider it done. I’ll make the entry in the ship’s log.”
Adie looked up at Ari astonished. “That’s it? No lawyers? No Hearing? No waiting?”
“That’s it. We don’t stand on ceremony around here.”
“My word!” exclaimed Adie, wrapping her arms around Seth and Hannah. “Let’s get a picture for my wall. Why don’t we stand over here with Dr. Stratford’s pictures in the background?” She beckoned to Ari. “You too, sweetheart.”
Ari instructed Zoey to capture several images and show them on the main display. Adie made her selection, and the portrait was sent to the still image display in her quarters.
Later, as Seth and Hannah prepared to leave, Adie asked for a moment with them, alone. Ari took the cue.
———————
“Before you go,” Adie said to Seth, “I would like to know your intentions...concerning Hannah.”
Seth gave the question some thought and said, “Miss Adie, I find myself attracted to Hannah in a number of ways...and yes, some of the attraction is physical.” Hannah’s complexion began to warm. “Beyond that, I find her interesting—everything about her, and I want to know her better. Miss Adie, I assure you my intentions are honorable. I won’t let you down.”
Impressed, yet undeterred, Adie said, “I appreciate your words, however you mustn’t forget...Hannah is underage and will be for a few years yet. I am counting on you to guard her reputation like you would your own little sister—if you had one. Never be alone together behind closed doors...and when you’re out among the crew, you two need to keep your affection under control... I’m afraid you may find three years a very long time.”
Adie shifted her attention to Hannah. “Yesterday you and I helped deliver a baby... I assume you two understand how these things come about?”
“Yes, Miss Adie,” Seth answered, “and you should know that I have taken a purity vow—sworn before God and heaven. I will not break it.”
Adie returned to Hannah. “And how about you?”
Hannah offered a red-faced smile. “It only takes one of us, Miss Adie.”
The simple logic brought a smile to Adie’s face. “Well, enough said about that... So where are you off to, now?”
“It’s my sleep cycle,” Hannah said, “and Seth has to go back to work.”
“Then, Seth, here’s what I want you to do. I want you to escort Hannah down to her quarters, say goodnight, and walk away. Can you do that?”
“I’d be honored, Miss Adie.”
“Why don’t we let people get used to seeing you two together, and then we’ll see how things go?”
After giving each of them a hug, she sent them on their way and took a moment to bring Ari up to date.
“Well, I can see your mothering skills are intact,” he said, grinning.
“I’m sorry for sending you out like that. I just didn’t want them to feel outnumbered.”
“It’s all good,” Ari said. “Listen, we have an awards ceremony in the morning. Why don’t we go over to your place and pick out something for you to wear?”

Chapter 27
Captain Argon was waiting when they stepped out of the lift.
For the ceremony, Adie chose a sky-blue blouse and black mid-length skirt with a delicate overlapping panel that opened as she walked to reveal an attractive floral print beneath.
Assuming the captain was just being sociable, Ari offered him a cordial greeting and turned to escort Adie into the conference room.
“Not so fast, my boy,” the captain said, holding onto his hand. “I could use a little help with the ceremony, and I thought your future bride might like to assist.” He shifted his attention to Adie. “...and don’t you look colorful this morning... So what do you say, my dear?”
A broad smile formed on Adie’s face. “How can I help?”
Captain Argon offered Adie his arm and gave Ari a wink. “See you inside.”
Entering the captain’s office, Adie noticed several objects neatly arranged atop a small floating platform. Most striking was a row of six multicolored crystal figurines—four of one design and two of another. To Adie, the set of four resembled the upper bodies of two doves facing inward, one sheltering the other with its head and wing. The remaining pair depicted a Marcovan bird of prey, talons extended, diving toward a small Earth-like globe. Laying just in front of each figurine was a gold mission badge, similar to the captain’s. To the right of the figurines was a small gold container with a glass lid.
Adie stepped forward for a closer look and noticed the large mission number on the badges had been replaced with an embossed representation of the accompanying figurine. Glancing at the captain, she said, “But, I thought the gold badge was reserved for you.”
The captain laughed. “Normally, that is true, however these are humanitarian awards. They will be worn for one week, and then, like the figurines, be kept as mementos.”
“And what is this one?” Adie asked, referring to the item in the small container.
“That, my dear, is known on Marcova as the Panoptic Triad, which as you will soon discover, is a very special award...but for now, I will say no more.”
“Well, it’s absolutely gorgeous.”
———————
The Panoptic Triad was a small insignia of symmetrical design—an elegantly stylized platinum triangle with a diamond set at the tip of each point. Measuring slightly over an inch between stones, the brooch appeared to have been temporarily liquefied and the center swirled clockwise.
———————
“Because these awards will be presented to your rescue crew,” the captain said, “I thought it might be appropriate for you to deliver the hardware.” He took a badge from the platform and placed it in Adie’s hand.
“I would love to,” Adie said, inspecting the badge. “But how do they attach?”
Captain Argon smiled. “All you need do is place it, tap the surface once, and these fibers on the back will weave into the fabric of the uniform. It releases with a double-tap.” He removed the badge from his chest and passed it to Adie. “Here, why don’t you give it a try.”
After a few successful efforts, Adie studied the reverse side of the badge. “Well, how curious is that?”
———————
For the second time in as many days, the conference room was standing room only. The rescue crew stood side by side across the center, surrounded by senior staff and crew. A wide aisle remained opened before them, allowing the captain to enter from his office.
Brenda Case, the captain’s assistant, walked in first, guiding the awards platform into position at the front of the room. She stepped behind the podium and paused briefly to announce the captain and Adie. The crew fell silent as the two made their way down the aisle. The captain positioned Adie between himself and the awards platform, then took a moment to address the gathering.
“Distinguished colleagues and crew, this morning we have come together to recognize the valiant efforts of this small cadre standing before you. Consider for a moment their skills—their backgrounds. For that matter, consider your own. As I look around me, I see scientists, engineers, systems maintainers, historians, doctors, and technical experts of every kind... Tactical military planning, covert operations, and humanitarian missions generally fall outside our areas of expertise. Therefore, it seems most unusual—even unbelievable, that a rescue mission of this sort could be planned, arranged, and successfully executed within a twenty-four hour period. Yet, such was the case here—and under the most dire of circumstances. Indeed, were it not for this crew’s selfless devotion, courage, and ingenuity, the young woman standing by my side would surely have perished. It is for this reason we commend them today.” Captain Argon turned and gave the nod for Miss Case to proceed.
With the reading of each citation, Adie stepped forward and replaced the honoree’s silver badge with gold. Then, after a warm embrace and a kiss on the cheek, she presented the crystal figurine.
Miss Case read Ari’s commendation last, saying, “For extraordinary acts of valor while under direct fire from a superior hostile force in the nation of Israel. Dr. Arial Stratford distinguished himself by heroic actions while serving as rescue mission commander on Earth date 13 May 1948. That day, he led a team of six crewmembers to deliver Miss Adina Marie Behr, a German national, from the hands of her military assailants. With total disregard for his own safety and braving automatic weapons fire, he twice shielded Miss Behr from injury, sustaining bullet wounds to his back and upper thigh. Undeterred, and with the dedicated support of his crew, he successfully carried Miss Behr to safety. His courageous actions in saving the life of a fellow human being are in keeping with the highest traditions of the Marcovan civilization and reflect great credit upon himself and the crew of Earth Research Station 23.”
Full of emotion, Adie moved forward and replaced Ari’s mission badge, hugged him tenderly, and kissed him full on the lips. The audience, which had maintained a respectful silence, broke forth with loud and enthusiastic applause.
Captain Argon waited patiently for calm to return. “We have one other item on our agenda this morning—an award of monumental importance—an award presented only twice in the 1,144-year history of our Earth research missions: once, for the discovery of extraterrestrial life and then again for the discovery of the Holy Scriptures. Of course, I speak of the Panoptic Triad.”
Miss case presented a holographic image of the Triad in the open space between the captain and the rescue crew.
Excitement returned to the gathering, and once more the captain waited for quiet. “From time to time, throughout our history, some discovery has come to light that shakes our world, sets us on a new path, alters our concept of who we are and how we fit into this vast universe. Just such a discovery was made during this past week by our medical research division.”
Brooke, initially as curious as anyone about the mysterious discovery, was curious no more. Her facial tone warmed with each passing word.
“Through the diligent efforts of one individual, we have learned an astonishing truth—human DNA on Marcova and human DNA on Earth are virtually identical. We are essentially the same species.” After describing the extraordinary significance of the finding and its potential impact on both civilizations, he said, “Therefore, it is the unanimous decision of our senior council that this prestigious award be conferred without delay upon the responsible individual.”
Brooke reached around Adie and softly tapped Ari on the arm, caught his eye, and mouthed her congratulations.
Ari smiled graciously and returned his attention to the captain.
Primarily for Adie’s benefit, the captain chose to digress. “As you all know, in our culture, it is expected that the senior person will take responsibility for his or her peoples work, whether good or bad. In this particular case, that would be Dr. Stratford.”
An indignant expression formed on Adie’s face. “Not fair,” she mumbled too low for anyone to hear.
Ari, sensing her displeasure, put his arm around her and reassuringly pulled her into his side.
After a brief hesitation, the captain continued. “However, this will not be the case today. Dr. Stratford, good soul, has chosen to pass this honor to his associate, Senior Nurse Brooke Haden, the researcher who made the finding.”
Brooke covered her face in disbelief as clapping and shouts of congratulations filled the room. Katie and Adie, who were standing on either side of her, turned and enclosed her in a spontaneous embrace.
Again the captain waited, and the room returned to order. “I hope you don’t mind, Miss Hayden, but a friend of yours has asked to walk you forward and assist with the presentation.” Captain Argon looked into the audience and gave a nod. “Doc, if you would be so kind.”
Doc Socal stepped out of the assembly, approached, and after offering congratulations, escorted Brooke forward. She turned to face the gathering, flanked on either side by the two men.
Following the reading of the citation, Captain Argon turned and removed her collar insignia, which Doc Socal replaced with the Triad. Then, in an uncharacteristic move, and to the amazement of those in attendance, Doc Socal leaned forward, kissed Brooke on the cheek, and stepped aside.
Captain Argon raised his voice above the commotion. “Just a word more... Miss Haden, the Panoptic Triad we just fastened to your tunic is a permanent replacement for your title insignia. It is to be worn at all times. Furthermore, the Triad carries with it an honorary doctorate within your chosen field of study—in this case, genetic science. Therefore, from this point forward, you will be addressed as Dr. Haden, you will wear the key personnel uniform, and you will be counted among the members of the senior council. You have made a truly historic contribution affecting two civilizations—an accomplishment which will stand the test of time and forever be remembered as the Hayden Discovery.” 
Mentally stunned and struggling with reality, Brooke absorbed little of the captain’s statement and remained in a slow motion fog.
Later, outside the conference room, when reality returned, she found herself standing between Captain Argon and Doc Socal, accepting kind words from fellow crewmen as they passed by. Soon, only the captain, Doc Socal, Ari, and Adie remained.
Turning to Captain Argon, Brooke said, “Sir, I am so embarrassed. My mind went completely blank in there. I’m afraid I missed some of what you said.”
Everyone laughed.
“Tell me then, Dr. Hayden,” the captain said, “what was the last thing you remember?”
“Doctor? But, sir, I’m not—“
“But you are,” Doc Socal interrupted, taking a moment to explain.
Brooke slowly shook her head. “Sakes alive! What a day....”
“Indeed,” Ari said.
The sound of his voice stirred Brooke’s conscience. “Oh, my gosh!” Brooke exclaimed to Adie. “You’ll have to excuse me, Honey, but I’m going to hug your man.” She took hold of Ari and held him tight. “From the bottom of my heart...thank you—you dear, dear man.” She gave his back a repeated pat and withdrew.
Adie stepped in and rose to whisper in Ari’s ear. “I’m so glad you’re mine....”
Captain Argon took the opportunity to make his exit, calling back to Brooke as he neared his office. “By the way, Dr. Hayden, your new quarters are on the outer edge of the key personnel deck, next to the chaplain. That’s three doors down from Miss Behr. Enjoy the view,” he said, disappearing into his office.
Doc Socal put his hand on Brooke’s shoulder. “Listen, I hope you don’t mind. I took the liberty of contacting the fabrication team. You needn’t worry about your little finned friends. I’m sure they’ll love the new home.”
Brooke stared blankly at the floor. “Somebody pinch me... None of this seems real.”
Ari gave Doc Socal a wink and took Adie’s hand. “We’re off to Deck 5. Seems my lovely bride-to-be has a few briefings to attend.”
Doc Socal was quick to remind Adie of her zoology tour later that afternoon. Then offering Brooke his arm, he said, “Dr. Hayden, may I escort you to your new quarters?”
She graciously obliged, leaned in close and said, “Oh, that’s all right, Honey—you can call me Brooke.”

Chapter 28
“Must all of the animals be isolated and go though this decontamination, as you call it?”
Doc Socal was pleased by Adie’s attentiveness. “Not all. Some move through more quickly than others. We scan them at each level for any persistent viruses and bacteria. If we find none, the specimen passes straight into this room...what we call the ‘zoo.’”
Adie eyed the enclosures as they walked along. “But how do you get the animals into the first isolation room without exposing people? I assume you don’t just bring them through the front door.”
“No. Actually, we have our own dedicated lift—nonstop from the launch bay—brings them right into initial decontamination.”
“So how long do you normally...oh my gosh! What is that?” Adie asked, slowly retreating from the imposing reptile. “Is it from Marcova?”
“That, Miss Behr, is an adolescent Komodo Dragon from a small island just northwest of Australia—the only place on Earth we have found them.”
“But I’ve never seen one before—not even in pictures. It looks ferocious... What does he eat?”
“Not vegetables, if that’s what you mean. No, you would do well to keep your distance from his kind. The adults are upwards of 150 pounds—all muscle. Generally, you won’t find humans on his menu, but if you get on his wrong side, he will definitely ruin your day.”
“I guess I won’t pet him, then.” Adie said with a twisted expression.
They exited into the corridor. “So how’s the adoption going? Who’s the lucky man?”
Thankful that he raised the subject, but unprepared, Adie shifted her gaze downward, searching for words.
Doc Socal sensed her uneasiness. “Well, whoever he is, if he’s crazy enough to turn you down, you come right back here, and don’t waste one moment.”
Adie looked up and smiled, relieved and happy to know where he stood. “That’s very kind,” she said, and checked the time on his wrist display.
Restraining a smile, she said, “It’s funny you should mention it. I was looking at your watch, and I’m supposed to meet with the chaplain in 15 minutes to make everything official. Can you come?”
With a barely noticeable but deeply felt twinge of melancholy, he graciously agreed and escorted Adie to the central lift. They ascended one deck, walked through the fellowship hall, and entered the chaplain’s office where Captain Argon, Ari, Brooke, and Chaplain Granger were waiting.
Adie stepped forward to greet the chaplain, leaving Doc Socal standing between the captain and Brooke. Ari, who was speaking with the chaplain, touched Adie’s arm and moved aside.
Yielding to the inevitable, Doc Socal took Brooke’s hand and glanced at Captain Argon. “Jason, you are one blessed man.”
The captain thought the comment a bit odd but kept his peace.
“Well, my friends,” the chaplain said, “why don’t we get started?”
Doc Socal’s gaze drifted downward, eyes defocused, rationalizing the wisdom of Adie’s choice.
“Adie, my dear, we are all assembled here to honor your request. You have made a wonderful choice in a father, and I think we can all agree, he is much to be envied... So, if the father would step forward.“
Confused at the lack of movement in the room, Doc Socal looked up to see the chaplain beckoning to him. Brooke gave his hand a gentle squeeze and let go.
Adie turned and approached Doc Socal, kissed his cheek, and held him close.
Overcome by emotion, Doc Socal took a moment to adjust and quietly confessed, “I’m nothing but an ill-tempered old man.”
Adie smiled and looked him in the eye. “Well, then we’ll just have to work on that, won’t we, Papa?” she said, taking his arm. “And you are not an ‘old man.’”
Dazed and mystified, Doc Socal walked Adie forward.
After formalizing their intentions, the chaplain delivered a short but heartfelt discourse affirming the importance of family and the value of mutual support and commitment. Then, with Captain Argon’s help, and in the presence of witnesses, the chaplain made the official entry in the ship’s log.
“That’s it,” Captain Argon confirmed. “It’s official. You are now father and daughter. Congratulations!”
With a broad smile and her arm around her new father, Adie turned and said, “Tonight, you are all invited for dinner at my place. Ari and I are going to prepare my papa’s favorite meal...providing, of course, he tells us what it is.”
“Need any help?” Brooke asked, approaching.
“Absolutely!”
Brooke glanced at Doc Socal. “Surprised?”
“I am,” he said, turning to Adie. “And why the secret?”
“I don’t know. I just thought it would be fun. Is that okay?”
“Perfectly,” he said, touching the side of her head with his cheek.
Adie gave Brooke a friendly wink. “I guess I’ve taken enough time with your man,” she said, echoing Brooke’s comment from earlier in the day.
Doc Socal perked up and fixed his eyes on Brooke. “Is that true?” he grinned. “Am I your man?”
Brooke smiled and looked at Adie in amazement. “My gosh, honey, you’re like some kind of perpetual gift machine.”
———————
That evening after dinner as everyone was leaving, Ari delayed Captain Argon for a short discussion. He then proceeded to lay out Adie’s need for retail therapy—the reasoning, the requirements, and the risks. His words were frank and unassuming.
Captain Argon listened attentively and after some consideration, turned to Adie. “That’s some idea you have there, young lady...and I can see you two have done your homework.”
For Ari, the captain’s supportive attitude was a pleasant surprise. “We have, sir, and with your consent, we are prepared to petition the council.”
Captain Argon acknowledged and added, “Miss Adie, you do understand that taking Nurse Warren along will be somewhat problematic? While we may be able to get her to look the part, she probably isn’t very familiar with the culture down there. No doubt your background and experience will be some advantage, however, it seems to me that Miss Warren would be...how do you say it, ‘a fish out of water’?”
Shrugging off the captains concern, Adie said, “There are a lot of foreigners in New York City...not only the tourists, but also the people who live there. I’ll take care of her. I promise.”
“My dear, of this I have little doubt.” The captain extended his hand to Ari. “Tomorrow morning, then. We should have a light agenda.”
“Sir, we do appreciate it.”
“You understand, I can offer no guarantees...however the prospect of acquiring certain hard to attain items may very well win the council over.”
When the captain had gone, Ari called and invited Merrick and Katie to return.
———————
“Sorry to be so mysterious,” Ari said, letting the couple back in, “but we didn’t want to mention this until things solidified a little.”
Seeing Merrick’s curious expression, Adie said, “Have you two given any thought to setting a wedding date?”
His face unaltered, Merrick said, “We don’t want to wait, if that’s what you mean...maybe a month or so.”
Adie was clearly pleased. “Well, Ari and I feel the same way, and we thought it might be fun to have a double wedding.”
Surprised, Merrick launched a glance at Katie, who returned an approving smile. “Sounds—delightful. Did you have a date in mind?”
“Not just yet,” Ari said, “but something has come up.” He paused to clear his throat and looked at Adie. “You know, sweetheart, this is your idea. Why don’t you fill them in?”
Adie turned her attention to Katie. “Tomorrow Ari and I are going before the council to propose a little shopping trip.”
“Shopping trip?” Katie laughed. “You mean, to the cyclic?”
Adie smiled and shook her head. “I was thinking more along the lines of...say...New York City.”
Katie’s eyes narrowed. “Right! New York City...you want to go shopping in New York City.” She glanced at Ari, suspecting a prank.
“Anyway,” Adie continued, “I thought it might be fun if we went together.”
A wrinkle formed on Katie’s brow. “But won’t Dr. Stratford stand out? Surely they’ll see that he’s different.”
Adie giggled. “Not him, silly... You!” Feeling a prick of conscience, Adie turned to Merrick. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to...I hope you don’t mind.”
“What? No, of course not,” Merrick said, grasping the significance.
Katie felt an all too familiar tingle run up her spine, causing a slight but visible tremor.
Merrick put his arm around her and pulled her close. “Not afraid, are you?” he said, kissing her cheek. “I mean, think of it. You’ll be the first Marcovan to walk among the people of Earth. What stories you can tell your grandchildren...and everyone else for that matter.”
“You have nothing to worry about,” Adie said. “It will be fun. Anyway, it all may come to nothing, but we needed to know where you stand before we go to the council.”
———————
The following morning, Adie’s petition was the last item on the council’s agenda. Much to Ari’s surprise, Adie chose to make the presentation herself, relying on him for technical support. Jack was there to provide the risk assessment, and Merrick briefed on the landing site—entry and egress. Though a number of questions were raised and reservations aired, in the end it was Jack’s favorable risk assessment that began to sway the council. A final vote was set for later in the week, giving each council member further opportunity to consider the proposal and ready a prioritized list of purchases.
———————
Adie spent the remainder of her morning with Claire and Jenny, touring the labyrinth of gardens on Deck 8. Ari had intended to return to the med bay, but was intercepted by Doc Socal, who clearly needed to talk. They stopped by Ari’s quarters on their way in to work.
“This adoption...,” Doc Socal began, “I assume Adie just wants someone to walk her down the aisle.”
Ari considered briefly and shook his head. “No, Doc, I’m sure you’ll find it’s more than that. Adie loved her father deeply. Losing him created a huge void—a void she has asked you to fill. She doesn’t want a figurehead father—she wants a father and a father’s affection. She wants your love, your wisdom, and your advice. She wants you to be proud of her, and she wants to be proud of you.” A broad grin formed on Ari’s face. “Of course, you know this makes me your future son-in-law.”
Doc Socal stood motionless, lost in thought. “I look at that young lady—all she’s been through. How can she love anyone after all of that?”
“Quite honestly, Doc, I don’t know where it comes from. I only know that it is...and once she loves someone, that love is unshakable. She has made me the happiest man that ever lived, and there’s no reason you shouldn’t feel the same. We are both blessed men.”
Doc Socal stared blankly at the floor. “I would never have thought it possible.”
“Believe me Doc, I know how you feel. It’s like living a dream.”
“The wedding,” said Doc Socal, “I was trying to think of something to give her for the ceremony, but I keep coming up blank. Any ideas?”
Ari mulled momentarily and began to smile. “Amazing you should ask. I think you need to see something.” Ari led Doc Socal to his display, and they took a seat. “Zoey, show us Adie’s tenth birthday...just after the meal.”
The family scene quickly drew Doc Socal in, resurrecting memories of birthdays long past. “She’s a peach, isn’t she?”
Ari nodded. “That’s not the half of it.”
As the scene progressed, and Mr. Behr placed the dove pendant around Adie’s neck, Ari asked Zoey to freeze the image and zoom in. “Doc, you have no idea how much that little item means to her. It’s a shame she had to leave it behind in Germany.”
Doc Socal shifted in his seat. “You talk as if it’s still there.”
“It is still there...buried in a strongbox, along with a fortune in diamonds, not far from the family’s summer home. And Doc, if we get the go-ahead from the council, I’ll need those diamonds to fund Adie’s trip.”
“What about the site? Can we get in and out without attracting attention?”
“I have posed that very question to Jack Corban, up in ops. Let me give him a call.”
Within seconds Jack was on the line.“Best I can tell, the place is vacant,” Jack said. “So far all I’ve seen are two youngsters on a hike, maybe a mile from the stream. I’ll keep an eye on it, but for now, things look good.”
Ari signed off with Jack and turned back to Doc Socal. “Don’t you have a trip coming up?”
“Several, actually. First one’s in four days...just a site visit—down and back the same night.”
“Perfect. That should give us plenty of time to prepare before the next council briefing... Listen, Doc. When we get to selecting the recovery crew, I’d like to recommend Pilot Borgan. He was quite an asset during the rescue.”
“What was the name of that ops guy you took with you?”
“I was just talking to him...Jack Corban—good man.”
Doc Socal acknowledged and rose from the couch. “Listen, I’ve got to go. Would you mind talking to Corban and the pilot for me?”
“Be glad to,” Ari said, a small frown forming, “but it might be better coming from you.”
Doc Socal gave a nod. “I’ll do it, then.”
Ari walked him to the door. “You know this will make you Adie’s hero.”
Doc Socal scratched his head and tendered an uneasy grin. “I just wish I knew a little more about her.”
“Then, why don’t you view some of her archives. I’m sure she won’t mind.”
“Splendid idea.”
“I’ll let her know and send you the code.”
Putting his hand on Ari’s shoulder, Doc Socal said, “Look Ari...I know I don’t deserve a bit of this. I also know none of this would be happening without your support. You have my thanks.”
Ari extended his hand, “Don’t mention it, Dad. I think both of us have a lot to be thankful for.”
Doc Socal took Ari’s hand and pulled him close.
“Wow, Doc, it’s a new you,” said Ari.
“Get use to it, buddy. I’m a changed man.”
As they parted company, Ari stood pondering. How can a man shed such deep-seated bitterness, he thought, and with such little effort? Is that even possible? And yet, as he stepped back into his quarters, he was sure he heard whistling—the sweet melody of a song bird receding down the corridor.

Chapter 29
Doc Socal found Merrick in mission control, three decks up and overlooking the launch bay.
Merrick and his two companions were enjoying a moment of levity when one of them noticed the senior council member and rose from his seat.
“Excuse the interruption, gentlemen. Pilot Borgan...a word, if you don’t mind.” 
Merrick, slightly shaken, excused himself and led Doc Socal into the adjoining room. “How can I be of service, Doc?”
“I understand you know a thing or two about Miss Behr’s past?”
Merrick found the question puzzling. “I’ve seen several hours of her history...”
“Are you aware of a strongbox?”
Surprised, Merrick said, “I am, indeed.”
“Well, I’ve been wracking my brain as to what to give Adie for her wedding, and according to Dr. Stratford, that box contains something near and dear.”
“The pendant,” Merrick confirmed with a nod.
“So how would you like to go on a little treasure hunt?”
“Absolutely!” Merrick grinned. “When?”
“Day after tomorrow—I’m scheduled to visit our team in Siberia.”
“Ah...just a hop, skip, and a jump from Germany,” Merrick said. “How long do you expect to be on the ground?”
“Five hours or so...do I need to request you through the launch supervisor?”
“Not necessary,” Merrick replied. “I’ll just work out an exchange with the duty pilot.”
Doc Socal extended his hand. “I’ll be in touch...and thanks.”
“Oh, Doc, just one thing. If I can work it out, would you mind if I bring along an assistant?”
Noting Merrick’s sheepish expression, Doc Socal laughed. “Do you really think we need a nurse?”
———————
By the time the mission launched, Jack was confident that the landing site posed only a minimal security risk. The midnight arrival and cover of darkness further ensured their concealment.
Merrick selected a small clearing a quarter mile north of the stream and plotted a southern approach over a heavily forested area. Only an hour earlier they had left Doc Socal with his research team on the Central Siberian Plateau.
As they settled onto the meadow and the landing struts made contact, Jack piped up. “No human presence within four miles. It’s just us and our furry friends of the forest. You have your in-ear com-link’s, right?”
A nervous Katie rose from her seat and waited for Merrick at the rear of the cabin.
“Moon’s waxing full,” Jack said. “Should be like daylight with the night visors... Watch your step out there—no twisted ankles.”
Merrick acknowledged and helped Katie with her pack. “Where did you stow the pry-bar?”
Katie pointed to a corner cabinet. “First, let me help you with that pack,” she said.
The small relic excavator in Merrick’s pack was provided by Wes Freeman, the senior archaeologist. Resembling a sophisticated post hole digger, the device employed gravium plating and solid barrier technology to remove one cubic foot of earth at a time.
“Not much rain here lately,” Jack said. “Creek’s down a bit. You know what to look for, right?”
Merrick gave a nod. “Go ahead and deploy the ramp.”
Jack acknowledged and the ramp came down.
Pry-bar in hand, Merrick put his arm over Katie’s shoulder, touched his head to hers, and using his best piraty voice, said, “Aye...there be treasure, my pretty? What say ye? Shall we walk the plank?”
Katie laughed and they stepped out into the cool night air. “No more pirate movies for you, mister....”
They crossed the clearing without event. Then, passing through a narrow barrier of thicket, they entered the forest where the heavy evergreen canopy kept undergrowth to a minimum. Pine needles crunched softly under their weight as they headed off to the south.
“The trees...everything smells wonderful,” Katie said, “so rich.”
“Sure beats the sterile atmosphere upstairs, huh?”
“My word, yes. I could drown in this. Wouldn’t it be lovely to stay here overnight...a couple of hammocks and sleeping cocoons.”
“Like heaven,” Merrick said, holding a branch back for her, “as long as I’m with you.”
“How sweet,” said Katie, kissing his cheek as she walked past.
“All right you two,” Jack interrupted, “focus...you’re almost there.”
“What are all these spiny little balls?” Katie asked. “They look like seeds of some kind?”
“That’s right,” Merrick said, “I believe Adie calls them ‘pine’ something—‘pine pods’ I think.”
“Pine cones,” Jack corrected. “Good grief!”
“Anyway,” Katie said, “what’s that rustling sound up ahead?”
“Probably the waterfall,” Merrick said.
A rock protruding through the pine needles caught Katie’s foot, and she stumbled. Merrick’s quick reaction kept her upright.
“What happened?” asked Jack.
“She’s fine,” Merrick replied, “just a misstep.”
“I can’t overemphasize,” Jack reiterated. “Watch your footing. You’re not on the ship...no victims tonight!”
Merrick laughed. “Thanks, Jack. We’ll be more careful.”
After passing between two house-sized boulders, they started a slow descent to the stream and made their way to the base of the waterfall.
Merrick informed Jack of their arrival and removed his pack. Then, enlisting Katie’s help, he began to clear the site of branches and debris, soon locating Mr. Behr’s capstone. “Aye, me hearties...’X’ marks the spot.” He grinned at Katie. “Hand me that pry bar, and I’ll get this rock out of the way.”
Having cleared the obstacle, Merrick assembled the excavator and took a sensor reading. “Looks like the top of the container is a little over a foot down...shouldn’t take long.” He pressed an icon on the handle display, and the excavator’s blades quickly sank into the soil. At a depth of one foot, a solid barrier cut through the soil between the blade tips, sealing the dirt inside. With the press of another icon, the unit’s gravium plating lifted the cube of dirt from the ground. Merrick swung the unit aside, dismissed the barrier, and deposited the soil out of the way. Two more loads cleared enough soil to allow the removal of the strongbox, and Merrick informed Jack.
“Outstanding. Now, you folks need to head on back.”
“Just as soon as we tidy up a bit,” Merrick said, getting Katie’s attention. “Pass me a couple of those wipes we brought along, and I’ll clean this thing off.”
As he dipped a wipe into the stream, Katie took a moment to look around. It was then that she noticed movement along the bank downstream. A chill ran through her, and she slowly backed away.
“You all right,” Merrick asked, mildly curious.
“What’s that coming toward us?”
Merrick glanced at Katie and followed her gaze. Then, confirming movement, he stood to his feet and switched on his headlamp. “Jack, we have movement—five sets of eyes approaching from downstream, about a hundred feet out. Katie’s a little spooked.” After a brief silence, he added, “You know what? I’m a little spooked.”
Jack checked the satellite feed and located the creatures in question.
“Raccoons,” he laughed. “It’s a family of raccoons. Small mammals—not a threat.”
Katie and Merrick both breathed a sigh.
“Thanks, Jack,” Merrick said.
The raccoon family, a mother and four cubs, continued to approach.
“But aren’t they afraid of us?” Katie asked.
“Most animals are,” said Jack, “but according to the database, these little fellows can be somewhat unpredictable. I think if you just go about your business, they’ll probably do the same.”
Merrick finished cleaning the strongbox and began refilling the hole.
Much to Katie’s fascination, the raccoon family arrived at the pool’s edge and began flipping stones in search of food.
“Look at them,” Katie said. “Their little masks are so cute. I wish we could take one with us.” 
“Probably not a grand idea,” Jack interjected. “They’re not exactly domesticated. Anyway, don’t you think they’d be happier in their own surroundings?”
“Sweetheart, Jack has a point...probably ought to leave the little fellows alone. We don’t want to get Mama riled.”
“I know, but they’re so cute.”
———————
Upon liftoff, Merrick notified Doc Socal of their success and followed up with a call to Ari.
“How did it go?” Ari asked, trying not to grin.
Merrick hesitated. “Where’s Adie?”
“Sleep cycle.”
“Excellent. We have the strongbox.”
“Great! Everything intact?”
“Absolutely...the box was rubber sealed—kept everything airtight. It’s all in remarkable condition, considering the circumstances. The paperwork’s a little discolored, but nothing we can’t fix. We’re going for Doc Socal now—should be back onboard in about four hours.”
“Listen, what you’ve done...it means a lot.”
“Don’t mention it,” Merrick said. “It was most enjoyable... We’ll come straight up to Adie’s quarters as soon as we’re back.”
———————
Not wishing to miss their arrival, Ari took an early sleep cycle.
Adie had just started preparing breakfast when he entered with a cart full of food.
“Morning, sweetie. I picked up a few things from the ships stores. Hope you don’t mind a little extra company for breakfast?”
“Why? Who’s coming?”
“Merrick’s just returned from the surface with your Dad and Jack. And Katie will be here.”
Ari’s use of the term “Dad” warmed Adie’s heart. “Sounds delightful,” she said, glancing at the cart. Good thing you brought that food. I was running a little low.”
A half-hour later, the crew was at the door. Adie broke away from her preparations to let them in. “Welcome back,” she said, hugging her father. “How was Siberia?”
Doc Socal smiled, basking in the affection. “A little cool for my liking. The team seemed to be in good spirits though.”
“Come have some breakfast,” Ari said, gesturing toward the bar. “We have plenty.”
“Sounds great,” Merrick said. “I’m famished!” He slipped Katie’s pack off his shoulder and set it down. The metallic clunk turned Adie’s head.
As everyone found a seat, Adie began ferrying food to the bar.
Doc Socal settled in beside Katie and gave her a gentle nudge. “How’s that ankle, young lady?”
Katie smiled. “I’ll survive.”
“Why? What happened?” Adie asked, bringing another plate.
“She stumbled on a rock,” Merrick said, as if rocks were a common hazard on the ship.
“A rock? Where?”
Merrick remained straight-faced. “Germany...why?”
“You went with them?” Adie asked, directing her words to Katie and then shifting to Doc Socal. “But I thought you were in Siberia.” She turned back to finish preparing the final plate.
Ari masked his amusement as Doc Socal continued to address Adie. “You know, I’ve been trying to think of something special to give you for your wedding day—something for the ceremony.”
Adie smiled. “You shouldn’t trouble yourself over that. As long as you’re there—that’s all I want.” She arranged the last of the orange slices on the plate. “So why were you in Germany?”
Doc Socal cleared his throat. “Oh, I sent them on a little treasure hunt,” he said, rolling three grapes off the bar and onto the kitchen floor.
“D-o-c...” Katie complained, confused by his behavior.
“How clumsy of me,” he said, alerting Adie. “I think a few of my grapes got away.”
Adie glanced back briefly. “I’ll get them... What kind of treasure hunt?”
As she stooped in pursuit of the errant grapes, Doc Socal carefully removed a small gold presentation case from a hip-pouch and placed it on Adie’s side of the bar.
Adie tossed the grapes into the disintegration chamber, then turned to see the gold case on the counter and everyone smiling. At that moment everything came together—the clunk of the backpack on the floor, the side-trip to Germany, the treasure hunt. She stood in stunned silence, staring at the small case.
Doc Socal reached out and nudged it in her direction. “Go ahead—open it.”
She slowly moved forward and lifted the lid. A miniature rainbow of vivid color met her gaze. It was the dove pendant, cleaned and polished to a high sheen. She took a quick breath and covered her mouth in disbelief, her glistening eye’s coming to rest on Doc Socal.
After a moment, Ari said, “Sweetheart, you need to breathe.”
“Put it on!” Katie said.
Adie walked around the bar and tugged Doc Socal off his stool, enclosing him in a warm embrace. “I never thought I would see it again. Thank you, Papa... Come help.” She glanced at Ari. “I need a mirror.”
Doc Socal reached for the pendant, and they all gathered in front of the main display. Then, with mirror mode on, Doc Socal did the honors, and Leah captured an image for Adie’s gallery.
As they returned to the bar, Doc Socal diverted all credit for the recovery to Ari and the others, bothered that he got the hug, and they did all the work. After breakfast Merrick brought out the strongbox, and Adie laid out its contents on the bar. “My word! It’s so much more than I remember,” she said, sorting through the lavish jewelry and packets of loose gems.
Ari grinned. “Enough for a wedding dress and a couple of pianos?”
Somehow she had failed to draw the correlation. Eyes wide, she turned to Ari. “More than we’ll ever need.”
Among the gem certificates, Ari noticed a bound stack of bills, varying in size and obviously from different countries. “That money there...do you see any American currency?”
Adie removed the band securing the bills and spread them out on the bar. “Here...and here!” she exclaimed, finding several green bills and counting them. “One hundred and seventy dollars.”
“How fortuitous,” Merrick said, putting his arm around Katie.
Appearing relieved, Ari glanced at Jack. “Looks like we won’t need that pawn shop after all.”

Chapter 30
Adie had been fourteen days aboard when the shopping proposal came to a vote. Having already earned the respect and admiration of the council, it took little more than Ari’s wholehearted support and Jack’s positive risk assessment to win them over. In the end, the council’s consensus was that Adie’s arrival had fundamentally altered the status quo, and though this by no means justified “formal contact,” it did open the door for a closer encounter with the civilization below.
Bearing a wish list ranging from lab rats to concert pianos, Adie’s first excursion promised no shortage of challenges.
———————
In the days leading up to her departure, Adie and her support team worked to consolidate their plan.
It was clear from the outset that any successful outcome hinged on Adie’s ability to convert gems into cash, making her father’s old colleague, Mr. Braunstein, the linchpin. As such, it would be Adie’s challenge to reestablish family ties and win his confidence without revealing the true nature of their mission.
On the day of the launch, Adie slept until noon, hoping to ease the five-hour adjustment to Eastern Standard Time.
Lunch with Katie centered on their itinerary and agenda, followed by a review of New York fashion for ideas to help them blend with the population.
They dressed in Adie’s quarters, then descended to Deck 8 to meet with Crewman Hill, horticulturist, and the ship’s unofficial hair stylist.
Two hours later they arrived at the med bay where Ari fitted them with in-ear com-links. Jack was on hand to brief Adie on the device, and after a quick operational check, they were all off to the launch bay.
———————
“Interesting hair,” Merrick said, wrapping up his preflight, “though I must say, you two do look the part.”
“Going to miss me?” Katie asked.
“Terribly...sure you don’t need a bodyguard?”
“Not to worry,” Ari said, arm around Adie, “She’s in good hands.”
Merrick eyed Adie’s oversized handbag with amusement. “Big shopping day?”
“You have no idea,” she said, lifting the flap to expose the contents and then frowning. “You know what?” she said, turning to Katie. “All these diamonds...we should probably keep this closed.” She removed the cash and passed it to Katie. “Why don’t you carry this?”
“Good thinking,” Merrick said. “Of course, you’ll have the secure container once you’re in the hotel room.”
———————
Ari had seen the need for safe storage early on and submitted a request to the ship’s fabrication section. The result: a small collapsible equipment bag with a gravium floor, impenetrable casing, and DNA access.
———————
“Now that you mention it, how heavy should I set it?” Katie asked.
“Oh, five hundred pounds or so should do.” Merrick said.
“So everything’s on board?”
“Yes. We’re just waiting on our biologist...and behold...as I speak.”
Loaded down with an overstuffed pack, Neil Bradbury stepped out of the lift, wavered briefly under the load and made his way in their direction. “Sorry to keep ya waitin,’” he said in an elevated voice. “Had a few last-minute additions.”
Ari stepped forward to assist. “Don’t you believe in gravium?”
“That’s all right, Doc,” Neil said, waving him off. “I’m dandy.” He readjusted his load and ascended the ramp.
Ari held Adie back while the others followed Neil into the cabin. “I guess this is my cue.” He pulled her close and tenderly kissed her forehead. “I already miss you.”
Adie responded with a long passionate kiss, then backed away to look him in the eye. “Two days and I’ll be back in your arms. That, my love, is a promise.”
“You’re going to wear your ring, right?”
“Why?” she grinned. “You afraid I’ll attract admirers?”
Ari turned her around and pointed her up the ramp, giving her bottom a gentle pat to send her on her way.
At the cabin entrance she turned with a smile and silently mouthed the words, “Naughty boy.”
———————
The trip to the surface was anything but boring, as Dr. Bradbury, a natural comedian and want-to-be magician, kept everyone entertained with his endless humor and slight-of-hand. Merrick’s plan called for delivering the two women first, then ferrying the biologist on to his destination in northern Canada.
———————
With optical camouflage engaged and a dim red glow filling the cabin, Merrick eased the Sparrow onto its final vector, heading south over portions of the Hudson River on a direct path to the Waldorf Astoria.
One mile out he extinguished cabin lighting altogether and cleared the windscreen to reveal a dazzling cityscape. “Mercy, what a sight!”
Seated to his right in the command seat, Dr. Bradbury acknowledged and glanced back at Adie. “You two try not to have too much fun, now.”
Adie returned a grin and looked at an uneasy Katie. “What is it?” she asked.
“Nothing...,” Katie replied, “nerves, I guess.”
“Half-mile out!” Merrick warned. “What’s our status, Jack?”
Hearing his name, Jack broke off with the controller. “Roof is clear...staircase to the service elevators is...empty. Just two flights down and you’re there.”
Katie’s anxiety continued to rise, causing a tingling and slight tremor in both hands. She tried in vain to shake it off.
“Local time is 2135,” Jack continued, “weather’s overcast and 67 degrees. Wind’s are southwest, gusting to 20. That’s fairly stout, ladies, so watch yourself on the ramp. The roof entrance should be off to your left.
“Now, when you reach the service elevators, wait, and I’ll tell you which one to use. Remember, I’m here for you. Just say my name if you need me, and the channel will open. As agreed, we will not be monitoring you in your hotel room. Otherwise, I’ll be feeding you information as necessary.”
The Sparrow covered the last hundred yards and settled into position above one of many roof obstacles. Merrick made a final adjustment to ensure the ramp would contact the roof, then locked the craft in a hover. “That’s it, we’re in position.” He masked the windscreen and returned the cabin to a dim red glow.
The two women rose from their seats and moved aft to gather their gear. Katie was so frazzled that Merrick’s well-wishing went completely unnoticed. She stood at the exit in a daze, waiting for the ramp. When it failed to deploy, her focus returned, and she glanced back at the cockpit to see Merrick grinning.
“No huggy...no kissy—no rampy,” he teased.
Astonished at her oversight, Katie dropped her bag and moved quickly to meet him. He rose from his seat, and she threw her arms around him, apologizing.
Merrick laughed and kissed her tenderly. “Jack says he’ll patch Ari and me through to you guys tomorrow night.”
Katie smiled and gave him a parting hug before rejoining Adie.
“...Men! Honestly!” Adie complained, shaking her head.
Receiving the final go-ahead from Jack, Merrick turned to address the women. “All right, I’m going to kill the lights and drop the ramp. Remember the wind, and watch your step.“
Katie raised her hand and waved goodbye with her fingertips.
”Have a good time,” Merrick said, returning the gesture. “See you in two days.”
The ramp deployed, breaking the calm serenity of the cabin and exposing the women to an onslaught of light, sound, and curious smells. The buffeting wind did little to dampen the noise from the traffic below.
Once on the roof, they moved quickly to the entryway. There Adie gave the handle a tug...but no response...the door just jiggled on its frame. Blood pressure rising, she tried again without success.
“Jack, the door is stuck,” she fretted. “I think it’s locked.”
Merrick swiveled toward Jack, who responded with a shrug. “Tell me what it’s doing,” he said to Adie.
“It seems loose, but it just won’t open.”
Jack considered for a moment and said, “Adie, try grabbing the handle and pressing the door toward its hinges before you pull.”
Adie complied and pulled hard. The door swung open unimpeded, sending her backwards into Katie, whose quick reaction kept them both upright.
“What happened,” Jack asked, hearing Adie’s apology. “‘Sorry’ for what?”
“Nothing, Jack,” Katie replied with a nervous laugh. “We’re in.”
As the Sparrow lifted into the night sky, Adie quietly closed the door behind them. Then, finding the stairway, they descended two floors and, following Jack’s directions, entered the service elevator alcove.
“The first elevator on your right,” Jack said. “It’s at the forty-second floor and empty.”
Adie punched the button.
Two minutes later, the door opened and they stepped in.
“Go down to the fifth floor,” Jack said. “Stay there until I can clear you the rest of the way.”
The wait was brief, and they soon found themselves on the ground floor.
Leaving the service elevator, they made their way along a short hallway, then turned and walked through the main elevator vestibule into the lobby.
The room was grand and luxurious. Three well-dressed gentlemen sat in a lounge area to the right enjoying their pipes and the company of a young woman. To Adie’s left, an elderly couple waited as an attendant saw to their luggage. Over a dozen others populated the room, too involved in conversation or the daily paper to notice the new faces in their midst.
Seeing a hotel clerk unoccupied, Adie nudged her friend toward the front desk. They checked in for three nights, paying in advance for a small suite on the thirty-fourth floor—$23.10 a night.
When the clerk offered to call a bellhop, Adie declined, saying they were traveling light and could easily manage.
They walked to the elevators where a white-gloved operator stood waiting.
“And where can I take you ladies this fine evening?”
“Thirty-four, please,” Adie said, stepping in.
“Thirty-four it is,” the operator responded, pressing the button. “And what brings you to our fair city?”
“Shopping,” Adie replied, smiling.
“Ah, then you have come to the right place.”
Adie took the opportunity to ask for the location of a nearby dress shop.
The operator gave a nod. “Across the street from the front entrance and to the left, about a half block down.”
The elevator came to a halt, and the door slid open. “Well, here we are,” the operator said, checking the number on their key. “You’re just down the hall to the right.”
Nearing their room, Katie said, “We’ve used almost half our money already. Will we have enough?”
Adie unlocked the door to let them in. “Oh yes, plenty,” she said, ignoring the nervous jitter in Katie’s voice. “All we need to—Oh my, isn’t this lovely?”
The living room was richly appointed—an art deco motif with couch, coffee table, two lounge chairs, and a roll top desk. A small marble-top table separated the chairs, with a full-length mirror just behind. Floor lamps and wall sconces lit the room, and ornate carpeting covered the floor. Lavish artwork and burgundy drapery gave the space a feeling of royalty.
Katie set her things down and began to explore, running her fingers along hand-carved woodwork and woven fabric. “It’s been so long,” she said. “This is all so beautiful.”
Entering the bedroom, Adie set her handbag on the dresser and laid down on one of two double beds, breathing a loud sigh.
“You were saying about the money?” Katie mentioned, walking into the bathroom.
“We’re fine,” Adie replied, “all we need is enough for breakfast and a change of clothes. Then I’ll just ask Mr. Braunstein for an advance on the jewels, and we’ll be set.”
“This Mr. Braunstein of yours, how will you explain our presence—what we’re doing here?”
“No worries. Ari and I discussed it. We’ll pose as buyers for a foreign research company. That should explain the long shopping list...
“Not to change the subject, but what about your sleep cycle? Do you think you can sleep in for a few days?”
Katie pulled the drapes back and took in the view. “I was already planning on it,” she said, starting to frown. “Of course, you know I can’t read English.”
“Oh, that’s okay. I’ll cover for you.”
The two women continued talking for some time before turning in.
Then, some hours later, Adie woke to see Katie standing at the window, looking out. “Can’t you sleep?”
Katie turned. “Sorry...still a little nervous, I guess.”
“Why?”
“It’s just...well, there are aliens down there—everywhere—aliens capable of violence.”
Adie giggled. “You’re the alien, silly. Anyway, what about the rescue? Wasn’t that a lot scarier with all the shooting and everything?”
“...I’m no hero,” Katie said with a quivering voice. “I was scared then, and I’m scared now.”
“Well, one thing’s for sure: We both need sleep,” Adie said, lifting her sheet. “Come here, you.”
Katie hesitated briefly, then shyly walked around her bed and laid down beside Adie. “Are you sure? Won’t I keep you awake?”
Feeling Katie’s trembling, Adie rolled onto her side and pulled her close, rubbing her back. “You’re a case...you know that? We’re going to be just fine. Besides, everything always looks rosy after a good night’s sleep. You’ll see.”
“Rosy?”
“You know...cheery.”
“Oh....”
———————
At breakfast the following morning, Adie opted for a booth at the back of the restaurant, hoping to remain inconspicuous. She ordered coffee, a plate of fruit, and four muffins—two blueberry and two cinnamon. Katie found the fruit surprisingly palatable. The muffins, however, were spectacular, and with the addition of a little butter, Katie’s groans of praise soon drew Adie’s attention and a word of caution.
They continued to talk over coffee until the stores across the street began to open, then paid their bill and walked outside. A bellhop hailed them a cab.
It was a dreary day. The scent of freshly baked pastries hung in the air. Steam rose from a half dozen sidewalk vents as Adie cast her gaze down Park Avenue in the direction of the dress shop. Between the chaotic sound of traffic and the bustle of passersby, Katie couldn’t have felt more out of place.
The bellhop opened the cab door, and they slipped in. Having learned the name of the dress shop from their waiter, Adie gave instructions to the cabbie and offered a generous tip if he would wait for them at the shop. Her conscientious planning earned a word of praise from Jack, for which she returned a discrete “Thank you.”
A half-hour later, they were back in their room, changing.
“Jack, are you there?” Adie said.
“I am. What’s on your mind?”
“We’ll be leaving in a few minutes, and I’ll need the address for Mr. Braunstein’s store.”
“Shouldn’t be necessary,” Jack said. “Just tell the driver, ‘Braunstein Jewelers.’ You’re not far from the diamond district, and that business is one of the largest on the block.”
Twenty minutes later, they were back in a cab and en route to their destination.
“These clothes,” Katie said, “they may not fit as well as the others, but they do have redeeming qualities—more airy and cool, I think.”
Adie gave an affirming nod. “Oh, yes...the wonders of cotton.”

Chapter 31
Talia Braunstein reluctantly lifted the handset and put a call through to the third floor.
“Yes, my angel,” came the patient response.
“Papa, I know I was not to interrupt, but I have a young woman here with her friend. She says she needs to see you.”
“And what is the name, my dear?” Mr. Braunstein inquired, slightly distracted.
“Adie Behr.”
“But, my child, I do not know this Adie Behr, and right now I am sorting gems. I will be finished—Behr...did you say Behr? Could you mean Adina Behr?”
“Adina?” Talia asked, looking up at Adie. “Yes, Papa...Adina.”
The line went dead.
“Papa...? Papa...?”
“It’s okay,” Adie said with a confident smile, “he remembers me.”
Moments later, at the back of the room, the elevator gate rattled open, and Mr. Braunstein stepped out.
Surprised to see two rather tall women and failing to recognize Adie, he slowed his approach and joined his daughter behind the reception desk.
After studying the two women briefly, his attention settled on Adie. 
“So, my dear, you say your name is Adina?”
“Yes, Mr. Braunstein.”
“And your parent’s names are...?”
“Michael and—”
Mr. Braunstein raised both hands, tilted his head upward, and closed his eyes. “May God be praised,” he said loudly enough to turn heads all over the showroom. He moved quickly around the desk, framed Adie’s face in his hands, and tenderly kissed both cheeks. “I do believe you favor your mother,” he said, smiling warmly.
Talia’s eyes widened at her father’s emotional response. “Should I know her, Papa?”
“When you were very young, do you not remember the family out on the Island—the big house with all the stairs.”
Talia’s face lit up. “The one with two piano’s?”
“One and the same...”
“But they moved away.”
“Yes, my dear—to Germany.”
Talia turned to Adie. “I remember, and you had a baby brother.”
Adie gave a nod.
“Yes, my dear,” Mr. Braunstein said, looking at Adie with sympathy. “We learned of his death. Very sorry...yet were there not two others born later?“
“Yes, Mr. Braunstein,” Adie said, uneasy with the shift in conversation.
“And what of your parents and these little ones?” Mr. Braunstein asked. “We have heard nothing. Are they not here with you?”
Katie quietly moved forward and put her arm around Adie, whose eyes were beginning to fill.
“Perhaps I have misspoken,” Mr. Braunstein said, feeling regret and a twinge of foreboding.
As father and daughter listened in shock, Adie recounted her parents death and the sad demise of her brothers, speaking only briefly of her escape.
“Dreadful, how dreadful,” Mr. Braunstein said, deeply saddened. “I assure you, my dear, had I known, I would never—“
Adie reached out and touched his arm. “It’s all right. I would have told you, anyway.”
After a momentary silence, Mr. Braunstein glanced at Katie and then Adie. “Perhaps you can introduce us to your friend.”
———————
The third floor office was spacious and all business, with a musty scent that reminded Adie of her father’s library in Berlin. To Katie, the place seemed like some sort of ancient research laboratory, complete with optical instruments and a wide assortment of curious gadgetry. An executive desk near the center of the room was set at an off-angle to allow Mr. Braunstein the advantage of window light, which he sometimes found useful when examining gems.
He offered the two women a seat before settling in behind his desk. “And now, my dear, tell me...what is it that I can do for you?”
Adie glanced down at the burgundy cloth spread over the center of his desk. Small mounds of gems glistened in the morning sunlight which was streaming through the windows. “I can see you are busy,” she said, “and I am sorry to interrupt, but I feel you are the only person I can trust.”
“It is quite all right, my dear,” Mr. Braunstein said. “You may take your time.”
With a grateful nod, Adie said, “During the war, before we left Germany to live in Hungary, we stayed overnight at our cottage near Berlin. Papa brought all of the jewels with us, but he was afraid of being searched and losing them to the Germans. So before we left, he put the best gems and jewelry into a metal box and buried it not far from the cottage. He marked the spot and told me that if anything should ever happen to him and mama, I should bring everything to you...that you could help me.” Adie lifted and emptied the contents of her handbag on the end of the desk.
Mr. Braunstein stood to his feet, mouth agape, staring astonished at the heap of packets. 
“My dear, you should have come here first and told me,” he said with concern. “I would have sent for an armored truck.”
“But no one knew we had them,” Adie stated with confidence, “and we are here unharmed. Besides, I see you have a safe.”
Mr. Braunstein slowly shook his head. “Well, water under the bridge, I suppose.” He cleared a space on his desk. “Let us see what you have brought.” He began to lay out the gem packets, matching them to their corresponding certificates. “Excellent...oh yes, excellent...”
“Papa said they were the best of the best.”
“A fortune, my dear...of this there is no doubt. But what is this?” he said, lifting the last packet and rechecking the paperwork. “Do these have no papers?”
Confused, Adie shrugged and looked at Katie. “I thought I checked them all before we came.”
Again Mr. Braunstein went through the certificates. “He must not have graded these,” he said, pouring the six diamonds out on the desk and smiling. “Hello, my bright little friends.” He lifted one up for inspection. “Oh my, very nice.” The more he looked, the more interested he became. He slowly lowered his hands and with a confused expression, stared out the windows across the room. “I must have a closer look.” He picked up the remaining five diamonds, rose from his desk, and went in search of a microscope. The two women followed.
Sitting down at a workstation, he carefully mounted one of the stones onto the viewing stage and peered through the eyepiece, taking time for a thorough inspection. “Oy, gevalt!” he declared looking up at Adie. “Such a stone! I have never seen such a stone—four carets, I would say.” After inspecting the others he shook his head, amazed. “For my life, I cannot find a single flaw in any of them. Where on earth did he find these?”
As he returned to the eyepiece, Adie touched Katie’s arm, smiled, and pointed up, mouthing Ari’s name. “I wish I could help you,” she said to Mr. Braunstein.
He slowly rose from the microscope in thought, and they returned to his desk.
“Do I assume correctly? Is it your wish to sell all of these gems?”
“It is,” Adie replied, “but I’m afraid our time is limited. Can they be sold by this time next week?”
Mr. Braunstein considered and gave a hesitant nod. “It is possible. A few buyers are in town... Of course you understand, what you have here is worth a fortune. The graded stones are spectacular, to be sure, but these...,” he said, referring to the six ungraded diamonds, “these are in a class of their own. Indeed, once I grade them, they may well be worth as much as the whole lot. However, my dear, with a rushed sale, we cannot expect top dollar.”
Adie gave a nod. “Whatever they bring, I’m afraid we will need it in cash.”
“A little more complicated, my dear, but it can be done. Where are you staying?”
“The Waldorf Astoria.”
“Ah...excellent. They have a good safe. Believe me, after this transaction, you will need one.”
“I understand.”
“And how are you set for cash, now? Customs must have cost you a fortune.”
Adie offered a pained smile. “I’m afraid we have very little money left.”
Again Mr. Braunstein rose from his desk, this time heading to the safe at the back of his office. “I will give you an advance. Is one thousand dollars sufficient?”
“Yes, Mr. Braunstein, more than enough.”
He withdrew a tightly bound stack of bills, closed the safe, and returned, placing the money on the desk before Adie.
“Mr. Braunstein, I can’t tell you how much we appreciate this.”
“Not another word...it is the least I can do.”
After a brief silence, Adie said, “There is one other thing...I was hoping you could point us in the right direction.”
“And what is that, my dear?”
“You see, Katie and I work for a rather large research group, Marcova United, and we’re here in town to make a number of purchases. Unfortunately, we must leave tomorrow evening on other business and won’t be back until next Wednesday. With such a short time in the city and several things to shop for, we were hoping you might suggest some reliable people to act as buyers and delivery men.”
After a moment’s contemplation, Mr. Braunstein’s expression brightened. “As a matter of fact, you may be in luck. Many young men are home from college for the summer and seek work. My two sons arrived only a few days ago. I will mention it.”
“Oh, that would be wonderful,” Adie said, glancing at Katie and back at Mr. Braunstein. “We are renting a small warehouse out on Long Island to hold these things until our shipper arrives, so we will also need a security man. Of course, these men will be well paid.”
Sensing an end to the conversation, Mr. Braunstein rose from his desk. “I will see what I can do and call you at the hotel this evening.” He walked the two women to the back of the room and summoned the elevator. “So how long have you been in the country?” he asked them.
“Since yesterday,” Adie said.
“And how did you come, by boat, or did you fly?”
Adie glanced at her friend and smiled. “We flew,” they said in close succession.
Mr. Braunstein followed them into the elevator and pressed the button for the ground floor. “Terrible, this thing in Israel...I pray for our brothers in arms.”
“Yes, I fear many people are losing their lives,” Adie said. “But Israel is strong. We must trust that God will deliver them.”
“Amen to that, my dear...amen.”
The elevator came to a stop, and they stepped out.
“Before we leave,” Adie said, “would you mind if we look at your watches?”
Mr. Braunstein noticed their bare wrists and motioned to his daughter.
Talia broke away from a customer and approached. 
“My dear, please show Adina and her friend our collection of watches.”
As Talia acknowledged and led them away, her father added, “You are to give them whatever they wish...and at no charge.”
Hiding her surprise, Talia gave an obedient nod.
“We couldn’t possibly...,” Adie protested.
“Yet, I insist,” he said, hurrying them along with a gesture.
———————
“This timepiece is really pretty, Katie said, sliding into the cab beside Adie. It looks ancient, yet new...very nice.”
“The Waldorf Astoria,” Adie said to the cabbie, then lowered her voice to speak with ops.
“Jack...”
“...Yes, Adie.”
“When we get back to the hotel, we’ll need the phone number for the warehouse.”
“Just let me know,” Jack said. “By the way, Dr. Hayden has made a request.”
“Oh?”
“She has asked that you bring back a small container of discarded cigarettes.”
“Really?”
“I know...doesn’t seem very appetizing, does it? However, she says they are a reliable source of human DNA. I checked, and you can find them in receptacles on every floor, next to the elevator. She says she’d be grateful.”
“Tell her it’s as good as done.”
After lunch at the hotel, the two women stopped by the front desk and made arrangements for a safety deposit box, then returned to their room.
“Jack, are you there?” Adie said, walking through the door.
“A minute please,” Jack replied. “I’m not at my console.”
“We just need the phone number for the warehouse.”
———————
“Roslyn Rentals, Shep speaking.”
“Yes, this is Adie Behr, and I am calling about the warehouse outside of town.”
“And which one would that be? We have three.”
“It’s a small one—back in the woods.”
“Ah, yes...the old Russell machine shop.”
“It’s not a warehouse?”
“It’s empty now. They cleared out a few years back.”
“Well, I’d like to rent it for a month if that’s okay?”
“Sorry, ma’am, six month’s minimum, and that’s with a security deposit and a months rent, up front.”
“How much would that cost?”
“A hundred and forty-five a month...that’s...let’s see...two-ninety up front, and...eight-seventy total. Does that sound reasonable?”
“That would be fine. Can I meet with you tomorrow, say around noon, to sign the papers?”
“Be glad to. What say I buy you lunch, and we’ll discuss the particulars.”
“That’s very nice, but my friend will be with me.”
“Oh, I think I can spring for two meals...Roslyn Diner, then—around noon.”
“Sorry, I’m afraid we’re not familiar with Roslyn.”
“Ah. Diner’s on the south side of town—Main Street. You can’t miss it. I’ll be wearing a Yankee’s cap.”
“We’ll be there.”
Adie returned the phone to its receiver and glanced at her watch. “Time to go look at pianos...and let’s not forget about the wedding gowns.”
Katie picked up her purse. “This is so exciting!” she said, opening the door.
They made the short walk to the elevator and Adie pressed the button. “So, how would you like to go to a show next week?”
“You mean, like a movie?” Katie asked.
“Yes, except with live actors. You know...the theater,” Adie explained with a grand gesture, “a play.”
“Oh, how wonderful! Of course I would!”
“Well, I think I saw a ticket office down in the lobby. We’ll stop by on our way out.”

Chapter 32
The cab pulled to the curb at Steinway Hall, and the two women got out.
The structure was solid and impressive with a massive limestone façade and a stunning base relief sculpture atop the entrance.
“How magnificent!” Katie remarked as they walked to the door.
They found the building interior equally impressive, with its high domed ceiling, marble accents, and many portraits of renowned musicians.
“Isn’t this something?” Adie said, scanning the spacious rotunda.
A middle-aged gentleman in a blue pinstriped shirt and tie approached. “I am very sorry ladies. It appears our sales representatives are helping others. May I be of service?” he said, extending his hand. “I am John Cohen. I tune the instruments here at Steinway.”
“Thank you,” Adie said, introducing herself and Katie. “We’re from out of town and would like very much to see your pianos.”
“Ah...well, perhaps we should start with the ‘Piano Bank,’” he said, gesturing toward the stairway. “That is on the lower floor.”
———————
“Oh my, these are lovely, Adie said, looking down the long row of grand pianos.”
“Would you like to try a few?”
“Oh, yes, if you don’t mind.”
As Adie sat and commenced playing one of her old favorites, Katie settled in beside her, completely absorbed in the richly textured tones flowing from the instrument. A minute more and Adie stopped mid-song, staring down at the keys in awe.
“I see you are no stranger to the piano,” Mr. Cohen observed.
“This is like heaven,” Adie said. “It’s been so long....”
“Now that I hear you play,” said Mr. Cohen, moving to another piano, “You may find this one suits you better.”
Sensing that Adie might be a while, and attracted by the artwork on the walls, Katie decided to take a stroll.
Partway around the room, as she walked past a double door, two men stepped out—one in coat and tie, the other in a turtleneck and dinner jacket. Startled and taken by Katie’s height and fair complexion, the man in the dinner jacket smiled and said, “My word, aren’t you a tall drink of water...”
“Sorry, young lady,” the other man added, as if to cover the offhand comment. “We didn’t realize—”
“It’s all right,” Katie graciously replied. “I wasn’t paying attention.”
The two men gave a nod and stepped into a nearby office.
Some minutes later, Katie returned to find Adie trying a third piano, with Mr. Cohen looking over her shoulder. “Find one you like?” Katie asked.
Adie continued playing, face aglow. “I love them all. Each one seems to have its own personality,” she said and stopped playing. “That second one over there was particularly nice.”
“Very observant,” Mr. Cohen said. “Actually, they do have their own personalities, and that is why they are here in the ‘Piano Bank.’ Some of the finest musicians in the country make this their first stop when they prepare for a concert.”
“Where do they perform?” Adie asked.
“Some in the auditorium, upstairs...others at Carnegie Hall or similar places.”
Adie turned and looked at Mr. Cohen. “And how does someone go about buying one of these?”
Mr. Cohen raised an eyebrow and scratched his head. “I think I may have misunderstood earlier...I thought you wanted a tour... I am afraid these are not for sale. They are strictly for loan, as I mentioned, to visiting musicians for local engagements. If you are interested in purchasing a Steinway, and in my opinion you could not do better, then we need to go back up to the main floor. However, before we do, I should speak with a sales representative. So, if you will excuse me—”
With Adie’s nod, Mr. Cohen turned and walked across the room, passing through another row of pianos and into a side room.
In his absence, Adie took the opportunity to play another piece—her own rendition of “Blue Moon.”
Jack, who had been monitoring their progress since their arrival, briefly shifted his attention to the conversation in the adjoining room. Of the two men speaking with Mr. Cohen, he quickly deduced that one was a salesman, and the other, some kind of celebrity.
Their dialogue was soon suspended as they found their attention drawn to the sweet melody coming through the open door. They strolled over for a look.
When the celebrity mentioned something to Mr. Cohen and the salesman, Jack came up in Adie’s earpiece. “Don’t look now, but I think you’re in for a little treat.”
“Uh-huh,” Adie said discreetly as she played on.
“Mind if I join you, young lady,” came a soft mellow voice from behind.
“Without missing a note, Adie glanced back briefly, flashed a smile, and slid left to make room.”
“Now you just keep playin’ there, darlin’, and I’ll add a little spice down here on the high side.”
Adie’s eyes widened as her music took on a whole new dimension—spirited and mesmerizing.
“And one more time,” the gentleman said.
Adie happily complied, and they went around once more. Then, at the conclusion, she struck her final note, and the gentleman added an impromptu featherlight ending, drawing applause from Katie and the others.
“Nice piece...yes, indeed,” the gentleman said, “and nicely played. I do like your style.”
“But what you did made it so much better,” Adie countered, giving him a brief glance and then another. “I’m sorry, but you look...wait...that movie...the one about the war hero... ‘The Best—’ something.”
“...Years of Our Lives? That’s me,” he said, shaking her hand, “Hoagy Carmichael...a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Miss—“
Adie worked to contain her excitement. “Behr...Adie Behr, and this is my friend, Miss Katie Warren.”
He offered Katie his hand. “Ladies, I sure would like to stay and talk, but it seems I need to see a gentleman about a piano,” he said, pointing a thumb back at the Steinway representative. “You enjoy your stay, you hear? These are good folks.”
Adie watched in disbelief as the two men walked away. “There’s one for the grandchildren,” she said, glancing back at the other two. “My word, that man can play.”
“You are not so bad yourself,” Mr. Cohen added. “So, are you two ready for a look upstairs?”
———————
Behind the grand entry rotunda was a long hallway lined with piano rooms on both sides. Each of these “warerooms” offered customers a distraction-free environment to evaluate the merits of the various Steinway models.
“Before we begin,” Mr. Cohen said, “it would be helpful to know something of where the piano is to be played—the room size, for instance.”
Adie smiled. “Actually, we are looking for two.”
“Pianos?” Mr. Cohen said, trying to read the women’s expressions. “I see. Then perhaps we should consider them one at a time... Will they be situated in two separate rooms?”
“Yes, one is a rather large living room,” Adie said, looking at Katie. “Do you know how big?”
Katie considered and said, “Maybe half the size of the room downstairs. The other is a hall, at least twice that size.”
“...of the room downstairs?” Mr. Cohen asked.
“Yes.”
“Ah. Very helpful...the smaller space first, then.” He led them down the hall. “To fill a room of that size with sound, I would recommend a Model B. I believe we have six on the floor,” he said, showing them into a room, “these five here and one other.”  
Adie methodically went about testing the candidates, playing the same music on each instrument. After trying the last, she said, “These are all very nice...you spoke of another?
“I most certainly did...not a new instrument, but very special and completely restored by our craftsmen here at Steinway. We keep it in a smaller room just down the hall, though I am afraid it has proven a little expensive for most tastes.”
Mr. Cohen walked them to the room.
“Oh my, isn’t that lovely?” Adie said. “May I?”
“Please do,” Mr. Cohen said. “I believe you will find it has quite a unique personality.”
The one-of-a-kind Queen Anne Art Case was an exquisite example of veneer craftsmanship, featuring herringbone and starburst inlay patterns of tulipwood trimmed with mahogany—this plus beautifully hand carved legs with ornate bronze fittings.
After playing halfway through her second piece, Adie stopped abruptly and looked down at the keys. “I love this piano,” she said, and quietly repeated the words.
“From what I understand,” said Mr. Cohen, “it was built in 1927 for a rather well-to-do gentleman on Park Avenue. Then we bought it back a few years ago when he passed away...and here it has remained.”
“You mentioned it was expensive...how expensive?”
“Well, most Model B’s, like those you tried in the other room, sell for a little under forty-five hundred dollars. For this one, I believe the price is fifteen thousand.”
Adie cringed internally, wondering what the diamonds might bring.
“Buy it!” Jack said, causing her to flinch. “I’ll explain later.”
She looked up and exchanged smiles with Katie.
“I see,” Adie said thoughtfully. “And what would you recommend for our other room?”
“Definitely a Model D—our Concert Grand...an incredibly powerful instrument. It should handle your larger space without sound reinforcement—no microphones required. We have two or three just across the hall—not unlike those you tried downstairs.”
Adie completed her test of the Queen Anne before following Mr. Cohen to the other room. Then, after giving the larger instruments a thorough going over, she made her choice. “So...for both pianos, what can I expect to pay?”
“And which Model B are we talking about?” Mr. Cohen asked.
“Oh...the very nice one in the other room.”
Mr. Cohen’s cheeks flushed slightly. “Truly, Miss Behr...are you serious?”
“Very...though we should discuss a few things.”
He escorted them to an office at the end of the hallway, and appearing a little self-conscious, he settled in behind a sales desk. “You ladies will have to bear with me. I am not a salesman.”
Adie acknowledged with a smile, and he made a few quick calculations.
“Miss Behr, I believe we are looking at twenty-one thousand, nine hundred dollars. He set the pencil down and studied Adie’s expression.”
“I wonder what Jack would say?” Katie hinted.
“Buy them both!” Jack prompted. “And don’t give it a second thought.”
A grey-haired salesman walked into the office and offered his customer a chair.
“That will be fine,” Adie said of the price. “And we will pay in cash...only, the money will not be available until next Wednesday, if that’s all right. Also, I will need a complete set of tuning tools.”
Mr. Cohen excused himself and approached his elderly colleague, taking a moment to explain his temporary recruitment into sales, Adie’s intentions, and his feelings of inadequacy.
With a lighthearted laugh, his colleague said, “You are doing fine. Just take down all the details, and when I finish here with Mr. Blanscet, I will have a look.”
“But I do not feel right about taking your commission,” Mr. Cohen said.
“My friend, you have just sold two fine pianos to these lovely ladies. The commission is yours. As to holding the pianos for a week, a small deposit will suffice, say, two hundred dollars...and no charge for the tuning kit.”
Mr. Cohen expressed his gratitude and passed the news to Adie.
“Are you sure about the tools?” Adie said, reaching into her handbag.
“Compliments of Steinway,” Mr. Cohen replied. “And where should we deliver the instruments?”
“We are renting a small warehouse on Long Island, about forty-five minutes from here.”
Jack piped up in Adie’s ear. “Tell him to put the shipping crates on short legs,” he instructed, “maybe a foot long, for lifting.”
Adie relayed Jack’s request to Mr. Cohen and provided the warehouse address.
“The wedding dresses...” Katie broke in. “We need to order our gowns.”
“My word,” Mr. Cohen said. “Pianos and wedding dresses on the same day. How exciting!”
A broad smile formed on Adie’s face. “You wouldn’t have any suggestions as to where to shop for a gown, would you?”
“You might try Bloomingdale’s,” he suggested, “about a half-hour away this time of day, though I think you would find it worth the journey.”
———————
En route to Bloomingdale’s, Katie remained conspicuously quiet, enough so to raise Adie’s curiosity. “What are you thinking?” she asked.
Katie’s answer was delayed. “Downstairs at that place, while you were trying the pianos, I almost bumped into two men coming out of another room. One of them said something to me.”
“Oh?”
“Something like, ‘Aren’t you a tall drink of water...’ The way the other man acted, I think it might have been an insult, though the man who said it didn’t seem angry.”
Adie laughed. “Hardly an insult...more like a very nice compliment, I’d say—a little unusual though. What he meant was, ‘Aren’t you refreshing’...You know, like a cool glass of water on a hot day.”
“Oh,” Katie said with a hint of a smile.
“Say, Jack?” Adie said quietly.
“Yes, Adie.”
“My duet with Mr. Carmichael...were any movies made?”
Jack chuckled. “Which angle would you like?”
Adie began to grin. “Can I have a picture for my wall?”
———————
They walked into the upscale department store at just past four o’clock, and while Adie showed every sign of a woman on a mission, Katie was anything but—distracted by the many luxurious displays and interesting merchandise, particularly the perfume counter with all of its exotic fragrances.
“Come on, you,” Adie prodded with a tug. “Wedding dresses...remember? We can stop here on our way out.”
The fitting process moved more quickly than expected. Because the event was to be a double wedding, the women selected similar designs—elegant white gowns with floor-length veils. And though the rush order caused the seamstress some consternation, Adie quickly smoothed things over with a generous tip. Then, when they sat down to finalize the agreement, Adie paused, looking pensively at Katie.
“What is it?” Katie asked.
“The theater next week...we’ll need gowns.” Slightly embarrassed, Adie shifted her attention to the seamstress. “Would it be terribly inconvenient to add to our order?”
The seamstress offered an uneasy smile and motioned for her attendant to bring a catalog.
After a careful review of the sketches, Katie chose first, pointing to a strapless full-length design—blue velvet accented in silver.
Adie selected a similar style in black with intricate gold lace.
“The right necklace, and those should look fabulous,” the attendant said.
Adie completed the order and left a deposit. Then they moved on to the perfume counter where they picked out several samples for consideration.
———————
Though they were back at the Waldorf by six thirty, they delayed dinner to await Mr. Braunstein’s call.
The phone rang shortly after seven.
“Hello...”
“Hello, is this Adina?”
“Yes, Mr. Braunstein, we’ve been waiting for your call.”
“Has your day gone well?”
“We had a wonderful day, thank you.”
“Well, my dear, I have some good news.”
“Oh?”
“Concerning your gems...I have contacted five dealers, two as far away as Buffalo and Boston. I have arranged a private auction for next Tuesday, and all are prepared for a cash transaction.”
“How wonderful!”
“Yes, I was most pleased. Also, one of these men, a close friend, stopped by this afternoon for a look... I hope it is all right, my dear. I took the opportunity to generate some ready cash for you.”
“Quite all right,” Adie said.
“After an inventory of your gems, I set aside two packets which were not quite up to the standard of the others, though still very impressive. These I offered for sale to my friend, and as I expected, they brought a good price—nine thousand four hundred dollars.”
“Really?”
“Yes, and I will send the cash over with Avram tomorrow.”
“Thank you...and are your sons able to help?”
“As it happens, my boys were happy to hear of your offer and have since spoken with a few of their classmates. Even Talia wishes to help—in her spare time, of course. They are all prepared to meet with you tomorrow. What time is good, my dear?”
“Six o’clock tomorrow evening? Is that all right?”
“At the hotel?”
“Oh, yes.”
“I will tell Avram.”
“We will meet them in the lobby—and dinner is on me.”
———————
Following the phone call, the two women went down to the restaurant for a late but sumptuous meal, then retired for the evening.
Before bed, Adie took a seat at the desk and pulled out several sheets of hotel stationary.
“What are you doing?” Katie asked.
“I need to take some notes for the meeting tomorrow evening...you know, the shopping list and things. Maybe Jack can help.”
“Not necessary,” Katie said, going into the bedroom. “My tablet has everything.”
“But I don’t understand,” Adie said, raising her voice to be heard. “Wasn’t it risky bringing that with you?“
“No,” Katie called back, “the secure container, remember?” She returned and passed Adie the tablet. “Here, I switched it to English.”
“But how does this—“
“Oh, I’ll show you.”
As Adie began to transcribe the list, Katie relaxed on the couch, taking a moment to go through the perfume samples.
A short time later she opened one of the small glass tubes, took a whiff, and began to smile. “I think I found your perfume.”
Adie stopped writing and turned in her chair. “You’re kidding.”
Again Katie raised the vial to her nose. “No, this is definitely it,” she confirmed, walking to the desk.
Adie rubbed a dab into her wrist. “Well, I’ll be.” she said, checking the inscription on the tube. “‘Chanel N°5,’ I’ll have to tell Ari when we talk tonight.”

Chapter 33
The next morning after breakfast, they stopped by the front desk and prepaid their room through the end of the following week. Then it was back to Bloomingdale’s to further expand their wardrobes.
After an hour of shopping, they were back in the cab and heading out to Roslyn for the meeting with the warehouse agent.
———————
It was Tuesday, the first of June. A cool breeze was blowing in off the Atlantic. As they drove onto the Queensboro Bridge, Adie rolled down her window and gazed off downriver to the south. She took in a deep breath and closed her eyes, listening to the rhythmic whoosh—whoosh—whoosh of the girders as they passed.
“Lovely day, isn’t it?” observed Katie.
“Oh, yes,” Adie replied. “So, how was your talk with Merrick last night?”
“Most enjoyable. How about you?”
“Honestly, I had no idea I could miss someone this much.”
Katie returned a subtle nod. “I sure am looking forward to tonight.”
“So, will Merrick be our pilot?”
“Uh-huh,” Katie grinned.
“Hmmm...so, why am I so envious?”
“You never know. The doc may make it.”
Adie shook her head. “He’s working.”
———————
Shep was seated on the tailgate of his pickup enjoying the mid-day sun when the cab pulled up. The driver let the two women out and went to park.
Adie introduced herself and Katie, and they followed Shep into the diner.
To her relief, the lunch went better than expected, largely due to Shep’s amiable manner and his thorough explanation of the lease.
Afterwards he drove them out for a tour of the warehouse.
Adie took her time with the walkthrough, finding the structure nearly ideal. The only shortfall seemed to be the absence of functioning utilities, which Shep promptly agreed to resolve.
Then with nothing further to discuss, Adie signed the contract, made the payment, and took possession of the keys.
The trip back to the Waldorf was traffic-plagued and exhausting. Having spent three hours on the road, they opted for a short nap before bathing and dressing for dinner.
———————
Avram Braunstein and five others walked into the Waldorf’s main lobby at exactly six o’clock. All were well-dressed and businesslike.
Adie recognized Talia and gave Katie a nudge.
“Good evening, everyone,” she said, stepping forward. “My name is Adie Behr, and this is my friend, Katie Warren. So, which of you is Avram?”
“I am Avram,” one of the young men stated, as charmed as his companions with their prospective employers. He shook Adie’s hand and turned to introduce the others. “Of course, you know Talia... This is Jacob, my brother, and our friends, Ruben Engelman, Ben Greenwald, and Paul Bitner.”
Adie gave them a cordial nod. “Well, I sure hope you all came hungry,” she said, gesturing toward the restaurant.
While awaiting dinner, Adie set about describing her fictional research organization and laid out her proposal. Then she gave each of her guests the opportunity to tell of their work experience, schooling, and personal interests.
“So, let me see,” she summarized, looking around the table, “your futures involve accounting, the furniture business, nursing, transportation, biology, and electrical work...”
Heads began to nod.
“And do you all understand that this work is just for one week?”
“Yes, Miss Adie,” Avram said, answering for everyone.
“I’m sorry that Katie and I will not be here to help, though you all seem very capable, and frankly, I am encouraged.”
“We will do our best,” Avram said.
“But you haven’t seen my shopping list,” Adie grinned. “I’m afraid it’s quite extensive, and some items may be a little difficult to find.
“Avram, because you are the accountant, I would like you to oversee everything, especially the spending, if that’s all right.”
Avram acknowledged.
“You may assign people as you see fit. If you need more help, feel free to hire up to six others. Except for you, everyone will receive the same wage—three hundred dollars, with a bonus added for good results.”
A look of astonishment formed on their faces.
“This is most generous, Miss Adie,” Avram stated.
Smiling, Adie said, “Believe me, the challenge will justify the pay. This is not going to be easy. It will require planning and extra effort.” 
“We will do whatever is needed,” Avram promised.
“Would you be able to stay after dinner?” Adie asked Avram. “I have a few additional things to go over.”
As their food began to arrive, business dialogue faded, and the discussion took on a more lighthearted tone. Katie found the whole experience particularly stimulating, unaccustomed as she was to carefree conversation with an assembly of aliens.
Following dinner, the two women bid their company farewell and invited Avram up to their suite.
———————
“What an impressive place you have,” Avram said, looking around.
“We’ve enjoyed it,” Adie replied, offering him a seat and collecting her purchase list from the desk. “The hotel staff has been very kind.”
She passed Avram the list and pulled up a chair, giving him a moment to scan the first page.
“So...what do you think?”
Avram hesitated briefly and said, “These medical things, Talia can manage some, though she may need to call her pharmacist friend for the drug samples... And the lab animals—the mice and so on—maybe a university or one of the colleges can help. Of course, Jacob can handle the electronics—the television, radios, parts, and the like, but some of this, the artifacts, for example—”
“Yes...with those things, we have no idea what your buyer may find. I’m afraid we must simply rely on their judgment.”
“Artifacts can be quite expensive,” Avram cautioned.
“I understand...and we don’t mind if they buy some of the more valuable items, however they should keep you informed, as you will be managing the money.”
Avram continued down the list. “And how do we care for these animals?”
“The animals,” Adie said, thinking. “It might be best to hold off on delivering them until the last day.”
“And the plants?”
The question jogged Adie’s mind. “Good point. Whoever buys the plants and trees, they should think small—seedlings if possible. Everything must fit in two large trucks.”
“Moving vans?” Avram asked.
Adie found the term confusing.
“You know—the big ones, like they use to move all your household goods.”
“Oh, yes.”
“And how do we pay for all of this?”
Adie smiled. “Did your father happen to give you something for me?”
Sobered by the question, Avram felt at his chest pocket. “I almost forgot.” He reached in and removed a thick envelope.
“You should have over nine thousand dollars there.”
Avram paused, eyeing the envelope. “Father did not tell me.”
“I just need five hundred,” Adie said. “You can use the rest to get started on the list. I’m sure it won’t cover everything, so for the more expensive items, you may have to leave a deposit.”
“But, if this is not enough, what then is my budget?” he asked, counting out five one hundred dollar bills.
“Plan on up to fifty thousand dollars,” Adie said. “The rest of the money should be available next Wednesday.”
Astonished, Avram said, “And you trust me with this?”
Adie returned a warm smile. “Your father was one of my papa’s most trusted friends, and you are your father’s son... We appreciate your help.”
“Miss Adie, you honor me.”
Sensing an awkward moment, Adie said, “So who do you have in mind for the warehouse?”
“That would be Paul—Paul Bitner. He has some experience with this, and he lives out on the Island.”
“Perfect. Katie and I went out to look at the place earlier today. It seems to be in good condition.”
“Was there by any chance an office or a place for Paul to sleep?”
“Both, and I’m glad you brought that up. I think once the deliveries begin, he should probably be there around the clock...or possibly two people working in shifts.”
Avram paused for a moment in thought. “Paul will need to move things around. Did you happen to see a dolly or some kind of push cart?”
“None,” Adie said, “and now that you bring that up, if he needs to rent or buy anything, we will pay for it. That includes the others, too. Whatever they need—food, taxi fare, car or truck rentals, even hotel bills—these are all expenses we will pay. Oh! And tell Paul that Katie and I will be at the warehouse next Friday evening around eight o’clock. As soon as we arrive, he will be free to go. Our shipping people will be coming in later that evening.”
After a few final questions, Adie brought the discussion to a close and passed Avram a set of keys. “These two are for the warehouse, and this one is for your father. It goes to the safety deposit box downstairs.”
———————
As the door closed behind Avram, Katie checked her watch and glanced at Adie. “We’re due on the roof in forty-five minutes.”
Adie gave a nod. “We should pack our things,” she said on her way into the bedroom.
“Jack?” Katie said.
“I’m here,” Jack replied.
“Our pickup time...are we still looking at 2200?”
“Yep, we just lifted off with Doc Bradbury.”
“When you get close, we’ll need some guidance with the elevators.”
———————
After packing their bags, Katie rechecked her watch. “I think we have time. Why don’t we visit a few floors and collect DNA samples for Brooke?”
“Good idea,” Adie said. “I saw some small paper bags in the bathroom.”
———————
Upon returning to their room, they stowed the cigarette stubs, and with Jack’s guidance, took a service elevator to its highest point. Then, after climbing the final flights of stairs, they jimmied the access door and ventured out onto the roof.
“I don’t see them,” Adie said, using her enhanced vision.
“And you won’t until they drop the ramp,” Katie said. “They’re camouflaged.”
Moments later the ramp silently deployed, and they moved forward, guided by the dim red glow of the cabin interior.
Once safely aboard, Merrick closed and sealed the entryway behind them.
“Hail, O intrepid explorers!” he exclaimed, walking back to embrace Katie. “Enjoy your time among the aliens?”
Katie responded with an enthusiastic kiss.
“Be nice!” Adie complained, causing Dr. Bradbury to grin.
“I think Miss Adie is missin’ someone,” he said.
Merrick smiled at Dr. Bradbury. “Nothing a two-hour trip won’t cure.”
With the increased illumination, Katie became aware of a barrier shrouding the starboard rear portion of the cabin. “What’s that all about?”
“Specimen for Doc Socal,” Dr. Bradbury replied.
“Can we see?” Adie asked, thankful for the distraction.
“I suppose, but you may want to keep your distance.”
Merrick flashed a quick wink at Katie and dismissed the barrier.
Startled by Ari’s presence, Adie covered her mouth and walked forward into his arms. “You came....”
Ari gently pressed her head to his chest. “Sweetheart, I could be nowhere else.”

Chapter 34
Adie arrived back at the ship completely exhausted. Then, after what seemed a scant five hours of sleep, she showered, dressed, and accompanied Ari and Katie to a special gathering of the senior council. There she provided the group with a progress report and laid out her agenda for the second and final mission.
In the days leading up to their departure, ops held a number of meetings, twice calling on Mrs. Lakeland’s planning expertise to resolve logistics issues. Meanwhile, Jack had assigned several ops personal to track Mr. Braunstein and Adie’s buyers while he continued his search for Colonel Bogie.
At noon on the day they were to leave, Jack stopped by Adie’s quarters with an update.
“We’ve got lunch on,” Ari said, showing him in. “Hungry?”
“Sounds good,” Jack replied, smiling at Adie.
“You look like you know something,” said Ari.
“Good news,” Jack told Adie. “I found your Col. Bogie. He was just where you thought—on a hillside overlooking the port. Took a while though...a lot of homes on that hill.”
“That’s wonderful!” Adie said.
“I ended up using facial recognition...had to pull a few images from your archive.”
Adie looked confused. “I have no idea what you mean.”
“Ah, well, I guess you could say I took his picture and used our imaging system to scan Port Jefferson for a face that matched. Curious though, I didn’t find him until today. He must have been out of town.
“Anyway, I have even better news. This morning Mr. Braunstein’s auction went off on schedule, and what an auction it was—brought in a little under two hundred and fifty thousand dollars...I think partially due to those extra diamonds the Doc threw in.”
Her mouth agape and eyes glazing over, Adie took a moment to process the news.
“Rich...beyond the dreams of avarice,” she murmured.
“What was that?” Ari asked with a curious grin.
“Oh, nothing...just some old saying.”
“So I assume that’s enough to get the job done,” Jack said.
“Oh, yes,” Adie replied, still processing.
“If you’re planning to carry all that cash around,” said Jack, “one thing is certain...you’re going to need that big purse. Even with hundred dollar bills, that’s still a lot of volume.”
Adie gave a nod.
“One other thing,” Jack continued, “Mrs. Lakeland won the council’s approval for a second landing craft, probably a Sparrow, to back up the Condor just in case things don’t go as planned. The duty pilot has been assigned to the Condor. Merrick will fly the back-up bird.”
———————
Fourteen hours later, the two women were back in their suite at the Waldorf.
Having spent the majority of the day in preparation and two hours in transit, neither of them had any trouble getting to sleep.
———————
Next morning they were up early for breakfast, then window-shopped the hotel boutiques before returning to their room.
Shortly after ten o’clock, Adie placed a call to Mr. Braunstein, and within moments he was on the line with the results of the auction.
“I met the armored truck at the hotel late yesterday,” he said, “and placed the cash in your safety deposit box. The key is here in my safe. I will bring it to you.”
“Mr. Braunstein, that would be wonderful. What you have done is beyond words.”
“It was a pleasure, my dear. I will come right away.”
———————
They sat in a lounge area just off the main lobby. It was a particularly busy morning with hotel guests and staff going in every direction. Adie fought the distractions and kept a close eye on the main entrance.
Meanwhile, Katie had taken the opportunity to peruse the latest issue of Life Magazine. She was less than halfway through when she saw Adie rise and Mr. Braunstein walk up.
Her eyes full of emotion, Adie moved forward and kissed Mr. Braunstein on both cheeks. “Thank you. Thank you so much for your help. You were my only hope.”
“But, my dear, it was my honor...and my duty to your parents.”
She put her arm around him and they started across the crowded lobby toward the hotel vault.
“And how are you, young lady?” Mr. Braunstein asked Katie.
“Never better,” she replied, cheered by his attention.
The armed assistant signed them in and accompanied them into the vault where matching keys were applied and the safety deposit box removed. He then escorted them into a small adjoining room, placed the box on the table, and stepped out.
Lifting the lid, Mr. Braunstein said, “Count them, my dear. You should find twenty-four bundles of hundreds, five bundles of twenties, and over five hundred dollars in loose bills.”
Shocked at the spectacle, Adie took a moment to adjust. “My word!” she said with a quick glance at Katie. “What a sight!” She ran her fingers along the bundles of hundreds, counting. Then without hesitation she removed four bundles (forty thousand dollars) and turned to Mr. Braunstein. “This is for you—your commission.”
Mr. Braunstein raised both hands in earnest protest. “No, my dear!” he pleaded. “I cannot accept. This is your inheritance.”
Katie’s eyes widened slightly at the unexpected drama.
“But you must!” Adie countered. “Papa told me he always took fifteen percent of auction earnings for his commission. Mr. Braunstein, you didn’t have to help me, but you did. Please, I will not keep what is rightfully yours. Besides, you have children in college.”
When further dialogue only seemed to strengthen Adie’s determination, Mr. Braunstein took pause and backed down, asking only that Adie place the money back in the safety deposit box until he could arrange secure transportation.
Before doing so, Adie removed the rest of the cash from the box and carefully packed it into her handbag. Seeing Mr. Braunstein’s frown, she informed him of the secure container in their room, though she called it a “safe.”
They left the vault, stopping by the desk to transfer the safety deposit box into Mr. Braunstein’s name, then walked him out to the curb.
“Is there nothing more I can do?” Mr. Braunstein asked, hailing a cab.
Adie shook her head. “You have already done so much.”
“But are you sure?”
“...Oh! We do need to meet with Avram. Do you think he would be willing to join us for breakfast tomorrow?”
“I am sure,” said Mr. Braunstein, opening the cab door. “What is a good time?”
“How about eight?”
“I will tell him.”
Adie stepped forward and hugged Mr. Braunstein’s neck.
“May God go with you, my dears,” he said, smiling at Katie.
After seeing him away, they went up to their suite where Adie transferred most of the cash to the secure container, keeping out three bundles of hundreds and one of twenties to cover the day’s shopping.
“We should stop by Steinway first,” she said, “so we aren’t carrying all this cash.”
“The perfume,” Katie remembered. “We need to make a list.”
———————
Walking into Steinway Hall that afternoon, they were greeted by the same elderly salesman who had assisted Mr. Cohen on their first visit. “He is downstairs in the piano bank,” the gentleman said of Mr. Cohen. “I will tell him you are here.”
They had just begun to look around the rotunda when a very happy Mr. Cohen walked up. After exchanging pleasantries, he led them to the sales office to completed the transaction. Then, offering the women a seat, he said, “Your pianos are out on the loading dock, crated and ready to go. We packed the tuning kit in with the Queen Anne.”
Adie fished around in her hand bag and came out with two bundles of hundred dollar bills, plus some loose bills, and laid them on the desk. “That should be twenty-one thousand seven hundred, but you may want to count it.”
“Ay-yay-yay! When you said cash you were not kidding,” he said, turning to the office manager. “Golda, would you mind putting this in the safe?”
———————
Back in the cab and on their way to Bloomingdale’s, Adie decided to make one unscheduled stop. Traveling the same route the week before, she had noticed a gun shop.
As she studied the passing buildings, she soon recognized a landmark, then the store front and asked the cabbie to pull over.
“Wait here,” she instructed Katie. “I won’t be long.”
She walked into the shop and approached the counter. A burly, middle-aged gentleman was down on one knee arranging firearms in a display. “Can I help you?” he said, assuming she had entered the store by mistake.
“Good afternoon,” she said. “I’m looking for a pistol.”
“A gift for the husband?”
“I’m not married.”
“A boyfriend, then.”
“No...for me.”
“For protection?”
“Yes.”
“I see,” the man said, pondering. “Well, I believe I may have just the thing...elegant, yet effective.” He pulled a gun out of the display cabinet and placed it on the counter. “Walther PPK—German made...traded an Army guy for it the other day.”
Adie took a moment to admire the shape. “Do you mind?” she said, lifting the pistol for closer inspection.
Surprised by her boldness, the man said, “Young lady, we’re talking a serious firearm here. Do you have any experience with—“
Adie turned toward the side wall, racked the slide to check the chamber and released.
The man gave a respectful nod. “All right.”
Using her left hand to secure the hammer, she squeezed the trigger and eased the hammer forward.
“You seem to know your way around a firearm,” he said with admiration.
“I’ll need some ammunition and a holster.”
“Shoulder holster, or something for your hip?”
“A shoulder holster, I think.”
He walked to a cabinet and looked through his collection. “I was sure I had a couple to fit that gun...hmmm...ah, here we go, a nice deep brown.” He set the holster on the counter, then turned and removed a small box of ammunition from a shelf behind him. “That should do it,” he said, entering the prices into the register. “Young lady, you owe me fifty-two dollars and seventy-seven cents.”
Adie passed him a hundred dollar bill.
“Wow...a fresh one!” he said, counting out her change. “Here, let me get you a bag for that.”
“Oh, that’s okay,” Adie said, putting everything into her handbag. “Thank you for your help.”
“Be safe,” the man said, and he returned to his work.
Adie gave a nod and walked out to the cab.
“Buy something?” Katie asked.
“Just a little insurance,” Adie replied, pulling the door closed.
“So you’re not going to tell me?”
“I’ll show you when we get back to the room,” she said, leaning forward to direct the cabbie.
——————— 
Having observed the gun shop transaction, Jack placed a quick call to Ari.
“Jack...,” said Ari.
“Thought you should know; Adie’s just bought a gun.”
Seeing concern on Jack’s face, Ari responded with a knowing smile. “We discussed it. She said she might.”
“So, you’re okay with this?”
“Just protection, Jack. She’s carrying a lot of cash down there. Not much chance she’ll need it, but if it makes her feel safer, so much the better. Anyway, we both know she can handle a gun.”
——————— 
First on the agenda at Bloomingdale’s was a visit to the bridal shop for a final fitting of their wedding gowns and formals. Then, satisfied with the results, they settled their account and headed out to the main floor in search of more casual attire.
An hour later, while standing in line at the register, Adie remembered the pistol and asked Katie to wait while she went in search of a loose fitting jacket.
“But won’t that make you warm?” Katie asked.
“Not to worry,” Adie said. “I’ll just look for something lightweight.”
Within minutes she was back with a bright red blazer, and they proceeded to check out.
Then, shopping bags in hand, they moved on to the perfume department where they placed a rather large order, asking that it be boxed and held for pickup by one of Avram’s crew.
They continued shopping well into the evening, at length returning to the hotel, tired and laden with treasure. Adie checked with the front desk for messages and was pleased to find a note from Avram offering to meet them for breakfast in the morning.
Katie waited until they were back in the room to raise the issue of Adie’s mysterious detour earlier in the day.
Half expecting the question, Adie set her shopping bags down and invited Katie to join her on the couch.
“You know we still have an awful lot of cash...right?”
Katie returned a straight-faced nod.
“We’ll be carrying it most of the day, Friday.”
“I’m aware...”
“Do you remember how Mr. Braunstein reacted when I dumped all those diamonds on his desk?”
Another nod.
“Well, obviously we can’t have an armored truck following us around all day, and we have no other security to speak of, so—“
“You bought a weapon,” Katie said a little apprehensive.
“It’s just for Friday. We probably won't need it, but better safe than sorry, if you know what I mean... Anyway, I told everyone I would protect you.”
After some thought, Katie put her arm around her friend and they both eased back on the couch. “I trust you,” she said, giving Adie’s shoulder a pat. “But, for now, maybe we should lock it up.”

Chapter 35
In the morning, Adie removed several bundles of hundred dollar bills from the secure container and placed them in a small briefcase she had purchased at Bloomingdale’s. “That should do,” she said, and Katie resealed the container. “Probably more than they’ll need.”
“After you,” Katie said with a gesture toward the door.
——————— 
As she stepped out of the elevator vestibule on the ground floor, Adie scanned the lobby and immediately spotted Avram on the far side. She tapped Katie’s arm, and they walked over.
“Good morning, ladies,” Avram said, appearing a little uneasy. “Are you hungry?”
——————— 
In the interest of security, Adie had selected a small curved booth in the corner of the restaurant.
The waiter finished taking their order and walked away, passing through swinging doors into the kitchen.
After a quick look around, Adie turned her attention to Avram. “I’m sure this has been a busy week,” she said. “Tell us...how is everyone faring?”
Still looking uneasy, Avram said, “Miss Adie, to say everything has gone perfectly, would not be truthful. We have had our challenges: the medical things for instance—particularly the drug samples. These could not be supplied by Talia’s nursing school, so it was necessary for her to seek help from a classmate, the son of a pharmacist.”
A wrinkle formed on Adie’s brow. “Did someone get in trouble?”
”No, Miss Adie. Everything was done above board and in the name of research. Talia went personally to make the arrangements...and yes, the man was reluctant at first, however when she added to the list all of the medical instruments you requested, he became more agreeable. No doubt we paid more than we should have, but for the drug samples, we felt it necessary.”
“And I assure you,” Adie said, smiling, “the cost is of no consequence.”
“Also, I hired three others to help—all friends or fellow students of our team: another warehouseman, a second driver, and we needed someone who knows of artifacts, so I brought in Sarah, an archeology major.”
“And how is the money holding out?”
“Much as expected. We have settled most accounts, though some things have yet to be shipped. Rubin and his brother are working hard to keep pace, however, traveling in this city and out on the Island can take time.”
“Oh, yes,” Adie agreed, glancing at Katie. “We know.”
“As you suspected,” continued Avram, “a number of the artifacts Sarah chose took us beyond the nine thousand you gave me and are being held with a deposit. Of course these items are rare and in high demand, so the vendors are eager to be paid.”
“How much do you need?” Adie asked.
Avram unfolded a sheet of paper from his breast pocket. “Sarah prioritized the list to give you flexibility with your budget.”
“But how much for everything?” Adie persisted.
“Miss Adie, the total comes to a little over thirty-four thousand dollars.”
“I see,” Adie nodded. “And does that cover all of the team’s wages and expenses?”
“Yes, Miss Adie. There are no charges beyond those I already mentioned.”
Adie pulled the small briefcase onto her lap and quietly released the latches. “Tell Sarah I trust her judgment.” She opened the case and transferred three bundles of bills to her handbag, leaving four for Avram. “Here,” she said, passing him the case, “this should cover everything.”
Avram’s eyes widened. “Are you sure?”
“I’m sure,” Adie said confidently. “Oh...before I forget...we have a package at Bloomingdale’s that needs to be picked up—in the perfume department.”
——————— 
After breakfast, Avram wished them well and left to meet with his team.
Meanwhile the two women went back up to the suite and returned most of the cash to the secure container.
They spent the remainder of the morning and early afternoon sightseeing, beginning with the Empire State Building and ending with Time Square and the Theater District.
By four o’clock they were back at the Waldorf taking full advantage of the beauty salon in preparation for their night at the theater.
They took dinner in their room before dressing in evening gowns and applying the finishing touches.
For the occasion Katie had brought along two diamond studded necklaces—elegant and brilliant...a choker for herself, and for Adie, a more traditional design.
——————— 
Coming out of the elevator vestibule into a packed lobby, what appeared to be a precarious crossing to the exit, miraculously began to part down the middle—first a group of gentlemen nearby and then others, some of whom mistakenly sensed a celebrity presence. A little self-conscious, the two women moved gracefully toward the door, smiling and nodding their appreciation as they went.
They proceeded out onto a less congested sidewalk, where doormen were busily assisting couples into their cabs. Seeing Adie and Katie unattended, the driver of the next cab got out and called to the nearest doorman, saying that he would take care of the two women. He moved around the cab and helped Adie in, waiting until she was settled before closing the door and turning to Katie. “Are we ready, young lady?”
Without hesitation, and to his great amazement, Katie reached out and took hold of his arm, using her other hand to lift her gown slightly off the pavement. As they walked around behind the taxi, the sight of the cabbie arm-in-arm with a stunning beauty proved irresistible to the approaching motorists and brought all northbound traffic to a halt. The cabbie tipped his hat to the stopped cars and unhurriedly assisted Katie into the back seat. Horns farther down the street began to sound, yet the nearer cars refused to move until the cab pulled away from the curb.
“Holy cow!” the cabbie declared, shaking his head, “That’s a first!”
Confused, Adie said, “So...that’s never happened before?”
Again the cabbie shook his head. “Guys tapping on horns...this I have seen. Guys leaning out of cars making cat calls...this I have seen. Two lanes of traffic stopped dead...this, I have never seen.... Where to, ladies?”
“The Majestic Theater,” Adie replied, smiling sweetly at her friend. “Didn’t I tell you you were beautiful?”
Katie felt her gaze and began to blush.
——————— 
From the back seat, Adie noticed the theater marquee growing larger in the window. The curbside at the entrance was a hub of activity, with cabs coming and going and theatergoers filing in from every direction. The cabbie slowed his approach, sensing other cabs were about to pull away.
“Now, you ladies stay seated, and I’ll let you out,” he said.
Adie leaned forward and passed him the fare and a generous tip. “You have been very kind.”
With a grateful nod the cabbie stepped out.
Moments later, after bidding him farewell, Katie looked up at the marquee and then at Adie. “What does it say?”
“It says, ‘Majestic’—that’s the name of the theater. And just below, it says, ‘Mary Martin and Ezio Penza in South Pacific.’”
“And you said it’s a love story?”
“Uh-huh...during the war, from what I understand.”
Once inside the theater, they presented their tickets, received playbills, and followed directions up a grand staircase to the mezzanine.
Walking into the auditorium, Katie was struck by the immensity of the room—its high domed ceiling, massive chandelier, and lavish furnishings.
As the orchestra entertained with a long medley of show tunes, an usher checked their tickets and led them down the steps to their front row seats near the far right of the mezzanine.
Katie settled in beside a young couple, their little daughter in the seat to her left.
With the arrival of company, the little girl looked them over and said, “Hi, my name is Katie, what’s yours?”
The little girl’s mother leaned down, and calmly said, “Now Katie, we should leave others alone. Remember? We talked about this.”
“That’s all right,” Katie said to the mother.
Curious, Adie leaned forward for a look as Katie continued.
“It’s so nice to meet you, Katie...and guess what? My name is Katie too...and this is Miss Adie.”
Excited, the little girl turned to her mother and whispered, “Did you hear, Mama? Her name is Katie too.”
“Yes, dear, I heard,” she said, glancing up at Katie. “Sorry.”
Katie returned an understanding smile. “I don’t mind.”
“I like your dresses,” the little girl continued in a quiet voice. “I think they’re beautiful.”
Below and to their right, the orchestra music began to swell. Then the house lights dimmed, and the huge stage curtain started to rise.
The little girl’s mother leaned down and whispered, “Look Sweetheart, isn’t this exciting?”
Part way through the first act, Katie tilted toward Adie and said, “They’re singing...like in The Wizard of Oz.”
“It’s a musical,” Adie said. “Better than a movie, huh?”
As the play progressed, Katie found herself becoming more and more immersed.
Then, after the intermission and part way through the final act, her little neighbor’s eyelids grew heavy, and her head fell softly against Katie’s arm.
A smile formed on Katie’s face, and she nudged Adie.
“She is soooo cute,” Adie whispered.
Clued in by Adie’s comment, the mother glanced over and turned to reposition her daughter.
“She’s fine,” Katie said with a subtle gesture.
“Are you sure?”
Katie gave a nod. “Let’s not wake her.”
The little girl continued sleeping right on through the emotion-filled conclusion and final curtain. Then, awakened by the standing ovation, she stood to her feet and obligingly joined in.
At length the applause faded, and after some chatting amongst themselves, the audience began to file out. Katie noticed but delayed a moment to wish her little neighbor well.
Sensing Katie’s intention, the mother leaned down to her daughter and said, “Don’t you want to say goodbye, sweetheart. I think your friend has to go home now.”
The little girl reached up and took hold of Katie’s hand. “Can I have a hug?”
“Well, of course you can.” Katie said, lifting the little girl off the floor into her arms. “It’s been so nice to know you. I had such a good time.”
——————— 
Pulling away from the curb, Katie watched with interest as well dressed theatergoers continued to mill around under the marquee.
“So, what did you think of the show?” Adie asked.
Katie thought for a moment and started to grin. “Well, for one thing, I don’t believe any of those people were taking their Alpha meds,” she said, drawing a laugh from Adie, “especially those sailors at the beginning!”
“No, but seriously, what did you think?”
“Well...it was fun, though kind of silly in places, very romantic, and a little sad.”
“You mean, when the lieutenant died?”
“Yes, but not just that. It was the way they seemed to judge one another...you know, because of their culture or the way they looked.”
Adie gave a nod. “You’d think we would have grown out of that by now, like your people.”
An amused smile formed on Katie’s face. “Didn’t you find it interesting how they fell in love after knowing each other for only a few weeks? It reminded me of some people I know.”
With an indignant expression forming, Adie said, “Now, aren’t you the pot calling the kettle black! Let’s see...how long have you known Merrick?”
“But, that’s what I meant,” Katie explained calmly. “You didn’t let me finish.”
Adie backed down, and after a brief silence admitted, “In my case, I simply could not help myself....”
Katie gazed starry-eyed out the window at the passing storefronts. “Little Katie...wasn’t she the sweetest thing?”
——————— 
Adie stepped out of the bathroom with her hair wrapped in a towel and peered into the sitting room.
Reclining on the couch, Katie made eye contact, pointed to her ear, and continued her conversation with Merrick.
Adie bobbed her head and retreated into the bedroom.
“Jack?”
“Yes, Adie.”
“Is he busy?”
“Standby...I’ll put you through.”
A soft prompting-tone sounded in Adie’s ear. “Sweetheart?”
“I miss you,” said Ari.
“And I miss you,” Adie replied, her voice thick with emotion. “Just one more day.”
“One more...”
“Were you able to clear your schedule?”
“I was.”
“Then, you’re coming?”
“Wouldn’t miss it.”
“How wonderful... I was hoping Merrick could be our pilot—for Katie’s sake, I mean.”
“I know. It’s just the way things worked out. He’s still flying the backup bird though.”
“By himself?”
“No. Jack will be with him...and your dad.”
“Why papa?”
“He’s back in the Galapagos...left with a team yesterday. The team will stay on, but your dad’s work is finished tomorrow, so ops decided to combine that mission with yours. Merrick will pick him up and then head your way.”
“So they’re going to fly all the way here, then go up to the ship?”
“I know it seems like a lot, but time-wise it won’t take all that long.”
“Well, at least I’ll be with you...”
“And that, Adie-bear, is a very pleasant thought.”
Adie paused and said, “Sweetheart, I need to know your feelings on something.”
“Uh-oh,” Ari laughed.
“Do you remember when we discussed the shopping and how it would be just once?”
“Uh-huh. Have you changed your mind?”
“No, but I was thinking. What are the chances the council will ask me to do this again...you know, buy something else?”
“Very unlikely,” replied Ari. “We presented this as a one-time event, and that’s how they planned it. The list they gave you was as complete as they could make it. Every department was involved. Anyway, as you know, many of them view this as a risky business. Some fear for your safety. Others worry that you might be discovered and cause a panic... No, sweetheart, I believe this will be the first and last mission of its kind...at least for this crew.”
“Good,” Adie said, “because I have no plans to bring any of this money back with me.”
“And on this you have my full support. We certainly have no need for it here.... Not to change the subject, but I liked your gown this evening. I thought you looked lovely.”
“You watched?”
“Some...I had Jack route it to my office.”
“Did you see Katie’s little friend?”
——————— 
A half-hour later, Adie and Ari concluded their conversation. Jack noticed Adie’s com icon wink, and she reverted to his earpiece.
“Done talking?” he asked.
“Thank you, Jack.”
“My pleasure... Listen...concerning Col. Bogie, I have that information you requested last evening.”
“Wonderful. I’ll need that tomorrow.”

Chapter 36
Early the next morning, Adie called the front desk and scheduled a taxi for the day. After a hearty breakfast and a final trip to the hairdresser, she and Katie went back up to their room to pack. With the secure container open, Adie transferred all remaining cash to her handbag, loaded the pistol, and adjusted the shoulder holster for a snug fit.
“Do you think we’ll have the chance to swim,” Katie asked.
“I’m not sure, though I believe we’ll be near the beach,” Adie replied and opened the small athletic bag. “Here...why don’t you pass me your swimsuit and sandals?”
After giving the room a final check, Adie slipped on her red blazer and dialed for a bellhop.
———————
They walked out of the Waldorf at quarter past ten, finding their cab waiting. The bellhop stepped forward to help them in, then went about loading their luggage.
Adie handed the cabbie the address to the warehouse and sat back in the seat. Immediately she felt a sharp pinch under her arm and reached inside her blazer to adjust the holster.
“That has to be uncomfortable,” Katie said.
“I’ll be fine,” Adie replied. “It’s just for the day.”
The traffic going out to Roslyn that morning was light. They covered the distance in just under forty-five minutes.
A few miles north of Roslyn the cab slowed and turned into the warehouse entrance, passing a pickup on its way out. As they drove into the parking area, Adie noticed a larger truck, its driver maneuvering a crate-laden dolly out of the truck’s rear gate and onto the loading dock. She instructed the cabbie to pull up and wait. Then she and Katie got out and entered the building through the side entrance.
Walking toward the office, they found Paul Bitner, the warehouseman, standing with the driver and going over a bill of lading.
“Miss Behr...Miss Warren...,” he said.
“I see you’re busy,” Adie observed. “We don’t want to interrupt—just need to drop off a few bags and give Avram a call.”
“I’ll sign this and be right with you.”
“No hurry...we’ll go get our things.”
They returned a short time later loaded down with shopping bags. “Where would you like these?” Adie asked.
Paul sent the driver on his way and approached. “You should find an open space at the end of that second row of crates,” he said, pointing off to his right.
After storing the shopping bags, they went back to the cab for the rest of their luggage, leaving the small athletic bag on the back seat.
——————— 
Adie’s call found Avram on the third floor of Braunstein’s, speaking with his father. Mr. Braunstein answered, smiled, and passed the handset to his son.
“Yes, Adie.”
“Is your family well?”
“Very well, thank you. And where are you?”
“We’re here with Paul at the warehouse, and I must say, I am impressed... So, is this all of it?”
“Nearly...we still have a few artifacts to deliver and of course the animals.”
“Did you have enough money to cover everything?”
“That and to spare,” Avram said with emphasis.
“So how much is left?”
“Miss Adie, I have nearly six thousand dollars. How do I-”
“All right, here’s what I would like to do: Including you, there are nine people on your team. Is that correct?”
“Yes.”
“Okay, I want you to divide what remains ten ways...then, as a bonus, give one portion to each of the workers and keep two for yourself.” 
The phone went silent.
“Hello...? Avram...?”
——————— 
Walking with Katie to the cab, Adie removed a pencil and piece of folded stationary from her handbag.
“Jack?”
There was a momentary delay. “Adie...”
“Is this a bad time?”
Again, a delay. “No, why?”
“You didn’t answer right away.”
“...Yeah, time delay. You caught me on the other side of the earth... By the way, what you did back there—the bonuses—very kind.”
“Thank you, Jack. It was a joy to be able.”
“And what can I do for you?”
“We’re going out to Port Jefferson now, and I—“
“You need Col. Bogie’s info... You ready?”
Adie stopped walking and began to write.
“Did you get that?”
“Oh yes. Thank you, Jack.”
———————
The cab neared the end of the cul-de-sac and slowed to a stop. A pleasant looking two-story home lay nestled in the trees to the right. Just to its left a small open area presented a captivating view of small boats at anchor in the port below.
“Seven Overlook Drive,” the cabbie announced. “This should be the place.”
Getting out of the cab, the ocean breeze met them with a rich bouquet of interesting scents. Katie took in a deep breath. “Oh, that smells divine. Kind of wakes you up, doesn’t it?”
They started down the walkway to the house.
“You’re a little quiet,” Katie observed. “Something bothering you?”
“I’m okay,” Adie replied, a little apprehensive. She paused for a moment at the front door, then reached up and knocked.
Almost immediately another door opened at the far end of the house to their right, and a woman’s voice called out, “I’m in the kitchen! Can you come around?”
Adie stepped back and looked down the length of the house to see a second entrance, partially obscured by shrubs.
Katie led the way around the beautifully landscaped garden.
———————
Judith Bogie was a kindhearted woman in her early forties—attractive, to be sure...at least on most days. However, today was her baking day, and her hair was pinned up in a bun—her apron, flour-dusted and smeared with cookie dough.
The two women walked past the kitchen window, their shadows spilling across the sink and onto the floor.
“Be right with you,” Mrs. Bogie said, pulling a hot batch of chocolate chip cookies from the oven and placing them on the counter.
She turned her attention to the silhouetted figures at the door. “Come on in,” she said, pushing the screen open. “Can I help you?”
“Mrs. Bogie?” Adie said, smiling.
As her visitors came into the light, Mrs. Bogie became noticeably self-conscious, wiping her hands on her apron and brushing a few loose hairs back over her ear. “Yes, I’m Judith Bogie...goodness sakes, girls!” she said, taking off her apron and laying it on the counter. “You look like you just stepped off the cover of Cosmopolitan.”
Katie glanced at Adie for clarification.
The picture of humility, Adie said, “Mrs. Bogie, my name is Adie Behr, and this is my friend, Katie Warren. I knew your—“
Shock registered on Mrs. Bogie’s face, and she steadied herself against the counter. “But didn’t you lose an eye? Michael showed me a picture.”
Adie gave a nod. “I had an operation.”
Consumed with emotion, Mrs. Bogie’s words came out stifled, “You saved...my husband,” she said and covered her mouth. She moved forward and held Adie in a warm embrace.
“But that’s not so,” Adie protested. “He has always gotten that wrong. If it weren’t for him, I would probably still be in Eastern Europe, or worse, a casualty of war.”
Mrs. Bogie held on for a moment longer, then backed away. “Michael’s down at the marina,” she said, clearing her throat, “but can’t we talk a little before you go?”
“I’d like that,” said Adie.
“Then, why don’t we go into the next room? How about some iced tea?”
With a “yes” from both women, Mrs. Bogie showed them into the living room and went back for tea and cookies.
“I know Peter will want to see you,” she called from the kitchen. “He’s up the street visiting a friend... So how long are you in town?”
“Just for the day, I’m afraid,” Adie said, looking out the picture window. “Your view here is lovely...all the little boats.”
Mrs. Bogie walked in with the refreshments. “Yes, soothing isn’t it?” she said, holding the plate of cookies out to Katie. “Why don’t we have a seat?”
“Thank you,” Katie said, taking a cookie.
“They’re Michael’s favorite.”
Katie took a bite and smiled. “Mmmmm, they’re still warm.”
“Well, I’m glad you like them.”
In the minutes that followed, the conversation turned to Adie’s life since the war—her travels and challenges. All went well until the Israeli conflict came up and she began sidestepping questions.
Sensing her distress, Katie reached for another cookie and said, “So, what is your husband doing at the Marina?”
“He’s getting his boat ready for tomorrow.”
“For fishing?” Adie asked, welcoming the new subject.
“Two men are coming out from the city.”
“So where does he work, then?” Katie asked.
“Sweetheart, fishing is his work,” Mrs. Bogie said with a pained smile.
“But, can you make enough to support a family doing that?” Adie asked.
“Not very well, I’m afraid. What with the mortgage, a daughter in college, and three boys in high school, the budget gets tight from time to time. Though somehow we always seem to get by.”
“And how big is his boat,” Katie asked, now on her third cookie.
“Not a cabin cruiser, if that’s what you mean? Oh, he dreams of a boat that would handle more clients—bring in a better living. As a matter of fact, he’s had his eye on this one down at the marina, but that won’t be happening any time soon.”
Adie perked up. “Just out of curiosity, how much would something like that cost?”
“Oh, I don’t know. You would have to ask Michael. All I know is it’s a lot more than we can afford.”
“And do your boys want to go to college?”
“They all do,” Mrs. Bogie said, gazing out the window. “I know Michael worries about it, but what can we do? John graduates high school this year, and Pete and Bobby are close behind. They are all smart boys, but for the life of me I don’t see how we can put them through college and still make ends meet.” She paused and shook her head. “I don’t know why I’m running on like this.”
“So, is your daughter still away at college?” Adie asked, trying to lighten the conversation.
“Rachel? No, she’s home for the summer. She works down at the five and ten...doesn’t pay much, just a little spending money.”
“And you’re other boys?”
“Oh, they’re involved in football—summer training over at the high school. They’ll be home a little later.”
Katie eased back on the couch and exhaled. “I have got to stop eating these cookies....”

Chapter 37
A half-hour later, they were back in the cab, having promised Mrs. Bogie a return visit before leaving town.
The trip down to the marina took far less time than Adie expected, giving her little opportunity to gather her thoughts.
“Brother!” she said, patting her stomach.
“Cookies bothering you?” Katie asked.
She shook her head. “Butterflies.”
“Butterflies?” Katie said, confused. “What about butterflies?”
“I have butterflies in my stomach.”
Katie’s expression changed from confusion to concern. “You have butterflies in your stomach?”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake! I’m nervous!”
Katie thought for a moment and burst out laughing. “Good one!” she exclaimed, giving Adie’s leg a pat. “Butterflies...”
The cabbie pulled up to the wharf and let them out.
Drawn by the splash of color outside his window and the unfamiliar faces, the dock master rose from his desk and walked out to offer assistance.
“You gals look lost.”
Adie turned and approached. “I’m afraid you’re right,” She confessed. “Do you work here?”
“Jamal Kyriazi, Dock Master, at your service, ladies. Here on the wharf, folks just call me ‘Krazy.’”
Katie smiled at the play on words.
“Actually, we’re looking for Col. Bogie,” Adie said.
“Col. Bogie, is it?” the dock master said, noting the rarely used title. “I believe he’s across the way working on his boat, though I expect he’s not very presentable just now. What say we give him a chance to clean up a bit. I’ll go tell him you’re here.”
Adie frowned. “We don’t want to be any trouble.”
“No trouble,” he said, walking away. “Won’t be a minute.”
———————
“Krazy...,” Colonel Bogie said, pausing from his work. “What brings you out all this way?”
“You’ve got company, ol’ boyo...real lookers, if you get my drift—high society types. May be looking to hire you for their fellas or some such.”
Colonel Bogie launched a discrete glance toward the office. “Tell them I’ll be along presently.”
The dock master turned and started back. “May want to wash up a bit,” he called over his shoulder. “They’re dressed to the nines. You wouldn’t want to spoil the brightwork.”
———————
Colonel Bogie finished drying his hands and looked skyward to assess the weather. A thick cumulous overcast extended well out over the Sound, all but obliterating the noonday sun. In the distance, a few pale rays broke through to illuminate the whitecaps below. Overhead, boisterous seagulls bobbed and weaved in the breeze, hoping against hope for some discarded morsel of fish, or crab, or shrimp.
After giving his skiff a final once-over, Colonel Bogie left for the dock house.
Most of his fellow fishermen were out on the water, many having departed before dawn. To his surprise, however, Todd Fenderson’s Downeaster, the pride of the marina, was still tied up. Admiring the meticulously coiled mooring lines and polished chrome fittings, he gave the thirty-footer a respectful if not envious gaze, then set his eyes on the two figures standing in the shadow of the dock house.
Closing in and seeing their elegant attire, he began to appreciate the dock master’s parting suggestion. Initially Katie drew his attention with her tall, slender form and uncommonly graceful posture. It wasn’t until he was nearly there that his eyes drifted to her companion. Recognition was instantaneous. He stopped short, as if paralyzed, staring at her face. He watched a tear course down her cheek, and she rushed into his arms.
Completely unprepared and awash in emotion, he held her tenderly, gently stroking her back. “How in the world did you find me?”
Adie’s answer was delayed. “Your wife...we went to your house.”
He eased his hold on her and leaned back. “Let me look at you.”
As smiles formed on both of their faces, he caught movement in what he assumed was a glass eye and stood motionless. “What on earth! Your eye—the scars!”
“Fixed,” she said, keen to move on.
Katie sensed trouble and stepped forward. Her motion distracted Colonel Bogie and pricked his conscience. He turned and offered her his hand. “I’m sorry,” he said with a slight cringe. “Mike Bogie...“
“Katie Warren,” she said, shaking his hand. “Adie has told me so much about you.”
“So, how long you been in the States?” he asked Adie. “Have you moved back?”
Adie shook her head. “We’re just here for a few days—kind of a shopping trip. Our company sent us.”
“Purchasing agents?”
“Uh-huh.” “That’s right,” the two women said in close succession.
“What company? Overseas, I assume.”
Adie locked eyes with Katie and offered Colonel Bogie a hesitant response. “It’s like a research group—kind of secretive.”
Colonel Bogie took her meaning and eased off. “Well, you need say no more... Gosh it’s great to see you!”
Having watched everything from the dock house and unable to contain his curiosity, the dock master stepped out onto the porch. “Did I miss something?” he asked. “Who are these folks, Mike?”
Colonel Bogie made the introductions and went on to refresh the dock master’s memory concerning his exploits in Czechoslovakia.
With his curiosity satisfied and not wishing to spoil their reunion, the dock master wished them all a good day and returned to his office.
“So, how long are you two in town—Port Jeff, I mean?” the colonel asked.
“Just today, I’m afraid,” Adie frowned, “until seven or so this evening.” She went on to tell of their visit to his house and the conversation with his wife.
“Then, can you join us for dinner?” he asked.
Seeing Katie’s smile, Adie said, “We would love to. Is there anything we can bring?”
“Just yourselves,” he said. “Why don’t I call the missus?”
They followed him to the public phone beside the dock house, and he placed the call.
“Sweetheart?” he said.
“Hi, I take it the girls found you.”
“They did, and what would you say to some dinner company?”
“Perfect, I was hoping they could meet Rachel and the boys. What should I make?”
Colonel Bogie considered and said, “Is old Tom turkey still in the deep freeze?”
Mrs. Bogie looked up at the kitchen clock. “It’s one-fifteen. I don’t have enough time, even for a fresh one. How about stuffed chicken?”
The idea brought a smile. “Sounds good. How many?”
“Well let’s see,” she said, thinking. “We’re feeding eight, so probably three...large ones though. You know how the boys can eat.”
“I’ll stop by the market on my way home.”
Colonel Bogie finished with his wife and hung up. “So how are you two getting around?” he asked Adie.
“A cab.”
“For the day?” he asked with a look of wonderment.
“Uh-huh.”
“That must cost a penny,” he said, eyebrows raised.
Adie smiled. “Your wife told us of a boat.”
“Oh?”
“A fishing boat she said you liked.”
“Ah! The Boat! The amazing Mechlavich FC-35!” he said with panache.
“Can you show us?”
“Be glad to. It’s over on the sales dock. But then it’s off to the grocery. The missus will want to get those birds going.” He looked down at their shoes. “Just a word of caution: Katie’s okay, but you’ll want to watch those heels out on the dock,” he told Adie.
As they walked along, Adie informed him that they needed to make a few stops downtown before coming over.
Colonel Bogie gave a nod. “That’s quite all right.”
“But won’t your wife need help with the cooking?” Katie asked.
“She might.”
After a brief hesitation, Katie gathered courage and glanced at Adie. “Can you do without me?”
More than a little surprised, Adie cleared her throat. “I sup-pose.”
“Outstanding!” Colonel Bogie said as they neared the sales office. “You can ride home with me.”
Finding the sales office open and no one inside, Colonel Bogie took a step back and looked around.
Scott Roper, the sales representative, saw them through the window of a nearby cabin cruiser and stepped into the open. “Over here, Mike!”
“Just wonderin’ if I could show my friends the Thirty-Five?”
“You betcha!” Mr. Roper replied. “Key’s in the cabin door.”
“Thanks, Scottie. We won’t be long.”
The Mechlavich FC-35 was the ultimate charter-class fishing vessel, both in form and function. Its white carvel-planked hull was set off by a bright-finished deckhouse, richly appointed with mahogany. Twin big block V-8 inboards provided ample power for the long runs out to Montauk Point and beyond. The upper and lower bridges sported complete instrument packages, and the cabin, every amenity.
“My word, this must be expensive,” Adie remarked, climbing out of the cabin.
“And worth every penny,” Colonel Bogie added. “Want to guess how much?”
“I have no idea...in the thousands, I’m sure.”
“And you would be right. As this one stands, we’re looking at upwards of eighteen thousand, depending of course on how she’s fitted. Sure is a peach though, isn’t she?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie said, glancing at Katie and running her hand along a mahogany grab rail.
———————
They parted company, and Adie headed for the cab.
As she slipped into the seat, she noticed the small athletic bag and asked the cabbie to drive her back over to the dock house.
Colonel Bogie, having delayed for a final word with the dock master, was just coming out with Katie when the cab pulled up.
“Here, you may want this,” she said, passing the bag to Katie. “I’ll see you a little later.”
“Sounds good,” Katie said, and she started off across the parking lot with Colonel Bogie.
After a few moments of awkward silence, Colonel Bogie said, “So, where are you two staying?”
“In New York City,” Katie said, “at the Waldorf Astoria.”
Colonel Bogie raised an eyebrow. “Boy, that must be exciting.” He opened the passenger door to his Chevy Fleetline and let her in.
Katie found the car’s interior full of interesting smells—leather, a hint of motor oil, and traces of perfume mixed with a few scents from the dock. She watched Colonel Bogie roll down his window and quickly followed suit.
He started the engine and glanced over. “So, what have you seen of the Big Apple?”
———————
The dime store was just a few blocks from the marina. Finding an opening, the cabbie pulled to the curb and let Adie out.
She walked through the entrance and stopped at the register to ask for Rachel.
“In the back, on the right,” the cashier said, pointing.
Adie zigzagged through the aisles, finding Rachel beside a rolling cart, placing merchandise into shallow bins on the counter.
She was every bit Adie’s height, with long brown hair and a pleasant demeanor. Her green plaid dress appeared slightly faded—her black and white oxfords, scuffed. She smiled as Adie approached, wondering what an uptown girl could possibly want in a five and dime. “May I help you?”
“Are you Rachel...Rachel Bogie?”
Surprised by the greeting, Rachel gave a curious nod.
“My name is Adie Behr. I’m a friend of your father’s.”
Rachel lost focus briefly, trying to place the name.
“...from the war,” Adie added.
Making the connection only increased Rachel’s confusion. She stared wide-eyed at Adie, wanting to believe. “But my dad said...your eye...he said...“
“I had an operation?”
Speechless and slightly overwhelmed, Rachel moved forward and gave Adie a hug. “Thank you....”
“For what,” Adie said softly.
“For my dad...for my brother.”
Ignoring the comment, Adie took the opportunity to tell of her visits with Rachel’s parents, the dinner invitation, and Katie. Then after a few more minutes of light conversation, she wished Rachel a pleasant afternoon and headed back to the marina.
———————
“So Katie, you know anything about chicken?” Colonel Bogie asked, looking blankly at the refrigerated poultry.
Katie offered him a dubious look. “I’m afraid I—“ she said and shook her head.
Colonel Bogie considered her stylish outfit and probable upbringing, and recanted. “Well, maybe not. Whaddaya say we just pick a few.”
Sparking a laugh from Katie, he selected three large chickens and placed them in the cart.
“Cranberry sauce,” he said. “We’re forever running out of cranberry sauce...but not today!” He spun the cart and set off for the canned goods section.
Walking along, Katie scanned the labels with great interest, trying to imagine how the various contents might taste. “So many choices,” she said.
Colonel Bogie chuckled. “Yeah, a husband’s worst nightmare.”
The humor brought another laugh from Katie and set her at ease.
“So, how long you been working this job with Adie?” he asked. “Somehow, you don’t strike me as the logistics type.”
“I’m not,” she confessed. “I’m a nurse.”
“Ah,” he said, pulling two cans from the shelf. “Adie did mention research.”
Katie looked into the cart. “We want to help with the dinner. Will you allow us to buy these things?”
“Very kind,” Colonel Bogie replied, “but no. You’re our guests.”
———————
Adie stepped out of the cab and entered the dock house. The dock master saw her coming and met her in the outer office. “I’m afraid they’re gone,” he said, referring to Colonel Bogie and Katie. “They left just after you.”
“I know,” she said. “Can we talk?”
“Of course,” he said and gestured toward his office. “How can I help?”
“I want to buy a boat.”
“Pardon?”
“For Col. Bogie.”
The dock master took a moment to adjust. “I see. And which boat might that be?”
“He called it the Mech-something 35, I think?”
“The Mechlavich?” he said, taken aback. “Let me get this straight: You want to buy Mike Bogie the Mechlavich 35?”
“Uh-huh,” Adie said unpretentiously.
“You understand, we’re talking serious money here?”
Adie gave a quick nod. “I am aware.”
Sensing her sincerity he reached for the phone and dialed the sales rep.
“Scottie, I have a young gal here interested in the Mech 35...got a minute?”
“Surely,” Mr. Roper replied. “Bring her on by.”
The dock master hung up and gave Adie a puzzled look. “Didn’t Mike take you over there earlier?”
“Yes,” Adie smiled.
“Why come to me, then?”
“Because, I don’t know a thing about buying boats,” Adie confessed. “I just need someone to witness everything. I’d be happy to pay you.”
“That won’t be necessary,” the dock master said, with an awkward smile. “Anyway, I wouldn’t miss this for the world...I assume Mike doesn’t know.”
Adie shook her head. “It’s a surprise.”
“Some surprise!”
———————
They walked into the sales shack to find Mr. Roper at his desk sifting through brochures. He stood and the dock master made the introduction.
“Weren’t you here with Mike, earlier?” Mr. Roper asked, offering them seats.
Adie gave a nod.
“So, what’s your pleasure?” Mr. Roper asked.
“I want to buy a boat.”
“For yourself?”
Adie shook her head. “For Col. Bogie.”
“And we’re talking about the Mechlavich 35—the one you toured earlier?”
“Yes, but I want it to be a surprise.”
Mr. Roper sat back in his chair. “I know I shouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth, but is there something I’m missing here? I mean...this is one whale of an expense... Why Mike Bogie?”
Adie offered an abbreviated explanation and told of her limited time.
“Exactly how much time are we talking, here?” Mr. Roper asked.
“An hour, possibly two.”
A frown formed on Mr. Roper’s brow. “The paperwork alone—” he said, slowly shaking his head.
Sensing his distress, Adie said, “Let me ask, then. Is it possible for me to just pay for the boat and let Col. Bogie do the papers later?”
“But Miss Behr, I have no idea how you want it configured.”
“I don’t understand?”
“How do you want the boat rigged—navigation gear, engine modifications, tackle, and so on? I’ll need to know all this before I can work up a bill of sale.”
Adie looked lost. “You must know how he works,” she said, “what he needs. Can’t you put yourself in his place and add all the things you would want?”
Mr. Roper frowned and scratched his head. “When you were here earlier, did Mike happen to mention what these boats cost?”
“He did.”
“And you will trust me with this? The total could run much higher than he told you.”
Adie acknowledged with a nod. “Will you help me?”
Encouraged by her faith, Mr. Roper turned and pulled a large binder from his credenza. “Then, let’s huddle up and build us a dream boat...just you, me, and old Krazy, the dock master.”
Adie giggled and scooted her chair closer.
“Criminy!” Mr. Roper said, sitting up straight. “Financing!” He eyed the dock master. “I need to call Ivy, at the bank. He’ll have to grease the wheels to push this through in time.” He shifted to Adie. “Miss Behr, I sure hope you have good credit.”
“But, I don’t need credit,” Adie humbly stated. “I have cash.”
Mr. Roper and the dock master exchanged dumbfounded expressions.
“Are you telling me you brought this kind of money with you?” Mr. Roper asked.
Adie returned a smile.
Mr. Roper eyed the dock master. “Krazy, I think we finally found you a namesake.”
The dock master glanced at Adie. “Gutsy move, young lady, I’ll be givin’ yeah that.”
“We can go ahead and draw up a bill of sale,” Mr. Roper said, “but I simply can’t accept all that cash...not here. Krazy, maybe you wouldn’t mind giving Ivy that call while Miss Behr and I work on this equipment list. See if he can reserve us a little time in an hour or so.”

Chapter 38
“Boy! That didn’t take long,” Mrs. Bogie said, receiving a peck on the cheek.
“I brought company,” Colonel Bogie said, setting the groceries on the counter.
Mrs. Bogie gave Katie a wink. “Welcome back. Where’s your sidekick?”
“Business downtown,” Colonel Bogie said, fielding the question. “She’ll be along shortly.”
Mrs. Bogie smiled and lowered her voice. “Pete’s in the living room. All he knows is a couple of friends are coming for dinner.”
“So, we’re keeping Adie a secret?”
Mrs. Bogie returned a nod.
“Well, this one’s not a secret,” he said, tipping his head toward Katie.
“Indeed, she is not,” Mrs. Bogie agreed, taking Katie’s hand and leading her to the living room.
There they found Pete, binoculars in hand, staring out the plate glass window at the port below. Now nearly seventeen years of age and just under six feet, Pete bore little resemblance to the young German adolescent Adie had rescued during the war.
Feeling the floor rumble, Pete assumed the footsteps to be his mother’s. “The boats are coming in early today,” he said, still watching, “and the weather is clearing.”
“Must be an off day,” Colonel Bogie suggested, moving up beside Katie.
The unexpected voice turned Pete’s head, but his gaze missed his father and landed squarely on the exceedingly tall and slender figure by his side. Pete stood in silence, heart rate rising.
“Pete,” said Colonel Bogie, “I’d like to introduce Miss Katie Warren, one of our dinner guests.”
Taking the initiative, Katie stepped forward and extended her hand.
Pete responded and in the process caught a brief glint from her ring finger. Finding his voice, he said, “Nice to meet you...and congratulations!”
“Pardon?”
“Aren’t you engaged?” he asked, turning her hand to expose the ring.
“I am,” Katie confirmed with a broad smile. “Thank you, Pete, and nice to meet you.”
Colonel Bogie caught the interchange and leaned toward his wife. “I guess I missed that.”
“You didn’t notice the girls’ rings?”
“Huh?”
“They’re both engaged—Adie, too.”
“Brother!”
Mrs. Bogie rolled her eyes. “What am I going to do with you?”
“I can’t get over this view,” Katie said. “The water is so beautiful.”
“You have never been to the ocean?” Pete asked.
“Not this ocean.”
“Well, I don’t mean to be a humbug,” Mrs. Bogie announced, “but if I don’t get started on dinner—“
Colonel Bogie glanced at Katie and then his wife. “Don’t you need help with those birds?”
“I can help,” Katie offered.
“No, that’s quite all right,” Mrs. Bogie said to Katie. “I’ll manage. You should relax and enjoy the afternoon.”
“Are you sure?” Katie asked.
“I’m sure... Pete, maybe Katie would like to go down to the beach,” Mrs. Bogie said and looked at Katie. “That little bag you brought in...did you happen to bring something else to wear?”
“I brought a swimsuit.”
“Perfect, why don’t you go up and change. You can use Rachel’s room. Pete will show you.”
Katie glanced at Pete. “If you have something else to do, I wouldn’t want to—“
“I have nothing,” Pete said, smiling. “Maybe we can take the rowboat out.” He glanced at his father for approval.
“Might be nice,” Colonel Bogie said, “but the wind’s still up. You may want to stay in close.”
———————
Intrigued at what she might find upstairs, Katie followed Pete’s directions up to the second floor and down the hall, passing through the last doorway on the right and into the world of an Earth-born college girl.
She closed the door behind her, crossed a tattered oval rug, and set her bag on the bed. A soft gust of wind rustled the wooden blinds, bringing with it the pleasant scent of the sea. She paused for a look around.
To her immediate left, at the head of the bed, an old stained sock monkey and stuffed doll rested comfortably on Rachel’s pillow. Nearby, the nightstand held a lamp, an old wind-up clock, and a family photo.
On the wall above the bed, a pair of pompoms and a team pennant shared space with an embroidered high school letter and a few portraits of Hollywood’s leading men.
Off to her right, just beyond the foot of the bed, was a bookcase, its top shelf covered with an impressive assortment of sea shells and star fish.
Next to the bookcase and in front of the window was an old bureau—plain but functional. Atop the bureau was an aging typewriter surrounded by more photos and a book-marked copy of Pride and Prejudice.
She reached into the bag for her swimsuit and sandals.
———————
Standing alongside his father at the picture window, Pete eyed the surf as it rolled up onto the beach.
“Just go a little easy,” Colonel Bogie suggested. “She’s not a country girl.”
“I know, Dad,” Pete said, catching movement at the foot of the stairs. He turned to see Katie approaching in a two-piece swim suit and briefly averted his eyes. Then, overcoming his timidity, he complimented her on her sandals and informed his mom that they were leaving.
“You kids have fun,” Mrs. Bogie called from the kitchen, “and come home hungry.”
After seeing them off, Colonel Bogie went in to keep his wife company.
Walking up beside her, he turned and sat back against the counter, smiling. “...I believe I can see why she might be engaged,” he said, scratching his head.
Mrs. Bogie cleared her throat and gave him the eye. “All right, mister, you can pass me that pan over there?”
———————
Pete led Katie across the lawn and past the gazebo, picking up the wooded path down to the beach.
“How high up are we?” Katie asked.
“A little over a hundred feet, I think,” Pete said, hopping off a timber step and offering a hand.
Though she needed no assistance, Katie cheerfully obliged, and they walked on.
“So, why the wooden steps?” she asked. “It doesn’t look like you need them.”
“I know it seems that way,” Pete said, a little surprised at the question, “but when it rains, they help keep the trail from washing out.”
“Ah,” Katie said, once again taking his hand and stepping down.
They continued the winding descent with its many steps and switchbacks, stopping near the bottom at the family’s shed to pick up a set of oars.
From there the path turned to sand, widened, and emptied out onto the beach. The rowboat was a short distance away, lashed to a land anchor.
“At least the tide’s in,” Pete said, walking up to the boat. “Should be an easy launch.”
Katie closed her eyes and drank in the moment, feeling the warm breeze in her hair and soft sand under her feet. Almost without thinking, she slipped off her sandals and reached down to pick them up.
A few hundred yards to her left was the marina. Many of its occupants had already returned from a day on the Sound. Just off shore, dozens of boats bobbed at anchor, some gently rolling in the wake of a passing cruiser.
Off to her right, other rowboats and dinghies dotted the shoreline in a long graceful curve that stretched out to the port entrance.
Remembering the shell collection in Rachel’s room, Katie glanced at Pete. “Do you think we could walk first? It’s been such a long time since—”
“A little beach combing? Sure. Just let me—“ He rested the oars in the oarlocks, then accepted Katie’s sandals, laying them on the seat.
———————
Mr. Roper broke away from the paperwork to check his watch. “Hmmm, taking longer than I thought,” he told Adie. “Shouldn’t keep old Ivy waiting.”
“How much longer,” Adie asked.
“Fifteen minutes, maybe.”
“Then why don’t I go on over?” Adie suggested. “I need to see him on another matter anyway.”
“Good idea,” Mr. Roper said. “I’ll tie this up here, and Krazy and I will be right along.”
———————
The bank interior was open and spacious, with a lengthy counter of tellers in the center and offices on either side. Adie walked to the reception desk and stated her business.
After placing an intercom call to Mr. Iverson, the receptionist showed her in.
Mr. Iverson rose from his desk and offered Adie a seat. “Miss Behr, is it?” he asked, checking a note on his desk and returning to his chair. “I understood Mr. Roper was coming...something about a boat?”
Adie gave a nod. “He’s been delayed a few minutes, though I do have other business, if that’s all right.“
“Of course,” Mr. Iverson smiled. “What can I do for you?”
“I would like to make a deposit.”
“I see. And do you have an account with us?”
“It’s not for me,” she said, passing him the account number.
Mr. Iverson checked the number, rose from his desk, and hobbled to one of many file cabinets at the rear of his office. Opening the second drawer from the bottom, he flipped through several files before arriving at the matching account. He stared for a moment and pulled the folder. “Mike? Do you know Mike Bogie?” he asked, hobbling back to his chair.
“I know him as Col. Bogie,” she said, adding a brief explanation. 
“I do believe he told me about you...calls you his guardian angel,” Mr. Iverson said, standing to shake her hand. “Very nice to know you... Mike and I served together in Italy, though they sent me home a little early.” He gave his leg a pat.
“I lost my parents in the war, my brothers too,” said Adie. “If it wasn’t for men like you, I don’t know where we’d all be.”
Mr. Iverson expressed condolences for her loss and removed a deposit slip from his center drawer. “So, how much are we talking about?”
“Seventy-five thousand dollars,” Adie said without hesitation.
Mr. Iverson raised both eyebrows and calmly set his pen down. “You can’t mean that,” he said, slightly embarrassed. “You’re pulling my leg, right?”
“No, sir. I couldn’t be more serious.”
“And is he aware of this?”
“He is not.”
“Well, Miss Behr...between you and me, that is an awful lot of money. If someone gave that much to me, I’d have a very hard time accepting. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Expecting resistance, Adie had already prepared her defense, which she delivered with exuberance, determination, and no small amount of charm.
Not easily convinced, Mr. Iverson held out for some time before reluctantly giving in. “And you say he'll have no way of finding you once you leave town?”
“That's right.”
“I see,” Mr. Iverson said with a hesitant nod. “I assume these funds are to be wired?”
Adie shook her head. “I have cash.”
Just as Mr. Iverson’s stress level had begun to subside, his blood pressure was once again on the rise. “Miss Behr,” he said, pausing, “tell me you didn’t walk in here with seventy-five thousand in cash....”
Adie lifted her handbag and pulled out eight bundles of hundreds with “$10,000” stamped boldly on each seal.
“Holy Moses!” Mr. Iverson said in dismay.
To avoid alarming the patronage, he refrained from the intercom and dialed out to the receptionist. “Miss Brandt, would you send in a teller please, and have the guard step in?”
Moments later, the teller and guard entered and closed the door.
“You two are my witnesses,” Mr. Iverson said, breaking one of the seals and counting out five thousand dollars for Adie. “I am making out a deposit for seventy-five thousand dollars and updating this account statement to reflect the change.” He completed the entries and rotated the documents for all to see, drawing their attention to the name on the account. With their initials on the documents, he slipped the cash into a large envelope and passed it to the teller. “Let’s get this into the vault.”
As they made their exit, he noticed Mr. Kyriazi and Mr. Roper standing outside.
“Come on in, fellas,” Mr. Iverson said, going to the door.
They shook hands and everyone found a seat. Mr. Roper placed a manila folder on the desk, and Mr. Iverson made a quick review of the paperwork. “So, Miss Behr...you want to buy a rather large boat,” he stated.
“I do.”
He directed a curious look at Mr. Kyriazi and then Mr. Roper. “Scottie, I understand why you’re here, but why the dock master?”
“Just to confirm to Miss Behr that everything on the purchase order is legit,” Mr. Roper said. “Krazy’s seen the bill of sale. He knows my reasoning. I set it up as a charter boat, just as I would if it were mine.”
With the dock master’s confirmation, Mr. Iverson turned to Adie. “And so, Miss Behr, I assume this boat is not for you.”
Adie shook her head.
“Mike Bogie?”
“That’s right.”
“Cash?”
Having no reason to stay, the dock master excused himself and stepped out, leaving the others to iron out the final details.
When the transaction was complete, Mr. Iverson passed the papers back to Mr. Roper, and Adie stood to leave.
“Just to be sure,” Mr. Iverson said, “You want us at the Bogie’s place around seven thirty.”
“A little after, if that’s all right,” Adie said, smiling.
———————
The mission briefing concluded, and Merrick checked his wrist display. Little more than an hour remained before his departure, and two hours before the Condor launch. He grabbed his tablet and accompanied both crews to the lift.
“You should tell Ari,” Jack said.
Merrick took the suggestion and stepped aside at the lift to let everyone pass. He then summoned the adjacent lift and ascended to Deck 4.
Moments later he walked into the med bay, causing Brooke to look up from her console.
“Doc in?” he asked a little rushed.
“Two doors down,” she said, pointing.
With a nod, he moved on to the research bay where he found Ari alone in the far corner, methodically injecting one tissue sample after another into a cellular analyzer.
“Hey, Doc,” he called, “got a minute?”
Roused from his tedium, Ari took a deep breath, stretched, and swiveled his stool. “Thought you’d be in the launch bay by now.”
Merrick grinned. “Something’s come up.”
“Oh?”
“Last shipment’s at the warehouse.”
“And?”
“Ops finished the volume assessment. Seems we’re slightly over on cubic feet.”
“Doesn’t fit?”
“Oh, they can get everything into the Condor all right. There’s just no room left for anyone but the pilot and ops guy.”
“So, you have to land,” Ari concluded.
“They’re putting me in a Falcon. The launch crew’s fitting it out for passengers as we speak.”
“Then we’re all coming back on the Falcon?”
“Yep. And since you’ll end up on the Falcon anyway, I thought you might want to come along with Jack and me to pick up the doc.”
Ari glanced at the tray of tissue samples and frowned. “Hmmm, sounds tempting.”
“The Galapagos are nice this time of year,” Merrick added. “We’ll be on the ground for about an hour.”
After mulling for a moment, Ari declined. “I promised Katie I’d finish this work for her.”
Merrick smiled. “Ah, a man of his word... So, I assume these tests can’t wait.”
“Afraid not...we brief the council tomorrow—crew diet analysis, of all things.”

Chapter 39
As the cab rolled to a stop in front of the Bogie’s house, Adie opened her handbag and leaned forward.
“My friend and I will be here for a few hours, in case you want to go get some dinner,” she said, passing the cabbie three dollars. “We’ll need you back at seven, if that’s okay.”
From her second floor window, Rachel heard the cab door slam and rose from her desk to see Adie coming down the walk. She was halfway down the stairs when she heard the knock. “I’ve got it!” she called to the kitchen.
After a friendly greeting, Adie begged a moment to visit the bathroom. Then while inside, she took the opportunity to remove the pistol and holster and place them in her handbag.
Minutes later, she was back out and accompanied Rachel to the kitchen. “Something sure smells good,” Adie announced, walking in. “Could you use some help?” She removed her blazer and hung it on a dining room chair.
Mrs. Bogie turned and smiled. “Can you peel potatoes?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie said.
“Like an old hand,” Colonel Bogie added. “I’ve seen her work.”
Adie walked to the screen door and looked out. “Where’s Katie?”
“With Pete, down at the beach,” Colonel Bogie said.
The news brought a smile to Adie’s face. “Good. I’m glad she got the chance.”
“The potatoes are over there,” Mrs. Bogie said, pointing to the sink. “You’ll find a—”
“Is she here?” Pete yelled as he bolted through the front door.
Mrs. Bogie fired a quick glance at her husband. “Uh-oh, someone let the cat out of the bag.”
“You think so?” Colonel Bogie laughed.
Pete move swiftly to the kitchen entrance, but stopped short at his first sight of Adie.
“Your eye,” he said, meeting her partway in an emotional embrace.
“Sorry,” Katie said, walking in, “I didn’t mean to tell him. It just came out.”
“Oh, that’s all right, sweetie,” Mrs. Bogie said. “All’s well.”
Pete backed away slightly and kissed Adie’s cheek.
“Where’s your shirt, buddy?” Colonel Bogie asked.
“It’s here,” Katie said, lifting it up. “We needed something for the shells.”
Mrs. Bogie smiled at Pete. “The girls aren’t going anywhere, honey. Why don’t you go put something on?”
As he reluctantly walked out, Rachel moved in beside Adie to help with the potatoes.
“Katie, let’s have a look at that treasure of yours,” Colonel Bogie said, spreading the day’s newspaper out on the kitchen table.
Not a minute later, Bobby and John Bogie walked in the kitchen door and went straight to the oven.
“Wow, stuffed chicken,” Bobby said, putting his arm around his mom. “What’s the occasion?”
“Visitors,” Mrs. Bogie said.
“What visitors?”
“Are you blind?”
The two women broke away from what they were doing to say hello.
“John...Bobby,” said Mrs. Bogie, “this is Adie Behr and her friend, Katie Warren.”
Nearly stifled by their beauty and more than a little self-conscious, John looked to his father. “Our Adie Behr?”
“How sweet,” Adie murmured.
“One and the same,” Colonel Bogie confirmed.
Mrs. Bogie smiled at their timidity. “It’s okay, boys, you can shake their hands. I’m sure they won’t break.”
“And then lets go on upstairs and find something a little nicer to wear,” Colonel Bogie added. “Bobby, why don’t you grab the Kodak while you’re up there?”
“I should change too,” said Katie, glancing at Rachel. “I left my clothes in your room. Do you mind?”
An hour later, they were all seated around the table. Colonel Bogie asked the blessing, and they began to pass the food.
“So how did it go, downtown?” Mrs. Bogie asked Adie. “Were you able to get everything done?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie replied with a smile.
“She even stopped in to see me,” Rachel added.
“How thoughtful,” said Mrs. Bogie.
Colonel Bogie looked down the table at Pete. “And did you two get out in the boat?”
Pete shook his head. “Looked for shells.”
Colonel Bogie winked at Katie. “And quite a haul, I’d say.”
“Okay, it’s my turn,” Rachel said, looking around at the others. “I want to know about their fellas.”
“Oh, brother!” John protested as Pete cleared his throat.
“Now, boys, you’ll have your chance,” Mrs. Bogie said, eyeing her visitors. “But, I’m with Rachel. Tell us about these men of yours, girls.”
———————
Mrs. Bogie had planned the evening well, allowing time for a splendid home-cooked meal and plenty of engaging conversation. Even so, when the cab returned for the two women later that evening, they were all left wanting.
But time was short. Only two hours remained until the Condor would set down at the warehouse. So they gathered their things and bid the Bogies farewell.
As they drove out of the neighborhood, Katie breathed a long sigh and settled back in the seat. “That was an evening I will never forget. What a lovely family...and Pete, such a gentleman.”
“He’s grown so much since I knew him,” Adie said. “And wasn’t the dinner delicious?”
“Divine,” Katie agreed, falling silent for a moment to reflect on the day. She turned and rested her eyes on Adie.
“And what’s going through your mind?” Adie asked.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Katie said and paused. “I guess you’re just about the most wonderful friend a person could have....”
———————
The girls were not gone ten minutes when the Bogie’s heard a loud knock on their door.
Standing at the kitchen sink, Mrs. Bogie took a wet dish back from her husband. “They must have forgotten something.”
Colonel Bogie snatched a dry towel and went to answer. He noticed Rachel starting down the stairs and waved her off.
Though the sun was going down and the screen partially obscured his view, he could still recognize his friends. “Well, aren’t you an odd couple?” he marveled and stepped aside to let them in. “What? Is my boat at the bottom of the harbor?”
Mr. Iverson laughed. “Not near that catastrophic, I assure you.”
“Who’s here?” Mrs. Bogie called, trying to place the voices.
Colonel Bogie offered the men a seat and went to inform his wife.
Hearing his news and fearing trouble with the bank, Mrs. Bogie nervously dried her hands and accompanied her husband to the living room.
“Judith...,” Mr. Iverson said with a nod and smile.
The greeting brought her little comfort. “Would you gentlemen like some tea?”
Both men declined, saying they had just eaten.
After a brief pause, Mr. Iverson said, “Mike, I hardly know where to begin...one interesting afternoon, I can tell you that.”
Colonel and Mrs. Bogie sat in silence, completely oblivious.
“It seems Scottie and I have been entertaining an old friend of yours—one Adie Behr.”
Colonel Bogie turned to his wife. “Do you know anything about this?”
“Nothing,” she replied.
“Nor should you,” Mr. Iverson went on, looking intently at Colonel Bogie. “Miss Behr gave us specific instructions as to how this is to be done.”
“How what is to be done?” Colonel Bogie prodded.
Ignoring the question, Mr. Iverson said, “Before we go on, she has asked that all of your children be present.”
Colonel Bogie frowned. “Larry, I don’t mind telling ya...this sounds a little strange.”
Mr. Iverson smiled. “Humor me, Mike...if nothing else, for Miss Behr’s sake.”
Colonel Bogie glanced at his wife and tilted his head toward the stairs.
Minutes later, with the children gathered around, Mr. Iverson removed an envelope from his satchel and passed it to Mrs. Bogie. “I believe this will explain most of it...if you wouldn’t mind reading that aloud.”
Baffled by her visitors and the unusual formalities, Mrs. Bogie nervously accepted the envelope, opened it, and after a brief hesitation, began to read.

Dear Bogie Family,
It is high time, yes, high time I set the record straight about who saved who during the war.
Colonel Bogie’s comfort level dropped with each passing word. He stood and walked to the window, staring blankly at the sun reflecting off the water.
Distracted by his movement, Mrs. Bogie paused momentarily and then went on.
When I first met Col. Bogie, it was in the mountains of Czechoslovakia. He was wounded and on the run, with a German patrol close behind. Before I could reach him, he passed out and collapsed on the trail ahead of me. I heard gunshots, but the soldiers never came. Please understand, I did not save him from these soldiers. My comrades did. And once they dealt with the patrol, we were no longer in danger.
I examined Col. Bogie and found two things: severe dehydration and a large piece of shrapnel embedded in his shoulder—serious but not a threat to his life. Then, while one of my comrades went for a horse, I gave the colonel water and prepared him to travel. Later, back in camp, I removed the shrapnel and treated his wound. That’s it. That’s all I did—basic medical aid to an injured man. I did not save his life.
Now, here is what ‘he’ did: When I learned of my parents’ death, he consoled me, ministered to me, prayed for me. When I wanted to die, he gave me hope. Then when the Russians entered Czechoslovakia, out of concern for my safety, he insisted that I go with him and his guide back to the American lines.
We were on the trail for three months, often with little to eat, dodging Germans, dealing with unsavory Partisans, and sleeping wherever we could. All of this time he never let me out of his sight, except for the brief times...well...you know. Anyway, he treated me like his own daughter.
And then we ran into Pete, a Partisan captive—no more than a child in a German uniform. Surely, if no one had stepped in...well.... But someone did.
It was the colonel who arranged for Pete’s release, the colonel who won his trust, encouraged him, protected him, indeed brought us all safely through to the American lines. And while I’m on that subject, when we did make it out, I was in horrible condition—so frozen I could hardly think. Col. Bogie found blankets, arranged for a truck, and took me to a hospital. From there he flew us all to safety.
I have described only a small portion of the kindnesses Col. Bogie showed to me, my comrades, and many others on the trail.
So, as to who saved who, I will let you be the judge. But in my view, the true hero here is none other than this amazing man.
May God bless him for his service. I owe him my life.
With love to you all,
Adie

Mrs. Bogie paused and looked across the room at her husband. Then, exchanging the first page with the second, she read the greeting to herself. “This part is just for your father,” she said to the children.
Taking the hint, the children began to file out, each one stopping by their father to offer a word of admiration. Pete was last and stayed the longest.
Mrs. Bogie waited patiently for Pete to climb the stairs and for her husband to return to his seat.
“She addresses this to you, sweetheart,” Mrs. Bogie said, and she started to read.

Dear Col. Bogie,
By now we have spoken at length, and I have no doubt brought you up to date on my history since the war: my brothers’ deaths, my immigration to Israel, and now my work with this research group.
However, what you do not know is that quite recently my family’s fortune was recovered and has been restored to me. I now have more than I will ever need.
I came to New York for three reasons: to buy things for my company, to see you and your lovely family, and finally, to express my gratitude for all you have done. You gave me hope and deliverance in the darkest season of my life, and I will be forever grateful.
Therefore, I am determined to share my happiness with you and your family...to give back just a portion of what you have given me through your many acts of kindness.
I know you won’t approve. Often it seems so much easier to give than to receive. Yet, my chaplain says we must be prepared to do both. So my prayer is that you will accept my gifts in the spirit they are given. I wish you and your family health, long life, and great joy. You will be in my thoughts and prayers for as long as I live.
Your friend for life,
Adie

Colonel Bogie gazed at his wife, completely stumped, then fixing his eyes on Mr. Iverson.
“Larry?”
Mr. Iverson calmly reached into his satchel, removed a document, and passed it to Colonel Bogie. “Mike, what you have there is the most recent update to your bank statement.”
Running down the list of transactions, Colonel Bogie stopped in stunned disbelief. “You’re kidding,” he laughed, passing the statement to his wife. “This has gotta be some kind of joke.”
Mrs. Bogie drew a panicked breath and covered her mouth.
“No, Mike...not a joke,” Mr. Iverson confirmed.
Colonel Bogie dropped back in his seat, hands behind his head, looking up at the ceiling. “Adie...what have you done?”
“Couldn’t you have stopped her?” Mrs. Bogie asked Mr. Iverson.
Slightly defensive, Mr. Iverson directed his reply to Colonel Bogie. “She made her case like a lawyer—wouldn’t back down—headstrong. You know the type. Besides, when someone wants to make a deposit, I’m obligated to accept.”
“Yeah, yeah, I hear ya,” Colonel Bogie said, standing and returning to the window. He paused, looking out, then lowered his head. “Miss moneybags,” he mumbled and expelled air through his nose.
“What was that?” Mr. Iverson said.
“Clever girl,” Colonel Bogie said, walking back to stand by his wife. “No forwarding address, no phone number...nothing.”
Mrs. Bogie rested her head against her husband’s arm. “...Just think, honey, you can get that boat you’ve been wanting.”
Mr. Roper perked up and grinned. “Afraid she beat you to it,” he said, dangling the keys from his hand.
Colonel Bogie rolled his eyes in exasperation. “Oh, for the love of Mike!”

Chapter 40
The cab turned onto the main highway heading west. It was a quarter to eight and the sun was low on the horizon. Katie felt the last of its warm rays on her face as she delicately searched through the small equipment bag.
“Your complexion,” said Adie. “You look so beautiful.”
With a self-conscious smile, Katie pulled an item from the bag.
Curious, Adie scooted over for a closer look. “A sand dollar, how lovely.”
“Isn’t it something?” Katie said. “Look at the shape—how perfect—the star and the little one in the middle—like a star within a star.”
“The Lord sure makes some amazing things, huh?”
“Don’t mean to interrupt,” Jack said in both girls’ ears, “but I thought I’d give you two an update.”
“Where are you?” Adie asked, trying to keep her voice below the road noise.
“Heading for the Galapagos—about an hour out.”
“Is Ari still coming?”
“Yes, Adie, though there’s been a slight change in plans.”
“Oh?” Katie said, frowning.
“Yeah, now that everything’s at the warehouse, we’ve done some figuring, and we’re a little short on space.”
“How short on space?” Katie asked.
“Well, with the Condor fully loaded, there’s only enough room for the pilot and ops guy. Looks like everyone else will be going back on the Falcon.”
“Oh, break our hearts...,” Katie said quietly.
———————
They pulled into the warehouse parking lot a little after eight. An older model Ford was parked beside the loading dock.
The cab stopped at the side entrance and the girls got out. Rooting through her handbag, Adie came out with two twenties and passed them to the cabbie. A moment later, when he produced fifteen dollars in change, she graciously folded it back into his hand and wished him a safe trip home.
Walking into the building and turning right, they noticed the office door ajar and music playing.
Inside, they found Paul seated at the desk, flipping through paperwork and listening to a small amber-colored radio.
“That’s nice,” Adie said of the song. “What’s it called?”
Paul looked up and smiled. “Golden Earrings...Peggy Lee. You haven’t heard it?”
Adie shook her head. “So is everything here?”
“Sure is,” he said, turning down the radio. “Like to have a quick look around?”
Fifteen minutes later, with the tour complete, Paul passed the clipboard to Adie, gathered his things, and prepared to leave.
Adie thanked him for his work and asked him to return in the morning to lock up and return the keys to the leasing agent.
Then, after watching him drive away, they went back inside for a more detailed assessment of the inventory. Starting with the back aisles, they worked forward toward the loading dock, leaving the plants and animal enclosures until last.
Katie stopped beside a bird cage, and with a curious look, tapped lightly on the top. The two love birds within side-stepped nervously, and one fluttered to another perch. “I don’t know much about birds,” she admitted, “mice or turtles either. How about you?”
Adie shook her head. “Afraid not.”
Katie pointed to her ear.
“Jack?”
“...Yes, Katie.”
She checked her watch. “Are you on the surface?”
“Yep. Touched down ten minutes ago. What’s on your mind?”
“Can you patch us both in?”
“...Done.”
“Listen, we’re not very smart when it comes to animals. Can someone take a look at these little guys? We just don’t want to lose anybody.”
“Stand-by. I think Doc Socal’s outside.”
Jack expanded the image of the warehouse interior to fill his display and went out for Doc Socal.
Katie motioned to Adie. “Why don’t you talk to him? I’m sure he’d like that.”
Doc Socal took Jack’s seat and began to inspect the enclosures. “And to whom am I speaking?”
“Hi, Papa.”
Doc Socal’s voice softened. “Hello, sweetheart? I take it all is well.”
“Fine.”
“I’m checking the enclosures now,” he said. “So far, they all seem healthy enough—plenty of food and water. No one looks lethargic or stressed.”
“Is there anything we should do?”
“Let’s see...you might try moving—“
Jack reached in and switched the display to an exterior view of the warehouse. “Yes, Control, we’re seeing it.”
Doc Socal rose from the console and let Jack back in.
“Sorry, Doc.”
“What is it?” Katie prodded, sensing the urgency in Jack’s voice.
“Ladies, a police vehicle just entered your parking lot—one man. He’s pulling up to the side entrance.”
Merrick swiveled his seat to the left for a look at Jack’s display.
“He’s calling in to his station,” Jack continued.
A wave of anxiety rolled over Katie. “Does he have a gun?”
In a relaxed voice, Adie said, “Jack, I need a minute with my friend.”
Jack acknowledged and severed the link.
Adie set the clipboard down and took hold of Katie’s hands. “Listen, you...this is a police officer, not some thug. He’s a man of the law, dedicated to your safety. We are not criminals. Everything in this place we bought with our own money. The receipts are right there on that clipboard. You have nothing to fear...”
“I just have this terrible feeling, like—”
“Listen to me! This is not bad luck or some kind of coincidence. I don’t know why this man is here, but God does, and I choose to trust Him...not my feelings. How about you?” She picked up the clipboard and passed it to Katie. “Here...look important!”
Katie returned a nervous smile.
“Come on. Let’s see what he wants.”
———————
Merrick opened a small pouch on his hip and withdrew a handful of flash capsules. “Six here, plus more than we’ll need in the exterior pod,” he told Jack.
“Gentlemen,” Doc Socal interrupted, “I just don’t see it coming to—”
Jack raised his hand. “Adie?”
“Yes, Jack.”
“He’s turned off his headlights and is stepping out of the vehicle.”
———————
A twenty-year veteran of the force, Officer O’Neill was a clean-cut gentleman in his early forties. The son of an Irish immigrant, he was moderate in height with a powerful, well proportioned frame, taylor-made for his profession.
He closed the cruiser door and stepped back to look around. Aside from the absence of Paul’s old Ford, he saw nothing suspicious.
He approached the side entrance, nightstick in hand. Finding the door unlocked, he opened it slightly and called out for Paul.
“I’m afraid he’s not here,” Adie answered, walking up with Katie. “We let him go for the evening.”
“Ah... The employers, I presume.” He returned the nightstick to his belt. “Paul mentioned you were coming.”
“Adie Behr,” she said, shaking his hand, “and this is Miss Katie Warren.”
“Yes, dearie, the names ring a bell,” he said in a thick Irish accent. “Officer O’Neill, New York’s finest, at your service.”
“Can we help you, officer?”
“Just doin’ the rounds.”
Adie smiled warmly. “So, how do you know Paul?”
“Ah... Drove in about a week ago when I saw the place lit up. Been stoppin’ by ever since.”
“And we appreciate that.”
“Not at all,” Officer O’Neill said. “Not at all...and what brings you two out on this bonny evening.”
“Our shipper comes tonight.”
Near the office, a few of the caged birds started a low-level quarrel, which quickly ballooned into a multi-cage free-for-all. Then just as quickly, it tapered off.
“And what would that be about?” Officer O’Neill asked. “Someone seems unhappy.”
Adie laughed. “Family argument, I think.” She glanced back past Katie toward the office.
“Parakeets?” Officer O’Neill asked.
“Several breeds, actually. Would you like to have a look?”
Adie’s eyes flashed open as Katie’s displeasure registered in the form of a pinch on her bottom.
Katie immediately glossed over the assault by checking her watch. “Forty-five minutes,” she said, eyebrows raised. “Shouldn’t we finish the inventory?”
Taking the hint, Officer O’Neill said, “Now, ladies, I go off duty in about twenty minutes. If you don’t feel safe, just say the word, and I’ll call in and stay—at least until your people get here.”
“That’s very kind,” Adie said with a gracious smile, “but I think we’ll be fine.”
Officer O’Neill gave a nod. “Well, that’s sure to please the missus... Do you have a way home? I can arrange for a taxi.”
“That’s quite all right. We have transportation coming.”
“Ah... Then I’ll be headin’ ma way,” he said, tipping his hat. “Top of the evening to yeah, lasses.”
Adie waited patiently for the door to close, then turned to Katie with a mischievous grin, repeatedly opening and closing her thumb and forefinger. “You better run, girlfriend!”
Their lighthearted laughter and playful screaming found its way out of the loading dock and into Officer O’Neill’s window. He listened for a moment, then shook his head and drove off smiling.

Chapter 41
The Condor was an almond-shaped craft, similar to the ship but more rounded, measuring sixty feet long and forty feet wide. Compared to the other landing craft, its fuselage was relatively unremarkable, aside from the aft section, which housed a rather impressive array of conventional thrusters. Typically crowded with research consoles and instrumentation, the interior had been stripped completely to make room for cargo.
———————
Ten minutes after nine, Eastern Standard Time, the Condor began its descent.
Seated at the ops console, Stephan Harboor expanded his view of the warehouse to fill one quarter of his display.
“Dr. Stratford,” he said, “I’m seeing a number of exterior lights on their structure down there. We should probably ask them to turn those off.”
Ari gave a nod.
“I’ll have the controller link us in with Miss Behr,” Stephan continued. “If you would like to make the request, I can route her into the cabin.”
“Sounds good.”
Stephan made the request, opened the channel, and cued Ari.
“Adie?”
“...Oooh! There’s a familiar voice. Hello, handsome....”
The cabin erupted in laughter.
“Uh-oh...I guess you’re not wearing an ear thing.”
“That would be correct.”
“Sorry...how can I help you, Dr. Stratford?”
More laughter.
“Listen...can you two turn off the outside lights down there. We’d prefer not to attract attention.”
“Oh, okay. We’ll see what we can do.”
“Thanks, sweetie. See you soon.”
The pilot glanced left at Stephan. “Lets check that space between the loading dock and the trees one last time.”
“Stand-by... I measure it at ninety-three feet.”
“How much do we need?” Ari asked the pilot.
“Landing craft plus ramp...maybe seventy-five. It’s a little tight, but doable.”
———————
They flew in from the Atlantic and across Block Island, running the full length of Long Island Sound before turning south over land. Then, descending to treetop level, they overflew a forested area before slowing to hover directly above the warehouse.
The pilot maneuvered the craft forward over the loading dock parking area and descended, locking it in a hover ten feet above the blacktop.
The warehouse loading entrance was open. The exterior lights were out.
Adie checked her watch. “It’s nine-thirty,” she said to Katie. “They must be here.”
Standing just inside the entrance, the girls scanned the parking lot for any sign of the craft.
Then, hearing a subdued hiss, they saw the faint outline of the Condor’s aft entrance, and the ramp deployed.
Members of the loading team were already partway down the ramp when it came to rest on the loading dock. Adie greeted them as they walked past, then stepped aside to make way for the gravium platform.
“Hey, Earthgirl,” came a mellow voice from the top of the ramp.
Adie turned to see Ari leaning against the entryway, and she rushed up into his arms.
“Did you miss me?” she asked, her head tight against his chest.
“Like you wouldn’t believe....”
“Earthgirl...,” she murmured quietly. “I like that.”
Loosening his hold, Ari bent down and peered into the warehouse. “What do you think? Should we give them a hand?”
———————
By the time Stephan announced the Falcon’s arrival, the loading was in its final stage. Only the animal enclosures remained.
Katie walked out on the loading platform and scanned the parking lot for the other craft. As her eyes began to adjust, she heard the loud cry of an owl coming from the trees. Seconds later, it swooped down low, not twenty feet away. Just then she caught sight of the Falcon’s dimly lit entryway and the outline of a man walking toward her. Recognizing Doc Socal’s distinctive gait, she descended the loading dock steps and headed in his direction.
“Nurse Warren...,” Doc Socal said as they met.
“Doc...,” she replied, smiling. “I think you’ll find everyone in the warehouse.”
“Very well,” he said with a nod. “The owl give you a stir?”
“Oh, yes,” she replied without thinking, then covered her mouth. “Good grief! I’m starting to sound like Adie.”
Doc Socal laughed and walked on.
———————
Jack saw Katie enter the cabin, but remained silent in response to her hand gesture as Merrick spoke with the Condor pilot over his com-link.
“He’s on his way over to lend a hand,” Merrick said. “How are they doing?”
“They’re loading the last of it now,” the pilot replied. “Shouldn’t be more than five minutes.”
Katie crept up behind Merrick and pressed her cheek to his.
Startled and a little flustered, he quickly signed off and turned to give her a kiss. “Almost done,” he said, touching several icons on his console and another on the overhead. “There...now where were we?”
———————
The crew stood at a distance, watching the Condor’s ramp retract and seal. Moments later they felt the warm breath of the thrusters, and the craft lifted off into the night sky.
“Ground crew’s on their way over,” Jack said, eyeing his display.
Merrick took the cue and walked aft with Katie to receive them.
“Find a seat, guys,” he said and glanced at Adie. “You and Katie are in the front row with Doc Stratford and the bay chief.”
Returning to the cockpit, Merrick found Doc Socal waiting.
“Pilot Borgan, what do you say we move the command seat closer to the center for your future bride. I believe I’m of a mind to sit with my daughter,” he said, giving Adie a wink.
Surprised, Katie thanked him and went forward to move the seat.
“Ramp’s coming up,” Merrick announced and turned to Jack. “You can alert the controller.”
For a moment the cabin went quiet. Only the muted clicking of seat restraints was heard above the faint whine of the engines.
———————
With his preflight complete, Merrick initiated the departure protocol and the Falcon gently lifted off, tracking north out over the Sound and then east toward the Atlantic.
Coordination between flight crew and ship soon subsided and chatter returned to the cabin.
Hearing Ari field a question from the bay chief, Doc Socal looked over at Adie. “So, young lady, that was quite some expedition. How did your money hold out?”
The question jogged Adie’s memory and her eyes widened. “Well, actually, I...“ She launched a quick glance down to the left, then down to the right. Finally she leaned forward against her restraints to try and look under her seat. “Uh-oh,” she said, eyeing Doc Socal and then Ari with a pained expression.
“What is it?” Ari said.
“My purse...I think it’s under the seat.”
Overhearing, Katie rolled her head right and confirmed Adie’s suspicion.
“Do you need it?” Ari asked.
Adie’s expression remained unaltered.
“You want it,” he concluded.
She nodded repeatedly.
“Let’s ask the commander.” He looked over her head at Doc Socal.
Without hesitation Doc Socal released his restraints, strained forward, and retrieved the handbag, setting it down on Adie’s lap. “Anything for my little girl,” he said, smiling.
As the handbag came to rest on her thigh, Adie felt the weight of a small metal object inside and froze, blood rushing to her head.
“You okay?” asked Ari.
“I made a mistake,” she confessed, red-faced.
“What kind of mistake?”
She cringed and reached into the handbag. “A big mistake,” she said, lifting the pistol up between her thumb and forefinger.
“Oh-boy,” Ari said, eyebrows raised.
“Nice!” Doc Socal exclaimed, amused by Adie’s pitiful expression.
“Can you forgive me?”
Doc Socal slowly shook his head. “Adie, Adie, what are we going to do with you?”
“Something I should know?” Merrick asked, still occupied with his console.
Doc Socal laughed. “As they say in the gangster movies, ‘Adie’s packing heat.’”
“As in...a gun?”
“As in a gun,” Ari confirmed. “But fear not, the matter is in hand.”
“So much was going on, I completely forgot about it,” Adie said, thoroughly mortified.
Doc Social took a slow, deep breath. “All right, young lady, one step at a time. First, is it loaded?”
“Yes, Papa,” she said respectfully.
“I see. And can we remove the bullets without shooting up the place?”
“Yes, Papa.”
“Then let’s do that.”
Pointing the pistol at the floor, Adie carefully pressed a button on its side, releasing the magazine into her hand.
With a nod Doc Socal said, “Now, is there still a bullet in the chamber?”
She placed the magazine on her lap, then racked the slide to the rear and let go. “No, Papa,” she said and passed him the gun.
“Okay, why don’t you remove the bullets from the magazine?”
She complied and poured them into his hand. “Would you like the others?”
“You have more?”
“Yes, Papa.” She rooted through her handbag and passed him the small box.
“Now is that everything?” He asked calmly.
“Yes, Papa.”
He placed the loose rounds back in the box and turned to direct his voice aft. “Gentlemen, I have an item for the disintegration chamber.” He held up the box and passed it back. Then after inspecting the pistol, he returned it to Adie.
“But, aren’t you going to throw it out?” she asked.
Doc Socal shook his head. “It’s harmless enough. Anyway, I thought you might want a memento...you know, of your trip.”
“...Oh, sure,” Adie smirked, “to remind me of my big mistake.”
Katie turned her head. “You can always add it to the artifacts.”
Adie considered briefly but decided to keep it.
“Here, let me put it back together,” Ari said.
Intrigued, Adie passed him the gun and magazine. “...That’s right,” she said. “Now, press it up until it clicks.”
Ari took a moment to admire the gun before placing it back in her hand.
After a moment of silence, Doc Socal raised his voice to address Katie. “So, Nurse Warren, how did you find your time among the good citizens of Earth?”
Katie turned her head slightly. “Overall, I was pleasantly surprised. Though I admit, last week I was a little jittery at first. But once we started meeting people, well, aside from a few habits and mannerisms, I might as well have been on Marcova.”
“What kind of habits?” Merrick asked.
“Smoking, for one...it made my eyes water. Once, I thought I was going to choke.”
“Anything else?” Doc Socal asked.
Katie pondered briefly. “Of course they’re a lot less technical than we are...gives them more time for personal relationships...kind of a good thing, I thought.”
Ari gave Adie’s hand a pat. “I had a little time last night, so I watched some imagery of the shopping? I must say...you two seemed to be having a good time.”
Adie laughed. “We had an unlimited budget—more than we could spend. It was like heaven... Of course the sales people were most helpful.”
“Except for that woman in the dress shop,” Katie interjected.
“Okay, I’ll grant you that,” Adie said. “She was kind of pill.”
“Most of that was censored,” Ari complained. “I was hoping to see the wedding dress.”
Deep furrows formed on Adie’s brow.
Ignoring her sour face, Ari said, “What do you think? Maybe when we get back, you two can try them on for us.”
Merrick perked up. “I’m for that!”
Utterly appalled, Adie exclaimed, “We will most certainly not!”
“Why not? What’s wrong?” Ari asked, pretending disappointment.
“It’s bad luck! That’s what’s wrong!”
“But Christians don’t believe in luck,” Merrick quipped.
Adie looked at Ari with pleading eyes. “It’s just not right, that’s all.”
Ari took hold of her hand and laughed. “Now sweetheart, do you honestly think we would make you do something against your will? Besides...you forget. I know your customs.”
Adie rolled her eyes. “You two...always with the jokes.”
Ari chuckled. “Ah, but what’s life without a little fun?”
“All right, you guys,” Katie interrupted, “can’t you see the girl’s had enough stress for one day.”
Adie gave Ari’s hand a loving squeeze and began to rummage through her handbag.
“My word,” she said, “what are we going to do with all of this extra money?”
Merrick glanced back smiling. “Maybe we can start a business.”
“Ha, ha,” Adie said, “who needs money up here?”
Ari thought for a moment and began to grin. “There is a certain game I know....”
Adie drew an insulted breath and clutched the handbag to her chest. “Forget it, buster! This is not Monopoly money!”

Epilogue
By any measure, the shopping excursion was a complete success, producing a treasure trove of items previously unattainable.
In the week that followed and leading up to the wedding, the ship was abuzz with activity: drug samples analyzed, plants and seeds assimilated, perfumes synthesized and distributed, artifacts examined and categorized, ping pong and pool tables happily employed, and to Adie’s great delight, two pianos assembled, tuned, and put into action.
Beyond items for research and recreation, Adie had filled numerous personal requests, a few somewhat functional such as the console radio for the captain and the mantle clock for the reactor engineer. Others were intended more as a novelty or keepsake. In the end, one thing became exceedingly clear—crew morale had never been better.
———————
On the twenty-fifth day of June 1948, forty days after Adie’s arrival, a double wedding took place on the lower level of the sports-plex. Two days had gone into preparations, including a lush garden setting for the ceremony and a Ball-like reception on Deck 4, complete with Steinway grand.
A short time before the ceremony commenced, the lower level filled to capacity. Those who could not be seated were diverted up to the pool level to watch from the railing.
Then with everyone in place and music playing, the chaplain walked in, followed by the grooms and Walt, their best man. They took their positions on the platform, and after a momentary lull, the bridal march began. Immediately one of the lift barriers opened at the back of the room, and the brides stepped out, followed by Brooke, their maid of honor, with the twins close behind.
After a slow and graceful procession to the front, the two women paused just short of the platform. Captain Argon and Doc Socal then moved forward and with a verbal cue from the chaplain, tenderheartedly gave the brides away.
It was a typical Marcovan ceremony and not unlike those of Earth: a sober charge to the couples, words lovingly exchanged, vows taken, rings given, and...oh yes...the kiss. Twenty minutes later, they were off to the reception, an event widely regarded as the most enjoyable of the voyage.
Though the original plan called for a honeymoon in the Phoenix Islands, the couples, after listening to Dr. Bradbury, opted to join his team on a biological expedition to a remote lake in western Canada.
They stayed for a week of marital bliss, camping and exploring the pristine wilderness.
Upon their return, Ari moved in with Adie, and Katie joined Merrick on Deck 9 in one of the larger pilot’s quarters.
The next day, Adie’s education commenced in earnest. Mr. Argon, the captain’s father, assumed responsibility for her general studies while the various work centers built on knowledge gained during her initial orientation.
As was her nature, she learned quickly and soon found herself pondering a career. Her point of decision came at a social gathering, when Brooke confided a dilemma: how to continue serving as senior nurse and effectively pursue her primary calling—medical research.
For Adie the answer seemed obvious—allow Brooke to work full time in research, move Katie or Daren up to Brooke’s position, and for herself, to begin a career in nursing.
Naturally the idea received Ari’s wholehearted approval, and within a week she was wearing the deep blue tunic of a med bay nurse.
Under the tutelage of Katie and Daren, her training progressed, and she was soon performing many duties unsupervised.
Then came the pregnancy....
Twins, widely believed to skip generations, struck again for both the Stratford and Behr families. On the day of the couple’s first anniversary, Adie delivered two boys, David and Gilbert, lovingly named after her deceased brothers.
The entire crew rejoiced, but none more than the senior zoologist. Doc Socal, who had been so long without a family, now found himself with a daughter, a son-in-law, two nieces, two grandsons and the affection of lovely Brooke Hayden. In every way he had become the man he once was, and the entire crew was the better for it. Six months later, he asked Brooke for her hand in marriage, a decision he would forever credit to her superb collection of exotic fish.
———————
For over eleven hundred years, twenty-three successive ERS crews had enjoyed free access to the remote regions of Earth. This was soon to change.
Two technologies born out of World War II—land-based radar and the jet engine—had caught the attention of the ops division. Further improvements in the years that followed made some expedition sites unreachable, while others required altered approach routes. 
Then came the tragic incident of November 23, 1953. While en route to a research site in central Canada, a Falcon carrying Dr. Brent Heath and his geology team passed within range of a radar-equipped US Air Force fighter. Events unfolded so quickly and unexpectedly that ship ops personnel were caught completely off guard. Further complicating the matter, the Falcon pilot had engaged optical camouflage, rendering his craft invisible to the fighter, which was closing in quickly from behind. Seeing the ‘Imminent Collision’ enunciator flashing on his console, the Falcon pilot toggled his display for an external view, initiated full acceleration, and broke right. Regrettably, the fighter encountered the Falcon’s thrust turbulence, causing the Air Force pilot to lose control of his aircraft. The resulting g forces were so extreme that both the pilot and his radar operator lost consciousness and never recovered. 
The Falcon was immediately recalled to the ship, and from that day forward, trips to the surface were sharply curtailed.
———————
With the launch of Sputnik in the fall of 1957, the US Air Force instituted Project Space Track, also known as the Space Fence, a radar system designed to detect orbital objects as small as a foot in diameter at up to 15,000 miles out in space.
The ship’s ops personnel became aware of the project more than a year before it became operational and sent a notification off to Marcova. Meanwhile, the ship’s engineers and satellite technicians went about replacing the many observation satellites with a more stealthy design. The ship itself, however, at over a quarter mile in length, represented a far greater risk of discovery, and reengineering for stealth was simply not feasible. The most logical answer: move the ship out to 22,000 miles and into a geosynchronous orbit.
So, on the fifth day of February 1959, the ship’s massive thrusters came to life and boosted ERS-23 out an additional 10,000 miles, well beyond the range of detectability.
And thus ended all excursions to the surface of the earth.

*  *  *

On the southwestern horn of the Koluran continent, not far from the great Kaska escarpment, lies the seaside village of En-Rogel. Situated a few degrees above the Marcovan equator, the residents enjoy a warm tropical climate mitigated by cool ocean currents and westerly trade winds. A popular resort, it is this place that many ERS-23 crewmembers call home.
Just over the mountain to the east, a half-hour transit away, is a thriving community, complete with spaceport, regional medical center, and several institutions of higher learning.
It is a typical evening: a cloudless sunset of rich warm tones, a soft, cool breeze blowing in off the water, and small watercraft moving in and out of port.
Tau Ceti casts its final waning rays upon the harbor and the hills beyond—hills well populated with private dwellings, some on the surface—others suspended at various levels aloft. The “sky-homes” are beautiful cube-shaped dwellings with outer walls of liquid crystal polymer, while the surface dwellings are less symmetrical but no less attractive.
Atop the lowest of the hills, overlooking the harbor, is a home set back in the trees. On its ocean-facing side is a veranda and a married couple reclining on a lounger.
They talk of work that day. He asks if their sons will attend the crew reunion. She answers and asks what he would like for dinner. He says...as always, “Whatever’s next.” She laughs and takes his hand. On and on they go until dusk passes and the stars come out. Then she falls silent, and resting her head back against the pillow, she trains her very special eye on the cosmos above. It is mid-year and a rare evening. Neither Portho, the mother planet, nor Delda, the sister moon, are up—only the stars.
Among the constellations this evening is her favorite—Solistaris. Six stars make up the constellation, the brightest of which is Sol...the Sun.
As she takes in the immensity of the cosmos, her mind begins to drift...
Earth...so far away, she ponders...yet seems so close. How can all of this be coincidence...? Certainly God has a purpose... He must have a plan... Why can’t these civilizations come together? Will Earth ever know peace...? So much destruction and so little progress... Is there no Unity Day in Earth’s future? Surely there will come a day, she concludes, squeezing her husband’s hand. Surely there will come a day....

# # #
Acknowledgements
With the seemingly infinite variety of stories written over the years, the prospect of producing an original narrative is indeed daunting. As such, I would be remiss if I didn’t thank the good Lord, who gave me this story and the skills to deliver it.
A special thanks to my wife, Nora, who is in many ways my inspiration for this book and has been most encouraging and helpful.
I am also beholding to a small cadre of people who provided editing support, mentoring, and motivation. Among these are, Robin Boardman, Molly Lofties, Gail Fry, and Annabelle Levithol.
Finally, at the risk of seeming insane, my thanks to the characters of the book, my ever-present companions over the past five years.
Cited Works
Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. “Superman.” Action Comics #1 (June 1938), 1-13, DC Comics.
The Wizard of Oz. Dir. Victor Fleming. Perf. Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Bert Lahr, and Jack Haley, Frank Morgan, Billy Burke, Margaret Hamilton, Charley Grapewin and the Munchkins. Loew’s Incorporated, 1939. Film.
The Best Years of Our Lives. Dir. William Wyler. Perf. Dana Andrews, Fredric March, Harold Russell, Myrna Loy, Virginia Mayo, Teresa Wright, Hoagy Carmichael. MGM, 1946. Film.
Darrow, C. D. (2006). Monopoly: the property trading board game. Eastwood, N.S.W. : Hasbro / Parker.
About the Author
William Boardman was born in Bethesda, MD in 1951 and is a retired US Air Force photojournalist. His rich military heritage combined with an avid interest in world history and science fiction offer a unique perspective and a reading experience to remember.
Other Books By William Boardman
The To Earth and Back:
The Mission
Contact Information
teab.wb@gmail.com

