
















Heroes & Thieves
By Heather C. Myers

Text Copyright © 2014 Heather C. Myers
All Rights Reserved
Cover Image/Design Copyright © 2014 Katya Sarria

All Rights Reserved

For Kylee and Jacob

Chapter I
The scrag was dank and dirty, loud and obnoxious, and she couldn't count how many times customers had slapped her rear, hoping to implore her for a good time. It didn't matter that she was strictly a bar wench (or, as she liked to call herself, a bar maid) who refused to offer certain services despite the money and despite her employer encouraging such action. "When you make money, I make money," he would tell her, but even he knew how stubborn she was. This, however, did not stop him from pressing, as she walked into said scrag to start her shift. Norman usually worked her during the night, when the crowd was at its rowdiest. He knew she could handle them, and did not hesitate to throw anyone out, despite their name or even their title. This scrag was her home; it had been since she was fourteen. Eight years later, and she was still there, although not necessarily because she wanted to be.
Norman knew what a free spirit Arabella, or Belle as she was called, was. There were times during the slow nights when he would find her outback, merely looking out at the sea. Sometimes she would be looking up at the night sky, at the moon and the stars, but the message was still the same; she didn't like being on a small island, especially when she couldn't leave. She had no ship, no boat, and no family, at least from what he knew of. He started her as a dish washer in the back, but as she got older, he began placing her as a bar wench, taking orders and serving food and drinks. She wasn't bad looking, so some nights, she would get tipped well, but he had no idea what she did with her money. Last he heard, she was saving it up for a boat of her own, despite no previous knowledge of sailing.
As soon as Belle walked in, her chestnut colored hair pulled into a messy bun, with a dirty tunic and breeches on rather than the typical dress, another older wench, Bessy, went over to her. Bessy had carrot-red hair, also pulled into what was once a nice bun, but as the night wore on, errant curls began to escape from their confines and surround her face. Her dreary blue eyes looked tired, and the way she had walked over to the young woman revealed that she was already sore. Bessy was short, maybe five foot three, and squat. She had to be somewhere in her forties, which was a feat unto itself, and when someone asked, would occasionally provide the services Norman had encouraged.
"Capt'n Aaron Donovan is here," she stated, her blue eyes widening.
Pirates were common customers at the Bloody Mistake. It was the closest scrag to the water front and everyone knew that it served the best rum in the Caribbean. The Bloody Mistake also offered beds for those too drunk to leave, those who purchased company and needed a place to stay, or those who just wanted to sleep in an actual bed rather than the usual hammock or cot used out at sea. It was also the most successful scrag on the small island of Tortuga, and had many regular customers. At times, even members of the Royal Navy would frequent The Bloody Mistake, turning a blind eye at the illegal activity taking place there for a generous discount on said illegal activity.
Captain Aaron Donovan, however, was not as frequent as most customers, but his name had already gone down in infamy, and he was only eight-and-twenty years in age. Known for being the Robin Hood of the Seven Seas, it was quite common for Aaron Donovan to skillfully loot a governor, a commodore, or anyone wealthy and provide the less fortunate with the majority of their profit. Donovan only took a sliver of the wealth for himself and his crew; just enough to get by. He had to have been around for at least ten years because Belle had heard legends surrounding the pirate captain when she was very young. She had always been fascinated by him, and wondered just how many of the stories he played a key role in were true.
"Can ye take his table?" Bessy all but pleaded, her eyes hopeful as they looked into Belle's murky green ones. "Ye know 'ow many people he normally 'as with 'im. It'd be a good tip for ye, 'specially since ye be so young…"
Bessy was never one to beg; she had too much pride for something such as that. However, Belle could read between the lines of her statement, and knew that if Bessy did beg, this would be how she did it. Belle could see how tired, how sore, the older woman was.
"Yes, of course," Belle said, nodding her head once. "Have they ordered yet?"
"Not yet," Bessy answered, shaking her head before she walked away. Norman would surely lose his wits if he saw the two socializing while his scrag was filled with customers that needed to be waited upon.
Belle sighed and ran her fingers through her hair, stopping at the formation of her bun. She made her way to the back - Captain Donovan's usual place when he did come here - and stopped when she reached the rowdiest table. She spotted the captain easily; he was sandwiched between to gaudy whores who were desperately trying to capture his attention and failing miserably. The pirate was clean shaven, with dark chocolate brown eyes and short, but shaggy brown hair. He was dressed in crisp clothing, although not incredibly fashionable among the wealthy; a clean, white tunic, brown slacks, and worn but polished brown boots. His eyes were focused on the table before him; it seemed some sort of game was going on among the men. Coins and crumpled currency were sitting off to the side while two die were on the table. Belle watched, momentarily distracted, as the pirate captain picked up the die, curling his long fingers around the two cubes, murmured the word "Seven" in a low voice, and then rolled. Surprisingly, one five and one two turned up, and the captain collected the money with a triumphant grin on his face.
Belle subtly shook her head a couple of times before clearing her throat and asking, "What can I get for you?" She had to be firm but not obtrusive; she needed their attention long enough for them to order and that was it.
Aaron Donovan didn't even look at her as he replied, "A round of rum for the lot here."
Cheers immediately erupted among the small crowd at the table. Belle didn't make any moves to fill the order quite yet; she was so surprised at the lack of disrespect the pirate captain had given her. Apparently, it was beyond his ability to look up at her while he spoke to her.
Finally, as though he knew she was still waiting there, staring at him, he looked up at her, their eyes clashing against each other. "Are you having trouble counting, doll, because there are twenty-four of us, not including these whores." They glanced sharply at him and he shrugged innocently. "Well, that's what you are, is it not?" His eyes found Belle's once again. "Why are you still here? Do you have a counting problem?"
"No, actually, I don't, but thanks for your concern," she snapped, narrowing her eyes at him. "However, it appears to me that somebody here has an attitude problem. Now, I will go get your drinks despite the rudeness of your request for twenty-four you said, correct? Yes, I suggest that you contemplate how valuable you think your life really is because, despite what you may believe, the world does not revolve around you."
A collective and very juvenile 'oh' spread throughout the crowd, but Belle paid them no mind. She gave Donovan a challenging stare before turning and processing his order.
When she returned, three other bar maids returned with her. This time, Aaron looked up when she returned and leaned against the back of his chair, his eyes pensive as he looked at her.
"I thought about what you told me," he murmured in his low voice, his tone very serious. "And while I agree that you are correct in the way the whole world doesn't revolve around me, most of it does. My life is quite valuable; I provide for those who need providing. What do you do?"
Belle smiled brightly as she handed him his drink. "I serve the drinks, of course," she told him. She turned back to the other bar maids and quietly thanked them for their assistance, knowing she probably wasn't going to get tipped quite as much as she was hoping for from such a big party. When they left, she looked back at the die resting on the table. "What game are you playing?"
"You place a bet, guess a number, throw the die, and if you win, you collect your winnings," Donovan told her.
"May I try?" she asked, her murky green eyes wide as they stared at the game playing before her.
"This game is a gents' game," he stated matter-of-factly. "Though you are dressed as such, you are obviously not a gent, and therefore are unable to play the game."
"Well, if you are certain a woman will beat you at your man's game, I completely understand your hesitancy," she quipped. The crowd surrounding the two became silent as they stared at their captain, wondering what he would choose to do.
"I do not recall hesitating," Donovan clarified after a long moment. "If I were to allow you to play once, what would you be willing to gamble?" He perked his brow; a challenge, she recognized.
She thought for a moment. What could she offer him indeed? She would never offer her body, but if she did, judging from the cold treatment of the whores beside him, she highly doubted he would accept. Well, what did pirates like, exactly? She had no money on her – it being the start of her shift, and she knew naught where buried treasure rested. Think more practical, she told herself.
Supplies! She was close friends with a man who was in charge of sailing supplies. Actually, maybe friend wasn't the right word. He seemed to be sweet on her, and always flirted with her whenever he saw her. Sometimes, he would stop by the scrag just to speak with her, even for a few minutes. Always nice, Stephen Barnaby was also interestingly handsome, but Belle had never been nor would ever be interested. However, she could use her connection to him in order to play this game.
"I can offer a large discount on supplies for your ship," she said, taking a seat across from him and arching a brow.
Donovan pursed his lips and connected his fingertips so they formed a triangle. "All right then," he said, grabbing the die and placing them in Belle's hand. "Have your roll. What would you like to call?"
"Ugh… a two," Belle said, thinking of the first thing that came to her mind.
"Snake eyes," he corrected, then he glanced at his group. "Gents, place your bets."
"I don't want your money," she told him in a firm voice. Her heart beat furiously, but she would not falter concerning her intent now that she had the proper confidence. "I want you to take me aboard on your ship, guarantee my safety, and then drop me off at the next port."
"There is no guarantee in life, doll," he told her seriously. "And you do not have a particular port in mind?"
Belle shook her head, determination flashing in her eyes. "It does not matter," she told him quietly. "I just want to leave here, and since this opportunity presented itself, I decided to seize it before it slips away."
"Clever," he stated, and then gestured at the table. "Have your roll. We have a deal."
Belle jiggled the die in her hand for a moment. She was not very religious, but at that moment, she prayed that whoever was supposed to have created Earth and everything on it that she would roll snake eyes or whatever he had called it. Releasing the die, she watched them hit the table and watched as a four and a three popped up. Her heart sank. She had so desperately wanted to leave the island.
"Ironic," Donovan murmured, his eyes on the die. "The luckiest number turns up when you do not want it to."
Belle stood up. "Thank you," she told him, wiping her hands on her breeches. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have customers to attend to."
"The supplies, dear," he called after her. "I'll be here at noon tomorrow to make sure you keep your end of the bargain."

Chapter II
It was far away, and long ago, but it had never disappeared. How old had she been when it had happened? Thirteen... maybe fourteen? It didn't matter; it had happened and that was all there was to it. But it never disappeared…
"Where is Brylee, Papa?" she asked, looking up at her grandfather with those big, jaded green eyes.
"Well, my baby Arabella," he began, his friendly blue eyes twinkling as he smiled at his oldest granddaughter. "She is out for a stroll with your mother. They are going shopping for your birthday."
The young girl's eyes widened further, if that was even possible, and a brilliant smile eclipsed her face. She crawled off of her bed and into her grandfather's lap, despite her father's disapproval of such an action at her age. But Arabella did not care; she was quite close with her grandfather, and his lap provided complete and utter safety. When she was there, she felt like nothing bad could ever touch her. She was as safe as she would ever be.
"What do you think they will get me?" she asked him with excitement. "Do you think they will get me a horse? You know how long I have been asking for a horse!"
"I cannot say, my dear," he told her. "But, while we wait for them, why don't I tell you a story, hmm?" His brow perked up, and she nodded enthusiastically. "Now, which one should I tell you? Snow White? The poor cinder girl? The golden mermaid?"
Arabella shook her head, her nose scrunching with obvious distaste. "I want to hear about Captain Aaron Donovan," she told him firmly, her face becoming ever so serious. It had always amused him whenever she grew serious, especially over something as simple as a story. "And how he robbed our governor under his nose!"
Oral Browne chuckled at his granddaughter's enthusiasm and nodded as she got comfortable. Her small legs hung off the edge of the chair he was in, and she rested her head comfortably on his shoulder. Oral let his arms dangle off the arm rests of the chair as he began to relay the story of the infamous Captain Aaron Donovan, of the Crimson Serpent. Arabella had heard this tale hundreds of time, and never seemed to tire of it. Her younger sister Brylee did not like such stories, and preferred the familiar fairytales most girls her age listened to over and over again, including the ones Oral had offered to tell Arabella. Brylee found pirates to be quite boring and even a tad repelling. Why would any woman choose to sail away with a dirty, law-breaking pirate with a warrant on his head instead of marrying a perfectly handsome, respectable, and charming prince? It was beyond her. But Arabella seemed to enjoy it, and Brylee loved her older sister very much.
Arabella was currently thirteen years of age, nearly fourteen, while Brylee was merely eleven. Already Arabella had been arranged to marry sixteen year old Dustin Commack, a duke from England who was currently living in the Caribbean because of his career path. He had joined the Royal Navy on his sixteenth birthday, and since pirates were so common in the Caribbean, it was thought that he would learn more quickly and advance through the ranks much more quickly here. The young girl had met her betrothed on a number of occasions, and while he was quite humorous, he was not necessarily handsome, at least not to her. With very short dark hair, and gold eyes, she knew she probably should be attracted to him. He was five foot ten, very fit, and had a scar of the top corner of his head that took the shape of a crescent he had received as a young boy. Instead of being odd, it seemed to fit the man, and many people found it very becoming on him.
Everyone except Arabella. She was not exactly charmed by him, nor was she attracted to him. He was always courteous when courting her, and they always seemed to have filling conversations. The whole town seemed to think it was a good match, even congratulating the young girl on such a good pick. How lucky she was, they would say.
But Arabella did not feel lucky. She had wanted to travel and see the world before she married and produced children. Secretly, she did not even know if she wanted to get married in the first place. She already had very little freedom, and did not want to sacrifice what she had for a man she barely knew. Yes, she knew she was being selfish, but she did not care. While Arabella was not afraid of him, per say, there were times when he would look at her with those penetrating eyes of his and she would feel a shiver of dread run down her spine. She could not explain why, but she did not like him.
Just as Oral had reached the climax of the story, a knock on the large, oak door, interrupted him. Oral invited the knocker in.
"Sir, a Lord Marquis Commack is here to see you," a butler informed Oral. "He says it is pertaining to a business affair."
"Of course," Oral nodded. "Tell him I shall be there in a moment." He glanced down at his granddaughter. "We shall finish our story soon."
For whatever reason, Arabella felt that same shiver of dread slide down her back. Immediately she locked her arms around her grandfather's neck, and looked at him with wide eyes. This time, however, they were not due to wonder, but of fear.
"Do not leave me," she told him in a hushed voice.
"I promise you, my sweet, I will be right back," he told her gently, but Arabella could read his eyes; he wanted her to release him.
She nodded once, unlocking her arms and sliding off his lap. Watching him retreat and then slip out the door, she realized how vulnerable she felt. Her sense of safety had disappeared with her grandfather, and now she was truly alone.
She didn't know how long she had been standing in her bedroom, staring into nothingness, when he came in. He was not supposed to be here without an escort; that was all she could think about. What was he doing here? Why was he alone? When he locked the door and forced her on the bed, she knew what he had come for. Before, she had figured that if anything like this had ever happened to her, she would fight back. But now, she was frozen, completely helpless. All she could do was go numb, and that was what she did. It was blackmail of the mind… blackmail of the soul. What was he telling her as he was taking her innocence? She was his… it was a good thing she wasn't fighting back… no one would believe her… he was taking what was his… God, it hurt. When would it be over? When would he leave? When would the pain disappear? Why wasn't she fighting back?
"You are lucky you are marrying me," he told her when he was finished, as he began to redress himself. "No one will have you as a wife for now you are soiled. You belong to me. Only a pirate would touch you. I hope you remember that. Now clean yourself up. You look like a whore."
And then he was gone. She did not remember how long she had been lying in her bed. Her grandfather had knocked, but she had sent him away, claiming fatigue, and he did not question her. The pain was numbing; it was hard for her to even think. She should have been crying, but she wasn't. All she knew was that she could not marry this man. However, she knew she could not go to her family. Her mother and father would not believe her, and she knew that Dustin had a way with words. Even if her parents did believe her, he could find a way so that it seemed it was her fault. And her grandfather, her dear, dear Papa; she could not go to him like this. How ashamed he would be, that his darling granddaughter let someone take advantage of her.
She had to run away. It was her only option. Arabella could sneak onto a ship, and escape the first place it docked, just as long as it was away from here. Start a new life, give up her inheritance, give up her right to marry Dustin… Her only regret would be leaving Brylee, leaving her Papa… but she had to do it. And she did.
Belle gasped, so startled by her nightmare that she nearly rolled out of the small bed she was currently occupying in the Bloody Mistake. The ship had docked in Tortuga to pick up supplies before it voyaged out to England. Tortuga was her new home.
She didn't know if she had been crying in her sleep, or if the tears had started as soon as she had woken up. Nevertheless, they were there, reminding her of that fateful day. It didn't matter that it happened long ago, and far away; it would never disappear.

Chapter III
Belle could not go back to sleep after the nightmare she had just experienced. Instead, she busied herself with menial tasks in her one-bedroom room, just above the Bloody Mistake. Norman had given her a room, free of charge, if she worked for him. At thirteen years old with no one to take care of her, she could not reject the free shelter nor the opportunity to make some money. In fact, it was more than she could ask for, and eight years later, she was still there. After sweeping, she headed down stairs were Simon, the morning cook, made her a plate of scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes, which she ate with much enthusiasm. When she had finished, she helped around the scrag, though she didn't have to, until half past eleven rolled around.
Stephen Sweeney's Supply Shop was located near the docks so it was easier to load the ships. The sun was high up in the sky, indicating the approximate noon time. Belle glanced around, but found no indication of Captain Donovan's presence, so she decided to go into the shop so that she could speak with Martin first. She spotted Stephen's younger brother, Bert, bouncing a ball on a nearby wall. The ball ricocheted off the wall and somehow ended up back in the ten year old's hand, no matter how high, how low, how right, or how left the ball went.
"Arabella," a warm voice greeted her, and she turned. Stephen Sweeney was the only person on this bloody island that ever called Belle by her full name. He was quite the gentleman, which surprised her initially. She believed residents in Tortuga were rather forward with their obvious intentions, and most of them were, but good-natured people were sprinkled throughout the town. It was just harder to find them.
"Stephen," Belle replied, with a smile on her face. She walked over to meet him, and greeted him with her usual kiss on the cheek. When she pulled away, she was not surprised to find the supply sale man blushing.
Stephen Sweeney was quite handsome at twenty-four. He was pushing six feet, with brown hair tied back with a piece of navy blue ribbon. Though it was hard to maintain clean clothes on the island, he always looked immaculate and sharp; not only were his clothes always clean, but they were pressed, and his boots were always polished. He had kind, crystal blue eyes and a dimple in his left cheek. While the man was so obviously sweet on Belle, she did not necessarily return such sentiments. The man, of course, was quite deserving of such sentiments, and there were times when Belle would question why she did not fancy him the way he fancied her. It was unexplainable, and Belle had given up long ago on trying to reason with herself. She had learned long ago that she could not force herself to love someone, despite feeling that she should.
"And what brings you around?" he asked her. "Not that I mind your presence, just curious is all."
Belle chuckled. "Oh Stephen," she said with a smile. Her face turned serious momentarily. "Actually, I have come to ask you a grand favor."
"Anything, Arabella," he replied honestly. This just caused guilt to run through Belle's veins. She knew he would do anything for her, and she did not like taking advantage of that. But a bet was a bet; there was no going back now. She took a breath, determined to go through with her question. "I came across Captain Aaron Donovan last night at the Mistake. He was playing some sort of dice game with his crew, and well… you know how much I long to leave Tortuga, so I asked if I could play…"
"You made a gamble," he stated, knowingly. "Oh, Arabella, you know die games are for men. You didn't gamble free supplies, did you?"
Belle shook her head so quickly that strands of her hair slipped out of the loose elastic and surrounded her heart-shaped face. "Of course not," she told him. "I did, however, promise him a discount on supplies before he leaves. I really did think I was going to win."
Stephen stared at the sheepish young woman before finally relenting. He knew he could never say no to her, even if she had promised the pirate captain his whole store. That woman would most definitely be the death of him one day… He pulled Belle into a hug. Instinctively, Belle tensed. She had never grown comfortable with physical contact with a man, despite her close relationship with him. Her mind started to numb itself, waiting for it to be over.
"Am I interrupting something?" a familiar voice drawled somewhere behind her. "Shall I come back later?"
Belle took this opportunity to break free from Stephen's hold. She spun on the heel of her worn shoe, and tilted her head slightly to the side, giving him a cool look. "You are already late," she said as she watched him swagger over to where she was standing. "This is Stephen Sweeney; he will give you the generous discount on whatever supplies you need, as I have promised."
"All right then," Aaron said, and turned to this Stephen Sweeney, ready to divulge all the necessary information to the man. Belle took this time to disappear, deciding to visit Bert for a while before she had to head back to the scrag to start her shift.
"Hello Bert," she said with a warm smile. "What is it that you are playing?"
The boy caught the ricocheting ball and turned to observe her. He looked just like his older brother, except Bert's eyes were a bit darker and his hair was a bit lighter.
"I don't know what it's called," he answered politely, then glanced at his brother. His eyes grew wide with recognition and he shifted his attention back to Belle. "Is that Captain Aaron Donovan? I didn't know he was here on Tortuga! Do ye think he'll speak to me?"
Belle smiled at Bert's enthusiasm concerning the pirate captain. She knew that if she had seen Captain Donovan at Bert's age, she'd probably feel the same way. "Would you like me to introduce you to him?" she asked Bert, and had to bite her bottom lip when the young boy could do nothing but nod once. She took Bert's hand into her own and led the young boy over to the conversing men. They waited until the two had finished before Belle spoke.
"Captain Donovan," she called, causing the pirate captain to pause in mid-step and regard her with a patient glance. Belle took this as means to go on. "I would like to introduce you to an admirer of yours." She glanced to her left, where she had left the young boy, only to find him gone. A glance to her right revealed the same thing.
"If this is some sort of psychological game where you are, in fact, my admirer, I would just like to remind you that we have already met," he said cheekily, and she pursed her lips.
"Trust me," she muttered under her breath. "I am no admirer."
At that moment, Bert stuck his head out from behind Belle, and looked at the pirate captain with wide eyes. "Ah," Belle said, upon noticing him, "there you are." She took a step to the side so Bert was fully revealed. "Bert, this is Captain Aaron Donovan. Captain Donovan, this is Bert Sweeney."
Bert seemed frozen in his place, still not fully believing that the legendary pirate captain was standing right before him. Belle's hand on his back caused him to blink once, and with the gentle help from the young woman, he walked towards Captain Donovan a couple of steps. The boy did not expect the pirate to be so tall; Aaron stood at six foot five at the very least, making him all that more intimidating. But Belle did not seem to be afraid of him, and so Bert believed there was no reason why he should be either.
"Nice to meet you, Bert," Aaron began, and stuck out his hand. Bert shook it, still dazed. "How old are you, then?"
"T-ten, sir," Bert managed to reply, proud that he managed to say anything.
"No need to call me sir, lad," Aaron relayed. "Now, do you want to be a pirate when you get older?"
"Pirates are bad guys," Bert said, without thinking. Immediately he began cursing in his mind. How could he have said something so stupid in front of the legendary Captain Aaron Donovan? He watched, obvious worry flashing in his dark eyes, hoping that the pirate captain would not be offended at his slip-up.
Instead of anger, however, Captain Donovan smirked, his usual cold, dark eyes sparkling mischievously. "Sometimes, son," he said in a serious voice, "the best good guys are, in fact, bad guys." He paused, merely looking at the boy. He glanced up at the young woman, who was watching him intently, before saying, "It was nice to meet you, Bert. Remember what I said, aye? You'll never hear truer words."

Chapter IV
As Belle pulled on the mandated dress that Norman was keen on her wearing after managing to go all of last night in a tunic and breeches, she began to think. Every day, it seemed to be the same routine: wake up, complete any tasks or errands that she needed to complete, and then go to work. She knew she should be grateful, but there were times when she grew tiresome of the same old thing. Her life was like a melody replayed, over and over again; a song sung so many times that she grew sick of it.
When she finished, she let her hair down, only to tie it back up tighter. She sighed, and walked over to her window. The sun was setting against the horizon. Caribbean sunsets were always breathtaking to her, but she had always wanted to view one on the sea, watching the sun bleed into the water. Tortuga could be beautiful at night as it lit up against the night sky, but it got rowdy as it did beautiful. There were a few times Belle had been threatened, but she knew how to defend herself. After her incident with Dustin, she made sure she learned how to protect herself if another similar incident occurred, be it with her fist or a sword. Martin had been happy to teach her, and three days a week, they would practice. Granted, Belle was definitely not the strongest woman in Tortuga, but she was quick.
After curling errant strands of hair behind her ear, she proceeded to head out her room, locking the door behind her, and walking downstairs. Bessy seemed to have been waiting for her because when Belle made her appearance, she pulled the young woman aside and said, as quietly as she possibly could despite the nosiness of the scrag, said, "Givin' ye a caution, dearie." Her cool dark blue eyes looked serious as she regarded her younger counterpart. "Ol' Richard Steward's 'ere with his crew of miscreants. Be careful, ay? I know ye say ye can handle yerself and whatnot, but be smart."
"I am wounded, Bessy," Belle said with a coy grin on her face. "How dare you think of me as anything but smart."
"Cheeky," Bessy muttered, as she rolled her eyes, but a smile played on her lips nonetheless. "Better watch it; some gents find that attractive." And with that, she sauntered away.
Belle rolled her eyes and proceeded to take orders and serve food and drinks. She was friendly and charming, as she normally was with customers, and believed that tonight would go on rather smoothly, despite Richard Steward's presence. However, it seemed to go downhill once Bessy took her leave, and Belle had to cover Steward's table.
"Look at this one, lads," Steward said as Belle approached their table. His hazel-brown eyes blatantly studied the young woman and a smirk appeared on his chiseled face. "Why didn't we get this one in the first place?"
Belle studied him a moment with her brow furrowed until she realized that Steward wanted her to answer. "I had different tables," she told him, and then shifted her weight as an indication of her impending impatience.
"Ooh-hooh," Steward chuckled, glancing at the five other men with him, one of whom had a whore on his lap. "Look at how she speaks, all hoity-toity and whatnot." He looked her up and down yet again, and what he believed was to be a husky voice, asked, "What kind of services will ye be offerin' tonight?"
"Not the kind that your eyes have been insinuating," Belle said, her patience finally pushed to its breaking point. "Now, if you could all just tell me what you will be having, I can be on my way and you can watch my arse as I take my leave." She cocked a brow, waiting for his response and placed her hand on her jutted hip.
"Now, hear me, missy," Steward said, his hazel eyes flashing dangerously as he stood up. Belle was only five foot five while Steward was a couple of inches past six foot. Despite the height discrepancy, Belle wouldn't allow herself to feel intimidated. Yes, it was all a giant façade, but it worked. "No woman has ever talked to me the way you be talking to me."
"Yes, well, that is probably because no woman will ever talk to you," Belle quipped. "Now do you need a refill of your drinks, or can I be on my way?"
Steward narrowed his eyes threateningly, and before Belle could react, lunged forward and clamped his hands around the bar maid's throat, lifting her a couple of inches off the ground.
"Now, you will apologize for yer rude comments, or I will snap your pretty little neck right here." His voice was low and his tone was serious. Belle gasped, trying to inhale, but she wasn't completely successful. "Well?" Steward cocked his head to the side as the scrag grew quiet, turning their attention to the scene Belle had indirectly caused.
Belle would not relent. She would not let anyone walk all over her, not after what Dustin had done to her. She may not have her innocence anymore, but she'd be damned if she let anyone take her dignity. While she would usually surprise someone with a quick jab somewhere and then disappear into a crowd, she could do no such motion in her current predicament. Instead, she did all she could physically do at the moment; she spat in his face. Immediately, he dropped her in surprise. She took the time to kick him in his groin as hard as she could, causing him to stumble back as he let out a cry of pain.
Steward's crew stood up and surrounded the young woman. The audience began to chant the word 'fight', crowding those involved in the discrepancy. Belle tried to back out, but the five men had fully surrounded her; she had nowhere to go. She looked helplessly in the crowd for anyone that might help her, but they seemed intent on watching a fight break out regardless of whether or not it involved a woman.
"Ye are goin' to regret doin' that, dearie," Steward said throatily, pulling himself up and staggering towards her. He looked ready to kill. Belle wondered idly for a moment about if he would use some sort of weapon to kill her, or if he would do it by hand.
"You touch her and I'll make you regret the day you were born," Captain Aaron Donovan stated darkly, breaking from the crowd and stepping in the small circle to stand beside Belle. She glanced up at him; goodness he was tall, and realized that her breath had become short and she was breathing heavily.
"Well, well, well," Steward said, shifting his eyes from the young woman to the pirate captain. "If it isn't Aaron Donovan, the Robin Hood pirate. Steal from the rich and give to the poor, isn't that right?" He paused, taking a look at the surrounding crowd before refocusing his attention on the two before him. "Admirable it be… admirable and stupid."
"While I appreciate your opinion, I do not remember asking for it.  While I know it may be hard, but please refrain yourself from offering any advice," Donovan said, looking down at Steward as though the man was a waste of his time.
"You and the wench speak the same way; like yer better than us!" barked Steward, his bushy brow furrowed.
"It does not mean we are better than you," Belle said, speaking for the first time. "It just means we are educated."
"Probably not the best way to state that," Donovan said under his breath. His eyes grew darker, if that was even possible, as he regarded Steward once again. "Now, we can take this outside and sort this mess out, or we can remain civilized, let bygones be bygones, and walk away. Your choice, mate." He perked his brow to further his point.
Steward, breathing raggedly, glanced at his men. Belle watched him intently, surprised to see his rough demeanor break; he looked worried for the first time she had known him. She glanced at Captain Aaron Donovan from the corner of her eye; apparently there was more to him than she initially believed. The Robin Hood of the Seven Seas seemed to have a darker side she had never heard of in any of the tales her grandfather had told her. It would seem that not only was he respected, but feared as well. Then, surprising nearly everyone including Belle herself, Steward turned and began to walk away.
"Horrible rum 'ere anyway!" he exclaimed as he headed out the door with his loyal crew following him, albeit a tad confused. Steward was notorious for his anger, and as a result, his violence. They had never seen him surrender a good brawl before.
Once the door slammed shut, cheers began and scrag life resumed normally. Donovan swiveled on his heel, his hands on his hips, as he glanced pointedly at the reason for all this commotion. "You seem to have a knack for stirring up trouble, don't you?" he drawled. It was a statement, and she knew he did not expect an answer in return, so she remained silent as she tried to calm her beating heart down.
The pirate captain turned and headed towards his usual table in the back. Belle could do nothing but watch him walk away.

Chapter V
"Arabella."
Belle froze as she heard Norman practically seethe her name. Since the whole unnecessary incident, as Belle had dubbed it, she had been hiding out in the back, doing dishes, sweeping, and entertaining her fellow workers so she would not have to go back out there. After Donovan had walked away, she was not quite sure what to, but the first thing that had popped into her head was to avoid Norman. Of course, she knew that Norman would catch wind of this sooner or later (later, she was hoping), but she was wanted to avoid him for as long as possible.
It would seem, however, that sooner or later would be the former, much to Belle's dismay. She quickly washed her hands, wiping them carelessly on the folds of her skirts before exiting the scrag where Norman was waiting for her. Whenever Norman wished to speak with his employees, it was assumed they would always speak outside due to the inconvenience of shouting over the nosiness of the scrag. So, there he was, staring at the rubble beneath his feet, his hands on his hips. The fact that he was tense gave warning to the young woman, and she began playing with her left index finger as she regarded him.
Norman glanced up when he saw her, and he winced slightly. He had taken a strong liking to Belle when he first hired her on as a dish washer when she was merely fourteen. Even at that age, she had been quite a spitfire. She would not let anyone touch her or talk to her in a demeaning way, almost desperately at times. She reminded him of a girl on a mission, but what that mission was, not even she knew. It had been eight years ago when he had first met her, and she had grown into a beautiful young woman. The way she spoke had surprised him at first; she sounded eloquent and educated, and now, he seemed to enjoy it. He liked to think that it made his place of business a bit more upstanding with her there. In all honesty, he had grown quite fond of her, like a father to a daughter, and like all fathers, he had to let her go.
"Listen, Norman," she began, her impatience rising up. She felt very comfortable in silence because there, honesty prevailed. Silence was the truest sound she had ever heard, and in silence, her demons were the most powerful. As long as there was noise, as long as she was listening or even speaking, she could numb them out.
But Norman interrupted her. "No," he snapped, a bit harsher than he originally intended to. His tone softened as he saw her flinch at his yell, and he sighed. "Ye need ter listen to me, Belle." He paused, trying to format the words in his head before speaking. He normally did not do this, but he genuinely liked the young woman, and didn't want to offend her. "I know that whatever Steward did in there was uncalled fer; it normally is. But… he is – well, now was – one of our best customers. I've let ye get away wit' a lot, Belle, but this… I just can't. I can't let ye come back ter work for me."
Belle's mouth dropped in surprise. "Norman, what are you saying?" she exclaimed, throwing her arms up. She was genuinely surprised or emotional about something when she was unable to control her arm gestures. "I am one of your best bar maids! I have been working for you for eight years now!"
"Steward's been comin' here well before you were born, lass," Norman told her, his tone serious. He glanced up at the eclipsed moon before refocusing his eyes on her. "Listen, ye can keep yer room here fer the rest of the month, ay? Besides that, yer goin' to have to look fer work elsewhere. And that's all there is to say." With that, he turned and headed back into the scrag, leaving Belle in the cold night.
She couldn't move; she didn't even feel the cold anymore. It was like she was frozen in time. Even the silence didn't bother her, at least not yet. She didn't know how long she stood there, but the cold began to pinch her skin, and she blinked. It was like she had woken up from a bad dream. But this was reality, and she had just been released from her job.
"Pull yourself together, man," she whispered, straining her insides so the tears that had gathered in her eyes would not fall. Looking up, into the night sky, she began to think about what she should do. She could, of course, go back to her room where she could safely release her emotions. She could track down Norman and beg to have her job back, even offering to take a job washing dishes so she didn't have to interact with customers. But she had never wanted to stay at the Mistake for as long as she did. Maybe, just maybe, this was a blessing in disguise. Instead of heading back inside, she decided to take a walk to the docks. Maybe the smell of salt in the air would help clear her clouded mind, and she might actually be able to come up with some sort of plan for her next chapter in life.
---
Captain Aaron Donovan had heard the entire conversation the wild lass had with her former employer. He had been camouflaged amongst the shadows, peacefully enjoying smoking some rolled tobacco. The pirate captain had heard rumors about this particular bar wench; how she could hold her own against a man whether it dealt with words or swords, how she never offered her body for any sexual services despite the obvious need for money, and how no one knew of her before she arrived in Tortuga when she was but a mere lass. And, after his few brief encounters with her, he seemed to agree with said rumors. Because of this, he decided to follow her when she decided to head towards the water. There was no telling what she would do if left alone to her own devices.
Aaron kept an eye on her silhouette. The young woman may be able to take care of herself, but night wasn't exactly the best time in Tortuga for any woman, except, of course, the whores that decorated the streets. He watched her slip between crowds of people, trying to remain invisible but unable to do so. Men would glance at her, and while some paid her no mind, many followed her with their eyes with interest. One even attempted to follow her, up until Aaron conveniently intervened and stopped the follower with merely a glare.
He found her finally, in a sitting position, on the edge of a wooden dock. Her shoes had been discarded to her side, so he assumed her toes were dipping in the cool, Caribbean water. Trying to be as silent as he possibly could so he wouldn't scare her, he took a seat next to her. Instead of removing his boots, however, he let the bottoms of them submerge in the ocean, and looked up at the night sky.
"I take it you heard I was released from my job," she said, not even looking at him. Instead, she focused her eyes on the bright, shining stars.
"I did," he agreed, reaching his arms behind him and then leaned his weight on his palms.
"So you are here to lecture me then?" she asked, finally regarding him with her hardened eyes.
"I assume you already have a father, doll, and I am too young to try to replace him," he replied as he watched the smooth waves roll towards the shore. "So, nay, I will not be lecturing you."
"Then why are you here?" she asked him, turning back to watch the water lap around her feet.
"Did anyone ever tell you that you ask too many questions?" he asked her, quirking a brow as he looked at her profile.
Surprisingly, she chuckled at his inquiry. She glanced down at her lap, an almost-forgotten memory being brought to life. Whenever her grandfather was telling her a story, she would constantly question the motives of the story so much that he would stop in midsentence and warn her of her insatiable curiosity. "Do you know that you ask too many questions?" he asked as he regarded her with his blue eyes, and she would always laugh which would, in turn, cause him to chuckle and then continue the story as if nothing happened until she asked yet another question.
"Actually, yes," she said with a brilliant smile. Aaron had to blink once, but the smile was gone in the blink of an eye. She looked genuinely happy at that moment, and he was somewhat sad to see it go. Her smile made her look beautiful, although that was not exactly saying much. It was obvious to see she was attractive, but when she smiled, it was breathtaking and he wondered why she didn't do it more. She had to know the power she had within that smile.
He sighed then, looking up at the night sky before regarding her profile. "So, we set sail tomorrow at dawn," he told her. He picked himself up and stood. "I shall see you no later than an hour before we leave or we sail without you."
If Aaron had stayed for another moment, he would have seen another smile eclipse across her face. But, as it was, he did not, and so instead, Belle heard his boots walk away down the dock.

Chapter VI
Belle did not have a nightmare that night. She did not remember things she did not wish to remember. She felt as though the stars were beginning to align in her favor, and a fragile sense of safety began form around her. Not even the slightest when compared to the sense of safety she had felt in her grandfather's lap, but it was definitely a start. She could not rely on him to make her feel safe, now could she? She had to learn how to begin to depend on herself.
She did not sleep much that night. It had to be excitement, she had told herself, irrational and yet could not be helped. When she figured she could reasonably get up, she did, and opened her small wardrobe, wondering what to wear, what to take with her, and what to discard. She decided on a simple white tunic that fell loose on her body, masking her feminine curves. Along with black breeches rolled at the waistline so they fit her, the clothes were quite comfortable. As Belle pulled on a pair of old brown boots that she had bought with her first month's salary and had not worn since then, she noted that when she had the time, she probably should buy a belt.
When she finished, she stood, a small smile on her face. This feeling of pure happiness was something new to her, and she wasn't quite sure when it would disappear, so she tried to relish in it as much as possible. She felt like a child again, with the excitement and nervousness at her building anticipation. And, though she would not admit it aloud, the fact that she would be sailing with the Captain Aaron Donovan, the legend in her grandfather's tales, however minimal it would be, made her feel… well, it would seem the only accurate way to describe it would be happy.
Walking back over to her wardrobe, she sorted through her clothes before ultimately deciding that she would leave everything here. She felt as though this was a new chapter in her life, and because of this, felt that she would not need any of her old clothes. This was the beginning of her adventure; all she needed were the clothes on her back and her perseverance. Plus, maybe someone could put good use to her clothing. Other than that, she really had no other worldly possessions. At least that way, it was easy for her to walk away, scot free. She smiled at the thought.
After a moment, she felt like she could truly leave her room, the Bloody Mistake, and Tortuga, and be happy about it. She glanced around the room, the peeling wallpaper, the wooden floor, the mismatched rugs, and knew that she would miss her cozy little room. She had been there for eight years, after all. Along with her room, she would miss the scrag in general. She liked the exciting livelihood the scrag always seemed to have, and Norman was a good superior – almost like a father-figure. Of course she would miss Bessy, and a few other bar maids, and maybe even Tortuga in general. But she was ready to move on.
Belle walked out of her room and out of the scrag. The crisp, early morning breeze immediately caused her skin to tighten and an array of goose bumps to prickle against her skin. She inhaled sharply, taking in the brisk air. It smelled fresh, only a good omen of what was to come. The walk to the docks was quick, but refreshing. She glanced around the docks, looking for his infamous ship the Crimson Tide, but merely found a rowboat at the end of the wooden plank.
"You Miss Belle?" a voice asked behind her.
She swiveled on her heel, expecting someone resembling a pirate, only to encounter a rather short man in loose but rather nice clothing. He had on a hat on top of his head, and squinted as he regarded her. He was an older man, and Belle assumed that he was the dock master.
"Yes, sir, I am," she nodding, quirking a brow in his direction.
"Captain Aaron Donovan told me he left you the boat fer ye," he told her, and then pointed out at the sea. Belle followed his finger, and saw a silhouette of a large ship through the fog. "There be his ship. Have yerself a time rowin', lass. And ye be careful aboard his ship, ye hear? A ship be no place fer a woman, but then again, yer not dressed as a woman, aren't ye?"
Belle smiled. "I have heard that one before," she said warmly. "Thank you."
While Belle was not exactly thrilled about the prospect of rowing, she was still excited to be leaving this God-forsaken spit of land. She crawled into the boat and sat down. Thinking for a long moment, she realized she had never rowed before. She inhaled sharply and rubbed her hands together, preparing for her task at hand. Then, coiling her fingers around the oars, she pushed down on the instruments and the boat moved a few centimeters. She groaned, the pain burning through her veins. Her brow furrowed, and she began to curse Aaron Donovan's name, but still she persisted. Her pride was more important to her than the pain she was experiencing right now. And she really wanted to get off the island.
It took her sixteen minutes to finally reach the side of the ship when she realized she had to pull herself up, using the rope ladder. She bit her lip to conceal a very unfeminine curse, and glanced helplessly above her. Her arms already felt like deadweights, and the burning was not subsiding. However, she was on a time schedule and she did not want that arrogant captain to think that she could not do this.
Glancing up, she began to mentally prepare herself for the feat of ascending the side of the ship by breathing steadily and rubbing her lips.
Without warning, a face popped up over the side and regarded her evenly. "You must be Donovan's guest," he said. He had a tenor-toned voice, and from what she could make out, short brown hair that fell into his face, dark blue eyes, and a strong chiseled jaw. He was handsome for a pirate, and remarkably clean. Then again, so was Donovan. "Do you need a hand, then?"
"No," she snapped quickly before she processed the question.
The man gave her a cheeky smirk, resting his elbows on the edge of the banister and interlocking his fingers. "Ah," he said. "You must be one of those women who believe they can do anything a man can do."
She returned his smirk. "And better," she retorted. Then she stood, placing her hands on the ship's side to maintain her balance.
"I just wanted to thank you in advanced for my daily fix of amusement," the man called as his eyes twinkled.
She ignored his comment, and reached up. She inhaled sharply at the pain, but grit her teeth and pulled herself up. As with the boat, this was much more difficult than she originally anticipated, and it took her a long time, but she finally managed to hoist herself over the side and all but collapsed. The man managed to catch her before she fell and steadied her. He looked at her curiously, his hands on her arms, making sure that she was all right.
"Well, you cost me my amusement then," he said, taking a step back and releasing his hold on her when he was certain she wouldn't fall.
"I shall have to make it up to you sometime in the near-future then," she murmured, her murky green eyes revealing her exhaustion.
"My name is Rick," he told her. "Rick Fraser; Donovan's first-mate. And the only person onboard that is allowed to address him without his title."
"I am Belle," she told him slowly. "Just Belle."
"Just Belle?" a voice asked from behind her. Rick regarded the intruder with familiarity and Belle turned. It was Captain Aaron Donovan, arrogant and handsome as ever. He was wearing a plain but noble tricorn hat, and as usual, his clothing was immaculate. Wearing a silk blue tunic and black breeches, he looked as regal as a pirate could, and those boots he seemed attached to wear as shinier than ever. Between his long fingers was a rolled stick of tobacco, and his dark eyes looked at her evenly. "I thought your name was merely Belle."
"Well, aren't you the wit," she muttered dryly, rolling her eyes and crossing her arms over her chest.
"I see you have met my trusted first mate," Donovan drawled. He studied her then, blatantly, and Belle couldn't help but shift slightly under his scrutinization. "Ever the charmer, he is."
"You should take note," Belle suggested, and then glanced out at the horizon. Her heart skipped a beat and her hardened façade cracked as she witnessed the beginnings of a beautiful sunrise. Completely forgetting the two men looking at her, she turned and leaned her weight against the railing of the ship. It was quite stunning; the way the sky began to light up because of the mere presence of the sun. She smiled again, not being able to look away. It was like a masterpiece. In fact, she was so focused that she did not even glance up when she felt the captain's presence by her.
"We should be leaving in a quarter of an hour," he informed her, and then regarded the sunrise along with her. Despite being on the sea for the majority of his life, sunsets and sunrises still baffled him by their beauty. It was nice to see someone else share his philosophy on the matter. "I should probably tell you that the next port we will be stopping at, and where we are dropping you off, is Port Royal."

Chapter VII
Belle chuckled louder than a proper lady was supposed to, tilting her head slightly because she was not sure that she had heard the pirate captain correctly. "I am sorry," she said, a smile on her face as though she believed the world was now playing some sort of joke on her. "Did you just say that you were going to drop me off at Port Royal, or did I mishear you?"
Aaron Donovan peered at the young woman, his brow pursed together. He studied her for a long moment.  “No, you did not mishear me," he said finally. "Is that a problem for you?" His eyes narrowed, gazing at her intently, as though he could see straight through to her inner confliction.
"Actually," she said, lifting her eyes to meet his for the first time during the conversation. The sunrise seemed miniscule now. "Yes, yes it is a big problem for me."
Aaron paused for a moment. There was brute determination in her murky green eyes, and her jaw twitched as she tried to remain calm. It was as though she was placing transparent walls around herself, more than there already was. His eyes narrowed as he continued to look at her, and she wondered if he noticed the fear flash in her eyes, if only for a second. Her body was tense, and a few strands of her dark blonde hair fell in her face, but Belle seemed to ignore them, at least for a moment.
Port Royal was a particularly respectable town compared to other ports in Caribbean. Many upstanding citizens of England came to reside in Port Royal due to the tropical weather and the relaxed lifestyle. While there was a rowdy neighborhood in the down town portion of the port where pirates frequented, it was generally much safer than Tortuga. It was not as though Belle could not find work in the town; she was young and pretty. Hell, she might also find a husband, a wealthy one at that. It had happened before.
"Well," he said, speaking after a very long moment. "It would seem we have already set sail. If you would like to jump in the ocean and head back to Tortuga, by all means, have at it. Oh, and be sure to try and dodge those vicious sharks. I hear they can get hungry rather quickly and it would not bode well with them if you tempted them, however indirectly it may be."
She knew he was hoping to get a reaction out of her, but his plan backfired. There was a desperation in her eyes, and she could not help but contemplate administering such a feat. The calculations were already forming in her mind, and she chewed her lip, wondering if there really were sharks this close to the shore. Without warning, Donovan coiled his fingers around her wrist, causing her to flinch while snapping her head in his direction. She stiffened under his touch, and he immediately released her.
"Don't be silly," he told her in a low voice. He looked almost affronted that Belle reacted as she had when all he had done was merely touch her wrist. "Why do you not want to go to Port Royal?" he asked her.
They had known each other not for very long, and she was not yet comfortable confiding in him.  At least not yet. "I just do not want to go," she said tightly, unable to meet his eyes.
"There must be a reason," the captain prodded, his tone wary.
"Why do you want to know?" Belle snapped, flashing her eyes in his. Apparently he had underestimated her impending temper. "Why do you think my personal belief concerning Port Royal has anything to do with you? Let me try to put these in words you might understand: My reason is like a treasure under lock and key. You do not have the key, therefore you do not know my reasoning." Her face had turned red and she had lost control over her breath so when she had finished, she had to catch it.
Instead of being offended at her rampant tirade, he looked somewhat relaxed. "Well, who has the key?" he asked her, cocking his head to the side.
"I do," she told him, slight confusion in her voice at why he was calm after she had just torn into him.
"How would I accumulate this key?" He was playing with her now, she knew, and she wondered why.  Was he trying to calm her down, by chance? He flashed her one of his most charming smiles, revealing surprisingly straight teeth. Every tooth was in place; there was no gold, silver, or gaps decorating the inside of his mouth. If Belle was being honest, she found it to be quite breath-taking.
"You can't," she said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
"Why not?" he asked. "Do you discriminate against pirates?" He raised his brow, emphasizing his interest in her response.
"It has nothing to do about discrimination, Captain Donovan," she said, averting her eyes down at the sea, watching the lulling waves rock the sturdy ship back and forth. "It is my treasure and no one else's. I do not feel there is a need for me to share."
"There may not be a need," he agreed with her, turning so that he faced her, leaning slightly against the railing of the ship, "but there is a desire from me for you to share." He paused, allowing her to answer, but it seemed she felt that there was nothing that needed to be said at that moment. "Well, then. I assume this treasure cannot be taken, but can only be given then?"
"It would seem so," she replied softly, "but do not get your hopes up. I am very selfish and do not like to share."
"I do not think you are at all selfish," he observed. "And I do not think it is selfishness that restrains you from divulging your secret, but protection for yourself." He paused, this time so he could think about what to say next. "If ever feel the need to rid your conscious of your secret, I would be happy to help you."
"It is my cross to bear," she told him, her tone firm.  Her eyes flashed emerald as they locked with his. "And it would seem that if there ever came I time when I felt a need to do such a thing, I would be stuck in Port Royal and you would be only God knows where."
"Yes, I have been giving some thought to your current predicament, and I think it is in both of our interests if I offer you some sort of deal," he told her slowly, watching her with his sharp eyes.
Belle glanced back up at the pirate captain. There was something in his underlying tone that caused her to be cautious of such a deal. She knew Captain Donovan's reputation concerning stowaways; he deposited them on the next land, whether it was a bustling port or a deserted island. She was surprised he allowed her on his ship and agreed to drop her off at the next port, even after losing the bet she had previously made with him. Belle was never one to ask favors because she did not like the feeling of being expected to return the favor when called upon. The young woman liked to depend on herself. However, a voice inside her reasoned, this was a deal. Whatever he wanted from her, she could square away without the anticipation of returning her end of the bargain.
"And what would this deal entail?" she asked him.
"Well, it would appear to me that you do not wish to remain on Port Royal, despite the fact that it is the next port we are stopping at," he began. "You will not tell me your reasons, and I, being the gentleman I am, will not prod you." Belle rolled her eyes at this statement, but she continued to listen. "The fact of the matter is, my dear, that once we leave Port Royal, we will be at sea for a long while. If you can earn your keep, and have no qualms about being on a ship with pirates who will not harm you in any way, then I give you my permission to stay aboard."
"What is it that you need me to do in return?" she asked, already warming to the idea of skipping out on Port Royal.
"Well, you are obviously a woman, and I am obviously a man," he told her. "I am quite sure you have heard about me and my reputation. There is a family residing in Port Royal that I intend to rob. I need you to pretend to be my beautiful, charming wife while we dine with said family. You and I are to distract said family while my sneaky crew pillages the wealth on the second floor of the mansion."
Belle thought about it for a long moment. It did not sit well with her to know that she would be stealing, but she also admired Aaron Donovan for giving whatever he accumulated to those in need, and after living in Tortuga for eight years, she knew there were so many people in need. Plus, it saved her from being left alone at Port Royal. It would seem the advantages outweighed the disadvantages. But there was something she was still curious about.
"What family would we be pillaging?" she asked him.  She knew many of the wealthy occupants, and wondered if she might be recognized.
"The Rochesters," he told her with a wicked grin.
Belle nearly fell off of the ship.

Chapter VIII
"I am not exactly comfortable with this," she said, her breath hitching as she bit her lip and glanced down at her increasing bust before her very eyes.
"Which part?" he asked from behind her. He stood from his crouched position and wiped his hands, walking around her so he faced her. He crossed his arms over his chest. "The part where I help you dress? The tightness of the dress?"
"The entire situation, really," Belle said, running her fingers through her hair. It was slightly hard for her to speak due to said tightness; she had forgotten how painful corsets were. "Although, those other two things you mentioned fit quite well, really." She glanced down at herself, smoothing down wrinkles only she could see. "And you are certain it is supposed to be this tight, correct?" She regarded Rick Fraser with a quirked brow, rubbing her lips together.
He nodded, causing his hair to fall in his face. She watched as, for the umpteenth time, he ran his fingers through his hair which reduced the strands in his face only slightly. Rick Fraser was slightly younger than Donovan, maybe seven-and-twenty years of age, but he was definitely shorter by five inches. While Donovan was lean with muscle on him, Rick was well-built. It was mandatory that all members of the crew took care of their appearance, whether it was hygiene or the way they dressed, but it would seem Rick slacked in that area. He had a five o'clock shadow, and while there was barely any dirt on his attire, there were countless wrinkles and his boots were not as polished as the pirate captain’s.
"That's the way he likes it," Rick said, shrugging his shoulders. "You should probably do something with your hair, however. It does seem slightly messy."
Belle narrowed her eyes. "Yes, well, it's not like I have a brush and pins, do I?" she asked him, more defensive than she intended.
"Would you like some?" Rick asked as a mischievous smirk slid onto his squared-face.
"You have some?" Her annoyance began to fade immediately upon hearing this news.
"Of course," the first-mate said, his smirk turning into a full-blown smile as his dark blue eyes sparkled. "What? You think you're the first woman Aaron has used as bait before?"
This piece of information caused Belle to pause, and a rush of emotions consumed her. It took a moment for her to fully comprehend how she was feeling at this moment. She was definitely curious concerning Donovan's other woman (women?), and maybe slightly put off about it. He was supposed to be the prim-and-proper gentleman Robin Hood pirate, who dressed sharply, spoke well, and used his talent with words to take out his wicked cunning, rather than threats or violence. But it would seem that no matter how well a pirate spoke or dressed, a pirate was still a pirate, and that was that. She was disappointed, actually.
"Of course not," she said in a quiet voice, finding a very interesting place on the wooden floor to stare at rather than Rick's eyes.
"Ah," Rick said, recognizing the soft tone already. "It seems our own Miss Belle is sweet on our dear captain. Well, I dare say it's quite common; it baffles me at how rude he can be to some of the working women and yet they still seem to fawn all over him."
"I am not sweet on that man," she said quickly, running her fingers through her hair. "It surprises me how I have managed to tolerate him thus far." She sighed, feeling her face flare up with heat, but unsure whether it was due to her increasing annoyance once again or the assumption that she could possibly fawn over someone like Aaron Donovan. Yes, she probably had a crush on him when she was in her youth due to the legends her grandfather would tell. And yes, he was quite handsome in a devilish way. And yes, while she had not yet experienced it from him, she could tell by the way he spoke that he could be charming if he wanted to.
"I apologize due to the fact that we have no mirror," Rick told her sheepishly, running his fingers through his disheveled hair. "You'll have to make do with naught but your female instincts."
"It does not matter," Belle said, silently thankful that he had changed the subject. "I am quite used to doing my hair without looking at my reflection." As she was speaking, she had been thinking, and before she could stop herself, she asked, "Why do you think Captain Donovan has not yet married?"
"Who said he would get married in the first place?" Rick returned, his eyes sparkling in amusement. He watched intently as Belle furrowed her brow at the thought. "Listen; Aaron Donovan loves the sea. He loves his freedom, and he loves what he is able to do. He firmly believes in his tasks at hand, and as of right now, I do not see marriage on top of his priority list. I mean, you've seen how he treats the whores who try to woo him; he's not interested in that usually. Don't get me wrong; a man does have needs that need to be satisfied, if you know what I'm saying."
Instead of being disgusted, Belle merely rolled her green eyes and looked at him with impatience. She had worked at the Bloody Mistake long enough to know that men were not as all gentlemanly as they appeared, nor were they as unlawful as they would seem either.
"Unfortunately, I know exactly what you are saying, Mister Fraser," she said, sitting down on a chair. There were a few pins Rick had happened by and a brush, and Belle believed that she should start readying her hair for Donovan's impending scheme.
"You know," Rick said, leaning against the wall before her and crossing his arms over his chest as he stared at her with a level gaze, "you speak quite well for a bar wench found in Tortuga."
"I actually prefer the term barmaid, thank you very much," she corrected, glancing up at him as she unraveled her long, dirty blonde hair from the worn elastic. She ruffled the wavy locks before grabbing the brush and started to tame her wild hair. "And you, as well as this whole crew, speak rather well for being pirates. It seems this world can be rather…" Here, she stopped her ministrations and smirked up at him, "…surprising."
Now it was Rick's turn for rolling his eyes, but immediately focused back on her, watching as she brushed her hair.
"So," Belle said, a pin between her teeth, "what do you know about these Rochesters?" She had not heard about her family in eight years and wondered how they were doing. In fact, her heart skipped a beat just thinking about returning home. They would recognize her without a doubt, but she had no other choice but to do this. Hopefully after her disappearance, Dustin had made one as well. She did not know what she would do if she saw Dustin while there. At least Donovan would be with her. She could not understand it, but she felt safe in his presence, and while she did not want to dwell on it, she also did not take the feeling for granted. Maybe they would even believe the scheme she would be taking a part in, and maybe they would even accept Aaron Donovan as a good choice for a husband. Well, maybe not Aaron Donovan, but whatever character he would take on.
"Well," Rick replied, tracing his bottom lip with his thumb as he thought. "Obviously they're wealthy, or else why would we waste the time, right?" He grinned boyishly at her, and again she rolled her eyes, but she remained silent as he continued. "There's a father… a mother… two sisters." Belle inhaled sharply without meaning to, but Rick did not seem to notice. "Wait," he said, scrunching his brow. "One… it was one sister. Why am I thinking there were two sisters?"
"Because one ran away nearly eight years ago," Aaron drawled, walking into the room without knocking. His eyes immediately locked onto Belle, and he studied her for a while as she finished the final touches on her hair.
"Really?" Belle asked sharply, unaware of his eyes on her, just focused on what he would say.
"That's what I hear at least," he said, and though she could not see him, she clearly detected a smile in his voice. "I know they had two daughters and one simply disappeared. I would assume they think she is dead, unless, of course, you believe in ghosts."
Belle chuckled that same, unladylike chuckle. "Yes, of course," she said, praying that her voice was not shaky. "Ghosts."

Chapter IX
When Belle had finished with her hair, she regarded Rick, who was watching his captain with a questioning stare. "Do you have powder?" she inquired with an arched brow. In her years, she had perfected her eyebrow-arch. "And maybe some rouge?"
Rick finally locked eyes with her and bit his bottom lip. "I'm not sure," he replied, "but I can check."
"No!" the pirate captain exclaimed. "That will not be necessary. Thank you, Rick."
Rick took his cue to leave, and nodded once at the pirate captain. He then shot an amused smirk in Belle's direction, probably due to the disgruntled look on her face. Once the door had shut firmly behind him, she swiveled in her chair so she was facing Donovan face on. She was probably more upset than she should be, but if she could paint a mask over her face, it would lessen the chances of her recognition.
"And why not?" she demanded, her eyes narrowing dangerously into his. "I have, well, a tan... slightly, and… er… freckles. It would be unwise for me to go out without any sort of make-up. It's just… well, it's just not proper. How do you expect to be taken seriously if you have neigh a proper wife, hmm?"
She watched as Donovan struggled not to chuckle at Belle's serious reasoning. "I am not worried about being taken seriously," he told her in his usual soft spoken voice. "I just need to distract the family for an hour or two while my crew loots, pillages, and plunders." He flashed her that disarming charm smile of his and she rolled her eyes, obviously immune to it, or so she'd like him to believe. "And to answer to your inquiry concerning your make-up," he began, and leaned forward before caressing her cheekbone with his index and middle fingertip, "I think you look fine, just the way you are."
Belle had frozen underneath his touch, her eyes unable to look away from his. She refrained from biting her lip, but could not stop the warm feeling that coursed through her system brought on by his flesh upon hers. It was an intimate gesture; something she had not expected from a heartless pirate, and she was not sure whether he was doing it because he meant it, or because he was using this power of his to his advantage. She could not let him know how she reacted underneath his touch.  She would not allow herself to be vulnerable again.
"Plus, I hear the father, Master Rochester, has a wandering eye," he said in a somewhat flat voice, dropping his hand back into his lap and resuming a safe distance between the two of them. "And what better means of seduction than a young, pretty woman with her goods practically hanging out." He gestured at her chest, immediately causing Belle to cross her arms and glare at him.
"My goods are not going to be used as a manner of seduction!" she all but yelped, her cheeks turning that delightful, frustrated shade of red she detested and he probably enjoyed. "Wait," she murmured, her long index finger on her cheek. "Did you say I would be used to seduce Master Rochester? Did you say he has a wandering eye?" She crossed her arms, once again, over her chest, and looked away from him in indignation. "That is hardly believable, Captain Donovan."
"Why would you say that?" he asked, before chuckling. 
"Why," she said, her guarded eyes revealing her thoughtfulness. "Why, because he's married to Madame Rochester, of course."
"And you think a husband cannot take on a mistress because he is married?" Donovan asked her, tilting his head to the side.
"Not this one," she defended, but even she did not seem too sure.
"I thought you knew nothing of the Rochesters," he pointed out.
"Of course I know about the Rochesters," she snapped, and then sighed. "I just always heard they were happy together, is all."
"It's the happy ones you have to question," Donovan told her, and there seemed to be a touch of sincerity in his tone. Now it was Belle's turn to turn towards him and look at him. There was a sadness in his dark eyes, but it was gone in a hot moment, and Belle thought she had misinterpreted what she had seen. "You can never tell with the happy ones. It's the ones that constantly fight that one can tell they are in love."
Belle looked at him with her arched brow. "And what makes you say that?" she asked.
"Because even though they constantly fight, they're still together aren't they? Fighting just reveals tension, which is usually sexual. It reinstates the chemistry that attracted them together in the first place; the passion they still feel for each other."
"It would seem that makes sense," Belle said after a long moment, and then looked out the small window. They were nearing the docks of Port Royal. Of course they would have the anchor the ship a few feet away because of its grand size, and she was thankful she would not have to row that damn boat to the docks. The winds had been with them; it took them about a day and a half to reach their destination instead of the usual three.
"'Course it does," Donovan said, nodding and grinning.
"What else do you know of the Rochesters?" she asked him suddenly, turning her head sharply so she looked at him once again. "I just do not want to… mess up this mission because of my ignorance."
She knew he did not believe her reasoning, but was relieved when answered anyways. "Well, the younger daughter, Brylee, I believe is engaged to be married when she turns one-and-twenty, which, to me, is quite old for a wealthy family, don't you think?" he told her.
Belle ignored Donovan's question, completely disturbed at the fact that Brylee was engaged. Her twenty-first birthday was not that far away, truth be told. She was born on the twenty-fifth of February, and currently it was the seventh of October. In fact, Belle would be celebrating her twenty-third birthday on the thirtieth of November before Brylee celebrated her own.
"Brylee is engaged?" she asked in disbelief. "Do you know to whom?"
Donovan's features darkened remarkably as he all but spat, "Dustin Commack, the new Commodore of Port Royal's Royal Navy."
"What?" Belle all but yelped. This was definitely not good, and it took everything in her power to build up the walls that so easily guarded her heart. She had to save her sister from that marriage, not matter what, and only hoped Commack had not done to Brylee what he had done to her. Tears began forming, waiting to jump of the edge of her eyes, but she held them at bay. If she had known the consequences of her actions then, she would never have run away in the first place.
"Yes, well," the captain said softly, obviously noticing Belle's strong reaction but deciding to ignore it for now. "Apparently he was engaged to the older sister before she disappeared. The family had seemed to have arranged a generous deal in their favor, and did not want it to go to waste, so they offered him their second daughter."
"That is…" Belle tried to find the correct word, but could only come up with, "unthinkable."
"Actually, it is quite common in the upper class," he remarked dryly, obviously disagreeing with the whole arranged marriage situation. "However, they offered a mighty hefty sum for the return of their first daughter. Seems the good ol' Commodore prefers her 'stead of Brylee. I, myself, have been keeping a sharp eye out for the broad; it would be much easier turning over someone than thinking of a grand scheme to pillage a household."
Belle felt her blood run cold at her words, and she had to remind herself that he had no idea who she really was. "Maybe she ran away for a reason…?" she tried, in an oddly quiet voice.
Donovan's eyes flashed into hers, looking as if the idea was preposterous. "If I know my upper class," he said, and she could hear the venom entwining with his tone, "which I do, the reason the girl ran off is because she was damaged goods and was too ashamed to admit it to anyone. What husband would have her if she was, hmm? Bloody stupid, if you ask me."
"I didn't," Belle said quietly. She kept her face as passive as she possibly could, despite feeling her insides rip apart at Donovan’s heated tirade. Even a pirate captain would not have someone who was tainted, impure, or, as he so delicately put it, damaged goods. That was what she was, and that was what she would always be. Maybe there was no hope for her, but she could save Brylee. She had to save Brylee from her impending nuptials, even if it meant turning herself over to her family… even if it meant marrying Commack, she would do it.
A knock on the door interrupted their strained silence, and Rick popped in. "Ready to anchor, captain," he said seriously.
Donovan nodded. "Ready the boat," he ordered. "We will be out there in a moment."
Rick nodded, and closed the door behind him.

Chapter X
"While we wait to anchor," Donovan said, standing up and glancing down her, "maybe we should get our stories straight so we do not fumble whilst at dinner with the Rochesters, hmm?" He raised his brow and a slow smile slid on his face that revealed she had no option in the matter, but he was offering to be nice… at least somewhat.
Belle regarded him with one of her dry looks, a look he seemed inclined to furrow his brow at, and to which, he did just that. Instead of one of her sarcastic comments he was beginning to expect the more he came to know her, an amused grin eclipsed onto her face and she let out a quiet chuckle.
"Do you know that you look oddly adorable when you do that, Captain Donovan?" she asked, her voice taking on a happy tone that it sounded almost melodious. Her murky eyes lit up, flashing almost emerald, and the corners of her lips were still curled up in happiness. It took her a moment for her to realize what she had actually said – aloud, as a matter of fact – and she glanced at her folded hands in her lap as a blush began to cascade on her delicate features.
"And you, my doll, are oddly adorable when you do that," he teased, although the comment was actually honest, and he flashed her one of her boyish grin that she was beginning to grow rather fond of. "Anyways," he began, "we are a happily married couple who have been together for, hmm, about five years now and are thinking of moving from England to a nice place on Caribbean. I have taken the liberty of sending a request to dine with them a few days past so they should be expecting us."
"How did we meet?" Belle asked suddenly, looking up at him with imploring eyes. Her fingers began to twist and prod at each other, an obvious sign at her nervousness.
Again, he furrowed his brow. "Why should we work that one out?" he asked.  From his tone, she knew he was not trying to be rude, but honestly curious to hear her answer.
Belle knew her mother, and God forbid it, but if she was recognized, she needed to make sure everything between Donovan sounded and looked real. "Well, I mean I'm not sure about Missus Rochester, but, you see, my mother, whenever a new couple dined with her - with us, really - she would always inquire as to the back story," she explained. "She always wanted to learn more about… about the people she was dining with. Very friendly, she was."
Belle did not realize how much she missed her mother until right then, at that moment. Donovan hesitated a moment, but decided to sit down beside her anyways. He decided not to touch her just yet, remembering her tense posture at his touch, but he cocked his head towards her.
"You… lost your mother, I take it?" he guessed in his low, gentle voice, looking, as she was, at her folded hands.
"No," she responded, just as tired, shaking her head very slightly. "I…" She paused, but decided revealing a fraction of her past wasn't going to hurt, or at least, she hoped that it would not. "I ran away from home when I was younger."
This caused Donovan to pause, and millions of questions burst throughout his mind, the desire to learn more about this mysterious young barmaid increasing. However, he recognized the tone she had used; as of right now, she was not willing to discuss it, and he should be thankful that she had replied honestly at all. Instead, he nodded to her previous suggestion.
"Good point," he told her. "So… how did we meet then, dear?"
Belle frowned at the endearment, but her lips curled up and he soon saw that sparkle reclaim its right position in her eyes. Pursing her lips, the young woman glanced up and her eyes drifted towards the window and gazed at the sea.
"When I ran away," she said, a fond smile touching her lips at voicing her fantasies without mentioning that they were fantasies, "you happened to catch me stowing away on your ship. However, instead of killing me or dropping me off at a random port, you fell in love with me and asked me to sail with you and I accepted."
"You've been thinking about this a bit haven't you?" he asked her, an amused twinkle in those dark eyes of his. "And are you, pray tell, in love with me as well?"
"Oh yes," she responded, nodding enthusiastically. "However, I am less… err, confident about my feelings because I do not believe that sailors are capable of falling in love."
"So I say the three words first then?" he guessed, cocking a brow.
Again, she nodded. "But I am unsure if you are being honest or not," she continued to explain. "See, you have a wicked reputation back in England, and you are quite the charmer, so I am not quite sure whether or not your intentions are honorable or whether you want to get me in bed with you."
He chuckled at this, and Belle glanced up at him, smiling as well. "So then," he said, leaning towards her so that when he spoke, his hot breath encompassed her flesh, "how do I persuade you that I am honorable?"
"Why," Belle said, almost as though it was the most obvious thing in the world, "you kiss me, of course." Donovan raised his brow at this, but he was silent, waiting to hear what more she had to say. "At first, I resist, letting you kiss me, but then I begin to kiss you back, and it is the purest, truest thing I have ever felt. That is how you persuade me."
"I am quite brilliant then, aren't I?" he murmured.
"Quite," she agreed.
"Why do you love me, then?" he asked, a teasing smile on his face. "Why do I give up my reign over my ship, the sea, for you?"
Belle looked up at him with wide eyes, unable to fully comprehend what he had just asked of her. "You don't." Again, it was quick, and it was said in that tone of hers where she was indirectly chastising him for not knowing the correct answer. "While I love you for your courage and kindness, you love me because I would never make you give up something so precious to you. Instead, I choose to join you on your adventures."
Donovan forced that arrogant grin of his back on his angular face and asked, "And the fact that you are absolutely beautiful did nothing to persuade my heart in your favor?"
"No," she replied, a smooth blush tainting her cheek, but her words were rather firm. She lifted her gaze from her hands and managed to lock her eyes with him. "Lust is loving what is on the outside; love, however, is lusting for what is on the inside. And you, my dear though temporary husband, love everything I am and everything I aspire to be."
He nodded in agreement. "That I do, love," he told her deeply. "That I do."
Another knock on the door revealed to the two Rick's presence. "Boat's all ready, sir," he said, opening the door and popping his head inside.
He nodded and stood, while Belle followed suit. Silently, the pirate captain led her out the door and to then side of his beloved ship. Belle paused for a moment, wordlessly gazing at the land that had once been so far from her thoughts, and now seemed to be looming ever closer. The land looked the same. The streets were bustling with people of all classes; beggars, merchants, and the wives of the wealthy, shopping for a dress to add to their wardrobe. Boats were entering and departing from the docks, either excited to leave or excited to arrive. The young woman frowned thoughtfully; she also didn't realize how much she had missed her home.
"Port Royal," a voice drawled beside her. "Isn't as scarier as it looks."
Belle rolled her eyes at Rick's comment, and then arched her brow. "I know that," she told him. "I've been here before."
Rick looked at her doubtfully, but before he could comment, Donovan swiftly intervened. "Are you ready, then?" he asked Belle. "You remember everything; you are not nervous; you know what you're in for."
She nodded, and then, drawled under her breath, "I, Captain Donovan, know exactly what I'm in for. However, I do not believe you are on the same page as I am."

Chapter XI
The boat ride to the docks was rather silent. Belle was currently trying to calm the unnerving foreboding her heart was trying to tell her with its incessant beating, but was failing miserably. Donovan was rowing and smoking simultaneously, the rich scent drifting behind him due to the breeze. Belle was rather happy at that, because if it muffled her breathing in any way, she would have snapped at him, her nerves already on edge. Instead, she decided to scrutinize him from her peripheral, merely watching him as he rowed. The darks of his eyes twinkled in desire, probably because his lips were formed around the dark brown rolled tobacco. She found the man sitting across from her oddly handsome as he enjoyed his smoke. Despite her blatant dislike of tobacco in any form, she found the man sitting across from her oddly sexually appealing. Immediately, a blush cascaded her cheek, but she did not deny her observation. There was something dangerous about a man smoking, and she found her attraction to him only increasing, something she was not exactly relishing in.
Once the small boat was in the harbor, Donovan took hold of a line of rope, looping it over a wooden post. After making sure the boat was secure, he gracefully walked onto the deck, and then turned so he could offer his assistance to his wife. While their feet were on Port Royal, they were married. For a moment, Belle looked like she was going to make her way next to him, stubbornly refusing his act of chivalry, but she stopped. He recognized some sort of flash of recognition, of remembrance of why they were here in the first place, and she seemed to tilt her head down – her way of acknowledgment.
With ease, she slipped her hand into his and allowed him to help her out of the boat and onto the docks. His hands were as expected – rough and calloused, but also they were warm and made her feel safe. Belle looked up at him adoringly, slipping with ease into the role of dotting wife, and slipped her arm through Donovan's – Aaron, now, since they were on a first-name basis - offered one. He grinned down at her before the two began to make their way along the rather short, wooden plank.
As was expected, a dock master stopped the couple, surveying them. His light green eyes looked at Aaron briefly, accepting that the younger man was some sort of upper class man, before turning his attention to the woman he assumed was the man's wife. He crinkled his brow, the woman oddly familiar to him.
"Excuse me, miss," he started, after Aaron had paid him and gave them the fake surname of Donald. Belle stopped, her brow arching up, though not in a mocking manner. "Do I know you? You have a familiar face, if you don't mind me saying."
Belle froze, her heart resuming its hesitant beats, before a smooth smile slid onto her face. "I do not mind," she told him warmly. "In fact, it would seem I hear that a lot." She chuckled as she glanced up at Aaron. "My husband does not know what to do with me!"
The man chuckled along with the couple, and then apologized. "My apologies, miss," he told her.
"Quite all right," Belle said, and with that, Aaron began to lead his betrothed to a carriage that appeared to be waiting for them.
Belle did not recognize the driver, but she did recognize the horses. Her family must have sent the carriage then. So it was true; they really were expecting them. Well, maybe not her, per se.
During the ride up, Belle stared silently out the window, resting her head on the cool surface. She saw the grey clouds darkening the sky; an autumn storm was coming in. It would probably hit the small port that night. However, her thoughts drifted from her brief musings concerning the weather, and to much more pressing matters. Aaron seemed completely relaxed, a small smile on his face. Yes, she did feel safe with him, but she could not shake the impending feeling that if he found out who she really was, he would not hesitate to turn her over for the reward money. He had even said so himself; turning a woman in was much easier than looting the place. From the corner of her eyes, she watched him, trying to figure out if she should trust him. He was a pirate after all, and they did not have the most honest reputations, but Aaron Donovan was nothing if not noble. He was the Robin Hood of the seven seas, and had even agreed to drop her off at the next port if she favored him with her presence this night; there had to be some good in him.
Belle sighed, feeling a headache coming on. Aaron looked at her upon hearing the breath leave her mouth. She looked… tired, maybe even a bit apprehensive. Was she worried about tonight? She would be very believable as a merchant's wife, actually, and while he was thankful at finding someone who could play the part, it also made him wary. Tortuga was filled with women, but he doubted highly that even if he searched for a long time, he would not have found someone as beautiful as she was. Not only that, but she really did look like she was raised in a nice home; she spoke well and was obviously educated, and while she was incredibly stubborn, she was also charming. No, she would fit the part perfectly; there was no reason for her to be worried.
Her heart paused for a quick moment as she saw her former house come into view. Granted, it was not as big as the governor's mansion, located on a cliff that had a beautiful view of the ocean, but it held high prestige. For whatever reason, she was almost glad to see it. It was an off-white color, and her father had been interested in Roman architecture while having it built, so there were many columns surrounding the home. The garden in the front of the house was still being kept up, and she could see some of the stable boys riding a couple of the mares. She was left with a feeling of bittersweetness; the world, her home, carried on, even without her.
The carriage rounded the driveway, coming to a stop near the front door of the home. Belle unconsciously swallowed as she looked at the familiar doors. This was it; either they recognized her or not. A miniscule feeling of excitement tainted her nerves, but only slightly. She would soon see her family again, and hopefully rescue her sister from a disastrous marriage.
Aaron slid out of his seat first, and then helped Belle out. Once again, they resumed their positions, linking arms as they walked up the three steps leading up to the front doors. He knocked on the door firmly, and then stepped back. It felt like forever for Belle. All she could hear was ringing in her ears before a butler, a very familiar butler, answered. He looked at Aaron first, regarding him with a polite nod.
"You must be Master Donald," Barnaby said in his deep voice, a cold smile on his face. The smile was not intended for anyone to take offense; it was just his way of smiling. "The Rochesters are looking forward to dining with you and your…" He let his voice trail off as he regarded Belle. Immediately she knew she had been caught, and was hoping – well, she did not know what she was hoping for, really.
Aaron glanced at the butler, and then down at his wife. He slid his arm from hers, coiling it around her waist and squeezing it tenderly. "I know," he said with a smile. "She's beautiful, isn't she? Couldn't quite take my eyes off of her when I first saw her, myself."
Barnaby ignored Aaron's comment, before whispering, "Arabella?"
Aaron furrowed his brow. Apparently Belle had a recognizable face.
"Arabella Rochester, is that really you?" Barnaby asked, a hopeful tone in his voice.
Now it was Aaron's turn to nearly lose his balance and fall down right there.

Chapter XII
Aaron Donovan was not a man who wore his emotions on his sleeves. However, concerning the matter at hand, he really could not help but be rather confused and a tad surprised. In fact, at first, he did not believe that Belle was really who this butler believed her to be. He even waited for her to explain that she had a familiar face, as she had to the dock master, who had thought he had recognized as well. Then it hit him. That explanation was never going to come because he had recognized her. This really was the elusive Belle Rochester who had run away from home at a young age. The same girl he had insulted back on the ship as he spoke casually with her.
Well, this was an ironic turn of events, now wasn't it? Arabella Rochester, the girl he was subconsciously looking for since he had heard of her disappearance and the very generous reward her family would offer if they brought her home, had seem to fallen within his grasp. He did not even know it. The question that remained, at least for him, was what to do with her. This was her family; maybe she wanted to be returned, and he would definitely not refuse the reward money. However, wasn't it she who had remarked how she did not want to be dropped off at Port Royal, and that was why she was here, by his side, pretending to be his wife so his crew could silently pillage her family?
A husband could not exactly turn in his wife, now could he? It would break their cover, and the fact was, Belle did not want to be here. He could feel the tension even before they docked, and while she would not speak as to why, it must have been serious. In good conscious, Aaron could not leave her here unless, of course, she changed her mind. Another thought came to the pirate captain; if she knew he was about to rob her family blind, why would she allow him to do such a thing?
Because she did not want to be found out.
Whatever problem she had must have been either a direct or indirect result of her family. For whatever reason, upon discovering this for himself, he tightened his grip on her waist, and he felt her relax subtly under his grip.
"It is," she said, nodding. Quickly, Belle glanced up at Aaron, the worry still evident in her face upon being discovered, but he smiled warmly down at her, giving her silent strength. "This is my husband, Jonathon Donald."
Barnaby scrutinized the man she claimed was her husband harshly; Aaron noted he must be incredibly protective of her, now that she had returned after so many years.
"Barnaby, did I just hear you say Arabella has returned?" a familiar voice called down the hall. Belle stiffened; she recognized that voice, and her green eyes revealed an excited anticipation. "It is not another fake, is it? Papa and Mama do not have the heart in them to listen to another…"
The young woman's voice drifted off as she came to stand next to Barnaby, her eyes focusing on those of her sister that she had lost long ago. Belle looked at her younger sister noticing the key differences that had consumed her outward appearance and had transformed her into a beautiful young woman. Height was obviously the biggest difference, although she was still not taller than her older sister. Brylee was five foot four and a quarter while Belle stood at five foot five. Brylee's hair was a darker shade of blonde than Belle's, that some might even admit that it was a light shade of brown; it was also slightly shorter than her sister's, and straighter as well. The younger woman was pale, but that was probably because Belle had much more exposure to the sun than Brylee, and had no freckles that Belle could see. She filled out quite nicely, just as Belle had; however, Belle's legs were longer and her breasts were a bit fuller, while Brylee's stomach was tighter. The biggest difference between the sisters were their eye color; Brylee took after her mother's side of the family by receiving clear, blue eyes while Belle had her father's darker, greener hue in her irises. However, Aaron could tell they were definitely sisters.
"Brylee," Belle said, deciding to speak for the first time. "How are-"
A thwack across Belle's cheek caused Belle to stop in midsentence. Immediately, Belle furrowed her brow angrily and cast her glare on her younger sister, only to find her tearing up. Brylee reached up and pulled her long-lost sister into the biggest hug she could possibly muster, causing Aaron to lose his grip on his wife, but he did not seem to mind. Belle returned her sister's hug just as frivolously, and when the two pulled apart, there were shameless tears habiting the eyes of the two women.
"I have missed you," Belle said with a smile on her face. Again, Aaron noticed the blatant happiness on his companion's face. Maybe she would change her mind then…
"And I, you," Brylee said, her voice holding a slight quiver. "You owe me a big explanation, dear sister, but Papa and Mama have waited too long to see you, so it will have to come later." Her clear, blue eyes finally wondered over to Aaron, looking at him for the first time. "Who is this?"
A blush cast itself over Belle's face, and she took a step back so now she stood beside Aaron. One hand pressed itself gently on the small of his back while the other reached up and rested itself on his chest. "This is my husband," Belle said, a firm smile on her face. "Jonathon Donald."
"Well, he is… tall," Brylee observed in that no-nonsense voice Belle had once found annoying and arrogant, but now she found that she had missed it. Her eyes narrowed, and she asked Belle's apparent husband pointedly, "If you knew my family had been searching for your wife for a while, Master Donald, why did you decide not to mention anything in your note?"
Belle tensed, unsure of how he would answer the question. However, his reputation seemed to have been based on truth, because he answered easily, "Well, I did not want them to think I was after their reward money."
Brylee seemed to find this explanation satisfying, and Belle dropped her arms from Aaron, preparing to be invited in. However, Brylee seemed to have one more question directed at Belle herself.
"So you decide to go and get married and not even invite your family, let alone tell them?" she accused, those blue eyes of hers still narrowed, and one of her brows arched up. Aaron almost chuckled at the sight; now he knew Belle's trait must run in the family.
"I did not want Mother or Father to have any say in the matter," Belle said, a dark undertone inflicting seriousness in her voice. "Nor you. If I remember correctly, you were the one who complained of my fascination with Papa's stories."
"That was because you always wanted to hear about Captain Donovan, that pirate," Brylee said, rolling her eyes. She glanced up at Aaron, an amused smile now on his face. It would seem he could not hold his amusement back. "Obviously you did not marry a pirate, however. I would have been very supportive. He's wealthy, he owns his own business, and he's quite handsome, if I may say so."
"You may say, but those are not reasons to get married," Belle said, looking her sister straight in the eye. She hoped Brylee was smart enough to understand underlying meaning in her words. "Jonathon may be all those things, but the only reason I married him is because I love him with all my heart, and he loves me in the same way. He would never hurt me."
Brylee either ignored her pointedness, or she simply did not catch on because she shifted her weight before looking at her sister, almost with shame. "After you left, Mother and Father arranged to have me marry Dustin," she said softly.
"You do not have to do this, Brylee," Belle whispered almost desperately.
"Of course I do," she snapped just as softly. "Once you left, all my dreams of finding my Prince Charming were dashed. Do not get me wrong, sister, I am glad you found someone who cares for you, and I am honored that Commodore Commack will have me, despite the fact that I am not his first choice. However-"
Before Brylee could finish, her mother and father appeared at the door. Recognition flashed in both sets of eyes, and brilliant smiles eclipsed their face. Belle's father, Horace, looked at Brylee, and in a teasing voice, said, "Brylee, what is this? Keeping our guests from entering, even though that is most definitely our daughter?"
"I just had to make sure Father," Brylee said, faking a small smile as she looked up to meet her father's eyes.
"I have missed you," Belle told her parents. "This is my husband, Jonathon Donald." Before her father or mother could say anything, her eyes seemed to search for someone who was noticeably missing from her family reunion, someone she had missed undeniably, to the point of pain. "Mother, Father?" she questioned, her eyes still searching. "Where is Papa? I have missed him very much, and I would like to see him…"
---
Aaron watched as Belle's mother, father, and sister instantly sobered. They could not meet Belle’s eyes, and Brylee even sniffed.
"I am sorry, Belle," her mother said in a wispy voice so that it would not crack. "About a month after you left… well, we found him sleeping in the late afternoon. He never woke up."
It was a very good thing that Aaron had the reflexes of a cat because he caught Belle with ease just as she began to fall from a faint.

Chapter XIII
Aaron's arms quickly encircled Belle's falling frame, and within moments, he lifted her with ease. His right arm was underneath her knees while his left was securing her shoulders. If she had not fainted, they might resemble a bride and groom, about to step over the threshold of their home. Immediately, Belle's mother, Nancy, invited them inside, exclaiming disbelief that Brylee had not done so earlier considering the weather. Horace, Belle's father, was not sure how to react to his daughter's swoon, so, as usual, he took a step back, let his wife take care of everything, and turned red.
"Take Master Donald up to Belle's old bedroom," Nancy ordered in a crisp voice to her youngest daughter. "All she needs is rest; she should wake up soon." Her worried eyes gazed upon Aaron's nearly helpless face as he looked down at his bride. "I do apologize, Master Donald. This is not exactly how we expected supper to go, as you have probably guessed."
Aaron glanced up, studying the woman. Nancy Rochester was much shorter than he was, but then again, so were many people. She had short, red hair and those blue eyes he had seen in Brylee not moments ago. She was a bit chubby, but still had an attractiveness about her. When she smiled, a dimple popped out in her left cheek, and freckles seemed to consume her entire body. However, she was pale for the most part, and because of this, Aaron guessed that she must be of Irish descent.
"That is all right, Madame," he said, nodding curtly.
"Master Donald, this way please," Brylee called him, standing patiently at the foot of the stairs, one hand cupping the banister waiting for him so they could ascend.
In swift strides, Aaron reached Brylee with ease, and without a word spoken between them, she led him up the stairs. Turning left, towards the west wing of the home, she led the pirate captain to the very end of the hallway before opening a door. When Aaron stepped in, he could tell immediately that the room had not been used for a very long while. There was a large, four poster bed in the middle of the largest wall, decorated with green and silver silks. A desk and vanity mirror were adjacent to the bed, as was a large window with a beautiful view of the sea. Just opposite the bed, there was a rather large wardrobe. As Aaron's eyes slid around the room, he noticed some things that were slightly… off. A chair sitting next to the bed seemed like it did not belong, and the sheets looked wrinkled, as though they had not been changed in years. The window, too, was slightly ajar so he could smell the air tainted with salt.
Brylee observed Aaron as he surveyed the room, and guessed correctly at his questioning stare. "We have not changed the room since she disappeared," she told him quietly, her blue eyes gazing around the room as well.
Aaron laid Belle down, gently covering her up with the blankets so she would not get a chill from the breeze. He took a seat next to the chair, merely looking at his new companion. Despite the fact that she had, in fact, fainted, she looked so vulnerable as she slept. Her blonde tresses were beginning to fall from some of the pins, coiling down her neck or framing her face. She seemed to have inherited a small portion of her mother's freckles because they were splashed across her high cheeks and small, upturned nose. With full lips slightly agape and a slender neck, Aaron decided that maybe she was much prettier than he originally anticipated, but because she was so guarded, he did not spot it until just then.
"We used to share this room," Brylee stated.  Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment, but he could not say as to why. Aaron regarded the young woman silently with his eyes, showing that he was interested, before returning to look at her older sister. "The day she disappeared, I was out with Mother, shopping for her birthday gift. She had always wanted a horse of her own, but we knew Papa had already gotten one for her, so we were looking for nice riding attire to with it." When Brylee was nervous or emotional, she rambled. However, Aaron was not annoyed with her; he was actually interested in what she had to say.
"There was a… connection between the two," she continued, a sad smile on her pretty face. "Papa and Belle; they were always up to something mischievous together. Before bedtime, he would sit right where you were sitting in that exact chair and ask what story we wanted to hear before falling asleep. Of course, Belle was fascinated by Captain Donovan, but I think she loved watching and listening to Papa tell it more than anything. Father always had business to attend to, and Mother and I seemed to be more alike, but it did not bother Belle, really, because she had Papa, and he had her.
"In fact," Brylee said in a tone that resembled an idea she had previously forgotten and now reacquired, "he was the only person to disapprove of the match between Belle and Commodore Commack." She pushed her brows together, and Aaron looked at her for the first time. "The family just brushed his disapproval off because we just assumed that he did not think anyone was good enough for his little girl." She smiled again. "He would call her his pirate princess, and me, his pixie."
"He sounded like a good man," Aaron stated. He especially liked the fact that it was not just pirates and buccaneers that saw through Commack's little game.
"He was," Brylee said, nodding slightly. "It was he who told the maids to leave this room exactly as it had been when Belle left. He said…" She paused, her eyes filling with tears as she remembered. "He said that when Belle returned, he did not want her to think we had forgotten about her or replaced her. I think…" Another pause. "I think he blamed himself, really."
Aaron furrowed his brow at this. "Why would he think such a thing?" he asked in a soft voice, not wanting to wake Belle. He believed her body protected the young woman by fainting. It was obviously too much for her to take; a scar that was more than just skin deep. He did not want her to awake and overhear this conversation in case it caused her to faint once more.
"He was telling her a story," Brylee told him, and she grinned. "Another pirate story, no doubt. Both Mother and Father tried to coax her out of her phase, but Papa found it amusing. She would always tell him that when she was older, she was going to be a pirate, and he told her that if anyone could do it, it would be her." She paused, her blue eyes getting cloudy. "Apparently, one of the butlers knocked on the door, interrupting the story. It must have been business, or at least, that is what Papa said it was, and so he left Belle while he went to take care of matters. It turned out, the guest was Master Commack, Commodore Commack's father. The two had never really liked each other, so the meeting lasted longer than Papa had previously expected." She tilted her head and rubbed her chin with her fingers in a thoughtful manner. "When he returned to Belle's room, he found Commodore Commack there as well, but no sign of Belle."
"Commack was here?" he asked as his brow furrowed on its own accord. "Should he not have had some sort of supervision, entering a lady's room?"
"That is what my grandfather believed as well," Brylee said. "He told him that if Belle ever returned, he would never have her hand in marriage as long as he lived. The family thought it was a bit harsh, but Papa did not relent. He had always had his suspicions concerning Commodore Commack, and he felt that this disappearance act of Belle's justified them.
"After Belle disappeared, he became less jovial and much more withdrawn," she said. "I think, for whatever reason, they both lost a piece of themselves, being apart, whether Belle would admit it or not. When Papa finally died, about a month or so later, we assumed that it was due to heartache. He wrote a letter to Belle, giving it to my mother to give to her if she ever returned." Another pause, and then, "But for the rest of his days, he did not retract his blame on the Commacks."
"Yet you are engaged to the very same man that your grandfather suspected of causing his granddaughter to run away," Aaron stated. It was not meant to be accusing; it was mere fact.
"It is my duty," Brylee said, slightly defensive. "My family believed that Dustin Commack would make a good match. We were just lucky he would have me and not my sister." A moment of silence passed between the two before a flash of anger captured her eyes. "I was so mad at her for the longest time. I believed she ran away because she did not want to marry Dustin. Everyone knew she did not like him all that much."
"Then she must have realized at a young age that your duty to yourself should always trump duty to anyone else," Aaron said to her, "even if it means hurting the ones you love. I highly doubt if she and her grandfather were as close as you say that she could so easily leave him without a word. There had to be a reason; maybe it was the impending nuptials, but maybe not. Whatever the reason, she chose to run away, knowingly leaving everyone and everything behind."
"I have always wondered why," Brylee said, gazing at her sister as if the sleeping form could reveal the answer to her.
"Whatever the reason, it is her secret to keep until she decides to share it," he replied just as quietly.

Chapter XIV
The fact was, however, that Aaron wanted to know why Belle had decided to run away as well. She was obviously very close to her family, especially when concerning her late grandfather, so something must have provoked her into leaving. Whatever it was, she would not share it; he could tell by the way she was guarding it.
"I should take me leave," Brylee said, looking away once again from intimate gaze Aaron had been looking at her sister with. "I am expecting someone." With that, she gave him a quick curtsey and left, shutting the door gently behind her.
After a very long moment, a low moan escaped the depths of Belle's throat. Aaron's brow perked and he leaned away from her body, hoping to give her air. He watched her blink a couple of times, her eyelashes fluttering. Immediately, he could tell that she recognized where she was and her head snapped at Aaron. For whatever reason, disappointment clouded her green eyes and she looked away almost dismally. She let out a sigh through her small, upturned nose, and pushed herself in a sitting position so that her back was resting on the wooden headboard.
"So it's true then, isn't it?" she asked in a small, pained voice, looking at the dirt collecting under her nails rather than her husband. She wasn't exactly sure she wanted to be alone or if she wanted the company of someone who was not related to her at all; a stranger she could divulge most of her secrets to.
Aaron was thrown off by her question; in essence, he was not sure how to respond. This, of course, caused him some confusion because usually, he was quite good at skillfully crafting the English language to come out charming and reassuring. Now, however, no matter what he said, things were not changing; he couldn't exactly make her grandfather come back. And she would continue to feel this way for an indefinite amount of time. Belle may not show it; she was quite good at masking what she was really feeling, but he highly doubted she would get over such a death, especially after hearing everything Brylee had to say.
"It's not your fault, you know," he told her, his voice velvet like a smooth wine. She regarded him with her eyes, a hopeful glint in there. Her heartbreak caused him a bout of depression, and somewhere against his chest, his heart beat almost painfully for her.
"How can you say that?" she asked him, looking away from those dark orbs of his. Again, she began to play with her nails, and lightly grazed her bottom lip with her teeth. "You heard what my mother said. She said…" Her voice cracked at this and she gulped, trying to restrain her tears from falling down her face. "She said that a month after I left, he passed. If I had just stayed, maybe-"
Aaron leaned over the side of the bed and gently gripped her shoulders so that his eyes were locked into hers. "We cannot go back and change things," he told her softly but firmly, "no matter how bad we may want to."
Maybe it was Aaron's smooth tone or the way he looked at her so deeply with those brown eyes, but for whatever reason, Belle could not hold back any longer. She collapsed into Aaron's chest and her tears began to mercilessly fall, staining her cheeks with their trail. Aaron was momentarily surprised, but caught himself and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her towards him. He was still sitting in the chair and she was still on the bed so the position was awkward, but for the moment, it was what she needed, and he was happy to provide it for her.
"Have you… have you ever lost someone?" she asked and then sniffed, keeping her head tucked against Aaron's shoulder so she would not have to look at him. She hated crying, but she had no idea what else to do. It actually felt good to release the tension.
Aaron froze for a moment, again, unsure of how to answer. He pursed his lips before rubbing them together slowly, as he sat silently in thought. He did not want to be condescending concerning Belle's feelings and give her some sort of fable, although he could easily do so, and yet, he had never lost someone the same way Belle had, or at least, not that he knew of.
"No, actually," he said, his brow raising gently as he gazed down at her, his hands cupping the small of her back securely. "I cannot imagine what you must be experiencing right now." He paused, listening as she began to slowly but surely calm down. Her shoulders still twitched, but the gesture was more sporadic now than before. "But no matter what, I am here for you, as long as you need me."
Belle smiled at that comment, and subconsciously pushed herself deeper into Aaron's embrace. His arms warmed her and made her feel safe; she did not want to leave her current position any time soon. Her fingers balled his nice tunic into fists. He was sure she had dirtied said tunic up with her wet face pressing into the shirt, wrinkling it simultaneously. Subconsciously, she thanked Aaron for telling her to forgo the make-up tonight. If he had not, her face would be a careless painting pressed against the whiteness of Aaron's canvas.
"You know," she said, pulling her head from him slightly so she could look at him while she spoke. A shy smile decorated her face and he couldn't help but smile in return. "I would tell my grandfather that one day, I was going to be a fierce pirate lord, sailing the seven seas, pillaging and robbing and whatnot, and he told me that he would be honored to sail with me as my first mate." Her eyes clouded and he could tell she was trying to withhold her tears. A soft, sad chuckle escaped from her throat. "I, uh… I even wrote up my articles and he signed them."
"I think I would have liked to meet this man," Aaron said, tracing some random patterns on the small of Belle's back.
"He would have liked you," Belle said, her eyes lighting up, and sadness, for the moment, dissipating. She smiled warmly at him as she said, "I think that was what scared my family the most; it was not my fascination with you and the stories he relayed to me, but the way he spoke when he spoke of you. I think… I think that if he was not as fiercely loyal to his family as he was, he might have turned pirate himself."
"An admiral opponent," Aaron said, nodding curtly. "Or ally, depending."
This caused Belle to chuckle, and she leaned her head back down on Aaron's shoulder and sighed. It used to be that she could feel completely secure in her Papa's arms, in her Papa's lap, but now, she was beginning to find that Aaron was slowly taking over that role. It scared her, yes, and she knew that she wasn't replacing her dear grandfather, but despite her unsure fear, she would not pull herself from him. She closed her eyes, another sigh escaping from her nose, and she thought off-handedly how easy it would be to fall asleep right here. Aaron continued to trace random patterns on the small of her back, causing goose bumps to prick her skin.
"Why did you become a pirate?" she asked, her voice muffled against the cloth.
This caused him to raise his brow, but he did not stop his ministrations, and even rested his chin gently on the top of hers. How should he begin?
However, before he could even put the words together, a knock on the door interrupted them. This did not cause them to immediately jump apart; they were supposed to be husband and wife after all, but that wasn't why they held onto each other. They did not want to part, at least not just yet, though Belle did shift her head to look at their intruder. It was her mother.
"Belle?" she inquired delicately, standing in the doorframe, unsure of whether to enter or to stay where she was.
"Yes, Mother?" she asked her, quirking a brow.
"If I may, I would like to show you something," She interlocked her fingers and looked at the couple with a steady gaze. She paused, chewing her bottom lip, before mentioning, "Before you left, your grandfather wanted to give you something for your birthday." Another pause; her mother was making sure her voice was not shaky. She had to stay strong for her daughter's sake. "I would like to give it to you now, if I may. Supper is nearly ready, and I would like to do this before we sit down to eat."
Belle nodded, slipping out of Aaron's hold. She was about to follow her mother, before turning and leaning towards her faux-husband. "Thank you," she whispered.
Aaron nodded, and watched her disappear out the door.

Chapter XV
Belle wiped away the remnants of her tears as she followed her mother down the grand staircase. Instead of turning down the hall and into the dining room, however, Nancy led her daughter straight, so the two ended up outside, in front of the house. Darkness had come swiftly, but Nancy had picked up a lantern on the way outside, and the two continued around the house. As she walked, Belle glanced up at the sky. Usually, she could see bright stars twinkling down at her as well as a large moon, the sun of the night. However, tonight, dark clouds were the only thing she could make out, and she knew that at any moment, it might start to rain. Finally, the two women stopped at the stables.
Belle furrowed her brow, but remained silent. Did they need a horse to go where her mother was leading them? If so, why couldn't they take a carriage? Surely her mother could not have missed those large clouds that now painted the black portrait. However, despite her wonderings, she followed her mother deeper into the stables until they reached the last horse. It was one Belle had not recognized, but this really did not bother her; she figured their parents would get more horses whether she was with them or not. They were avid animal lovers, which was probably why she was so fond of animals as well.
"This," her mother said finally, turning to look at her daughter, but continued to pet the horse's long nose, "is Scarlet." Almost as though the horse knew Nancy was introducing her, the horse snorted, regarding her new visitor with her deep brown eyes. "She was…" Nancy faltered, but quickly collected her bearings. "Well, she was supposed to be your birthday present when you turned thirteen. Your grandfather picked her out himself from a breeder back in London. You know what a legend he was on a horse."
Belle stepped forward, entranced by the beauty of the animal. She nodded almost robotically as she placed her hand under the horse's nose, so Scarlet could smell her. After a moment, the horse snorted again, indicating that it was all right if Belle pet her. Nancy took a step back, just watching her daughter reclaim the horse, attending to the horse in the same way Nancy had been.
"He told me that when I turned thirteen, that he would teach me how to ride," Belle said sadly, her back still toward her mother. "Of course, that never happened and I managed on my own, but how I would trade everything for just one more hour with him, just to apologize for any agony I might have caused him."
"You know he loved you more than anything in the world, Belle," Nancy said in a quiet voice, pulling something from her coat pocket and setting it on a rusted table. "You could never hurt him. Yes, he was devastated to see you go, but he was also proud. You know he did not want you to marry Master Commack. He figured this was your way of escape." She paused, grabbing another lantern and lighting it with the flame from hers. "He also left you a note, if you ever decided to come back. He… he wanted me to give it to you." She cleared her throat and plastered a fake smile on her face. However, it did not make a difference, really, because Belle's attention was focused squarely on her late gift. "I should take my leave, my dear. We are expecting another guest, and I do not want to be rude. Supper should be ready soon, so please do not delay, hmm?"
Belle merely nodded, and would not turn around until she heard the stable doors close. Her tears finally released themselves and she glanced around. The horse, sensing her discomfort, tried to reassure her. There, underneath the stable's lantern, was a note. Belle could not sit down fast enough.
---
Aaron waited a long while until he felt it was safe to emerge from the bedroom. He readjusted his shirt and tried to remove the wrinkles as best as possible before heading down the hallway. Instead of turning to go down the grand staircase, however, he opted to some exploring of his own. Originally, he wanted to slink through bedrooms and try to figure out what life might have been like for his new companion, but a painting caused him to stop. It was at the far end of the hallway, resting on the wall. There was an older looking man, with an oval-shaped face, a firm brow, and twinkling blue eyes. His short, greying hair was combed perfectly to the right, and his lips which were prone to frowning when he was younger, curled up into a happy grin. He wore very nice clothes, but nothing too gaudy. Immediately, he recognized Brylee, on the man's right side. She had lighter hair, pulled into a tight bun, but she still had those blue eyes. A curt smile was on her face, and she was wearing a blue dress that brought out her eyes even more. She must have been serious, even in childhood, Aaron mused silently to himself.
Finally, his eyes rested on the older girl, on the man's left. Immediately, he recognized her as Belle. She must have decided to let her dirty blonde hair flow freely down her back in messy waves that framed her heart-shaped face. Her green eyes sparkled in the same was as her grandfather's did, and freckles still were dabbled on her cheeks and nose. Instead of a firm smile, hers was big and genuine, flashing her baby teeth that included a gap on her left side. She was wearing a gold colored dress that seemed to suit her nicely. He guessed that she had to have been ten years old when this was painted because both girls still had a considerable amount of baby fat in their cheeks. The thing that struck Aaron was how happy she looked in that picture; those eyes sparkled mischievously, and that careless smile revealed her outlook on the world. She probably could have been a pirate if she really wanted to.
A knock on the door caused him to pause. Before turning, he cast one last look at the painting, placing it securely in his memory before deciding to head down the stairs. As he followed the wine-colored stairs downward, the front door opened before him. Aaron felt his blood run cold, and he paused, thrown off by the latest turn of events.
"Ah, Commodore Commack," Barnaby greeted. "The Rochesters are expecting you. They are in the dining room."
The young Commodore entered. It would seem he was their mystery guest.
---
Belle's fingers were shaking as she carefully opened the envelope, wary not to break the seal. Taking out the piece of parchment, she immediately recognized her grandfather's unique style of handwriting. Before reading, however, she placed the paper to her nose, hoping that maybe she could still smell him on the letter. Barely a scent, but it was there; a hint of salt and cologne. She would have to snatch a handkerchief from his room before she departed; those always smelled like him.
Then, with thought tucked securely away, she proceeded to read.
My Dearest Granddaughter,
I hope that wherever you are, you are safe and happy. I know that you did not intentionally run away in means to hurt your family. There is always a reason you do things, my Belle. You are incredibly intelligent and I respect your decision to escape life on Port Royal. If anything, I wish I could have gone with you. You and I would have had some grand adventures and seen new and exciting lands.
It is my deepest regret to not be able to hand you this note myself. I want to tell you right now that my death is in no way your fault. Think of it this way, my dear; now, I am with you wherever you go! You may not see me, and you may not hear me, but please know that I am with you and will remain so for the rest of your life. You may speak to me, and while I cannot respond, know that I hear you. 
I want you to do many things before it is your turn to pass. I want you to travel the world, my dear, and see things you would have never seen. I want you to marry someone you truly want to marry, someone who makes you happy, someone who truly deserves you (although I highly doubt there could ever be such a man). I want you to marry someone you love, whether they are within our social class or not, someone who would be happy to give you the world if you asked for it. I am glad that you will not be marrying Dustin Commack. I want you to have children because I know what a great mother you will be. I want you to make mistakes and I want you to learn from them. I want you to be strong, fierce, and loyal to whomever is deserving of it. I want you to be selfish and I want you to be compassionate; I know you are smart enough to know when to be one and when to be the other. And I want you to be a pirate, in some form, because I know that is what you have always wanted to do. Most importantly, I want you to be happy, my granddaughter, because more than anything, you deserve all the happiness the world can offer.
I am looking forward to watching you as you live your life. Forever, I will be your guardian angel. Never forget that, my love.
All my love, for the rest of time,
Your Papa
P.S. No matter what you choose to do with your life, no matter how many mistakes you make, I am and will always be proud of you.
Belle read it three more times, the tears spilling from her eyes just as the rain broke free from the clouds and began to fall from the sky.

Chapter XVI
After a long moment, Belle decided to go to the town's graveyard. It was rather small and adjacent to the church, a few miles into town. After slipping on an old rider's jacket and then tucking the note securely in the inside pocket of the jacket, she went over to where they kept the saddles hung, and after spending a moment picking out the particular one she wanted, she walked back over to Scarlet and slipped into her stable. It did not take long for Belle to get the horse ready to ride. Scarlet, obvious to the fact that she was going to get some exercise, snorted and rocked her head in both impatience and excitement.
As soon as Belle was readying herself to hop on the horse's back, Brylee walked in swiftly, her brow pushed down and her hands balled into fists. When she noticed what her older sister was planning to do, her face turned slightly red with frustration.
"Are you mad?" she exclaimed, as Belle slipped a foot in the stirrup before swinging her right leg over and doing the same with her right foot. "It's raining!"
"I did not notice," Belle told her younger sister dryly. She gently grabbed the reins and held them firmly in her hands. Her gaze turned serious as she regarded her sister. "Brylee, I have just found that Papa has passed away. I have not yet paid my respects to him. Please, sister. This is something I feel I must do. Tell everyone inside to start supper without me; I'll be along shortly."
Brylee looked up at her sister and knew it was foolish to argue with her when it was something Belle was so keen on doing. In all honesty, she should have realized sooner that Belle would pull something like this. Walking over to the lit lantern, Brylee nodded silently. She took the light into her hand and handed it to her sister, a soft look of worry crossing her features.
"It is dark out there," she explained. "It is only worse that it is raining. Please be careful, and return home soon. I do not know what I will tell them."
"You're smart Brylee," Belle replied, glancing at Brylee's wet umbrella in her hand. "I am sure you will figure out something to tell everyone." With that, the woman gently placed her heels into the horse's side, indicating that it was time to go. The horse neighed and then took off, out the doors and into the rain. With one hand on the reigns, the other clasping the lantern, the two exited the Rochester grounds and disappeared into the darkness.
Belle actually laughed for a moment as she felt the rain consume not only her, but her horse as well. She was thankful she had brought the warm coat because that was her only source of warmth. The horse's red fur was getting soaked, as was Belle's hair, attire and skin, but neither seemed to mind. It was almost cleansing, and she wished the rain had the power to absolve sin from the flesh. Onward she continued, the light from the lantern shaking, but Belle could not tell if it was because of the horse's gallops or because she was shivering.
I probably should have worn gloves, she thought, but now it was too late; they were nearly there.
---
Aaron took a seat at the very pristine dining table. Next to him, there was an empty seat, obviously reserved for his wife. At the head of the table, Horace sat, waiting patiently for everyone to join him. Opposite her husband sat Nancy, who kept glancing at the clock. The older woman looked worried, and Aaron wondered why. They had found Belle; should she not be happy? Her fingers rolled almost hypnotically on the table as every second tipped away. The pirate captain rather would have focused on this woman rather than the man sitting across from him.
Commodore Dustin Commack had not changed since that fateful day in the Caribbean Sea, a few miles from New Providence. How long ago was that day? Maybe two years ago, maybe a bit longer, but Aaron remembered it like it happened only yesterday. The man had put on a few pounds since then; he was big now, with a protruding stomach. Standing at five foot ten, Aaron still towered over him, and he hoped that his height had not given him away. However, it would appear that Commack did not recognize Aaron, or at least, not yet. With short, brown hair and gold eyes, Commack was highly sought after by women, mostly for his status as a ranking officer in the Royal Navy. And the thing that Aaron absolutely detested on the man; that smirk of his that conveyed how he deserved such a title, how he was better than everyone he had previously encountered.
It had been on a night, much like this one; stormy, windy, and downright cold. Aaron and his crew had just dispersed some of his acquired wealth to the people he found deserving in New Providence, and was heading back to Tortuga to give out the rest. That was when his ship was intercepted by Commack's ship, the Golden Belle. He had to give it to Commack, however; the commodore had sneaked up on him. A battle had broken out, taking place on both decks of the ships. Both Aaron and Commack had lost good men to the other side, and soon crimson was entwining with the rainwater and staining the decks. Aaron had been fighting a random soldier, his attention solely focused on the man in front of him, when Commack had slipped behind him and stabbed him, quite literally, in the back. Luckily, Aaron had survived because of his very skillful physician, but the scar was there, and would never go away.
It was then that Brylee walked in, closing her umbrella. Aaron looked at the young woman, silently wondering where Belle was. She took a seat next to Commack, who leaned towards her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Aaron's eyes narrowed in Brylee's direction; she did not seem to enjoy it, but then Brylee's face was usually passive, so it was hard to decipher.
"Why have we not started eating?" Commack questioned, glancing between both Master and Misses Rochester.
"We are waiting on my wife," Aaron said, trying to keep the bitterness out of his voice and succeeding only partially.
"Ah," Commack said, nodding in approval. "If she does not know we are waiting on her to dine, should you not go and fetch her? I say, it is quite rude to be the last one at the dining table, especially if one is a guest."
Aaron bit the inside of his bottom lip to keep from retorting something that would most probably get him thrown out of the house. Instead, he took his glass in his hand and took a rather large gulp of red wine. The smooth velvet liquid slid down his throat, warming his inside and calming him down a fraction. It would be very satisfying if he had some lit tobacco in his hand as well, but he could not be picky, at least not now.
His dark eyes glanced at the front door. Where the hell was Belle? he wondered.
---
It was a small headstone with just his name and the year he was born, as well as the year he had passed on. She slowed the horse, and slid off her before walking to a nearby tree and tying the reigns to a branch. This way, the horse would have some shelter from the rain. Belle, on the other hand, walked over to her grandfather's gravesite. She looked at it with sorrow and disappointment, before kneeling towards the headstone and tracing his engraved name with her fingers.
"I miss you," she whispered, but even she could not hear her own words due to the volume of the rain, "but I am glad you are with me for now, and forever." She paused, before saying, "I love you more than anything in this world." With that, she kissed the large 'O', his first initial of his first name, before departing and heading back to her horse. After untying the horse and mounting her, Belle quickly returned home.
A stable boy greeted her, claiming that Brylee had sent for him to take care of Scarlet while she dried off. Belle thanked the boy, who took the horse and the lantern from her and headed into the shelter of the stables. Belle turned and headed back into her house, a small smile on her face. However, when she walked in she felt her body tense so tightly that she could not move. Her eyes were fixed on the man sitting next to her sister, the man who took from her what only she could give. She hated to admit it, but she was scared of him, just as she had been all those years ago.
He was back. Commodore Dustin Commack was right there, before her, and it did not look like he was going anywhere.

Chapter XVII
"This," Aaron said, standing up and walking over to the very drenched Belle, "is my wife. I am sure you are somewhat familiar with her; Belle Rochester…" He chuckled, shaking his head, and then glanced down. "My mistake - Belle Donald." He glanced down at his wife and squeezed her side, causing her to look up at him. He smiled down at her. "How long have we been married, dear? I keep referring to you by your birth name."
Belle relaxed at Aaron's façade he was painting, and smiled up at him sweetly. "Well, dear, we have been married for two years now, though we've known each other for five," she said. "I am beginning to fear that you may not want me as your wife since you seem unable to pair my first name with your last name."
Aaron chuckled and leaned down towards her, imitating an intimate gesture. "You know I love you more than anything in the world," he told her lowly, but enough so that people could overhear.
"Well, Miss Belle," Dustin said, his eyes following the curves of her body before meeting her eyes once again. Belle felt herself squeeze closer to Aaron, denying not even to herself at the fear she felt in his mere presence. "I have not seen you in eight years. My, you look… much older than before."
"That is what eight years does to a person," Belle muttered in a dark tone, casting her eyes away.
"Belle, dear," Nancy said, standing up. "You looked absolutely drenched. I do not know what you were doing out in the rain, and to be honest, I probably do not want to know. You need to change into something warmer lest you catch the flu!" She glanced over at her daughter, and raised her brow expectantly. "Brylee, please go aide your sister. We will start supper because it looks as though it may have already gotten cold."
"That is all right Mother," Belle said, glancing at her mother almost stoically as Brylee stood up and walked over to stand next to Belle. "I do not have much of an appetite anyways."
Aaron released his hold on the young women and the two sisters headed up the stairs. Awkward silence hung over the four remaining people. Aaron rubbed his hands together and plastered on a smile. "Well then," he said, glancing at the dining table. "Let's eat, shall we?"
---
Once Belle and Brylee were both in Belle's room, Brylee shut the door behind her. Her fingers immediately sought out the damp laces of her sister's corset. It was harder to undo because the wetness had soaked through the lace. If the positions had been switched, and it was Belle who was untying Brylee's corset, she would have no problem undoing them. Belle always had a knack for untying knots, no matter how tight they were. It was not very common when Belle had to put her talent into effect, but it was practical, and in times like this, very useful. However, Brylee was making due.
"I do not want you to marry Dustin Commack," Belle said in a whisper, even though the sisters were most certainly alone.
Brylee paused in her ministrations and a glare contorted her features, despite her understanding that Belle could not see her. "Belle, let us not start this again," she said, her voice tight. "I have seen you after ten long years and I do not wish to fight with you. Let us agree to disagree." She continued to untie the damp string as Belle tensed.
"Brylee, please," Belle said firmly, turning her head to the side so she could regard her younger sister as best as she could. "You must trust me concerning this matter."
"Trust you?" Brylee asked, just as the last ruminants of the knots had ceased. She took a couple of steps back, knowing that once Belle got her mind wrapped around something, she would forget about everything else, including to change. "Says the sister who runs away for no apparent reason save that she can? You left no note, no indication of why you made this dramatic decision, and no word of goodbye. We did not know if you were still alive, Belle! You cannot imagine what kind of pain we went through when we lost you."
"Did you ever think that maybe I ran away for a reason?" Belle demanded, holding her corset to her chest as she whirled around to face her sister.
"Whatever the reason, it was still a selfish thing for you to do," Brylee returned, heading to Belle's wardrobe and roughly examining the dresses before picking a relatively loose light blue one and tossing it to her. "Do you think I initially wanted to marry Dustin Commack? Of course not, Belle! I want to marry my own Prince Charming. But since you disappeared, breaking a very important deal between our family and his, our parents had no choice but to offer me up as second-helpings. How do you think that feels, being second-helpings to a sister's shadow I cannot live up to?"
"Then why are you doing this?" Belle asked, pushing her brows up as she slid behind a changing curtain. "You know that if you spoke seriously to Mother how you do not want to go through with the nuptials, she will not make you. She will not!"
"It is my duty!" Brylee exclaimed, stamping her foot in exasperation. "I cannot help it! Because you have turned against our family by disappearing, I now have to be nearly perfect. Father is worried I will follow in your footsteps and run away as well."
Belle suddenly popped her head around the curtain, her green eyes wide. A slow smile slid across her face and she looked at her sister with a dull, mischievous twinkle in her eyes. "That's brilliant, Bry," she whispered, and her head disappeared as she fit into her dress. When she finished, she walked out from the dressing curtain and over to her sister, turning around so that Brylee could retie her corset. "Come away with Aaron and me," she said as Brylee began to help her sister lace the corset. "Before you reject the idea, Brylee, please hear me out. You know that Papa would have wanted you to travel the world before you settled down and had a family, correct? And I have heard you do not have to get married until you turn one-and-twenty, which is not for another four months. In that time, come away with Aaron and me. If you still wish to be married, we will return you in time for your wedding."
Brylee paused, but she did not initially refuse. This made Belle very hopeful.
"Why do you not like Commodore Commack?" she asked, curious.
Belle stopped, thinking very hard before replying, "Brylee, that man is a poison that will intoxicate your body until the day you die. Maybe one day I will relay to you why I do not like him, but now is not the time. I need your trust on this issue, Brylee. Please, give me your trust."
"I do not think Mother and Father would approve of me leaving suddenly," Brylee said, still doubtful but there was a touch of interest in her voice.
"I think that if we talk to Mother, tell her how Papa would have wanted each of us to travel the world before we married," Belle said with a smile on her face. She could save her sister from that wretched man. "Tell her that we sisters desire nothing more than to catch up, and how my husband is incredibly supportive. Then she will be on our side, and if anyone can sway Father, you know it is Mother."
"That is true," Brylee agreed, with a small smile on her face. When she finished tying up Belle's corset, she led her older sister out of the room and into the wash room. "Belle, I am not so sure. I highly doubt Dustin will be happy with this impulsive arrangement." She picked up and towel and began to dry her older sister's hair.
"Brylee, you are not married to that man yet," Belle said, her voice unwavering, anger at Dustin flaring up. "This has nothing to do with him, and everything to do with you. He cannot make your decisions yet, only you can. Think about it; this may be the last grand decision you get to make without his input." She paused, enjoying the way Brylee gently rubbed her head with the towel. "So?" she asked, slightly worried Brylee might change her mind. "What say you?"
"I say…" Brylee began before letting her voice trail off. She reached around and grabbed a brush from a nearby table before she began to gently brush Belle's messy tresses. "I say that yes, I would love to go with you and your husband." She paused. "Where exactly are we going though, Belle?"
Belle laughed, genuinely happy for the first time that night, and grabbed Brylee's free hand and squeezing it. "That is the best part about this whole thing, Brylee," she said. "We do not know! We can go anywhere we wish!"

Chapter XVIII
Belle and Brylee both returned downstairs, and with Brylee leading, the two entered the dining room. While Brylee went around to sit next to her newly betrothed, Belle made sure to avoid any and all eye contact with the Commodore as she took her place next to Aaron. Aaron's eyes immediately peered at Belle from the corner of his dark eyes, noticing her sudden change in demeanor. She looked calm, content, and as a result, her face appeared more natural, youthful. Aaron decided that he liked it very much, but his curiosity wanted to know just what she had done, what Brylee had done, to cause Belle to visibly relax.
"You know, Mister Donald," Dustin Commack said, sitting up straighter as he leaned his arm on the back of Brylee's chair. Belle narrowed her eyes at it, wondering if the man was trying to upset her with a gesture as simple as that. "You are interestingly enough, very familiar. Have we met before?"
Belle shifted her eyes so they were now looking at Aaron's sharp profile. She didn't know how he did it, but he managed to keep his face as passive as possible, revealing absolutely nothing.
"I was thinking the same thing, in fact!" Horace exclaimed with a twinkle in his hazel eyes.
"I can assure you that we have not met," Aaron said slowly, and Belle recognized that the man was trying to control his voice as best he could to make sure he wasn't giving anything away. If he was doing that much to make sure he revealed absolutely nothing about who he really was, then Dustin Commack was more dangerous than Belle originally believed. "I am sure that if we had, I would remember you."
"That does not take away from the fact that you have a familiar face," Horace said just as the servants entered the dining room from the swinging door that connected to the kitchen with the first course of dinner on plates, ready to be served. Horace paid them no mind as he glanced over at his daughter. "I say Arabella, did you think you recognized him before you decided to marry him?"
Belle glanced up at her father to find that he was teasing her, so she smiled slowly before quietly thanking the man who placed her food in front of her. "Well, Father," she began, raising the glass of water to her lips and swallowing some before replacing it on the table. "To answer your question, no, I did not recognize who he was or think he was somebody else. But his face did catch my eye." She smiled, and Aaron realized it had a mischievous glint to it. So the woman did have a sense of humor after all. And that smile of hers was full of wicked promises she did not intend to keep. Even he could not stop the corners of his lips from pushing up into a small grin of his own.
"May I tell you something quite humorous?" Dustin asked after swallowing a rather large bite of the greenery that was placed in front of him. Though he had asked a question, the way his golden eyes bronzed as he regarded Aaron said that it was nothing of the sort.
"Of course," Aaron answered, nodding once. "I am always in the mood for some sort of humor."
"Yes, well this particular tidbit of information will be ironic, if anything else," Dustin told him before tilting his head in Belle's direction, while keeping his gaze squarely on the pirate captain. "The woman you are now married to, Arabella; she and I used to be betrothed when we were children."
"Oh?" Aaron asked, raising a brow, though he had known quite well the two had shared a history together. "That is ironic. Well then Mister Commack, I really must thank you for terminating such an arrangement for I have never been happier in my entire life than I am with my Belle." For whatever reason, the words sent a flattering chill down the woman's spine even though she knew they were false, only said to keep their appearances up. Before she realized it, Aaron placed his arm around her shoulders, though she couldn't see the unexplainable territorial look that currently resided in Aaron's eyes, making them darker than they already were.
"It's Commodore Commack, and actually, no," Dustin said, trying to maintain his temper as his eyes narrowed at the contact before heading over to Aaron once again. "It wasn't me who broke off our engagement. For whatever reason, Belle ran away without telling anybody, and as a result, I was left with no fiancée. However, I was lucky enough to be matched with her beautiful sister."
Belle clenched her jaw as she watched Dustin place his hand on Brylee's shoulder and squeeze. She caught eyes with Brylee who, to her credit, forced a smile, but it was evident in those clear blue eyes of hers that she wasn't overjoyed with the caress.
"Everything worked out then, Commodore," Aaron stated before taking a bite of the salad. As he chewed, he gave Dustin a smile, though Belle was quick to notice that it did not reach her eyes.
"It would seem it did," Dustin agreed, his voice low. His tone seemed to contradict his words, but no one said anything about it. Instead, Dustin let his hand holding onto Brylee drop in his lap, and he took a long gulp of his wine.
"So where are you off to now, Belle?" Nancy asked, looking over at the daughter who had returned to her after all these years. "With a husband such as Master Donald, surely you'll be traveling. He is a successful merchant after all."
"Yes he is," Belle said, hating that she had to lie to her mother in order to help out Brylee. However, it was deemed necessary, and Belle would be damned if Brylee actually married the brute sitting next to her. Even if it meant lying to her mother. "And yes, we plan to travel all over the world."
"How exciting!" Horace exclaimed, looking at the couple with approving eyes.
"I agree," Belle said with a smile. "Actually, when Brylee and I were upstairs, I was telling her all the places we were to visit. It would seem she has not even left Port Royal! I thoroughly think a woman should be well-traveled before she settles down to marry."
"Is that why you ran away all those years ago?" Dustin asked her, raising a taunting brow. "So you would be well-traveled before our nuptials?"
Belle felt herself clench her teeth together, and before she could respond, she felt Aaron squeeze her shoulder very slightly. For whatever reason, the gesture calmed her down, and in a moment, she felt herself relax against him. No wonder he could throw dice so well; he had very talented hands.
Instead, Belle smiled and ignored the commodore, throwing her glance over to her mother. "You know, Mother," she said, her tone suggesting that she was going to say something she believed in, "I think Brylee should accompany Jonathon and me as we travel to different places."
"What?" Dustin asked sharply, narrowing accusing her eyes in Belle's direction. It was the first sign that he was on the brink of losing his patience.
"What?" Aaron asked at nearly the same moment, though his tone was more curious than sharp.
Horace and Nancy exchanged looks across the table before they both regarded Belle once again, hoping for some sort of explanation.
"Well," Belle said before swallowing a nice amount of chewed lettuce. "I assumed that Brylee would be marrying Dustin Commack relatively soon, and I feel she should see some of the world before she has to stay here and raise a family. Jonathon and I are traveling now, so the opportunity has presented itself rather nicely, and I really would like to catch up with my sister that I have not seen in so long. I can promise that we will return Brylee to Port Royal in time for the wedding; we do want to see the two get married, after all. And certainly it is not fair that Commodore Commack will no doubt be busy with his new esteemed position and Brylee will have nothing to entertain herself as the days go by. Why not allow her to travel for a bit, with her older sister at that?"
"Brylee has her activities that can get her through the days quite nicely," Dustin said, his voice low, tight. "She does not need to see the world to be a good wife."
"Yes, well, maybe she wants to," Belle said in a retort-like fashion. "Have you even asked her? You seem to already be making decisions for her and yet you are not even married."
"I made none of your decisions, and look at you," Dustin said through gritted teeth.
"I think I turned out quite nicely," Belle told him with nonchalance. "And I think I did a pretty good job. I married someone I love very much, a wealthy merchant at that. I have never been happier." The small insult thrown Dustin's way went unnoticed by everyone save Aaron and Dustin himself.
"I do want to go," Brylee said, her voice coming out slightly weaker than normal. However, her eyes remained firm. "I really would like to travel a bit before having a family. I really would like to spend time with my sister. I do wish to go."
Belle smirked in Dustin's direction, perking her brow as if to say, 'Told you so.'

Chapter XIX
"I still must disagree to this proposal," Dustin said once supper had finished and Master Rochester was leading him outside. "I daresay no good can come from this. Though Belle seems to be quite fine, I am not sure we can trust her word when she had run away all those years ago. And that husband of hers; I do not trust him. We do not know anything about him, sir."
"Yes, yes," Horace said, trying to keep his patience as he leaned on the doorway, awaiting for Dustin Commack, the new Commodore, to take his leave.
"Please," Dustin said, suddenly spinning around on his heel so he could face Master Rochester. Horace blinked, startled by the sudden action. "At least take my worries into consideration, sir."
"Will do," Horace agreed, nodding once. "It has been, as always, a pleasure to have your company, Commodore. I do hope you will be joining us once again in the future."
"Of course," Dustin said in a solemn tone, and then disappeared out the front doors of the manor.
Belle and Aaron were currently standing in the dining room with Brylee, speaking in hushed tones concerning the idea that had been presented at supper. Actually, truth be told, Belle and Brylee were speaking while Aaron looked at them with a lazy gaze. Though he appeared to not be paying attention, Aaron was listening intently despite the fact that it was hard to hear his supposed wife due to how softly she was speaking.  It did not matter that she was standing a couple of feet from him. His hands were placed loosely in his pockets and his brow was resting casually over his eyes as he watched Dustin Commack leave the residence. He knew he was quite lucky to have remained in this house without recognition, even with his familiar face. Yet, now Belle was offering her sister passage on his ship?
Why?
He intended to find out, but Aaron was certain it had to do with the fact that Belle had recently found out her sister was betrothed to this man. However, he couldn't exactly question her about it when said sister was in the same room.
Horace cleared his throat, causing Belle and Brylee to hush their musings and Aaron to snap his eyes to the older man. Even Horace had said he had recognized the pirate's face from somewhere. It appeared those wanted posters alerted ordinary citizens that a pirate was on the loose, but when confronted with the pirate, couldn't quite recognize him. He was a notorious man, Aaron Donovan, and had been for the past fifteen years. He'd gotten into some scuffles (including a few with Commack himself), and even when he was caught, managed to escape. He was kind, soft-spoken, and very well-mannered, even to those he was robbing. The Robin Hood of the Seven Seas had acquired many admirers and supporters, especially from the lower class. Maybe he was more recognizable among them than the upper class. He could believe it. The upper class didn't want to see him. Which was all right by him. Easier to escape and all.
Nancy strode over gracefully to stand next to her husband, and offered her two daughters a warm smile. "Well, my Belle, it would seem you have presented your sister with a peculiar opportunity," she said in her normal, soft-spoken voice. "Brylee, might we have a word with you in the study to discuss this matter further? I hope you can excuse us…?" She directed the last question at her older daughter and her husband, who both gave agreeable nods.
When they were left alone, Aaron turned to regard Belle with a long stare, his lips pursed as he began to think about what to say next. "Listen," he finally began, as Belle shifted her eyes in order to lock them onto Aaron's own. "I realize that I have promised you safe passage to the next port for pretending to be my wife, but I had no idea you intended to ask your sister to come along."
"Yes, well," Belle said in reply, and though her voice was relatively light, her eyes narrowed slightly, "I had no idea my sister was engaged to Commodore Commack until only a couple of hours ago."
Aaron tilted his head to the side, furrowing his brow. "You must really have something against the good commodore," Aaron pointed out, his voice in a low murmur. "What, exactly, did he do to you to spark such fury Miss Rochester?"
"You should know better, Captain," she said, making sure none of the nosy servants overheard, but inflecting a sharp warning tone in her voice. "I still have the key, and it is futile to try to pry it open with magic words or bare hands. Though I must say, I had no idea you wanted to so much."
"Everything is treasure to somebody," Aaron told her, his eyes sparkling a bit as he regarded the woman in front of him.
"Yes, well my treasure will never be yours," Belle told him before clenching her jaw in order to keep her voice down before suddenly looking away. Her eyes stopped at the door her parents and her sister were behind, and hoped that they would allow Brylee to come with her. Aaron watched her and wondered what it was she was thinking. It was an odd request – two females going traveling together.  However, Belle seemed to know about survival and she could always teach Brylee how to defend herself. She had managed to survive after so many years, after all. 
"He must have done something abnormally heinous to make you hate him so," Aaron pushed, though he was sure she wasn't going to say anything to him. He merely wanted to see how far he could go in hopes that that might tell him what the commodore had done.
"Don't," she snapped, and though her eyes had turned a fiery emerald, her voice was more desperate than she would have liked. "Just don't. Take any and all of your assumptions concerning Dustin Commack and me and keep them to yourself. I do not want to hear them. I do not wish to know what you think."
Aaron nodded in agreement, though he kept his lips closed. Instead he chose to study Belle as best as he could without saying anything. Yet he couldn't quite gather what she had been through many years ago. He remembered her whole body tensed whenever he came in contact with her, and realized that might have something to do with Commack. 
What was it? What had he done?
"I am a pirate, you know," he said suddenly, turning his body in her direction so now he was facing her profile. "We aren't married, Belle. How do you think Brylee is going to take that? I do not really even know the woman, and yet she comes off to me as someone who wouldn't be particularly overjoyed to find out she was now traveling with a wanted pirate."
"I will be sure to inform Brylee of who you really are once we are on the ship and it has pulled away from the docks," Belle told him tersely, glancing at him from the corner of her eyes before glancing back at the door.
Aaron grinned at that. Belle could be very sneaky when she wanted to; he would have to watch out for that. "You know, with your thinking, you could easily turn pirate," he told her, and his smile deepened when he saw her cheeks turn pink due to his words.
"Yes, well speaking of pirates," Belle said, trying to shake the odd, smooth feeling that had caused the hair on her skin to erect. "I wish to remind you that I just helped you rob my parents blind. I think you can do this one favor for me, wouldn't you say so?"
Aaron thought for a moment, before nodding his head once. "Of course," he agreed. "I will take you and your sister to the next port. Just make sure that when she finds out who I really am, she doesn't come at me with anything sharp when I am sleeping." Aaron could swear he heard Belle giggle, though she refused to acknowledge his comment with one of hers or even look at him.
No matter. He had done what he had wanted – make her smile.
At that moment, the door suddenly pushed open and out stepped Brylee, Nancy, and Horace. Nancy's eyes were a very slight pink, and though she was trying to refrain, Aaron could easily tell that the woman had been crying. This could either be a good thing or a bad thing. He watched as Belle then looked at her father, who was supposedly notorious for his inability to successfully mask his emotions. Now, however, he had an enigmatic expression on his face, revealing absolutely nothing. Belle frowned at this before locking eyes with Brylee.
"I get to come!" the younger woman exclaimed with such excitement that Belle was surprised she had held it back. "I get to go!"
Belle started laughing happily, and she rushed over to her sister and enveloped Brylee into a tight hug. Aaron smiled at the sight. He would never admit it aloud, but seeing Belle genuinely happy was worth his agreement.
Inwardly he groaned, hoping he wasn't going soft. Too soft, at least.

Chapter XX
The goodbye between the family was short but very sweet. Aaron watched with a nostalgic smile off to the side, not wishing to intrude on such a tender moment. He had a close-knit family much like this one – a mother who loved him blindly and a father who was strong, though his love shone through those dark eyes he had passed along to his son. Sure, they weren't exactly as rich as the Rochesters, but above all, they were happy, and that's what had mattered. Aaron was an only child, and as a result, he was spoiled as much as possible for a family living on a small portion of money. They even managed to acquire the money to get Aaron an education in hopes their son could rise above the poverty that had stricken them.
They were the reason he went into piracy in the first place. He loved his family, but Aaron wasn't as daft as people assumed because of his low-class upbringing. The man was sharper than most men of wealth, and at eighteen, he left home promising to return with a large portion of it. His parents thought he managed to get an esteemed job working with the Navy, but Aaron knew better. The only way to get rich quick was to take it. However, Aaron didn't just take it from anyone; he only stole from those that were ridiculously well-off and couldn't appreciate what they had. Once the currency was successfully collected, he offered a small portion of it to his crew before giving it to those more in need than they were. It took a couple of years, but soon, Aaron began joining the ranks of other notable pirates – not because he gave no quarter or had excellent fighting skills; it was because what he stole, he immediately dispersed to the poor, he never killed unless his life was threatened and even then, he would try talking his way out of it rather than inflicting bodily harm, and because he spoke beautifully for someone deemed an uneducated pirate. Aaron transformed himself into the Robin Hood of the Seven Seas, and instead of fear, people admired him.
When he returned to New Providence, the island he was born and raised, in order to give his parents what he had accumulated with them in mind, he found out that they had died. Apparently, Aaron's father was quite sick, but managed to hide his failing condition from his son. His mother passed on not long after that.
How he missed his beloved parents. But he knew they were in a better place, somewhere at least. Aaron wasn't exactly a religious man, but he did believe in the afterlife. Where that was, he couldn't say. But it was somewhere, and even though he transpired in many wicked activities, he hoped to one day reach that place.
Brylee had one of the butlers help her with her luggage as she began to head out the door. Belle raised an eyebrow, wondering if Brylee had ever been on a ship before. Fancy clothes weren't exactly necessary to successfully live on such a vessel. She looked over at Aaron who had the same expression on his face as he glanced at the youngest Rochester. She pushed her lips together, hiding an amused smile before kissing her mother and father one last time.
When the goodbyes were over, Belle slipped her arm through Aaron's, and the couple led Brylee out the door. Though the Rochesters wanted to walk their daughters to the door, there were pressing matters at hand for them, considering the fact that Belle was well and married. However, nobody seemed to mind, and the trio exited the mansion.
"Are you going to miss it?" Brylee asked Belle once the large doors were shut promptly behind them. "Returning so suddenly, and leaving just as soon?"
Belle glanced out at the sinking sun, causing the sky to burst with pastel-like colors. "I do not think so," she answered honestly. "I am quite content with my current life and it gives me great pleasure to know that I am still welcomed home."
"Excuse me," a crisp voice interrupted. The three turned their heads in the direction of said voice and found Dustin Commack standing there with a rather impatient look on his face, as though he had been waiting for their presence for quite some time. "If you do not mind, I wish to speak to Miss Belle before you leave. I realize you are about to set sail, but I promise I will be quick."
"Actually," Aaron said, his eyes betraying his distaste for the man in front of him as he tightened his grip on Belle's arm. "We really should get going."
Belle, then, did something quite surprising. She turned and stood on her toes in order to whisper something to Aaron. "I will be alright," she promised him before slipping her arm out of the pirate's grasp, and turning to face Dustin, before nodding cryptically. "I shall not be long."
Dustin nodded and he led the Belle away from her husband and her sister in order to speak more privately.
"I must commend you on your choice of a husband, Miss Rochester," Dustin said with biting dryness, and though he smiled, no humor showed in his golden eyes.
"It's actually Mrs. Donald," Belle corrected, trying to keep her temper. Out of all the people she knew, it was Dustin Commack who could make her lose her patience within a blink of an eye.
"Right, right," Dustin said in a voice that sounded as though he was playing along. "As I was saying, however, I must commend you on your choice of a husband. His face is quite familiar. Would you like to know why?" The question was most likely rhetorical because he did not wait for Belle to answer it. "Your husband looks remarkably like Captain Aaron Donovan, the notorious pirate wanted on numerous counts for stealing, murdering, and the like."
"I actually did not notice that," Belle said, placing her hand over her chest. "Actually, what I was looking for when it came to physical appearance in a husband was a man who looked nothing like you. And my Jonathon pulls that off so flawlessly. He looks handsome, fit, alluring – not like you whatsoever."
Dustin clenched his hands into fists as his side as he grinded his jaw together in a last-ditch effort to maintain his temper. Nothing really got to him, but Belle had such a way with words that it was hard not to be affected with what she was saying. However, he managed to force his lips into a snake-like smile, and regarded Belle with his now-bronzed eyes.
"I would also like to commend you on finding a husband despite the fact that you had no virtue to offer him," he said in a cold voice. Now amusement lit his facial features, clearly happy at his choice of words.
Belle felt her green eyes narrow in Dustin's direction. "Yes, well, it is a good thing I am taking Brylee away from you, isn't it?" she asked him. "You will not get anything from her. You will not even see her again!"
A loud thwack echoed in Belle's ears and a searing pain erupted into her left cheek. Belle let a cry of pain slip past her lips due to the hard smack Dustin had just given her. He never could control his temper around her.
"Listen and listen well," Dustin told her slowly, leaning forward so he was centimeters from her face. "I have this feeling that you and your husband are more than what you presented tonight at supper. If I find out that the man you are with is indeed Aaron Donovan, I will see to it personally that you, in turn, become wanted by mere affiliation with him."
Belle gripped her cheek, glaring at him, but refrained from saying anything. Without another word, she turned and headed down towards the waiting carriage. When she saw that Aaron had been watching the two, his brown eyes hard yet filled with concern, she immediately dropped her hand from her cheek.
"Is everything all right?" he asked her gently as she came closer into view.
It didn't appear as though he had seen Dustin slap her, though he had to have known something was amiss. The man was very intuitive.
"Yes," Belle said, though her voice was a tad bit sharper than she would have originally liked it to be. "Yes, I am fine. I just would really like to leave now. Please."
---
Aaron nodded his head a couple of times, and then offered his hand to help her in the carriage. His studious eyes sought out her face, hoping for something to reveal what had happened since he could tell she wasn't really all right. It was then that he noticed her left cheek housed red splotches before Belle quickly disappeared inside the carriage. For whatever reason, Aaron felt his blood rage at the thought of Dustin so easily slapping her across the face. However, he couldn't help a dark smile from touching his lips.
She must have said something really offensive to get such a reaction from the man.
With that, he climbed into the carriage and took a seat next to Belle. Soon, they would be back on the ship, back on the sea, and for a portion of time, safe.

Chapter XXI
Aaron couldn't help but stare at Belle from the corner of his chocolate brown eyes as the three rode in the carriage to the docks in silence. She wasn't telling him something, something important. He wasn't sure how he knew this; his acquaintance with Belle had only been for four or five days, but even though she was quite skillful at keeping her emotions hidden beneath the surface, he felt as though he could read her facial inflections, her subtle gestures, but more so than everything else, he could read her eyes as though they were pages in a book.
When they arrived at the docks, Aaron, Belle, and Brylee departed just as easily as the married couple had arrived. The dock master gave them no trouble, and even wished them a safe journey, wherever that may be. Aaron rowed the women to their waiting ship before helping them climb the rope ladder and swing themselves over the side of the ship.
"Is this really necessary?" Brylee asked, furrowing her brow as she struggled to hold herself up. "You're a merchant, yes? Why is your ship a good way from the docks and not docked there?"
Belle refrained from smiling in amusement as she easily swung her leg over the banister and looked down at her sister. Maybe it was because she had experienced this sort of torture (by herself, no less!), that it didn't bother her as much the second time around.
"Jonathon can be very eccentric," Belle said, her tone coy as she waited for her sister to make her way up the ladder. Aaron walked over to Belle and leaned his forearm on the surface of the banister, an amused smile touching his features as he watched the young Rochester try to climb the rope ladder.
"I figure," Aaron murmured, "that I am a man and I can do things myself. Why must I hire help when I can do things by myself?"
"And I happened to agree with his outlook on life," Belle said, before reaching down and offering Brylee her hand.
"Well," Brylee said, taking Belle's hand and grunting as her sister helped her up. "You always were an eccentric, weren't you? Two eccentrics go well together, do they not?"
Before Belle could answer, Rick made his way across the deck, tilting his head slightly to the side when his blue eyes caught sight of Brylee. Belle watched him with amusement as he carefully took her sister in, outlining her body with his eyes, staring transfixed with how she brushed her hands off and then wiped them down on her dress, as though wrinkles were consuming the fabric when there weren't any.  This was what love at first sight must look like, she gathered.
---
"Ah," Aaron said, noticing his best friend and first mate. "There he is." Though he said this under his breath, Belle heard him and removed her eyes from Rick to look at her sister.
Rick waved almost awkwardly, suddenly uncomfortable with three sets of eyes looking at him (especially those calculating blue ones), and thought for a moment if he should busy himself with some menial task instead of deal with their stares. However, Aaron made Rick's mind up for the man by beckoning him over with a curt nod. Rick had no choice but to introduce himself and hope he didn't sound like a fool.
"Ehm, hello," Rick said, unable to look Brylee in the eyes after he made his way over to the three.
"Now he's all shy, hmm?" Aaron asked with a teasing grin on his face, nudging Belle as though the two shared some secret the other two couldn't comprehend. Belle, too, was smiling, but her smile was much more enigmatic than Aaron's. "Brylee, this is my first mate, Rick Fraser. Rick, this is Belle's younger sister, Brylee. She will be joining us on some of our… adventures, I guess you would call them."
"Brylee?" Rick said, feeling the way her name touched his lips. He decided that he liked it; he liked saying her name. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
"Uh, yes," Brylee said, taking in the sight of the new face. She gave him her hand, and Rick took it, furrowing his brow for a moment before he shook it quite dramatically. He wasn't sure what else to do. When he released her, Brylee forced a smile before shooting her sister an odd look. "The pleasure is all mine," she promised in a soft voice before slipping her hand out of his.
"Rick," Aaron said, turning to his first mate. "Since Brylee will be staying with us, I think it would do her good to get familiar with the layout of our merchant ship, don't you think?" He didn't wait for Rick to respond. "It would be of great service to me, and I'm sure to Brylee as well if you could show her around our proud vessel while I have a private word with my wife."
"Right, right," Rick said though he was unsure just what Aaron was insinuating. He knew his captain and Belle were pretending to be married, that Aaron was supposed to be a merchant, but if he was still speaking such nonsense then that meant... Oh. So this Brylee didn't know what they really did. "Of course." He looked over at Brylee and found her staring oddly at him, as though she was trying to figure him out. "May I show you around, miss?" he asked as politely as he could.
"Of course," Brylee said. She threw one last look over her shoulder at her sister, confusion at the oddity of this man she had just met, before allowing Rick to lead her around.
---
"You wished to speak to me?" Belle asked her, arching her right brow up. Aaron subconsciously frowned at that gesture; he was certain he would always have some sort of annoyance when it came to that particular look. "Whatever about?"
"Are you all right?' he asked her in a low voice, his sharp eyes studying her, trying to gauge her reactions like he had been so apt to do in the recent past.
"Yes," Belle said after a moment, and then she pressed both brows together, as though she was confused in some way. "Why? Do I not look allright?"
"Did anyone ever tell you just how frustrating one of your looks can be?" Aaron asked in a dry tone, giving her a look.
"You're very droll, you know," Belle quipped, rolling her eyes.
"Droll I may be," Aaron agreed, "but I know that something happened between you and Commack during your discussion. It would please me immensely to know what transpired between the two of you."
"Well," the young woman muttered, "if it pleases you…"
Aaron gave her another look. "Actually it would," he told her, "and I am serious. This may baffle you, but I do worry about you, you know. Though we haven't known each other for a long time, I find that…" He let his voice trail off. "Well, I find that I can't get rid of you. And yet, I find that I do not want to, at least not yet."
"We talked about you actually," Belle replied in a soft murmur. She tried to ignore the effect his words currently had on her, and instead, focused on the words coming out of her mouth. "He mentioned how you resembled Aaron Donovan, the pirate, and commended me on my marriage." She made sure to leave out what he had said about her virtue. "I told him that I was taking Brylee away from him, and that hopefully, he would never marry her."
"Was that when he slapped you?" Aaron asked in a rough whisper, clearly displeased at the thought that that man would lay a hand on her. His question clearly surprised Belle by the soft ‘o’ her perfectly shaped mouth formed. "And do not lie to me," he told her quickly. "I see your cheek. I saw how red it was while we were still on Port Royal. It does not take a mathematician to put two and two together."
"Commodore Commack and I…" Belle tried to explain, pushing her brows together once again as she regarded the wooden floor beneath her. "We have never gotten along. Maybe I should have watched my tongue, but he is the type of person that brings out the worst in me." She paused for a moment before looking at Aaron in the eyes. "Running away was the best thing I ever chose to do."
"It would seem so," Aaron agreed quietly. He still hadn't found out why Belle had chosen to run away, but if Commack could so easily slap her, he was sure the reason was valid and justified.

Chapter XXII
"Belle!" a sharp voice called from across the ship as soon as the vessel started to move away from the docks of Port Royal.
Belle and Aaron stopped their discussion to glance at each other. The young woman had a light blush across her face as she turned and watched as her sister approached her with her jaw set and a determined glint in her crystal blue eyes. Aaron raised his brow in curiosity as his lips curled up in amusement, and he crossed his arms over his chest. Belle watched Aaron’s eyes as they locked onto Rick following Brylee with a worried look etched out onto Rick's chiseled face as he regarded the young, perturbed woman in front of him warily. Aaron cocked his head to the side as his grin deepened.
"Uh, yes?" Belle asked, noticing Rick as well. However, she was not as intent to see how this particular scene would unfold as Aaron was. In fact, if he could give a description to her face, it was almost wary. Whenever Brylee was shrill, it was just cause for the recipients to prepare themselves with such an emotion. She glanced over at the tall pirate next to her and all but scowled as she took in his eager reaction. Of course he would look so excited; he was not yet on the receiving in of one of Brylee's lectures.
"Are you aware of what is really happening on this particular ship, hmm?" Brylee asked, raising her brow. Her voice was not as shrill as Belle had originally expected, but the volume in it was slightly increased for the close proximity between the two women.
"I'm not exactly sure what you are implying, sister," Belle said, completely unaware what may have happened. However, when she saw the look on Rick's face as he stood behind Brylee, Belle had a slight suspicion that whatever the reason Brylee was upset was probably due to something Rick did or said.
"So you are not aware," Brylee said, shifting her weight as she narrowed her eyes at her older sister, "that we are currently on a pirate ship?" She spat the word with distasteful evidence. Her head snapped in Aaron's direction, and she thrust an accusing finger at the man. "You!" she exclaimed, before turning towards Belle once more again. "Are you aware that your husband is not Jonathon Donald, wealthy merchant, as he would have you believe? In fact, he is Aaron Donovan, which is probably why Commodore Commack deemed his face recognizable. Are you aware of this, Belle?"
"I am not married to a pirate, Brylee," Belle murmured.
"Yes you are!" Brylee exclaimed and then turned her fiery gaze on Aaron. Though Brylee seemed to believe he really was the notorious outlaw, she did not seem to be afraid of him and what he would do to her now that she had called him out on who he really was. "Admit it, sir, that you are a fraud. You ensnared my sister into matrimony without revealing who you really are! She probably was blinded by your good looks and breeding prospects and couldn't see you for what you really are! A no-good, lousy, dirty, stealing, murderous pirate."
Belle snapped her head in Aaron's direction, trying to read his face well enough to gauge his reaction at Brylee's impassioned speech, but much to Belle's surprise, he was smiling. As though this whole thing was funny to him. Completely amused on her behalf, smiling as though he didn't have one care in the entire world. Not worried in the slightest that somehow, Rick gave them away and they were still in distance to Port Royal if Brylee wanted to be returned.
"I digress," Aaron said, dropping his arms from hugging his chest and shrugging his shoulders slightly as he regarded both women almost lazily, "I am not Jonathon Donald but this notorious pirate captain Aaron Donovan."
"See?" Brylee said, and Belle was sure that if Brylee wasn't restraining herself, she would be jumping up and down. Her face was turning red, however, and her blue eyes were crystallizing. "See what I told you? There's still time, Belle! He could release us right now, or if he won't we could… we could… We could jump overboard and swim back to shore. I know how to swim you know." She glared at Aaron once again. "And don't think we won't!"
"To be honest, I would be quite amused if you did," Aaron told her, a teasing glint in his dark eyes.
"Listen Brylee," Belle said, grabbing her sister's attention once again. "It is imperative that you listen to what I have to say, and you listen well. When I told you I was not married to a pirate, it was a true statement because I am, in fact, not married to this man. I know who he really is."
"Then how could you allow him into our home?" Brylee asked, trying to read her sister's murky green eyes. She was clearly appalled at such a notion. "Who knows what he and his pirates did – no doubt accumulate as much wealth as he could. How could you do this to your family? How could you affiliate yourself with him? I always knew your affection for the man when you were younger, but I never thought you would sink so low as to befriend the man.
"What, exactly, have you been doing with him, Belle?" she continued, completely oblivious to the pursed frown her sister was giving her. "No doubt he's made you give him something of value to join his crew of miscreants. Have you – Have you been intimate with the man Belle? Are you his –"
"If you utter the word I know is at the tip of your tongue, I will slap you," Belle warned her sister, her voice dangerously low. Her eyes hardened as she regarded her sister, telling the younger woman to heed her warning because her threat would ring true if Brylee did not. "Now I am not sure you are aware of this, but I just saved you from a deplorable marriage." Belle's voice might have been low, but it was sharp and cutting. "Aaron may be a pirate, but he just gave you what little freedom you did have back, and then some."
Brylee glanced over at the pirate they were referring to and raised a doubtful brow. Aaron looked at her blankly, and gave her a noncommittal shrug. He didn't care all that much about what Brylee thought about him, but he was interested in what Belle was saying. He hoped that maybe she would give away why she hated the good commodore, so his sharp ears listened for not only what she was saying, but how she was saying it.
"You now have the freedom to fall in love with your Prince Charming, whoever that may be, Brylee," Belle continued. While her voice was still low, it wasn't as biting as it once had been. If anything, Belle just wanted Brylee to see what she was capable of doing now.
"What are you not telling me, Belle?" Brylee asked, her voice soft, imploring, and maybe even slightly hopeful. "What do you know about Commodore Commack that you are not telling me?"
Belle felt her stomach clench together. Instead of answering, she glanced over the side of the ship and look over at the sea. After a moment, she looked back at her sister almost sadly, letting a sigh slip past her nose. "I need you to trust me on this, Brylee," she told her sister. With one last look, she turned and headed back into her room.
Brylee watched her walk away, a confused look etched out onto her face.
"Don't worry about it, darling," Aaron told her, his eyes following Belle as well. "She has yet to actually tell me why she hates Commodore Commack as well. But one day, hopefully, it will come. Sooner or later."

Chapter XXIII
Though both Aaron and Brylee had yet to actually garner some sort of answer from Belle concerning Commodore Commack, they decided to relent their questioning, something Belle was silently grateful for. She was getting hungry by the time supper rolled around and decided to join the rest of the crew for food. At least she wasn't cooking; there was a reason she had never done such a thing at the Bloody Mistake. Norman knew where her talents had lie, and it wasn't in the kitchen.
"I must say," Belle said after a few moments of sitting down in the dining hall of the ship on the crowded wooden bench, "I am quite surprised that you are actually joining us for supper, Brylee."
The corner of Aaron's lips twitched up as he glanced over at Brylee from where he was sitting at the head of the table. He had yet to actually get served food. Apparently, his role as captain dictated that he wait until each member of his crew had been served until receiving a plate for himself. The man wanted to make sure his loyal crew was fed before he was.
Brylee glanced up at her sister from across the table through her dark eyelashes and gave Belle a sneer. "I asked Captain Donovan if I could take my supper in our room, but he refused for some reason," she said, shooting an icy glare in the pirate's direction before playing with the food on her plate, as though she was unsure if it was even edible.
"We all eat together," Aaron explained shortly before the cook, Slimey, finally placed a tray of food in front of the man. Aaron grinned, reveling in the delicious scent coming from the food before grabbing his fork and digging in.
Brylee raised a brow, seemingly surprised that Aaron actually used utensils and wasn't as boorish when it came to eating as she had originally thought. When she looked at Belle, she found that her sister was actually enjoying the food, before glancing down at her own food. Even from beside her, Rick was eating his plate, though he seemed to be a tad bit messier than Aaron was. Well, here goes nothing, as they say. Brylee had prepared herself so greatly that the food would not be to her liking that when she placed the bite into her mouth, she couldn't necessarily taste it. It took another bite before she realized that what she was served was much better than it looked, and her lips curved up in a slight smile. She didn't realize it until right then just how hungry she was.
It was silent for the next fifteen to twenty minutes as people ate and drank. Soon, however, a low murmur began to fill in the quietness as the crew began to socialize. Belle watched the people surrounding her, and she found that she enjoyed their company. Her time spent on this ship wasn't long, per se, but she was slowly starting to get to know everybody, and from what she saw, they seemed to like her in return.
"So," Brylee said, setting down her fork so it clattered against her plate and narrowing her eyes in Aaron's direction, "I have been meaning to ask because I am quite curious to know; why would anyone in their right minds choose to become a pirate? I cannot, for the life of me, find a reasonable explanation for the lifestyle."
Belle shot her sister a look at the rudeness of the question, but Brylee paid her no mind. She cast a quick glance over at the pirate addressed, and found that he was looking at Brylee rather studiously, as though he was trying to word what he wanted to say as perfectly as he could.
"Because it is freest life I have ever known," he finally said, looking at Brylee with those dark eyes of his. He paused for a moment, studying Brylee, and finding that she still didn't seem to comprehend, or more bluntly, didn't care. "It's something that you cannot possibly understand, Brylee, because even though you believe yourself to be free, in reality, you are not." He glanced over at Belle and found her to be watching him intently, giving Aaron an idea of sorts. "Take your sister here," he continued, gesturing at Belle with his hand as he regarded Brylee once again. "Would you like to know how we became acquainted with each other? She was working at one of the scrags I frequent whenever I am in Tortuga as bar wench –"
"Barmaid," Belle corrected automatically before realizing what she had said. When she felt Aaron's amused eyes on her once again, she felt her cheeks glisten pink and immediately looked away, her eyes focusing on the surface of the table.
"Barmaid," Aaron agreed, nodding a couple of times as his smile deepened, seeing her blush on those high cheeks of hers. "Of course. Did you know that she associates with pirates, drunkards, whores, thieves, and the like while working there? She nearly got killed once because she has a mouth that knows exactly what it is to upset someone the most."
"Exactly my point," Brylee said, but this time, her blue eyes were cast upon Belle rather than Aaron. "Why would you want to be associated with people like that? You nearly died, Belle? I wish that could surprise me, but after hearing of where you have been these past eight years, it truly does not."
"Brylee, I am surprised at you," Belle said, her tone taking on one that resembled scolding. "You should know better than to judge someone without knowing them. You have no idea who I affiliate with, only the types of people that society labels them as. Out of everybody I know, I would expect you to at least be curious as to who they are. They took me in after I ran away; they did not need any sort of explanation. They gave me a job, and I made friends. I have never had more fun than being associated with them."
Brylee’s blue eyes went wide, and her mouth dropped so it hung open in a very unladylike fashion. At the moment, however, she didn't seem to care. All she seemed to be interested in was what Belle had just told her, trying to wrap her mind around such a concept. 
"I'm sorry," Brylee murmured, blinking a couple of times before focusing her gaze back on Belle. "Did you just say that you actually enjoy socializing with these people?" She threw her arm out, gesturing at half of the crew that was still there. "These pirates?" She stood up, shaking her head. "I cannot, in my mind, fathom what you are saying, Belle. I simply cannot, and I highly doubt that you can either." With that, she headed out the door and to her room.
Belle didn't think she had ever been more embarrassed in her entire being. She looked at Aaron, expecting him to be upset, angry, or at the very least, flustered, but he had an enigmatic expression on his chiseled face, still staring at the place where Brylee had vacated.
"I am sorry," she told the pirate captain in a soft voice, chancing a quick look up at him. "I did not think…"
"It is all right," Aaron told her, reassuring her as best as he possibly could. "I have come in contact with women like her before. What she needs to understand is the world is not black and white. Those that proclaim they are good in the eyes of society may not be as pure as they seem, while those that are deemed as criminals may not be as heartless as people assume them to be."
"I know that," Belle said, as a couple more members of the crew disappeared out the door, leaving Belle and Aaron alone.
"I know you do," the pirate captain murmured and gave her that smile that somehow caused her heart to stop for a portion of time without doing her any damage.
"May I ask you a question?" Belle asked after a moment, glancing down at her fingertips before finally looking Aaron in the eyes. Once she did, however, she realized that he had trapped her with his gaze. He said nothing in response to her question, but nodded his head to give her some sort of answer. "For someone who claims he is free, where do you plan to go?"
Aaron suddenly leaned forward, placing both palms of his hands on the surface of the table so his whole body frame was closer to Belle's. His hair fell into his face slightly, but that didn't prevent the shine coming from his smile to be tainted in any way. "Anywhere I want," he said in a voice just above a whisper. "Do you want to come along?"

Chapter XXIV
It was the next day, and Belle had changed into the clothes she had become used to over the past seven years. Currently, she was wearing on off-white tunic and black pantaloons that, despite her petite form, fit her quite well. In fact, the articles of clothing themselves looked somewhat brand new, a fact that did not slip by Belle's perceptive gaze. For a moment, she wondered how Aaron did it. The man had immaculate taste, and cleanliness was incredibly important to him, which, in turn, made it important to his crew. The captain was more lenient if specks of dirt occupied clothing during a journey, but once they were about to enact a "mission" - as the crew dubbed it - clothes had to be washed, dried, and pressed. In fact, Steinbeck, an older member of the crew, took care of all of that; keeping clothes clean and presentable was his job, and he actually seemed to enjoy it.
"You look like a man," a tired voice murmured flatly from behind the young woman.
Belle refrained from rolling her green eyes before turning around while simultaneously tying her thick hair up with a piece of elastic. "Yes, well," Belle began, "at least I am comfortable. You know that you will eventually have to wear clothes like these sooner or later, do you not?" She cocked her head slightly to the side for a moment, crossing her arms triumphantly over her chest.
"I will wear this dress until the material is torn from my body," Brylee said firmly, her blue eyes flashing dangerously as she regarded her sister. Brylee was sprawled out on the cot, currently lying flat on her stomach and looking at Belle over her pillow.
Instead of arguing, Belle tilted her head back and let out a contagious giggle. Brylee watched her sister for a moment, and though she tried to stop them, the corners of her lips curled up. It had been a long while since Brylee had seen her older sister laugh, and Belle always had such a laugh that one couldn't help but join in. Before she knew it, Brylee was laughing along with Belle, though she wasn't quite sure why she was laughing. Maybe it was the fact that even though she felt her life was falling apart – being stuck on a ship with wanted pirates – she had her sister back. And even though Brylee was an eligible woman due to wealth and status, she knew she would choose Belle over everything she had known, even if it meant socializing with said pirates.
Of course, that didn't mean Brylee would befriend the brutes.
"As you say, then," Belle agreed, clearly amused with her sister's stubborn attitude. If anything, Belle was quite proud how firmly Brylee could stand her ground. She pushed off the edge of her own cot and made for the door. "I am going out on deck now. Would you like to come?"
"In a moment," Brylee told the older woman.
Belle nodded and slipped outside. She walked over to the side of the ship and watched the blue, Caribbean water lap onto the ship, pushing the vessel in one way or another. Some of the waves actually caused spray to shoot up and decorate Belle's face with soft drips of water, which was quite refreshing, considering the sun was quite high in the sky.
"Hello darling," a voice said from beside her. Belle didn't have to look up to know that it was Donovan; she knew that low voice too well already. "And how was your sleep with the princess?"
Belle tried to hide her amused grin at the nickname Aaron had given her younger sister, but failed miserably.
"Very well, thank you," Belle said with a smile, turning her gaze back to the water.
"I want you and your sister to learn how to use a blade," he told her, his studious dark eyes going over the young woman's sharp profile. "If you are to accompany us on our many adventures and such, I want you and your sister to be familiar with a blade. I want you to be able to take care of yourself."
"Well, despite what you may believe, I am already familiar with one," Belle told him.
"Oh?" he asked, his eyes sparkling as the left side of his lips curled up.
"Yes," she replied. "I learned as quickly as I could when I arrived on Tortuga. From Stephen, no less."
"Forgive me if I don't exactly trust Stephen with properly instructing you around a blade," Donovan murmured, obvious distaste for the man evident in his dry tone. "Here, but I do trust you, so why don't you have a go with Rick while I watch you, hmm?"
Belle rolled her eyes, but agreed none the less. The pirate captain grinned and handed her his cutlass before disappearing to go fetch Rick. It was at that moment that Brylee decided to make her debut for the day, and she arched a brow when her blue eyes came in contact with her sister who was currently holding a sword.
"What are you doing, Belle?" Brylee asked, as she noticed Donovan and Rick make their way over from the corner of her eye. "What, exactly, is going on?"
Belle said nothing resembling an answer as her eyes flitted over to her sister. Instead, she smiled enigmatically, and said, "Why don't you watch this, sister? You just might learn something."
Brylee wasn't exactly sure what Belle meant until Donovan stood next to her and Rick began to clash his blade against Belle's. Brylee let out a squeak of surprise, covering her face with her hands, but oddly enough, she couldn't look away. In fact, as the moment elongated, Brylee - and Donovan as well - realized just how talented her sister was. Something inside of her realized that she, too, wished to be accomplished with a blade. However, she immediately dismissed the idea, and said, "How is a man supposed to defend you if you can do it yourself?"
"All right, enough," Donovan announced, momentarily satisfied. Belle flashed him a triumphant grin, and though he didn't exactly want to admit that she was right, smiled in return.
"Well," Belle said breathlessly after shaking hands with her opponent. "I believe you cannot depend on a man for everything, Prince Charming or not."
"Prince Charming?" Rick asked in disbelief, though he found the whole notion quite humorous to say the least. He turned his cool blue eyes on Belle’s younger sister, wiping his sweaty brow with the back of his hand. "Tell me Brylee – I may call you Brylee, yes? – do you really believe in such a man?"
"Of course I believe in such a man," Brylee retorted, as though it was the most obvious answer in the entire world. She crossed her arms over her chest and cocked her head to the side as she thought about how to elaborate of the subject. "First of all, he has to be tall." Quickly, she shifted her eyes to look at Donovan for a moment. "But not overtly so. And he has to have excellent bone structure, and his eyes – it doesn't exactly matter what color they are, but they have to tell a story. And he has to be fit and take care of himself quite well."
"Then why would you ever want to marry Commodore Commack?" Belle asked before she could stop herself.
"If you were to remember it correctly," Brylee said, her tone rather biting, "I didn't actually choose to marry the man."
"You realize that everything you listed was a physical attribute, don't you?" the pirate captain asked, slowly arching a brow upwards. Brylee looked at him, though she wasn't quite sure what she should say. "What about who he is as a man, his character, how he treats you? Isn't that important – maybe even more important – as well?"
"It is assumed that he is the proper gentleman," Brylee stated, though her face was stained pink at having forgotten some important traits every Prince Charming should have.
"I think I could be a Prince Charming," Rick murmured, and though it was to himself, everybody could hear him. Donovan chuckled, Belle shot him a reassuring smile, while Brylee, herself, scoffed.
"Pirates could never be Prince Charming," she stated blandly.
"And why is that?" Donovan asked, his tone indicating that he was slightly offended at such a statement.
"Because you are pirates," Brylee said. Again, she believed such a characterization was obvious, but apparently not. She was speaking to pirates, after all.
"You know what, princess?" Rick asked, a challenge embedded in his voice. "It's time to garner some blisters on those soft hands of yours." Before Brylee could reply, he handed her his cutlass before grabbing Donovan's from Belle's hand, and all but dragging her away so he could teach her the linguistics of sword fighting with a cutlass.
Donovan turned his attention to the woman standing next to him, and though he didn't like his insatiable curiosity when it came to her, he felt as though he had to ask. "And what about you?" he murmured. "Do you believe in such a man as Prince Charming?"
"Surely if such a man does exist, then I do not plan to marry him," came Belle's witty remark, though she looked up at him as she spoke.
"Oh?" he asked as he leaned back against the side of his ship while crossing his arms over his chest.
"I am sure he would not be able to handle me," Belle murmured, offering him a small smile.
He was delighted at this, for whatever reason, and smiled back at her. "I agree," he said, nodding a couple of times. "A Prince Charming would not be able to handle you as a woman."

Chapter XXV
Belle was sitting idly on her cot in her room, thinking about all that had happened that day, when Brylee bustled in quite dramatically. A bemused smile touched Belle's lips as she watched her sister slam their door shut and begin to furiously pace up and down the small confinement. Whenever Brylee was in disarray about something, she would scrunch her nose, indicating that she was deep in thought, hoping to solve some sort of problem. She always told her older sister about it as well so Belle calmly waited as Brylee all but stomped up and down the wooden floor.
"I cannot believe this," she began to mutter under her breath as she pivoted around on the ball of her feet before continuing to pace. "I cannot believe this." She stopped so abruptly that Belle blinked a couple of times, double-checking to make sure that she saw right. Brylee's crystal blue eyes were on her sister now, narrowed in Belle's direction almost accusingly. "This is all your fault, you know."
"And what, may I ask, is my fault?" Belle drawled as a smile slowly etched out onto her lips. She didn't seem perturbed in the slightest at the accusation her sister threw at her.
"This!" Brylee exclaimed, throwing up her hands so her palms faced her sister.
Due to the limited light cascading in the room because of the sun's descent, Belle had to furrow her brow and tilt her head more in Brylee's direction. However, she still didn't see what Brylee was indicating. When Belle looked up with questioning murky green eyes, Brylee let out a growl before a 'humph' escaped from her lips and she started pacing once more.
"Calluses, Belle," she cried as though it was the end of the world that her hands were not as soft as they once were. "Calluses. I've never had calluses before, in my entire life. My hands have always been soft to hold, but now…" She threw her head down in a tilted angle, and Belle pressed her lips together, desperately trying not to laugh. Brylee had always been rather dramatic. "My muscles are sore – I have probably pulled something that cannot grow back, you know. And my beautiful hands." This time a sob escaped from her lips, though no tears poured out of her eyes. "I have enough calluses to scare off even the lowliest of suitors!"
Belle's amusement suddenly slipped from her face and she gave her sister a somewhat pointed look. "You have yet to scare of Rick," she pointed out in a calm voice.
Brylee balked at even the notion that she could even be remotely interested in catching that pirate's fancy. "That is because Rick Fraser is the furthest thing from Prince Charming I have ever encountered," she said, and then crossed her arms over her chest as though that would successfully end the conversation.
However, that was not the case, particularly because Belle felt offense at what Brylee had said concerning Rick. Rick had been kind to Belle since the two had met, and she considered him as one of her few friends. Just because Rick was a pirate did not mean that he wasn't worthy of pursuing Brylee or anyone for that matter.
"Prince Charming is a matter of perspective," Belle reminded her sister in a firm, unwavering voice. There was also a very soft inflection of warning in her tone as she raised her brows in order to emphasize her point.
"You want to know what I think?" Brylee asked, her voice quivering slightly as she regarded her sister. She had never felt so helpless in her entire life, especially since she was trapped on some boat.
"Do I have a choice?" Belle retorted, flickering her gaze at her sister and refraining greatly from rolling her eyes.
Brylee opened her mouth as though she was about to answer the obviously rhetorical question. However, she decided against it and shut it abruptly before scowling at her sister. "I think that you, dear sister, are developing feelings for a wanted man!" she exclaimed. Brylee had turned red at the mere thought that her sister could be something resembling sympathetic for a notorious outlaw. "I see the way you look at him with… with… goo-goo eyes!" She threw her hand out angrily, her face now completely red. If Brylee wasn't throwing around such accusations, Belle probably would have laughed at the sight.
Instead, she clenched her teeth together, and glanced out the window for a long moment before returning her frosty gaze at her sister. "That is completely untrue and irrelevant," she all but snapped. "Yes, I may respect the man and I can admit that I admire what he does for the lower class, but he is the most infuriating being that I have ever met in my entire life and as such, there is no way I could have any sort of romantic notion about him nor could I make goo-goo eyes, or whatever you call it, at him. I do not even know what goo-goo eyes are."
Brylee let the silence linger in the room much longer than Belle expected. She was studying her older sister quite intricately instead of yelling or arguing like she usually did when the two had some sort of disagreement. She might not have seen Belle in a while, but she knew when her older sister was keeping something from her, and right now, Belle was definitely keeping something from her.
"Just how much do you respect the man, Belle?" Brylee asked, her voice suddenly low and articulate.
Now it was Belle who opened her mouth to answer, but then slowly closed it and glanced out the window once again. Brylee's mouth dropped slightly – Belle was indeed hiding something from her, but as of yet, could not get it out of her sister.
"Belle?" Brylee pressed, her brow pushing up to an arch.
"Not that this is any of your business," Belle said hurriedly, making it a point to avoid any and all eye contact with her sister, "but I have agreed to help Captain Donovan with his next plan – escapade, if you will. To rob somebody wealthy and unappreciative of what they have, and disperse the findings to those more deserving…" She let her voice trail off before swallowing a bit.
With every word Belle said, Brylee's red face began to pale. When Belle finally finished her explanation, Brylee let a long, frustrated sigh slip out of her nose before closing her eyes slightly.
"How could you, Belle?" she said in the same soft tone, finally opening her eyes to regard her sister. "Do you realize what you have done to yourself? To your family? If you go through with this, you will be wanted for piracy. If the Navy catches you, they could kill you on sight or bring you back for a trial before you are hanged along with the rest of the dirty scum! How could you do this to yourself? To me?" Belle opened her mouth to respond to Brylee’s outburst, but before she could actually say something, Brylee continued her rant. "I just do not understand you anymore, Arabella! What happened to the young girl I knew who admired pirates but only from afar? What caused you to run away, to change so? What could Commodore Commack have done to change you so?"
"I am not changed, Brylee," Belle told her sister cryptically. "This is who I am."
"If that is so, the cause is still Commodore Commack," Brylee argued, though her blue eyes were pleading. "You would not have run away if it were not for him. You must tell me, Belle. Please. I am your sister."
"Which is exactly why I should not tell you," Belle said, her voice hitching slightly. She was getting nervous, Brylee could tell, which meant Brylee just might get Belle to open about her secret ordeal concerning Commack.
"Please," Brylee repeated. "Please. I will never understand otherwise, and please do not say that I do not need to understand because I do. I want to. Please, Belle."
Belle opened her mouth to refute Brylee once more, but something in Brylee's eyes cut her off, and she hesitated. Maybe she should tell Brylee… It would be hard, of course, but Brylee was right; her younger sister had every right to now.
"I will tell you if you swear to me secrecy, Brylee," she told her younger sister seriously. "And this is not some game, Brylee. When I say secrecy, I mean it."
"I swear," Brylee agreed, praying the obvious hope was not tainting her voice in any manner. "You have my word."
"When I was thirteen…" Belle let her voice trail off and tilted her head. That was not how she wanted to start. "The day I ran away…" No, not like that either. Hmm. "The reason I ran away was Commodore Commack," Belle tried once again, and this time, was satisfied with her beginning. "It was not because, as so many people have speculated, because we were engaged. It was far worse." Belle paused as her eyes began to burn. This would be the tricky part, but she needed more than anything to push through it and tell Brylee. "I was alone in my room because Papa had been called upon. Commack entered my room without supervision, and… and…" Belle clenched her jaw, noticing the quiver. She had to continue. Had to see this through. "He took from me what I can never get back." There. She had done it. And oddly enough, she felt as though the whole world fell off from its usual resting place on her shoulders.
Brylee's face upon hearing Belle's explanation was completely white, her blue eyes wide in horror, and her mouth slightly ajar. She didn't know what to make of this, didn't know what to say.
"You saved me," she suddenly murmured, her voice breathy and disbelieving.
Belle had saved her, she realized.
With that, she threw her arms around her sister, and for a time, the two sisters cried together.

Chapter XXVI
It was the next night, and currently, Aaron's whole crew surrounded the dining table in the galleys, huddled close together in order to look at a scrawl of the grounds they were about to rob. Since last night's confession, the two sisters had gotten closer, and Brylee even decided to attend the meeting to try and show support for her older sister. She didn't exactly agree with what they all were doing, but she felt obligated to help, especially since Aaron had agreed to allow her to stay aboard his ship. He didn't even know why Belle insisted upon it, and still he had agreed. He might have been a pirate, but he was rather decent. At least, that was Brylee's current conclusion on the entire situation. And she had kept Belle's secret as well. Yes, it had only been twenty-four hours, but Brylee was quite intent on proving to her sister that she was trustworthy, at least when it came to such a weighty subject matter.
"All right," Aaron began, cutting off Brylee's train of thought. Aaron was at the heart of the crew, his torso leaning over the table at a slight angle, his hands placed on either side of a map that took a good portion of the wooden table. Belle was on his left while Rick was on his right, both peering over his shoulder (in Belle's case, under his shoulder due to the difference in height between the two) in order to look at the map better. "Barnes, I want you and Knoble to take the guestroom here." He pointed his long fingers at a place marked on the map. "Simon, you and Red will take the other guestroom here, while Craig and James keep a sharp eye on the north section of the grounds.
"Rick, you and Brylee will be our means of distraction," Aaron announced, catching Brylee by surprise. Sure, she had come to this meeting, but not in order to participate. This must be some sort of mistake, but Aaron continued as though it was not. He glanced over at the young woman in question, currently by Belle's side, in order to catch her gaze. "By means of distraction, I mean that you and Rick will provide a necessary reason for us to be at the Branch Plantation."
"And just how do you expect we do that?" Brylee asked, trying to keep her disdain out of her voice.
"Much the same way your sister and I fooled your family," Aaron said with a lazy drawl and an arrogant smile. "You put on the façade of marriage, of course. The wealthy always find interest in young newlyweds, especially ones with beneficial prospects."
"Can Belle not reclaim her role?" Brylee asked. "Do you really need me? I may be content at present staying on a pirate ship, but I do not intend to become one."
"Darling, in essence, you already are one," Aaron told her bluntly, though his demeanor was careless. "Belle and I cannot pretend to be betrothed because our positions are on the second story of the building. I figure since you are quite the heiress, you would have no problem fitting into such a role."
"I am not sure whether or not I should be offended," Brylee muttered with obvious sarcasm, but it was noted she did not refuse. At least not yet.
Belle hid a smile, and soon, the men dispersed, ready to take their positions. Brylee was fitted into a dress as quickly as possible with Belle's assistance, and she met Rick at portside of the ship. It did not escape Belle's eyes the look of utter surprise that crossed her sister's face when she first looked at Rick. Another smile tried to crawl onto her face, and this time, she didn't try to suppress it.
"She looks shocked that Rick can actually clean up," a voice drawled from beside her, and Belle looked up only to find Aaron looking over at his first mate and his supposed wife.
The crew waited a good hour and a half after Rick and Brylee left before finally making their way towards the Branch Plantation. Belle felt her heart pound rapidly against her chest, and on numerous occasions, could swear she could hear it beating. However, that did not stop the obvious excitement from coursing through her bloodstream, nor could she bite back the smile from her face. 
Aaron glanced down at her, enjoying the way Belle looked currently. She wasn't wearing anything special; breeches, boots, and a fitted tunic occupied the appropriate parts of her anatomy. It was the look on her face that caused him to stare. She was excited at such a venture, and he couldn't help but be enthused at how contagious it was.
The plantation itself took up fifteen square acres of land, but it was the mansion that was the primary focus of the pirate crew. It was white, with blue shutters on every window, and every second-story room had a balcony. The crew slowly began to take their positions, and that included Belle. Aaron had assigned her to what he thought to be a child's room. Though Belle wanted to be more than just a maternal distraction, she made no argument especially since Aaron was so insistent. She glanced around and saw that some of the men began entering the mansion by climbing up different sections of the house and hoisting themselves over the balcony before disappearing into the rooms.
The nearest thing Belle could find that she could actually climb up with relative ease was a tree. In a manner of moments, Belle was standing on the balcony, her face flushed red with adrenaline. She tilted her head slightly to the side, allowing her eyes to get used to the darkness before taking a look in the room. There was a faint glow coming from where the bed was located, but from where she stood, Belle could not see anyone present in the room. Cautiously, Belle took a few steps until she reached the edge of the room. She took another quick look before deciding that it was safe for her to enter.
It was then that Belle noticed a girl of no more than five sitting at a desk she hadn't seen before. It looked as though the young girl was reading a book, the candle next her giving her the proper light to do so. Luckily for Belle, the window had been open so the girl had yet to notice Belle's presence. The older woman paused, not exactly what she should do in her situation. In all honesty, she believed the child Aaron had informed her about would be asleep.
It was then that the girl turned around and looked at Belle dead in the eyes, as though she could sense Belle's presence despite the silence that still rang true through the room. Oddly enough, she didn't look scared. Rather, she appeared to be interested, her curiosity piqued.
"Are you a pirate?" she asked in a barely audible voice, her arm clutching a teddy bear Belle hadn't noticed before.
"Yes," Belle said in a voice just above a whisper. "I am sorry to inform you that my presence here is not coincidental. The crew – my crew - … There are people out there who need stabilization, and since your family has so much of it…" She let her voice trail off, unsure how to explain morality to someone so young.
The girl didn't seem very interested in what was happening though. In fact, she didn't even seem scared. "Can I be a pirate?" she suddenly asked, tilting her head to the side.
Belle chuckled a bit before nodding. "Of course," she assured the girl. "You can be whatever you want."
This seemed to please the girl because the tips of her cheeks flushed and she smiled almost shyly.
---
Unbeknownst to the two of them, Aaron was watching the exchange between the two from the opened doorway with an amused smile etched out on his face. It was then that Belle spotted him. The way his eyes looked just then caused her cheeks to color and she looked away. She should have spotted the opened door, should have been more wary of her surroundings rather than let herself get distracted by some girl. However, what was done was done, and she couldn't do anything to change it. Instead, she knelt down and whispered something in the young girl's ear before standing upright and walking over to Aaron.
"What did you tell her?" he asked the young woman as he watched the girl crawl into her bed.
"I told her she should get to bed," Belle replied, glancing over her shoulder at the young girl as well. "And that when she woke up in the morning, it would be all over."
"You would make a good mother," Aaron stated, his eyes returning to look at Belle.
The statement caught Belle by surprise, and her flush only deepened. "Well," she said, trying not to notice the effect his words seemed to have on her. "Do you want any children?"
Aaron paused for a moment, pursing his lips a bit as his eyes found the ceiling, looking for answers there. "I understand that my life might end rather abruptly, entailing a swift but honorable death," he began finally, "but I do want one or two boys."
"I have always wanted four children," Belle admitted, though she wasn't quite sure what compelled her to reveal such a thing. Aaron openly gaped at the notion of having four children, causing Belle to get somewhat defensive. "What?" she asked. "I have never had a big family, and though I love my sister very much, I wouldn't have minded more siblings." Aaron opened his mouth, about to respond, but shut it. He had not yet digested what Belle had said. Belle was clearly offended by his disbelief, for she swept an errant strand of hair behind her ear and murmured, "Well, it is a good thing there is no way we would ever have children together." With that, she headed down the hallway, not exactly sure where she was going, but with every intent to temporarily distance herself from the pirate captain.
Aaron watched her walk off, still allowing Belle's words to enter his consciousness. "Apparently not," he agreed in a low mumble.

Chapter XXVII
The next two weeks seemed to fly by, at least in the case of both Belle and Brylee. The crew had collected a great deal of wealth from unsuspecting plantation owners and merchants who either didn't appreciate the good fortune they had or treated their employees and their slaves with disdain and even contempt. Belle and Aaron made quite a good team, whether it was their turn to pretend they were married and distract the couple, or if they were searching the house for any valuables. However, it was usually Rick and Brylee that was the distraction, only because Aaron's face became more and more recognizable.
Brylee continued to find the escapades quite annoying and even somewhat frightening. She did not want to be arrested for piracy. What would society think of her? What would her parents think of her? She would never find a suitable husband if such a thing was to happen. However, she always found a thrill when working with Rick, and though she would admit it to no one, not even Belle, she found that she looked forward to working with the man.
Rick was unlike any other man she had ever met. His heavy blue eyes contrasted with his chestnut colored hair, and his face was square-shaped and quite sharp. It was so defined that whenever Rick clenched his jaw, she could see it pop. Not that she noticed things like that about him, of course. She was just very perceptive, and the man did it so often, she couldn't help but notice it.
That was her story, anyways.
Because both women had formal education, Aaron had placed them in charge of counting the wealth they had since accumulated. Aaron and Rick knew how to write, read, and do math as well, but there were more pressing matters that called for their attention, such as captaining a ship and being a first-mate to a captain. Neither woman actually minded the prospect of tallying up the valuables; the sun had risen high in the sky and doing the job they were assigned called for them to go below deck, in a nice, cool, shaded room.
That was their position currently.
Belle would count a portion of the wealth before scrawling down a number. When she was finished, Brylee would count that same amount of wealth, write down the number she came up with, and checked to see if that was what Belle had gotten. If their numbers matched, they would set the pile aside, and continue on. If not, they would recount the money until they both came up with the same number. Yes, it was a tedious task, but it gave them something to focus on and they were out of the hot sun, so they didn't mind.
"May I ask you a question?" Brylee asked, her voice a tad hesitant, when the two sisters had sorted through at least half of the valuables.
"Of course," Belle agreed, though she did not take her eyes off of her task at hand, and her lips moved silently, as though she was counting.
"Have you ever been attracted to someone you know is absolutely and completely wrong for you, but you cannot seem to help it?" she continued, perking her brow slightly.
The question caused Belle to stop her counting altogether, and instead, focused all of her attention on her sister. She set down her writing utensil and cocked her head to the side slightly, waiting for Brylee to continue, only because it appeared she desperately wanted to explain herself.
"I ask because, for some reason," Brylee went on, her crystal blue eyes on the surface of the wooden table rather than her sister because she felt more comfortable talking to it rather than Belle. At least right now. "I seem to find myself drawn toward Mister Fraser, erm, Rick." This caused Belle's brow to rise up as high as it could possibly go, and the corners of her lips to twitch up. Brylee didn't seem to notice the mischievousness clearly written on her sister's face. "I feel like a moth drawn to a flame. I know that if I reach out and touch it, I will get burned, but even that threat does not deter me from my determination." Her shoulders suddenly slouched and she regarded Belle with utter hopelessness. "I have no idea what I am supposed to do, Belle."
"Well," Belle said, trying to figure out the correct words to say to reassure her sister while simultaneously showing her that it was okay for her to have such an attraction when it came to someone like Rick. Rick had always been a gentleman, and quite charming, especially when he smiled and that dimple would pop up in his cheek. She couldn't exactly say that, of course, because if she did, Brylee might be suspicious that Belle was attracted to him. Which she wasn't. "I believe that everyone should get burned once in a while." She shrugged nonchalantly. "It keeps life interesting, I think."
Brylee glanced over at Belle, a question edging toward the tip of her tongue. "Have you… ever gotten burned since you left Port Royal?" she asked cautiously, not wanting to offend her sister, but curious nevertheless.
"Oh, Heavens no," Belle said, her face contorting into one of disbelief at such a thought.  She shook her head. Light waves tumbled out of the elastic that was supposed to hold her hair away from her face, but Belle didn't seem to mind.
"May I ask you another question?" Brylee asked, and Belle nodded in return. "Right, well, I have been wondering a lot, especially since you have known about Captain Donovan since we were both young. Does he match up to your expectations of him? What I mean is, when Papa used to tell us stories about the man, and you had him pictured in your head, is he the same as your fantasy of him?"
The question threw Belle off, and for a long moment, she had to think about the correct answer. Was there even a correct answer in this one? She knew Brylee wanted honesty, but Belle hadn't really thought about something like this, so it took a while before she actually answered.
"Aaron Donovan is," she began but stopped short. What was he, exactly? What was he to her, anyways? "Aaron Donovan is probably the most aggravating man I have ever met. In all my fantasies of him, I had never expected him to get on my nerves the way he does. And he always, always, manages to say the exact thing that will upset me, like he knows the sort of reaction I will have to his words, but he says them anyway just to see that reaction!" Once Belle started, she couldn't seem to stop. "And he doesn't even act like a pirate! He has no trouble with general hygiene and he always shaves so his face is nice and smooth, and he always seems to smell nice. Plus, the clothes he wears are new every day, like he changes every day and they are always clean. Always! And he has no interest in whores. I was with him once and they were all clamoring to get his attention and he didn't pay any of them attention. At all. And he doesn't drink! At least he doesn't drink rum. I think he told me once he liked wine, but what pirate likes wine!" She had been waving her arms dramatically and her face had been getting quite red when she suddenly stops. "But the reason I abhor him the most?" she began, her voice suddenly quiet, serious. "Even with all of his quirks and his numerous flaws, he still somehow manages to crawl underneath my skin."
Belle suddenly sighed, catching her breath. She felt her face start to cool down, and for a long moment, neither sister spoke.
"You must swear you will not say anything, Brylee," Belle told her, and though her voice was relaxed, Brylee could clearly read the apprehension in them if she did tell Aaron all that her sister had said. "Please."
"As always," Brylee said, offering a friendly smile at her sister, "you have my word, Belle. I would never betray your secrets, and I hope that you know that."
Belle smiled in return, this one in relief. "I do," she assured Brylee. "Of course I do. I just get riled up thinking about… that man…"
Brylee smirked as she continued to regard her sister. "I think I must remind you, however, that it was you who told me that everyone should get burned once in a while," Brylee teased gentle, "because that was one way to keep life interesting."
Belle gave her sister a dry look. "Dear sister," she began. "Admitting such feelings for Aaron Donovan, if I ever choose to admit them aloud again, would be like setting my body on fire for an indefinite amount of time." At first, Belle was going to leave her statement as is when she suddenly realized how it sounded, and immediately recognized the look currently occupying Brylee's usually-innocent features. So she quickly added, "And not in the good way."

Chapter XXVIII
It was the next day, and loud knocking awoke the women from their slumber. Belle was in nothing but a light nightdress, so she grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around her body as she headed to answer the door. For a moment, she threw a look over her shoulder at her sister, and knew that while Brylee seemed asleep, her sister was really awake. Belle growled tiredly; she should have pretended that she was asleep so Brylee would have to get up and answer it. But no matter.
Belle opened the door slightly, in case it was someone she didn't know very well. Instead of some random member of the crew, familiar brown eyes engulfed her own, and she realized it was Aaron. She tried to fight off a blush currently threatening to litter her cheeks due to the fact that he would see her in some of her intimate dress, but it didn't quite work, and the tips of her cheeks turned pink. She cleared her throat and opened the door more, so they could speak properly.
However, something caught Belle's eyes. Aaron could not quite look her in the eye, and his head was tilted downward. The usually calm pirate continuously shifted his weight from one foot to another, while his hands rubbed together before interlocking and then dropping to his sides.
He was nervous. But why?
"Are you all right, Aaron?" she asked him in a soft tone.  It was the first time she used his Christian name.  It felt right on her tongue.
This question seemed to have been interesting, for it caused Brylee to raise her head and open her eyes so she could concentrate better on the conversation taking place in her room.
"Yes, yes absolutely, I am fine," Aaron said, running his long fingers through his dark hair. "Right. Well, I need to ask both you and your sister a favor. The Governor of New Providence is having a gala of sorts, a coming out debut for his eighteen year old daughter." He paused for a moment, rubbing his lips together before continuing. "Right, well the man is absolutely horrible. He makes vast amounts of money while keeping an assortment of slaves and allowing his staff to suffer in poverty."
"Um, excuse me," Brylee said, a blanket wrapped around her body as well as she stood next to her sister and looked at Aaron with a questioning look in her blue eyes. "But what does any of what you are saying have to do with me or my sister?"
"Since the two of you were both raised in an upper class home, I figured that the two of you may help teach Rick and me to dance," he replied. His eyes shifted back over to Belle. "If we are to resemble actual couples from such high prospects, we should know how to dance."
"All right," Belle said after a moment. "May we change first?"
"Of course," Aaron said, sending her a smile of relief. For a moment, Belle forgot to breathe because of it, and it wasn't until Brylee placed a hand on her sister's arm did Belle realize she was still standing motionless.
"Right," she managed to say. "We will be out there shortly."
"Thank you," he said as he placed his hands together, a gesture that went along with his words.
Once Belle closed the door, she turned and leaned her back against it.
"This is brilliant, Belle!" Brylee exclaimed in a hushed tone. Her blue eyes were filled with sparkles, and if it had been for any other reason, Belle would surely be swept up in Brylee's excitement. "Why do you have a frown on your face? This is the perfect excuse to get closer to Aaron Donovan without allowing him knowledge of your true feelings for him."
"Sometimes I do not understand you, Brylee," Belle said as she pushed herself off the door and slowly walked over to a chest that was filled with her clothes. "One day, you are complaining about how this entire ship is filled with pirates, and today, you're excited that you will be teaching the first mate of a pirate ship how to dance."
"I cannot plan where life will take me, Belle," Brylee pointed out, developing a wise tone to her voice. "And in a few moments, it will take me to the arms of a pirate."
"You do realize that mere days ago, you would have balked at such a notion?" Belle asked, the corners of her lips twitching up as she regarded her sister before refocusing her attention back on the clothes in the chest.
"And you would reveled in such an idea," Brylee pointed out before walking over to her own chest and sorting through her dresses before pulling out a comfortable blue one. "And besides, this whole notion with Rick… You know it just a mere infatuation, right? Nothing serious, of course."
"Of course," Belle said, rolling her eyes. "You know Brylee, if it is merely an infatuation because you believe society will welcome you back into their arms after all of this, then you are sorely mistaken. You are a pirate now, whether you like it or not."
"I am not complaining, Belle," Brylee snapped, her eyes staring at the clothes in her hand rather than at her sister. "But I feel that it is safer for me to believe my feelings for Rick are mere infatuation because the idea of marriage to a pirate would be a ridiculous notion, would it not? I cannot hope to ever engage in a marriage with him because he probably does not believe in it, or the prospect of a family."
"I am not certain that is true," Belle said, finally settling on black slacks and a sage green tunic. Her tone had grown softer when she realized what Brylee meant. "Donovan told me that he wanted two little boys. Of course, he never actually said that he wanted to get married, but even to pirates, family seems to be important."
"And how, exactly, did the two of you decide to speak of children?" Brylee asked, deviousness flashing in her crystal eyes.
"It was a couple of weeks ago," Belle said as a blush decided to make another cameo on her face. She started slipping off her nightgown and changing into the clothes she had picked out for herself. "There was a little girl in the manor we were looting. I do not know, exactly, how it came up, but it did, and that was that." She turned to face her sister as she tucked in her tunic. "Is that a problem?"
"No," Brylee said, hiding a smile as she lifted her own nightgown over her head. "No, there is no problem." When her dress was situated and both sisters were properly dressed, Brylee smiled. "Are you ready, then?"
"As ready as I'll ever be, I'm sure," Belle murmured under her breath, but Brylee heard her sister, and her lips arched up.
"May I make a suggestion?" Aaron asked once the two women had come out of their rooms and met up with both he and Rick in the middle of the vacant deck that made up much of the upper ship. Belle and Brylee nodded at him politely, but said nothing. "I believe that Brylee should teach Rick how to dance in order for the two of them to build some sort of rapport with each other. Like I intend to do with Belle. Our chemistry must be believable because this mission is incredibly important."
"Of course," Belle said, nodding once before shifting her eyes over to Brylee. "Is that all right with you, sister?"
"Of course," Brylee repeated, and she went to stand over next to Rick.
"Wait a minute," Belle said after a moment. "I am to attend? Are you certain? I do not think I have anything to wear."
Aaron smiled charmingly at her. "I have everything taken care of," he assured her. "Now, shall we start?"
It took a moment, but Belle managed to situate Aaron in the proper dancing position. There was a good distance between the two, maybe a foot, maybe a little less. Belle's left hand was placed firmly on Aaron's broad shoulder, while her other hand was holding onto Aaron's. Aaron's right hand was holding onto Belle's waist.
"You are to lead," Belle informed him. "The steps are quite simple once you get used to them. Here, let me show you."
In the next hour, Belle attempted to show Aaron the steps again and again. But for whatever reason, the pirate captain seemed distracted by something. He would either have his head down, watching their feet, or he would be stepping on her feet when he tried to look up or he would forget the steps altogether.
"Maybe I should just let you have at it by yourself for a while," Belle murmured once she disengaged from his body. She was quite sore, not only because of Aaron's missteps, but he was quite tall, so there was effort on her part to match up to him.
"No," he said, grabbing a hold of her wrist and gently pulling her close to him so that maybe one inch of air separated the couple. "No," he murmured again, dropping his voice. "I'll concentrate. I promise."
And he did. It would seem that this time, it was Belle that was distracted due to the sudden closeness between the two as they continued to dance.
She just hid it better.

Chapter XXIX
It wasn't long before the ship was docked and the crew dispersed into New Providence. It looked like a lively town, friendly to both honest and piratical people. The Royal Navy was hardly ever there to see if any pirates were hiding out because of the knowledge that New Providence resembled Tortuga, save for the fact that it was slightly bigger and it wasn't merely for pirates. Families were raised here, people held honest jobs here, and newlyweds sometimes chose to settle down here. It was where Aaron Donovan was born and raised, and the place where the corrupt governor resided. The man would take bribes from pirates, ensuring their safety as well as the governor's protection against any threats to their safety including the Navy. But the Navy would come in at times, paying the governor well for any tips concerning the whereabouts of certain pirates. He was a hypocrite and a traitor, a back-stabber and a fool.
Aaron was intent on robbing him of everything he had, including the score of slaves he had managed to accumulate with his dirty money.
It was just after dinner when a couple members of the crew came back with news from around town. The sun was high, guaranteeing a hot day and a warm night. They found Aaron and Belle and Rick and Brylee down in the galleys, just finishing up their food.
"What do you hear?" Aaron asked, cutting short his current conversation when he noticed Red and Diego's presence.
"Rumors, sir," Diego murmured. The man, one and twenty, maybe two and twenty, had always been intimidated by Aaron and didn't speak all that much when the captain addressed him. It didn't matter how friendly Aaron was being, Diego couldn't quite muster up enough courage to have a conversation with the man. Give him a sword and a threat, and he had no problem rushing into battle to defend everything he believed in. But a conversation with his captain? He wouldn't exactly prefer it…
"What Diego is tryin' to say," Red began, "is that people have been talkin' about our recent… jobs. Apparently, Commodore Commack is in on the hunt for you, more passionate on the matter than was thought. He thinks it was you who stole his betrothed all those years ago and then returned to do the same thing because you have some sort of personal vendetta against him."
Aaron couldn't help but roll his dark eyes. Though this was the first he heard of what the people were saying, it sounded much like the same old things. Commodore Commack always did have a flare for the dramatic, and he managed to draw in a willing audience, always ready to hear a particular outlaw's exploits. The particular outlaw everyone was interested in hearing about was Aaron Donovan. It had been this way for a while. But with the new whispered rumors that he had a new partner in crime – a woman – rumors about the man (and now nameless woman) spread like wildfire. She represented sexuality and sin, committing crimes with a known criminal and living with him on his ship without the pre-existence of a marriage between them. Were they lovers? That was what the rumors had been saying…
"Well, I do have a personal vendetta against him," Aaron said in response before shrugging his shoulders. "Oh well. We should not let rumors deter us from our goal tonight. Thank you, you two, for your good work. Now go get a proper ensemble on so it will be more difficult to spot your true intentions. We shall see you tonight then."
When the two men had disappeared, Aaron turned his attention to Belle, who had just finished the last remnants of her dinner. She was currently dabbing the corners of her lips with an old napkin. He smiled and bit his lip before he leaned towards her and placed his hand flat on the small of her back. She jumped in surprise but didn't pull away from his touch.
"May I show you something?" Aaron asked her in a low voice, cocking his head to the side as he regarded her with warm eyes.
"I suppose so," Belle murmured and stood up, along with Aaron.
He led her into the captain's quarters. Belle's eyes went wide at his good taste when it came to the décor of his living arrangement. It was actually neat, going against the common thread that members of the male species were quite thorough when it came to messiness. Rich, crimson rugs littered the floor of his cabins, and if Belle had to put a place of where such things came from, she would assume China, maybe Singapore. His bed was located in the center of the grand room, with green and gold covers, quilts, and blankets that were thick enough to keep him warm through a harsh winter, wherever he may be. It, along with his bookshelf full of the classics, scattered chests that contained various assortments of clothes, a wooden wardrobe, and a writing desk, was nailed into the wooden floors to make sure that if the ship faced a troubled ocean, nothing would slide across the room and knock over. It was a smart thing to do, Belle had to admit. One window was placed in the direction of west, while another was placed in the direction of east. It was quite clever because this way, Aaron would always be able to watch the sun rise and set should he so choose. It was quite a remarkable room.
Belle followed Aaron over to the wardrobe, her brow pushed together slightly in wonder at just what it was that Aaron wanted to show her.
The pirate captain opened the wardrobe where an assortment of dresses hung in place. A few Belle recognized due to the fact that she had worn them herself on their raids the crew had pulled. It was where Rick had disappeared the first time in order to fetch the dress she had worn to her parents' home. But Aaron seemed to be looking for something in particular because he ignored every other garment, moving them aside as though they didn't matter.
It was only when he stopped such ministrations and pulled out a specific dress that Belle realized why he had been so thorough in his search. It was absolutely beautiful, no doubt made from the finest silk the east had to offer. The color resembled that of the ocean; it was the closest anyone had come to copying such a changing color. The cut was square and modest in both the front and the back. It required a corset, but the skirt itself was rather formfitting. It would no doubt cling to the woman's form rather than poof out as was the fashion among high-ranking families. Belle was afraid to touch the material with her hands in case she left any unwanted prints on it.
"It's beautiful," Belle commended, finally able to tear her eyes away from the dress in order to match them with Aaron's.
"I want you to wear it," he told her, drowning her eyes with his intimate gaze. "Tonight."
Belle felt her breath catch in her throat, and she had to clear it. Her eyes glanced back down at the material, as though she was inspecting it now. "It looks quite new," she noticed aloud. "How many people have worn it before me?"
"It is new, in fact," Aaron told her. For whatever reason, his voice had developed a husk to it, and it caused Belle to develop goose bumps. "I bought it especially for you; it matches your eyes, you know."
Without saying a word, Aaron placed the dress in Belle's arms before gripping her shoulder gently and turning her around. He was still quite close to her, his warm breath invading the back of her neck. His fingers reached out and slowly began to unlace the loose bodice Belle was currently wearing. He kept his lips loosely pressed together, his gaze fully intent on the task at hand. He wasn't quite sure what he was doing, nor why Belle was allowing him to do such an intimate gesture, but he was glad for it. The pirate captain was awarded for his assistance; a peak of her back was within his sight, and at that moment, he wished he could undress her fully and explore every inch of her body. What a wonder it would be to him.
"What are you doing?"
On the one hand, Aaron reveled in the breathless tone of her voice. So he was affecting her in much the same way she was affecting him. But the question took him by surprise. Just what was he doing?
"I am helping you undress," he told her honestly. He rested his chin on the place where her neck met her shoulder and his hands were placed on both of her hips. "I have finished if you would like to go to your room and change."
Belle didn't want to leave, but she knew that if she didn't, she would do something she might later regret. She said a meek thank you, clutched the dress a bit tighter, and by the time she reached the room she shared with her sister, she remembered that it was necessary to breathe.
Brylee, it would seem, was already ready.
"You look flushed, sister," the younger woman noticed. "That should do well, actually, at highlighting your cheekbones. I have always been jealous of them, I'm afraid. But that does not matter now. Come, Belle, we must get you ready for tonight!"

Chapter XXX
It took two hours before Brylee deemed that Belle looked well enough to be a wealthy merchant's wife. The sun was currently setting, and both of the women had made sure to eat some of the fresh fruit that was offered in the middle of Belle's preparation in case they could not eat food at the event.
Both of the men, their companions for the evening, were waiting out on the dock. Aaron was quite ridden with anxiety for some reason that he made sure to mask as impatience. Rick seemed suave and cool, completely unlike himself. Maybe he, too, was reflecting something on the surface while his insides were bubbling, much like a volcano ready to erupt.
"Come on now," Aaron murmured under his breath, drumming his fingers on the banister of the ship. His eyes had rolled out to the sea, watching as the sun used the sky as its canvas, painting a unique picture with its golden rays. "We haven't got all bloody night."
Aaron's frustration could also be the result of nerves, but Rick dare not say it when the pirate captain was as jumpy as he was. His own blue eyes was focused on the door, and just like magic, it opened.
The first woman out was his date for the evening. He felt his breath leave his mouth involuntarily and he couldn't help but stare in awe at the woman that presented herself before him. She was wearing a blue dress that caused her own blue eyes to appear bigger. The dress itself was a bit tight, causing Brylee's bosom to be pressed together, but it wasn't too bad. In fact, it could be used as a way of distracting somebody if need be. It cinched at the waist due to the laced corset, and flared out dramatically, masking her legs. Her light brown hair was tied into a labyrinth and piled fashionably on her head. There was rogue on her cheeks and lips, and her lashes looked longer than they normally did.
"You're beautiful," Rick said before he could stop himself. Immediately, the two blushed, but neither looked away. "Uhm, may I?" He offered her his arm and Brylee took it before the couple disappeared onto the dock, where a carriage was waiting for them.
Aaron didn't even notice. He was transfixed, mesmerized, maybe even underneath some sort of spell. He could admit it. He would admit it, if it was asked of him.
The pirate captain had always known Belle was something spectacular, but nothing, not even his own rationale, could prepare himself for what he was seeing at that moment. She was beautiful, but even more than that, she was something special. He did not choose the dress because it was fashionable. In all honesty, women currently preferred more elaborate dresses comparable to Brylee's, but Aaron didn't care whatsoever. Belle was a vision.
The dress really did make her eyes stand out; they matched like a pair of identical twins. Her cleavage was not quite displayed like her younger sister's, but Aaron preferred it that way only because it might cause him to focus on any men who chose to stare at it rather than to carry out the necessary mission. Her slender form was revealed however, due to the fact that the dress hung on every curve rather than flare out. Her blonde hair was pulled away from her face in a simple, messy bun, and her makeup was light when compared with her sister's. Kohl outlined her murky green orbs and light rogue painted her lips, but that was it. It didn't matter. She looked…
"Shall we?" he asked, offering her his arm. She smiled and nodded, slipping her own through his while desperately trying to forget everything that had happened in his room only a few hours ago. "I believe," Aaron continued, tilting his head towards her while keeping his voice down in a low murmur, "that we should carry on with the same rouse we used on your parents, except, of course, with a change of our names."
"I agree," she told him as they entered the awaiting carriage. "I shall be Charlene."
"And I am your husband James," he replied with a wink. "James and Charlene Barry it is, then."
The carriage pulled up to a square-shaped manor that was already piled with numerous guests in various clothes. Belle swallowed slightly as her eyes took everything in from the safety of the carriage. But Belle knew she would have to exit sooner or later, and she would not be as safe as she was right now.
At least she would have Aaron.
"You will be fine," he assured her, immediately noticing the uncomfortable look clearly written on her face. "I promise you."
"And I am supposed to take the word of a pirate?" she teased him, feeling her tense body start to relax at the mere sound of his voice.
"You are supposed to take my word," he told her before smiling.
"So I shall," she agreed.
It wasn't long before the two exited the carriage and surrounded themselves with the upper class. Belle had only been to a couple of these balls when she was young, but she had always been accompanied by her grandfather. He would always make these sort of gatherings fun, making jokes about people who thought they were the most important thing in the world or giving her goofy looks when no one else was looking. He was also her dance partner when such an event called for such an activity. She smiled sadly at the memories; she missed him very much.
Now, she had Aaron, and Belle was sure he would distract her as her grandfather had for completely different reasons. Right now, their arms were interlocked and their bodies were close together. They had to look married, intimate, and…
It was hard to focus when he was so close to her.
"Maybe we should dance," Aaron said, once they had made it into the ballroom. He glanced down at her and flashed a charming smile solely for her benefit. "I wouldn't want to forget those dance lessons you have so kindly bestowed upon me."
"I might," she muttered under her breath with a teasing glint in her eyes.
He chuckled and she allowed him to lead her to the dance floor.
It took them mere seconds to get into a proper form. The dance lessons that took place earlier that day did not go wasted on Aaron, as he previously worried about. To be honest, it looked as though they had been dancing together quite some time. They fit each other like lost pieces to the same puzzle, and as Aaron led Belle around the dance floor, he felt, at that moment, complete. As though this was where he belonged. Not, of course, at this particular place, but with Belle, holding her in his arms.
He could admit it; he was particularly fond of the quick-witted young barmaid he had picked up in Tortuga. It had been the best decision he had ever made. And now, here she was, in his arms, giving him a secret smile that left him floored and unable to think well.
"May I cut in?"
Aaron had been so lost in his thoughts that it wasn't until Belle actually stopped dancing did he realize that there was any particular interruption in his momentary bliss. He had even forgotten that this was not real; this was all a show to distract the inhabitants of the governor's manner from knowing that the place was currently being pillaged and plundered by pirates.
When he turned, ready to refuse whoever it was that wanted to cut in and dance with Belle, he paused. It wasn't a man that had interrupted them, but a woman. And a very familiar one at that.
Melissa Croft had silky black hair that went straight down, just past her shoulders. She had off-blue colored eyes, a long, defined nose, and pointed lips. She was the same height as Belle, but wasn't as curvy as her blonde counterpart. She was wearing a blue dress that resembled Brylee's, but Melissa's cleavage was prominently on display most probably on purpose.
Aaron looked at Belle, as though for permission. Belle felt like her breath left her, as though someone had punched her in the gut. Why hadn't she said no?
But she smiled politely and disentangled from Aaron. Before he could say anything else, she disappeared in the crowd.
"So the prodigal son returns," the woman taunted in her usual low voice, her blue eyes sparkling dangerously as they started to dance. "Or should I say pirate? Tell me, Aaron, was it not at the governor's older daughter's debut that we met?"
"May I ask, Miss Croft, where your husband is?" Aaron asked in a tight, strained voice.
"Oh, he's socializing," Melissa replied dismissively, and didn't bother to refrain from rolling her ice-blue eyes to the sky. "And, if I remember correctly, you never minded his lack of presence before."
"Yes," Aaron agreed, nodding pointedly, but his eyes were like chocolate glaciers as they bore into Melissa's. "And that was before I knew you were betrothed prior to starting up an acquaintance with me, so imagine my surprise when I found out from strangers of your recent engagement."
"Oh Aaron," she said, unperturbed by his serious tone. "You were always my favorite lover, you know. You always knew how to please me."
"Well, lucky for me, it's not my job to please you," he told her in a gruff voice before releasing his hold on his old flame and turned, preparing to look for Belle.
He left Melissa alone, in the middle of the dance floor.

Chapter XXXI
Belle had to get out of there, at least temporarily. She couldn't pinpoint what it was exactly, but she felt this surge of negative energy consume her body, causing it to tense up and her eyes to narrow in the woman's direction. The very woman who had interrupted her dance with Aaron Donovan. She had recognized such an emotion before, however. Whenever her grandfather had bestowed attention upon Brylee while refraining from doing the same to Belle, she felt the very same way.
She was jealous.
She was jealous of a woman who seemed to know Aaron from before he had ever set eyes upon Belle, and that made her uncomfortable.
Had it been foolish for her to believe that maybe, possibly, he might love her in return for her blind adoration and devotion? But then again, she should have realized that pirates were incapable of such emotions.
And now she was starting to sound like Brylee. She never thought she would see the day.
To get her mind off of her troubled thoughts, she decided to focus her eyes up to the black night. The stars sparkled brightly. They seemed to be so big, Belle thought if she could get to a certain elevation, she just may be able to reach out and pluck one from its home.
"Excuse me?" a smooth tenor voice said from behind Belle. She turned her head slightly so she could get a view of the man who had called out to her. She couldn't see him too clearly, but she could make out that he was tall and appeared to be quite handsome. "I do not mean to frighten you, Miss, but a beautiful woman such as yourself should not be out here alone without an escort." He offered her a friendly smile as he stood beside her, and his eyes twinkled teasingly.
Belle refrained from rolling her eyes. Due to her accumulation of freedom, she felt it was rather silly for men or family members to escort unwed young women. If the women were merely given a chance, Belle was sure there was a big possibility they could defend themselves.
So this must be the elusive Prince Charming Brylee always speaks of, Belle thought to herself, a humble, dry smile touching her lips.
"And you are here to provide it?" she asked in an innocent voice.
My word, are you flirting with him? a voice in her mind asked her.
It's Aaron's fault, came her retort.
"It would be my pleasure," he said and nodded his head in agreement. They were silent for a long moment before the man cocked his head in order to study Belle's sharp profile. "It is such a beautiful night. It is terrible it is tainted with the rumors spreading amongst the guests here." He was baiting her and she knew it. No matter how handsome the man was, he was still a typical, high class gossip.
"Oh?" Belle said, arching a brow, deciding to humor him.
"Yes," the man said in a tone that revealed he was quite familiar with what was going on. "Apparently the elusive Captain Aaron Donovan, the pirate, has struck small ports along the coast in the past two weeks." Belle feigned a look of indignant shock, causing the man to continue. "Oh yes, but the rumors do not end there. In fact, even worse, I say, is the fact that there might not be one but two women accompanying him with his raids. Witnesses have painted them as alluringly beautiful – quite a distraction, I would think so, but apparently Donovan can keep his focus around them because of how many people they have looted. And you know, I do not think it matters how beautiful a woman is – if she has been with a pirate for any amount of time, I would not give her a second glance, I say. Her mere affiliation is enough to deter me from her." He smirked, as though his words would surely cause her to deem him a worthy match, but she gave him an inquiring look.
"So you judge someone based on who they are seen with rather than who they are as a person?" She tried to keep the judgment out of her question, but Belle only succeeded slightly.
Before he could answer, somebody else interrupted them.
"Excuse me," a low, familiar drawl said from behind the two. "Arabella, is that you?" Belle didn't answer, knowing full-well who it was. Instead, she glanced over her shoulder and gave Aaron a look that he never particularly liked.
Aaron ignored it for the time being, and offered the man a friendly smile. "Good sir," he said. "I wish to convey my thanks for being out here with my wife to ensure she was not without supervision, but now that I have finished making the company's acquaintance, I would hope that you could give the two of us privacy."
The man strained a smile upon realizing that Belle was not suitable for a suitor such as himself and nodded a couple of times. "You should keep a better eye on her," he advised as he backed up. "You have a beautiful wife there. You never know who might snatch her up, especially with the persistent rumors of pirates."
"Indeed," Aaron muttered under his breath when he was certain the man was far away enough that he could not hear the pirate captain. When the man had finally reentered the manor, Aaron swung around so he could regard Belle with frustrated brown eyes. "You are aware of what he was doing, correct?"
"From my view, he was merely offering his company and engaging in friendly conversation," Belle told him a soft, innocent voice.
This caused Aaron to frown. "He was undressing you with his eyes," he told her flatly. "You do know about men and their eyes, yes? When they look at a beautiful woman, millions of thoughts flash through their eyes and none of them are at all proper."
"Oh?" Belle asked, arching a brow up. "Then tell me, Aaron Donovan, what do your eyes say?"
"Mine?" he asked her, his tone slightly incredulous. "You would like to know what my eyes are saying right now?" They seemed to be burning a hole through her own, but it didn't matter. Belle was transfixed. "They wish to relay the message to you that there is nothing more that I wish to do right now than have my wicked way with you right here, right now, and you'll probably ask me to do it again. And I will." Belle's face had flushed with crimson as she stared at him in awe. No man had ever been so forward with her, and she was tempted to slap him for it, but the same desire that was currently possessing the pirate to say such things caused her to hold back. "Do you realize how much I absolutely loathe when men look at you in a way I deem inappropriate? I suddenly have this urge to grab them and slit their throats because of the fact that they have accosted you with their eyes."
Belle had to swallow before she could speak, and when she did, she hoped her voice was firm and not shaky. "Why are you saying these things to me?" she asked, articulating each word that came out of her mouth. "I thought you assumed that Belle Rochester was damaged goods. That is what you had said, is it not?"
"Well, are you?" Aaron asked, knowing that was probably not the correct thing to say at a time like this, but his stubbornness refused to care.
Belle was surprised by his question, and it took her a moment to answer. "I guess it depends on what your definition of damaged goods is," she told him curtly. Before he could respond, she quickly continued. "Though maybe you are affected by another woman who will not see to ease your comfort, so not only have you degraded yourself to damaged goods but second helpings as well." Again, Aaron looked as though he was about to argue, but Belle once more cut him off. "I think it is best if I go back to the ship. I do hope you find a solution to your problem."
Before Aaron could stop her, she quickly headed out of his presence and back into the manor. Aaron quickly decided to follow her, trying and hoping that she would see reason and stay with him. However, he could tell the woman was determined to carry out what she said she would as she headed out the front doors.
When Aaron reached the frame of the doorway, his whole body froze. Members of the Royal Navy were blocking Belle's path. One held her wrists tightly before shackling them together. Without realizing what he was doing, Aaron felt his hand touch the butt of his pistol before pulling it out of his belt and walking a few steps into the night. Even so, he knew he could do absolutely nothing. There were too many of them and only one of him.
He felt his eyes pool with pure worry, his brow pushed together. Though his mouth had dropped open slightly, his jaw was tightened. He wanted to go after her, but he couldn't. Not when his crew was currently executing a mission right there.
How had they known she was here? How had they known what she looked like?
Belle never turned around to look at him, afraid she might give his presence away.
And before Aaron knew it, she was gone.

Chapter XXXII
Aaron wasn't quite sure how long he stood there, his eyes rooted in the place Belle had been only moments before, with his pistol drawn in his hand, resting at his side. She was gone. Really, really gone. He couldn't just wait around for her to come back. If he didn't get to her soon, who knew what the Navy would do to her? Hell, she might be hung at dawn some day in the near future if they found out her true identity.
They must know who she is, Aaron, a voice in his mind grumbled. They would not have arrested an innocent woman unless they knew it was Belle. 
Commack had to be behind this. He had to. Belle had not yet been with Aaron long enough for her to be identified on the street by herself.
Unless of course, the fact that she was a woman improved her legend. Maybe it was true then. People always seemed so surprised when it had been found out a woman was engaging in piratical acts.
It didn't matter though, who was behind it or who had recognized her as Aaron's partner in crime. All that mattered was getting her back, and he intended to do just that.
Spinning on the heel of his boot, Aaron quickly headed back into the manor. He tried to act as casually as possible in hopes he wouldn't draw any attention to himself which would result in further distractions from his ultimate goal. He paused when he reached the outer edge of the dance floor, his chocolate brown eyes scanning the couples as they moved gracefully along with the music. He had to find Rick and Brylee as quickly as he possibly could.
Finally, after what felt like forever, Aaron managed to catch sight of Rick's floppy chestnut hair, and he made a beeline so he could talk to the man. It was in this instance when Aaron was thankful his first mate had naturally messy hair, even though it would frustrate him at times when it was imperative to look immaculate for certain raids.
The pirate had no trouble reaching the couple, and if the situation had been different and he wasn't in such an incessant hurry, he would have noticed that both Rick and Brylee were laughing, enjoying each other's company. However, that was not the case. His primary focus was Belle, and as a result, ignored the further development between Rick and Brylee, at least for now.
"Hello, you," Rick said after a moment, having obviously forgotten Aaron's faux name for the night.
Aaron should have scolded him for it, but didn't. He was too worried. "It's Belle," he managed to get out. Even though he had reached his intended destination, words tumbled into his mind and it was hard for him to speak properly. He managed to continue, however, especially once he saw worry clearly written in Brylee's blue eyes. "I saw her. She's been arrested." He made sure he kept his voice down to ensure he wouldn't alert other patrons to their presence.
It would seem Brylee did not take the hint. "What?" she all but yelped, her eyes burning into Aaron. When Rick nudged her side with his elbow, she realized her mistake and felt her cheeks crimson. "How could she get arrested?" she whispered, her voice still firm despite its quietness.
"I'm not sure, exactly," Aaron said, hoping he didn't sound as helpless as he felt. "I was following her out; she wanted to go to the ship. But when I stepped outside, four Navy men swarmed her and grabbed her. I couldn't go after them. I was alone."
"Aaron, calm down," Rick said upon hearing the earnestness in his captain's voice. "We will get her back, but we cannot exactly raid the town's brigs without some sort of plan or our rescue attempt will be in vain."
"Right," Aaron said, allowing Rick's logic to calm him down slightly. "Right. Harry should be nearly finished releasing the slaves and Carver has to be finished ridding this place of its loot. Meet me at the ship, then, as soon as you can."
"Aye," Rick agreed, nodding his head a couple of times.
Aaron lost himself in the crowd once again, hoping to leave in order to get back to the ship and come up with some sort of plan. However, upon his hasty exit, a familiar young woman cut him off, a devious look sparkling in her eyes.
"I need you to move, Melissa," he said, his voice dangerously low.
She pursed her lips into a pout. "Oh, come on Aaron," she said in a child’s voice. "Just one more dance. I saw your partner getting arrested outside so there really is no excuse…"
Aaron narrowed his eyes dangerously. "I swear to God, Melissa, if I found out that you were the cause of her arrest," Aaron began, but realized he was wasting precious time. "Please move or I will use force."
"Oh Aaron, you know I always liked it when you used force," the young woman teased. However, something in his eyes caused her face to drop and then her eyes flickered with jealousy. "You would harm a woman?" she challenged, her voice tight.
"I never would harm a woman," Aaron conceded, "but then again, you never really were one, were you?"
His remark caught her by surprise and Aaron took his chance by pushing past her and disappearing into the crowd.
---
Belle did not go quietly. While she wasn't exactly yelling or screaming, she struggled as hard as she could, and managed to scrape her wrists on the tight shackles that encompassed her wrists. She didn't want people to see that it was she who had been arrested in case someone would recognize her as Aaron's date and pieces might start falling in place…
No. It was better that she was arrested in place of Aaron. He would still be able to do what he did without her presence, and help those in need of help.
"Why were you at the governor's mansion?" a Navy man asked her in a gruff voice as he all but shoved her in their awaiting carriage.
"How did you get here?" another one asked.
"I took a carriage," Belle said helplessly. Though she knew she was doing the right thing, it didn't cause her fear to subside. "I came alone. The governor's daughter is an acquaintance of my parents'. I thought I should pay my respects by showing up at her debut incognito."
"Alone?" yet another one asked in disbelief.
"Captain Donovan thought it was a waste of his time," Belle told the men. She always had a knack for lying, and after eight years on her own, had only perfected the skill. There was only one thing on her mind that she decided to follow. No matter what, she would never speak of the whereabouts of Aaron Donovan, no matter the consequence.
Though the agents kept shooting questions at her and demanding that she answer, Belle kept her mouth shut. Instead, she focused her eyes out the window and on the black sky.
When they reached their destination, Belle was pushed out and then yanked down wooden stairs, where the brigs were positioned. It surprised the young woman that she had managed to maintain some sort of balance so she didn't fall flat on her face. Instead of being taken to a cell, as she expected, she was escorted to a small, nearby room. Her shackles were released on only one hand and then clamped on the arm of the chair she was supposed to sit in. Other men filed out save for one, who sat down across from her with narrowed grey eyes.
"Where is he?" he asked in a crisp, articulated voice.
Belle feigned innocence. "Who are you speaking of?" she asked him, her voice light but certain. She met his challenging eyes with a look of her own.
He slammed his palm down on the surface of the table that separated them. "Do not take me for a fool, Miss Rochester," the man snapped. "You know exactly of who I am referring. Now, where are the whereabouts of Aaron Donovan?"
"I don't know," Belle said as calmly as she could.
"How did you meet up with the criminal?" he asked.
"I have not met up with him," she replied in the same voice.
"Are you the rumored female associate who has been accompanying him on his raids?"
"No."
He wasn't sure if it were her obvious lies or the fact that she appeared to be so utterly relaxed that caused him to be so upset. Maybe it was both. Maybe it was the fact that he had to interrogate a pirate's whore that bothered him.
Belle sat there for hours and hours and hours. She wasn't allowed to eat, sleep, go to the restroom, or even get up out of her chair. She even got slapped around a few times, and her lip was bleeding, but her answers never changed, her determination never wavered.
"Do you realize how dangerous Aaron Donovan is?" the man asked. This one was not the same as the other few who had tried to crack her and came out unsuccessful. But he, too, wasn't getting anywhere.
Though she had a terrible headache and was unbearably exhausted, the corners of her lips twitched up. "When he finds out what you all have done to me, you will realize that dangerous is the biggest understatement of the century," she told him.

Chapter XXXIII
Rick stared at Brylee with an arched brow and pursed lips as she skillfully began to pile up her light brown strands on top of her head. It wasn't the fact that he disapproved of what she was getting ready for, of course, but did she have to look like… that while she did so? The young woman he had grown quite fond of was wearing a light pink dress with an especially tight corset. The dress itself was lower than necessary concerning the cut of it, and it was more form fitting than he would have preferred. On her feet, she was wearing matching heels that she wasn't familiar with when it concerned actually walking. Her pretty face was littered with more makeup than necessary, but it enhanced her features quite nicely.
"Captain Donovan," Brylee murmured as she gazed in the oval-shaped glass at her reflection. "Will you please go over the plan once again so I am familiar with it?"
She spoke to the man standing adjacent next to Rick, who had previously been pacing up and down the length of his quarters. It was odd for Rick to see his captain so uncertain when Aaron was notorious for having everything planned out. There were times when he even had plans for plans.
"Of course," the pirate captain said with a curt nod, though Brylee could not see it from her position. "You are supposed to be a female of the nightly persuasion. You should stumble upon the jail and go in, surveying the place until you set your sights on Belle."
"It is imperative you remain safe, Brylee," Rick reminded her once again, and he hoped his obvious worry for her didn't show blatantly on his face.
---
After a few more moments of doing her hair, Brylee was ready to embark on her mission. Aaron told her exactly where the jail was and even went to the extent of drawing a map for her that she quickly memorized. Rick also offered to follow her from far away in case anything had happened to her. He could solicit her if anything went wrong without breaking her cover. Aaron and Brylee agreed to Rick's suggestion, and soon, the two were off of the ship and on land.
It took Brylee a few tries before she actually found the location she was looking for, and after taking a deep, calming breath, opened the wooden door, and, wary of the descending wooden steps, tried to appear giggly and slightly drunk. Though Rick wanted nothing more than to accompany her to ensure Brylee's safety, he stayed upstairs, blending in quite easily with the night.
"May I help you, mum?" the guard said, standing up from his post and looking at her. He appeared to be startled by her presence, but did not entirely disapprove of it. He took a sweep of her body, admiring her obvious curves before allowing his eyes to reach hers when he had finished.
Brylee pretended not to notice. "Wow," she said, her voice slightly breathy as she regarded him. "I have never met a member of the Royal Navy before. I admire what you do incredibly, you know."
Brylee had found that men could be rather easy to figure out. Those that were arrogant, as most Navy men were, were easily persuaded or distracted by flattery.
"You are not the only one, mum," the guard said with a cheeky smile. "Although I must say, you are the prettiest admirer I have ever seen."
Brylee giggled quite girlishly, hiding her mouth behind her hand. Her eyes were sharp and quick, and she took in her surroundings, trying to find Belle. There were only three cells, but they appeared to be empty… Except the last one. She saw a figure lying in the dirt, and upon further study, recognized her as Belle. Brylee's mouth dropped open slightly, her brows pushed together when she realized her sister’s face was slightly bruised. She couldn't tell if Belle was merely sleeping, or if she had been knocked unconscious during a violent interrogation. Call her naïve, but she didn't think they were actually allowed to harm someone while questioning them…
No, that wasn't true. In all honesty, Brylee had never cared that much before…
But no more.
The guard mistook Brylee's look of utter surprise for one of disgust. He walked around his desk so that he could stand beside her and regard Belle himself.
"That, my dear, is the rumored female associate of the pirate Aaron Donovan," the guard informed her. Brylee's surprise was even greater upon hearing they harmed her in such a way with no knowledge that she was the exact female they were looking for (even though she was, of course). "Whore is my guess," he continued, not noticing the expression on Brylee's face. "You know that we have questioned her for hours and she has said absolutely nothing regarding his whereabouts? Oh, but do not worry. We will get the pirate and hang him for all the crimes he has committed."
"I have no doubt," Brylee forced herself to say, turning her head so it faced the guard's profile. "I really must get going, however. I would like to see you again."
"I would like that as well," the guard said with an arrogant smile. He walked her over to the beginning of the staircase, his arm casually placed on the small of her back. "So I know it is you, will you knock three times on the door?"
Brylee nodded once. "Of course," she murmured.
Once she exited the jail, she and Rick quickly made their way back to the ship. When Aaron saw them, his whole body tensed at he looked at Brylee expectantly.
"She's there," Brylee informed him. She wanted to speak as quickly as she could so that he would leave and get Belle back and everything could possibly go back to normal. "She's in the third cell. It's on the left. I cannot tell if she is sleeping or unconscious." Aaron's eyes narrowed upon hearing this, but Brylee wasn't quite finished yet. "He told me to knock three times so he would know it was me." Here, Brylee winced as she watched Aaron slip his cutlass, a dagger, and his pistol in the confines of his belt. "Aaron," she said, catching his attention. "She looked pretty beaten up."
That seemed to have pushed Aaron over the edge, and in a blink of an eye, he had disappeared. The only way she could be beaten was if she didn't give those interrogating her the information they wanted. She either didn't admit that she was this person they thought she was or she would say nothing concerning him. Maybe she did both. It didn't matter, either way. He had to get her out of there no matter what.
When he reached the door, he curled his fingers into a fist and banged three times on the door. Quickly after that, he placed his ear upon the wooden entrance so he could hear the guard inside approaching. If he was successful, he would time everything perfectly… The guard seemed to be unlocking the door, and when he began to pull it open, Aaron raised his foot and slammed it on the door, causing the guard to roll down the steps and the door to open wide.
Aaron wasted no time. His pulled out his pistol and aimed it at the still-recovering guard, his chocolate brown eyes hard and cold, nearly black if one looked at them.
"Release her," Aaron demanding, tilting his head in the cage Belle was placed in. Though he didn't full on look at her, he could clearly make out her form.
"Fuck you," the guard said in a cryptic voice.
Aaron couldn't waste any time. Without warning, he reached over and slapped the guard across the face with the butt of the pistol. "Don't think I won't take your life right now," Aaron said through clenched teeth as he pointed the pistol at the guard once again.
With shaky hands, the guard handed Aaron the keys.
"Don't try anything either," Aaron warned in an ominous tone. "I am a good shot and would like nothing more than to prove myself on you."
Within moments, Aaron was in the cell. He gently picked up Belle and found that she was only sleeping. He let a sigh of relief out when he realized she didn't look as bad as he thought she would, but the fact remained that she was still beaten up. His eyes flashed at the guard, a scowl touching his face.
"What?" Aaron asked as he walked out of the cell. "Do you get off on beating up women?"
The guard merely sneered. "Only pirates' whores," he snapped.
Aaron pressed his lips firmly together. It only took a moment, but he shifted Belle's weight, picked up his pistol once again, and shot the guard in the knee. The guard screamed out in pain, cursing Aaron and Belle with every insult he could think of.
The noise seemed to have woken up Belle because she began to stir in his arms. "Aaron?" she murmured, her voice laced with sleep.
"Hush now, love," Aaron said as he began to climb the stairs out of the jailhouse. "I'm getting you out of here."
It didn't take long before she fell back asleep in his arms.

Chapter XXXIV
It didn't take long for Aaron to reach his ship, and his heart stopped beating as rapidly as it had once been. He had her back, and that was all that mattered. When he was on deck, he shouted to Rick to start getting the ship set for sailing. Despite the fact Aaron had received momentary satisfaction in shooting the nameless guard in the knee, he knew that somebody would most likely have heard the commotion and soon, there would be a cavalcade of Navy men surrounding the tiny port in search of them. He wouldn't risk losing Belle once more over misguided arrogance.
Brylee, who had been having an intimate conversation with Rick, quickly led Aaron to the bedroom she shared with her sister. She threw open the door and stepped to the side while motioning to the cot Belle slept on. Aaron knelt down and gently set Belle on the bed. Though he was accustomed to Belle being a rather light sleeper, she seemed deeply embedded in her slumber.
When Aaron stepped back, Brylee grabbed the necessary materials in order to clean the cuts and decrease the swelling on her sister's face. "She didn't say anything," Brylee murmured, throwing a glance over her shoulder at Aaron. "They kept her from eating and sleeping. They tortured her. But she did not say anything." She paused, and Aaron felt as though he should say something, but he wasn't quite sure what to say, so he remained quiet. "You should go to bed," she told him quietly, sweeping a stray strand of hair from her sister's face. "She needs rest, and so do you."
Aaron wanted nothing more than to stay there that evening, even ready to offer his room to Brylee for the night, but he refrained from doing so. She was right. Belle needed rest and so did he.
It wasn't until the ship set sail did Aaron finally feel himself get lulled to sleep.
---
The first thing Belle noticed upon opening her eyes was how much her head hurt. And was it her, or did the sun shine exceedingly bright today? However, she continued on, throwing her legs over her bed, pushing herself up, and changing. Once everything was settled she walked out, and even though she had prepared herself for the bright sun, it still caught her off-guard, and she placed her throbbing head into her hands, emitting a low groan.
Aaron would never admit that he had been waiting for Belle to emerge from her bedroom, but he was utterly delighted to see her up and about. Her bruises were quite bountiful, but they didn't look as bad as he had expected, although by the way she was cradling her head in her hands, he assumed she was suffering from a terrible headache. He frowned, wondering if there was any way for him to remedy that. When he got his idea, he called over to a couple of his crew members and instructed them to put his thoughts into actions. They agreed and disappeared.
"Hello," Belle said through a yawn, giving Aaron a fond look with her murky green eyes. Though her pain had not yet subsided, she smiled warmly at him. She couldn't exactly remember what had happened last night, but she knew that she had been freed from the confines of the prison cell because of actions taken by the pirate captain.
Aaron smiled his greeting to her, though his eyes sparkled a bit more than they did usually. "I'm glad to see you up," he told her seriously, though there was an underlying gladness laced in his tone. "I am drawing you a bath as we speak. I hope you do not think me too presumptuous, but I thought you might like an opportunity to relax and clean everything that needs to be washed." He cleared his throat; Aaron was never uncomfortable concerning any topic to be discussed, but Belle managed to bring that out in him, whether he liked it or not.
"You did not have to do that," she told him, though he could tell she was utterly delighted at the prospect of bathing.
Aaron's lips quirked up, as his eyes studied her facial features with obvious adoration. After everything she had done for him? "Yes I did," he told her in a husky murmur.
Without another word, Aaron wrapped his arm around her waist so his palm was placed on the small of her back and began to head down to the cellar. It would take a while for the rum to heat up, but the two amused themselves with conversation. They were never at a standstill for conversation, almost as though they had known each other longer than they really had. There was a comfort level neither of them had experienced with anybody else.
"It smells suspiciously like rum," Belle said when the barrel of the amber liquid was nearly ready. She took a step towards it. "And it looks like the vile drink too. Won't your crew be upset with you at wasting a good portion of your supply?"
Aaron chuckled at her obvious distaste for the drink. "My crew recognizes that water is much more important than rum," he told her. He took a step towards her so they were only an inch apart from each other, his chocolate eyes carefully scrutinizing her delicate face. "They should go away in a few days' time…"
Belle hoped her cheeks weren't flushing, though an obvious warmth was spreading throughout her body at his concern. "If I had known you were going to offer me a bath, I would have worn something easier to get out of," she said in a low voice. "Would you mind…?" She let her voice trail off, and even though it wasn't her original intention, it almost sounded as though Belle was inviting him to undress her.
Aaron had no response for that, merely allowing his fingers to carefully and skillfully start to unlace the corset. It wasn't too tight, so the corset began to loosen with relative ease. When he finished, he placed both of his hands on her hips and turned her around, but maintained the close proximity between the two. Belle had to hold up the top of her dress with her forearms.
"Why did you not say anything to the interrogators when they were questioning you?" he asked her in a low murmur, his eyes pooling into hers.
"If you are not going to leave, will you please turn around?" Belle asked him, hoping her request came out polite rather than demanding. "I shall answer your question in a moment." Aaron grinned wolfishly and turned, and as Belle slipped out of her dress, she kept her word. "I can only imagine what it is like to be Aaron Donovan," she told him honestly. "But being with you, a part of your missions, I come as close as I can get. And for that reason, I have every intention of prolonging your life as long as I can. Because you are a good man. And because this world needs a man like you in it."
When Aaron was certain he had heard the young woman slip in the vat of warm alcohol, he turned. "It was a foolish thing for you to do," he told her in a firm tone, though he was momentarily transfixed by the way her hair tumbled down after she had released it from its elastic confines. It was almost like a golden halo was surrounding her, and it took him a while for him to speak again. "Though I have this feeling that saying so would not deter you from doing it again."
She chuckled at this, pressing her body against the side of the wooden tub. It was quite tall and because the liquid was murky anyways, she had no worry of him seeing anything she did not wish him to see… at least not yet.
Without another word, Aaron walked up to the vat of liquid and reached out. He wasn't sure what had compelled him to touch her, but at that moment, it felt like the right thing to do. Belle felt her heart quicken, but allowed him to graze her cheek with his rough fingertips before he traced a trail over to her lips.
"I am still unsure why you consider yourself damaged goods when you are the closest thing to perfection I have ever come across," he murmured, his voice once again husky. There it was again, that painful thud in the crevice of her body, sending rays of pleasure throughout Belle's bloodstream. Before she could dwell on the moment any longer, Aaron quickly pulled his fingers away and took a step back. He forced a smile, suddenly nervous, though he'd be damned if he showed such things. "Right, well take all the time you need."
"Thank you," Belle said, her eyes locked onto his being, even after he started to head back up the stairs.
Almost as though it was a second thought, Aaron stopped and looked over his shoulder to look at her. "I'll never walk away from you, Belle," he told her, and his tone contained a seriousness Belle had only heard once before from him. "You have my word."
And she believed him.

Chapter XXXV
It took a week for Aaron Donovan's ship to dock. In that time, both Belle and Brylee practiced their swordsmanship thanks to both Aaron and Rick, and Brylee learned how to cook from Red, the ship's own cook. Belle's bruises were starting to fade, and once the pirates had reached their destination, they were just a memory.
Despite being quite close to the port, the crew refused to touch land just yet. For supper, they gathered in the galley in their usual places, with Aaron at the head of the wooden table, and Belle and Rick on either side of him. It would be keen to note that when Brylee had first arrived, she would not sit with anyone besides Belle because she refused to interact socially with pirates. But now, Brylee chose to sit on Rick's other side, and the two seemed to be striking up quite a friendship, whether Brylee wanted to admit it or not.
"So Aaron," Belle said, after swallowing a bite of her stew. She tilted her head up so she could look at him, her green eyes serious. "What is our next plan of attack?" She had been quite curious to hear the details because in the week they had been sailing, Aaron had not mentioned anything. But now that they were docked, Belle felt it would not be a better time for the pirate to explain what to expect.
"There's an upscale brothel financially backed by the Duke of Arden, originally from England, on this island," Rick said, answering for Aaron despite the fact that he was still chewing his food when he did so. "He exploits the women he has working for him, pimps them out, forcing them have sex with men they do not want to engage in such acts with."
"How are we supposed to get him, then?" Brylee asked, furrowing her brows. "I mean, I am sure robbing it would not be a problem since the crew is quite experienced, but how will we stop him, the Duke?"
"The best way to get the Duke of Arden would be to send somebody in incognito while he attempts to seduce her," Rick answered once again. "This way, he will be distracted enough where the crew can come in an attempt to free the prostitutes from the brothel's confines as well as rob him blind."
"I do not understand the problem," Belle told him. Even though nobody had yet mentioned some kind of obstacle, Rick's tone exposed some sort of hesitancy to actually engage in the plan.
"Well, we have some knowledge on the Duke," Rick said, and oddly enough, avoided Belle's eyes. "And it would seem he has quite a preference for women with blonde hair and a body that is quite curvy."
Belle opened her mouth, as though to say that once again since she didn't see the problem. However, she shut it abruptly and thought about it. She was so deep in thought that she didn't notice Aaron's brown eyes staring at her, as though he, too, was wondering just what she was about to propose.
"I will volunteer," she said finally. "I will be this seductress if you would like."
"No." It was the first word Aaron had said all through supper, and instead of it being warm and playful, it was crisp and firm. "No, you will not."
Belle furrowed her brows at him, slightly offended by his words. "I think that I will," she said. "I cannot let it rest on my conscious that these women are…" She stopped herself short, hoping her voice wouldn't catch. "I am doing this," she continued, "whether you like it or not. You can either figure out some way to ensure my safety as I do so, or not. Of course I would prefer the former, but if your pride gets in the way, I'm sure I can take care of myself."
Aaron stared at Belle long and hard. He knew she wasn't going to back down, and if she wouldn't he knew that he should. She was right. Her safety was worth more than his pride, so he forced himself to nod once.
"Fine," he said indifferently. "You can go. But I will be hiding somewhere nearby so that if something does happen and he tries something with you, I will protect you."
"Fine," Belle agreed.
"Rick," Brylee said, wiping her mouth with a piece of cloth that she had made into a napkin. "I think that once supper is finished, you and I should go see if a dress shop is open, hmm?"
Rick immediately caught on to what Brylee was doing. The two could feel the tension between Aaron and Belle, and if they left as fast they could, they might escape being a part of a big fight.
"Absolutely," he murmured as Aaron got up and headed into his room.
Brylee gave Belle a sympathetic look, but followed Rick out the door. Belle, in turn, had lost any sort of appetite she might or might not have had. This was silly. Why was Aaron angry with her? Was he even angry with her? She bit the bottom corner of her lip and decided that she was going to find out. She stood up and headed over to the captain's quarters. She quickly knocked, and before waiting for an answer, opened the door and headed into his room, slamming the door behind her.
"Are you upset with me?" she asked him, her hands on her hips, preparing for an argument.
However, the candle resting near Aaron's arm flickered and Belle could see that if the pirate was anything, he seemed worried. He stood up from the desk he had been sitting at and walked towards her. When he reached Belle, he placed both of his hands on her shoulders, forcing her to look at him straight in the eye.
"Promise me," he told her, "that you will be safe."
"Of course," Belle murmured, nodding. "And if anything does happen, you will be right there to protect me."
Aaron looked at her deeply at that moment, trying to decipher the look in her eyes. "You know that I will take care of you, right?" he asked her seriously.
"Yes," Belle told him.
"Say it," Aaron continued, his grip on her shoulders tightening. "Say that you know."
"I know that you will take care of me, Aaron," she said in a hushed tone, though she wanted to convey that she believed him.
Without warning, Aaron's hand reached up and slowly began to caress the side of her face. Almost as though it was instinctual rather than anything else, Belle leaned into the intimate touch, wanting nothing more than to stay in this moment. It was probably one of the reasons she loved the pirate; he could be very harsh and demanding when it came to his enemies, but with her, he was calm and gentle.
Aaron leaned his head in and slowly kissed the graceful slope of her neck, causing a whimper to slowly slip out of Belle's mouth. He continued to trail kisses up and down her neck as his other hand - originally on her shoulder - dropped so it wrapped tightly around her waist. Slowly, but with purpose, he began to lead her to the bed, resting in the center of the room. Before either of them knew it, the two were lying down. Belle was on her back, while Aaron was on his side, staring down at the woman before him.
"Let me make love to you," he whispered in a husky voice as he curled an errant strand of hair behind her ear. His warm eyes never left hers, and he tried to convey his sincerity in them.
"You don't want to make love to me," she told him softly, though a very faint blush tainted her cheeks.
"Yes I do," he told her. "I do, more than anything I have ever wanted in my entire life." He continued to pool her eyes with his. "I promise you I will not hurt you."
Belle returned his gaze, and she nodded, wishing for nothing more than to make love to the man she had given her heart to long ago. Aaron turned the young woman on her stomach before his long fingers slowly undid the lace of her bodice. When it was fully undone, he pushed it off of her body. For a long moment, he merely stared at her milky back, running the pads of his fingers over her soft skin, tracing the line of her spine. He turned her over, and smiled humbly as her arms were loosely crossed over her chest, keeping the bodice up.
"I want to see you," he whispered in a husky voice before leaning towards her and gently pushing her arms away. His fingers coiled underneath the material and pulled it from her.
However, Aaron refrained from looking at her completely. He wanted to take her in as a whole, though he was quite tempted to take a peek. Soon, the material that had previously encased her body was now sprawled over the wooden floor. Though it was dark outside, he could clearly see the woman due to the bright moonlight shining inside.
"You're a masterpiece," he said, his warm chocolate eyes capturing hers.
Belle didn't know what to say to that, but she was sure her blush said it all. Instead, she leaned forward and reached towards him so her fingers came in contact with his white tunic. She couldn't make eye contact with him just yet, so she focused her task at hand. She slipped her hands beneath the silky material and brushed her fingertips along the length of his broad shoulders, pulling the shirt with her. Soon, it too, crumpled to the floor, and just as Aaron had been with her, she stopped, transfixed.
His body was hard and toned, bulky with nothing but muscle. Sprinkled throughout the majority of it was short black hair, and there was a vertical strip of it leading down his pants, just below his bellybutton. However, as usual when it came to beauty, there was pain. Belle could make out scars littered on different parts of him, including one right underneath his right shoulder blade that resembled the blade of a knife. Without thinking completely, she touched her lips to a particular scar before moving to another one.
In a manner of minutes, both were completely nude. Belle slowly began to lose her shyness, especially when Aaron began to kiss her while inflicting pleasure on her body. She felt completely adored whenever his eyes swept over her body, and she wanted nothing more than to lose herself to him.
Even though his entrance into her warmth was slightly painful, she trusted that Aaron would never harm her, and he distracted her with soft kisses along her cheeks and her jaw line. Soon, when she got used to his presence, he began to move inside of her, slowly at first, until he heard her breathing hitch and he knew she was experiencing the same pleasure he was feeling.
Belle wasn't quite sure what to feel or how to accomplish such a feeling, but Aaron reassured her with his eyes, and her trust was only enhanced. Soon, tingles began to erupt in her pelvis, and soon, it was hard to breathe let alone see straight.
"Don't stop," she begged in a voice just above a whisper as both of her hands gripped his shoulders tightly.
Aaron glanced up to look at her without stopping his penetration, and cocked the corner of his lips up so he was smiling crookedly. "I won't stop," he promised, and continued plunging into her, as deeply as he could possibly go.
It wasn't long before the two lovers reached their climax, nearly simultaneously. In that instance, Belle realized this was what making love should feel like. Not the way Commack had come and took what he had never asked for, never deserved. She loved Aaron more than anything, for everything he was and everything he wasn't.
Long after the two had finished their love making, Belle was still clutching to Aaron almost desperately, afraid that now that she had Aaron, he would suddenly be taken from her. She couldn't let that happen.
"What's the matter, doll?" he mumbled with a tired voice in her hair. His fingers had been caressing mindless patterns into her side as he dozed off, feeling nothing short of pure content with his life right then. "Can't sleep?"
"I don't want to go to sleep," she admitted, glancing up at him. "I want to have all the time we have together."
He smiled before tilting his head down and kissing the top of her head. "Don't worry," he murmured. "Now that I have you, I'm never letting you go."

Chapter XXXVI
To say that Belle was exhausted when she woke up the next morning would probably be an understatement. However, she had never felt more content in her entire life, so any soreness or tiredness was not much of a priority compared to the elation she was feeling.
Aaron had woken up before she had, and he took advantage of Belle being asleep to properly study the woman next to him. Her blonde hair was tussled and her cheeks were still slightly flushed. When his eyes hit her lips, he smiled, recalling just how soft they really were. He honestly could not believe just how beautiful the woman before him really was. Their bodies fit together perfectly, as though they were created by God from the same piece of clay. And who knew? Maybe they were. But Aaron felt as though they belonged together, not out of some sort of need or lacking, but because he didn't want to be with anyone else. Belle was the treasure his heart most desired, and he wanted her because he loved her.
He smiled when the thought crossed his mind and he pulled her closer to him. Leaning down so his nose buried into the soft strands of her hair, he whispered, "I love you." And he smiled again. Many men he knew had been afraid to say words to women, but Aaron realized just then there was nothing to be afraid of if one was with the right woman.
And Belle was most definitely the right woman.
Belle awoke only shortly after, and she smiled up at Aaron when she saw him looking down at her. His lips quirked up as he looked at her while she blinked a couple of times, trying to get used to the light seeping into the cabin. At that moment, a faint blush touched her features.
"What is it?" Aaron asked, nudging her bare side with his hand. His tone was teasing, but he was genuinely curious. Surely she didn't regret what had happened between them, did she?
"Surely everyone would know what we did together last night, Aaron," Belle said, her blush only deepening as she tried to snuggle deeper into the bed, hiding herself from the transparent eyes only she seemed to see.
An arrogant grin took his smile's place, and his grip on her waist tightened. "You're my girl now, doll," he murmured, his lips millimeters away from the edge of her jaw line. "And I want everyone to know it."
Belle seemed genuinely touched by this, and though her blush was still there, she smiled brilliantly, catching him slightly by surprise. Before the young woman could respond, Aaron leaned down to kiss her, as though he had been compelled to do so by some unseen force. In actuality, he wanted to taste the beautiful smile for himself.
"There are clothes in the chests that you might feel comfortable in," Aaron said, once he had broken the kiss, and gestured towards the wooden chests scattered around his room.
Aaron knew he was a very lucky man when Belle stood, completely naked, and began to search for some clothes. She was shy, but Aaron didn't seem to notice. He took in everything the sunlight shone upon. She was… Was there a word he had not used? Maybe he should expand his already enviable vocabulary. But Belle was causing him to realize that sometimes, words could not always do something justice. Instead, he leaned back and merely enjoyed what was offered to him. And the best thing was that she loved him nearly as much as he loved her.
Belle grabbed an undershirt and slipped on black pantaloons, boots, and a sky blue tunic. They were undoubtedly too big for her petite frame, but upon seeing her choice of outfit, Aaron cocked a grin at how adorable she looked, especially with her messy hair.
"I shall see you soon?" Belle inquired. Both of them knew she should start getting ready to engage in their plan, and surely Belle wanted to spend time with her sister beforehand.
Aaron nodded. "Without question," he told her, and with that, Belle slipped out the door but not before flashing Aaron another shy smile.
Unbeknownst to Aaron, Belle merely wanted some time alone to digest everything that had happened to her in the last twelve hours. She hoped that Brylee was asleep when she silently crept into the bedroom she, until last night, had shared with Brylee, because she knew that Brylee would be questioning her about her lack of fitting clothing and where she had been. And Belle didn't think she had it in her to lie to her sister.
However, upon a quick sweep of the room, Belle found that Brylee was up and fully awake, almost as if she had been waiting for Belle to make her appearance.
"Do I even have to ask?" Brylee said in a suggestive voice once Belle had closed the door firmly behind her. Brylee took in the sight of her sister and her eyes widened slightly. "You were with Aaron last night, were you not? Those clothes look like ones he has worn in the past. Just what were you doing, Belle?" Though the words might have sounded insistent, Brylee was actually quite interested to know the answer, though from the new blush currently crawling upon her sister's cheek, Brylee could surely guess.
"Aaron and I," Belle began, but stopped. A delighted smile touched her face, and though she was slightly embarrassed, she wasn't ashamed of her actions last night. "Aaron and I made love last night, and it was the most beautiful thing I have ever experienced in my entire life."
Brylee was about to question the validity of the statement when she caught sight of Belle's smile, and realized Belle had to be telling her the truth.
"What was it like?" she asked suddenly, her brows perked up.
Belle looked down at her sister and realized Brylee was serious in knowing more about sex, so she took a seat across from her and hoped she could explain. "It is not the act itself that is so magmatic, Brylee, but if you share it with the person you love, if it is with someone who cares a great deal about you, the experience can be life-changing," she said in a voice just above a whisper.
"I feel quite drawn to Rick, Belle," Brylee said, "and I've been experiencing these feelings... Feelings I never imagined I could feel for somebody – a pirate. But I begin to realize that the fact that he is, in fact, a pirate, has drawn me to him more so than if he was a gentleman."
At that moment, a knock on the door interrupted the two.
"Come in," Belle said, and Rick walked in, holding up a dress.
"Here you are," he said, handing the older sister the dress. "Aaron wants to leave in a couple of hours. That should be enough time for you to get ready, right?"
Belle nodded, and after Rick took his leave, Brylee began helping her older sister get dressed. It took about an hour and a half, maybe a little longer, for her to finally be ready to leave. The dress itself was pink, and the corset that went along with it was tied tighter than any other time Belle had to wear such a contraption. When she argued, Brylee reminded her that the Duke of Arden preferred his women with curves, and even though Belle was quite bountiful, the corset dramatized them even more so. The skirt cinched at the waist and flared out in small folds, the hemline barely caressing the wooden floors beneath Belle's feet. Brylee had tied Belle's blonde hair up so her curves could easily be seen, and when the sun hit the locks, the younger sister was sure it would appear even more blonde than it already was. Makeup was only slight, and on her feet were a pair of matching slippers.
When she stepped out, Aaron was taken aback, but he forced his personal feelings aside, and accompanied her to the general area of where this particular brothel was located. With one quick kiss and a reminder to be careful, he disappeared, leaving Belle alone. Though she was slightly nervous, she forced herself to walk into the building with nothing short of burning confidence.
"Hello," she greeted a young woman who appeared to be keeping track of guests that entered and exited the brothel. She looked up and gave Belle a friendly smile. "The Duke of Arden is expecting me."
"Ah, of course," the woman said with a slight hint of a French accent. "Room two twenty, on the second floor."
"Thank you," Belle murmured before heading up the stairs.
It didn't take long for the young woman to find the room she had been directed to, but when she opened it, darkness clouded the occupants of it. Belle furrowed her brow. That was odd…
"Well, well," a low, familiar drawl said in a mocking tone as Belle heard the door suddenly shut behind her. "With you gallivanting around the world with Aaron Donovan, it really is no surprise to find you here."
All of the blood coursing through Belle's body ran cold.
That was not the Duke of Arden speaking.
It was Commodore Dustin Commack.

Chapter XXXVII
"Now," Commack said, stalking over to Belle before she could make any sort of escape. "I never claim to be a smart man, but I am bright. I also am quite knowledgeable when it concerns matters of piracy. You see, in order to catch the scoundrels, one needs to think like them. It is quite easy to dumb down rather than to brighten up, so I figure that he must be around somewhere, though I am quite certain he has not entered the brothel or one of my men would have informed me immediately." He flashed a dark grin in her direction that did not quite reach his gold eyes.
Belle gulped. She had no idea where Aaron was or what to do given her current predicament. She hoped that nothing had happened to the infamous pirate captain, but currently, her mind was focused on just how to escape from where she was. Before she could contemplate it, Commack reached out and hoisted her over his shoulders.
---
It was only then did Aaron make his appearance outside. It had taken him a while to climb up one of the many vines that crawled up the brothel's back wall, and once he silently hoisted himself onto the balcony, he slowly padded over to the large window. What he saw caused his heart to drop in his chest. Belle was being taken out of the room, and Aaron had an idea just who was holding her over his shoulder.
It was Commack. Commack had her and there was nothing Aaron could do to stop him.
Although… maybe it was possible for the pirate to cut the commodore off. Without thinking twice, Aaron climbed on the edge of the balcony and jumped off. He landed quite gracefully, and though he felt something strain on the inside of his right leg, he didn't think about it just yet. Instead, he dashed around the large building and could just make out Belle's golden hair before two Navy men cut him off.
"Aaron Donovan?" one asked, his cold, blue eyes narrowing at the pirate. "The Royal Navy is promptly placing you under arrest."
Aaron wasn't aware that his wrists were being shackled. In fact, he couldn't hear what they were telling him, or even that he was being arrested. His brown eyes were straining to keep his sights on his Belle, but soon, she and Commack had disappeared through the crowd. It was then that Aaron realized he couldn't quite escape.
At least, not yet.
---
Surprisingly, Belle was all but dragged to a dining hall of a tremendous ship, being offered a seat by the help, rather than to a jail cell somewhere on the island. When everyone disappeared, Dustin Commack took a seat in front of her and stared sharply at the woman's features before him, before snapping his head back and laughing.
It was a sound that scared Belle to no end, a sound she wanted nothing more than to forget.
"You know," he began, once his laughter had subsided, "I always knew you were a whore, Arabella, but I had no idea you could stoop so low as to being a pirate's whore." For whatever reason, this seemed to amuse him, and as such, he kept smiling.
Belle clenched her teeth together, but even she didn't have enough self-control to contain some sort of retort to his insult. "Better his whore than your wife," she snapped, narrowing her eyes dangerously.
Commack reached out and slapped her right across the face. His whole amused demeanor changed into a snarl in less than a second, but he did not get the reaction out of her that he had wanted. He wanted her to scream, maybe whimper, but she didn't do any of that. She closed her eyes and winced slightly, but no sounds slipped out of her pretty little mouth. Then, after a moment, she opened her eyes and they flashed emerald, a dangerous color, as they regarded the man across from her.
Commack flashed a charming smile, though it fell flat on its audience. "I'm sorry, my dear," he said, after chuckling a bit. "But I must inform you that you should not be saying these things when I have a deal I would like to make with you."
Belle was silent then, the glare nearly leaving her eyes. She clenched her jaw together once more, but this time was successful about keeping silent.
"May I show you something?" Commack asked politely, though he would not wait for answer. Instead, he stood up and walked around the table before grabbed Belle's arm and yanking her arm up before touching the small of her back and pushing her to the door. "Let's go. I want to show you something."
There was a sinister smile etched out onto Commack's smile that seemed to bother Belle to no end, but she ignored it. He ended up leading her to his ship's set of brigs, and what she saw there caused her to pull from Commack's grasp and coil her long fingers on the cool metal bars. Aaron! He was right there, a bruise on his face and his lip split, but he was there, he was in front of her.
"The infamous Aaron Donovan, the Robin Hood pirate of the Seven Seas," Commack announced, "will be hung promptly in two day's time."
Without looking over at the man, Belle asked, "What do you want for him?" Aaron had come up to meet her, afraid to speak lest Commack took his rage out on Belle, but curled his hands around Belle's and pooled his eyes into her own. She looked unharmed, from what he could see.
"If you, Arabella," Commack began, taking a couple of steps towards the woman on her right side. He wanted her to pay attention to him, but at the same time, he wanted her to agree to this so his plan could take place. "If you agree to marry me, I will release Aaron Donovan right here, right now."
"No," Aaron said quickly, snapping his brown eyes from Commack's frame over to Belle. They looked frantic, needing her to not agree to this proposition. He would be damned if Belle agreed to marry some other man just to set him free. He couldn't even fathom some other man being with her when he loved her so. "No. No you don't, Belle. Do not even think it. We can think of something. Don't." But he could read her eyes as clear as the blue sky outside.
Belle's eyes were misting up, but she refused to let any of her tears fall. Instead, she pressed her lips together, trying to contain herself. She mouthed the words 'I'm sorry' to him before cocking her head to the side so she could look at Commack. "All right," she agreed, her voice strained. "All right, I consent to be your wife."
Commack smiled, but in no way was he surprised. Of course she would consent to be his wife. It would seem she would do anything for that pirate. Who knew? Maybe she loved the man. He didn't know and wouldn't waste any time contemplating such notions. How could anyone fall in love with pirates was beyond him. He could understand childhood fantasies about exploring the Seven Seas and looting for treasure and fighting to the death. But the Royal Navy did such things to, and everything they did was legal. Pirates, on the other hand…
And what kind of pirate was Aaron Donovan anyways? Stealing from the wealthy and then dispersing his findings to the poor? How ridiculous that notion was! The wealthy did absolutely nothing to deserve such prejudice, and the lesson that was being taught here was that one didn't have to work to accumulate some sort of wealth for a pirate would surely ensure the poor was taken care of. It was preposterous.
But oddly enough, people seemed to look up to the man from all ends of the spectrum. He was the peoples' pirate, which made it harder to find him and arrest him because Aaron Donovan had a knack for hiding out in plain sight.
That didn't matter anymore, did it? Aaron Donovan was in his clutches right now, and that was what was important. So some woman thought she was saving him by agreeing to his deal. There was no way Commack would allow Aaron to slip through his fingers now that he finally had the man. He would be a hero for capturing the elusive pirate captain.
Suddenly, he nodded, and two men appeared on either side of Belle and pulled her away from the bars of the cell. Commack had to give her credit; the woman was not throwing a tantrum, something he had expected from her. But her eyes seemed to say everything she needed to say to Aaron, though Commack himself couldn't decipher the message, and to be honest, he didn't want to.
"I should probably tell you why Belle ran away all those years ago," Commack said, returning his gaze to the pirate before him once Belle had been taken back up to the deck. His eyes narrowed, and his face looked darker. "I took what was rightfully mine, and what she could give to no other man. And, just so you know, I loved every minute of it." He grinned again as though he was amused.
Aaron, to say the least, was absolutely furious. A slew of insults all pushed their way to the tip of his tongue, but he couldn't speak. His face glared at the man before him, and though Commack would never admit it aloud, the tall pirate intimidated him at that moment.
"I promise," Aaron began, his tone low and articulate as his eyes narrowed into Commack's, "that she and I will get our just revenge on you. Mark my words."
"Consider them marked," Commack murmured, as though he did not take the pirate seriously. But he was shaken.

Chapter XXXVIII
Belle was led up the wooden steps of Dustin Commack's ship. She was going to collect her bearings and start thinking about what she could do to escape when the men who had led her out of the brig turned around and both grabbed one of her arms. It mirrored the way the Navy men did it to her back when she was arrested back on New Providence.
"Excuse me!" Belle exclaimed, her eyes narrowing at the pale hands clenching on her shoulders. "I'm not sure if you were present or not, but I just made a very significant deal with the good commodore. You should not be treating me this way."
One of the Navy men tilted his head back and laughed at Belle's statement, only causing the young woman to flush as she felt her anger increasing. "You're not marrying the Commodore, you wench!" the man exclaimed, as though it was the most amusing thing he had ever heard. "He never intended to marry you. He just wanted you to think that he did so you would turn yourself over willingly." He grinned, though it wasn't very friendly. "Now, Commodore Commack has both you and Aaron Donovan. He will bring the two of you to Port Royal and he'll hang the two of you together, to give a warning to all those couples who think crime can be romanticized."
With that, the other man forced her to turn around and forcibly led her back down to the brig.
---
"Ah!" Commack said with a grin. "There you are."
Aaron noticed Belle struggling against the men holding her and his black brows furrowed slightly. He tried to meet the young woman's eyes but she seemed to be intent on getting free from the men who were holding her.
"Make sure you put her in this cage over here," Commack said, indicating the unoccupied cell across from Aaron's. "We don't want them to conspire together, do we? Aaron is notorious for escaping, and who knows just how successful he might be with the help of Belle? No, put her in the empty cell. A house divided will soon fall, hmm?" He glanced over at Aaron, his lips curling up, though the look on Aaron's face was anything but amused. "But we shan't worry about that, will we boys? Those that engage in the acts of piracy together will soon die together. I say, it's pretty romantic, is it not?" He glanced over at his men. "You had better see if you can find her sister. Let's hope piracy hasn't tainted her…" He let his voice trail off before locking eyes with Belle. "…purity."
Belle growled, slamming her hands on the bars and tightening them around the cool metal. "Don't you dare, Commack!" she exclaimed, her whole face entirely red and her murky green eyes flashing dangerously. "I swear, I will track you down. You will not harm her, touch her, in any way."
Commack laughed such a barking laugh that the men surrounding him couldn't help but join in. They were afraid of what would happen if they didn't.
"Listen to this, gents," Commack said as he headed over to the entrance of the brig. "Apparently, she thinks she is much stronger than we are just because she is a pirate. Bloody stupid thinking, if you ask me. Send Streep down here to take the first watch of the prisoners…" With that, he and his men headed back up the stairs, leaving Aaron and Belle alone momentarily.
"What's happened, darling?" Aaron asked in a low voice, throwing his gaze over at the obviously distressed woman. "I thought –"
"It was a trick," Belle said flatly, looking back over at the pirate with a defeated look in her eyes.
"A trick?" Aaron asked, not understanding.
"They only wanted to catch me defenseless," Belle told him. "They wanted both of us together all along. They want to hang us." She sighed almost desolately, her eyes looking out the dank, dirty floor beneath her feet, her hair falling in her face to prevent Aaron from staring at her.
"Love, don't look down," Aaron said, hoping his voice would be somewhat reassuring. "We can escape."
"And how exactly do you propose to do that?" Belle asked, lifting her head up, though only slightly.
"Why," Aaron said with a dark smirk, "we'll walk right out of the brig and onto the deck."
---
Without warning, Belle began to shriek. Streep, a junior member of the Royal Navy, and barely twenty, was currently assigned to stand guard over the two prisoners. He was still somewhat naïve, and very intimated to be looking over one of the most prominent figures in criminal history. So for the first fifteen minutes of his shift, he looked at his feel or the walls; anywhere, really, where the pirates were not in his line of sight.
However, when Belle started screaming, his blue eyes snapped up.
"Oh, there's a rat!" she said, her cheeks flushing. "Will you please get rid of it? I know it sounds rather silly, but I am deadly afraid of the vermin." She fluttered her eyelashes and offered him what she hoped was a charming smile before coiling a golden strand of hair behind her ear.
Though Streep knew this woman was an accomplice to acts against the Crown and almost certain she was Donovan's lover, he was transfixed by her beauty, and without thinking clearly, reached for the keys hanging from his belt and started to open it.
"Oh thank you," Belle said, once the man stepped inside. "It's just over there…" She pointed gracefully to a corner of her cell shrouded by shadows.
Streep walked over and bent down, his eyes trying to search the darkness for a familiar silhouette of a rat, but she must have been mistaken because… It was then that Streep felt Belle slowly ease the keys off of his belt, but before he could react, he felt her foot against the small of his back, kicking him forward… And then everything went black.
Belle wasted no time. She eased out of her cell and slammed the door shut so the poor Navy man, currently unconscious, was locked inside. Aaron grinned wolfishly at her, finding the way she tried to flirt with the boy quite humorous. It took a few tries due to the many keys littering the key chain, but after a long moment, Aaron's own cell door was opened and both were free, at least for the time being.
"We need weapons, doll," Aaron drawled, going into planning mode. It always fascinated Belle to see how easily Aaron could switch from lover to criminal mastermind in a manner of seconds.
The brig happened to also be where the Navy kept a slew of their weapons, and before Belle knew it, she had a cutlass in one hand and a pistol in the other. She wasn't sure what was waiting for them up on the deck, but one thing was for certain; she was prepared.
"Stay behind me, love," Aaron instructed her as he eased his frame at the foot of the stairs. "And be careful."
"Always," Belle murmured in response, causing Aaron to smile a small smile.
He waited for a long moment before finally heading up the stairs. He paused, reaching the top steps, but surprisingly, this side of the ship was deserted. If Belle could guess, Commack and his men were probably celebrating their double-capture in the galley, drinking an excessive amount of alcohol. For whatever reason, this seemed to relieve Belle because there would be no confrontation. When she looked at Aaron, however, she realized he might have wanted a fight to break out, if only to give him an excuse to do bodily harm to the man.
"Now what?" Belle asked quietly, for even though she couldn't see anyone, she did not want to tip them off.
He gave her a flat look over his shoulder. "You always seem to underestimate me, my darling," he murmured in return, his tone taking on slight offense. He tilted his head up so Belle could see a row boat floating a safe distance away with two familiar bodies. Aaron then grabbed Belle's wrist and led her up the banister of the ship. He turned to her. "We need to jump off to reach them," he informed her. "Are you ready?"
Belle glanced over at him and took his hand in hers, before nodding. Aaron smiled at her, and then, simultaneously, the two stepped off the edge and fell into the sea. In a manner of moments, the two broke for air, and without any formal warning, Aaron pressed Belle into a passionate kiss. It felt so good to have her in his arms again, to taste her lips. She giggled through the kiss, and even he couldn't help chuckling. The two were safe, at least for now.
"Oy!" Rick called from the rowboat, before rolling his eyes at the scene in Brylee's direction. "How about the two of you stop getting intimate in the ocean lest you want to get caught again!"
The two pirates finally broke apart from each other, Belle blushing, and started to head over to the boat.
They were free once again.

Epilogue
Brylee looked at herself in the full-length mirror, frowning a bit as she tried to push the worries she was currently fretting about to the back of her mind. She pressed down on the white beaded bodice with shaky fingers, cocking her head to the side. She was trying to study herself in the mirror, trying to make sure she looked classic, beautiful, stunning, especially since it was supposed her big day. Her eyes glanced over at the large balcony window, staring into the sunset-painted sky almost wistfully.
When was the last time she had seen her sister, or Aaron for that matter? It had to be at least a year. Brylee was now almost twenty-two, and Belle's late November birthday had recently passed a couple of weeks ago. The place Brylee now called home was none other than Port Royal. She had left Aaron's crew a few months after the whole situation with Commodore Dustin Commack, but she didn't leave alone. Rick decided to accompany her, and soon afterwards, he proposed. Because of the length of time he spent with Aaron's crew, he accumulated a great deal of wealth and could easily pass for a merchant from the Americas. Her parents loved him when they first met him, and when they saw how in love with him she was, it suddenly didn't matter that she wasn't marrying Commodore Commack.
They never mentioned Belle.
After Brylee had left, Belle had gained notoriety alongside her pirate lover, accompanying him on each and every mission. She was wanted as a pirate, and if she was caught, she would no doubt be hung. However, despite the warnings, Belle and Aaron would occasionally visit Port Royal, checking in on Brylee and Rick, and stopping by her grandfather's grave site every year in order to honor the anniversary of his passing.
Brylee was constantly worried about her sister's safety, and it always relieved her when she saw Belle. Rumors were running rampant in the streets of Port Royal about how Aaron and Belle were killed, were captured, had escaped, were dining with His Majesty, that Belle was pregnant, that the two were going their own ways, that they were getting married. Brylee tried not to pay attention to them, but occasionally they would get the best of her and she would take the time to get all of her emotions out. She couldn't go to her parents, for even though they loved their eldest daughter, she was the reason they had fallen out of the King's favor.
"Not tonight," Brylee said, rolling her eyes up so the tears currently gathering on her eyes' edge would not fall. "Please, just not tonight."
It was an odd thing, to get married at night, but Brylee hoped that it would dissuade a number of people from coming. She was especially hoping the Royal Navy didn't come, because even though both Rick and Brylee had been cleared of piracy charges, Belle and Aaron hadn't. The Navy might assume Aaron and Belle would come to the wedding which might cause the Navy to ruin her wedding.
Would they come?
Brylee wanted nothing more than for her sister to show up, but at the same time, she hoped Belle would stay far away. She would never be able to forgive herself if her wedding was a prelude for Belle's capture and resulting death. But still… Her eyes darted over to the window once again before she pulled them back to the mirror.
She sighed through her nose, rubbing down transparent wrinkles on her dress.
Oddly enough, Brylee wasn't nervous about getting married, taking the final step, as people say. She knew she loved Rick with all her heart and knew that he felt the same way. In fact, now that she allowed her mind to relax, she could think about what would be taking place in the next few moments. She felt her lips curl into a smile, looking forward to spend the night with Rick, enjoying their wedding night and living in a euphoric haze for the next few weeks.
"My, Brylee," a familiar voice murmured from behind her. "I don't think I've ever seen you look so beautiful. Rick is a very lucky man."
Brylee's face immediately lit up and she turned to see her sister standing there, giving her a coy grin. "Oh Belle, you came!" she said with a delighted smile, wrapping her arms around her sister and pulling the older woman against her tightly.
"I cannot stay for the wedding, Brylee," Belle murmured, taking a step back and looking at her sister. "Aaron and I are to be leaving soon, going who knows where, but I needed to see you."
"Oh Belle, I've missed you so much," Brylee replied, her blue eyes pooling into Belle's. "I am so glad you came, even though it must be a great risk to you and Aaron." She furrowed her brow. "Speaking of which, where is the pirate captain?"
Belle smiled wistfully at the mention of her lover, but her murky green eyes rolled up to the sky before returning to Brylee's. "He is probably invading Rick's room the way I am invading yours," she said. "No doubt with the intent to give him some advice about marriage though Aaron has absolutely no experience when it comes to being betrothed to someone."
"And what about you, dear sister?" Brylee asked, obvious curiosity imbedded into her voice. "Are you and Aaron going to take the next step? Are you two ever going to get married?"
Belle shrugged. "Who knows?" she asked honestly. "Oh, but Brylee, I am so happy you are, especially since you are doing so with Rick. I feel love shine between the two of you and know that you will be so happy together."
"I know," Brylee said with a grin.
At that moment, the two suddenly heard little taps against the closed balcony window. Belle immediately felt her body tense and she slowly slid over to the glass. However, she could see Aaron standing below the balcony, tossing pebbles against the window. Belle glanced at her sister over her shoulder and beamed before turning back around, opening the window, and heading out onto the balcony.
"But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?" Aaron asked, glancing up and locking eyes with Belle. "It is the East, and Juliet is the sun! Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon who is already sick and pale with grief!"
"My name is Arabella, thank you very much," Belle said, though her face was tainted red and a smile was still scrawled on her face. The young woman looked over her shoulder once more at Brylee, who was trying not to cry. She glanced at Aaron before heading back inside and holding Brylee tightly in her arms. "I must go now, Brylee," Belle said softly. "But please, do not cry. Do not worry. It is like Papa told me in the note. No matter what, I will always be with you. Today is your happy day. Please do not shed tears on my account."
"I do not want you to go," Brylee said, and though she had been successful the entire day, the tears now began to fall.
"I know, my love," Belle murmured, trying to keep her voice as soothing as possible. "But I must say goodbye, though it will not be forever. Think of it this way, Brylee. We are both starting new adventures, and though we are on different paths right now, we will meet again."
With that, Belle squeezed her sister's frame once before releasing Brylee, heading onto the balcony, and dropping back onto solid ground. Aaron wrapped his arms around Belle and kissed her forehead before he turned her frame and the two started heading back over to the docks. At first, the two were silent, though both had questions milling around in their heads.
"Do you ever want to get married, darling?" Aaron asked, his arm dangling off Belle's slender shoulder.
"With you?" Belle pretended to think about it for a long moment. "I am not sure…"
"I'm serious, love," Aaron said, glancing over at Belle's face with his warm, brown eyes. "Would you ever want to marry me? The big dress, the priest, the wedding night, and everything in between?"
Belle stopped walking and made sure to lock eyes with the man before her to ensure that he knew she was serious. "Marriage is not required for my happiness," Belle told him, the full, low moon casting a glow around the couple. "But you, my darling, most certainly are, and right now, I am excessively happy."
Aaron was pleased at Belle's choice of words, and his smile revealed just how delighted he was. He bent down and quickly kissed her passionately. Though they had been together for a while now, Aaron was certain he would never get tired of kissing her soft lips. And even if she had told him she wanted to get married, he would have proposed right then and somehow thrown together the wedding of her dreams. But hearing that it wasn't necessary caused Aaron to fall in love with her even more than he already was, a feat he originally thought was impossible.
Then again, he should have known the woman before him was full of surprises.
"I am thinking about embarking on another adventure, doll," Aaron said, his voice low and husky. His hand was cradling her cheek and his thumb was caressing her skin. "Do you want to take that ride with me?"
Belle looked at him for a moment, trying to read Aaron's eyes. "Yeah," she agreed with a smile. "I want to take that ride with you."

Acknowledgments

First and foremost, this was the first pirate novel I’ve written, and its spiraled from there.  I promised myself I would write a good one – with more than just sex and romance, and I feel I’ve accomplished that with this book.  So thank YOU for downloading it, taking a chance, and reading it.  It means so, so much to me.

To all the readers and reviewers on Fictionpress, you’ve given me the courage to pursue my dreams.  I’m so grateful for your support.

To my mom

To my brother

To my amazing cover designer, Katya Sarria.  Your designs and creativity are so eye-catching and unique!  Thank you for working with me.  I stuill can’t believe what you come up with, and it always exceeds my expectations!  (http://www.katyasarria.com)

To my kids, who inspire me.

To my husband, who gives me insight and inspiration, and teaches me to be a better person.  Thank you.  I love you.

Other Works by Heather C. Myers

Somerset Series
Marked Territory
Tempting the Flesh

Four Sides of a Triangle

Sassiness & Sarcasm: A Love Story

Blood on the Rocks

Corsets & Crossbones

Save the Date!

And keep an eye out for The Dark Paradise Trilogy and Stranger Series, to be published by Anchor Group Publishing.  The first books from each series, Awaken and Stranger, will be released through them August 2015.


Did You Like Heroes & Thieves?
As an author, the best thing a reader can do is leave an honest review.  I love gathering feedback because it shows me you care and it helps me be a better writer.  If you have the time, I’d greatly appreciate any feedback you can give me.  Thank you!

Be The First To Find Out When My Next Book Comes Out.
I’m always writing, always publishing.  Sign up for my newsletter where you’ll receive alerts about upcoming releases, giveaways, and advanced copy opportunities by filling out this form: http://eepurl.com/0vqLX  I also give quick writer’s tips and provide exclusive offers to my list for working with me!

Warmly,
Heather

