Tom the Berserker 
Book Two: Deathless
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2013
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Beginning Book Two:

Tom felt tiredness hitting him while scanning Ajax’s mind. He eyed Ajax fully grown son of Aja and son of Horus no longer known as Osiris. He was having the Banshee ability forwards within him and sensed the male had passed out from nothing sensed in his mind. He willed away the Banshee and walked out of the male’s bedroom. He took a familiar route to the familiar room for the death and can’t be wakened taking a tubal hallway to get to there that showed darkness all around him despite his night vision. He reached the room only to get blocked by Mesen as he was dubbed. Mesen was some creature that made him disgusted always clad in a robe and towering over him with two ropes as his arms. He eyed Mesen with disgust running through him who pointed a ropey arm at his head making him grimace fully while speaking his familiar gibberish language. He sighed and willed forwards the Banshee. He found himself understanding Mesen after always willing forwards the Banshee through. 
Mesen he eyed spoke “Someone unsure who told the High Council just prior to them going into sleep cycle that you were sleeping in here with your Thura for a lengthy period of time repeatedly over and over. The High Council has sent a servant to me with orders from them to keep you out of the room issuing firmly that that you're sleeping in here has to stop. You’re to sleep elsewhere.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Mesen’s words as Mesen abruptly grabbed him by the arms and lifted him up strong strength. Mesen wound up to Tom's annoyance, appearing to be immune to his mental orders despite the Banshee in control. He grunted struggling to free himself as Mesen reached the door to the room threw him backwards out through the doorway into the tubal hallway with doors shutting. He willed away the Banshee and tiredly curled into a ball and shut his eyes feeling like passing out unconscious. Only to come to feeling his arms grabbed and yanked into a standing position while hearing familiar growling noises along with a hand slapping him on the cheek. He forced open his eyes to find Anubis there with the Falcons restraining him. He was forced down the tubal hallway to a doorway and forced through. He found them taking a route to his familiar bedroom and forced inside. 
He heard from Anubis speaking in a loud whisper “Don’t give the High Council an excuse to put you down due to your obsession with that female. They have put down assassins before when it was apparent they couldn’t do their orders. Due to having an obsession they couldn’t drop no matter how ordered by the group using threats or not.”
He didn’t comment as Anubis added “Mindbender please don’t let the High Council have you put down despite some nasty people from Uzan communicating to them to do it repeatedly with begging and threats.” 
He stiffened hearing the word Uzan as Anubis kept talking “The people from Uzan don’t get it that you're valuable worth being alive. You’re a living being with feelings their not getting it due to some anger towards you. Just wish those people would drop their angry attitude and leave the High Council alone when it comes to matters involving you and your right to live. It’s wrong to demand a person’s death despite being angry at the person. Something the High Council hates and avoids doing that period.”
He didn’t comment as Anubis and Falcons faded from view. Tom felt himself still tired went to the bed and laid his form down shutting his eyes. Only to open them when a hand Keo like clamped over his throat but not in a choke hold. 
He glared at the Keo who spoke loudly “Ah Anubis isn’t kidding on what he said regarding the natives of Uzan. Your son you fathered with this female Thura has reached adulthood and has been asking too many questions related to his parents. He was told that you killed a Keo and harmed others as well as a result was exiled from Uzan off planet and forbidden to return. Your son in question after being told has given off some attitude that the Keo made a mistake exiling you. He has said that the Keo killing was the fault of your Keo raiser not properly getting it what you were suffering from as in those drugs. Along with the addiction giving you an angry temper and that the death could have been prevented. Your son has been loudly heard among the Uzan natives accusing the Queen for not preventing the Keo’s death. He mentioned that the Queen with her powerful mind link was enough to stop you from attacking the Keos and stop you from killing one of them. She has failed to do it and also accused her of purposely letting the death to happen as an excuse to trash you to the natives and get you exiled from Uzan as a result.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the Keo paused to remove his hand from his throat and straighten up his form while folding his arms and adding “As a result Uzan’s Queen has angrily retaliated against the accusations by sending communication messages to the High Council. Mostly with demands in both begging and threats to have you put down on a permanent basis repeatedly. The group has balked doing. I heard from other Keos that the High Council’s balking from their attitudes is a result of spiting my species. It's due to us doing things around here the group has expressed displeasure about.”
Tom frowned as the Keo kept talking “Ah our Queen on Shadan when she heard the Uzan’s Queen’s demands has managed to present herself to the High Council just prior to them going into some sleep cycle. She told the group that she’s giving them permission to scan her mind. Adding to the Meritanians to keep other Keos out for she had information she didn’t want us to know of. The High Council from the looks of it appeared to have agreed to her request and scanned her mind seemingly lengthy from that then the group ordered Ramses to transport her home which was done. After that the High Council ordered Ramses to put you to sleep. Everyone here was told that you were to be kept alive at all costs period which the Meritanian did. Due to seeing you sleeping just prior to Anubis and guards waking you up.” 
He frowned hearing the Keo’s words as the male faded from view. He felt himself still tired shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. Tom dreamed of a forest looking familiar lighted by a green light. He walked till he reached a cliff over looking a vast forest of trees far in his eyesight. Tom felt compelled to stand while hearing chains rattling sounds along with something clamping on his wrists and ankles keeping him from taking another step forwards. He eyed the forest down below to see a bright light shined that appeared to be rising towards him. He eyed seeing the light formed a golden globe that reached the cliff and stood in front of him. The globe reverted showing Thura standing next to a male figure he recognized as a Drainer. He sensed himself happy to see Thura. Tom felt himself still restrained from the chains holding him or getting near her for a hug. She he saw had a frown on her face. 
He eyed her as she raised her hands and finger spelled him recognizing the language and understanding what she was saying “Tom stop being obsessed with me now please. It’s not what I want from you so stop it, it ends period.” 
He stiffened at her words as she continued to finger spell “I can’t have you obsessed with me. It’ll destroy you and end your life like what some people have been trying to achieve so stop it now.” 
Tom continued to stiffen further as Thura kept finger spelling “Tom, you alive is worth more to me and your sons who are still living. Your sons has expressed that view. Someone else has been seeing you as someone valuable despite people’s negative views towards you. So stop the obsession towards me now. It ends period. I warn you that the Keo whether they admit it or not or like it or not need you alive period. You being alive is helping the Keo face problems hitting them and that your living status keeps them alive as well. Remember what I said Tom and don’t forget it.” 
He felt sadness hitting him abruptly as the scene went black. Tom found himself lying in his bed with the feeling running through him and curled into a ball feeling tears trickling from his eyes. He allowed the emotion to take control while putting his hands on his forehead and shaking his form. He continued to weep seemingly lengthy then the eyes stopped watering abruptly. Tom felt some deadness feeling that was hitting him stop. He felt a dam burst inside him and felt himself becoming more alive hitting him. 
He mentally spoke realizing that Thura wasn’t kidding with her words “Goodbye Thura, I release you from me to move on and have another life as you see fit.”
He felt himself becoming calm as an image of Thura flashed in his mind showing her smiling while waving a hand in a goodbye gesture and then the scene went away. Tom felt himself adjusting his position from its curled into a ball status to lie on his back fully on the bed with hands clasped on his stomach. Tom felt himself needing to sleep which he passed out unconscious. 

Tom came to sensing his mind scanned while feeling himself lying on something hard like stone felt on his back. He opened his eyes to see standing next to him was a Banshee with four pointed knobs on the head his senses told him was the Banshees’ Queen. He eyed her with a frown as he saw her point a clawed finger at him then jabbed it at herself. Tom figured she wanted his Banshee ability forwards obeyed and saw her stop the pointing gesture. 
He heard her mental voice in his mind “Your Keo raiser has admitted to making mistakes when raising you. The High Council pointed out very strongly that it was not the right thing to do. The High Council has lectured your raiser very sternly that the Keo should have realized things regarding you. The group pointed out along with teaching ways of using the Meritanians living on Uzan to serve the planetary world’s rulers to do things for them as ordered. It's like the group’s doing with the Meritanians on this world.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the Queen continued her mental talk “Your raiser has managed to make a face to face meeting with the High Council. After word got out that a ruler from Uzan has through messengers told the group to have you put down using various methods of telling including begging and threats. The raiser got the group to scan the raiser’s mind very thoroughly sharing everything the Keo knows about you from raising you. The High Council once the scans were done ordered you to be kept alive at all costs. They had Ramses say it to the others as well with no explanation given for the order despite asked which the group put off giving one.”
Tom frowned hearing that as the Queen continued talking mentally “I admit it that my people have told me that you being alive and treated in a polite way by the High Council. It have given them a reason to not to declare war on the group and servants or causing deadly permanent damage to the group’s home. I’m pretty sure that the High Council knows of this. They ordering you be kept alive at all costs. It's due to that this knowledge was fully in the mind of the Keo they scanned thoroughly.”
He kept his mind blank in response as the Queen stopped talking and raised her head to look elsewhere. He found himself compelled to will away the Banshee. He did then got up to stand while noticing the Banshees’ ruler back away to stand near other Banshees in a semi circle. He blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a familiar bedroom. 
Tom heard a male voice sounding behind him in Basic “This is the Listener’s nesting room so leave now.” 
He looked to spot a Listener. 
Tom spoke in a polite tone “Excuse me why can’t Ramses transport me to my own room instead of your room. It’s apparently annoying you.” 
He heard from the Listener “Actually I heard passed down that my people hate unannounced visitors and residence people showing up here without announcement. That along with them being transported in the barroom so figure that out now.” 
He exhaled a breath figuring out that Ramses transported him to the Listener’s nesting room so the Listeners there would know of a person’s arrival and announce it to the others. 
Tom spoke “I get it what you’re talking about Listener, so excuse me.” 
He heard nothing from the Listener but the male pointing a finger towards the bedroom’s entrance. He walked out to spot a Listener in the hallway seated on the floor back to the wall that spotting him got up and darted into the barroom with doors banging. Tom felt himself needing to take in nourishment went to the barroom. Tom went inside finding the familiar hallway Listener was jabbering away in Hammarabbi language to his species. The Listener heard talking about him seen coming out of the Listener’s nesting room. He ignored the chatter. Tom went to sit on a stool and heard from the bartender a question of what drink to take and whether it should be alcoholic or not. 
Tom sighed and figured he’ll avoid the alcohol for awhile spoke “Give me something not alcoholic please.”
He got stared at by the bartender. 
He added figuring that the Listener’s staring was a way of wanting an explanation “I’m not in the mood for alcoholic drinks. It's due to something personal bothering me. Believe me I’ll gulp that down instead of sipping it which is a no, no around here.” 
He gave the bartender a glare who bobbed his head then got to work preparing him a drink. He was handed in a gold cup seeing it held white liquid in it. Tom took his time drinking it down by sipping it with pauses between sips feeling himself getting much better from the nourishment within him. He once done place the cup down on the bar and twisted his form sideways from the bar’s front. Tom wound up facing the Listeners gathered at one end and eyed the monitor screens. That despite Nameless partially blocking one of them while sipping from a gold cup. He eyed them seeing them flash the same old various scenes of night skies while some had clouds seen. He felt his right ear itch figured Nameless was staring at him. He got up and went to the Shadonian to stand with arms folded sideways facing the male while still eyeing the monitor screens. Tom felt the itchiness stop. 
Tom heard from Nameless speaking in Basic as usual “They show you only what they want you to see so don’t expect anything from them.” 
He sighed hearing the familiar words from Nameless who always spoke them whenever the Shadonian caught him staring at the wall screen monitors. He heard an hmm sound from Nameless. Tom figured from the noise that the Shadonian wanted him to talk as usually giving off that sound whenever the male wanted him to speak to him. 
Tom spoke “Anything else I should know of?”
He heard from Nameless “Ah servants get bored when High Council, go into sleep cycle which varies on time length. Servants cause trouble around here when trying to amuse themselves along with some damage done. High Council when they awake has always woken up in a bad mood. It's due to knowing from the past that the servants suffer from boredom and have to fix the mess they cause trying to amuse themselves.”
He spoke again hearing an hmm from Nameless and recalled from memory of the Meritanians ordered to keep quiet when the High Council were in sleep cycle “Interesting perhaps the High Council should order the Meritanians to keep the servants from making a mess around here.” 
He heard from Nameless loudly “Ramses don’t you dare do that to Mindbender before I can tell him why his idea isn’t done by the High Council.” 
He heard a growling sound in his mind but heard it stop followed by Nameless speaking “Actually Mindbender, a High Council group tried to do what you said to the Meritanians before going sleep cycle. They woke up to discover that the plants have balked that order. The Meritanians have given various excuses to avoid doing that order to the group. To my knowledge the Meritanians’ balking is their way of needing a rest from serving the High Council doing their orders. Some I’m aware of that the plants don’t agree to but do them as ordered.” 
He spoke as Nameless paused “Oh-“
He was interrupted by the doors banging loudly and growling sounds heard in the room. Tom looked to see Barry kneeling on the floor with hands on it while still gripping his cane and looking in distress. 
He heard from Nameless “Mindbender, go help Barry. I’m busy. The Listeners won’t due to knowing them.” 
He exhaled a breath and obeyed unfolding his arms going to Barry to grip the male’s arm with both hands and with great strength hitting him lifted him up to a standing position. Tom felt the male lean against him which he assisted to a soft chair in the room. 
He heard from Barry in a groaning tone once the Builder was seated “A drink as long as it’s not alcoholic. I’m in too much pain to tolerate one now.” 
Tom went to the bartender who handed him a gold cup holding liquid in an odd color that reminded him of sunset. He carried to Barry and got the male’s hand grip onto it and forced the Builder to sip it while still holding onto his hand holding the cup. 
He spoke as Barry finished the cup’s contents which he released his hand hold on Barry’s hand on the liquid holder “You want to talk what happened to you?”
He heard from Nameless abruptly sounding very loudly “I wouldn’t ask Barry what ails him medically. I believe Barry hates talking about his medical conditions isn’t that so hmm?”
Tom eyed Barry while ignoring Nameless as the Builder looked at him and spoke “It's none of your business on what my medical conditions are. Despite me using a cane like an invalid so don’t ask again and stop forgetting about that. I’m getting sick of having to remind you about this bit, Mindbender so stop it now.” 
Tom spoke “Fine Barry. I guess that means you don’t need me to help you with anything else despite appearing to need the help.” 
He got from Barry “Mindbender, just stop it with you’re helping me attitude. I can take care of myself.” 
He spoke “As you wish Barry, excuse me.” 
He straightened up his form and twisted towards the monitors where Nameless was standing in front of them only to feel his left hand grabbed in a tight grip. Tom sensed the hand belonged to Barry. 
He looked at Barry who spoke sounding annoyed “Don’t expect me to pay you any favors for the assistance you gave me so drop that matter now.” 
He felt his hand freed and heard Barry speaking his familiar language in a compelling voice tone. Tom blinked his eyes to find himself in a jungle clearing with rain falling softly while hearing a familiar roaring noise. He recognized belonging to the Tee Dees. He felt annoyance take hold willed the Banshee forwards as Tee Dees came out of the bushes and walked around him in a circle. He mentally scanned the Tee Dees’ minds as usual to get the same thoughts of hunger and needing to feed. Tom felt one latch onto his shoulder. Tom stiffened from the pain of the bite felt then the biting stopped abruptly as Tee Dees he saw darted away going into the bushes out of sight. Tom gave up an Hmph sound and found himself out of the jungle facing a cylinder tube holding a First One male with long blond hair. He recognized was dubbed by the name of August by Barry who insisted on that name be used. Tom frowned seeing lightening hitting the tube. Tom eyed August’s face as if drawn to see his face had a glare on it while his eyes were open. The eyes were flaring from Shadonian all cloud color to Keo's night color back and forth as lightening continued to strike the tube. Tom frowned wondering what August was up to as lightening continued to strike the tube appearing to originate from above. He mentally scanned August’s mind. Tom found a see through wall in the male’s mind blocking him from scanning further. Along with feeling like needing to stop scanning as if compelled which he obeyed. Tom continued to eye August seemingly lengthy till the scene changed to find himself in a hallway with doors appearing to be thick sliding shut. He heard a loud roaring noise which was cut off by the doors shutting. 
Tom eyed the doors to hear whining squeals behind him along with Anubis’s whisper loudly saying “Drat the timing of this stunt by August. Only a Highlander ordered by the High Council can get August to quit his stunts. None of the servants won’t do this without High Council ordering them for their scared of August and have refused to give an explanation to me for this scared attitude whenever I ask them.”
He frowned at Anubis’s words as he felt a rumbling vibration that made him off balanced. Tom had to adjust his feet repeatedly till the rumbling stopped. 
He heard from Anubis “Ramses give off an Hmm sound if that was Lance Richard doing it.”
Tom exhaled a breath only to hear a loud groan sound within his mind. 
He again heard from Anubis “Ramses was that Horus doing it?”
Tom again heard the familiar groaning noise heard from Anubis again “Argh don’t tell me that was August doing it.” 
He heard in his mind “Hmm.” 
He heard a Hmph from Anubis followed by the gonoid head warrior speaking “Drat the timing of August to display something new while the High Council is indisposed-“
Tom frowned as he heard a click sound followed by Barry’s voice was heard interrupting Anubis “Cut the talk Anubis. This stunt by August was not expected but it proved what I suspected makes him deity like.”
He turned sideways from the door to find Barry standing nearby. 
Tom heard from Anubis “So talk on what you suspected now.” 
He eyed Barry who appeared to be staring at Anubis before the Builder spoke “I suspect that August has some kind of ability to absorb certain special abilities from people regardless of their species. He managed to figure that out hence the latest stunt he’s pulling at the moment but he’s still contained in the tube judging by what I’m seeing.”
He heard groaning noises sounding in his mind that sounded like the Meritanians to him. 
Barry paused followed by the Builder speaking sounding angry “Give off that Hmm sound Ramses if what I’m seeing is a false image put there by August himself.” 
Tom heard from Ramses “Hmm.” 
He heard growling noises from the Falcons at the same time followed by Anubis speaking “Their detecting some kind of loud noise in the room that’s bound to kill off people’s hearing abilities. They think August got the doors shut despite our presence in front of it. Those doors are programmed to open when sensing manoids in front of it. The doors are not doing any opening despite Mindbender in sensory detection view.” 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Ugh-“
He frowned as Barry cut himself off shutting his eyes and bowing his head before adding “Drat didn’t expect that from August. Now the weapon is useless.”
Tom willed the Banshee away and spoke “What weapon are you talking about Barry? I thought only Highlanders could bring August down.” 
He eyed Barry who raised his head opening his eyes and the Builder spoke “Oh fine I was using some First One hybrid with special abilities to bring down August whenever he causes the High Council and servants too much trouble. Unfortunately August figured out that he absorbs power abilities after being knocked out by people with those special abilities. Those abilities are appearing to be permanently within him with no way of removing them. He managed to figure out that he absorbed special abilities from the weapon. He is using them as communicated from Lance Richard yelling that to me.”
He heard from Anubis as Barry became silent “Can’t Mindbender, do anything about this?”
Tom eyed Barry who looked in his direction before speaking “I don’t think it would be a good idea for Mindbender to bring August down. I suspect that August would absorb Mindbender’s abilities and would be even more powerful than he is now.” 
Tom frowned as he heard the Falcons give off growling noises followed by Anubis speaking “That noise their detecting has stopped.” 
He heard the sound of doors sliding open looked and walked into the room followed by Barry and others. Tom wound up looking around to spot various cylinder tubes holding people in them looking intact. Tom felt compelled to walk in a direction. He obeyed till his eyes focused on something that made him think it was a cylinder tube without the walls on it. He felt his feet stepping on something that crunched underneath his feet. He looked down with a frown to see the floor was littered with various see through objects. Tom frowned seeing them break apart from his feet stepping on them. 
Tom heard from Barry “Argh, should have realized that August absorbed the Meritanians’ transportation ability after they admittedly knocked him out awhile back. It's due to wanting him to shut up with his chatter towards them-“
He heard Anubis interrupt “Barry, the triplets are still here contained in tubes.”
He eyed Anubis to see the gonoid head warrior staring in a direction. He looked to see three tubes each holding a blond female First One adult with a Highlander look on their faces and their eyes were shut. The triplets were showing some expression on their faces making him think it was fear. 
Tom spoke after willing away the Banshee form as Barry remained silent “Their facial expressions make me think their afraid of something while sleeping.” 
Tom eyed Barry off his left who he saw was staring at the tubes holding the females followed by the Builder speaking “August what the depths is going on with you? You always after freeing yourself do what it takes to free your daughters. This is odd that you're not doing it. Your daughters have some facial look that suggests something bad is happening to you that their afraid of.” 
Tom frowned hearing Barry’s words as there were groaning noises heard from Anubis and Falcons. He shifted to look at them seeing them having a clawed hand on their heads.
This was followed by the gonoid head warrior speaking “Shut up with that booming voice in my head and lower the volume. You don’t need to shout.” 
He continued to eye Anubis willing the Banshee through. Tom felt a compulsion to refrain from scanning the gonoid head warrior. 
The male continued with words becoming slurred “Oh be quiet now.” 
He frowned as Anubis and Falcons shut their eyes and hit the floor with forms still he sensed that they were still alive. He looked towards Barry who was twisting around in a circle repeatedly with eyes darting around when the Builder faced in his direction. 
Tom spoke after willing the Banshee away “He’s in the room somewhere isn’t he?” 
He got from Barry “August! Show yourself now! Don’t be a coward in hiding! I know you knocked out the gonoid head warriors! You did that stunt before repeatedly with the same results! Show yourself now!”
Tom eyed Barry who kept up his body movements but became quiet. 
He heard a loud male voice sounding odd to him speaking from somewhere in the room “Ah Barry, helpless without his favorite toy to help stop me.” 
He saw Barry stop his movements followed by the Builder speaking “Just show yourself now.”
He heard the male he assumed was August speak “You’re pathetic Barry who’ll do anything to keep me down on a permanent basis. I heard from a certain someone that you’re serving the High Council instead of doing what Edenia ordered you to do. What a shame you are Barry.” 
He heard nothing from Barry but noticed that the male had his eyes golden and an angry look on the Builder’s face. 
August he heard continued speaking “You’re even letting the High Council do what they want with this Lord of the Underworld instead of what Edenia told you to do towards him. Don’t deny it Barry. I know what’s going on around here involving what you have been doing. What you're supposed to be doing while living on this planet as ordered by Edenia herself. She gave you a second chance of living after sending you here. It’s too bad that you’re blowing the second chance Edenia gave you.” 
He heard a growling sound from Barry in response as August paused then the Builder shaking his head followed by shutting eyes and falling to the floor appearing to have gone unconscious. 
Tom frowned as he heard from August “Hmm what to do with you?”
He looked up eyeing a tube as if drawn figuring out that August was referring to him. As a naked First One male with long blond hair appearing to look wet came from around the tube. He recognized as August whose eyes flashed from clouds to night sky back and forth. 
Tom felt himself nervous unexpectedly as August gave up a First One shrugging gesture. 
The male spoke “Well they’ll be safe here anyway.” 
He frowned hearing August’s words as the male disappeared in a flash of light with a click sound heard. Tom eyed Barry asleep on the ground and mentally willed the Banshee form forwards. Tom scanned the Builder’s mind seeing it was cluttered with various images of scenarios popping up unexpectedly and withdrew from scanning him. 
He mentally spoke “Barry up.” 
Tom saw his order obeyed by Barry jerking his eyes open and sitting up in a fast motion with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
He mentally spoke broadcasting to Barry “August left me alone after knocking you out. He said something about they’ll be safe here and got transported out by the Meritanians.” 
He saw Barry look in his direction with a glare still on the Builder’s face as the male spoke “The High Council isn’t going to be pleased to hear this once they’ve finished their sleep cycle-“
Tom heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind abruptly “Argh someone, get the medics to the High Council now! I’m sensing them all in distress by them shouting at me to get the medics to them!”
He heard from Barry as Ramses became silent “Drat I should have realized what was really going on with the High Council when they had to go into sleep cycle. It’s August pulling another stunt again. He managed to gain power abilities of the Meritanians and knocked the High Council down enough to make them think it was a sleep cycle. Turns out he was shutting down their implants that keep them alive hence they screaming at Ramses to get medics to them.” 
Tom didn’t comment a response as Barry got up from the floor and gave him a glare followed by the Builder speaking “Will that state away now, Mindbender.” 
He obeyed willing away the Banshee form to fold his arms and heard from Barry “Don’t deny it that you scanned my mind, Mindbender.” 
He spoke “Fine I was trying to wake you up. I didn’t realize at first that mind scanning wasn’t necessary.” 
He kept his arms folded as Barry spoke sounding angry in foreign language using a compelling voice tone. He found himself back in a bedroom to find a Listener there. 
He spoke “Listener nesting room excuse me.” 
He got from the Listener pointing a finger at the door. Tom obeyed walking out and went to his bedroom going inside. Eyes staring at the floor while hearing it slid shut behind him to stiffen sensing something odd with the room. He jerked his head up and looked around. Tom heard it a faint sound of the shower running and felt compelled to remain standing staring at the open bathroom doorway. Tom stood lengthy then the shower stopped. He folded his arms eyes still on the doorway. Till a figure walked out he recognized as August wearing some kind of loose white long sleeve top and pants and slipper like shoes on his form with hair wet. He kept his mouth shut feeling himself nervous. 
August spoke “Hmm your unusual for a planetary native which I know that you’re not born on this planet.”
Tom continued to feel nervousness take hold as he kept his mouth shut. 
August continued talking “Anyway be seeing you around, Mindbender.” 
He watched as August disappeared in a flash of light followed by Ramses’ voice speaking loudly sounding in his mind “With regrets the current High Council all except two has passed away. The medics were too late to save the majority of them except the two who are still living. The two in case you want to know is one’s a sitting member who was currently in the infirmary getting a check up on well being and the other is a non sitting member who has some hybrid status that keeps this individual from being a sitting member.” 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that sensed a light show in front of him along with a hand gagging him on the throat in a tight hold. He saw the hand belonged to Barry looking furiously angry. He found his combative art movements to free himself met failure as Barry’s hold remained ironclad. This was followed by the Builder speaking in foreign language in a compelling voice tone. He found himself talking about finding August in his bedroom that used his shower and came out dressed in clothes. That the male commented that he wasn’t born of this planet then said some leaving comment before transported out. He didn’t comment anything further till Barry released him speaking foreign language. He found himself facing a cylinder tube holding a familiar male figure inside. He recognized as Jinks Montreal who the High Council referred as Horus now omitting the original Osiris title. He looked around noticing that he was alone but saw a Keo aka Freeloader as he called them appear with a whining squeal. Tom didn’t comment a response and noticed the Freeloader staring at the male in the tube. He willed the Banshee forwards and scanned Jinks’ mind sensing he had passed out unconscious due to seeing nothing. 
He mentally spoke “Jinks up.” 
Tom saw Jinks open his eyes and looked around. He scanned Jinks’ mind by saying his familiar command words of mind reveal. Tom saw clearly in the male’s mind some see through wall with some presence behind it. He sensed was sinister to him along with giving off roaring noises. He scanned Jinks’ mind. Jinks figured from his thoughts that he was contained in a tube with senses blaring and mentally sensed him putting the see through wall down. 
Tom mentally spoke “Wall up now.” 
He repeated the order at each time Jinks tried to pull down the wall till annoyance was sensed from the male. 
Tom mentally spoke “I would quit doing that if I were you, Horus.” 
He heard Jinks mentally speak “Who’s this that’s talking to me?”
He spoke with pride in his voice tone not caring about it “Just an assassin servant of the High Council.” 
He sensed disgust take hold from Jinks as he continued talking mentally “Ah that sense of yours is alerting you of your mind being scanned instead of the familiar head pain. Believe me I had that head pain before. I started having some sense telling me that my mind was scanned.” 
He heard nothing from Jinks mentally added the command for the male to sleep. 
Tom saw him shut his eyes and withdrew from scanning as if compelled only to hear Ramses’ voice sounding “Mindbender, Ajax has requested your presence for something I can’t say by his insisting so I’ll transport you to him if you agree to this.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine transport me now.” 
He saw the scene changed to find himself in the infirmary from the looks of it. Tom spotted a High Council member Ajax from mind scans standing nearby. With two masked Highlanders who told him off on scanning them mentally when he scanned their minds.
Tom mentally spoke to Ajax “Spill it what is it now.” 
He heard from Ajax mentally “Scan the minds of the deceased High Council members. Confirm that you’re not getting anything from their minds. Ramses keeps giving off some groaning noise each time the medics say that their mind organ is dead. He’s hinting about something going on. He has hinted that August when I asked is tuned to the Meritanians. August is the responsible party for the deaths of the current High Council group.” 
Tom obeyed going to a Highlander lying on a medical bed. Tom scanned the male’s mind sensing nothing coming from him. Till he felt compelled to touch his forehead obeyed and stiffened as images assaulted him mentally. He gritted his teeth and concentrated on the scenery. 
He mentally spoke “Clear up now!”
He saw the images stopped their jumbled status and formed into a High Council member seated on a throne chair underneath a spotlight who’s voice he heard spoke “We didn’t know what the sleepiness status hitting us was. We thought it involved going to sleep. We did that only to realize too late the cause was August putting our bodies into some frozen sleep status. By our implants keeping our bodies functioning barely enough to have us declared departed. I should warn you that August’s daughters managed to communicate to us during our sleeping status before frozen. That their father seemed to have undergone some personality change that have made them feel fearful. He seemed uncaring about people and various things around Shadan enough to cause some damage that can be deadly and permanent. His daughters claim that they have a brother who like them was carried at the same time named Augan. We have pinpointed as a Highlander First One hybrid with the same name original First One name of Augan McCool. We’re uncertain of his location and whether we have him in our possession. We’re uncertain on whether Augan is aware of his parentage or his sisters. It's due to not keeping contact with him in our presence instead having been using the Meritanians to keep contact for us-“
Tom frowned as the High Council member cut himself off giving off choking sounds. As there was a flash of light appeared besides the member showing August with eyes the same flashing and narrowed along with a hand up in fist. The member he eyed continued to choke. 
He mentally spoke “August, stop what your doing now!”
He saw August look at him throwing the fist in his direction. He found himself blocked from scanning the Highlander’s mind further by himself pushed out. Along with a see through wall appearing that didn’t show anything behind it. Tom shook his head removing his hand from the Highlander’s forehead to look off his side to see Ajax limply held by August having a hand on his neck. The Highlander escorts were on the floor appearing to be unconscious. He stiffened seeing August had a hand fisted aimed in his direction along with a look on the male’s face that suggested anger. 
Tom mentally spoke while eyeing August “Release the Highlander now. Let him live. You’re not a murderer.” 
He heard a siren sounding loudly as August he saw dropped Ajax then pointed the fist towards him. He stiffened feeling the Banshee willed away from him abruptly with him not doing it. 
He continued to eye August who spoke “This is not over.” 
He frowned as August disappeared in a flash of bright light as if transported out. Tom darted towards Ajax to kneel patting the hybrid on the cheek. He heard whining squeals sounding in the room. He looked up to see Anubis and Falcons in the room and noticed that they didn’t look happy. He heard a groaning noise from Ajax sighed and opened his mouth to talk only to see Anubis disappear followed by jungle coming into view. That along with a hand grabbing him on the throat lifting him to stand along with another hand grabbing his hair yanking his head up towards the tree canopy. He saw the hands belonged to August. 
He opened his mouth to speak only to feel a zapping pain from August who spoke in some sinister voice tone “Not one word from you or else.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and felt his breathing beginning to be cut off by August’s hand getting tighter and tighter only to feel himself released abruptly. 
He coughed bending down breathing deeply to hear August’s voice speaking sounding like choking to him “Identify yourself now!”
He straightened up his form to spot nearby was a male with long black hair appearing to be in a familiar style and length while having a Highlander appearance on his face. With eyes similar to August flashing from black to white and had First One ears seen. While dressed in black clothing with hands fisted one raised towards August who had a hand on his throat. August, Tom saw, appeared to be choking who repeated his words in the familiar tone. 
Tom mentally willed the Banshee forwards as if compelled. Tom eyed August and the male he assumed was a hybrid. 
To hear from the male a sinister voice “Mother doesn’t approve of your actions Father.” 
He stiffened hearing the word Father as the male continued “I’m surprised that you don’t recognize me, Father. Its me Augan your son who you fathered that my Mother carried with my triplet sisters at the same time and later died from the carrying.”
He heard a loud gasp from August along with choking continued and got ordered by Augan speaking “Mindbender, scan August’s mind to tell me what’s he’s reacting to my talk.” 
He obeyed to hear mentally in August’s mind “If you’re my son, then why did you let me and my daughters, your sisters be contained by the High Council instead of freeing us?”
He mentally relayed what August said to Augan who spoke still using his voice “Because I knew that you’ll be power mad and greedy for the power abilities. Enough to abuse it to cause destruction which you have displayed that attitude like I thought you would.”
He shifted to stare at August again mentally scanning the male’s mind to hear “You could have said something about that earlier! I would have done something about my attitude!”
Tom again relayed that to Augan who spoke “I recall my sisters telling you about that attitude when it was apparent you had it. You dismissed their talk as nothing and refused to hear more of it. I also recall one sister raised by you saw that attitude. She tried to get you to drop it which you refused to do it. Oh I did try to tell you in person while hiding my identity at the First One age of seventeen about that attitude you had. You punched me in response and refused to listen to me anymore. Instead walked away ignoring me along with again punching me in the face enough to knock me out unconscious when I kept on pestering you with talk on that attitude. Don’t deny what I said to you now. Mindbender, scan my Father’s mind and make him remember what I talked about.” 
He obeyed to do the mind scanning while hearing repeated denials from August. He ignored sensing the Meritanians were scanning the male’s mind from his senses blaring. Tom found the memories deep in August’s mind mentally spoke “Memory of subject Augan’s talk forwards to remember.” 
He heard a faint shrieking sound as he saw the memories within August’s mind come forwards. Tom sensed the male was screaming from them in his mind hence the noises. Tom withdrew from August’s mind sensing the Meritanians kicking him out by them blocking him from scanning further. He eyed August whose head was up face facing the sky with eyes shut and mouth open while hearing a faint shrieking sound. Sounding choked to him sensing that Augan was still choking his father. He watched as August fell to kneeling position while still having head up but quit giving off the shrieking noises. As the male’s mouth shut followed by head lowered and eyes opened appearing to be First One looking with eyes looking night sky colored to him while staring in Augan’s direction. Tom frowned as August gave up a coughing sound very loudly along with appearing to be gulping for air through his mouth. Augan came into eyesight view to stand inches away from his Father. Tom eyed them both to see August threw himself at Augan to see his face buried in his son’s front with arms gripping the hybrid’s sides. Tom wound up hearing a sound coming from the male. That made him think it was crying to him while seeing the man’s form shake visibly. He saw Augan look in his direction still showing the familiar black and white flashing eye color. Tom saw Augan raised a fist towards him. He blinked his eyes finding himself back in the infirmary belonging to the High Council. Tom wound up seeing various High Council members he counted about nine of them seated on the beds and saw that they were alive and sitting up awake. Tom got approached by one who got up and walked up to him. 
The member spoke loudly sounding like Ajax to him “Report on August’s status now and drop that assassin form and use your voice.”
He obeyed to speak using his voice “August has been neutralized by his son Augan who displayed similar power abilities as him. Augan revealed during the confrontation that his Father has some obsession towards in his words. Being power mad and greedy for the power abilities enough to abuse it to cause destruction. Along with himself and his sisters telling off his father to drop that obsession attitude. August didn’t listen to them instead kept on that. I managed with assistance to get August to remember his offsprings telling him off about having an obsession. He appeared to quit his power ability use and had some kind of breakdown while clinging to his son. Before Augan transported me out to here.”
He stopped his talk as a light show was seen off his left. He looked to see Augan and August still holding his son. Tom watched as a masked Highlander injected a syringe into August’s neck pumping the contents into it. Then removed it as the male slid off his son onto the floor appearing to be unconscious. Tom frowned as Barry appeared in a flash of light putting a hand on Augan’s mouth. Barry heard speaking foreign language using a compelling voice tone to see Augan jerk his head up and arching his back. Then saw Augan stopped the movements by sliding to the floor with Barry releasing his hold on his mouth. He stiffened with shock seeing instead of Augan on the floor, was Jinks who lay unconscious. 
He heard from Ajax abruptly “You owe an explanation Barry.” 
Tom frown eyeing Barry who spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone and saw both August and Jinks disappear in flashes of light. 
Followed by the Builder speaking in language he understood “I used Jinks as a vessel to hold August’s son Augan in a body jumping method to bring down his Father. I assure you that the situation of Augan inhibiting Jinks was controlled very easily by me using voice orders. I also assure you that Augan can’t inhibit Jinks or anyone else unless I order it. Augan at the moment is contained in a sleeper tube in the vicinity of his sisters just to let you know of that.”
He heard from Ajax as Barry paused from talking “You transported them both out so spill it where.” 
He continued to stare at Barry who spoke “Ah August to the Listeners’ nesting room for them to alert others when he wakes. Jinks, to an observation room so I with help of others can monitor him for any side effects from the Augan inhibiting. Along with seeing if he absorbed some power abilities from that.” 
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Ajax was heard “Barry, are you aware of what the Meritanians have been whining about for a bit. They stopped talking after they were told to shut up?”
He frowned further as Barry spoke “Yes I’m aware of them complaining of Lance Richard using earthquake power on them. From what I know of Lance Richard it seems that he’s furious with the Augan inhibiting issue. He is expressing his displeasure onto the Meritanians. I believe Ajax got knocked out asleep and had to calm him down from doing the earthquakes.” 
He heard from Barry again using foreign language in a compelling voice tone and saw the Builder disappear in a flash of light. He shifted his eyes to stare at one of the High Council members with a frown on his face. 
He heard from Ajax abruptly “Ramses, transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep.” 
He frowned as the scene changed to show a familiar bedroom. He saw was an observation room and spotted Jinks lying on the bed with Barry seated at the foot back to the male. 
The Builder spoke “Ah been expecting you Mindbender. Jinks, is in a talk with Lance Richard at the moment from the looks of him in a trance so scan his mind and tell me what’s said.” 
He obeyed willing the Banshee forwards and walked up to the bed stopping once reaching it. Tom mentally scanned Jinks’ mind seeing clearly the male through his eyes sight view Lance Richard having Freeloader's eyes. He appearing to gag his son by the throat from the looks of it. 
He frowned as Lance Richard spoke sounding angry he heard the words “Tell Barry that he’ll pay for that stunt of using my son inappropriately. I expect to not happen again.” 
Tom saw Lance Richard forced Jinks’ eyes shut as the view went black and found nothing in the male’s mind. Tom wound up to sense he had passed out unconscious which he withdrew and willed away the Banshee.
He spoke to Barry using his voice “Lance Richard was aware of me scanning Horus’s mind. He told me to say a message to you which is that you’ll pay for the stunt of using his son inappropriately. He expects to not happen again. He forced Horus’s eyes shut. Mow Horus is passed out judging by not seeing anything in his mind.” 
He got an Hmm sound from Barry who spoke “Ramses transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep now.” 
He blinked his eyes and found himself in his bedroom from sensing no Listeners in the vicinity. Tom felt himself tired which he went to the bed and laid his form down and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. Only to come to feeling a hand gagging him on the throat which he jerked open his eyes to see August leaning over him with First One eyes seen along with an angry look on the male’s face. Tom frowned as August spoke a question to him why he didn’t alert him of Barry using the weapon to pose as his son to bring him down. He heard August used some familiar words he recalled were inappropriate to say. He kept his mouth shut as August lifted him up to a sitting position along with grabbing his hair jerking his head up to look at the male. Tom frowned as August repeated his question with the familiar inappropriate words heard. 
Tom heard as August pause a male voice sounding in tone of a Shadonian like saying “Just say the question ‘Who are you?’”
He obeyed to see August’s eyes flash colors. Tom figured he said the wrong thing only to feel himself released from the male’s hand grips. He continued to eye August who backed away from him while giving off a growling noise with head bowed and hands fisted. Till the male hit the wall halting his backing. He continued to watch as August slid down to the floor still giving off his growling noises till he felt compelled to get out of the room. He obeyed to hear a roaring noise as he stepped into the hallway with the door sliding shut behind him. Tom exhaled a breath and went to the barroom to find Nameless there in his familiar spot without a cup in his hand arms folded. Tom saw that the Shadonian was alone in the room with no one else there. He without a comment went to Nameless to stand facing the bar back to the monitors with the Shadonian off his left with arms folded. 
He heard from Nameless abruptly after a lengthy silence “Interesting question you asked August, Mindbender. It seemed to have struck a nerve in August enough to get him to back off taking his angry mood out on you.”
Tom frowned as he heard the familiar Shadonian voice sounding abruptly in his mind as before as Nameless became silent “Hello Mindbender, its Nameless talking.” 
He saw Nameless cock his head and eyes narrowed. 
He spoke out loud “Nameless, your talents are getting me surprised each time their revealed.” 
He heard from Nameless using his voice “Yes I know of that surprised attitude, Mindbender. Oh I suggest you take a chair and get some sleep. August from my senses is quite furious at the moment. From knowing him won’t leave your room till he’s worked out a solution to his problem.”
Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and without a word went to a soft chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom wound up to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. He jerked open his eyes to find Listeners gathered around him and chair with one removing a hand from his shoulder. 
He eyed them with a frown as one spoke “Its time for you to get up and about, Mindbender. Oh August, according to Nameless is still contained in your room with no indication of wanting to leave. It seems that he’s still furious with a problem and hasn’t come up with a solution to do anything yet.” 
Tom frowned to give a head bob in a First One gesture to see Listeners walking away. He saw them went to their familiar spot near the bar and with a soft groan got up and went to the bar to sit on a stool. 
He got stared at by the bartender whom he spoke “Something not alcoholic to drink.”
He again got stared at by the bartender who didn’t budge a movement. 
He added “I figured out my problem which isn’t bothering me. So excuse me for asking for something not alcoholic. I’m just not in the mood to drink something like that.” 
He gave the bartender a glare that without a comment moved preparing a drink in a gold cup holding white liquid. He was handed and took his time sipping it feeling himself getting much better from the nourishment in his system. He halted his drinking when he heard a loud roaring noise looked at the doors to see no one and frowned as the noise stopped then he looked away.
Tom heard from Nameless abruptly “Ah seems August figured out a solution to his problem. He is furious with the results turning out to not be what he expected hence his bellowing.” 
Tom frowned hearing that heard nothing more from Nameless as he drank his drink. Once done got up going to his bedroom to find the August was gone from there. 
He heard a loud voice boom in his mind “I’ll get out!”
He stiffened recognizing the voice as August as there was silence. He went to the bed and laid his form down shutting his eyes and fell asleep to dream of Thura alive to him. He smiled in his sleep. Tom frowned as an image of her with all white hair flashed in his mind. She lying on a bed with eyes open and appearing to be still. 
He recalling being told by the High Council "Fingers is dying life ending by a medical ailment that hits manoids not sparing us."
He grimaced recalling on saying "Can't you save her like you saved me repeatedly via this healer?"
Tom recalled healed by a little female First One with Shadonian eyes wearing a raggedy dress repeatedly of various medical ailments hitting him. That mostly hit after he mated with various female First Ones as if compelled to do it by compulsion. Tom having mating urges hitting him. 
He recalled the High Council in response "Transport Mindbender out now!"
Tom grimaced fully in his sleep to recall the High Council always ordered him transported out. Whenever he mentioned the Healer he dubbed the little First One female with Shadonian eyes. He felt himself unable to sleep forced open his eyes to stare at the ceiling seemingly lengthy then shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. Tom woke up feeling like needing to drink badly. He got up and walked out going to the barroom to pause seeing Jinks stop his pacing. Tom found Jinks standing staring at his chest finding the male was shorter than him by height. Jinks, Tom saw looked up at him with some look in his eyes that wasn’t fear he normally got from First Ones he assassinated. Tom didn’t comment a response looked him up and down then went to a stool next to Barry.
Tom spoke speaking “Vodka now, bartender and make it snappy I’m itching to drink.”
He heard nothing from Barry or Jinks to hear click sounds of transportation and got handed his drink. He sipped taking his time feeling himself needing it. He once done got up and went to his bedroom going inside to lie down on the bed and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and passed out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling a butt of a stick hitting him in the stomach. He jerked open his eyes to glare at Anubis. He swung himself up with an acrobatic move and gave the High Council a frown to notice Barry standing nearby some look on the male’s face. That suggested concentration. Tom eyed Barry to hear the male speaking in foreign language using a compelling voice tone repeatedly over and over. He blinked his eyes finding himself in an observation room willing forwards the Banshee to see a familiar male he recognized as the Freeloaders’ Assassin Lord appear in a light show. 
Tom mentally spoke “Throw back, paralysis pinned.” 
He saw his order obeyed by Assassin Lord tossed backwards hitting the wall and appearing to have form pinned to there with stillness sensed. He heard soft squeals sounding three times and saw three Freeloaders. They were all appearing to be males appear charging towards him with fists and legs swinging. 
He mentally repeated his order seeing them hit the walls and added the words “Freeloaders die!”
Tom saw his order obeyed by the three Freeloaders giving up life he sensed. 
He shifted to stare at Assassin Lord and mentally spoke “Mind reveal.” 
He sensed the Meritanians helping him see clearly in the Assassin Lord’s mind memories of him as Horus getting memories of preceding Assassin Lords fully in his mind. 
He mentally spoke from the memories “It’s the mask that is causing that. It should be destroyed and end Assassin Lord’s rule.”
Tom found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
He willed away the Banshee to hear from Shad “Well Mindbender?”
Tom spoke from memory “The information of preceding Assassin Lords is clearly in Horus’ mind as I thought it would happen, High Council.” 
Onya he heard spoke “Interesting, Mindbender. So what have you found out hmm?”
Tom spoke again “The Assassin Lord title is male Freeloader originated as a response to an assassination of a Queen brought down by me doing the killing job.”
He sensed anger abruptly from behind him but ignored it as the feeling went away. 
He continued talking “It appears from mind scans of Horus that each Assassin Lord gains information from the preceding title holder mentally. It's whenever they hold the title. I’m unsure of how this is happening at the moment.” 
He added “The Assassin Lord’s minions did try to use a First One in the title before who didn’t retain the information. Instead was easily brought down by me doing it to him. Along with doing it to his escorting minions after Barry got them transported to you in a secure location.” 
He heard Shad speaking “Well very useful Mindbender. Thanks Horus for getting rid of a pesky problem. Anyway Ramses transport Horus aka Assassin Lord to a cell in the brig.” 
Tom frown sensing Jinks gone as was Barry as Shad spoke “What were you trying to tell us Mindbender from your voice tone?”
He spoke “It’s the mask that is creating Assassin Lords. Its got passed down gives the wearer the memories of preceding title holders-“
He heard Anubis’s loud whisper “It’s what I just told you High Council which Mindbender confirmed.” 
He gave Anubis a glare for interrupting him as Onya spoke “Anyway we have something for you to do Mindbender.”
He shifted to stare at the High Council as Onya added “That involved physically fighting Horus once the time arrives.” 
He smirk feeling himself fine with that spoke “I look forwards to that High Council.”
Tom shrugged off the sneering voice tone he used to speak his words as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Mindbender back to his sleeping spot and put him to sleep now since he’s going to need the rest.” 
He blinked his eyes finding himself back in his bedroom. Tom felt sleepiness hitting him frowned and hit the bed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Only to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek as he felt metal on his back that felt familiar and jerked open his eyes to see the familiar Highlander was there. 
He heard from the male “About time you woke up Mindbender. You’re required for a fight now.”
Tom smirked feeling his top off his form. He got up and followed the Highlander out of the room to the hallway. Out to the cage arena to stand waiting for the announcer to call him inside which he heard to find Jinks peering at him from behind a fence with Barry giving him a golden eyed glare. Tom went to one end of the cage room and held up his hands fisted eyes on the gated doorway. Tom while hearing the crowd giving off cheers and insults as a male First One was thrust into the arena and door shut behind the male. He eyed the First One who got up and saw fear in the male’s eyes that went to the doorway pounding fists onto it. Along with yanking at the doorway only to back away from it as electrical humming sound was heard by him despite the crowds’ yelling noises. He lowered his hands and sensed Jinks watching went to the First One male. Tom wound up reaching a hand towards him who darted behind him. He spun around only to get that happened repeatedly. He felt fed up with that stood with arms folded to feel his senses blare warning behind him. Spun around grabbing the First One by the throat and crushed his throat very hard sensing the male struggling before giving off death. He lifted him up dangling his feet and then sensed the fighter had died. He threw him at the gate towards Jinks to see him slid down. Tom raised his hands in fists and gave off a loud roaring noise of victory. Tom then halted his noises seeing Jinks and Barry in a conversation and appearing to not be paying attention to him. He walked up to them to stand behind the gate attempting to eavesdrop on their talk.
Only to get Barry looking at him flaring golden eyes and the Builder speaking “Something you want Mindbender since your eavesdropping?”
He saw Jinks shifted to look seeing him behind the gate with a frown on his face. 
He spoke “Just curious on someone’s point of view towards this fight anyway.” 
Tom heard from Barry “Go away and prepare yourself for another fight Mindbender. You don’t want the wagers to be unhappy losing money from you not doing whatever you do in fights.” 
He gave up a shrugging motion and walked away and left the gate going to his room to sit. Tom took sips from a cup of substance called milk according to First Ones giving it to him. He felt himself much better as his strength returned and remained full forced as the familiar Highlander arrived and ordered him out. Tom obeyed going into the cage arena to see with amusement Jinks minus a top thrust into the arena. He eyed Jinks with a glare as he fell onto the dirt ground. Tom saw the male gripped some dirt in his hand recalled a fight with an opponent who cheated using dirt thrown in his eyes in an attempt to bring him down. He used his other senses to fight him off. Jinks he saw gripped the dirt in his hand. Tom saw Jinks awkwardly got up to stand facing him. He formed a sneer and pointed a finger aimed at him while waggling it. Jinks he saw dropped the dirt then raised his hands up fisted glare aimed at him. He walked up to the male who struck out a foot aimed at his stomach only to get it caught by his hand gripping it. He felt Jinks struck out using the hand hold to raise him up striking his other foot at his head hitting home. Tom felt the handhold on the male’s foot released as the male jumped down onto the ground landing on his feet. He kept his eyes onto the fighter sneering look gone from his face turning into a glare. Tom saw Jinks shrugged in response as he struck throwing a foot aimed at the male’s head. The fighter ducked and felt a leg kicking at his standing leg feeling it hit home followed by hitting the dirt ground. He saw Jinks backed up in response to hear the crowd’s words become more insulting and jeering. He who swung himself up using a familiar acrobatic move and charged towards him while swinging fists. The male used some combative art moves to him to avoid his attempts to catch his feet by the hands swinging near them while being kicked in response. He swung his hands towards Jinks’ legs. Tom wound up to feel frustration as the male jumped and got away from his hands while resuming his kicking aimed at him still using combative art moves. He felt frustration take hold charge full body attack onto Jinks who darted aside leaving a leg. He tripped over it and fell towards the ground throwing his fists onto it. He gripped some dirt in his hand and got up with his familiar acrobatic move. He tossed aside the dirt into Jinks’ eyes that remained still and darted behind the male who kicked behind him as if sensing him each time he got behind. Tom heard a horn sounding loudly figuring that Barry had something to do with it.
Tom spoke “Go jump in a lake, Barry.” 
He watched as a Highlander carrying some bottle in his hand enter the arena and sprayed Jinks in the eyes with it. The Highlander darted out of the cage room which he heard the crowd ordering them both to fight. Tom eyed Jinks glaring at the male who shrugged and looked at him meeting him in the eyes and not showing any fear as usual. He struck out a foot aiming at the male’s leg. Tom got knocked onto his back by his free standing leg kicked. 
He swung himself up and mentally thought “Perhaps I should use the Banshee to kick his seat.” 
Tom heard from one of Meritanians mentally “That’s a no, no around here and not part of the rules so stop that thought now.” 
He obeyed as he charged towards Jinks with legs and fists swinging at the male. Jinks to his annoyance proceeded to use some combative art moves onto him blocking him. He found Jinks also kicking at him and using fists in response as if anticipating his moves as he fought. 
He heard the crowd become silent by a loud male voice yell “Cheater!”
Tom halted his movements as Jinks he saw did the same.
Tom heard from the announcer “Which one is the mind walker?”
He heard from the male voice “He is.” 
He heard a gun shot sound stiffened seeing a painful look in Jinks’ eyes as the male slid to the ground and fell unconscious from the looks of it with a bloody red splotch on the man’s back. Tom felt anger as he was compelled to walk out. He obeyed going to his room and shut his eyes once on the floor feeling anger running through him. He came to blinking his eyes finding himself back in his bedroom. He gave out roaring sounds of anger as he got up and charged towards the walls. He heard Ramses’ talking ignored the Meritanian. He continued to howl rages of anger along with pounding the walls feeling his mood fouler. He heard a click sound behind him spun around and charged towards Barry standing there. Tom on reaching Barry he heard the Builder speaking his familiar language and compelling tones. Tom felt himself frozen along with the male having a choke hold on his neck which made him gag. 
He gagged out in a whining tone “It’s not fair I should have defeated Jinks easily.”
He continued to whine ignoring Ramses sounding in his mind “I want what Jinks used on me. I want it now.” 
He struggled against Barry’s ironclad hold on his neck seeing the Builder’s eyes turn golden along with a glare on the male’s face. Barry he felt kept up his hold as he struggled in vain to free himself. 
He thought of willing the Banshee forwards only to hear from Barry sounding angry “You’ll cease this behavior now.” 
He heard from Ramses concentrating on the Meritanian “Jeez Mindbender your whining isn’t going to get you anything around here especially freed from Barry’s ironclad grip on your neck which believe me no one has succeeded in getting out of.” 
He frown hearing the word ironclad emphasized as Ramses continued “High Council I suggest you lay off having Mindbender in your presence till Barry says so period. He’s currently acting childish at the moment and Barry is trying to get him to act grown up like.” 
Tom roared out still in a gagging tone “I’m not a child and stop treating me like one!” 
He heard from Barry “As soon as you grow up, Tom.” 
Tom stiffened hearing his name from Barry shifted to stare at the Builder keeping himself quiet as the male continued talking “Those fights were a lesson as ordered by me to teach you things so spill it on what you learned now!”
He obeyed speaking “I’m not undefeatable.” 
He heard from Barry “And?”
Tom heard the emphasized on the word and, spoke “Fine appearances are deceiving. I should have realized that Jinks wasn’t who he appeared to look like, puny and weak. When he’s strong and capable of footing my seat using moves I don’t have the training for.” 
He felt himself freed coughed bending down to hear from Barry “And what else did you learn, Tom?”
He breathed the air deeply and straightened up his form gulping through his mouth before speaking “I shouldn’t be a show off when it comes to fights. Despite doing it. Depending on my brute strength and big size to defeat opponents. Due to that I never know when one is like Jinks himself.” 
He breathed deeply through his nose as Barry spoke “Put on a top Tom and go get some nourishment. Make sure it’s not alcohol. Or else I’ll teach you another lesson period.” 
He bobbed his head in a First One yes gesture to see the Builder disappear in a flash of light. Tom went to the dresser to find a black top inside and yanked it out seeing it was his own top he took off and put on his form. Tom sighed and left the room going to the barroom. He got handed a cup by the bartender showing liquid one of the colors of the sunset. He recognized as medicinal drink forced himself to sip it slowly with pauses between drinks.  He once done stood up and blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room facing Jinks restrained by the Falcons and Anubis. 
He felt his mood foul willed forwards the Banshee to mentally order “Throw back, paralysis pinned.”
He found his order not obeyed by Jinks’ eyes turning all black and holding up a hand. He repeated his order. Tom wound up discovering the both of them out of the High Council’s throne room by the ocean water. He saw peering behind Jinks as he kept up his mental order finding it not taking effect. 
He snarled feeling himself frustrated “Die!”
Tom kept up the command finding his order refused to happen to Jinks who kept up the hand. He halted it to feel his internal shield blare making him jerk his head sideways repeatedly from that. He opened his mouth and gave off shrieking sound as Jinks again held up a hand. He gave off the Banshee’s famous screams causing the beach to jump between them repeatedly seeing it not take effect on the male. 
He heard from Jinks speaking in Basic as he halted the screaming “Spill it Mindbender, you’re angry. Is taking the anger out on me and whoever is in your path.” 
He felt annoyance take hold mentally scanned Jinks’ mind and spoke mentally as if compelled “Mind see don’t.” 
He felt the Banshee willed away and saw Jinks lower his hand. He charged towards the male only to see him throw his hands forwards. This was followed by the beach ground erupting all around him. It felt splashing onto him hard and raining down him making it hard for him to breathe which he halted his charge. 
Tom kneeled as the eruptions continued screamed out “Stop it now! I said stop it now!”
He felt the eruptions stop to his relief stood up letting the dirt covering fall to the ground.
Tom spoke out loud “Who the depths is you actually? I doubt that Horus son of Osiris is that proper anyway.” 
He frowned sensing something within Jinks communicating within the male. 
Jinks spoke “I’m dubbed among the First Ones deity lord Lance Richard who is also known as Lord of the Underworld ruler of the earth and gonoids.”
He spoke as Jinks folded his arms “Well that’s what the High Council tells me.” 
Tom willed the Banshee forwards to see Jinks again raise his hand and saw the male glaring at him. He saw a light show showing Barry speaking his familiar language along with it in a compelling voice tone felt the Banshee willed away. Along with Jinks’ eyes turning First One blue and saw the male grabbed by Falcons and Anubis having a hand on the male’s mouth. 
He exhaled a breath hearing from the High Council Shad speaking “Interesting that the beach got thrown everywhere judging by the looks of it. Mindbender looking dirty to us that despite the recorders gone out of service abruptly. You have any explanation to that hmm?”
Tom heard from Barry “Actually Mindbender used a new trick onto Jinks. It cancelled his mental form after throwing it at him. Jinks used his ground elemental powers onto him hence he looking dirty.”
Tom didn’t comment a response as Onya spoke “Alright, Ramses transport Mindbender back to his quarters for him to get cleaned up now immediately. We can’t have an assassin looking like that as our reason.” 
He frowned as the scene changed to hear a familiar voice speaking “This is Listener nesting room. Get out. Take your dirtiness out of here now.” 
Tom saw a Listener off his right. Tom obeyed to find a Listener in the hallway that did widen eyes seeing him and remained standing staring at him. 
He spoke eyeing the Listener “Never mess with Horus with dirt ground. He seemed to be able to control it easily like he did onto me.” 
He heard from the Listener in response “Don’t mess with the Lord of the Underworld when it comes to dirt ground. Rest assured that Tee Dees are immune to his powers and can easily screw him down.” 
He frowned hearing the word screw from the Listener. Tom figured that screw was one of the accepted vulgar words as ordered by the High Council for servants to use. 
The Listener he heard added “The Tee Dees will feed off the Lord of the Underworld anyway. That despite whatever use of powers he tries to use on them. They won’t work on them anyway.” 
He spoke “Interesting Listener considering I heard nothing from the High Council on this.” 
He got from the Listener “I was ordered to pay this to you from them.” 
He again frowned at the word pay figuring the Listener meant ‘say’.
He spoke “Fine. Excuse me while I go get myself cleaned up.”
He heard nothing from the Listener in response went to his bedroom. Inside stripped himself of his dirt stained clothes and dropping off his shoes and socks along with underwear leaving them piled on the floor. 
Tom with a groan headed towards the bathroom to find his way blocked by an appearing Freeloader who spoke “I’ll avoid the shower if I were you.”
He gave the Freeloader a glare who disappeared from view. He entered the bathroom and went into the shower stall. Then walked out to examine it outside finding nothing amiss then went inside carefully examining it. He sighed finding the Freeloader’s threat wasn’t valid. Tom turned on the water and jerked throwing himself backwards through the glass door breaking it while hitting the bathroom wall with a loud grunt. Tom wound up feeling his breath yanked out of him along with blinking his eyes and shaking his head. He gasped for air finding his breathing resumed and eyed the shower stall. Tom figuring out that the Freeloader must have used some sort of weapon onto him to get him thrown out. He willed the Banshee through to sense the Freeloader was in the doorway.
Tom mentally spoke “Hidden Freeloader down.” 
He saw his order obeyed by hearing loud grunting sounds. 
He walked out of the bathroom mentally speaking “Hidden Freeloader revealed.” 
He saw three Freeloaders lying on the floor groaning appeared. 
Tom heard from one of them “Banshee and water don’t mix Mindbender!”
He eyed the one who spoken with a glare mentally speaking “Why should I believe you? I was fine showering without the Banshee out for awhile.”
He glared at the Freeloader who eyed him back and heard from the male mentally “You’re not smart enough to realize that we’ve been drugging your drinks with some drug. That left a side effect of causing you to reject water like Banshees does to water as well.” 
Tom mentally spoke in response “Freeloader except one asleep now.”
He saw his order obeyed. 
Tom mentally added to the awaken Freeloader “Freeloader paralysis mind reveal.” 
Tom scanned the Freeloader’s mind to see clearly in the male in some hidden form dropping some pill into his drink which happened repeatedly over and over. He saw along with him spied on as he showered repeatedly and him giving off an electrical charge sense hence he warning him not to shower period. 
He felt annoyance take hold mentally spoke in a shouting tone “Ramses! Hear me now!” 
He felt his mind scanned and heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking sounding in his mind “Yah I know what your problem is fortunately the High Council already know of it and had managed to counterattack it but it left a side effect which you were warned about. Unfortunately that problem is going to be ongoing till one side in this war gives up on a permanent basis which I know will take a long time due to how stubborn both sides are feeling at the moment.” 
He mentally spoke “Then how do I get myself cleaned up from the mess Horus did to me?”
He heard from Ramses “Use the sink water smarty. It’ll work as always but the shower, you’ll have to forget using it for awhile till something is done about your problem which I’m not sure when it’ll be fixed anyway. So excuse me High Council want my attention.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses shifted his eyes in a narrowed glare aimed at the Freeloader who he heard mentally “We’ll prevail till you’re under our Queen’s thumb period, Mindbender.” 
He mentally scanned the Freeloader’s mind sensing the male was scared about something and speaking his words which was a lie. 
He mentally spoke “You lie, Freeloader.” 
He continued to scan the Freeloader’s mind who gave off insults. He ignored to see clearly why he was drugged. 
It was ordered by Alesia herself who he saw clearly in the male’s mind speaking “If I was to be taken down by Mindbender himself. Your to drug him with this drug into his drinks. The drug will make him weak enough to not to bring out his Banshee side. He'll be easily brought down in a physical battle by Keos fighting him.” 
He continued to scan the Freeloader’s mind seeing clearly her handing a male Freeloader his predecessor a bag of pills and saying “This is the drug that’ll weaken him. I know of no known drugs to counterattack it. Do what it takes to copy it and make more along with ordering others to do the drugging period. See that Thurin agrees to this since the Keo is his Father.” 
He stiffened hearing the Queen’s remark of Thurin being his Father. He continued to scan the Freeloader’s mind sensing the male thinking of biting down his teeth. He saw held a poison tooth for him to break and swallow. 
Tom mentally spoke “Nice try Freeloader I can see what you’re thinking and believe me you don’t have to worry about this at all.”
He continued to scan the Freeloader’s mind ignoring the male’s chatter of staying out of his mind. 
Tom saw clearly a Freeloader fashioning the Assassin Lord mask out of some drug weaved into it and speaking “This should be enough for whoever wears it to remember what the predecessor was thinking just prior to be killed off. Thurin will be seeing it'll take effect onto others wearing clothing items with that drug in it.” 
He saw a Keo looking familiar come into view and take the mask putting it on his head and speaking “Mark my words Keos that the Lord of the Underworld will wear this mask. They will see what I and others wearing it sees enough to fight for us including taking down Mindbender in the process.” 
He saw the familiar whip flashing along with lightening in the black background growled. Tom mentally sensed the Meritanians were scanning and kicking him out of scanning the Freeloader’s mind thoroughly hence the image seen. He saw the Freeloaders disappear in flashes of light. Tom willed the Banshee away from him which he went into the bathroom and turned on the sink water. He wound up finding the sink deep enough to stick his head underneath the faucet which he proceeded to do. Tom sighed finding himself clean from that raised his head to stare at the mirror. Tom stiffened seeing a female Freeloader behind him looking like the Freeloader’s Queen in front of the wall. He spun around seeing nothing there as water dripped down him. He mentally willed the Banshee forwards and scanned the bathroom sensing nothing and walked out sensing nothing in the bedroom. He walked back into the bathroom to will away the Banshee. He stuck his face in the sink filled up with water, Tom halted the water to use the sink holding it to splash his form over where he could reach and wash. Then once done dried himself and walked out to hit the bed feeling himself tired and needing to sleep. He pulled back the blanket and got into bed lying his form down. Tom shut his eyes pulling the blanket up to his chest and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up to dream of himself killing a Freeloader Queen. The scenario repeated over and over in his mind as he jerked his form all over while asleep. 
He mentally spoke realizing it was a dream “Stop it now, stop it now.”
Tom felt the scene went black. Tom jerked open his eyes while lurching up into a sitting position banging his head on something. He felt familiar pain hitting his feet to lay his form down. He felt the pain stop along with the bed moving out of the cylinder scanner to show a Highlander coming into view.
The Highlander spoke verbalizing his words “Ramses blabbed when ordered by the High Council to talk that you had a bad reaction to the shower water throwing you out. Despite warned by a Freeloader not to do it. You remaining asleep despite our attempts to wake you up. You were scanned and seen dreaming some scenario over and over.”
He breathed deeply through his nose and spoke “The Freeloaders I got them to admit them drugging my drink. Ramses said the High Council knew about it and was fixing it. He said that the drugging would stop once either side gave up the battle to some war.” 
He stopped talking to eye the Highlander who spoke “Actually Mindbender the Freeloaders I’m told have some obsession towards you as in getting you into their hands underneath their control. You’ve proved to be very valuable as a weapon to both the High Council and them as well.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the Highlander added “Now lie down and submit to the scans. It’s important to see what the Freeloaders have been doing to you despite our attempts to counterattack them.” 
He didn’t protest as the Highlander pushed him to lie. He felt the bed move showing the familiar cylinder into view. Tom felt the familiar pain hitting his feet. He mentally ordered himself to mediate feeling the pain travel up his form reaching his head. Then traveled up then stopped to his relief which he felt the bed move. 
He sat up with a frown eyeing the Highlander who spoke “Alright now get up and put the clothes on. Ramses will transport you to where you need to go.” 
He obeyed getting up from the bed to find a chair nearby holding clothing and shoes. Tom proceeded to put on finding that they were a clean version of his original clothes and shoes. Tom sighed feeling himself much better. He blinked his eyes finding himself in his bedroom due to not hearing Listeners sounding in the vicinity. Tom groaned hearing a familiar sound. Tom jerked off his left to see the familiar female Keo dressed in some dress looking Uzan like standing there that gave up as smirk pointing a finger aimed at him. She seen disappeared from view. He willed the Banshee forwards to find nothing his senses told him with a frown. Then willed it away which he went to the bed to sit on back to the bathroom doorway as a familiar feeling arrived hitting him making him give up a groan sound. He exhaled a breath and darted into the bathroom pulling at his pants. 

Tom came out of the bathroom groaning feeling the familiar feeling of mating stop bothering him too much, It was still there which he went to sit down on the bed and sensed movement off his right. Tom looked to find the familiar female was there who again smirked while pointing a finger aimed at him before fading from view. 
He again felt the feeling of mating become full blown mentally yelled “Ramses the Freeloaders are manipulating me to mate!” 
He heard nothing from Ramses. Tom frowned feeling a hand slam on his chest giving off a charge of electricity. He jerked backwards lying his form onto the bed. He felt paralysis. Tom saw appearing into view was the familiar female whose hand was on his chest. He saw along with another female appearing into view and three Freeloader males appearing into view with sounds announcing their arrival.
Tom mentally spoke “What the depths did you do to me?” 
He felt the paralysis take control. His view was adjusted sensing his feet was put onto the bed. Tom felt nothing but a raging urge to mate hitting him hard as all the Freeloaders except one disappeared from view. The remaining one a female mounted him straddling him and adjusted his pants. He felt himself itching to mate from her hands’ touch on his sensitive part. He rolled his eyes feeling himself guided inside her. She rocking him while feeling she seemed First One like from the feel of her all around him. He felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He gave off a sigh as he spilled himself inside the female seemingly lengthy while hearing nothing from her. Tom then shivered as she got off of him and covered him up adjusting his pants. He heard a familiar click sound of a transportation done by the Meritanians. Tom felt himself still not able to move except his eyes which he heard ahem sound. He jerked open his eyes to find the familiar female was there.
She spoke verbalizing her words “It’ll take a lot more than that to kill me, Tom.” 
He jerked widening his eyes recognizing her as his Keo mother Alesia a former Queen.
She added “Actually Tom I told Thurin, your Father, no kidding to create the Assassin Lord group regardless of what you did to me or not. Appears he did it and got contained in a sleeper tube as a result of the attempts to take you down.”
Tom stiffened hearing Alesia’s words as she continued talking “Only the current Queen and a select chosen few others know that I’m still alive and now you as well. I don’t give a care if you blab this to the High Council. It's due to that they didn’t seem interested when you overheard bragged my killing to them. Also don’t count on the Meritanians to help you with your supporting the High Council in this war with us. I will have you in my hands again Tom. I raised you and I know your weaknesses and strengths enough to combat whatever you throw at me. You’ll find me not easily taken down.” 
He continued to stiffen as Alesia kept talking “By the way Tom I don’t care if you tell the High Council on this or not. We have a Builder in our employ. He's who's keeping the Meritanians from transporting us to the High Council’s throne room for scans as normally done to Keos detected around here. Be warned Tom that this Builder knows Barry too well enough to fight him and counterattack whatever orders he gives against us. That’s a warning Tom, for this Builder will get you to serve us once word is given.” 
He felt Alesia forced his eyes shut as he came to with a start feeling the paralysis gone from him. Tom sat up sensing a presence in the room which he looked to see Barry standing there that had a familiar look on his face with eyes not golden. Tom spoke realizing what Barry wanted from him his entire encounter with the Freeloaders. Starting with from the moment one warned him not to shower. He ending with Alesia telling him about a Builder in their employ who’ll be given word to manipulate him once the time arrives. 
He cut his talking to stare at Barry who spoke “Interesting Tom but how well do you know me hmm?”
Tom frowned hearing Barry’s words as he spoke “Just what the High Council and others tell me that you went by another name. You fathered a certain deity annoyance. You got employed by the group promising to keep a certain offspring you favor alive. Whoever that offspring is, is not known due to that the group refused to talk about it. That along with reports of you oath to them that they have your loyalty if they don’t mention this favored offspring to others when asked.” 
He cut off his talking as Barry gave off an Hmph sound before the Builder spoke “Tell me when Thura had your son Turan here on Shadan what was your feelings towards the High Council regarding your offspring?”
He stiffened as memories of Turan spilled in his mind along with his views towards the High Council was seen spoke “My loyalty towards the High Council was divided towards them serving as an assassin. And doing what it takes to keep Turan alive including frequenting the Freeloaders to help do the job which was for nothing. The Freeloaders killed Turan who didn’t grow up to adulthood like I was hoping. He was just a child when they poisoned him to death. I’m still furious about that.”
He heard from Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone. 
Tom jerked as a memory flashed in his mind of Thura finger spelling to him "I'm sensing the High Council killed Turan. The High Council are blaming the death onto the Freeloaders. It's just to manipulate you, his Father to declare the Keos your enemies and make you more loyal to the group."
He continued to remember that he refused to believe Thura and told her off "The subject on the Freeloaders as I call them is closed. The Freeloaders killed Turan period."
She finger spelled in response "The truth will come out period whether you agrees with it or not."
He continued to groan hearing Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone. Tom shut his eyes as another memory came to his mind of himself with the Banshee through. He was scanning a male Freeloader’s mind who was contained asleep in some sleeper tube due to drawn to do it.
Tom saw clearly in the male’s mind the High Council mentally speaking "You a servant of us is to poison Turan and make sure to finger the Freeloaders as the responsible party." 
He roared “This is nothing but a trick!”
He heard from Barry “Believe what you wish Tom. The truth can’t hide period.” 
He heard nothing more from Barry felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to opening his eyes to find the Builder was gone along with feeling like he slept lengthy to him and feeling much better from it. Tom frowned rubbing a hand on his forehead. He got up and darted into the bathroom finding the shower stall remained the same and felt annoyance take hold. 

Tom came out of the bathroom feeling himself needing to sit and rest. He proceeded to do while groaning loudly. He rubbed hands on his face to hear a familiar sound of someone appearing from hidden state. Tom removed his hands to find a male Freeloader standing facing him. 
He sensed his mind not scanned mentally thought to himself “I might as well play the Freeloaders into giving me information to give to the High Council.” 
He stared at the Freeloader with a frown and spoke “What do you want?”
He eyed the male who spoke “It’s not wise to play us Mindbender for we’ll find out about it easily and-“
He interrupted “And you’ll do what Freeloader? Your Queen dubbed Alesia could have put me down. She raised me and knows my weaknesses and strengths but she didn’t and she let me put her down as a result.” 
He got a big frown from the Freeloader as he added “So spill it your visit and get out now.” 
Tom glared at the Freeloader who spoke “What about your Father Thurin who I heard was some Keo?”
He spoke as he got up from the bed feeling his mood become foul “I have no Father who’s a Freeloader. Only a First One Mother who was killed by Freeloaders. Your kind wound up to deny her a chance of raising me. Believe me I suffered being in the depths living in Uzan. I didn’t want anything to do with your kind or the First Ones. Due that neither species accepted me as a child and kept up that attitude once I was full grown. I hated living in Uzan. I wanted to leave and took my opportunity. I didn’t hear of the High Council till my second visit to their meeting's spot involving other species. They got me to serve which I’ll serve gladly. Also I wasn’t sorry when I killed that Freeloader and attacking your kind hence I exiled from Uzan as result so get out now.”
He gave the Freeloader a glare who spoke “I’m told to tell you that Thurin is looking for you, Mindbender. No, I’m not referring to the one who’s said to be your Father. You should know what I mean by that.” 
He saw the Freeloader disappear from view. He gave up a loud roaring sound of anger and sat down on the bed cutting off his noises feeling his mood not good. He exhaled a breath to feel sleepy laid his form down on the bed. Tom shut his eyes to dream of an eyesight point of view of someone. A Freeloader he assumed walking among Freeloaders and looking pretty short from the looks of it to him. It's due to seeing them and stopping in a cave room to see the Queen seated there with eyes shut and giving off a throat clearing noise sound that sounded First One to him. He continued to watch with a frown realizing that the eyesight was First One. The Queen opened her eyes and stared meeting the person’s eyes. 
He heard her speaking “Mindbender isn’t kidding on what he said. He complained about that outcast status to Alesia repeatedly. She threw him in various activities involving both the Keo and Moorra species just to get him to feel like he belonged. Appeared the warning didn’t work. He’s still angry at the Keo species enough to blame them for his troubles. The High Council is fueling into getting him to serve them willingly. Ah nothing I can do when his mind is closed. He believes what he believes period. Oh I decided to accept your request and have put it in motion. Believe me that Thurin kept his vow about the Lord of the Underworld having the Assassin Lord title. He also vowed that his people will enforce that vow. That along with the deity leading them in this war against our enemies. Oh one more thing-”
Tom frowned as he felt pain hitting his head abruptly grimaced as the view went black. Tom rubbed his forehead with a hand and then lowered his hand putting it on his front with his other hand. He kept himself asleep dreaming of an eyesight point of view walking in a hallway that looked familiar by its tubal looks and entering through a doorway. 
He saw Mesen come into view who halted staring at the person lengthy followed by speaking he understanding “Come with me. She’s this way.” 
He watched as the eyesight followed Mesen seemingly lengthy then stopped followed by the manoid pointing a rope arm on a naked still female form. 
He saw was Thura looking asleep but actually dead to the world and speaking “This is her.” 
Tom watched through the eyesight to see First One hands come into view to grip Thura’s right hand. He saw the eyes water as if tears followed by the scene going black. He again felt a bad headache hitting him. He groaned loudly to continue sleeping dreaming of an eyesight view entering a hallway. He saw belonged to the hallway leading to the barroom and walking up to his door which opened. Then showed himself lying in bed asleep followed by the person walking into the room with the door shutting sound heard. Tom again got a headache groaned. He felt First One hands grip his left hand along with his mind scanned. He jerked open his eyes looking off his left to see a male First One with a look of Thura on his face in a glare and his hair styled like his. He jerked his hand out of the male’s grip with recognition within him realizing that the male was Thurin his son with Thura born on Uzan. He sat up staring at Thurin who stood up with arms folded glare still on the male’s face. 
Tom spoke in Basic “Thurin, what is it that your trying to tell me?” 
He heard from Thurin in response in Freeloader language the High Council dubbed Summeran by the First Ones speaking it and not in Basic “Spill it Father. After everything your Keo Mother did to you raising you. Kept you alive you find the Keos your enemies so explain that.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “I was out casted by both Keos and the First One species. That started when I was a child and continued till I was full grown. Neither species accepted me. I felt like I had nothing to live while living on Uzan. I was miserable enough to want to leave period. I left once to elsewhere but at that time the High Council wasn’t interested in me. I didn’t have anything to do so I returned to Uzan. Only to suffer being in the depths by the Keos. It took me awhile to accept being exiled from Uzan. I’m glad for that. I’m not returning regardless of what you say Thurin. My place is here on Shadan.” 
He got from Thurin “Yah servant of the High Council serving them as an assassin. Not the kind of life I imagined you would have when I was finally told of you.” 
Tom frowned which he spoke “So? I’m not what you expected Thurin so accept that.” 
He saw Thurin disappear in a flash of light as he sighed. Tom felt himself falling backwards to land on metal. He threw himself up with an acrobatic move to find himself in the High Council’s throne room with the speakers having heads bowed. 
He frowned to hear “Father stop this now!”
He shifted behind him to see Thurin restrained by the Falcons. Tom saw Anubis clamp a hand over his son’s mouth who looked at him with some look of pleading in his eyes. He shrugged and looked away towards the High Council to see the speakers raise their heads.
This was followed by Shad speaking “Mindbender the Freeloaders have brainwashed this Thurin from mind scans of him to be on their side in this war. We’re ordering you to kill him period.” 
He turned around willing the Banshee through to hear his son blaring in his mind “Father, don’t do this! Please don’t! I’m begging you Father!”
He again heard from the Speakers saying in unison “Kill him.” 
He continued to get barraged by Thurin repeating his words blaring in his mind. He shut his eyes rubbing a hand on his forehead feeling himself to distracted by Thurin’s chatter to do the order. 
Tom mentally spoke opening his eyes “Shut up Thurin! Be quiet now! I can’t think!”
He continued to get barraged by Thurin blaring in his mind repeating his words. 
Tom mentally spoke “Stop it Thurin with your chatter! Don’t make me kill you if you don’t shut up now!”
Tom heard silence in response eyed Thurin to see a look of accusation in his eyes. Tom again heard from the High Council’s Speakers their familiar words spoken in unison. 
He mentally spoke towards his son “Goodbye Thurin, what the High Council order I obey period.” 
He got barraged by Thurin again to concentrate on his son. He widened his eyes to see Thura in her youngness instead of her oldness appearance wearing her familiar dress. She was standing in front of his son shaking her head in some First One no gesture. This was followed by her finger spelling. 
He read “You're breaking your oath. You told me about Thurin our son. You oath that you would keep him alive. Do what it takes to do it despite serving the High Council.”
He willed away the Banshee as Thura faded from view to collapsed onto his knees. Tom brought hands to his forehead groaning loudly. Tom recalling what she finger spelled to him fully in his mind and his oath to her about their son Thurin. 
He heard from Shad “What’s going on, Mindbender? That is keeping you from doing a simple order?”
He ignored the High Council as Anubis’s whisper was loudly heard “Why don’t you scan Mindbender’s mind? He’s acting like he’s getting some sort mind attack.”
He jerked as he felt his mind scanned in answer to Anubis’s question. Along with grimacing and lowering his hands to toss his head up face facing the ceiling arching his back as the memory of his promise to Thura replayed within his mind over and over. Along with a hand gloved felt clamping over his mouth as he gave off muffled screaming sounds. He heard voices talking ignored it as he continued to scream muffled blocked by the hand covering his mouth. Memories of Thura and his son Thurin as a young child in his life played in his mind. He jerked from the scanner’s scans that remained as the memories continued spilling in his mind. He continued to scream muffled. Tom kept up the screaming as additional memories of his life with Thura on Uzan flashed. Just prior to Thurin his son being born along with her carrying him in some expectant status. He recalled seemed to enjoy feeling his offspring kicking her from within. Tom recalled while having hands on her as she lied in bed asleep put there by him using mental abilities. He continued to remember while still screaming him doing that similar trick onto Thura whenever she carried his offspring. They both lived in Shadan underneath the High Council’s rule. He felt the memories stop abruptly by a whip flashing in his mind. Along with a black background and lightening seen as the scanner withdrew by senses blaring about it. Tom stopped arching his back and lowered his head while stopping his screaming sounds. He felt the gloved hand removed itself off of him. He eyed Thurin who had accusation in his eyes aimed at him despite Anubis covering his mouth. 
He snarled “You pulled that trick onto me by giving me a mind attack!”
He heard from Shad “Then simply kill him for that stunt.” 
He got up glaring at Thurin as he willed the Banshee through. Tom got barraged by his son blaring in his mind pleading with the familiar words. 
Along with saying "I and the High Council wasn’t responsible for the mind attack for it was you doing it." 
He heard repeatedly over and over. Tom jerked his head down bowing it as he recalled his talk with Barry fully in his mind. 
He continued to hear Thurin "I blame the mind attack onto you." 
Tom raised up his head and mentally spoke with anger hitting him “Oh you bastard had to do this to me didn’t you Barry? You knew that Thurin was around and tried to warn me hence your questions and words Argh!”
He got silence from Thurin in response as he mentally spoke “Barry you one sick bastard for not warning me of this! Growl now I have to tell the High Council of what I oath to Thura regarding my son Thurin!” 
He mentally willed away the Banshee and turned around facing the High Council.
Tom spoke “I got a problem with doing that order High Council. I recall that I made an oath to Thura during one of our private conversations regarding Thurin our son. I would do what it takes to keep him alive. Even priority over you and whatever orders you give me in the process.”
He folded his arms First One styled to hear from Shad “So you made an oath Mindbender. What do you expect to do about it hmm?”
He spoke making sure he sounded firm “I aim to honor that oath High Council and do what I can to keep it intact.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a groan sound from Thurin behind him along with a fist connecting sounding loudly. He spun around unfolding his arms to see Anubis punching his son in the stomach who had pain in his eyes aimed at him. 
Tom mentally willed the Banshee through and mentally ordered “Anubis throw back.”  
He saw Anubis threw himself backwards hitting the suits of armor standing in a row and banging against them. Anubis seen sliding down onto the floor with some annoyed expression in the gonoid head warrior’s eyes. He heard growling sounds from the Falcons looked at them while narrowing his eyes to see them release Thurin who fell to kneeling while clutching his front in front of him groaning loudly. Tom darted towards Thurin willing away the Banshee. Tom kneeled grabbing his son hugging him in his arms. He sensed stopped groaning loudly but seemed to be content held by him by his senses blaring about it. 
He heard from Shad abruptly “Anybus and guards, back off on this now!”
He stiffened hearing that as Onya’s voice was heard “Alright Mindbender you can keep your oath. Warn you you’ll do what we say period to keep your son alive or else.” 
He felt himself stiffening from Onya’s words as he kept his mouth shut in response to lean his face onto Thurin’s head. 
He sensed seemed to like the gesture by hearing very quietly from him “Father.” 
Tom sighed softly as he heard from Shad “Ramses will you transport them both to the infirmary for this Thurin to get checked out for the fisting done on him?”
He blinked his eyes finding himself in the infirmary helped Thurin up. Tom got his son to lie on a bed who stopped his groaning. Tom held his hand feeling it squeezed in response. He frowned eyeing the doctor a Highlander who scanned the male with some familiar arm sized scanner while staring at the device. 
He kept his mouth shut as the doctor spoke “Don’t see anything wrong with him other than skin color change forming on him. He’ll be sore for awhile and will be sensitive from anyone touching him. More fisting will make him feel more paining if you get my meaning, Mindbender.”
He spoke getting it what the doctor wanted him to do “I get it what your implying Doctor.” 
Tom heard from the Highlander “Well get him out of here. Get him some nourishment. He needs along with some sleep too.” 
He picked up his son with great strength. Tom found himself in the Listeners’ bedroom by hearing one telling him to leave loudly which he obeyed. Tom walked out into the hallway and forced Thurin to his feet. He heard barroom doors banging and grabbed his son by the shirt seeing it looked similar to his Uzan clothes. Tom thrust the shorter than him male up till his eyes were level with his eyes sensing his feet were dangling. 
He spoke seeing Thurin’s brown First One eyes narrowed with a glare in them “Don’t expect favors from me. Thurin, it's for keeping my oath to your mother to keep you alive period. If it wasn’t for that oath I would have killed you without questioning the High Council’s order. It's judging by how I felt when they gave me that order. So don’t make me regret keeping that oath or else.”
Tom gave Thurin a shake feeling his son’s hands on his chest. Tom dropped the male who landed onto his feet and removed his hands off his chest. 
He added sounding annoyed “Just don’t ever touch me without my permission again. I mean it period.”
He gave Thurin a glare who shrugged First One styled. Tom heard nothing from his son in response. 
He added “Come along while I show you where you’re to get nourishment. It's your responsibility to do and not mine. You’re old enough to do that now.” 
He got nothing from Thurin. He walked towards the barroom sensing his son following. Tom, inside found Barry seated at a stool that looked like the Builder was waiting for him. 
Tom spoke as he reached Barry “You tried to warn me didn’t you? Don’t deny that, Barry.”
He gave Barry a glare who spoke “Actually I was aware of your son. I figured that the High Council would do this stunt onto you. Like they have repeatedly done to me whenever they figure out who’s my offspring. They have always found out despite me trying to hide the offspring from them.”
Tom gave off an Hmph hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “The High Council in question has managed to get me to pick one of my offspring to favor very dearly. I have been doing for awhile and doing what it takes to keep this offspring alive at all costs. I even forced to do things by the group whether I agree to them or not just for my favored offspring.” 
He folded his arms hearing Barry add “Bartender, the medicinal drink for offspring of Mindbender here now. Make it snappy.” 
He looked away and saw Thurin sit in a soft chair leaning back. 
He resumed glaring at Barry who continued talking “Believe me Mindbender I’ll do what it takes to keep this offspring alive unharmed by the High Council and their machinations and out of being targeted by the group depending on their moods.”
Tom stiffened recalling being told of Barry being Amen Ra and Jinks being Horus instead of Osiris son of Amen Ra as thought. 
He spoke “That offspring is Jinks aka Horus himself isn’t he?”
He gave Barry a glare that flared golden eyes followed by the Builder speaking sounding firm “Drop the subjected matter or else Mindbender.” 
He recalling something the High Council complained to him regarding Barry seemingly not willing to serve them whenever they gave orders involving harming Jinks himself.
Tom spoke “Fine the subject is dropped. Anything else I should know of hmm?”
He kept the memory to himself while forming a frown on his face. 
Barry he saw stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the Builder speaking “Get your son the nourishment the bartender is holding since he’s too hurt to get up and do it.” 
Tom looked off his right to see it was what Barry said. The bartender, he saw, was holding a gold cup and looking annoyed judging by the narrowed eyes of the Listener. He took the drink without a comment and went to Thurin putting a hand on his son’s shoulder. Tom grabbed the cloth thrusting the male up into a straight sitting position and handed him the cup who took it. 
He spoke while placing his other hand over Thurin’s mouth “Absolutely no gulping despite how thirsty you are. You can only sip the nourishment period. That’s a rule around here. No, I didn’t come up with it so do it or get sicker.” 
He removed his hand from Thurin’s mouth and kept his hand holding his son in a straight sitting up position. Tom seeing the male obeyed to his talk. By sipping the drink and appearing to take his time with it by glancing at him before looking back at the cup and sipping which continued back and forth. 
Tom gave up a growl sound and spoke “Enough Thurin with the implying looks and talk now.”
He glared at Thurin who stared at him before speaking “Ah Just wondering who I resemble. It’s common for First Ones you call them to have offspring with faces twin to them.” 
He spoke as Thurin became silent and resumed sipping the cup “You resemble your Mother, Thurin, which is how I recognized you as my son.”
He eyed Thurin who spat out the drink and gave off violent coughing sounds. He removed his hand from his son’s shoulder and whacked his son on the back repeatedly till the male stopped his sickness. He stopped the back whacking. 
Tom spoke sounding annoyed figuring out that the Uzan natives weren’t honest with Thurin on something “Spill it Thurin what did the Uzan natives say to you regarding your resemblance towards your Mother? Your sick reaction suggested something else was said.” 
He glared at Thurin who looked at him and appeared to gulp before his son spoke “They told me I had your face, Father and kept insisting on it.” 
Tom gave up a loud growling sound and snarled out “Dratted Freeloaders and their brainwashing.” 
He heard from Thurin abruptly “Actually it was the First Ones who did that brainwashing. The Freeloaders you call them didn’t correct them instead let them do that joke onto me.” 
Tom narrowed his eyes and folded his arms seeing Thurin’s eyes widen with some shock look. He figured he had his arms in Freeloader position and did that without thinking of it. 
He adjusted his arms till they were First One positioned then spoke “No need to defend the Freeloaders, Thurin. All they cause around here is too much trouble to the High Council. I can’t wait to be rid of them on a permanent basis.”
Tom heard from Thurin as he eyed him who blurted “You don’t mean that with what you said regarding Freeloaders, Father for you don’t sound like it.”
He glared at his son who didn’t flinch from the glare but kept on sipping from the cup. His son ignored his stare as he went to the bar speaking to the bartender “Vodka and make it snappy now.” 
Tom heard from Barry “Actually bartender, make it non alcoholic. It’s obvious that Mindbender is having a problem bothering him.”
He shifted to glare at Barry who met his stare and spoke “You know the rules around here Mindbender. No drinking alcohol when bothered by a problem. Other wise you’ll find yourself gulping the alcohol and get under its influence. Enough to get drunk enough to act improper around here something the High Council emphasize that they hate happening period.” 
He shrugged in response to hear from Thurin loudly “That was a Freeloader body gesture of ‘Who cares?’”
Tom gave up a growling sound fisting his hands while bowing his head as his arms he felt were still folded and continued the noises. 
He heard from Barry “I sympathize with you on how you’re feeling Mindbender towards the immaturity of your offspring. I had to put up with one of my offspring doing that to me. Believe me it took that offspring awhile to get it that being immature wasn’t proper. The offspring wasn’t going to get anything pleasant in response to that behavior. Hence I having to use parental authority over that offspring in question repeatedly over and over till the offspring finally got the message and quit.” 
Tom cut his noises and raised his head and looked at Barry who added “Actually that offspring in question is the one I favor. Don’t you dare imply on who that is period. So back off with your guessing games.” 
He looked away to find the bartender had a drink ready for him. He unfolded his arms and took seeing the cup held white liquid inside. Tom went to Thurin to stand next to the chair his son was seated in. Tom forced himself to sip the drink taking his time sipping it down. 
He heard from Thurin “Any brothers and sisters from you and Mother while living on Shadan?”
He sighed softly between sips hearing that question and spoke “You have plenty of brothers and sisters, Thurin. I’m unsure of how to say the number of them to you in Uzan numeral terms. It's due to not knowing it.” 
He heard from Barry “Just use your fingers and hands to say the number instead.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak while holding up his free left hand with fingers spread “This number of fingers up on my hand plus another hand.” 
He lowered two fingers and added “This number of fingers up is the total of offspring I had with your Mother starting with you and that includes both Uzan and Shadan.”
He lowered all fingers except one and spoke “This number of fingers up is the total offspring I had with your Mother while on Uzan. The rest was born on Shadan.”
He held up four fingers and spoke “This number of fingers up is the total offspring that lived to old age and passed away from that despite your Mother outliving them.” 
He brought down two fingers and continued “This number of offspring by fingers up is the ones who didn’t live very long. One dying by childhood sickness and the other hit with poison I believe the Freeloaders to be responsible party for the poisoning.” 
He saw Thurin’s expression turn into a glare followed by Thurin speaking “You sound desperate to blame the Freeloaders for your problems by your voice tone saying it.” 
He looked away feeling himself angry and gripped the cup in a tight grip and forced himself to sip it slowly despite feeling like gulping it. He ignored the gulping order and sipped not saying anything to Thurin’s comment. 
He heard from his son “Blaming people isn’t going to solve your problems. It's due to how furious you are. I learned that bit from the First Ones who kept putting that in my face. I learned about you exiled and furious with the Freeloaders for doing the exiling in the first place. That includes without actually learning the actual reason for that. I already learned what the exiled status was from a Freeloader telling me about it. I did what I could to get out of Uzan to you. It's due to not keen on living with people angry at you. Them targeting me due to that I was your son.” 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as he inhaled and continued to sip from his drink while keeping his mouth shut. He felt the cup instead of liquid eyed it to see it was empty and without a word when to the bar placing the cup down. Tom glared at Thurin who was glaring at him back who held up the cup in his hand. 
Thurin spoke “I’m done with this.” 
Tom without a comment went to Thurin and took the cup putting it onto the bar. Tom then went back to his son grabbing him by the front gripping the cloth. Tom yanked him out of the chair to stand along with removing his hands to grab his son’s arm. Tom pulled him without protesting out of the barroom to his bedroom finding a mattress on the floor in front of the bed. 
He heard from Ramses abruptly “Mindbender, you’ll find that mess in your private room fixed up along with the doctor saying to refrain from showering for awhile till its obvious that stunt can be fixed up if you know what I mean.” 
He mentally spoke “I get it your chat Ramses.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses added out loud “Mattress on the floor is yours Thurin. Doorway leads to the private room for bathing and whatever you care to use it for.” 
He ignored Thurin to go to the bed opposite from the mattress and laid his form down eyes staring at the ceiling. 
Tom got his son’s face into view with a glare on it who spoke “Don’t complain to me about making you miserable, Father.” 
He glared at Thurin back whose face removed out of view and eyed the ceiling to hear the sound of his son using the private room facilities from the noises he heard. He sighed and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and passed out unconscious.

Tom wound up to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek in some slapping motion felt. Tom jerked open his eyes grabbing the hand with a glare to feel it wasn’t Thurin’s. He saw a female Freeloader leaning over him which he released the hand feeling his mind scanned. 
He felt the scanning stop as the female Freeloader spoke in a loud whisper “The High Council will be testing you like they did to Barry on your loyalty towards them. Including towards your oath on keeping Thurin alive so be warned on that.” 
He opened his mouth recognizing her as Alesia by the voice tone only to see her disappear from view. He groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and removing the hand then raised himself to eye his son. Tom wound up seeing Thurin asleep on it who looked like he passed out to him by the looks of his body sprawled on the bed. Tom sighed and laid his form down and shut his eyes feeling like sleeping. He obeyed to the feeling to dream of facing a male with Jinks’ facial appearance having all black eyes while wearing a golden crown on his head with long black hair and shiny clothing of colors of red white and blue seen on the male. 
The male spoke sounding in a voice tone that made him think it was cruel “Greetings Mindbender so we meet. I’m deity lord Lance Richard, Lord of the Underworld ruler of the earth and gonoids. I’m a ghost form of that deity lord while my son who you know who he is, is the physical form. It’s about time we finally meet Mindbender since you guessed correctly on who Barry was favoring as his offspring.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance Richard’s he assumed words about Barry. 
The deity lord continued “Ah the High Council know of this favoring so no need to blab it to them. You I warn you will find yourself doing various ordered things for the High Council whether you agree on them or not. It's due to threats to harm your offspring like what is happening to Barry at the moment. I also add that the High Council has been picky with my son for awhile. Barry had to keep them from harming him repeatedly over and over. He’s serving the High Council due to that he’s on the front lines of communication orders by the group. Barry can do some manipulating whenever they order anything bad towards my son. By the way don’t expect to hide this meeting from the High Council. The Meritanians are present in some manoid form on the water there.” 
He saw Lance Richard jerk his head in a direction. He looked to spot three manoids wearing white hooded robes having First One faces seen and all black eyes narrowed aimed at him as if scrutinizing. 
He continued to hear from the deity lord “The Meritanians have repeatedly blabbed before on who visited me. So don’t think you can hide this from the High Council, Mindbender. I warn you that the High Council once they find out will be monitoring you very heavily for any visits to me. Hence you doing that to Ajax when he complained to me about that.” 
Tom frown hearing that from Lance Richard as he shifted to look at the deity lord who forced his eyes shut. He saw nothing but blackness along with sensing nothing. Only to hear a faint ringing noise that became louder and louder till he sensed his body held up by the Falcons. He jerked opened his eyes and straightened up his form eyeing the High Council.
Shad spoke with sarcasm “Enjoying your visit with this Lance Richard hmm? Don’t deny it. The Meritanians blabbed after it was apparent none of our normal waking up methods was working.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds remain on his arms as he looked around noticing Barry nearby. Thurin wasn’t in sight as he heard from the speakers in unison “Talk Mindbender.”
He spoke “Fine I was in contact with Lance Richard who contacted me without me asking for that.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Shad spoke “You care to share on what the subject was?”
He spoke eyeing Barry “It was a discussion on which offspring Barry favored. Lance Richard claims its, himself then his son Horus as that offspring.” 
He heard from Barry speaking in foreign language in some compelling voice tone to blink his eyes seeing the Builder was silent. Tom felt like he forgot something as the male looked away towards the High Council.
He heard from Onya “Oh dump Mindbender with his offspring dubbed Thurin now.”
Tom felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms to find himself back into his bedroom. Tom wound up to find Thurin seated on his bed with arms folded a glare on his son’s face. 
His son spoke “Spill it Father on why you're so desperate to believe that the Freeloaders would poison my brother Turan. I knowing the Keos, not to be the type to poison people especially offspring from being raised by them.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that from Thurin as he inhaled and again heard from his son who added “The Freeloaders as you call them whenever they would punish me. They would have me stay in my room for a certain amount of days. With a nourishment amount in a bucket I was to use for the entire time I stayed in my room without coming out for anything except for an emergency or the Queen’s orders. This was the only punishment I had as a youngster which stopped once I was full grown. The punishment I received as an adult involved them whipping me. Till they sensed I couldn’t take it anymore and that’s it. I don’t recall them using poison to kill First Ones or Freeloaders or for punishment. It is not what I’m seeing with the Freeloaders here who are very strong fasted believed in views shared from the Uzan natives they were descendants of.”
He kept his mouth shut as a familiar feeling hit him abruptly as Thurin added “So talk on this view now Father.”  
He spoke feeling the feeling rising within him “Just go to the barroom and get something to drink now.”
He pointed a finger at the door to the room. 
Tom glared at his son who refused to budge speaking “Don’t bother I already had my drink so I’m fine for now.” 
Tom felt the feeling burst within him taking control. 
He spoke voice coming out sad “Thurin just leave.” 
He got a glare from Thurin who adjusted his arms and refused to budge. He kneeled feeling the feeling taking control. He burst out wailing sounds while rocking his form back and forth ignoring Thurin. His eyesight clouded up of whiteness and placed his arms around his form while continuing his noises and body motions. He kept it up seemingly lengthy till the feeling stopped along with his eyesight stopped its cloudiness. Tom's eyes cleared up and he halted his noises to stare at Thurin standing in front of him who leaned down.
Thurin spoke sounding annoyed “Father, your wailing like a Freeloader suffering some great pain. Seeing them do that in front of me so talk on what’s with you attitude towards them now.”
Tom felt rage hitting gave up a roar and got to his feet charging towards Thurin who stepped aside tripping him. He hit the floor and twisted his form swinging himself up. Tom darted towards his son still feeling angry who thrust out a foot kicking him in the stomach repeatedly as he went near him. Tom continued to feel his angry mood hitting him again charged at Thurin who used his legs and feet to kick him away from him repeatedly. He found Thurin halting his charge till he heard whining squeal sounds felt his arms grabbed by Freeloader hands. He struggled against the hand holds. He shut his eyes as he again felt the familiar feeling and felt his knees become weak. It made him sag in the hands of the Freeloaders along with giving off wailing sounds as his eyesight again clouded up with whiteness. Tom felt himself forced to lie down on the floor back to it. His head felt put on a lap with hands First One like rubbing his forehead. He while feeling his mind scanned repeatedly as the hands touched him over and over. He continued to give off his wailing noises. He felt Freeloader male hands holding his hands in tight grips. He felt the feeling stop along with eyesight clearing up. Tom again felt anger to give off roaring sounds only to feel himself restrained by the Freeloaders keeping him onto the floor. He again felt the familiar feeling gave up wailing noises as his eyesight clouded up again. The process of that happened over and over as he would feel the familiar feeling that would go away and come back followed by anger along with the emotion repeatedly coming back from the familiar feeling. Tom continued to feel himself seemingly trapped with the emotions of wailing and anger within him. That kept on bursting through and kept hitting him. 
He mentally spoke during a bout of wailing “Make it stop now. Stop it now I say.” 
He kept up repeating his words as the angry feeling was felt followed by the wailing feeling then the feeling of wailing stopped. He felt himself calmer along with anger stopping abruptly which he halted his chatter. Tom shut his eyes feeling the familiar hands of his Keo Mother rubbing his forehead in some soothing motion that made him feel much better. Tom while sensing Thurin within vicinity and felt that his son would comment a rude remark about him receiving comfort from the Freeloaders. 
He sighed as Thurin’s voice was heard “You blame Freeloaders for you problems enough to let them comfort you in your trouble? What’s with you, Father anyway?”
He heard from Alesia in response “Thurin, he’s comforting me.”
He heard nothing from Thurin frowned hearing that comment from Alesia. Tom kept his eyes shut feeling himself much better and soothed by her hands stroking his forehead in their familiar soothing motion. He smiled not baring his teeth from the feel. He felt himself passing out unconscious judging by the nothingness felt.

Tom came too feeling himself lying on his bed with a smaller form feeling male like snuggled next to him that made him stiffen. He opened his eyes and looked down to see it was Thurin himself who woke up with a start looking at him with a frown before getting off the bed and going to his mattress to lie his form down without a comment. 
He sighed and spoke “Thurin.” 
He heard the firmness in his voice tone heard from his son “Actually that was Alesia who insisted I do that to you. I didn’t want to do it due to finding it improper for Fathers and sons to do it. That was supposed to be reserved for your female doing it but that position is gone at the moment hence Alesia insisting I do it.” 
He spoke hearing nothing more from Thurin “Thank you Thurin.”
He heard from his son “Well your welcome and let me sleep.” 
Tom shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to shaking his head discovering himself lying in a familiar metal room he saw where he stayed before going out to fight. He frowned as the familiar Highlander arrived and ordered him out. He walked out and went to the cage room to hear the crowd order him to fight. He frowned as he saw a big male with pointed ears of a Freeloader, long hair of a Highlander and all white eyes of a Shadonian in the ring that sneer some look at him. He figured to himself he would have to use combative art moves onto the male. Tom proceeded to do finding the male seemed to anticipate his moves and kept throwing him in the air away from him. He felt annoyance take hold as the male got a hold of him by the neck and lifted him up with feet dangling. Tom saw the male had a knife in his left hand. He grimaced feeling it digging in his cheek repeatedly over and over. Then thrust to the cage wall face onto it. Tom felt pain in his backside which made him arch his back. He felt the cage wall become smooth as glass. He felt the Banshee flickering in and out of his control without him mentally ordering it through or away. He felt something covering his mouth keeping him from giving off screaming sounds. He felt zapping pain hitting him as he continued to feel pain hitting his backside. Along with feeling some things remove itself from his backside that he felt was getting out of his body. Tom continued to arch his back as the pain continued. Then he felt himself passing out unconscious as the feeling of objects removed from his back stopped. 

Tom came to finding himself lying on a bed sideways on it wearing some dress on his form covering him. Along with feeling a rough small tongue lick his face he recognized belonged to a gonoid the High Council dubbed Furball. He jerked open his eyes and eyed the Furball who stopped licking his face to give off a soft meow sound. He raised himself up to sit. Tom felt himself sore from that. He rubbed hands on his cheeks feeling one of them only had a scar on it while the other was intact with no scarring. He sighed and continued to rub his face. He stiffened feeling a Freeloader hand touching his hand. Tom jerked his hands away from his face seeing no one in the room that looked like a bedroom with round windows in the wall off his right. 
He heard from the Freeloader “I’m sorry-“
He interrupted “It’s too late for that, Freeloader.” 
Tom heard from the male “That’s not what I meant. I was referring to your son Thurin which you were detected dreaming about. I managed to inquire about him through Keo sources who say that he’s been dead for awhile. In case you don’t remember he died by your hand as Assassin Lord.” 
Tom exhaled a breath recalling a First One Assassin Lord begging for his life. 
The male claiming "You're my Father! Don't kill me! I'm your son Thurin!"
He killed him by mental power abilities instead of listening to the pleading. 
He didn’t comment a response as the Freeloader continued talking “I must add that there’s been a won’t die rumor going around that a former Queen dubbed Alesia really didn’t die by your hand. She did some mental mind ability to make it appear that way and has been in hiding manipulating things involving you.” 
He frowned hearing that as the Furball gave up a loud meow sound. He felt the Freeloader’s hand gone from him and frowned to hear a door opening sound. Tom looked to see off his left was a First One male with dark skin night sky colored hair and cloud colored streak in his hair wearing clothes that made him think it was medical related while pushing a cart in front of him. Tom frowned eyeing the male who pulled out a cup from the cart and handed it to him. 
The male heard speaking in Summeran the First One language “Here’s nourishment for you to drink. Just don’t gulp it down. Your system won’t tolerate the gulping anyway.”
He obeyed to sip the drink. Tom recognizing it from the taste as a medicinal drink that the High Council would have him drink when recovering from medical injuries while in their care. He sipped the drink entirely and handed the male back the cup that took it and left the room pushing the cart out while shutting the door behind him. 
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “No sorry High Council I wouldn’t recommend transporting Mindbender to you. The place where he’s at is highly rigged with various recording devices and from mind scans of various people at the Zesky Hospital that their looking for evidence of us transporting people due to hearing about us doing it from Highlander blabbermouths blabbing about it. Also one of the Highlanders blabbed to the Zesky Hospital’s leader that we’ve been scanning his mind from time to time along with how to detect us doing it which he’s been kicking us out whenever he detects us scanning him. So sorry High Council but if you want Mindbender you’ll have to send a ship to the Zesky Hospital and use the familiar threat of blowing it up to get him aboard your ship due to that the place’s leader always falls for that trick anyway.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses felt sleepiness shut his eyes. Tom laid his form down on the bed feeling the Furball getting onto his chest and giving off a purring vibration which he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to standing wide awake to hear Barry speaking “You and Jinks spar fight but don’t bother knocking each other down get it?”
He looked around discovering himself in a familiar cage room with Jinks in the vicinity wearing some shorts and a strap top. He sensed himself wearing the same thing on his form. He didn’t comment a response to Barry’s remark threw a fist aimed at Jinks’ head that used combative art moves to get his hand away from him. Tom shrugged and proceeded to do combative art moves onto Jinks who did the same thing both avoiding knocking each other off their feet. 
He heard whistle blowing sounds followed by a loud voice on a speaker “This is the police, we have you surrounded so hit the ground now!”
He frowned as Jinks obeyed to the male voice. He copied while feeling hands grabbing his wrists putting them behind him and handcuffs felt on his form. He was lifted up by two big burly First Ones wearing some kind of uniform. He figured were the police a First One name for law keeper, He was forced to walk towards the cage doorway that had light shining instead of darkness. Then Tom blinked his eyes to discover as he was forced through himself entering a square blue room with a black window. Tom was forced to sit in a chair in front of a desk with papers scattered on it and freed from the handcuffs. He sat feeling himself annoyed as a male First One arrived wearing some device in his ear and not in police uniform. The male having some outfit that made him think it was dressy who sat down in a chair opposite from him. Tom eyed him in the eyes as the male held up a piece of paper he didn’t pay attention to. 
The First One spoke Summeran “Take a look. We have a credible witness that places you at a scene killing him by appearing to choke him to death. So look.” 
He ignored the paper to lean back folding his arms Freeloader style he sensed and continued to eye the First One who’s eyes narrowed. 
The male added “This paper I’m holding is an image of a Human’s face appearing to look asleep. He has identified as your victim the one you killed in some illegal fight so take a look.”
He glanced at the paper to see it was what the First One said recognizing the person blared on it. As the one he killed in the presence of Jinks and Barry among the audience watching him. He shrugged and resumed looking at the First One that put the paper down and lifted up a paper. 
The male heard speaking “This is a confession to the murder of the victim that needs your signature. Believe me once you sign it your prison sentence will be easier on you as ordered by a judge.” 
Tom continued to stare at the First One with disgust running through him. Tom continued to stare at the male keeping arms folded and felt himself getting further annoyed. 
The male waved the paper and spoke “Just sign it. Believe me your prison sentence will be easier on you. For if you don’t your looking at possibly life in prison without getting out.” 
He didn’t say a word instead figured that the High Council would get him out of the situation like they always have from time to time. He kept his mouth shut and stared at the male. He saw the First One pull out a stick object from his jacket and placed it down on the desk along with the paper. 
The male added “Just think about this now excuse me I’m wanted elsewhere.”
He kept his eyes on the First One who got out of the room through a sliding door and spotted a large dark window. He figured he was being spied on from seeing one in the High Council’s scanner room from being scanned by a cylinder scanning device. He felt himself tired shut his eyes and bowed his head.

Only to come to feeling a hand on his shoulder shaking while lying in bed wearing some jumpsuit on his form along with underwear, socks and shoes on his feet felt. Tom jerked open his eyes to see leaning over him was a First One male that had gonoid looking eyes. He figured from knowledge within him was an Amula not really First One but some species that could change into gonoid forms and back to humanoid looking. 
He gave the Amula a glare who spoke “You shouldn’t be sleeping all day anyway. So get up and get some nourishment now.”
He eyed the Amula who straightened up his form. He got up from the bed to see he was in some rectangular room that looked like a prison cell to him. He followed the Amula out to spot a bunch of males with Amula like eyes gathered around in a large room appearing to look like a cafeteria. Tom spotted open doorways he figured led to cells along with stairs leading up. He spotted males with Amula eyes leaning over balcony railings. He didn’t comment followed the male to the food processing units from the looks of it and seeing males get food and drink from them. Tom stood in line and noticed that his height and size made him bigger than all the males all around him who eyed him with ranges of emotions on their faces. He felt himself not too hungry to eat food instead got a drink from the machine and went to stand in the corner sipping the drink. Tom feeling it tasted different from what he normally drank while underneath the High Council. He once finished put the cup away in a machine seeing Amula doing that to empty dishes. Tom stood with arms folded looking around to spot an older male with eyes of a First One in color of dark skin coloring. The male was standing with Amula gathered around him in a semi circle looking in his direction with some smirk look on his face. Tom frowned as the eyed First One he assumed wasn’t Amula made a come gesture in another direction. He saw an Amula male go up to him and watched as they appeared to be in a whispered conversation. Then the male left him wandering to a table to sit among other males appearing to be Amula playing some game of cards from the looks of it. Tom folded his arms First One styled. Tom figured he’ll go back to his cell. He went to, to find a gonoid inside that acted threatening snapping its jaws at him. He ignored walking inside the cell to sit on the bed leaning against the wall. He eyed the gonoid that shifted form into a First One male with gonoid looking eyes.
The Amula spoke in Summeran sounding annoyed “This is my cell so get out now.” 
He shrugged and ignored the male to shut his eyes only to come to feeling feet kicking him in the front while lying on the floor. He jerked open his eyes while hearing a siren sound and felt the footing stop as there were multiple squealing sounds. He sat up finding himself in the cafeteria room alone along with doorways having doors of red on them and small square windows. He heard a familiar roaring sound of Tee Dees got up quickly in an acrobatic move and waiting looking around. His eyes focused on a doorway to see the gonoids about three of them enter the room. They all appearing to be heading towards him. He willed the Banshee through hearing a barking sound of a dog sounding furious to him. He ignored the sound to glare at the Tee Dees that darted towards him. 
Tom mentally spoke “Throw back, Tee Dees die.” 
He saw his order obeyed by the Tee Dees throwing themselves backwards and hitting the ground limply. With something that looked like black liquid spurting out of their ears and eyes and form still. He sensed that they were dead. He heard a gunshot sound raised a hand in fast move to feel instead of air a smooth wall that made him think it was glass and raised his other hand to again feel the smooth wall of glass. 
He mentally spoke “Reveal hidden now.” 
He saw the scene changed to find himself not clothed but naked surrounded by liquid while appearing in some cylinder tube from the looks of it. 
He heard a male voice sounding Freeloader like sounding in his mind “I wouldn’t try anything to get out of that cylinder if I were you.” 
He mentally spoke “Why should I trust you after all you rigged my shower to hurt me? You got me into this tube as a result?”
Tom heard in response “Ah that was Thurin a Keo who claimed to Father you warning you of that. You didn’t take his warning. He sensed that you have managed to evolve enough to develop an aversion to water. Hence you thrown out with glass getting in your backside which some procedure was done to get them removed. Don’t try anything to get out of the tube. It’s rigged to hurt Banshees contained in it if they try anything to get out.” 
Tom felt annoyance take hold “Then why did the High Council dump me in here anyway?”
He heard “Actually the shower stunt knocked you out too much medically. The High Council couldn’t do a thing to heal you or remove the glass from your backside. It's from without your Banshee side flipping back and forth and interfering with their medics’ efforts to remove it. The High Council had to transfer you to a medical hospital specialized in non First Ones and hybrids is included in their specializations too. They put you in a specialized tube that counterattacked your Banshee side. It got the glass out of your backside then took you out so you could recover. Unfortunately someone here is said to recognized you as the assassin Humans on the mainland have dubbed Brain Wave. That victims have been found with their mind organs in pieces in their heads along with beater organs in pieces as well. This someone has managed to hide themselves from the Meritanians who have no luck in finding out who did the recognition.” 
He mentally spoke “That’s because you told the First Ones of this who locked me up in this tube in response.” 
He heard from the Freeloader “Actually that recognition thing was from you. You were released from the healing tube using your mental power abilities onto a guard that died while standing near you. Happened inn front of other witnesses who had him thoroughly checked. They figured out from his death who you were and had you put in another tube specialized for containing Banshees.”
He growled out mentally “You’re lying on this Freeloader. I don’t have any memory of this happening fully in my mind.” 
Tom heard from the Freeloader speaking “Memory reveal what I’m said.” 
He shut his eyes jerking his head up grimacing. He felt tape covering his mouth while seeing clearly in his mind. Of himself contained in a tube thrust out onto metal like floor and having the Banshee in control eyed a First One in uniform holding a gun weapon. Tom recalled himself ordering the male to die who hit the ground with blood leaking from ears and eyes. Along with feeling a stinging pain in his chest from a needle dart and felt the Banshee from memory willed away and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. Tom groaned mentally sensing his mind still scanned as the memory stopped playing within his mind. He sensing with annoyance that the Freeloader wasn’t really a Freeloader but a hybrid Freeloader First One.
"Tom mentally spoke "You’re not a Freeloader but a hybrid like me.” 
He heard from the hybrid “Interesting that you figured that out, Tom.” 
He spoke mentally “Who the depths are you actually anyway? The High Council from knowing them would have done something about some hybrid using them as a servant to serve assassinations.” 
He heard “Aha! You’re a servant of the High Council the one they dub Mindbender. There’s no chance that the One would have you freed from this tube no matter how threatening the High Council does to him and his people. I'll talk to you later Mindbender.” 
He mentally roared as the mind scanning stopped abruptly “You tricked me you stinker!”
He heard nothing in response and felt the mind scanning didn’t return. 
He mentally howled “Ramses! Tell the High Council that the First Ones figured out who I am! They won’t be freeing me from my trapped status because of it!”
He heard nothing in response continued to howl mentally “Ramses!”
He repeated the name over and over till he felt like the Meritanian wasn’t going to respond cut his mental howling. Tom felt frustration hitting him raised his hands towards his mouth. Only to feel something like chain manacles wrapped around his wrists keeping his hands below his chest line meeting his throat. He yanked on feeling zapping pain hitting him each time he pulled them. He halted the yanking to mentally will away the Banshee and again yanked at the chains. Only to get the familiar pain of zapping along with feeling the cloth was completely covering his mouth and chin with straps felt going around his head. He mentally felt his body to feel some kind of thin round metal like objects sticking to his skin all over including some tube covering his sensitive part entirely along with manacles on his ankles. He looked around the tube peering through the glass through the green water squinting. Tom wound up struggling to see anything by the murkiness of the water that blocked his view. He felt sleepiness hitting him abruptly shook his head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to realizing he was dreaming to feel a hand shaking his shoulder by a familiar hand. He jerked open his eyes discovering himself clad in the familiar prison wear garb. 
Tom seeing a familiar Amula male leaning over him that spoke “Get up and get some nourishment. It’s not proper for you to sleep all day around here.” 
He gave up a growl sound and heard from the male “Sorry but I insists on you up and about. It’s not proper for fellow prisoners to spend all day sleeping in bed. So get up and do something now.” 
Tom got up as the male straightened his form. He stood towered over the man seeing the top of his head reached the beginning of his chest line near his throat. 
He didn’t say a word saw the male point a finger at the open doorway and add “Out now.”
Tom without a word walked out to look around seeing Amula gathered around in the cafeteria room in various spots. Some were seated at tables which he went to the food processing unit’s line. Tom gave males an angry glare when they tried to cut in line in front of him. By them becoming nervous and backing away from him as he bore them a glare. He got himself a drink from a cup and went to stand in a corner to drink sipping it slowly. Tom wound up while looking around the room eyes on the Amula and noticed the one with dark First One eyes was seated at a table. The male was surrounded by males gathered at the table while two were standing behind the First One he assumed wasn’t Amula. He finished with his drink placed it back into a machine for cleaning he assumed. Tom went back in the corner to stand with arms folded First One styled while looking around the room with his eyes. Tom saw the First One male eyeing him with some narrowed eyed look liked he was being scrutinized to him. He ignored it till a male Amula stopped in front of him. 
He gave a glare who spoke sounding nervous “The shower room is that way.” 
He saw the male point a finger in a direction showing an open big doorway off his right. That looked like it could hold double doors to him. 
Tom resumed glaring at the Amula who added “Shouldn’t you be showering? That it’s a must for people around here to do it and keep themselves clean? It’s unhygienic to not to shower or keeping clean.” 
He shrugged and kept the glare aimed at the male who again spoke using some begging tone annoying him “Please go shower. Its part of the rules around here for people to do that.” 
Tom reached out a hand in a fast move grabbing the male by the neck and lifted him up dangling his feet while hearing howling noises. Tom looked to see all the prisoners except the dark eyed First One and the male he was holding had changed into gonoids. That were growling and acting threatening towards him judging by their behavior. He heard a whistle sound and heard silence from the gonoids he eyed the First One. 
That removed an object from his mouth and spoke loudly “I would drop Reporter if I were you. The Wolves on my order will attack you if you don’t free him.”
He gave the First One a glare who added “Plus I warn you from sources that you’re in prison. The judge refused to grant you to be free among the public. 'Public safety' he says while your case of murdering a male in some illegal fight is pending. Don’t make the cops add the charges of assault on a prisoner with us saying you did it. I also must add that the Sergeant the prison warden is keeping quiet on you using some non Human ability to take down Tee Dee gonoids. It’s illegal for the prison to have those gonoids in captivity even in prison settings so drop him now.”
Tom obeyed seeing the Amula male bend down coughing loudly who shifted form into a gonoid. He figured from the First One’s talk was a Wolf. 
The First One added pointing a finger aimed at him “Get yourself over here and sit. I’m not finished talking to you. Besides there’s rules around here I think you should know of. I suspect you're not aware of including things involving you and your situation so come sit.” 
He saw the First One stop pointing. Tom obeyed walking towards him to get blocked by two wolves shifting form into males with gonoid eyes. 
One spoke “You sit at that chair opposite from the Boss now.”
He didn’t comment a response went to the chair opposite from the First One male he assumed was called the Boss. Tom sat leaning back with arms folded First One styled as he eyed the male. 
The Boss spoke “Your not entirely Human judging by the looks of your size, your eyes colored like that. You having an ability to lift up one of us easily without looking tired from that. Your not even Amula either judging by you not smelling like one from what they tell me when they smelled you asleep.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response as the Boss continued “So talk about what you have to say about my description of you.” 
Tom shrugged and spoke “You described me fine.” 
He got from the Boss “So you can talk even in Summeran language. It was assumed that you were the result of some cross breeding between the Shadonia and some Human like species. You proved that otherwise by the killing of Tee Dees. Displaying some odd look that suggested something else than that thought so talk on what it is that makes you not Human.” 
He spoke recalling some assassinations as ordered by the High Council “If I tell you ears listening would blab to others. They would use me as a weapon in their war with an enemy I serve willingly by using threats to get them to serve period. So don’t bother asking me again on that subject.” 
Tom eyed the Boss with a glare who didn’t flinch from the look instead the male spoke “I believe you’re referring to the High Council. You’re a servant of serving them as an assassin. Or you would have been forthcoming with the information on your non Human side and abilities.” 
He stiffened hearing the Boss’s words as the male continued “Ah the High Council is well known among Humans on the mainland to pull off assassinations onto people. Those people have been known to trash the group publicity in a negative way and killed off as a result. With no one claiming responsibility to their deaths hence the group assumed to be the responsible party.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as the Boss kept talking “Judging by the autopsies done on the Tee Dees you must be the mysterious assassin Humans dub Brain Wave. He's said to kill people by some mental mind power that shatters their mind organs into pieces ending their lives as a result. So don’t deny that the assassin is you when you proved that by the killing of the Tee Dees.” 
He narrowed his eyes as he spoke “What do you plan to do about this information since you smartly figured out things hmm?”
He eyed the Boss with narrowed eyes as the male spoke “Go take a shower you smell and get that stink off of you now.”
Tom gave off a sarcastic laughing sound to see the Boss form a frown on his face. 
He spoke “Someone before I wound up here warned me not to shower. I didn’t listen and got thrown out of the stall I was using and glass in my backside that was removed. I haven’t heard anything from the doctor on whether I’m medically able to take showers or not so put up with me being smelly as you say.” 
He cut his laughing as the Boss jabbed a finger aimed at him three times then folded his arms. He frowned at the gesture as he felt hands grabbing his head, arms and legs forcing him off the chair all over. Tom struggled in their arm grips feeling ironclad and refusing to budge from holding him. He was hauled in the air through some doorway from the looks of it while hearing sounds of thunder loudly. He continued to struggle against the ironclad holds as the hand holds were adjusted while feeling windy air onto him. Himself hearing one of them saying words that didn’t make sense as he was swung backwards and forwards then thrown forwards to land onto stone like ground. Tom screamed as rain pelted him all over feeling like pain hitting him each time the water hit him. He continued to scream feeling his body shift from Banshee and First One back to back. Tom unable to move from the rain water hitting him hard felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up to come to feeling himself lying on metal floor with hands gloved grabbing his arms and lifting him up to stand. He blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room still wearing his jumpsuit and feeling wet all over and able to move. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Shad spoke “Well what do you have to say Mindbender about this situation regarding you caught by First Ones doing an assassination?”
He spoke mentally towards the High Council sensing the Banshee in control “You have my loyalty High Council.” 
Tom heard in response a new voice sounding Freeloader within his mind “Even the High Council isn’t going to help you out of this situation. Tom so forget having loyalty towards them.” 
He blinked his eyes feeling the Falcons’ holds off of his arms to feel himself back in a cylinder tube still contained. Still while wearing various devices on his form along with the Banshee in control. 
The Freeloader voice continued “The High Council was overheard saying that your usefulness came to an end. They don’t feel like needing you anymore so your services as their assassin has come to an end.”
He snarled out mentally “You’re lying Freeloader! Tell me you’re lying! There’s no way the High Council would do this to me!” 
He heard from the Freeloader “Sorry Tom but the High Council’s interest in you has dropped. They have some other pressing matters to do than worry about freeing an assassin which Humans are now aware of. The High Council thanks to the Humans’ interests don’t want anything to do with you. If they expressed interests in you the Humans will figure out who’s the hand that had an assassin do multiple assassinations done on people. Hence they not doing anything to help you at the moment. Sorry Tom but I’m afraid you’ll be here for awhile till the Humans have forgotten the matter. It will take a very long time. The High Council has lots of work to do to make the information regarding you get dropped completely before they order you to their service again.” 
He fisted his hands feeling them clawed and not fisting properly as the Freeloader voice continued sounding in his mind “Oh I must warn you that the High Council didn’t order to the Meritanians to transport Banshees to them. Only do it to Keos. The Keo species in response have used that non order done on Banshees. To spread information as Banshees regarding the group and their work to the Humans including to the Zesky Hospital’s President. He's who has been made aware of you for awhile and has been working on perfecting a cage to contain you once you're in the hands of the hospital. Ah I must confess that the Keo warning you not to take a shower was aware of a plan to ensnare you. By having you medically take yourself out through showering method just to get you to take the shower due to how you feel towards the Keo species.” 
Tom stiffened hearing that as the Freeloader continued talking “Oh you fell for that shower trick. After knocking yourself out the Keos hidden managed to get glass shard pieces into your backside as deep as they could. They mentally ordered you through compulsion order to flare your Banshee side back and forth. Along with using your body’s defense system to keep others non Banshee from using any hand held devices to take out the glass shards within your body. As a result the High Council dumped you to the Zesky Hospital who preparedly took out the glass shards through some medical procedure. Then locked you in the cylinder tube you’re in at the moment.”
Tom continued to stiffen as the Freeloader kept talking “The Zesky Hospital people with help of the Keos spread some rumor for the High Council to hear. That they have found the assassin dubbed Brain Wave indentifying you as that. The group was overheard saying to their servants to delete computer records of you in their servitude but keep it written period. The High Council as a result also said they won’t have anything to do with you. They would be proven as the hand of having you doing assassinations.”
He bowed his head still hearing the Freeloader’s chatter “By the way the Humans has for multiple cycles. They have been trying to prove that the High Council is the hand behind various people breaking their laws including assassinations done too. Including anything done against people said to trash the group. The evidence hasn’t been forthcoming. This is despite people caught by law keepers who mysteriously pass away. After their overheard by the Meritanians saying that they were ordered by the High Council to do the job they were caught doing. Also I heard from sources related to the High Council that the group isn’t interested in killing you. They don’t seem inclined to do assassination to you whether you talk on being a servant of them or not.”
Tom frowned raising his head opening his eyes to squint against the murky plant colored water as the Freeloader added “I’m not sure what’s going on. The High Council normally have servants and assassins who are caught by the Humans doing jobs or identified as a servant of them killed off within one Human day’s time. Seven days have already passed and they haven’t done anything to you yet. I heard from sources hanging around the High Council that they seemed to have some kind of oath regarding keeping you alive. That despite what happened to you which I’m not sure why they have that oath in the first place.” 
He mentally spoke “Freeloader I was contacted by a hybrid Freeloader Human. Why isn’t the High Council doing anything about this hybrid as in using this person to serve them?”
He heard from the Freeloader “Actually that person you’re talking about is me. Can’t tell the difference from a full Keo to a hybrid talking to you mentally can’t you hmm?”
He stiffened and then mentally spoke “What is going on to not have the High Council aware of you anyway? The Meritanians are very blabby when it comes to affairs of several species around Shadan having mental power abilities from knowing them.” 
He frowned as he heard from the hybrid “Actually the Meritanians have been commanded to keep their mouths shut by Barry. I’m an offspring of himself and a Keo female via implantation courtesy of the Zesky Hospital doing it.”
Tom widen his eyes of shock and stiffened as a memory of meeting Lance Richard flashed in his mind via dream scenario. Along with the contents of the dream and telling the High Council what the contents was and Barry using the voice talent to make the group and himself forget about it. 
He heard from the hybrid “I see that you’re remembering what my Father did to you. It’s a shame that my Father now has an excuse to keep you contained. You’ll talk on what he doesn’t want the High Council to know period.” 
He mentally spoke “How do you plan on keeping the Meritanians out of scanning my mind or me calling them to do it?”
He heard “Ah they’ve been commanded not to scan your mind, Tom whether you call them or not. I’m like my Father has an ability to control people via voice orders. I’ll see that the Meritanians don’t even think of transporting you out of that tube despite them having an ability to do it.” 
He frowned hearing that heard again from the hybrid “Oh hold on Tom you’re wanted out of that sleeper tube so excuse the ride.” 
Tom jerked as he felt the sensation of the tube going horizontal. Along with feeling pressure from the water as it thrust himself out of an opening. Tom felt himself landed on metal floor. He willed away the Banshee ability feeling zapping electricity hitting him that stopped as the Banshee stopped being in control. Tom rubbed his eyes with his hands to feel a cloth thrown onto his head. He yanked off and figured from the feel of it, it was a towel. He thrust onto his eyes and face scrubbing himself. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly off his right along with gun cocking sounds. Tom removed the cloth and looked off his right to see two males kneeling with guns appearing to be the projectile type pointed in his direction. He saw behind them was a male with short cloud color hair wearing clothes similar to Barry with a glare on the man’s face. Tom frowned as his eyes traveled to see standing next to the male towering over him was another male who looked Keo like by the pointed ears and blonde hair. The hair was longer appearing to be pulled back and the eyes were Freeloader looking. Tom noticed that the male had arms folded showing hands looking First One with long fingernails he figured was a hybrid and offspring of Barry. 
He frowned shifting to the First One who spoke in Summeran “I have guards all around you. Some are hidden ready to take you down if you make a wrong move.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth then shut it closed as he set aside the towel. Tom stood up facing the male while sensing his mind scanned by his senses blaring warning. He figured that the hybrid was doing it folded his arms First One styled and frowned forming it on his face. He saw the male point a finger aimed at him and frowned further. The Freeloader hybrid spoke in foreign language using some compelling voice tone and blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room from the looks of it. 
He felt his arms grabbed by gloved hands and his hair grabbed thrusting his head up towards Anubis who peered at him before whispering loudly “Just some weird First One Shadonian Hybrid. What should we do with him hmm?”
Tom stiffened hearing that as Shad spoke “Ramses, transport him back to where he came from. Don’t ever transport this hybrid to us again. Stop playing that transportation joke onto us again. It’s getting annoying.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and felt himself freed and back to facing the familiar First Ones. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the male spoke “Oh forgot to add that spies of me have managed to wipe records of you from the High Council’s achieves computer or written. Doesn’t matter including Builders using voice orders onto the group and servants to forget about you. They always see you as some Shadonian Human hybrid if you get transported to them no matter how many times it's done.” 
He felt himself angry hearing that gave up a growling noise. 
The male continued “I’ll cut that noise if I were you. So I’m giving you a choice either be contained in that tube living out nightmares or live free living by Human rules in their society living among them so chose wisely, Tom.”
He cut his noise to glare at the First One as the he heard a male voice sounding in his mind sounding like Ramses to him “Please take the opportunity for freedom. You can still serve the High Council doing jobs for them the High Council may not have knowledge of you. They have knowledge of servants with identities hidden from the group reporting information to us Meritanians who speak the words to the group without saying who they are. You can do this due to that we Meritanians have indicated that we’ll say anything from anyone who tells them information about trashing the High Council the moment their mind is being scanned. Don’t expect us to answer your summons due to that we only focus on those living on the group’s home base for summoning orders and don’t expect us to mention your identity to the High Council due to that there’s no record of that and that the group will assume your just a stalker due to that they had stalkers before in the past that were thrown in prison for their behavior.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses again got from the First One “Well what’s your decision since I let you think about this hmm containment or freedom?”
He thought to himself about being contained due to being sure that the First Ones would outcast him. His thought was due to his looks. 
Tom opened his mouth and blurt “Freedom.” 
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling himself shocked with what he said but refrained from flaring the emotion on his face.
Tom continued to eye the male who spoke “The name is Alexei Zesky, President of the Zesky Hospital and leader of people who work the place around here. So introduce yourself to Tom here.” 
He frowned to eye the hybrid who spoke sounding like Barry “I’ve been given the name of Breaker by the One who is Alexei here as dubbed around here. The Breaker name comes from successfully torturing people to admitting things. It doesn’t matter if it involves crimes they’ve committed too.”
Tom frowned hearing that as Alexei he assumed he’ll call him spoke “Alright get him to an outpatient room for him to get this mess of tech off of him. Him cleaned up along with other necessities he needs.” 
He heard agreements from the men behind him. 
Tom felt one had a hand on his arm which he looked, got told “Follow me now.” 
He obeyed following the male who removed his hand sensing two others escorting. They walked a maze of hallways and stairwells passing by people mostly First Ones and noticed some of the people had some looks on them that suggested hybrid status to him by skin and eye colors along with various heights. He didn’t comment anything to them as he was led to a door and ordered to get inside. He obeyed. 
Tom heard from the guard “You’re free to do anything you like in this room along with removing the tech on your form. But treat people as you want to be treated by them period.” 
He walked inside and heard the door slam shut behind him and growled feeling rage hitting him. 
He felt manacles on his ankles and wrists mentally spoke “Restraints off.” 
He felt the manacles, and tube around his sensitive part and tech disks that was on his form fall off of him landing on the floor. He kneeled amid the mess and gave off loud roaring noises of anger. He howled and howled till a hand Freeloader like clamped his jaw shut along with keeping it shut despite his throat making noises. 
He looked around the room seeing no one in sight as a male Freeloader’s voice was heard verbalized “Stop it Tom. Throwing a tantrum isn’t going to get you anything around here. Besides it took my people a great deal of convincing to Alexei and his people to give you the opportunity to chose between being contained and freedom despite them thinking of just containing you. So don’t blow the chance of being free or make Alexei regret granting your freedom due to you picking that choice.” 
He cut off his noises sounding in his throat and willed himself to calm. 
The Freeloader added still verbalizing his words “Tom, take the opportunity for a new life living among the Humans. Besides my people have an idea of getting the Humans to putting your mental abilities to use. We assure you that they won’t be used against the High Council period. Just will your mental side out now so I can tell it to you mentally without others overhearing it.” 
He heard the firmness in the Freeloader’s voice tone obeyed willing the Banshee through.
Tom heard from the male mentally “Breaker has been used by Alexei to get people spying on him to admit who put them up to it and why. Alexei has been having people not loyal to him getting into the Zesky Hospital’s circle to spy on things done around here. Them reporting to a group dubbed Protectors of Nature or PON who alert the government that send people here and tell Alexei to stop the certain things done. This has resulted in people being contained or put down as a result of the government alerted by PON. They threatening to not give the hospital certain money amounts to keep it running like they normally do every certain time periods.”
He frowned hearing that as the Freeloader continued talking mentally “Anyway regarding you, the Meritanians when contacted by Alexei. They have used some excuse of saying that the High Council has found various Humans living on one of their inhabited islands. Mostly on their home base living out of touch with civilization due to some amnesia problem while having injuries to their forms that suggested civilization like lives. The High Council has refused to say how the Humans got to the island and even with injuries to their forms as well. The High Council as a result has managed to transport via warship the found Humans to the Zesky Hospital for examination along with their memories restored. It's currently the excuse used to explain your presence to people here due to spies by the PON group.”
He kept his mind blank in response to continued hearing from the Freeloader “Besides I want to tell you that is a member of the government unsure who it is has secretly put in an order. Alexei is to create some kind of super soldier bodyguard without saying who that is for. Alexei has been in process of creating that for a Human year with creation interrupted by spies of the PON group alerting the government of that. Who keep ordering him to stop doing that creation but the mysterious government official has repeatedly kept giving out that order. Despite the interruptions which has been happening for that time frame. Anyway the idea is to have Alexei present you as this completed order to this government official. This should get both the PON group and government official to back off on picking on him. So that he can get the promised money he needs to run the place. Alexei have the government stop making him give them money each time they find out he’s doing something they don’t like by the spies of the PON group.”
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as the Freeloader stopped talking. 
He mentally spoke “Oh how Alexei can explain my so called creation to people if this government finds out and makes him pay another money sum as a result.” 
He heard from the Freeloader “Actually there’s a rumor going around that this government official has someone in the government secretly diverting money from government. Funds to the Zesky Hospital each payment equal to the amount Alexei pays to the government. Just to make up for the money he needs to make the order. Besides Alexei’s excuse to creating you is that someone else took pity on him overheard the order. Wasn’t a secret around here and did the job behind his back without him knowing about it. There’s some people around here that don’t tell him what’s really going on. Just to keep him out of getting in trouble by the government and the PON group’s spying.”
Tom mentally spoke “Fine I’ll do it. How do you plan to do this idea with Alexei’s agreement or not?”
He heard “Sorry that idea was originally Breaker’s who scanned Alexei’s mind. He is in process of telling him to do this.”
He mentally spoke “Well what am I supposed to be doing anyway for this idea to be happening?”
Tom heard knocking on the door three knocks he counted followed by the Freeloader speaking mentally “Will away the mental ability now. You have to keep hidden your mental ability from others in this place till your in presence of who your body guarding.” 
He obeyed to feel the Freeloader’s hand travel to his forehead followed by a zapping feeling of electricity hitting him making him feel sleepy. He shut his eyes only to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek while feeling himself seated in a chair restrained. Tom felt himself clad in clothes that consisted of underwear shorts, socks, thick pants and a thick long sleeve top that felt like it was buttoned in front fell below his waist along with shoes on his feet that felt like boots. He jerked open his eyes raising his head as the hand removed itself from his cheek spying his clothes were in the color of white from the knowledge, with some grey designs on it that made him think it was army related. He looked around seeing he was underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. Tom spotted on both sides of him two male figures with faces covered highlighting them as Humans. They were wearing some kind of clothing that made him think of army combat wear in the color of black that looked like some version of his clothes but didn’t have grey designs on them. They with long guns in their hands both appearing to eye him judging by their faces aimed at him. He looked in front of him to spot standing on the edge of the spotlight were two army men. Between them was a male wearing a black sack cloth like mask that looked like the type to blind people with despite covering the head entirely. Not showing any details with some outfit of a white business suit on complete with a white metal tie on the form while having black wire like gloves on that covered his lower arms and hands. Tom frowned eyeing the male who moved his hands in some gesture.
He heard an electronic male voice speaking “Hmph the One made his end of the bargain but the goods look like some Shadonian Human hybrid to me-“
Tom interrupted giving off a roaring noise. 
Tom cut his noises to mentally willed the Banshee forwards to look at the guard off his left and mentally spoke “Restraints off, throw back, Human to me.” 
He saw his orders obeyed as he grabbed the Human he assumed he’ll call them from now on by the neck. Tom got up from the chair and dangled the male high above him while glaring at the masked suited male to feel a gun point poking him in the back. He willed away the Banshee and tossed the man aside seeing him get thrown in the air backwards out of sight into the inky darkness. He held up his hands in some Human surrender gesture still feeling the poking. He heard a loud thud sound from the thrown male’s landing. 
Tom eyed the suited up male who signed words heard “Alright you proved your point, since I’ll call you by the name of Thunder. Guards stand down now. The One kept up his bargain. He’ll receive his money now.” 
He heard a loud ribbit sound sounding loudly heard from the suited up male “Drat the cops are coming! Take him! Get him out of sight now!”
He didn’t resists as he felt his arm grabbed and yanked out of the spotlight. He looked behind him to see the suited up male sit in the chair hand the gloves to a guard. The male seen get restrained to it. He looked away with night vision in his eyesight to see the both of them going to a large stone like wall that was vast in height and lengthy which they stopped reaching it. He watched as the guard let go of him and began ramming the stone wall with a grunt sound. He heard a faint squeak sound that suggested a hidden door. He darted forwards and pushed the wall, over the shorter than him male till it gave away. They both went inside with the guard pushing the wall back in place that gave up a soft squeak sound. Tom didn’t comment as he found himself in a hallway and got ordered by the guard to follow. Tom obeyed following seeing scattered doorways showing hallways on both sides of the walls. He followed the guard entering a doorway that showed a corridor still having night vision in his eyesight. Tom figured that the guard wasn’t surprised by that. Tom being sure that Alexei mentioned something about him seeing in the dark. He continued to follow the guard till they reached a door in the wall with a button console in it. Tom watched as the male pressed buttons followed by the door opening showing a small room. He figured was an elevator which inside saw the guard hoist his gun and aim his hands towards a camera dome making gestures with his hands. 
He was finding himself suddenly understanding the hand language said “The package is here as ordered. Cops got bit onto the delivery spot hence we here so transport us up now.” 
He felt the elevator go up with a humming sound as the male stopped signing his words. The guard held the gun back in hand to turn facing him and continued to stare at him from senses blaring about it. He frowned to fold his arms looking around the elevator seeing it didn’t have a console for pushing up. A lone camera dome in the corner of it above him as the elevator gave up a jerk by it stopping. Then the doors slid open showing a lighted by overhead lighted hallway which he was ordered out by the guard. He obeyed and followed the guard to a bend in the hallway. Showing another hallway, he saw, having guards wearing identical clothing like the guard but their faces were seen. Tom saw that they were mostly human with some flaring eyes golden he looked at them while passing by them standing in front of doors. He wordlessly kept his mouth shut as the guard led him to a door guarded by a Human with Amula eyes who opened the door. Showing a set of stairs which he followed the masked guard up them going up three sets then entered a doorway showing a hallway. He was led to a doorway and ordered inside. Tom obeyed finding it was a one room apartment by the looks of it via knowledge spilling in his mind. He saw the apartment having a bed and kitchen unit and bathroom seen through a doorway in the wall. He heard the door to the quarters shut. He sighed as he explored the apartment seeing the bathroom had some kind of automatic light switch sensed for his presence as he entered it. He saw wasn’t that big and had a shower tub combination. Tom examined the shower faucet seeing it was on a bar for raising it up and down various height lengths and seemed suited for him. He examined himself in the mirror above the sink. Tom saw on closer scrutiny that his scar was still there. He rubbed a hand on his cheek where the marking was to feel it intact and not gone. He sighed and eyed his hair to frown seeing it looked like it was entirely cut off leaving only his head partially bald but marked by multiple closed together black spots. Tom frowned and eyed himself in the eyes seeing his eyes were the same as ever human black looking. He sighed again and left the bathroom to explore the rest of the apartment. Tom find there weren’t any views to outside despite there being a rectangular glass window in the wall that only showed blackness. He looked around spotting a wooden bed stand holding a mattress having blankets and pillows on top of it against the wall opposite from the bathroom’s doorway. He spotted the kitchen unit off his right having a small refrigerator underneath the counter and a cook top over it with a sink next to it having a faucet with cold and water faucets. Tom frowned but looked up in the ceiling to see it was completely smooth and didn’t appear to have any camera domes in it. He eyed the refrigerator to yank open the door to find multiple bottles of glass with pinkness in them. 
He took out and examined the label finding himself understanding what it said “Strawberry milkshake.”
Tom felt himself itching to drink opened the bottle by twisting the cap and brought it to his lips. He forced himself to drink it slowly finding it tasting similar to the High Council’s medicinal drink for medical injuries. He found himself only drinking half of the bottle. He put the cap back on once done and placed it back into the refrigerator unit and then went to the apartment’s door hearing a humming sound coming from it. That suggested electricity which he eyed it to see it appeared to be made out of wood but wasn’t sure of the electrical sounds. He sighed and eyed above the door to see a lighted light bulb sticking out in the wall illuminating the apartment. He frowned then looked off in the corner meeting the wall to see a camera dome with a red light in it and sighed again. He went to the bed and adjusted the pillows to lean them against the headboard which he leaned back and eyed the bathroom doorway to see the light turn itself off. Then he eyed the black window seeing it looked like a TV monitor to him due to it highlighted by some kind of frame around it. The TV looked too small to be a spy window and appeared to be facing the door to the apartment and not appearing to see anything all around the quarters. Tom sighed and punched the pillows with his hands and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. Tom figured it was best to get rest till he was called to do some bodyguard work. He shut his eyes only to open them feeling well rested. He heard a ringing sound sounding loudly within the apartment. He figured was a doorbell only to glimpse the TV blinking on showing a rainbow of colors on it. Tom got up and went to the TV monitor and from memory of servant work with the High Council pressed a hand on the screen then removed his hand. It stopped its colorful rainbow to focus showing a male wearing army wear clothing while seated and having some headset on his head despite the beret. 
He kept his mouth shut as the male spoke “This is Operator One speaking to Thunder please respond.” 
Tom spoke “This is Thunder here.”
He heard from the male Operator One he assumed that spoke “Good, the President has sent a package which will arrive at the code of three, Operator One out.” 
He saw the screen changed to rainbow colors. He pressed a hand to the monitor and saw it became black. He went to sit on the bed looking around the room spotting besides the bathroom doorway on each side of it was two dressers. He got up and peered into them seeing nothing inside and with a sigh went to sit on the bed leaning against the pillows on the headboard and shut his eyes. Only to open them when he heard rapid fire knocking sounds on the apartment door he counted in the Human's code for the number of three. He got up and went to the door seeing a peephole and peered through to see an army man there holding a suitcase. Tom yanked open the door and stood with arms folded as the male walked inside dragging the suitcase and placed it on top of the floor in front of the bed. He unfolded his arms and shut the door and stared questioningly at the male.
The male spoke “The President who you’re to bodyguard requests you to wear a certain uniform and to be covered from the neck up keeping your identity secret. You’ll find the necessity items in this suitcase. I have to take the uniform and shoes you’re wearing to be put in the clothes carrier sir.” 
Tom didn’t say a word as the male bent to open the suitcase showing folded clothing inside that looked similar to what the male was wearing. He stripped himself of his shoes and clothes leaving his underwear shorts on. Tom heard a throat clearing noise from the male who gave him a glare and held up a tubal device in his hand that had a red light coming from it.
The male spoke “The President wants the merchandise on record for medical reasons sir.” 
He didn’t protest a comment removed the underwear shorts and held up his arms at his sides as gestured by the male. Tom then slowly turned around in a circle while hearing whirring sounds appearing to come from the tubal device, he once done faced the male and got handed a pair of underwear. He saw wasn’t shorts from the looks of it. He placed them on and got handed pants similar styled as the male’s pants then got handed a vest feeling metallic hard from the feel of it. Tom recall it was a bulletproof vest which he put on expertly as if knowing how to do it. 
He thought to himself as he was handed the top for the uniform “Hmph Breaker and Alexei must have manipulated me to do things like I’m supposed to do them expertly.”
He didn’t comment anything else as he put on the top expertly that covered his entire upper body and part of his neck. Leaving his hands at the wrists bare and then got handed a pair of black socks and boots which he put on expertly. He then got handed a black cloth which he saw was a head cover mask. Tom placed it on covering his head and bare neck entirely with part of it. Tom felt covering the top’s neck covering and the eyes’ area covered by some black glassy material that wasn’t glass. He figured were there to protect his eyes from sunlight glare and anything getting into them. Tom stood eyeing the male who put away his former clothes and shoes back into the suitcase.
The male spoke “Thunder, the President will send for you as soon as he’s not indisposed.” 
Tom watched as the male left the apartment. He figured that the President was the male wearing the white suit with metal tie having face and head covered and signed with electronic gloves. He went to back to his bed and sat down leaning against the pillows eyes on the TV screen with a frown waiting for any communications to come through. He shut his eyes feeling like he needed to sleep for he figured that rest will be best for him to get.

Tom came to hearing a door knocking sound sounding in five knocks to him. Tom got up and peered through the peephole to spot a Human man with grey white long shoulder length hair standing there wearing a blue suit and a red tie escorted by two army men there. He yanked open the door and stared with a frown at the suited up male who looked him up and down and found himself towering over the three men by his height. 
He stood and waited as the suited up male spoke “The name is Burke Marshall call sign Teague. I'm second in command to the Leader of Richardson Industries Donald Marshall call sign President. He’s who your to bodyguard and protect. The President expects a perfect job in this. He went a quite a great deal of trouble and paid a good amount of money to acquire you so don’t make him regret this, Thunder.”
He didn’t comment a response but bobbed his head as Teague he assumed he’ll call him continued “Thunder, President when he asked for you and your services requested that you have knowledge of detecting being mind scanned. There’s species dubbed Highlander that are mind walkers. They have been blabbing various things all over the place to anyone they think is worthy of gaining the information. They have been doing that to my boss repeatedly including sickening the cops onto him to annoyances of myself and him as well.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut instead folded his arms and stared at Teague who kept talking “Oh President is to my knowledge currently at the police precinct. A discovered spy loyal to a rival industry company dubbed Whitestone was detected to anonymously called. Said that he was kidnapped by his own guards. Something he had to prove true. Just to find out who this spy is. This spy in question has been causing President lots of trouble by blabbing various secret information regarding Richardson industries to Whitestone. So that they can get ahead of us on the money we gain from creating various items. This has happened already several times this month.”
Tom bobbed his head Human styled as Teague continued “I warn you that it’s another countless stunt Richardson Industries had to put up with. With spies from rival companies spying on us for our secrets and using what we created for money gain along with getting the credit for it. Getting people’s support for the creations that were sold among the market making people’s lives better.”
He frowned hearing that as he heard a throat clearing noise from one of the guards.
Teague added “Actually your services is due to that there were numerous assassination attempts on President’s life. Happened soon after he was freed from being imprisoned for a prison sentence of eight years. He recently came out about a year ago. His incarceration was that he did some bad things that would have given him too many years kept in prison. His light sentence was that he told on others breaking the law taking them down in the process. President has managed to get them jailed as a result with lengthy prison sentences. The assassination attempts are apparently retaliation against his blabbing to the law on other people committing crimes. By people loyal to the ones he got jailed hence your services as his bodyguard.”
Tom again gave a head bob as Teague continued “I expect from you to do your job to the best of your ability to keep President alive at all costs. He’s at the moment currently underneath scrutiny by the public. Word getting out recently by the press blaring it. He’s the one responsible for getting people known to be well off rich with money that break the law in jail. For crimes they were attempting to get away with by using their wealth to pay off various people just to stay out of prison. The public has been divided on how their feeling towards President. Spies asking them about the subject pretending to be poll people. So be warned that I warned you to do your job the best you can period.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise from one of the guards and saw the male tap Teague on the shoulder twice which the male added “Ah guards are reporting that President is in residence at the moment so come with me while I introduce you both to each other.”
He walked out shutting the door and stood next to Teague who spoke “I warn you that President has been very strict towards bodyguards protecting him. He won’t accept anything involving a trip to the hospital for some simple injury. He expects to be protected enough to avoid getting medical help. Personally I say if his own body gives him medical distress. Then he can be hospitalized but anything else than that be warned that he’ll be using strictness onto you.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Teague walked away with guards following. He took up the rear following them down the hallway. Till they reached the familiar door where an Amula male was standing in front that opened the door to the stairs seeing him and the three males. He followed Teague and guards up three flights of stairs while hearing Teague huffing and puffing and groaning loudly. 
The male groaned out “Drat Donald for changing the configurations of the building to copy the Castle building designs. I despise the stairs and would rather use the elevator Argh.” 
He heard nothing from the guards verbalized but a throat clearing noise as Teague stopped talking. They went up another flight of stairs till they reached a guard with Amula eyes standing in front of a door. He heard from Teague give off a loud groan sound. He kept his mouth shut as the Amula opened the door showing a hallway. He followed Teague and escorts inside that showed an elevator at the end of it with a camera dome shown above it. He and group reached the elevator and stood watching as one of the guards hoisted his gun and moved his hands aimed at the camera dome.
Signing he saw “Teague with package for President so open the doors now.” 
He saw the guard put the gun back in hand and waited as he heard a ding sound followed by the elevator doors opening showing no one inside. He followed Teague and escorts into it and felt it go up seemingly not too lengthy then stopped with a jerk motion. He walked out following Teague and guards to see a small room with two entrances and between the doorways. Was a desk having a female Human wearing a red colored outfit and a headset on her brown pulled back haired head while appearing to be typing on a laptop from his memory of the High Council’s servants using them in front of him. 
He eyed the female who looked up and spoke as her typing stopped appearing to see him by her eyes aimed in his direction “Package here as delivered by Teague sir.” 
He frowned as Teague reaching the desk stopped and appeared to eye her. The female cocked her head with eyes narrowing some far away look then she concentrated on him.
She spoke “Entry granted go to your left to meeting room number four sir.” 
He wordlessly followed Teague and escorts through the doorway off his left. Tom saw a large hallway with double doors on again his left he counted about five. With picture frames off his right on the wall with five greenly plants scattered in front of the wall that reminded him of the Meritanians from the looks of them. He kept his mouth shut about that as his senses blared telling him his mind was being scanned. Tom eyed the plants off the corners of his eyes as he and group passed them. Stop reaching a set of double doors which he sensed the scanning stop abruptly. He stood and eyed Teague who knocked on the door five times he counted then a guard opened the door. He followed the male inside to see a circular room with black curtain walls having a circular table with chairs surrounding it underneath a spotlight. The door to the room slammed shut behind him and Teague, leaving a guard in the room with him who stood with arms folded. He stood with arms folded looking around the room. Tom seeing no one in sight but the guard sensed someone was hidden behind the walled curtain. 
Teague, he eyed spoke out loud “Package delivered from the One as requested President.” 
He heard an electronic voice speaking in a male tone sounding like the masked white suited male’s language and voice tone in Summeran language “Teague that’s all. Leave the package here while I’ll attend to it.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Teague looked at him and pointed a finger aimed at him and then pointed it down before leaving the room with door shutting in a gentle slam from behind. He stood looking around the room ignoring the guard. As if drawn focused on a spot of the walled curtain and turned his form towards that area while keeping his eyes focused on it with the table off his right. He unfolded his arms and pointed a finger in the direction of the spot he eyed jabbing and then resumed folding his arms. 
Tom heard from the voice “Interesting but with due respects remove your mask. So I would know your identity which is now being kept secret from others in my organization with those having knowledge put down on a permanent basis.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and without a word removed his mask baring his head. Tom found the guard had turned his back. Tom resumed folding his arms hand holding the mask and continued to eye the spot in the walled curtain. 
He again heard “Anything special about you, you care to show me despite your appearance looking the way it is?”
He frown feeling himself confused to that question that suggested that the white suited male he met wasn’t really the one Teague talked about. He mentally willed the Banshee through and held up one of his clawed hands flexing it towards the direction of the walled curtain still eyeing the spot. 
Tom mentally spoke “Mind hidden reveal.” 
Tom heard a loud groan sound. He sensed a male mind identifying him as a deathless Humanoid, by the High Council telling him about them, named Donald Marshall despite his senses blaring warning of familiarity. He wound up clearly sensed from the man’s thoughts that the male could detected him scanning by feeling a familiar headache. 
He mentally spoke “Mind hidden reveal stop.” 
He heard a loud gasp sound from the male. Tom withdrew the Banshee to resumed folding his arms eyes on a spot on the walled curtain wall. He sensed was where Donald Marshall aka President was hidden and narrowed his eyes aimed in that direction. 
Tom again heard from the electronic voice “Confirm or deny that you have mental mind abilities due to sensing you doing it.” 
He spoke verbalizing his words in Summeran language “I confirm along with some mental abilities to move people and objects mentally by mental power abilities.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the electronic voice spoke “Demonstrate onto the guard this moving mental ability.” 
He exhaled a breath figuring out that President he figured he’ll refer him was testing him before deciding on accepting him for the bodyguard job. 
He mentally willed the Banshee through and mentally ordered eyes on a chair “Guard, throw back.” 
He saw his order obeyed by the guard looking shocked flying backwards appearing to aim for the walled curtain. 
Tom mentally spoke in a rush “Guard stop and hover.” 
Tom watched as the guard stopped flying backwards and hovered in the air held in place. 
He mentally spoke “Guard to me.” 
He held out a hand in a fast move as the guard flew towards him.
Tom caught the male by the neck dangling him. The guard not displaying any emotion seen or sensed any fear. 
He then mentally ordered “Guard hover.” 
He let go of the guard's neck and saw the male hover near him while hearing nothing from President verbalizing. He heard muffled sounds of screaming to him. Tom figured that the male was reacting of shock and having a hand over his mouth to keep him from hearing his noises from them being muffled. 
He mentally added “Guard land feet on floor now.” 
He saw his order obeyed by the guard landing on top of the floor feet touching it and shifted back towards the spot. Tom wound up mentally willing away the Banshee to again narrow his eyes. 
Tom heard from President he assumed was signing the words saying “What kind of mental abilities you have without that form in control?”
He spoke verbalizing his words recalling his time with the High Council them testing his mental abilities in his Human form “I can detect my mind scanned by senses alerting me of it. Also I can detect when a mind walker is mentally talking to me which always triggers the Berserker form to come out so I would receive the talk.” 
Tom clamped his mouth shut recalling the High Council called his Banshee form as Berserker. Tom figured he’ll refer it as Berserker as that to people when asked and continued to eye the spot as the curtain moved. A figure stepped out from behind it showing a Human appearance male with brown Human eyes looking nervous to him. Tom saw the male had short white spiky hair and wearing black clothing. That included a Human business wear jacket with a silver metal tie having some blue stone on it around his neck that stood staring at him. He eyed the male to see him remove wires from his hands and arms to place them behind the curtain then moved the cloth back in its spot then folded his arms to stare at him back with nervousness sensed from him. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the male spoke in Summeran “I’m who people around here serving me refer by call sign President but actual name is Donald Marshall. I insist you refer me as President when talking to others serving me. The word ‘Sir’ to me when talking to me so put back on the mask now.” 
He obeyed putting the mask back on covering his entire head and his neck area. Despite the top having some neck coverage and stood with arms folded staring at President. 
The male continued talking “Guard get out now!'
He found the guard obeying to slam the door with a bang sound making him grimace.
Tom heard from President again "Your job as bodyguard is to keep me alive at all costs period. Also I expect you to obey my orders I give you. One more thing I want you to avoid killing anyone regardless of who they are even if it means protecting me from harm. Just don’t kill anyone and that’s an order period.” 
Tom bobbed his head as President paused and seethed inwardly while baring his teeth. Himself not agreeing to the male’s no kill order. 
He heard from President “Scan my mind for there’s info I want to say but can’t say out loud due to recording devices.” 
He obeyed willing the Banshee through and mentally gave his order to scan President’s mind to see a grimace form on the male’s face and heard mentally “I’m giving you the name of Thunder around here for people to communicate with you. I also will use the code word ‘Berserk’ in any word form or sentence as a way for you to bring out your Berserker side as commanded. Also I expect you to use hand language from time to time when my people or I communicate that to you. Or when giving out warnings of danger without trying to tip off a possible assassinator of that so quit scanning my mind now. ”
Tom obeyed to hear door knocking sounds sounding of codes of three knocks in a row followed by a single knock that repeated twice. 
He frowned as President spoke out loud “Come in.” 
Tom twisted his form facing the door and thrust hands behind his back as two of President’s guards came into the room hauling a figure. Appearing to be a Highlander with eyes covered by blindfold while wearing a uniform similar styled as the men while having handcuffs on. He eyed the Highlander refraining from scanning as the men brought the male to the table yanking off the chair off of it and thrust the mind walker into the chair then stood straightening up their forms. 
Tom frowned as one of the men spoke “Sir caught this Highlander on multiple recorders appearing to use some kind of hypnosis trick onto guards to let him gain entrance to into the building. Guards hypnotized reported that they were compelled to do something they didn’t want to do. Despite seeing the Highlander in their presence and they fully remember what this manoid did to them. One of them managed to trigger the intruder alarm on their radio at their location.” 
He heard nothing from President but got attracted by a hand wave. 
He eyed the male to see him sign “Anything else to report on this Highlander and what did he actually do around here?”
He shifted to look at the guards to see one sign “Highlander when caught bragged. He knows about some package you received. 
Said 'The High Council will get their hands on the package for their purposes.' 
He didn’t seem to do anything serious around here except appeared to want to let himself get caught. By him standing in a hallway allowing himself to get immobilized. We scanned him deeply for anything device wise. Haven’t found anything to indicate it.”
He eyed the Highlander and mentally gave up the order to scan and heard from the male mentally “Mindbender is that you scanning me?”
He mentally spoke “Yes.”
He heard from the Highlander “The High Council is still interested in having you serving them but they can’t do that at the moment. It will take awhile for that to happen-“
Tom heard a gunshot sound interrupting the Highlander and sensed the male’s mind shut down abruptly. He sensed was the male had died and shifted eyes towards President feeling himself getting angry from that death. 
He glared at President who signed “Strip his body of the uniform and put the High Council clothes on set for him. 
Make sure the courier dumps him in Highlander Ville with a note attached that says ‘Your assassin found and dealt with permanently.’ 
And do it now.” 
He stiffened from the words to hear from Ramses abruptly “Argh High Council a group of First Ones managed to figure out the identity of an assassin and has clearly recorded evidence of him doing an assassination. They haven’t figured out if he’s working alone for himself as a stalker of you or working for you at the moment.”
He heard nothing from Ramses as his angry mood stopped. He caught President waving a hand towards him to notice that the Highlander was gone along with the guards. 
He willed away the Banshee and signed “Excuse me was thinking of something.”
He folded his arms and stared at President who signed “I have people with special abilities working for me at the moment. The High Council has managed from time to time to send Highlander servants to deliver messages to me of acquiring those special people. This has become reality with the persons brought to the High Council mysteriously. This has been reported via Highlander servants of them to me that the group has someone scanning their minds deeply. Then ordered to serve them doing assassination jobs with threats of retribution if they refuse or balk doing an order. This serving job lasts till the High Council gets bored of the servant and dumps them onto the Zesky Hospital via warship of theirs. The servant in question gets contained at the Zesky Hospital either put down asleep or doing jobs for the place. Due to reportedly that they’ve been identified as an assassin by Humans. They can’t live among the Human species without fear of Humans targeting them in a court of law. The High Council would kill them off if they admit serving them. Just to avoid being put to death by the law, as stated by our King, the leader of the Human species.”
He frowned from the words as President continued signing “Alexei Zesky President of the Zesky Hospital known to me via communications has a soft spot for people who aren’t Human. Even towards those who do assassinations under orders of the High Council. He has managed to use the Zesky Hospital place as a sanctuary for people with special abilities to live after their done serving the group. His soft spot has gotten him in trouble repeatedly. Some group dubbed PON short for Protectors of Nature having spies getting among Alexei’s people. Them finding out about the assassins living there as sanctuary. Then blabbing about it to law enforcement or government officials. Alexei in response after the law or government finds out and confronts him has put the person down in some sleep status. He has gone to great lengths to get information of the person being an assassin removed anyway he can. Along with removing PON spies from his people. He after a successful removal has managed to free the person from sleep status and altered their appearance. So they can still live freely at the Zesky Hospital with exceptions of having them live among the Humans doing bodyguard jobs for them. With no knowledge of them being a former assassin shared to them.”
Tom frowned further forming it on his lips despite his mask covering his face.
President added verbalizing “Scan me.” 
He obeyed and heard mentally from President “I figured out that’s what you are a former servant assassin of the High Council. Alexei took pity on and gave you to me so you would have a life among the Humans. So stop scanning me.” 
He halted the scans and willed away the Banshee to stare at President mentally thinking to himself “If you ever think of this thought and confront me of being an assassin of the High Council again. I oath I will kill you and who else around too.” 
He glared at President who spoke out loud “Did you scan that Highlander’s mind?”
He spoke verbalizing his words “Yes. I was busy trying to process what I acquired from him due to the shut down of his mind indicating a death status.”
He continued to glare as President spoke “Anything indicating the High Council?”
He spoke “You don’t want me to say anything regarding the High Council. The High Council will overhear via whatever method. Stick their noses into your business causing you too much trouble even death. So don’t bother asking me that question again period. I refused to talk about the High Council. The Highlander was serious with his message from them. So drop the subject now.”
He got from President “Alright then I won’t bring them up to you again in a personal talk to you. Anyway come along let’s get out of this depressing room. I need to go to my office and do some business work that needs tending. I didn’t finish. I order you to escort me to there. Pay attention to the room’s contents. I expect you to familiarize yourself with my office. Just so you’ll notice anything out of ordinary that seems suspicious.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he wordlessly followed President out of the room. Tom sensed two males with Amula eyes seen by him while wearing guards’ wear escorting them. That continued their escort to the elevator and felt the thing go up seemingly lengthy to him. He frowned as the Amula continued to escort the both of them walking out of the elevator showing a familiar room. With two entrances and a female Human wearing red with twin looks as the female Human he saw before, seated at a desk typing onto a laptop while wearing a headset. He frowned eyeing her to figure that she and the other female were either twins or wearing disguises to make them seem alike.  He continued to follow President with Amula escorting to the doorway off his right. Tom saw a large hallway with double doors at the end looking like they were made out of metal to him. He frowned as the double doors swung open. He and group reached them and followed President through the doorway sensing the Amula had stopped their escort. Tom looked around the room seeing it was on the large sized but not to large to him that had a rectangular dining table with multiple chairs of ten around it in colored brown. He halted from walking as he heard the doors swung shut behind him. Tom watched President bypass the table going to one end where nearby was a desk holding some thin monitored computer he guessed with a keyboard. Tom spotted behind the desk on the wall was some kind of window. He figured was actually a large TV monitored view screen that was flashing various images of the city he saw. Tom figuring that it was from recorder devices. He scanned the room looking around seeing that there was a metal like door in the wall off his left. Tom figured that it was a room for containing objects due to that it had a wheel turn knob on its front. He continued to scan the room as President he noticed went to sit at the desk. Began typing onto the keyboard eyes onto the computer monitor appearing to ignore him and focused on the thing. He noticed a doorway and went to it to peer inside seeing it was a bathroom. Tom found a box holding some sand like substance in the corner that stank making him feel disgusted. Tom wandered around the room and found something that indicated a gonoid presence by seeing food bowls for it along with water bowls. He frowned as he went to the table to yank a chair. Tom heard a loud yowl along with heaviness from the chair. He looked to find an orange Furball the High Council dub them but actually called cat by the Human species in the chair that was seated on haunches with ears flat on the head. He exhaled a breath and thrust back the chair then went to another chair and yanked it back to look at it. He saw it looked like a normal chair which he sat down and folded his arms while eyeing President typing lengthy onto the computer seemingly ignoring him. 
He heard President speak pausing from typing “Secretary what’s on my agenda for tonight?”
He frowned as he heard a female voice speaking loudly “A fundraiser for the Governor campaign for reelection sir. You were invited to that by the Governor’s aides personally hand delivering an invitation.” 
He frowned as President spoke “Argh where is it and don’t tell me it’s in Albany. That’s a lengthy drive away. You know me I despise being in the car for lengthy periods.” 
Tom heard from the female secretary he assumed who spoke “Actually the fundraiser is in Carville mansion on the outskirts of New York City. I warn you that it’s out on dinosaur land. It’s reported that the Governor chose the location for security reasons and that the mansion is very well guarded sir.” 
He continued to eye President who rolled his eyes and spoke sounding like groaning to him “What godly hour am I expected to arrive anyway?”
Tom heard from the Secretary “Actually around six o'clock like any of the other guests are supposed to start showing up. From what it was reported about the fundraiser. From the local news broadcasting it but they haven’t said anything about the location. Must be security reasons sir. You’re expected to leave in an hour’s time Sir. How bad traffic always is in the city.”
Tom heard nothing from President. 
He spoke out loud “What did they say about bodyguards being present at the fundraiser?”
He saw President focus his eyes onto him as the Secretary’s voice was heard answering his question “The Governor’s aides when questioned about the invitation and bodyguards subject. Emphasized that bodyguards are allowed there but must be discreet and silent. Along with keeping themselves from being flaunted to the others. Along with keeping themselves out of affairs of what the people are doing there. Unless it's for the safety of the person their guarding sir.”
Tom eyed President who spoke “Thank you Secretary that’s all.” 
He saw President resume some typing followed by pausing and looking in his direction while speaking “With due respects Thunder. I expect you to refrain from using your voice while doing your job. Unless talking is necessary in an emergency when I’m unable to communicate my words you understand?”
He bobbed his head in a Human style yes gesture. 
President added “Lucky for me the voice recorder scrambled voices. So the Secretary will assume it was me who asked that bodyguard question. Anyway I’m done doing my business here. Need to go to my quarters to change into something presentable for this ridiculous fundraiser as invited. I despise social events like this in case you wanted to know. There’s always some buffoon getting drunk and picking a fight with people from being under the influence. It's one reason I despise going to those events. Ugh.” 
He didn’t comment a response got up after President got up and followed the male with familiar Amula escorts to the elevator. 
Inside the male spoke to him “Thunder no one except personal staff is allowed in my quarters. You’ll have to wait in your quarters whenever I’m in my home for any further duties.”
He didn’t comment a response as the elevator stopped at a floor and saw President leave the elevator. He felt the thing went down and stopped at a floor. 
Tom heard from one of the Amula guards “You're expected to go to your quarters by yourself without an escort. Along with expected to go to a said by one of us guards’ location in the building alone to meet President for bodyguard duties.” 
He kept his mouth shut walked out and recalled the route to his quarters to find it perfectly. He examined the door to find outside was metal while inside was out of wood from the feel of it. He exhaled a breath and went inside shutting the door and went into the bathroom to yank off his mask to stare at himself in the mirror. Tom found his appearance remained the same despite its alterations. 
He heard from Ramses abruptly sounding in his mind “Hey Thunder refrain from showering for awhile once it’s medically obvious that you can take water over your form due to tests saying that you developed an aversion. Oh you can take this wash form called baths for cleaning which is safe for you according to tests.”
Tom heard nothing more from Ramses sighed and got himself out of his clothes and shoes and got into the tub sitting down. Tom found it large enough to accommodate his size which he sighed feeling himself fine with the water pooling in it. He found the soap dispenser and began cleaning himself thoroughly. Once done wash himself of the soap then got out of the tub to dry himself thoroughly. He sighed and got himself back into his clothes and shoes once dry then placed back on his mask and left the bathroom. Tom went to the kitchen unit figuring out that he should take in nourishment due to not able to do it at the fundraiser due to his bodyguard duties. He adjusted the mask baring his mouth and grabbed a bottle of strawberry milkshake that was half full and sipped it entirely down finding himself getting much better from the nourishment in his system. He sighed again feeling himself still itching to drink obeyed to depose the empty bottle in the sink. Along with getting another bottle which he forced himself to sip finding himself drinking all of it then dumped the bottle in the sink. He adjusted his mask to cover his mouth and then looked around the quarters exploring it without opening the cupboards of the kitchen unit. Tom found nothing to indicate garbage deposal or anything else suspicious. He went to his bed and sat leaning back with pillows adjusted and shut his eyes figuring out that he needed to sleep to get rest.

Tom came to hearing a loud ringing noise. Tom groaned and eyed the TV seeing it flashing the familiar colored scenery. He got up and pressed a hand on the monitor and got the familiar male guard on the screen wearing a headset. 
The male spoke “This is Operator One to Thunder. Do you receive?”
He spoke “This is Thunder here, I receive. What are my orders now?”
He heard “Orders are to meet President in the garage room for transport right away. You’re expected to go to the elevator for a guard to point out the location to you. You’re expected to remember when manipulating the elevator when ordered to do it.”
He spoke “Fine anything else or that’s it?”
He got “That’s it, Operator One out.” 
Tom saw the screen went back to colors and with a groan thrust a hand onto the monitor and saw the TV went black. He walked out of his quarters taking the familiar route to the elevator which he found the doors shut but a camera dome over the area.
Tom held up his hands and signed towards the camera dome “This is Thunder. I received communications that I’m ordered to use the elevator to a location for a meeting.” 
He lowered his hands once done and folded his arms feeling the wait time seemingly lengthy. Then heard a familiar ding sound as the doors opened showing two Amula male guards inside. He walked in. Tom heard a throat clearing noise as one guard pointed a finger at a multiple button console he saw. The guard spoke words he figured out were numbers in Human terms. The male indicating one number on the button console led the elevator to President’s quarters. Along with another leading to the garage room and expected to remember this for getting the President to safety either into his quarters or the garage room in case of an emergency. He didn’t comment a response only bobbed his head as the elevator went up seemingly short. Then stopped with a jerk at the floor number he was told was the garage room. Tom found it what the guard said which he walked out and found the doors shutting behind him. Tom eyed the room seeing it was low ceilinged but too high for him to touch the ceiling despite having an arm outstretched above him. He eyed the room resuming folding his arms to find about five cars parked in the garage room that were of various sizes. Tom spotted a Highlander male wearing a uniform in front of a car that seemed long in length. Tom shifted to eye the elevator while keeping his senses cued to anything around the room as the Highlander he sensed scanned his mind abruptly. He found the Banshee willed forwards. 
He heard blared in his mind “You must be Thunder the bodyguard. As said by a guard to me. So confirm that.” 
He shifted to eye the Highlander and mentally spoke “Yes its Thunder. And what you said sir.” 
He heard in response “Ah the High Council isn’t finished with their business with you. It's according to Ramses telling me to tell you. They still request your services as an assassin. The services will take awhile to happen. The First Ones have mysteriously figured out your identity of you being an assassin. They haven’t figured out if you’re working alone or with the group. The High Council is still trying to find out who blabbed about you being an assassin to the First Ones. Along with erasing the information they have on you so you would be in their services again.”
He heard a ding sound felt the Highlander withdrew. He willed away the Banshee and shifted towards the elevator seeing the doors open along with President inside. President he saw was seen wearing some different sort of clothing that was similar to his black outfit. This time it was in the color of brown with a white top along with a black long in length tie in front his mind registering colors in Human terms to his shock. 
He eyed President who walked out and looked him up and down before speaking “Let’s get this fiasco fundraiser over with. I despise going. It’ll be an insult to the Governor if I don’t show. I owe him a favor. He managed to get me out of jail using an excuse of good behavior. He cut short my sentence which was lengthy anyway.” 
He didn’t comment in response unfolded his arms and held up a hand gesturing for President to lead the way to the car. The male obeyed and found the Highlander male opening a car door seeing them both. 
He got inside the car with no difficulty and sat next to President who spoke “Ugh. Seatbelts which is a necessary for car safety so put yours on now.” 
He copied President putting on his seatbelt which he did the same. Tom felt the car start up along with moving. He peered out the window off his left to see it leave the garage room. The vehicle going outside into an alleyway then left the road going into another road with traffic halted letting the car getting into it. He watched out the window seemingly lengthy eyeing the city. Tom found traffic of cars was bad due to how slow moving the vehicle traveled among the roads. 
Tom heard from President “Ahem. Thunder look at me. I want to talk to you.” 
He obeyed looking at President who added “The fundraiser according to sources will have people eating, drinking, hopefully not drinking themselves drunk. Dancing to music and lots of sitting down. Talking among each other while seated at tables reserved for them to sit at. Also as always at these social events, people trying to trash each other by speaking negatively about a person. Including some useless threats to the individual as well. So don’t take them literally when you overhear. They never bother to follow through with their threats. They speaking them at social events. If they went through with such a threat they’ll have a bunch of witnesses testifying in court that they said it. Along with given a lengthy jail sentence if they were found guilty.”
Tom didn’t comment a response as President cleared his throat then added “You’ll find that you're not the only bodyguard there. You’ll see what I mean when I say their nothing but buffoons who are hired for their brawn and not for smarts. Also I expect you to pay attention to what I and people are doing at this social event. Not let anyone distract you from your bodyguard duties. Oh I warn you that there’s reportedly people who have secretly hired assassins to take out bodyguards, in their goal of taking out their main target, the person the bodyguard is guarding in the process. They have managed to take out various bodyguards. They haven’t have much luck taking out the person the bodyguard is guarding. Other bodyguards have surprise worked together to manage to prevent that assassination from happening. You’re expected to work with the bodyguards jointly in keeping people safe from harm, along with preventing assassinations from happening as well.”
Tom frown hearing that as President continued talking “Also I warn you that various people at social events have insulted other people’s bodyguards even in the faces of the bodyguard in question. Sometimes result in the bodyguard punching out the insulter for the insults. The bodyguard in question wounds up arrested and thrown in jail. Along with services to the person terminated and that the person their guarding denies all knowledge of having them as a bodyguard. That includes claims that the bodyguard was part of the social event. That despite pointed out as their bodyguard. So be careful of what you react to what you hear. I must warn you that bodyguards have fallen into assassin traps. Such as food and drink handed to them laced with poison. Along with females wearing very revealing clothing getting very touchy on them. Just to inject them with a syringe full of poison. This has happened repeatedly over and over with no stopping. Despite bodyguards aware of this. Some wound up too stupid to fall into traps.” 
He didn’t comment a response as President cleared his throat and then added “Some of those people have reportedly paid a big fortune for the bodyguard to be in their services. They have reportedly regret the payment and hiring. It's when it was obvious that they were taken for their money by how the bodyguard acted along with assassinated too. So I expect you to live up to your reputation, as a former assassin, to keep yourself alive and myself as well, while acting as a bodyguard in the process. I’m warning you no funny business please. I went through a quite a deal of too much trouble acquiring you into my services. I don’t want that to be all for nothing. So be warned of what I said to you.” 
He bobbed his head as President stopped talking to give him a glare. Tom found the male was still glaring which he figured that he wanted him to comment. 
He signed from memory of doing an assassination job for the High Council testing him “Fine I get it what you’re warning me about Sir. I’ll see what I can do to avoid making myself a fiasco at this social event you’re attending.” 
Tom stopped signing as President looked away to appear to be looking out the window. He recalled the High Council job fully in his mind of himself assisting a hybrid Highlander Human he later learned was named Ajax son of Horus an usual First One male named Jinks Montreal. His job was in protecting the servant from harm, while the male got himself in position to shoot a target from a building above, with a bullet projectile gun. The assassination was carried out and the both of them transported back to the High Council’s home base. He continued to recall himself used as a bodyguard for protecting Ajax when the hybrid was sent out to do assassination jobs. That involved shooting people with projectile guns from building spots above. The job was a success most of the time. Sometimes thwarted by people unexpectedly getting in the way of the bullet unaware and taken out in the process. Tom frowned as he looked out the window eyeing the city lengthy. Tom saw the land started to appear and became lengthy followed by showing high chained linked fences escorting the roads. He eyed the fences to see some of them flash sparks. As the car drove pass them and glimpsed gonoids hitting the fence as he was driven pass. 
He frowned as he heard from Ramses abruptly “Thunder according to mind scans of servants at the social event someone has ordered an assassination to be done onto President at the social event unsure of how their doing it including using some female bimbo their called to take you out by syringe injection holding some sleeper drug in it. I’m not sure why their using sleeper drug this time instead of poison. I suspect that the sleeper drug is because this person is reportedly a little obsessed in acquiring what President has as in wealth guards and whatever he has to live very well off.”
He frowned hearing that as he continued to hear from Ramses “High Council I overheard you complain that this person whatever he’s called is very important to you worth kept alive hence me saying what I’m saying to him at the moment so don’t scold me with that tone about it.”
Tom frowned as Ramses paused sensing his mind was still scanned as usual followed by the Meritanian continuing talking “Alright Thunder the bimbo who’ll target you will be easily taken out by you flaunting that Berserker side in her face by showing it to her with the use of your hand change which will get her to faint asleep. I can’t guarantee that the fainting will go unnoticed or that someone will assume that you punched her out unconscious and yell it to people about it. Also they might not believe you when you point out the syringe she had on her person or found nearby due to her dropping it after fainting. Those people from mind scans will just assume the worse anyway. Just be warned of this that this person has people loyal to him or her at the event watching the both of you very carefully for anything including making sure that President is humiliated if an assassination doesn’t come to fruition.”
He felt Ramses pause then continued “High Council I’m still trying to find out who this person is hence me using both him and her terms to Thunder and oh this President at the moment is thinking of that he wasted his money for nothing on acquiring Thunder himself as a bodyguard due to that he accurately knows from seeing Thunder himself that Thunder is a former assassin of you in question and wants to get rid of him and is using some social event as an excuse to remove him.”
Tom felt himself getting angry hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian paused then he felt his mood stop by the plant continuing talking “I’m not kidding on what I said gained from this First One dubbed Donald Marshall’s mind and his thoughts about Thunder in question. Oh I suggest you transport a servant to put tire breakers on the road to blow out the tires of the vehicle Thunder is in just to prevent Donald from ditching Thunder as a bodyguard if you still want him to keep his job.” 
He continued to feel his mind scanned and then heard “Well since your dumping my idea to let Donald dump Thunder I tell you that there’s this person dubbed Nikita according to people lead an organization dubbed Whitestone which had reportedly pirated other people’s organizations for various things. Also the Master Organization led by this person you hate isn’t spared the piracy joke either due to that they were targeted for people mostly in the bodyguard position who have special Horus like abilities and forced to work for the Whitestone organization through threats of harming innocent people if they didn’t do a good body guarding job.”
Tom frowned hearing that as Ramses kept talking “By the way this Nikita must be a mind walker due to that people working for this person have managed to detected me scanning them and kicked me out by yelling about the scanning in their minds whenever they detected me or my sisters doing it. That resistance always works in kicking us out due to that they’ll die if we keep on scanning them for the scans causes their mind organs to undergo huge stress along with their resisting causing the mind organ to fail if we’re not kicked out in time and they die. That’s how we found out from scanning the minds of medical personal attending to the person that died under our scans.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses as the mind scanned was stopped followed by the car stopping. 
The driver’s voice heard loudly “Well we’re here as the residence spot as ordered Sir.” 
Tom looked out the window to see a vast mansion in view. Tom saw multiple cars in the parking lot looking like twin to the car he was in. 
He heard from President “Well Thunder don’t sit there get out.” 
He obeyed followed by President who slammed the car door with a bang sound. He wordlessly followed President weaving among the cars to the mansion’s entrance. Tom wound up to find two big burly men in suits standing at the doors. One held up a hand with a glare on the male’s face. He paused from walking to see President pull out a piece of paper looking like an envelope. Tom saw President hand it to one of the men who examined the envelope and contents. Then the male handed the envelope back to President who put it away in a pocket. Tom watched as the men opened the doors letting the both of them access to enter. He followed President hearing music sounding becoming louder and louder as they neared it and felt depressed from the sounds. 
He exhaled a breath from the depression to hear from President loudly “Drat, must he play that jokey music at social events? It’s depressing and makes me despise it. Ugh.” 
He didn’t comment a response followed President into a room. He saw was on the large size and appeared to have various people seated at chairs at tables. Some eating and drinking while some were dancing away in the corner near people he assumed were musicians. He stopped walking and stopped following President as signaled by the male. Tom wound up watching him go up to a table to appear to talk to people by shaking hands with the males and kissing the females on the cheeks. Tom eyed the room to find at one wall were a row of men wearing various clothing looking big and burly to him. He figured were the bodyguards and went to stand next to one of them ignoring him while folding his arms. He stood lengthy watching the scenery around the room feeling himself bored and further depressed by the music that continued to play without a break. He noticed more people came into the room to sit at tables while going to others already there to do handshakes and kisses. He felt himself watched. Tom shifted his eyes to notice a female Human wearing some kind of dress that nearly revealed her chest. She, Tom saw, was staring at him intensively from her sitting position at a table. People around her were eating and drinking ignoring her. Tom exhaled a breath figuring out that she was the bimbo Ramses warned him of. The female got up and made her way towards him around tables and chairs. He inhaled a breath with a soft groan. He held up a finger pointing it in her direction with head aimed at her. Tom wound up to see the female pause from walking to narrow her eyes with suspicion formed onto it. Tom willed the Banshee through to see her roll her eyes and fainted away. He quickly willed the Banshee away and resumed folding his arms. Tom eyed the spot where the female disappeared between tables to notice some people gather around the area blocking his view. He felt his senses blare warning abruptly to twist his form sideways. Tom found another female nearly touching him while holding a syringe in her hand that proceeded to jab it at him. He blocked her attempts with a hand. He gave her a glare as the music stopped followed by the female dropping the syringe and giving out a loud scream and falling to the floor. He caught her as she fell to hear commotion from the others in the room. 
Tom heard a shout "The bodyguard punched her!" 
Tom felt annoyance take hold hearing the shout. Tom dropped the female onto the floor. She he saw rolled onto her side appearing to be having hands onto her stomach and groaning loudly. He didn’t comment a response as a uniformed Human arrived along with others. 
He glared at the female as one of the Humans spoke to him “Your services as bodyguard has been terminated. So get out now. Or I’ll call the police for that punching stunt you pulled.” 
Tom obeyed walking out of the mansion to stand outside feeling himself disgusted with the situation. Tom went to find the car only to find that all the cars in the lot were identical. They had moved positions instead of where they were when he first arrived. He felt disgust take further hold sat down on the dirt ground. Tom wrapped his arms around his legs keeping them bent while sitting sideways. He facing the mansion keeping an eye on the entrance while waiting for anyone to acknowledge him. 
Tom felt his waiting time seemed lengthy heard from Ramses abruptly “Thunder can you get up and start walking on the road just to get yourself out of sight? The High Council wants to transport you someplace but not in presence of witnesses and recording devices which people will know that we can transport people and will start annoying us to do it.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine Ramses.” 
He sensed Ramses stopped talking got up and eyed the scenery to find a break in the gated fence. He figured was the road and started walking towards it weaving around cars. Till one car backed up in his way blocking him to his annoyance and the car door of the back passenger side opened.
Showing, he saw, a male Human wearing some army outfit with Amula eyes that spoke “Get inside now. It’s not safe to be walking on the road at this time of the day. Gonoids are awake and hungry at the moment. Believe me they’ll target anything including manoids just to eat.” 
He hesitated as he heard from Ramses “Argh didn’t account for Nikita’s interference in your plans High Council. Oh Thunder, get into the car anyway. Those men from mind scans are ordered by someone working for this Nikita to take you by force if you balk.”
He obeyed getting inside to frown seeing three males. Two were having Amula eyes and wearing army outfits seated next to him. The third was seated across from him in a seat sideways. The male was appearing to look Drainer like despite the Human appearance by the golden eyes and fanged teeth flashed in his direction while wearing a suit on his form. 
He shut the car door and stared at the Drainer Human hybrid he assumed who spoke sounding not Human to him “I suggest you remove your mask for Nikita wants the merchandise confirmed for payment to be paid.” 
Tom obeyed to notice one of the Amula had a familiar tubal device in his hand aimed in his direction while hearing no familiar whirring noises from it. 
He resumed staring at the hybrid who continued speaking “Ah the famous assassin Brain Wave. You're as said by the pathetic Humans who talk about a killer shattering mind organs to death.” 
He stiffened hearing the words as the hybrid kept talking “Who was Alexei trying to fool hmm?”
Tom wordlessly kept his mouth shut as the car was felt moving and continued to hear from the hybrid “Actually Nikita has people in Alexei’s circle hidden as spies. Their reporting what’s going on at the Zesky Asylum. Their the ones who point out this Protectors of Nature dubbed PON group’s spies to Alexei and people. A pity that Alexei doesn’t know about Nikita’s people spying on him including reporting on what’s he’s doing to former assassins of the High Council. He lets loose among the public as bodyguards. Hmph it’s too bad that Nikita has successfully managed to acquire those assassins after rigging them to do something embarrassing at social events.” 
Tom stiffened further hearing the hybrid’s words. He felt the car give off bumping vibrations along with rolling to a stop. 
He heard a male voice speak loudly “Someone rigged the road to have tire blasters on to it hence the tires reportedly blown.” 
He stiffened realizing that it was the work of the High Council. He put on his mask and eyed the hybrid that stared at him with a narrowed eyed look that reminded him of suspicion to him but refrained from saying anything. 
Tom heard from the hybrid who spoke “Nevertheless call headquarters. Say that we’ll be delayed for a bit, with mentioning to send air support at the moment.” 
He frowned as he shifted to look out the window to see the sunlight began to fade away judging by the sky showing sunset colors. 
Tom heard from Ramses abruptly “Thunder can you knock out the vehicle’s inhabitants and get out for transportation? The tire blowout was rigged by the High Council who still wants you in their services so see about doing that.”
He didn’t comment in response feeling Ramses stopped talking. He adjusted his hands hiding them and willed the Banshee through.
Tom heard from the hybrid unexpectedly “Thunder as your dubbed, your assassin form will not be needed so will that away now.” 
He ignored the hybrid to mentally order him to sleep by giving the down command along with quickly doing it to the others in the car. Tom did the same with the driver in sight. Only to hear loud metal clanging noises all around him along with night vision blaring in his eyesight. He frowned looking around to discover something resembling metal over the windows along with finding his efforts to open the car door met failure after willing away the Banshee. 
He mentally spoke yelling “Ramses I did what you told me to but Nikita got the car rigged to trap me inside.”
Tom heard from Ramses “Argh High Council this Nikita seemed desperate to acquire this assassin due to that the vehicle Thunder is in wound up rigged to trap him inside. I’m not sure if I can transport Thunder without First Ones being knowledgeable of it due to that car riggings have happened to people before and they have actually various sensors and recording devices turned on to monitor the person trapped inside. Unfortunately I don’t know what kind of rigging this Nikita got rigged onto the car Thunder is in so I can’t do any transporting at the moment. Sorry High Council you’ll have to think of something else anyway.” 
He frowned sensing Ramses become silent but felt his mind still scanned followed by the Meritanian speaking “Ah High Council the area surrounding where the car is in is in a bad spot for manoids to be among gonoids due to hearing about it among First Ones. Also I’m detecting some people unsure of the species in some air vehicle with minds indicating that their here to acquire Thunder as scanned before kicked out. One of them I managed to scan a bit before the kick out is indicating on putting some kind of sleeper gas into the car just to knock out Thunder due to reports of him knocking out the vehicle’s inhabitants and them thinking he would resists coming along with them.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as Ramses continued “Actually the minds of the people in the air vehicle don’t seem First One to me judging by what I’ve sensed from the scans. It seems from scans that they appear to be the Drainer First One hybrid species you dub Haydea and beats me how this Nikita roped them into serving him or her anyway.” 
He frowned as he continued to hear from Ramses “I’m not kidding High Council on what I just said. Their actually Haydea from scanning the mind of one of them you acquired in some sleeping status too many First Ones years ago and that’s how I recognized them. Don’t expect me to give you an answer on how this Nikita got them serving despite reports among people serving this person have said that he or she is a First One. Oh Thunder the people in their air vehicle are here as sensed and warn you that you’ll find yourself falling asleep from mind scans of them indicating that they’ll knock you out instead of letting you get out of that trap awake. Sorry Thunder but they seemed determined to knock you out despite me trying to talk them out of it.” 
Tom frowned as he felt Ramses stop talking along with the mind scanning stopped abruptly. There was a clunk sound heard along with clouds fogging up the car making him feeling sleepy while coughing away till the sleepiness got too much. He shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling himself clad in only in his underwear while chained to some chair from the feeling of it. Tom raised his head jerking open his eyes to discover himself underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. Tom saw no one in sight but sensed someone behind him from senses blaring. He frowned looking around and tried to twist his head to see behind him. Only to sense the person was adjusting their form to hide in the inky darkness hiding out of sight as he looked. 
He felt annoyance take hold resumed looking in front of him and mentally spoke “Restraints off.”
Tom felt in response instead of the restraints getting off of him an electrical charge of electricity hitting him making him grimace on his face visibly. 
He heard a familiar male voice sounding behind him in Summeran language “I would quit doing that if I were you. Your talent as an assassin is very well documented by the High Council. That has been cleverly detailed and information easily obtained through hacking methods. We know of your ability to get restraints off you by mental order. I would quit attempting that if I were you anyway.” 
Tom gave up a sound of disgust loudly and spoke in Summeran “You want to explain why you have me nearly bared and restrained in this chair anyway?”
He heard from the male “Ah so you can talk verbalizing words. It wasn’t detailed very well that you had a talking ability. Just detailed that you communicated via mental talk. As in mind scanning and blaring words into people’s minds-” 
He gave up an Hmph sound interrupting the male’s talk. 
The male continued ignoring his noise sounding loudly “Nikita, meet the assassin Brain Wave as dubbed by the Humans who the High Council dub him Mindbender.” 
He jerked as he felt his mind scanned shifted to look in front of him sensing a presence of a manoid in the inky darkness. Tom frowned when the person refused to appear or show themselves. He continued to sense his mind scanned.
Tom spoke out loud “Your scanning me I can detect that mind walker.” 
He heard from the male sounding behind him as the mind scanned stopped abruptly “Yes the report as detailed by the High Council isn’t kidding on what they said about this assassin, Nikita.”
He frowned forming it on his face still sensing the manoid Nikita in the inky darkness. 
The male voice behind him continued chattering with him eavesdropping “Actually I’m surprised that this Builder dubbed Barry has yet done any manipulating towards you. Or towards any of the assassins you acquired from the High Council once their done with them. Its rather interesting isn’t it?”
Tom frowned further as the male continued talking “Hmm yes I know that the High Council rigged the car’s tires to blow. They were in communication with this assassin as mind scanned indicated after he was knocked out asleep. It appears that the High Council is rather a bit desperate for this assassin to be back into their hands. Seems like they favored him. Judging by the computer readouts hacked from their computers indicating that he was their most successful assassin. Including doing bodyguard work towards other assassins in their employ.”
Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled. The male heard became silent along with the mind scanning was resumed. 
He heard Ramses’ voice blaring in his mind “High Council, the person you hate being named is heard accusing you of pulling this Nikita stunt at the moment by him roaring the accusation at us which we’re telling you that.”
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued talking “Hey Lance where did you come up with this ridiculous idea anyway?” 
He felt the mind scanning continued as he sensed that Nikita was eavesdropping onto the conversation by senses blaring. 
Ramses was heard “Argh High Council, Lance says that this Nikita stunt is something you would originate just to keep assassins in your employ after their found out by the First Ones. He also says that only a High Council member would do this stunt anyway due to that we haven’t been able to blab who this Nikita person really is. He also says that we would have identified this Nikita right away to you regardless of mind scanning done and said who it is including some manipulating to have this person in your hands which we haven’t done it yet.”
Tom frowned hearing that as Ramses became silent followed by his mind still scanned. His senses again blared telling him that the Meritanian had stopped talking to him and that Nikita was still scanning him. He eyed the inky darkness with eyes narrowing. Tom felt the scans stop followed by mentally ordering the Banshee through only to get zapped by electricity hitting him on the back of the neck preventing him from doing that order. 
Tom grimaced as the familiar male voice spoke “Yes I heard what Ramses said. Believe me the Meritanian is playing some jokey game with the High Council. Mostly by manipulating us to acquire assassins of the group into your employ. He seems to have indicated that he’s playing the High Council. His trick is not fooled by this Lance Richard who thinks the group is doing this joke. So what do you want me to do with this assassin we have here hmm?” 
Tom frowned focused on a part of the inky darkness as if drawn. Tom found his eyes refused to leave the area despite looking. 
He heard from the male “Hmm that’s rather interesting. This assassin is staring at you in the eyes. Can he see you despite you surrounded in the darkness, Nikita?”
He felt his mind scanned in response continued to stare at the area as if still drawn. 
Till the mind scanning stopped followed by the male voice speaking after a pause “That’s interesting. He’s displaying this talent of sensing hidden people and staring at where their hidden like he’s obsessed. Anyway, Nikita recommends you to reveal yourself mind walker since he detects you.”
Tom stiffened hearing the male’s words as a figure came into view. He saw was a male Highlander wearing some jumpsuit with devices wrapped around his forehead and front on the chest. 
He figured "Blast from the looks of them. They were recorders for Nikita to see me instead of in person." 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Highlander’s eyes shift to be behind him and again heard from the male “Nikita doesn’t trust the High Council to manipulate him in revealing himself to an assassin favored by the group. The Meritanians would transport Nikita to the High Council once visual is confirmed. This Lance Richard has been repeatedly blaring this warning to him once he overheard the plants’ talk regarding Nikita himself.”
Tom continued to frown as Ramses’ voice blared in his mind “Nikita or whoever your calling yourself I suggest you do what I say as in letting the High Council have this assassin period or I’ll be tempted to dump you into the group’s hands which your plans will go up in flames period.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by continuing talking “Yah the High Council knows that the First Ones we dub the Human species is aware of the Brain Wave assassin but still want him in their hands anyway. I think they like the job skills this Brain Wave has displayed when it comes to doing assassinations so make up your mind on your decision now.”
Tom kept his mind blank in response to hear from Ramses “Anyway Mindbender you’ll be transported at the moment.” 
He fell backwards landing on metal floor felt and blinked his eyes finding his arms grabbed and lifted up into a standing position. Tom found himself in the High Council’s throne room which he eyed the group with a frown. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “We have a job for you to do. It involves bodyguard work. You're to refrain from doing any assassinations. Just involves keeping the person alive period.” 
He felt his mood flatten hearing Shad’s words as Onya spoke “Anyhow Ramses transport Mindbender to where we said we want him to be now.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him and blinked his eyes finding himself standing underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. Tom saw the familiar male Drainer Human hybrid nearby wearing a suit staring at him with a frown on the male’s face. 
He heard Ramses blaring in his mind “The High Council requests you to accept this assassin as a bodyguard which he has been ordered to keep you alive period.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses frowned as the male formed a grimace on his face. 
The male spoke out loud “Did you catch what Ramses said to you, Nikita?”
He heard a male voice sounding identical toned as the male speaking loudly “I heard what that Meritanian said. You can stop referring me by that name of Nikita, Roosevelt. The name is Talon in case you want to know, Tomcat.” 
Tom frowned as the male in front of him appeared to look passed him. He turned around and spotted another male looking Drainer Human hybrid wearing some army wear clothing with longer hair pulled back and hands gloved. The male walked into the spotlight that paused to stand near him appearing to be shorter than his tall height. 
He frowned as Talon he assumed continued speaking “Roosevelt, where’s Kensington anyway? Shouldn’t he be here giving his usual speech to bodyguards?”
He frowned as he heard a male voice sounding different from Talon’s speaking “I’m here. Yes I have the spiel ready to speak to Tomcat here.”
He frown further hearing himself referred as Tomcat. Kensington he assumed came into view showing himself as a Drainer Human hybrid wearing army clothing with a gun weapon on his belt that stopped to stand in front of him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Kensington spoke “Anyway, you’re to be referred around here as Tomcat but out there among the public the name is Inkster due to your eyes’ color. Also the Inkster name is to make you seem harmless to people who’ll regret insulting you. It's whenever you reveal you have this Berserker side that’ll make them suffer pains from the insults.”
Tom didn’t comment a response as Kensington added hearing a growl sound from Talon loudly “Tomcat come with me while I show you where you’re to go around here for your quarters. You still doing the body guarding job so come along.” 
He obeyed following Kensington into the darkness while hearing Talon stop his growling noise as night vision came onto his eyes. Tom found the male leading him to a wall and pushing it to reveal a doorway. He frowned following to find the familiar scenario of the hallway the same as before as he continued to follow the male. He frowned as the following seemed lengthy and was making him annoyed till Kensington entered a hallway. Tom saw at the end was a set of elevator doors with a camera dome overhead and watched as the male made some hand sign gestures seemingly the same as before, him understanding the sign language. He found that Kensington was calling for the elevator to be brought down to them. Tom kept his mouth shut as the male stopped his signing and stood with arms folded. Tom eyed the elevator doors that opened after hearing a ding sound. He went inside following Kensington and felt the thing move up seemingly not too lengthy till a familiar hallway was seen with stairs seen going up. Tom followed going up three flights of stairs as before till they reached a familiar hallway that showed the identical metal door. Tom frowned further wondering if Whitestone’s building was similar designed as Donald Marshall’s building. Kensington led him to the door and opened it gesturing him to get inside. Tom obeyed and heard the door slam shut behind him. He exhaled a breath and eyed the room. Tom stiffened with shock seeing everything was identical to the room he stayed in Donald Marshall’s building completely to the pillows he manipulated along with the bottles in the sink he left. 
Tom felt himself confused to the similarity to hear from Ramses sounding annoyed “Argh High Council this Nikita I managed to figure out who he is. He’s this First One dubbed Donald Marshall aka President around the building. I do not get it why he still wants Mindbender as a bodyguard despite thinking of dumping him at some social event Hmph.”
Tom stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian paused with mind scanning still felt. 
Ramses continued talking “Actually Donald Marshall from mind scans of him just prior to kicking us out wanted Mindbender as a bodyguard no kidding. The thinking of getting rid of Mindbender was due to that we were scanning his mind at the time and he was trying to play a joke onto us which we figured out what the stunt was. Oh the assassination attempt at some social event wasn’t by Donald’s hand. That was by someone else and that some yahoo got drunk wrecked up the assassination attempt by picking a public fight with the victim Donald in question which the assassination was stopped due to too many witnesses focused onto Donald and this drunken idiot. Donald managed to get out unscathed and out of being charged by the cops due to that another yahoo with the title of Governor told them off that Donald didn’t start the fight despite people claiming that otherwise. Also being Governor has weight against people including cops who took his word on the fight and arrested the drunken idiot leaving Donald alone for now.” 
Tom frowned as he felt Ramses stop talking along with the mind scanning stopped abruptly. He exhaled a breath and eyed the dressers figuring out that he’ll see about getting some clothes on his form. He proceeded to do finding a different uniform in the color of black along with mask the same as before. Tom went into the bathroom to give himself a bath. He once done bathing and drying put the clothes on along with the bulletproof vest and shoed boots. He eyed himself in the mirror to see with disgust his scar on his cheek was back in place instead of gone like he thought it was. Along with noticing that his hair remained the same cut off status but the dots were a bit more numerous this time. He rubbed a hand on his head to feel fuzz from his hair. 
Tom figured "My hair is growing back in."
Tom sighed from that comment. Tom placed on the mask and left the bathroom going to the fridge to pull out a bottle of strawberry milkshake. He forced himself to sip it entirely then dumped the bottle in the sink. He eyed the cupboards and yanked them open to peer. Tom found something that resembled a garbage chute in a bottom cupboard threw the bottles in it and shut the cupboard. He sighed and went to the bed sitting up leaning against the headboard with pillows on his back. 
Tom shut his eyes figuring out "I’ll get some sleep." 
He proceeded to do till he heard a familiar ringing noise woke up to glare at the TV seeing it displaying the familiar screen of colors. Tom felt disgust take hold went to the screen and got the familiar response as before with the name of Thunder used. He gave out his response of getting the message. 
Tom frowned as he heard “President is requesting you to meet him in front of his office entrance. He wants that done immediately. He requests that you arrive there first before he arrives period.” 
Tom spoke feeling himself fine with that order “Will do anything else?”
He heard the familiar response followed by the screen showing colors. Tom shut the TV off then left the quarters taking a route to the elevator. He again had to sign to the camera dome to send the thing to him. Tom found the elevator arrived soon after to find President inside with arms folded wearing his familiar black suit with metal tie. 
Tom walked inside and stared at President through the mask covering his head entirely. The male spoke “Greetings Thunder. Anyway get this thing to my office floor now.”
He eyed the Amula male guard to see him press a numbered button. Tom memorized to his memory as the elevator went up seemingly lengthy followed by stopping and showing the familiar scenario as before. He followed President out and into the office to hear a meow from the cat. He saw the cat get onto President’s shoulder while giving off meows. 
President was heard spoke out loud “Drat. Pumpkin wants to be fed by the like you behavior she’s giving off.” 
He didn’t comment in response as President removed the cat putting her he assumed was a female onto the floor. Tom watched as President went to a corner yanking open part of a wall showing rows of cans and bags. He watched as the male fed Pumpkin he assumed was her meal from a can and a bag into food bowls along with fresh water in water bowls from bottled water. Then put the wall in its place then went to the desk to sit typing. He went to a chair and sat adjusting it to sit facing President with arms folded. Tom continued to stare at the male who appeared to sense him staring by glancing at him various times. Tom kept up the staring feeling himself having accusation hitting him aimed at President. He mentally willed the Banshee through and flexed a hand in the male’s direction when the male looked at him before resuming looking at the computer to type.
He kept up the hand flexing as President looked at him before the male spoke “Alright I went to too much trouble acquiring you. I paid a quite a great deal of money for you to be in my services as my bodyguard hence you employed by me. Also scan me now anyway.” 
He obeyed to hear blared in President’s mind “I have two companies. People know as Richardson Industries publicity. The other company is Whitestone. I use the Nikita name when doing things to spite people. Along with pirating other companies for various things and items. The pirating is just part of the disguise of the Whitestone Company. People paid to act like they worked for Whitestone as caught by guards in Richardson Industries.”
He didn’t comment a response as President continued talking mentally “The High Council has known for awhile that I’ve have managed to use former assassins of the group as servants. I live outliving normal Human life spans due to being not entirely Human at the moment. I have paid Alexei a great deal of money from time to time to get those assassins into my employ either as a bodyguard or just guarding work around here. Also Alexei kept this up to me by informing me of having an assassin and whether the Humans are aware of the person or not. We barter out an agreement on whether I should take the person into my employ or keep them at the Zesky Asylum.”
He frowned as President kept talking “The PON group in case you know has nothing to do with me. Instead is related to someone descendant of a high ranking General sickening the group onto Alexei to spite him. It's what happened to predecessor family member who was nearly killed in some incident at the hospital. Unsure of what it was. Haven’t heard of what it is actually.”
Tom folded his arms as President kept on talking “Anyway the group is just to report to the family member on what Alexei is doing along with his soft spot towards assassins known. The cops in question are sickened onto him with no success of arresting the assassin. One of the assassins has some voice ability to talk people out of doing things. This have happened preventing the cops from doing their arresting. Also the assassin is either put down asleep or dumped into my employ with appearance altered. Till the news of this person being an assassin is gone for good. Alexei either gets them back in his employ along with waking them up or they stay with me for life.”
He frowned hearing that as President continued “The High Council as a response has targeted the assassins as in repeatedly getting them serving them over and over. Till they die or their put down in some sleep status by the group. The High Council seeing that person as a threat to them. I know of this sleep status thing. Ramses blaring it to me repeatedly over and over after the High Council finishes having an assassin serve them. Mostly that turns out to be a threat to them. Their put down asleep. So stop scanning me now.” 
He obeyed to stop scanning President and willed away the Banshee to feel pressure on his lap. Tom looked down to eye Pumpkin sitting on his thighs on her haunches and staring at him with her green cat like eyes. 
He frowned as he heard from President loudly verbalizing his words “You're sitting in Pumpkin’s chair. She normally sleeps in it for various times along with sitting in it hence she on your lap. I suggest you get up and go to a different chair. Pumpkin will start scratching you with her claws if you don’t get up after a bit. She pulled that bit before on people in the declared as hers’ chair.” 
He sighed and got up as Pumpkin jumped off his lap. Tom thrust the chair back to the table and went to another chair. Tom sat adjusting the chair to face President who resumed typing onto the computer with pauses in between. He kept his mouth shut as President kept up the typing with pauses followed by feeling himself bored from that. He felt boredom take hold leaned back in the chair. Tom eyed President seemingly lengthy who ignored his staring.  
He heard from President speaking loudly “Secretary. What’s my agenda for today?”
Tom heard in response “Attending the fundraiser at the Carville mansion for the Governor’s reelection campaign happening tonight.”
Tom rolled his eyes feeling disgust take hold. 
He heard from President “Again that social event? What’s going on for the Governor to hold it twice in a row anyway?”
He stopped his eyes roll to hear from the secretary “The Governor caved to the press’s demands of publicizing the event. Hence he holding the social event you called for another night. Oh it’s a black tie affair. Requires your bodyguard to be dressed up along with face seen Sir.” 
Tom bared his teeth in response as President spoke “Fine what time is the event?”
He heard from the secretary “Same time as before but your required to leave early in an hour’s time frame. Traffic will be even worse off because of reported more people attending the event Sir.” 
He stopped the teeth baring as President spoke “Thank you that’s all. Secretary.” 
He saw President do some typing then got up. 
The male sensed stared at him as he got up while speaking “Oh dear that look won’t do. I’ll have to send Roosevelt and Kensington with the proper gear.” 
He stood as President sat down and typed onto his computer for a short time then got up. Tom followed the male out of the office to the elevator which he stayed inside memorizing the numbered button for the male’s quarters’ floor. Then memorized the button to the floor to where he was to get off as he got off. Tom went to his quarters to find the familiar males there holding suitcases in their hands. Tom without a word went inside and stripped himself of his clothes leaving his underwear and bullet proof vest on. Tom wound up glaring at the two males with narrowed eyed look. He didn’t comment as Roosevelt got him into the bathroom and was taught how to put on makeup to hide his scarred cheek to his relief. Along with learning about putting prosthetics to make his ears look like a Highlander, making nails looked clawed like, with contacts to make his eyes look Shadonian and taught how to shave the hair off his head with an electric razor. 
He sneered seeing himself in the mirror once done to hear from Roosevelt “You’re expected to keep what I taught you. Just to keep up this look or disguise for baring your face to the public when the event calls for it.” 
Tom in response grabbed Roosevelt by the neck and lifted the male up who gagged out “Some national newspaper dubbed tabloid for blaring lies and too good to be true stories has some blurb article. It's detailing that they have a description of an assassin dubbed Brain Wave as in what this person looks like. They have hinted that they’ll publish the description in a future issue according to their article. Hence the use of the disguise making you seem like a Shadonian Human hybrid. So put me down now.” 
He obeyed glaring at Roosevelt who added “Just don’t blare the Berserker side to the public period no matter how tempted to do it. I prefer you wait till this ridiculous newspaper gives out what description this assassin looks like. That has to come out before you can go around without the disguise or with the Berserker side out for all to see.” 
He didn’t comment in response left the bathroom and got handed clothes and shoes from Kensington via suitcase. Tom found himself taught on how to put the clothes on. Tom finding them some black and white suit outfit similar to President’s brown and white black tie outfit but sensed the material was more richer looking from the feel. He felt himself annoyed with wearing the outfit finding it seemed confining from the tightness of it. 
Kensington spoke “Anyway that’s what you’re to wear when you go escort President to publicity events as his bodyguard when the event calls for it.” 
He didn’t comment in response only formed a sneer on his face. 
Roosevelt heard spoke “Ugh. Thunder, ditch that facial expression. You’re supposed to look peaceful while having some seriousness sensed from you as bodyguard. So dump that expression now.” 
Tom obeyed forming a frown as Roosevelt spoke while looking at a wrist watch band “Anyhow its time for you to get going to the garage room. Your expected to be there waiting for President who wants you there early as ordered.” 
He wordlessly walked out of the quarters followed by the two. Tom sensed them stop following as he hit the elevator hallway. Tom signed for the elevator to come to him once reaching the doors and waiting shortly for its arrival. He walked inside to hear snickering sounds from the two Amula guards making him feel annoyed with their laughing noises. The elevator took him to the garage room. Inside he stood with arms folded in such a way to avoid aggravating his fingers wearing clawed prosthetics on them. Tom waited as the elevator dinged and showed President wearing an identical outfit that widen his eyes seeing him. 
Tom spoke “This suit and disguise better be worth it Sir. I feel ridiculous.” 
He got nothing in response from President who cleared his throat. The male walked to the car with him following. At the vehicle he felt annoyance take hold as the driver blocked him from entering. 
He glared at the driver who spoke “Excuse me I need to teach you something involving opening car doors. That it’s your duty to do it once arriving.” 
Tom didn’t comment as the driver proceeded to teach him how to open and close the car door along with making it seem in a polite way. He once done got inside and buckled up his seatbelt. Tom sat staring out the window lengthy as the car drove in the city and out reaching the familiar fenced road as the sunset was seen. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled as the car reached the mansion and parked in front of it on President’s side. He got out and proceeded to do what was taught involving car doors to President. Tom wound up noticing a gaggle of people gathered on both sides of the door entrance holding various objects some having flashing lights aimed at him and President. He kept his mouth shut along with face into a blank expression. He followed President to the entrance while hearing the people call out the name of Donald Marshall along with sounding like they were asking questions along with requests for poses. He found President ignoring them and going to the door entrance where again two men were there. Tom found the male handing them an envelope and seeing one of them examine the contents then handed it back to him before allowing him to gain entrance. He followed President inside. Tom again heard the same dreary music making him feel depressed. He followed President into the familiar room as before. Tom went to stand near the bodyguards dressed in similar clothes as himself. He felt annoyed as the familiar scene of a female Human targeting him happened again along with acting like he punched her as soon as the music stopped. Tom wound up told to leave by a uniformed Human. Tom stood in the hallway standing in front of a curtained window eyes on the door entrance to the room. Tom kept himself discreetly unnoticed as various people arrived walking pass him into the room. Tom kept his eyes onto the door to see President walk out that weave walked towards him and collapsed into his arms. He found the scene changed to show a bedroom. 
Tom saw a familiar masked Highlander there "I ordered you to put victim on the bed." 
He obeyed. He watched as the Highlander servant of the High Council injected President with some liquid from a syringe. 
Then spoke to him “This medicine is only a temporary measure to the poison injected into him by assassin detected. Please see that Donald leaves this place on his own footing for the sake of the press camped outside to record people’s comings and goings. The owner of this place has issued that only the Governor can stay overnight while anyone else must leave at a certain time frame.” 
Tom didn’t comment as the Highlander disappeared in a flash of light. He repeatedly patted President gently on the cheek who woke up shaking his head looking like having a headache to him. 
He frowned as President groaned out “Ramses cut your blaring now its making my head pain worse.” 
Tom didn’t comment a response got President to his feet. Tom followed him out of the bedroom to a hallway and to a set of stairs leading down. He found led to a familiar hallway leading to outside. Tom continued to follow hearing the press blare their familiar words again as they reached the car parked in front on the road. He did the job of opening car door for President letting the male enter first then followed inside to shut the door.
Tom heard from the male “I’m going to be sick.”
Tom exhaled air eyeing President who pulled up part of the seat between them to yank out an object that made him think it was a bag and thrust his face onto its opening. Tom heard sounds of sickness. He looked away out the window lengthy as he continued to hear the male’s sick noises seemingly lengthy over and over. 
He heard from Ramses blaring in his mind “Mindbender there’s an assassination job the High Council wants you to do so hold on while I get additional information from the group on it.” 
He felt himself a little happy hearing that as his mind was still scanned as usual.
Ramses paused then heard the Meritanian talking “Actually High Council I prefer that Mindbender to change his appearance first before he does the job for you anyway. The victim is otherwise occupied at the moment and thanks to my sisters’ manipulations will be busy with fighting them to notice anything out of ordinary or what you have in mind as ordered.” 
Tom exhaled a breath to hear Ramses pause then the Meritanian continued talking “The victim from his mind scans has some kind of won’t go away paranoid thinking involving assassins targeting him due to witnessing an assassination done by Mindbender onto someone else in presence of others who don’t seem to be inclined to talk about the job he pulled.”
He stiffened recalling Breaker informing him of him killing someone in front of the presence of Alexei and others hanging around the victim. 
He heard from Ramses “Actually the victim is some blabbermouth yahoo from the group PON which you know what it means. He has already given some periodical a phone call claiming to witness an assassination by an assassin dubbed by another name and is thinking of doing more phone calls from anonymous sources. He’s thinking of blabbing about Alexei and his pity attitude towards assassins to periodicals just to get the press to the Zesky hospital and police to there once the information is better known just to cause more trouble there and put assassins down on a permanent basis in the process.” 
Tom felt himself annoyed with Ramses’ talk. 
The Meritanian continued talking “Actually my sisters are manipulating him to become in this status of being under the influence of alcohol at some bar place where people around there are in process of tossing him out of there onto the street due to that his behavior is not acceptable for patrons to display. He should be easy pickings for Mindbender to target him as I suggested to you High Council.” 
Tom eyed the scenery out the window with night vision.
Ramses paused then he heard from the Meritanian “Never mind the job Mindbender. The High Council has ordered someone else to do it at the moment which is being done anyway.” 
He felt dejected hearing that as Ramses stopped talking along with his mind scanned sense stopped. Tom eyed the window to see the city come into view with lights blaring all over the place illuminating street scenes. 
Tom heard from President abruptly sounding annoyed “That job better involved some car hitting this drunken fool and killing him cleanly right away period.” 
He stiffened hearing President’s words to figure out that Ramses broadcasted his words to President besides doing that blaring to him. He shifted to look at President still holding the bag in his hand but appearing to look much better and not so out of it sick to him. President added while noticing him staring “Ramses broadcasted what he was saying to you to me as well. I don’t give a damn if you do assassinations. As long as the mess is cleaned up tidy without any fingers to be pointed at me. Despite you serving me as my bodyguard. And yes I currently have assassins serving me that still serve the High Council dong assassinations. As long as the mess of the job is cleaned up and no fingers pointed to me like I said. Then I won’t give a fuss about sharing people with that group.”
He didn’t comment a response looked away as President looked like he was going to be sick again. Tom again heard the male’s familiar sickness noises. He sighed while looking out the window eyeing the city with a frown noticing the lights seemed to be illuminating various things that seemed bad to him from the looks of it. He frowned further noticing a police car parked in the street along with the car passing by another vehicle with lights flashing. Showing them hauling into the car he assumed a person covered up by a blanket while on a movable bed. 
He frowned from the scene to hear from Ramses “Assassination done as ordered, High Council. The victim was manipulated to walk into the road way which one of the vehicles’ driver was manipulated to hit the person at a fast speed and drive away once done with no memory of doing that job in their minds. The target is dead as said by the First Ones examining him.”
He heard a pause then Ramses’ voice continued “Mindbender, I took the liberty of telling this Alexei about the target and his attitude including his assassination done as a result. Alexei from mind scans seems to indicate that he’s busy weeding out the First Ones all part of the PON group who is thinking of blabbing about the assassins at the Zesky hospital living there to various sources and is busy putting them down on a permanent basis as in making them dead by sending out the assassins who live there to target those people with our help on the transportation. Those people at the moment are being targeted to make their deaths appear own self hands that did it so that other First Ones recording the scenes won’t be suspicious.”
He didn’t comment a response as Ramses kept talking “Anyway Alexei in case you want to know, High Council, doesn’t give a care if you rope those assassins back into doing jobs for you. All he cares at the moment is keeping nosy people out of the Zesky hospital and out of his business of doing inappropriate things for money payments as ordered by various people. Some of those inappropriate things in case you want to know involves former assassins having appearances altered then sent back to the public as bodyguards to people well off in money and well known among the public. He also does implantations for females to carry offspring belonging to males who aren’t part of the First One species despite having some appearances that indicate them as that. Plus that implantation bit is also done for people well off in money and well known in public to do it secretly without the public’s knowledge due to that other hospitals haven’t been keeping their mouth’s shut on that bit anyway. Those people in question are embarrassed to admit some problem with conceiving offspring regardless of them First One or not hence they doing that implantation bit at the Zesky hospital due to that Alexei has kept his mouth shut on it unlike other hospitals haven’t been doing despite patient doctor confidentially said to those places.” 
He heard Ramses pause but felt the mind still scanned. 
The Meritanian continued talking “Also, High Council, Alexei’s attitude at the moment is due to him going through some behavior phase. This is normal for him to undergo due to repeatedly going through multiple phases of behavior attitudes over and over and that’s from his deathless status and living at the Zesky hospital out of touch with living elsewhere without bothering to explore Shadan. He’s been like that since he was first detected after the transfer to Shadan despite us repeatedly scanning his mind at first undetected then now he detects us doing it and is always rude to us talking to him regardless of what the talk’s contents it is. Don’t ask us how he got that mind detecting sense in place. He won’t let us scan him long enough to find out about the sense due to that it’s not clear within his mind on how he got it in the first place. Anyway at the moment Alexei’s behavior attitude phase is him not caring about anybody but getting his money to run the Zesky hospital put in place. Alexei has already displayed that attitude before he stops by his own body getting some medical ailment and he goes into another phase from that which can be anything depending on how he feels. Sorry High Council but only medical ailments hitting Alexei have resulted in him changing behavior phases each time that they hit him. Those phases could be anything depending on how he feels after the medical ailment is fixed up for a bit.”
Tom frowned hearing that. 
President was heard loudly “Thanks for telling me that already known jokey behavior. He plays with people so get out of my mind now.” 
He felt the mind scanned sense stop which he looked at President who had a glare on his face. 
Tom eyed President who noticed his staring spoke “He in question actually plays people into thinking he’s going into some behavior phase. It’s amusing him. Gives him something to do while contained at the Zesky Asylum. That containment is due to PON blabbing about his deathless status ability. It's to various public sources that are keeping a very close eye onto him. They have refused to drop their obsession into his life. The containment as a result is for him to gain privacy and keep people’s noses out of his business. Plus he hides at the Zesky Asylum. Press people have been known to park themselves within vicinity of the place waiting for a glimpse of him to be seen. Once seen the press will board and pester him with various questions till their kicked out by the hospital’s staff. The press has been mostly tabloids that pester him about his deathless status ability and how he came to that. The excuse to the public is he’s not human. No explanation given to why his appearance is twin to a Human. Despite declaring himself not one of the Humans.” 
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as President looked away to resume his sick noises. He sighed and stared out the window finding the car entering a building that looked like the garage room. He got out once the vehicle stopped leaving the car door open. He saw two Highlanders wearing medical scrubs standing in vicinity having some devices in their hands. He stood watching as President came out of the car still making his sick noises. He didn’t comment as President’s arms were grabbed by the two Highlanders. Medics he assumed and found the male hauled into the elevator which he followed them inside. He saw one of the Amula guards snickering heard from them press a button with the familiar symbol involved President’s quarters. Tom felt the elevator go up arriving to there which the male was hauled out. He stood with arms folded as the elevator went down by manipulation of a snickering Amula. Tom felt himself getting angry from the laughing noises. Tom felt his mood foul twisted his form and thrust out fists hitting both Amula males in the foreheads seeing it hit home. Tom watched them get knocked out unconscious in the process. He formed a glare on his face as the elevator resumed its motion and stopped at the familiar floor. He walked out ignoring guards entering the thing appearing to attend to the knocked out guards. Tom sensed one of the guards escorting him eyed the male to see he was Kensington from the looks of him despite being a Drainer Human hybrid. He ignored and stomped into his quarters slamming the door only to hear Kensington open it and follow him inside. 
He glared at Kensington and spoke “Out with it now with this escort and following me in my quarters without giving me privacy to ditch this get up?”
Kensington he glared at spoke “Just want an explanation to why you were seen knocking out the guards in the elevator for due respects anyway. President has requested bodyguards when seen doing something inappropriate to other guards. Their to give a talking explanation to why they did the behavior. The information will go to him once it’s said.” 
He gave off a growling sound and roared an angry sound seeing Kensington not flinch from the noises despite it being loud.
Tom spoke finding his mood still foul “Tell President to order the guards to not to laugh in my presence whenever I’m wearing this get up. I distantly heard those two guards laughing. Despite them trying to hide their laughter from me. Their laughter was related to me wearing this get up. They haven’t displayed this laughing behavior before to me when I wore something else. Anyway anything else or get yourself out of here? I’m itching to get out of this get up anyway.” 
He glared at Kensington that shrugged and spoke “Honestly the guards not just those two found your get up appearance funny looking hence the laughing.” 
He roared out “Get out of here before I’m tempted to do something bad!”
Tom glared at Kensington who without a comment left the quarters shutting the door behind him. He darted into the bathroom and stripped himself of the disguise and clothes and bullet proof vest. Tom sighed finding himself much better from their removal. He picked up the disguise and clothes leaving the vest on the floor and left the bathroom. Tom went to the dresser to dump them all in drawers while finding his familiar black clothes in some of the drawers along with shoed boots and mask. He exhaled a breath and grabbed the clothes and boots. Tom went inside the bathroom which he dumped the items on the sink counter. He again sighed and figured that he’ll bathe. He proceeded to do then once done dried himself and put on the vest, clothes and boots on his form along with his familiar mask. Then left the bathroom going to the fridge to find it still stocked with its familiar bottled drink. He grabbed a bottle and forced himself to sip its contents slowly. Tom once done dumped the bottle in the garbage deposal then went to the bed to sit leaning against the headboard with pillows on his back. He sighed again from feeling himself much better and shut his eyes.
Tom figuring out to himself "I’ll get some sleep."
Tom woke up hearing the familiar ringing noises. Tom gave up a loud groan noise got up and went to the TV monitor to find the familiar scene of an army man saying his familiar words. 
He spoke “This is Thunder. I get this communication. What orders do you have for me?”
He glared at the monitored screen as the male spoke “Orders from President is not to take out guards regardless of mood feelings hitting at the moment. He says that you’re not to do that again or he’ll have you punished harshly for the take outs. Believe me the punishment is harsh. It involves sorting the god awful stinky garbage for processing to a recycling plant just prior to the truck coming to pick it up. Guards have complained on hating that job for it’s quite physical and not good for the senses anyway.” 
Tom spoke finding his mood become foul “Fine. Anything else I should know of anyway?”
He heard “President has said that he knows the actual whole story involving you being kicked out of a social event repeatedly. He also says that he has witnessed what happened to you. He figured that something else was going on and has refused when asked to say what it was. Medics attending to him have said that he’ll be bedded for awhile as per their orders. They requested you to go to Medical Bay as soon as possible for an examination as ordered for any side effects for what you were wearing as a disguise. Also the guards have been told not to laugh in your presence if your seen wearing certain get up or in presence of President himself with you there as well.”
He spoke as the male paused “Fine I get it what your talking about so anything else or is this conversation done?”
He got in response “Done Operator One out.” 
Tom saw the familiar colored screen placed a hand on it and shut off the TV turning black. 
He heard Ramses’ voice blaring in his mind “Mindbender, there’s a matter involving you required for physical fights to death with various people to gain money on gambling on it. This is still ongoing by the High Council ordering it at the moment. So excuse me while I transport the proper person for debriefing you on the fight.” 
He sensed a light show behind him to see a masked Highlander holding cloth in his hands while feeling Ramses stop his mind scanning to his mind. 
He folded his arms in a glare as the Highlander spoke holding up the cloth “This is what you’re to wear for fights. So ditch that get up your wearing and put this on now.” 
He obeyed dumping the shoes and clothes and vest onto the bed. Then put on the pair of black pants leaving his feet bare along with wrapping a bit around his ankles and seemed to remind him of physical activity clothes to him. 
He felt himself smirking as the scene changed to show the familiar room with the Highlander still there that spoke “We’re still using the Mindbender name but the announcer made some bet with the audience on which fighter would win to fight you. That your pants with no shoes and head looking like that is the result of the gamble. Barry did some manipulating I warn you to make the result happen to explain to your appearance’s differences.”
He didn’t comment a respond followed the Highlander out of the room to the familiar hallway and out to the cage while hearing the announcer speaking “As the result of the bet as said by me here’s Mindbender!”
He heard crowd cheer in response as he entered the cage and did a twirl before going to his familiar spot with hands up in fists feeling himself satisfied to be fighting. His eyes as if drawn noticed Barry standing behind the cage fence with a familiar glare look on the Builder’s face. Tom looked away towards the entrance to see humans haul in a male who was forced through and the cage. Entrance shut along with the electrical humming noises heard. The crowd began chanting for a fight. Tom eyed the male who got up awkwardly showing him to be shorter than him and appeared to look physically fit but not muscular as he was. He recalled the fight with Jinks eyed the male with a glare. Tom advanced towards him to see the man held up his hands fisted with a similar glare forming on the man’s face. Tom struck a kick move at the male’s head figuring out that he’ll see if he was trained in combative art moves only to see the man duck instead of blocking by arm or hand. He resumed kicking at the male who ducked repeatedly along with weaving his body out of being kicked by him. Tom did a full charge attack throwing his fists to see them connect onto the male’s form who staggered daze from the blows. Tom felt his senses blaring warning. He rained fists onto the man who didn’t meet his attack instead allowed himself to get punched by him. He kept up the fisting to find the male collapsed onto the ground. Tom blinked his eyes finding the male gone from the ground as the lights blinked. 
Tom glared at Barry figuring out "Blast! The Builder had something to do with this stunt!" 
The crowd gave off cheering noises while hearing the announcer repeat his words. 
He did a twirl and felt compelled to walk out of the cage which he proceeded to do. 
Tom got told by a Highlander “No fight for you today. You earned a rest so go rest for it.” 
He felt annoyance take hold as he was led to the familiar room and then found himself transported to his familiar quarters along with urged to ditch the pants and put on his familiar bodyguard wear. Tom obeyed then sat on the bed as if compelled to do it while hearing a knocking sound from the door in a rapping fire pace. 
Tom sighed feeling himself a little annoyed went to the door yanking it open to find a Highlander male wearing medical scrubs looking annoyed that spoke “Your wanted in medical bay immediately for testing on whether the disguise has affected you or not.” 
He walked out and sensed the Highlander following him. 
He took the familiar route to the elevator but on the way got told “Take the stairs to there. You need the physical exercise anyway.” 
Tom didn’t protest gestured for the Highlander to lead him which obeyed. Tom found his bad mood going away but still there as they went up the stairs seemingly lengthy to him. Till they came to a doorway and entered it which he found a hallway having an elevator in his left side and double doors on his right side with medical symbols on it. He followed the Highlander into the medical bay to find it was similar styled to the High Council’s infirmary. Tom sat on a bed and yanked off his mask while staring at the medic with a frown. Tom didn’t complain as the medic used a familiar wand device touching the skin of his face and sticking lights in his eyes while also touching his ears and touching his fingers each one along with rubbing it on top of his head. He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander went to a familiar computer monitor and stuck the wand into its side. 
Tom heard from the medic after a lengthy pause “Oh dear. You’re really allergic to what was used for you to keep a disguise. It’s appearing to affect your mood. Judging by how you’re reacting to the allergy. Also I recommended that something else be used instead of the current materials were used for your disguise.” 
He spoke finding his mood still bad as usual “Anything else doctor or can I go?”
Tom folded his arms while eyeing the medic who looked at him and spoke “Just a minute. I give you a shot for the allergy for your body to resume normal status.” 
He rolled his sleeve after putting on his mask covering his head. Tom waited as the medic went to a familiar desk and yanked out a syringe from a drawer. He eyed and didn’t protest as the needle was injected into his arm near the wrist. Tom sighed feeling his bad mood going away.
Along with told "Wait for another test." 
He yanked off his mask and rolled down his sleeve after the syringe was removed. Tom kept his mouth shut as the medic again touched him with the wand in familiar spots as before. Then eyed the Highlander scanning the results on computer monitor and didn’t hear any comments from the male but assumed that they were good. 
He spoke after a lengthy silence “Doctor, I’m assuming that the results are good so anything else or can I leave?”
He folded his arms hand still holding his mask. 
The medic looked at him and spoke “I warn you that the side affect of the drug will hit anytime. Will probably make you feel like getting what you got in your stomach out through your mouth but with no results of that happening. It’s just a feeling of the drug’s side affect anyway. Shouldn’t last long once nourishment is taken in and the feeling will lessen its affect. By the way I expect a follow up visit once the time calls for it. Just to make sure that the drug is actually working and not causing any other problems.” 
He heard an edge in the medic’s voice tone that indicated something else was unsaid. The doctor wasn’t going to elaborate to him on what he was hiding. By the male pointing a finger at the double doors and giving off ahem sounds. Tom obeyed to put on his mask and to leave the medical bay and went to the stairs recalling signs on the walls besides the doors. Tom remembered what his floor sign looked like which he tracked going down lengthy. Till the sign was found and went inside through the doorway to find his quarters there in the hallway he went in and felt himself sick abruptly enough to throw up. Tom forced himself to bed and leaned back shutting his eyes that some sleep would help him rest and recover enough to get his strength back. He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling himself sicker than he was and got up darting into the bathroom. He came out rubbing a hand on his stomach mask still on covering his head. His face was bared and went back to bed lying back against the headboard and pillows and shut his eyes. He again felt himself sick darted into the bathroom after getting up. Tom sat down on the bathroom floor leaning against the tub feeling himself still sick. He felt his appetite to take in nourishment not there. He eyed the bathroom doorway as if drawn to see a masked Highlander High Council servant enter the room that paused to stare at him who he sensed his mind scanned and got the Banshee thrown forwards. 
He heard “The medic didn’t honestly admit that you would be really sick literally from the medicine. Test results saying your body was treating it as some drug addiction. That was judging by the response you gave to the drug getting into your system. The test results on the Eli saying it.”
He didn’t comment a response as the servant added “The High Council wants to know the real reason to why you're serving them willingly. You with no known protesting to their orders regarding of how terrible it is. Other assassins known to give out some form of protest multiple times.” 
He mentally ordered "Highlander, throw back." 
Tom saw the Highlander threw himself back out of the bathroom. 
He mentally added “No. I’m not saying the reason.” 
He felt his mind scanned sensed it was Ramses screamed mentally “Ramses get out!”
He repeated his words to feel the mind scanning stop and sighed feeling himself much better willed aside the Banshee. Tom walked out of the bathroom to feel annoyance take hold finding Barry in his quarters. Barry seen flaring a familiar glaring stare along with eyes golden. Tom mentally willed the Banshee forwards only to hear Barry speaking in foreign language in a compelling voice tone. He found the Banshee willed away from him. He found that Barry regardless of his attempts to cover his face blocked him along with blocking his attempts to will the Banshee forwards. 
Tom spoke hearing anger in his voice tone “Barry, leave now.”
He felt anger take hold as Barry remained in the room. 
He added an insult “Go jump in the lake Barry.” 
He ignored Barry to go to the bed to sit. Tom found the Builder prevented him from lying down instead was compelled to kneel and remain in that position despite attempts to get up. 
He snarled “Barry, get out or else.”
Tom glared at Barry who refused to budge instead spoke to him in Summeran “Talk Tom now. The High Council after overhearing a talk between the Meritanians conversing with each other about you. Did some research about you doing jobs for them. They discovered from their records that you have appeared to be the most loyal of their assassins. They find this loyalty very odd to them. They want an explanation to this loyalty attitude now. So talk on it.” 
Tom spoke as nothing came to his mind about that “I don’t remember so leave me alone.” 
He stiffened as Barry spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone. Tom shut his eyes as the exact reason to why he was serving the High Council with perfect loyalty flashed into his mind. He again heard Barry speaking his familiar language and voice tone.
Tom spoke as if compelled as the Builder became silent “I was outcast by the Freeloaders and First Ones on Uzan all my life. Once grown I wanted to leave Uzan and even wished for that. Then later after a Queen who raised me was replaced I was exiled off Uzan. I didn’t have much of a purpose on Uzan. Other than used to find hidden First Ones. It's due to my success of finding them in hiding they used me to do that job.”
He felt tears flowing from his eyes as he opened them and stared at Barry and kept talking “My perfect loyalty towards the High Council is a result of them giving me some purpose to do. Accepting me as one of their own people. An acceptance I wanted in the first place from anyone that I repaid it with my loyalty.”
He continued talking with voice breaking as the tears flowed unstopped “I was exiled because I killed a Freeloader under urging of a Meritanian living there. The Freeloaders blamed me for the killing. They also blamed me for causing First One and Freeloader relations to be damaged when I had nothing to do with that. The scar on my cheek is from a Freeloader knife cutting me there. The tradition of either species getting the knife cut on their face is in payment for killing a manoid regardless of the species.”
Tom bent down arms around his middle as the sadness feeling took control and wailed a crying sound. He heard nothing from Barry in response continued to wail and slid himself to the floor finding himself unstopped on doing it curling into a ball to find sleepiness hitting him. He shut his eyes welcoming to the feeling sensing himself needing it and passed out unconscious only to hear the familiar ringing noise. He woke up with a gasp finding the tears had stopped flowing and had dried out. Tom shot up to stand finding Barry gone but the TV monitor flashing its familiar colors. Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled finding his mood was fine enough for talking yanked down the mask covering his face and went to the monitor turning it on.
Tom got the familiar male speaking “This is Operator One to Thunder do your receive?” 
He spoke “This is Thunder something I can do as ordered?”
He frowned finding his voice was fine to him as the male on the screen spoke “Orders from President is to have you come to a location. As guided to there by a guard arriving to your location who’ll escort you to it. Also personally from me make sure you have some nourishment taken before you leave. I suspect as rumored around here that President might have you do something physical involving physical combat just for him to see how well you’ll do when fighting someone. I think this involved you seen on recorders knocking out two guards. Their both rumored to have some ability to withstand being punched in the face and not easily knocked down. Sorry I was just repeating what I heard from other guards and what I was ordered to tell you.” 
He spoke “Fine. Anything else or is this done?”
He heard “Nothing. Operator One out.” 
Tom saw the familiar screen shut it off and went to the fridge to yank out a bottle. He forced himself to sip its contents entirely down then tossed the liquid holder into the garbage deposal. Then went to the bed to sit leaning against the pillows on the headboard and shut his eyes only to hear a loud knocking sound on his quarters’ door. He groaned and got up and went to the door yanking it open to glare seeing Kensington standing there. 
Kensington spoke “I’m ordered by President to escort you to the gymnasium room, Thunder. President says that you don’t know where it is and wants me to lead you to it. Where you’re to use the room and its contents on a daily basis. Just to keep up your physical fitness as required by the medical doctor insisting on people around here to do." 
Tom didn’t comment a response walked out of the quarters slamming the door and gestured towards an unflinching Kensington to lead him. He found the male leading him to the stairwell and going up while ignoring the elevator hallway and bypassing it to continue onto the stairs. He followed Kensington counting stairs and eyeing signs next to doors from memory till the guard stopped and went into a doorway showing a hallway. It reminded him of his prison dream judging by how similar the hallway looked to him. Tom seeing double doors at the end with writing on it that made him think it said gymnasium room despite unable to read it. He wordlessly followed Kensington inside to find the gymnasium room appeared to be for sporting. Judging by a group of males wearing shorts and short sleeve shirts he recalled Humans call them T-shirts. At one end playing a game with a ball trying to get it into a no ended basket high above them while blocked by others and bouncing the ball around. 
He frowned to hear from Kensington “Let me show you where to go around here anyway.”
Tom didn’t comment followed Kensington to the middle of the room and eyed him pointing in a direction towards a door in the wall saying “That’s the locker room for showering for males, personal use for expelling waste and getting water nourishments.” 
He eyed the door to see writing on it and figured that it involved identifying the door for males to enter. 
Kensington pointed to another door in the wall with some writing similarity but had some differences and heard from the male “That’s the locker room for females only. Don’t even think of going it there anyway. President made it clear that the gymnasium room and its contents including other physical fitness rooms are equal for males and females to use period.”
He nodded his head in a Human style bob as Kensington looked at his direction with a glare before adding “Come along now.” 
He followed Kensington to a set of double doors in the wall that weren’t leading to the stairwell hallway. To find another hallway having doors three doors on both sides with five of the doors only having large sized windows in the walls next to them, along with a door in the wall ending the hallway with a glowing writing sign above. He followed Kensington to a door off his left to spot through the window males wearing shorts and t-shirts appearing to be straining against machines by their movements and concentration looks on their faces.
Tom heard from Kensington “That’s the weight room where you manipulate machines called weights to keep your strength up and weight down. Someone in there will show you how to use them as ordered by President for servants and guards to teach new people doing the weights for the first time.” 
He didn’t comment followed Kensington to another window opposite from the window to spot a some what large ceilinged room having padded walls and padded floors with a hanging appearing to look heavy bag in a corner. Tom saw two females wearing clothing highlighting their forms in the room doing some physical combat moves. They were doing onto a male clad only in shorts showing his bare chest. The male was having padded coverings on his hands in the middle of the room. He frowned seeing the females were taking their turns to kick at the male’s padded hands while sensing the male wasn’t protesting to that. 
He heard from Kensington “That’s the training room for physical combat teaching and practice. President ordered guards and servants with knowledge of combative art to teach others. It doesn’t matter which gender it is as long as the moves are taught period.” 
Tom didn’t comment followed Kensington to the third window. It was showing a large room having a raised box with ropes around. Tom found two males in it wearing shorts and coverage on their heads and hands doing some punching aimed at each other.
He heard from Kensington again “That’s the boxing room for practicing the sport of boxing. It involves physical combat fighting.” 
He kept his mouth shut as the male led him to door opposite to the window and got ordered to go inside with him. He obeyed finding a hallway leading to double doors and smelled something odd that made him feel annoyed. He reached the doors and followed the male to see a large room holding a pool of water contained in a large rectangle ahead of him. Where he saw males and female wearing skin tight clothing on their forms were appearing to be swimming in it back and forth from one end to the other end and kept it up. 
He frowned as Kensington spoke “This is the pool room for swimming use only. Don’t think of drowning anyone for the room’s contents is closely monitored by recorders.” 
He spoke realizing that the people’s clothes were for swim wear “I don’t have anything for swimming.” 
He eyed Kensington that spoke “Actually there’s a locker in the locker room holding swim wear and towels for drying. Along with another locker holding the proper clothes for use of any of these rooms. I think President will have to make a special order for you. Being pretty sure that your size will not fit the clothes that he has for guards and servants.” 
Tom felt his mood flatted hearing Kensington’s remark regarding his size didn’t protest as the male ordered him out. Tom halted him while in the hallway with doors in the walls. 
Then pointed at the door having a glowing sign above and spoke “Where does that lead anyway?”
He heard a groan noise from Kensington that spoke “Darn it should have realized something. Anyway that’s the emergency escape route. Don’t open that door unless there’s an emergency. It's programmed to give off an alarm. Opening the door trigger the alarms in the building including the emergency personal to arrive to here to find out what’s the matter. Besides the building is littered with them. Along with that the escape routes are marked by that sign above that says ‘Exit’ in Aramaic language. It's what we Humans use for writing as ordered by our leader the King too many years ago.”
He saw Kensington glaring at him with a look that suggested he was to admit something.
He spoke “Oh I wasn’t taught the Aramaic writing language despite living on Shadan for awhile. The language I was focused on when it comes to speaking was Basic. With some cases of speaking the Human’s main language of Summeran. Along with doing various hand languages for communications with people. Sorry I’ve been using my memories to help me remember writing symbols posted on various places around here. Just to get myself around.” 
He got an Hmph sound from Kensington that led him to the gymnasium room and followed him back to the stairwell. 
The male spoke “I apologize Thunder. I have to inform President personally about what you admitted to me regarding writing languages and communications via speaking languages. President requires bodyguards to be fluent in writing languages besides speaking languages. I believe President will have to see on what can be done to get you fluent in writing languages. Sorry but I still have to inform him anyway so excuse me.” 
He watched Kensington leave him going up the stairs and sighed loudly. 
Tom heard from Ramses blaring in his mind “Hold on Donald I have to do something regarding Thunder as I said to you. Thunder, you’ll feel a headache at the moment so don’t scream from the pain.”
Tom jerked grabbing the stairwell railing as if compelled. Tom forced himself to sit down on the steps while feeling an intense headache hitting him and groaned softly from it. 
He kept a hand on the stairwell railing as the headache coursed through him then went away abruptly followed by Ramses’ speaking “Thunder tell me what the sign on the door says will you?”
He eyed the door to see it say "Gymnasium entrance." 
Tom repeated it in his mind and heard from Ramses “Yah he’s now fluent as ordered by the High Council, Donald. Excuse me while I tell Kensington to not bother telling you about that and that I aim to use the excuse that I made Thunder remember the written language as forgotten due to some trauma hitting him awhile back which he’s not to ask Thunder on what it is actually due to that bad people would be angry if he said the actual reason to him.”
Tom exhaled a breath as Ramses went silent along with the mind sense scanning stopped while sitting on the steps. Tom removed his hand and rubbed a hand on his forehead and sighed with a groan. He heard the sound of footfalls behind him frowned to get up in a fast move to spot Kensington with a frown on the male’s face. 
The hybrid once reaching him spoke “Ramses got me to remember that there’s a locker in the men’s locker room set aside for you. It's as marked by your name ‘Thunder’ on it in Aramaic written language. I think it contains everything you need for using the gymnasium and other rooms around as well.” 
Tom frowned but kept his mouth shut as Kensington spoke “I heard from Ramses that President requires the use of your mask is for going out in public among the Humans doing body guarding job if the event requires you to wear it. Ramses hinted to me that the mask keeps Humans from being freaked out from you doing something unnatural towards others in protecting President when the job requires it. He refused to say what it was and told me off on asking you anyway. He did say that you can bare your identity towards others serving President who are ordered to keep their mouths shut on your facial description.”
He didn’t comment a response as Kensington kept talking “Ramses said that President is going to be bedded for a bit as ordered by the medics. You shouldn’t be staying in your room contained for the whole duration of him being down sick anyway.” 
He spoke as Kensington gave him a familiar glare “Fine. I’ll see about using the physical activities rooms anyway.” 
He got a head bob from Kensington who spoke “Please do. I warn you that the rooms are closely monitored by recorders that various people in the building including President that can view anytime they like. Don’t do anything inappropriate towards people. Or find yourself sorting garbage as President orders whenever people are caught doing those behaviors.” 
He spoke as Kensington gave him another glare “Alright. I’ll see what I can do to behave appropriately.” 
He got from the male “Aw hit the gymnasium and get some exercise now.” 
Tom obeyed walking away entering the hallway to find the double doors said “Gymnasium.” 
He walked inside to spot the males playing were standing around in an apparent argument from their behavior. Tom ignored them discussing loudly on something that involved score points. He went into the men’s locker room to explore it mostly ignoring males in there using the facilities and changing clothes. He found his locker with the word Thunder blared on it after a good exploration. Tom yanked it open to discover items involving the use of rooms inside. He sighed and figured that he’ll practice combative art, Tom exchanged his clothes and boots leaving his underwear shorts and socks on for a t-shirt and shorts and shoes with putting in his mask while rubbing the top of his head to again feel the familiar fuzz of hair. 
He sighed and mentally thought to himself “Hmph wonder if I can grow out my hair? This shaving isn’t my thing anyway.” 
He left the locker room ignored by males to find the arguing males were again playing. This time they were each taking turns throwing the ball at the basket. Tom went by them to the hallway leading to the other rooms. He went to the physical combat training room finding the females and male gone from there and he was alone in it. Tom sighed and went into the middle of the room and began doing his combative art training moves practicing each movement with care. He kneeled once done to mediate and shut his eyes only to hear a loud clapping sound. Tom jerked them open to spot a male with brown skin and long hair while wearing identical clothing as he was and standing at the doorway with a female wearing skin tight clothing. 
He frowned as the brown skinned male spoke with some accent “Excuse me for interrupting but are you finished with the room? I’m required to teach physical combat moves as ordered if you don’t mind.” 
Tom didn’t say a word got up and left the room ignoring them while slamming the door. He went to the locker room to exchange clothes and got halted by a male as he finished dressing who spoke “Don’t slam the locker regardless of tempted. This happened to a guy who had his locker broken as a result. The custodian took a long time to replace the door. Guy in question wound up the butt of jokes around here as in things in his locker stolen and hidden around the locker room. His locker didn’t have a door for keeping people out.”
Tom gently shut the locker in question and gave the male a glare who added “By the way there’s an issue of slamming doors around here which is a no, no for people to do. Also there’s a slammed door around here that has locked people inside a room so we need your help in getting the door open.”
He gave off a growl sound and saw that the male didn’t flinch from the noises instead gestured him to follow. Tom found the male obeyed finding the man led him to the physical combat exercise room where there were three males gathered around the door that looked in his direction with glares. He went to the door grabbing the handle and gave it a jerk yanking it open to find the familiar female and brown skinned male walk out which both gave him glares. He walked away in response ignoring people glaring at him. Tom wasn’t spared glares from people in the gymnasium room who halted their playing to glare at him. He walked out and went taking a route to his quarters and inside gently shut the door. He exhaled a breath and went to his bed to lie down on it shutting his eyes only to come to hearing a door knocking sound rapid fire paced. 
Tom groaned softly and got up going to the door yanking it open to find Kensington there holding a suitcase that spoke “President has ordered you to the garbage deposal for sorting and has sent me to give you the proper clothing wear for the job.” 
He felt disgust take hold heard from Ramses blaring in his mind “Hey its rumored around where you are that people think their leader is soft on you hence this garbage cleaning chore ordered just to prove to those people that your treated equality.” 
He felt Ramses stop and stepped into the room followed by Kensington. Tom stripped himself of his clothes and shoes as ordered along with the mask and bullet proof vest and got handed some clothes that seemed like they were made out rubber to him. He felt disgust take hold feeling the clothes was a jumpsuit made out of rubbery material that covered him from head to foot leaving his face bare. 
He glared at Kensington that spoke “Excuse me while I lead you to the garbage deposal unit.”

Tom felt disgust take hold from the memory of sorting the garbage for the recycle truck. He lied in bed while staring at the ceiling nothing on his form except a blanket covering him. He recalled that the sorting left him feeling disgusting and needing a wash. Tom arrived to his quarters and dumped the clothes into a bag by Kensington there ordering him. He obeyed and went inside to clean himself of the stinking feeling. He recalled fully that he sensed himself not alone in the quarters to find a familiar female lying in his bed with some nakedness seen that commented to him that he caught her eye. He frowned hearing that as his senses blared warning got into bed and got straddled by her. 
Only to see a Freeloader yank her off along with thrusting her back to him while speaking “Check her back.” 
He heard inappropriate language from the female as he saw on her back was a syringe needle appearing to be taped there. Then saw her and the Freeloader disappear in a flash of light which he figured was Ramses transporting them out. He exhaled a breath from the memory to keep his form laid in bed. Tom adjusted the blanket up to his shoulder and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. Only to hear a ringing noise sounding not like the TV monitor to him but off his right. Tom jerked open his eyes to glare at the dresser’s contents. Tom spot a device on top that blared numbers along with appearing to have a light flashing as ringing noises was heard appearing to come from that thing. 
He reached with a hand touching the object only to hear a squeaky voice speaking “Its morning time for you to get up.” 
Tom heard the ringing stop from that thing along with the noises. He removed his hand and sighed finding himself better rested from the sleep but itching for a drink. He got up and spied on the dresser opposite from the bed was his uniform. Tom went to the uniform and put on then went to the drink holder grabbing a bottle and forced himself to sip a drink entirely before deposing it in the garbage deposal. Tom sighed feeling himself much better. Tom figured he’ll do combative art exercises only to hear a ringing noise coming from the TV. He went to it to again got the familiar male speaking his familiar words. 
He spoke “This is Thunder here, something I can do for you?”
He heard “Progress report on President is that the medics have lifted his bedridden status. They have him still contained in his quarters with orders of not to do very much physical activity. President ordered this said to you which I’m relaying.” 
Tom spoke “Oh anything else?”
He got “Nothing Operator One out.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and turned off the TV monitor. Tom figured that he’ll go do physical exercise. He took a route to the gymnasium to find males there that gave him glares while halting what they were doing. He felt a familiar feeling hitting him from their looks reminding him of something. He went to the locker room to again got the familiar looks and found his locker open. Tom saw inside didn’t have anything in it and felt with shock what the familiar feeling was. He quietly shut the locker and went to the physical combat exercise room sensing himself followed. Once inside the room he took off his mask and leaned against a padded wall to realize that the males by their glares had out casted him. It was judging by the familiar feeling of being rejected hitting him whenever he was around Freeloaders and Humans on Uzan. He kneeled sensing himself watched to feel his eyes watering. Tom continued to lean against the wall till a familiar male walked into his eyes view. 
He saw it was the familiar brown skinned male that spoke to him “Excuse me. I heard a rumor around here that you were a former assassin said in some nasty tone. Can you confirm or deny this?”
He spoke in a broken voice tone realizing why he always did orders by the High Council regardless of how he felt “I confirm I’m a former assassin so leave me alone.” 
Tom eyed the male who walked out of sight and sensed him leave the room. He recalled that the High Council’s acceptance attitude towards him was reason why he always did their orders without protesting or questioning them regardless of how he felt. He sighed finding his sad mood gone to put on his mask and left the room. Tom wound up going to the gymnasium room to find the familiar brown skinned male was there talking to males in the room loudly. 
Tom eavesdropped said “I got confirmation that Thunder is a former hired killer from him.” 
He frowned at the male’s words hired killer. Another male he heard spoke in some laughing tone some insult towards him referring him as a seat. Tom heard laughter sounds among the males making him angry enough to want to kill. Tom refrained himself from doing it. Tom willed the Banshee forwards and mentally ordered the laughing male forwards towards him who gave a scream sound as he was thrown in his direction. He caught by neck dangling the shorter male’s feet. He heard multiple gasping sounds as he waved a Banshee clawed hand in the male’s face in some finger waving gesture then dropped him who landed onto his seat with a loud groan sound. 
Tom heard from the brown skinned male “Wasn’t there a saying that appearances are deceiving around here hmm?” 
He ignored the male’s words to will aside the Banshee and walked away hearing the males in the room chatter about him. Tom ignored taking a route to his quarters and feeling himself sad again which inside he kneeled taking off his mask. He felt tears spill from his eyes as he wrapped his arms around his front and slowly rocked his form back and forth. He sensed a light show in front of him and felt compelled to focus which he saw Barry that gave him a familiar glaring stare. 
Tom stared at Barry in response which he spoke “Barry, tell the High Council to take me back. I’ll do anything to be back in their services again-“
He cut himself off when Barry’s eyes flared golden colored as he stared at the Builder who spoke “Back into their services Tom? Unfortunately who will replace you as bodyguard to your Master hmm? I warn you that the Humans have managed to blare among each other in various methods of some unusual Human seen body guarding your Master. Their curiosity about you have the Humans a bit on the obsessed side enough to want to scrutinize you while your in the public eye doing bodyguard work towards your Master. I warn you that it’ll take awhile before their interests dies down which is when the High Council will have you in their services again.”
He groaned a nonsense sound hearing Barry’s words who added “Actually you’re going through some kind of withdrawal at the moment that involves some feeling hitting you whenever you assassinate people. I suggest that you put up with this bodyguard job regardless of how your feeling. It’s giving you a purpose.” 
Tom opened his mouth to protest only to hear Barry speaking his familiar language in a compelling voice felt himself sleepy slid to the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up to dream of his Freeloader mother hugging him while he was kneeling on the floor crying. He frowned as the dream continued as his Freeloader mother rubbed his forehead and didn’t say anything to him but continued to hug him as he cried. He dreaming felt himself calming down to shut his eyes and came to hearing the familiar ringing noise of the device. He figured was a wake up device he dubbed Waker waking him up. He opened his eyes and sat up hearing Waker quit its noises along with giving off its familiar words. Tom ignored getting up going to get a drink as if compelled to drink. He forced himself to sip the drink bottle entirely then once done toss aside the bottle then went into the bathroom. Tom wound up thinking of giving himself a bath due to feeling like needing to be clean as part of his hygiene. 

Tom came out of the bathroom finding himself much better along with mask on and sighed loudly. Only to groan hearing the TV’s familiar ringing noise which he went to it and got the familiar male speaking his familiar words. 
He spoke “This is Thunder something I can do?”
He heard from the male “President has ordered you to verbally apologize to one of his guards as pointed out by a guard for an inappropriate behavior towards him.”
He felt his mood flatten hearing that as the male continued “President is aware of that the guard in question said some insulting joke aimed at you. He says that you should have reacted differently as in verbalizing your words towards the one that spoke that joke. He says that talking would have shamed that joker in question so next time think of verbalizing your words when insulted.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled as the male stopped talking.
Tom spoke “Anything else?”
He glared at the screen as the male spoke “Oh President was talked out of having you do the garbage deposal sorting as punishment towards the joker in question so that’s it Operator One out.” 
Tom saw the screen shift to back to its familiar screened view. He shut it off and gave off a loud roaring sound of anger. He stomped around the quarters raising his fists and waving them then heard a door knocking sound rapid fire paced. He wiled himself to calm feeling like needing to be calm.
Tom yanked open the door to glare at Kensington who spoke “I’m ordered to take you to the guard for you to apologize to. Oh President didn’t say anything on how you can say your words to the guard in question for an apology. I suspect that you can say anything you like as long as you use the word ‘I’m sorry’ towards this guard in question.”
He didn’t comment a response gestured towards Kensington to lead him. The male obeyed as he left the quarters gently shutting the door. Tom figuring out that slamming it would wedge it shut in the doorway as done by another door. He followed Kensington to the gymnasium. Tom find males playing a ball game that halted seeing him. Tom saw a male with long blonde hair pulled back a smirk look on the face looking familiar to him but he couldn’t place the face walk up to him with arms folded. He heard a throat clearing noise from Kensington.
He spoke to the smirking male “I’m sorry about my inappropriate behavior so excuse me for it.” 
Tom clamped his mouth shut to see the male open his mouth only to give off a loud grunt as a ball was thrust onto his front followed by another male speaking “Come on and play smarty. I’m not done footing your seat in the game.”
He heard from Kensington “Go play and foot seat for me since I can’t play anyway.” 
Tom frowned hearing that as the male obeyed getting into the group of males and watched them resume playing their ball game. Tom wound up while hearing them insult each other with comments that sounded insulting to him which he shifted to eye Kensington. 
He eyed the hybrid that looked in his direction and spoke “Last time I played a game of Basketball that their playing I knocked out unconscious every single player with my mental abilities dubbed Sonar around here. President as a result has banned me from playing the game with others unless I’m playing it by myself or with others of my own kind. He laid down this ban onto others of my own kind too. It's due to suspecting that there’ll be similar knock out results.”
Tom didn’t comment a response as Kensington added “My kind has a mental ability dubbed Sonar. That involves detecting people behind blockades of any kind including knocking them out unconscious if their in our presence if it's activated. Yes we can use this ability to assassinate people if we mentally give the order towards a victim. They’ll find their beater organ has stopped which will cause them to die. Unfortunately the Humans have figured out a way of restarting the beater organ when it stops. Bringing life back to a victim something that has happened over and over for too many times to count. Also I can’t guarantee that you’ll be immune to the Sonar ability. It has reportedly taken down various species other than the Humans in question.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Kensington turned to face him with arms folded and a glare on his face. He figured that the hybrid wanted him to talk. 
He spoke figuring out what the subject was “Oh the hand change ability is what I dubbed Berserker. Some side of me that I mentally activate at will. It involves some change to my face and eyes despite some change to my hands. I admit I do have some kind of mental ability to manipulate people and objects by mentally ordering them to move whenever the Berserker is activated. And yes I can assassinate people by various methods with this Human form including the Berserker side activated to cause death to victims. I’m unsure of if the Humans have figured out a way of bringing a victim back to life regardless of the damage done to them which I haven’t heard anything involving that.”
He clamped his mouth shut sensing silence in the room as he figured that the ball playing males were eavesdropping as Kensington spoke “And spill it on how you brought down victims with the Berserker in control.” 
He felt himself not willing to share with the information with the eavesdropping males. Tom leaned his form forwards till he was near Kensington’s ear and whispered quietly sensing that the males in the room weren’t able to hear him. 
He whispered “Involves shattering mind and beater organs by mental order.”
Tom straightened up his form to stare at Kensington who spoke loudly “Interesting but explain why you preferred to whisper that in my ear instead of letting others overhear.”
He sighed softly and spoke loudly “People when told of this have freaked out displaying some scared attitude. They have refused to have anything to do with me as a result so excuse me for not broadcasting this to others here.” 
He folded his arms as Kensington spoke “Interesting hearing that Thunder. Does your Human form have an ability to assassinate people regardless of species and size?”
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “Yes I have ability but it’s focused on the Human species at the moment. Besides people have talked me out of trying that ability onto other species regardless of them being humanoid or not.” 
He got nothing from Kensington only to hear a sneering voice tone off his right “That’s interesting for a buffoon hybrid freak.”
He felt the Banshee willed forwards as if compelled to hear a Freeloader’s voice sounding in his mind “Tom walk away now. It’ll humiliate that joker in question. That he expects you to give him a verbal response and from mind scans of him he’s not expecting a no response walk away which he’ll find embarrassing.” 
Tom obeyed walking away willing aside the Banshee. He heard the male joker he assumed repeat his words. He ignored going out of the gymnasium making sure to not slam the doors. Tom went to the stairwell only to sense himself followed. He halted his walking to stand sideways as footfalls came nearer and nearer showing Kensington who came into view. 
He eyed the hybrid who spoke once reaching him “That joker in question is dubbed Mouthy by President. Behind his back Junior by others. Him displaying that rude attitude towards others new in the servitude including not sparing the Humans in question from it. Along with President seemingly favoring him to let him get away with that behavior in question. He has refused to drop that attitude towards new people. Despite told to drop it along with repeatedly getting them punished to do the garbage sorting. It's whenever their caught by others including President fighting him by his rudeness aimed at them. The only way of getting Junior to drop his rudeness attitude is to not give a response of any kind. Along with sometimes involved what you did walking away without saying anything. Junior in response has repeatedly tried out his rudeness towards people who don’t give a response. It will take a varied time frame for him to drop it once it’s obvious that the people aren’t giving him what he wants. He’ll pull this stunt onto you repeatedly at meetings just to get a response. I warn you it’ll take him awhile to get the message that you’re not interested in him and his attitude.” 
Tom frowned as Kensington gave him a familiar glare stare which he spoke “Oh interesting but what’s this joker’s actual name anyway?”
He frowned further as Kensington spoke “Actually the majority of people here don’t give out their actual names instead are given names by President to be named as when referring to them. I’m referred as Kensington. It’s the name I was given by a certain group when I served them as a hired assassin whom the name has stuck and kept by President.”
He didn’t comment a response as Kensington added “Besides Junior has been officially dubbed Mouthy by President. Its rumored that this joker in question has used his verbal words of mouth to get out of dangerous situations including getting out of situations around here regarding people pulling jokes onto him.”
Tom frowned as Kensington paused to give him another glare which he spoke “I’m dubbed Thunder with no explanation given to that name. I haven’t asked President for that name dubbing anyway due to not being in the mood to do it. Oh it’s not the name I went around as some hired assassin. I was dubbed something else I prefer to not to say what it is. It's due to thinking that some of the public know me by that name but haven’t identified me as an assassin yet.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to eye Kensington that spoke “Interesting hearing that from you. Considering it was rumored that the public knew you and your assassin ways by a different name they dubbed you as blared by the press for awhile.” 
He sighed softly and spoke “Actually I’ve been used for gambling ways among people so figure out what I mean regarding the name I refused to say.” 
Tom eyed Kensington that spoke “Hmph anyhow I warn you be careful of Mouthy and his rude attitude. He won’t give up trying to get a response from you till he quits for good. I also warn you that Mouthy has managed to get away with his attitude towards people who have given violent responses towards him as in them punished. He doesn’t get any sort of punishment despite them pointing him as the one who set them off to react violently.” 
He frowned hearing that as Kensington stopped talking. Tom heard footfalls coming nearer and nearer and saw the male turn sideways looking up the stairs to spot another hybrid like the male. Tom recognized was dubbing himself as Talon that stopped walking once reaching them. 
He eyed Talon that spoke “Ugh Kensington, orders from President is to give Thunder need to know basis information instead of just blaring it to him.” 
He frowned as he heard from Kensington “Anything else as ordered, Talon?”
Tom eyed the hybrid Talon that spoke “Nope nothing else besides President wants you to do your job around here instead of hanging around guards talking to them too much as seen via recorders.” 
He heard a Hmph from Kensington as Talon kept talking “By the way Thunder, your dubbed that name from President claiming that you give him some feeling of a whirling storm about to erupt. President has refused to explain how he got that feeling enough to dub you by that name of Thunder anyway. I figured that he prefers to speak it to you in private instead of relaying it by guard word of mouth.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he eyed Kensington who went up the stairs followed by Talon. Tom sighed figuring that he’ll go to his quarters which he felt compelled to go up the stairs instead to his annoyance. He found his feet guiding him to the gymnasium room. Inside he found a basketball game in process which he ignored to go to the locker room. 
On the way he heard the familiar sneering voice speaking loudly “Well what do we have here? It looks Human, reeks of one but isn’t Human, hah, hah.” 
He rolled his eyes in response and kept walking into the locker room making sure to not to slam the door. Tom went to his locker eyed by males in there he sensed to find everything in the locker was still not returned instead was empty. He shut the locker with a gentle slam. Tom walked out of the locker room ignoring males whose whispering became cut off whenever he neared them followed by them staring at him with various emotions seen on their faces he glimpsed. Tom walked out of the locker room into the gymnasium room to eye the males playing basketball. Tom looked to see one looking familiar he recognized as the one he apologized.
The male quit the game to hold the ball speaking in a familiar voice in his direction “Whoo hoo! It’s Thunder the hybrid freak!”
He again rolled his eyes as he went to the hallway leading to the other rooms and heard nothing from the male in response. He went to the physical combat room finding no one inside from peering through the window. Tom went inside in the middle of the room which he proceeded to do his combative art exercises till a loud clapping sound interrupted him. 
Tom eyed the doorway with a frown to find the familiar brown skinned male was there with another female this time who spoke “Excuse me the name is Longbow as referred around here. By the way there’s a rule involving certain shoe wear can be worn when doing exercises in here which your shoes aren’t appropriate.”
He didn’t comment a response walked out of the room making sure to shut the door gently. Tom stood in the hallway with arms folded forcing himself to be calm despite his mood becoming foul. He went to the physical exercise room’s window to peer and saw Longbow was in the middle of instructing the female self defense moves he assumed what they were. Tom wound up seeing her learn how to get out of trapped status by people gripping her in various methods. He eyed them with a frown then felt himself bored and calm enough. He left the window and went out of the hallway to the gymnasium room. 
He gritted his teeth as the familiar male voice was heard loudly “Whoo hoo! Its Thunder the freaking Shadonian hybrid and whatever species he is!”
Tom heard multiple laughing sounds as the male repeated his words. He ignored going to the gym room entrance and walking out in the hallway. He went to the stairwell going down the stairs to see an Amula male walking up them that blocked his way to his annoyance. 
The Amula male spoke “President wants you at a location. He ordered me to guide you to there Thunder.” 
Tom stepped aside and gestured towards the guard to guide him. He found to his annoyance led him to the gymnasium room. Again once inside got insulted by the familiar male speaking his familiar words only to see other males gathered around call him Mouthy and telling him to quit the attitude now. 
He frowned as the guard spoke to him “Let’s see you throw the ball into the basket from various points around here so give him the ball now.” 
He caught the ball thrown by the familiar male that insulted him he assumed he’ll refer as Mouthy. Tom kept his mouth shut as the guard instructed him on how to throw the ball aimed at the basket above along with seeing on getting it into the area from various standing points. He found himself tall enough to dump the ball in a short toss into the basket when standing nearly under it. Tom had trouble getting it into the basket from other standing spots regardless of how far he was from it. Tom frowned as the guard ordered that ball tossing over. He gently tossed the ball towards a male avoiding Mouthy who again gave up his familiar insult words only to hear other males tell him off on the jokey words aimed at him. Tom went to his quarters to sit resting and relaxing. He wound up thinking of various memories flashing in his mind. Tom frowned hearing a click sound breaking him of his reverie from lying in the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He figured was someone being transported sat up to find a familiar covered male there that was staring at him he sensed. He removed his mask and stared at the male with a frown who removed his mask showing Jinks' face but had longer hair and the color of black. He eyed Jinks he assumed was him from the male’s eyes not showing any fear. Tom wound up eyeing him as he recalled attending another fundraiser for the Governor with President. Tom saw the covered male there who prevented himself from being kicked out of the room on accusations of punching a female who pretended to be punched by him in his presence a trick that happened before. He recalled that Jinks at the fundraiser produced a syringe waved in the uniformed Humans’ faces. Jinks pointed fingers aimed at the female and jerked a thumb aimed at him while waving the syringe. Only to hear the female sputter some lying comment and didn’t sound like she was in pain to him. This got the uniformed males to haul her protesting out of the room along with taking the syringe from the covered male. He eyed Jinks who didn’t say a word instead appeared to be scrutinizing him from the blue Human eyes narrowed. Tom frown eyeing Jinks recalling fully that he caught Jinks in President’s bedroom. He tried to bring him down with mental orders only to discover his familiar sense had blared when the male brought a hand up. He scanned his mind and heard a comment referring to him as Mindbender doing the guarding job before transported out.
Tom spoke finding himself needing to talk “Despite the hair changed appearance I’m not fooled in knowing its you anyway.” 
He eyed Jinks who spoke sounding like the Jinks before “Interesting that despite your hair cut off I know its you anyway.” 
He frown hearing Jinks echo some of his words got up from the bed to stand with arms folded a hand still holding his mask. 
Tom while eyeing the male to see another light show showing Barry that spoke “This visit was ordered by the High Council in case you both want to know. Besides they say this visit ends now.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Barry spoke his familiar language in a compelling voice tone. Tom found Jinks and the Builder disappearing in flashes of light. He heard a knocking sound on the door placed the mask back on. 
Tom went to the door yanking it open to stare at an Amula male who spoke sounding rude “The President wants you in his office immediately.” 
Tom without a comment left his quarters walking out following the Amula to the elevator finding the doors open and went inside. Tom wound up feeling the thing going up lengthy till it stopped showing a familiar scenario. He went to the hallway leading to the office to find the doors shut. He frowned as the doors opened with a beep sound to walk into the room to find two males seated at the table wearing clothes and head gear twin to his but appeared to be shorter sized then him. He went to President’s desk where President was seated looking grim on his facial expression. 
He kept his mouth shut as President spoke sounding upset to him “Thunder, thanks to things I can’t control I have no choice but to terminate you serving me. It's another word of you fired and out of the body guarding job effective immediately.” 
He felt himself angry hearing that willed the Banshee forwards to find President behind the twin males all standing. Tom heard voices sounding Builder like speaking in unison in compelling voice tones in foreign language. He felt himself compelled to will aside the Banshee and obeyed. 
Tom frowned finding the two males remained standing as President behind them spoke loudly “Thunder get out or I’ll call security to kick you out.”
He obeyed walking out of the room to the elevator and felt the thing go down lengthy. Tom wondered where he was going only to find it leading to the garage room by the room in view when the thing stopped at the floor. He got ordered out by the guards using or else words included. He obeyed walking out to find the guards following him and ordered to the garage door. He found one of them opened it by switch and gestured to walk out. He obeyed finding the sky was dropping whiteness too numerous to count along with coldness felt. He felt warmth unexpectedly to find himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the group. 
Shad spoke “Remove that head gear now.” 
He obeyed to bare his head entirely and stared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Hmph it’ll take awhile for you to resume normal appearances before doing jobs for us again.” 
He felt himself happy hearing that sighed softly only to hear from Shad “Anyway Ramses transport Mindbender to some place where he can get some rest and nourishment now.” 
He found the scene changed to hear a familiar Listener’s voice ordering him out of the room. Tom obeyed walking out to hit the barroom finding himself itching for a drink and once inside gave his familiar order to find the bartender staring at him with some scrutinizing look instead of doing his drink order. 
Tom gave the bartender a glare and spoke “My hair was cut off so I could serve some stinking First One in a job guarding from harm. Hence me looking like this so give me a drink now.” 
He glared at the bartender who stopped his staring and resumed his duties. Tom sat on a stool throwing onto the bar top the mask and clasped his hands together in front of him on the bar while staring at them. He sighed as the bartender handed him a gold cup. 
Tom found instead of his drink was the medicinal drink and gave the Listener a glare who spoke “Sorry I got my orders on what drink to give you for a certain time period till you can resume normal drinking status.” 
He didn’t comment a response gave the Listener a glare and looked away to stare at the bar top while sipping his drink till there was nothing left. Tom felt tiredness hitting him got up ignoring his mask and sleepily walked out of the barroom going to the hallway. He went to a door and walked inside yawning loudly that shocked him to hit the bed ignoring everything all around him and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to with a start finding his clothes different on his form along with a familiar sense hitting him brought a hand to his head and felt relief hitting him to find his hair had grown back entirely. 
He sat up hearing a yell in Listener voice and heard from one of them in Basic “This is Listener nesting room get out.”
He eyed the room to spot various Listeners standing that gave him glares. He got up and left the room recalling where his actual room was. Tom went to finding the door opened for him and inside went into the bathroom to peer at himself in the mirror. He eyed himself seeing his hair was grown back. Tom eyed to see he was again wearing High Council servant wear clothes while feeling himself relieved to find himself back to serving the group. He sighed and went out of the room to the barroom to find Jinks inside leaning against the bar back to it with Barry there seated on a stool sipping from a cup. He eyed Jinks who eyed him back without the familiar fear looks he normally would get from Humans before assassinating them. He went to the stool next to Jinks and sat staring at the bartender who did work preparing a drink and handed it to him in a familiar cup. Tom again saw it was the familiar medicinal drink. He sipped the drink lengthy to find a hand touching his shoulder off his left. He sensed was belonging to a Freeloader to look finding a male staring at him. 
Tom placed the drink down and with such force removed the Freeloader’s hand off his shoulder while speaking in an angry tone “Touch me again and I’ll kill you. I mean it.” 
He gave the Freeloader a glare who didn’t flinch from the stare as he looked away to resume drinking. Tom finished the drink to find Jinks tapping him on the right shoulder. 
Tom looked at Jinks with annoyance within him as the male spoke “You sure that this Freeloader isn’t a family member like a father of yours? Ramses has been ordered to transport them to the High Council whenever their detected around here?”
He spoke feeling his mood foul “I don’t have any family. My father is dead so don’t ask me that question again or I’ll foot your seat, Jinks.” 
He saw Jinks’ eyes narrow which he looked away to hear Jinks speak the word father loudly before becoming silent. Tom felt himself tired sighed and figured that he’ll use a chair due to accidentally going into the Listeners’ nesting room by mistake of sleepiness hitting him. He got up and went to a soft chair and leaned back shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a Freeloader hand on his forehead rubbing. He jerked open his eyes willing the Banshee forwards to feel the Freeloader’s hand off him. He quickly darted up to stand to find a Freeloader standing near him that faded from view.
Tom mentally spoke “Hidden Freeloader revealed now.” 
He heard mentally in his mind instead of his order obeyed “Take back what you said regarding your Father and stop denying that a Keo fathered you.” 
He mentally snarled to the Freeloader scanning his mind “Why should I? He was never around in my life when I needed him the most anyway so he’s dead to me period.” 
He grimaced feeling pain on his scarred cheek along with feeling a familiar dripping sensation of blood to bring a hand to the area to feel three cut scar lines on there. 
He heard from the Freeloader “Then stop denying your Father trying to help you in your life now for you need him whether you like it or not.” 
Tom rubbed a hand on his cheek where the scars were despite staining his hand of blood as he felt the Freeloader continued scanning him.
He mentally spoke “Go jump in a lake Freeloader!”
He felt rage take hold of him only to feel a hand tugging him on the arm feeling Human to him and familiar. He jerked to look off his right to stare with shock Thura standing there clothed in her familiar clothes and a glare look on her face. 
He frowned widened his eyes while staring at her as she finger spelled he finding himself understanding her “Your anger towards your Father ends now so stop it resisting his help or find yourself trapped forever in your situation.” 
He exhaled a breath from Thura’s words who continued finger spelling “Geelley later admitted to me that the Keo had a machine that they were testing which was the cause of my deafness. The Queen back then instead of having me put down like they do to Humans who don’t meet rule requirements even if something in their life caused them to be like that had me live. She later admitted to me that rule along with what really happened to my parents who were attacked and killed by Keos not acting on her orders.”
Tom frowned as Thura continued finger spelling “I got over being angry towards the Keos for being responsible for my situation by realizing that they let me live to have a second chance of life. You shouldn’t be angry towards the Keos in response for the one who took you out of your Mother was reportedly said to take a great deal of convincing to the Queen to keep you alive along with being the one to raise you.”
He exhaled a breath in response from Thura’s words as she continued her finger spelling “So stop resisting your Father’s help and let him help you now.” 
He stiffened as a Freeloader’s hand was felt on his shoulder. Tom refrained from removing while staring at Thura who halted her finger spelling to stare at him back while folding her arms. He kept his eyes onto Thura as the Freeloader’s hand was felt onto his forehead along with the urge to will aside the Banshee felt. He obeyed to the feeling to roll his eyes feeling zapping pains hitting him all over along with feeling a hand Human like touching his chest as he felt himself lying in bed while arching his back. Tom jerked opened his eyes with confusion running through him as the hand on his chest removed itself abruptly but he felt the Freeloader’s hand was still on his forehead gently rubbing the area. He shifted his eyes all over the room finding no Freeloaders in sight but sensed that they were hidden from him. He felt himself still wearing his familiar bodyguard clothes on his form. Tom frowned feeling himself confused to what happened to him as the Freeloader’s hand remained on his forehead. Tom felt himself fine with the Freeloader’s touch sighed softly. He felt the Banshee willed forwards as if compelled.
Tom heard sounding in his mind a male Freeloader voice sounding familiar “Tom, I’m sorry I could not be there to father you even being there when you needed me the most.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing the Freeloader’s words refrained from thinking of any comments instead kept his mind blank in response. 
He again heard from the Freeloader his Father Thurin he assumed “Tom, go to sleep now. You need your rest.” 
He frowned hearing the edge in his Father’s voice tone felt the Freeloader’s hand force his eyes shut. He felt himself willing aside the Banshee and passing out unconscious to come to as if compelled. Tom find himself still clad in his clothes but held up in a sagging standing position by familiar hands while opening his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room. He straightened up his form eyeing the High Council as he felt the Falcons release their holds onto his arms. 
He folded his arms while staring at the High Council as Shad spoke “Admit the exact reason why you serve us with undivided loyalties even without questioning the orders we give despite others in our servitude known to do it due to feelings of wrongness hitting them.” 
Tom spoke as Shad became silent “You have accepted me as one of your own people. Something I never got from the Freeloaders and First Ones back in Uzan. Both of them out casted me since I was a young child which continued even when I was full grown. You have my loyalty High Council for I’ll serve you period regardless of what others say about you anyway.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Shad and Onya he saw bowed their heads followed by eyeing the High Council to spot them shaking their heads in various moves along with moving their hands in various gestures. He figured from the looks wasn’t the familiar sign language he saw from the Humans from being among them. 
He eyed the High Council who kept up their silent chatter lengthy followed by the speakers raising their heads and Shad speaking “Interesting loyalty Mindbender. Anyhow Ramses transport this captured Freeloader to us and make sure that the Falcons can get a grip onto him.” 
He frowned to see a light show in front of him to see a male Freeloader standing while shaking his head as the Falcons grabbed the male’s arms in a tight grip from the looks of it. 
He shifted to eye the High Council to hear from Shad again “This Freeloader has claimed to father you and has refused to back down from the claim. We order you to kill him anyway you wish.” 
Tom eyed the Freeloader who jerked open his eyes and stared at him opening his mouth to find it covered by Anubis’ hand and heard a loud sound noise from the male. 
He mentally spoke “Mind reveal.”
Tom jerked finding that the High Council wasn’t kidding about the Freeloader’s claiming to father him by finding the memories of his Freeloader Father fully in the male’s mind. 
His senses blared warning along with hearing from the male “The High Council is testing you on your loyalties towards them, Tom.”
He again got his senses blaring warning frowned from that feeling to mentally spoke to the Freeloader “Goodbye Father, die.” 
Tom exhaled a breath finding the Freeloader give up life in front of him from senses cued to the male to hear from Anubis in a loud whisper “Freeloader dead as ordered High Council.” 
He eyed the High Council as the Freeloader he noticed was dropped by the Falcons body sliding onto the floor. Tom felt himself fine enough to will aside the Banshee while resuming folding his arms. He eyed the group only to grimace feeling pain on his scarred cheek along with a familiar sensation of blood leaking. Tom jerked jerking his head aside while giving out a loud groan sound as additional pain was felt hitting him on his other cheek along with felt hitting him on the forehead followed by the familiar sensation of blood dripping. 
Tom groaned loudly while taking a step back to hear from Shad “Anyhow Ramses transport Mindbender to the infirmary since the Banshees are displeased with him at the moment by giving him marks on his face.”
He grimaced to find himself in the infirmary and ordered by the doctor there to lie on the bed. He obeyed and told not to move which he again obeyed. He forced himself to not grimace or move his face as the medic put some kind of finger device onto the area where the scratches were and felt the blood stopped leaking. 
Tom laid there lengthy while staring at the ceiling till the medic spoke “All done. Just don’t touch or take in nourishment or get water onto the areas for two suns and it’ll heal up fine enough to not scar.” 
He got up from the bed to again hear from the doctor an order to Ramses to transport him out. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room to eye the group as an image of a male Human wearing some tie and blue suit clothing flashed onto projection.
This was followed by Shad speaking “This is your target. Do whatever you want with him as long as he’s dead period. Ramses will transport you to a discreet location for you to target him.” 
He willed forwards the Banshee to find himself in a bathroom looking fancy looking with lights off as night vision flared in his eyesight. He slowly edged himself towards the open doorway to peer into the room beyond to find it was a bedroom. Tom saw with day vision flashing abruptly the targeted male seated on the bed leaning back with a book in his hands appearing to be reading it by lamp light. 
He stepped into the room as quiet as he could and mentally spoke “Human die.” 
Tom saw his order obeyed by the Human he saw spurt blood from the eyes and ears and sensed the male had given up his life by slumping over. 
He smiled a smile of satisfaction from the feeling of killing the Human to mentally spoke loudly “Ramses, transport me out now I did the job as ordered.” 
He frowned as he heard nothing in response from the Meritanian to find himself still in the bedroom while hearing pounding sounds onto a door he saw in his direction along with the doorknob jerking from its locked status along with the noises continued. He quickly darted into the bathroom to stand farthest from the doorway. Tom wound up finding no door or anything to keep people out of there. As there was a loud crashing sound heard of a door breaking open. He stood eyeing the doorway to see metal slam down along with clouds fogging up the bathroom making him cough loudly along with sleepiness hitting him. Tom willed aside the Banshee and slid himself to the floor lying onto it shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to finding himself stripped of his clothes and wearing only shorts on his form covering his sensitive parts. Tom while feeling metal clamped over him by various spots along with wires felt coming from the areas. He jerked open his eyes to find a spotlight blaring into his eyes making him struggle to see despite the brightness. 
He mentally spoke “Restraints off.”  
Tom grimaced finding charges of pain hitting him in response from the restraints on his form. He mentally cancelled the order and shut his eyes feeling the spotlight was too bright for him to withstand the light. He stiffened as a familiar sense hit him abruptly that felt like someone familiar was staring at him but couldn’t place who it was. 
He frowned from the sense as a male voice sounding electronic was heard loudly speaking “Identify yourself now!”
He spoke hearing the language was Summeran “I’m dubbed Tom around here.” 
He jerked feeling charges of pain hitting him breathed hard through his mouth as the pain stopped followed by the familiar voice speaking “Your Human name now!”
He spoke “Its Tom and no I don’t have any other names besides that.” 
Tom again felt the charges of pain grimaced from it as the voice spoke “What were you doing in Gerry Harold’s bathroom as sensors say you were found in there?”
He spoke “Sorry don’t remember anything regarding this Gerry Harold you say and this bathroom you’re mentioning. All I remember is waking up in this mess you put me in.” 
Tom again got the familiar pain grimaced forcing himself to form it on his face as the voice spoke “Your lying as said by our lie detector so tell the truth now!”
Tom spoke “I don’t answer to you or any stinking Human so quit it with this torture for I’m not going to say what you want.” 
He again grimaced feeling zapping pains hitting him as the voice spoke “Talk on who sent you to kill Gerry Harold.” 
He spoke “What the depths are you talking about?”
He again grimaced as the voice spoke “The Human male was found in bed with mind organ shattered according to autopsy done on him. You were detected in the bathroom by alarms going off along with detected getting into the bedroom. This while the victim was still alive whose life signs stopped. You detected going back into the bathroom which we managed to knock you out and have you in this status so talk now.” 
Tom gave up a sarcastic laughter sound and then cleared his throat before speaking “You can torture me all you want for your not getting anything from me. I would rather face pain then talk.” 
He grimaced again feeling pain hitting him followed by the voice speaking “Confirm or deny that your this assassin dubbed Brain Wave by us Humans.” 
He spoke “Who’s Brain Wave anyway?”
He again felt the familiar feeling of pain as the voice spoke “Brain Wave is an assassin reportedly known for shattering organs of mind and beaters so confirm or deny that’s you.” 
Tom stiffened hearing the words as he realized with a start that only Highlanders spoke the word beaters when referring to that organ and never another name from knowing the High Council. 
He spoke “Oh really? Who’s this that’s torturing me anyway? You must be some Highlander pretending to be a Human hmm?”
Tom again grimaced from the pain the familiar voice spoke “Nevertheless on my species confirm or deny you being the assassin Brain Wave now.” 
He spoke with sarcasm “So sorry I’m not going to answer that so think of something else.”
He cut himself off as he again felt pain followed by the voice speaking “Confirm or deny you being Brain Wave now.” 
Tom spoke “Go jump in the lake Highlander. I’m not going to answer any more of your questions.” 
He again felt the pain and heard the voice repeat its words. Tom clamped his mouth shut and didn’t talk as the voice continued pestering him to speak a confirmation or denying the Brain Wave identity. He kept his mouth shut seemingly lengthy as the voice cut itself off followed by feeling his mind scanned. He thought of various vulgar language comments as heard by Humans before he assassinated them. He kept up the chatter till the mind scanning stopped. Tom stopped thinking of the comments and with a frown felt the light above turn itself off. Tom jerked open his eyes to find a blindfold placed over them. He concentrated on his ears hearing squeaking sounds as the bed he was lying on was suddenly moved in a forwards direction seemingly lengthy along with hearing a familiar squeaking noise loudly. He figured from memory involved the hidden door in a wall. He continued to listen as the bed was moved lengthy then stopped with a jerk along with squeaking sounds stopping. 
He frowned as the Banshee was willed forwards abruptly by hearing a male voice sounding in his mind “Hmm interesting reaction towards you receiving mind talk from mind walkers.” 
He frowned as the male voice continued “Anyway you care to talk on this Brain Wave assassin hmm?”
He mentally thought in response a vulgar language comment as the voice continued “Tsk such language.” 
He heard nothing from the voice as he mentally felt the mind scanning stop. 
Tom willed aside the Banshee feeling like needing to do it till he again heard the familiar male electronic voice “Anyhow cut him on the cheek and see how he’ll react to that.” 
He grimaced to feel pain of a knife cutting his right cheek refrained from talking as the voice continued with instructions to cut him at various spots on his body and stop if he talks on what they wanted to know. 
Tom kept his mouth shut grimacing from knife cuts at various spots on his body and again heard from the voice “Cut him where it hurts the most since he’s not talking.” 
Tom exploded talking as gloved hands were felt gripping his shorts' waist band “What’s your evidence that points the finger at me as this Brain Wave assassin anyway? It’s just a torture comment just to get me to admit what you wanted in the first place which is me telling you what you want to hear is me serving the High Council isn’t it?”
He again heard from the voice appearing to ignore his words “Cut him where it hurts the most since he’s in denial that we already said our evidence to him.” 
He felt the gloved hands pull his shorts lower in a slow move which he spoke “Argh fine I’m this Brain Wave assassin but I’m dubbed by another name. I serve the High Council as this assassin so spare me of cutting me where it hurts the most.” 
He heard from the voice in response “Is he telling the truth lie detector?”
He frowned as the hands on his shorts stopped and remained in place then adjusted them to back to their former positions followed by a familiar voice speaking “Hmph that trick of cutting a male’s sensitive part gets them anytime regardless of the species.” 
Tom stiffened recognizing the voice as Barry’s as the blindfold was removed. Tom felt the restraints off his form to find himself underneath a spotlight lying in a bed. Tom saw in vicinity was Barry with Jinks standing holding an object in his hand that suspiciously looked like a voice changer device to him. He shook his head from the pain of cuts all over him as he stared at Barry feeling himself annoyed and glared at the Builder with accusation within him. 
Tom eyed Barry who spoke “Actually Tom, the High Council wanted to know how you’ll last being tortured by the First One species if you’re captured by them hence this jokey situation pulled onto you. The High Council did order this recorded for play back in your presence for you to view once the time is appropriate for you to do this.” 
He didn’t comment a response as a servant arrived wearing medic clothing and ordered him to lie onto the bed. Tom obeyed and found the doctor was using some device to close up the knife cuts on him and not form scars. He exhaled a breath once the medic was done. 
Tom got told "You'll have to avoid washing yourself for two suns straight. This includes along with avoiding eating and doing physical activity. Your body needs to heal up the cuts to leave no scarring." 
He felt annoyance take hold got up from the bed as ordered by the doctor. Tom walked towards Barry while forming a glare on his face eyeing the Builder with again accusation. He halted once near as Jinks he found to his annoyance stepped into his way blocking him from reaching the male anymore. Tom shifted to eye Jinks who met his eyes without any fear looks. Tom saw that the male had some challenging look in his eyes which he shifted to glare at Barry while towering over Jinks who he sensed continued to stare at him making his senses blare their familiar warning. 
He glared at Barry keeping his arms to his sides figuring that folding them would aggravate the cuts on his form as the Builder spoke “Unnecessary Jinks for you to do that so back off now.” 
He eyed Jinks to see the male back off that kept his eyes onto him and watched as the male backed up to stand next to Barry while continuing the stare aimed at him. 
He shifted to eye Barry who spoke again “Anyway as I was saying-“
He heard Ramses’ voice cutting in “Barry, the High Council wants Mindbender to the meeting room now so help me out here since I can’t do it.” 
Tom glared at Barry who spoke in familiar language in a familiar voice tone and found the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room. Tom glared at the group to see a projection screen form showing himself restrained in bed. Tom heard everything as said showing Jinks as the one who said the electronic voice’s words in Summeran language. He eyed the screen to see High Council servants wearing gloves arrive into view one carrying a knife cutting him while passing the knife to other servants at various positions around him who cut him. Tom eyed the screen with disgust forming within him as the scene showed one of the servants had a hand on his shorts appearing to slowly yank them down. Jinks heard continued his chatter till he heard himself admit what the voice wanted him to admit followed by the projection screen stopping as if the recorder stopped. Tom glared at the High Council feeling himself annoyed and no longer disgusted.
Shad spoke “Your points of view regarding this torturous scene Mindbender hmm?”
He thought of a vulgar language comment in response but held his tongue as Shad repeated his question. 
Tom spoke feeling compelled to do it “You could have done that when I first served you instead of waiting till now. I would have some experience in the torture to keep my mouth shut when captured by the First Ones anytime I do assassin jobs for you.” 
He glared at the High Council as Onya was heard “Problem is, Mindbender. Is that assassins get overconfident into thinking they’ll do assassin jobs perfectly. This without anticipating capture or the target anticipating them to arrive. This includes to kill them to have someone in place to keep them alive.”
He felt his mood get foul by the Speaker’s words as Onya continued “You were observed to be overconfident by too many recorded assassinations done. You not acknowledging that someone was recording you doing the job which happened over and over.”
He stiffened from Onya’s words as she continued talking “Your confidence is your weakness. The torture joke as Barry calls it was played onto you as a lesson that you must not be overconfident when doing assassin jobs.”
He felt his mood flattened further as she kept talking “You know the rule involving assassinations is never leave any evidence or witnesses of the assassination period.  That includes recorders left on the scene. One of this evidence managed to get into First One hands. Thanks to the Meritanians’ manipulating the recorder was destroyed before anyone could view its contents. That along with those who reportedly seen it killed off by their own hand in some manipulating method.”
Tom kept his mouth shut feeling himself angry with Onya’s words as Shad spoke “Anyhow Ramses transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep and make sure he’s down for a sleeping status once he arrives there.” 
He found the scene changed to find himself in the Listener’s nesting room as said by one ordering him out. Tom obeyed to find a Listener in the hallway that smirked in his direction. He ignored going to his room while hearing laughing sounds from the hallway Listener making his mood fouler. He entered his bedroom going to the bed to lie his form down onto the bed as sleepiness hit him and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand Banshee like on the top of his head. Tom kept his eyes shut feeling himself well rested and better mood. 
Tom felt the Banshee willed forwards on its own to hear a male voice sounding in his mind “Alright we admit it that the High Council have servants in hidden statuses like we are and that their hidden all over the group’s home base. Also that’s how the High Council managed to record you doing assassinations by having a servant transported to the location before you, becoming hidden and in place to record while the group is watching at the moment.”
He stiffened from the Banshee’s words as he mentally spoke “You expect me to believe this joke smarty?”
He heard in response “Actually the High Council was overheard expecting you to take out the servant recording the scene while doing an assassination job for them along with that you were expected to take out other recorders in the vicinity. This was something you didn’t do while doing assassinations too many times to count. Hence the High Council not happy with you at the moment. They think that you're too overconfident when it comes to doing jobs for them hence they pulling this torture joke onto you as some lesson whatever it is.” 
Tom opened his eyes to look around the room finding that the Banshee was hidden and felt the hand off the top of his head as he again heard from the male “Rule of assassinations as said by Onya, never leave any evidence of the assassination job done period regarding of what they are.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled through his nose as he mentally spoke “Just wish someone told me that when I first started the assassination job for the High Council. I would have done that along with the job.” 
He narrowed his eyes as the Banshee’s voice was heard mentally “Actually the High Council expects servants to automatically get it jobs and its functions involved whenever their assigned it as ordered. That’s something that the High Council was expecting you to get it when you did some jobs for them whether an assassination was involved or not. Too bad it’ll be awhile before the High Council assigns you to do a real assassination job. They might be testing you for awhile till their sure you can do any kind of assassination job for them as cleanly as they want you to do it.” 
He sighed softly hearing that as the Banshee continued “By the way I heard from the Meritanians’ blaring that the High Council is planning another torture joke onto you again with no set time date of when it is. It’ll be when the group thinks it should happen period.” 
Tom felt his mood flatten as he mentally spoke “Great. Just what I need to look forwards to when doing jobs for the High Council for they don’t seem to trust me anyway.” 
He heard from the Banshee “Trust is earned, Tom. And you’re right that the High Council don’t seem to trust you. They stopped trusting you once it was obvious that you were more interested in killing people than doing more than what the assassination job requires as they expected from you.” 
He exhaled a breath and then mentally spoke “Oh really you expect me to believe what you said regarding the High Council stopping on trusting me doing jobs for them?”
He formed a sneer on his face while glaring at the ceiling as the Banshee’s voice was heard “I’m just a messenger relaying what the High Council was heard blaring and what the Meritanians were heard broadcasting throughout here.” 
Tom heard nothing more from the Banshee but sensed the male was still scanning him as he mentally spoke while sitting up “Banshee hidden revealed now.” 
He heard a whining squeal to find a Banshee appear at the foot of the bed who screamed into his mind as he eyed the male “Tom, don’t you dare do this!”
He mentally spoke in response “Throw back pinned.” 
Tom felt satisfaction hitting him as the Banshee hit the wall while thrown backwards. He continued to hear the Banshee plead within his mind to keep himself alive and not kill him. He ignored as he got up from the bed and felt compelled to throw a fist into the male’s front which he obeyed. He heard the Banshee’s chatter stop as he again felt another compulsion to hit it in the front obeyed to the feeling hearing nothing but silence from the male. Tom gave the Banshee a glare as he mentally felt compelled to scan the male’s mind obeyed to the compulsion scanning to find the male was his Father Thurin himself from the memories identifying him as his senses again blared warning. 
He ignored the senses to mentally spoke “So you had a Freeloader take your place with memories of yourself fully in his mind, Thurin.”
He heard from Thurin he assumed who mentally spoke “Tom, stop it now. I’m your Father. I’m here for you now since you need me as obvious.” 
He mentally spoke in response to the comment “Banshee die.” 
He heard a loud groan from the Banshee and sensed the male’s life was gone mentally ordered the pinned status gone. 
Tom felt satisfaction from the killing to mentally spoke “Ah this feels good.”
Tom stiffened feeling his mind still scanned mentally spoke in a rush “Banshee and Freeloader hidden revealed now.”  
He heard multiple whining squeals sounding twice and mentally added “Throw back pinned.” 
Tom heard grunts in response to look around the room finding two Freeloaders appearing to be pinned to the wall while one was eyeing him with a glare while the other looked nervous to him. He walked up to the glaring Freeloader figuring out that it was his Father Thurin himself and brought a fist into the male’s front. He felt rage take control. Proceeded to bring his hands curled into some fist status onto Thurin’s front repeatedly over and over ignoring the Freeloader mentally telling him off to not to punch him in his mind. Tom halted his fisting to find that his punching wasn’t taking effect onto Thurin. He brought his clawed hand onto the Freeloader’s cheeks and scratched him seeing the male grimace from the cuts. He felt satisfaction from the scratching did it to the other Freeloader who had eyes shut with a fear look on his face and that the male grimaced from the scratching done but still displayed that scared look. 
Tom again heard from Thurin “This is your last chance Tom, release me now. I’m your Father. I insist you obey me as my son and me your parent.” 
He opened his mouth in response and gave off one of the Banshee’s famous screams to see the Freeloaders appear to go unconscious from that. 
He cut the noises to mentally give the kill order towards the Freeloaders and mentally added “Goodbye Father for it’s the last time I’m seeing you as my parent. You forfeited your life with the creation of the Assassin Lord title and group to cause havoc among the High Council. You even forfeited the life of my son named after you, you brainwashed to become Assassin Lord hence me forced to kill him despite his pleading to live. It hurt me to kill my son just to keep him out of your hands and out of your brainwashing him to target me.”
He sighed to cut his talking to realize with a start that his mind was still being scanned shifted towards the bathroom doorway as if drawn to see a light flash he recognized of a Banshee traveling between doorways along with mind sense stopping. 
He mentally spoke “Growl stinking Freeloader hid himself in the bathroom and mind scanned what I said. Oh well at least he’ll tell the others what I said. They’ll get it that my loyalty is forever towards the High Council period no matter what they do or say to me. I don’t give a care of how many Freeloaders it’ll take to kill till they get the message that I’m not changing my alliances to them. I will forever stay with the High Council as a servant of them for life. The High Council gave me what I wanted the most as my goal in life and I will pay them the favor by giving them my undivided loyalty period.”
He glared at the bathroom doorway to again feel his mind still scanned mentally spoke “What the depths do you want, Ramses?”
He heard from Ramses in response “You’re a spoiled brat who needs discipline, Mindbender.” 
He mentally spoke sensing the Meritanian was still scanning him “Go jump in a lake Ramses. I do what I’m ordered by the High Council period.”
Tom heard in response “The High Council didn’t order you to take down those Freeloaders. You did it by yourself without them ordering you. Besides you really are a spoiled brat believing in what you believe in regarding the Freeloader species to kill them on sight instead of letting us Meritanians know of them here just to transport to the High Council for mind scanning and then deposing later once the group is done. That’s something the High Council has repeatedly reminded you of which you have refused to obey that order instead kept on killing every single Freeloader in your eyesight.”
He mentally roared “Ramses, shut up!”
He heard from Ramses blaring “I’m not kidding High Council on what I said regarding Mindbender and his attitude towards Freeloaders. He pulled that same old stunt again killed them on sight instead of alerting us to their presence as ordered by you. I wound up alerted of the stunt by my senses telling me to check on him which I did and found out he disobeyed your orders again.” 
He glared at the wall to find the two dead Freeloaders were still there. Tom mentally removed the pinned status to see them slide to the floor.
Ramses kept broadcasting within his mind “Ugh how long has it been since Mindbender had that medical procedure done to avoid this scarring from happening anyway?”
Tom eyed the wall concentrating on Ramses who paused then continued “Alright I’ll do it as ordered since appropriate time has passed for Mindbender to avoid being scarred. Except are you sure that this won’t medically affect Mindbender due to some knock out stunt in the private room of his?”
 He frowned to what the High Council was up to as Ramses paused followed by adding “Fine you either don’t know or know the answer and don’t seem to care about it.”
He stiffened as the Banshee was compelled to will away. He obeyed and found himself floating in the night air with night vision flaring and looked around seeing the vast ocean down below and he was falling towards it in a fast speed move. Tom stiffened hearing the Meritanians laughing within his mind as he fell into the ocean with such force it left him breathless. He eyed the surface and forced himself to kick his feet propelling his body towards it while moving his hands and arms in some propelling way. He felt himself running out of air as the surface seemed lengthy along with pressure felt onto his body of something heavy pressing onto him that became heavier. Tom attempted to near the surface. Tom felt his air run out gasped for air taking in gulps of water and choked gagging while halting his movements as he attempted to breathe. He shut his eyes and felt the water stopped all around him and felt himself hit metal from the bang sound and felt on his form lying onto it. Tom felt a foot kick him in the stomach repeatedly. Tom gagged out water after each kick and then gulped for air breathing deeply through his mouth while curling into a ball and breathing deeply. He groaned as the Falcons’ hands were felt yanking him up to stand and he glared at the High Council once they came into his eyesight view. 
He glared as Shad spoke “Play the recording of Mindbender’s surface attempt.” 
He stiffened as there was a projection scene of a recorder floating on the surface of the ocean. Tom saw it shift to underwater showing him diving deeper into the ocean instead of going towards the actual surface. He stiffened further as the scene showed him halting his diving to appear to breathe and gagging in water followed by disappearing in a flash of bright light.  
He glared at the High Council as the projection was stopped followed by Shad speaking “What does Mindbender have to say about this hmm?”
Tom mentally thought a profanity comment in response kept his mouth shut only to feel compelled to talk. He spoke the vulgarity comment out loud due to finding his mood become very foul at the moment. 
He snarled a growling sound as Onya was heard speaking “Tsk such language and quite inappropriate for servants to say in our presence.”
He felt a hand whack him on the back of his head and heard Anubis’s loud whisper “Cut the noises and inappropriate language now.” 
Tom obeyed to find his mood was still bad as usual as Shad spoke “What shall we do to Mindbender due to his use of inappropriate language hmm?”
Tom glared at the High Council to hear from Ramses “How about dumping Mindbender into King Winter’s Kingdom where the recorders are just to see how he survives the cold while waiting for a ship to come pick him up?”
He stiffened as he heard from Shad “Excellent idea Ramses. Make it so now.” 
Tom jerked as cold was felt all around him. He looked around with night vision to discover himself standing on some small iceberg floating in the water with multiple icebergs in view floating all around him of various sizes and lengths. He eyed them with distaste within him and frowned as a light blared overhead shining over him. 
He heard “Grab the rope now!”
Tom looked around and found a ropey object came into view from the thing above. 
Tom grabbed and heard from the voice “Pull yourself up now! You’re too heavy for us to do it!”
He obeyed finding the pulling took effort but found his strength strong enough. He reached metal and found an opening where the rope came from. Tom pulled himself through it and laid his back onto the floor breathing deeply as he spotted High Council masked servants that came into view to stand staring at him with some frown look on their lips. 
He eyed them with a frown to hear one verbally speaking “Ugh the Shadonia must be mating with First Ones judging by the looks of him.”
He swung himself up with a fast move while willing the Banshee forwards and grabbed the speaking Highlander by the neck and lifted him up dangling his feet while roaring mentally “Don’t ever assume that people are what the species is by their appearance!”
He glared at the Highlander who he sensed had received his talk by gulping attempts made. Tom dropped the male down onto the floor who landed on his seat. He shifted his eyes to glare at the Highlanders gathered around seeing some flinch from his narrowed eyed look. 
Tom glared as he heard from the familiar speaker “Anyway as I was saying before the rude interruption the High Council through the Meritanians ordered us to put this spoiled brat as they call him to work around here.” 
He shifted to glare at the Highlander speaker finding him standing instead of on his seat who continued talking “Mindbender, ditch that look now or you’ll find your stay on this warship even lengthier.”
He obeyed as the Highlander continued “The High Council has ordered you to stay on this warship for a certain period of time put to work around here. They did, warn you, order that your stay be extended by adding three suns for each misbehavior stunt you do to any of us while aboard this warship so behave and your stay will be a short one.” 
Tom bared his teeth in response in some sneering glare while eyeing the Highlander. 
Tom thinking "My stay will be a short one regardless of what the crew said to the High Council to extend my stay." 
He saw the Highlander pause from talking to appear to gulp before adding sounding nervous “Somebody show Mindbender where he’s staying for sleeping.” 
He mentally spoke to himself “Ooh you can’t stop me Highlander from making sure that my stay is short period. I’ll do what it takes to make sure it happens period and that I’m back to the High Council once this is done.” 
He glared at the Highlander who added “Well come with me since no one is volunteering to show you where your sleeping anyway.” 
Tom obeyed to follow the Highlander still keeping the sneer on his face while sneering it at Highlanders on the way through various corridors of metal floors and rugged floors he keeping in his memory of the locations of where he was going. 
He found the Highlander led him to the bridge and saw the male pointed to a spot on the floor in front of the captain’s seat and spoke “That’s the spot on the floor is where you’re to sleep.”
Tom gave the Highlander a glare instead of sneering that appeared to gulp again and then the male spoke “Just get some rest Mindbender. You need it anyway.”
He went to the floor as if feeling tiredness hitting him and laid his form sideways onto the floor and curled into a ball shutting his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. Tom found himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling a pair of bare feet resting on top of his side. Tom raised his head to glare at the feet’s owner he saw was a former High Council member judging by the clothes and scar mark on the forehead. 
He glared at the male he saw had pointed ears of a Highlander but tan skin and golden eyes who spoke “Ah the footrest has woken up from slumber as passed out for two suns straight despite our attempts to wake him up with manipulating the warship in various maneuvers to make people awake.” 
He reached with a hand and removed the Captain he assumed was the male’s feet off of him and sat up crossed legged glaring at him who added “Interesting attitude. The High Council warned us that you were considered a spoiled brat their words when it comes to doing jobs for them. Hmph they insisted to us to teach you a lesson on serving the group.”
He kept the glare at the Captain who continued loudly “Ensign, show Mindbender on where the facilities are and put him to work now.” 
Tom felt a tap on his shoulder looked away to see a Highlander masked in High Council servant wear standing there that spoke “Excuse me but I’m just following orders so come along with me now.” 
He obeyed getting up following the Highlander while keeping to his memory of the location of everything to his memory to find the male led him to the facilities and got ordered to use them. Tom obeyed and made sure to wash his hands cleanly as he could once done and went to meet the servant. He again followed the servant through the warship finding himself easily memorizing where he was going by memory and found the male was leading him in a circle repeatedly making him annoyed. 
Tom felt fed up with that circle behavior grabbed the Highlander by the back of his clothes lifting him up to his eyes left and spoke hearing gasp sounds from the male “What am I suppose to be doing besides following you seemingly lengthy anyway?”
He glared at the Highlander who blurt “Three additional suns as ordered by the High Council so put me down or you’ll get more suns.” 
He wordlessly dropped the Highlander who landed on his seat and heard from the male repeating his suns comment but omitting the put down order. Tom felt anger take hold threw a fist into the Highlander’s forehead seeing it hit home knocking out the male. He lifted up the male to dangle his feet and eyed him unconscious before putting him down onto the floor and squatted to examine the male’s ears. He found a device in one of the ears blocking the ear hole. He sighed softly figuring out how the High Council was communicating with the warship. 
Tom thrust the Highlander onto the floor and willed forwards the Banshee sensing a presence behind him and mentally spoke “Floor pinned.”
He turned around hearing a groan sound to find on the floor was a Highlander holding a syringe gun in his hand. 
He glared at to go to kicking out of the male’s hand the gun kicking it down the hallway and heard mentally in his mind “Nine total additional suns as ordered by the High Council so far. Don’t make the group watching you add more suns to your stay here.” 
Tom stood and looked around to spot in the ceiling and in the walls were various globing domes having red dotted lights on them all around him.
He mentally spoke ignoring the Highlander “So that’s how you can see me.” 
He eyed a globe dome and waved a hand towards it recalling him knocking out recorders while searching for Thura to see sparks come from it. He took a route to the bridge while mentally getting recorders knocked out. Tom found a big metal door blocking the entrance with a humming sound coming from it. He eyed the recorder dome above it to wave a hand and saw sparks flash from it. 
Tom shrugged seeing that the door remained shut and mentally spoke “That’s not going to keep me out anyway.” 
He mentally charged his body of electricity and touched the door only to feel burning sensations in his hands along with sleepiness hitting him frowned from that. He found that the door refused to budge from his manipulating as sleepiness hit him some more. He yawned and willed aside the Banshee and felt himself still sleepy laid his form on the floor on his side curling into a ball and shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to feeling feet again on top of his side. 
He raised his head to glare at the Captain that spoke “Ah the footrest is awake after being asleep for a whole sun straight. It's from knocked out by the lack of oxygen supply in the warship along with that the electricity in the blast door was at a higher amount than your body can tolerate. Hence your sleepiness status and fixed up injuries to your hands. Oh I’m adding a total of eight additional suns to your stay here as ordered by the High Council. Ah it was good that you slept, it left us to fix the damage you did to the recorders as the group ordered us to fix immediately. Their watching in case you want to know. Yes we’re all wearing radio devices connected to the group giving out their orders as seen by your examining a servant.” 
Tom without a comment removed the Captain’s feet off of him and sat crossed legged glaring at the male who added “Ensign, show Mindbender the facilities and put him to work now.” 
He again got the familiar servant tapping him on the shoulder. He got up and remembered where the facilities was and allowed the Highlander to lead him to there. Tom used and again got the familiar led in a circle lengthy walk that annoyed him to fold his arms while following. He found this seemingly lengthy and felt his mood getting fouler from the lengthy walk till the Highlander broke the circle and led him to the bridge.
Inside he heard from the Captain “Ah the footrest has come back so get yourself over here and lie down. I’m itching to rest my feet from the touch of the cold floor.”
Tom gave up a glare in response but obeyed to lay his form sideways onto the floor curling into a ball and didn’t protest as the Captain laid his feet on top of his side. He folded his arms while glaring at the scenery from his point of view seeing a blank wall instead. He continued to glare seemingly lengthy listening to the Captain speaking various commands to servants in the warship. Tom found that his orders involved keeping track of a First One sea vessel in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom along with what was the ship doing in the sea and whether it made various checkpoints as indicated to reach them and time of arrival it hit the area. He frown hearing that from the Captain who seemed tireless on keeping his feet on his side as he lay on the floor finding its metal didn’t make him cold from the touch instead kept his warmth within his body. 
Tom felt himself getting bored and itching to move removed the Captain’s feet and adjusted his body to sit crossed legged while hearing the male speaking to him “Ah footrest is getting restless isn’t that so hmm?”
He picked up the Captain’s feet in response, instead of talking and putting them on his lap. Tom sat with an elbow on his thigh hand on his cheek holding his head up as he again listened to the familiar chatter all around him feeling himself further bored.
Tom felt himself terribly bored removed the Captain’s feet and got up to stand with arms folded eyeing him. 
The male spoke “Ensign, lead Mindbender to the facilities due to that he’s indicating on needing to use them now.” 
He frowned hearing that sensing that the Captain wasn’t kidding from the familiar feelings hitting him found the familiar Highlander leading him to the facilities. He used and walked out to eye the male who again led him in a familiar circle seemingly lengthy. Tom felt himself bored with the circle walking recalled the room where he first entered the warship wandered away going to there ignoring the Highlanders on the way till once in the room he eyed the floor seeing it didn’t have an entrance. He felt himself fine being in the room alone and went in the middle to do his combative art exercises finding himself much better from doing them. Tom did the exercises shortly till while in a kick move felt the ship lurch knocking him off balanced to land on his seat. He swung himself up with annoyance hitting him to again resume the moves only to get the familiar lurching feeling as he attempted to do kicking moves knocking him off balanced. He swung himself up and with a glare to find a Highlander standing in the doorway having a hand on the wall he noticed was on buttons. 
He marched towards the Highlander who removed his hand and spoke “Excuse me but you’re wanted on the bridge as ordered by the Captain himself. He wants his footrest back.”
Tom without a comment gave the Highlander a glare as he reached the male who added “Simply find your way to the bridge, Mindbender. The High Council insisted on this.” 
He didn’t comment left the Highlander taking a route to the bridge to find the blast door down with familiar humming noises coming from it. He exhaled a breath and felt himself further annoyed to sit down on the floor. Tom thrust a hand onto his check while having elbow on the thigh and glared at the door. Tom finding this lengthy as he again felt sleepiness hitting him. He shook his head from the sleepiness slid to the floor lying onto his back and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding a pair of feet onto his front which he jerked open his eyes raising his head up. 
He eyed the Captain who spoke “Hmm footrest is awake as slept for all the rest of the sun and moon time periods. It’s a new sun now.”
He didn’t comment a response to glare at the Captain who added “Ah the room you were in practicing those moves has some kind of special floor that opens which is how you were seen off balanced a few times after doing some leg moves. The floor can be manipulated by button console in answer to your question Mindbender.” 
He lowered his head in response finding himself not keen on giving out a scornful remark. He stared at the ceiling lengthy eyeing the camera domes finding himself getting bored with the chatter of tracking a sea vessel in the ocean. He felt himself getting bored removed the Captain’s feet and sat up crossing his legs and again got the male putting feet onto his lap which he didn’t protest to that. He placed a hand on his cheek and elbow on his thigh and eyed the Captain finding himself getting more bored till he felt himself needing to get up and walk obeyed to compulsion after gently removing the male’s feet. 
He paced back and forth in front of the Captain who ignored him for a bit before his walk was halted by a Highlander who spoke “Come with me now since you’re keen on walking.” 
He obeyed to follow the Highlander seemingly lengthy in a circle around in the warship through various corridors finding this bored him. He went to the entrance room he figured he’ll call it and began doing his combative art exercises to again get the familiar lurch as he attempted to do a kick move knocking him off balanced. 
He swung himself up and found a Highlander standing in the doorway which he glared at who spoke “Captain insisted that you get some nourishment so come with me while I show you on where you’re to eat.” 
He obeyed to again get the familiar circle seemingly lengthy making him frustrated with the following till he was led to the bridge and got ordered to sit by the Captain that waved a bottle in his hand in his direction which he obeyed sitting down crossed legged. 
Tom eyed the Captain that tossed him the bottle and spoke “Here help yourself.” 
He exhaled a breath opening the bottle only to get liquid from it spilling out onto him in some splashing move making him feel sticky. 
He tossed the rest of the bottle’s contents onto the Captain in response to the male’s laughing sounds and threw the bottle behind him. 
He glared at the Captain who spoke “Three additional suns for that inappropriate use of dumping liquid from liquid holder along with three more additional suns for inappropriate use of deposing the liquid holder.” 
Tom felt his mood flatten becoming foul as the Captain added “I’ll be in my quarters to clean this mess up so give Mindbender something to wash himself too.” 
He watched as the Captain got up and left the room only to feel a tap on the shoulder from a Highlander who spoke “Follow me.” 
He obeyed feeling the stickiness sticking to him making him feel disgusted as he followed the Highlander seemingly lengthy in a circle too many times making his mood even fouler. Till the servant reached the entrance room to find there was an opening in the floor with darkness coming from it. 
He frowned as the Highlander led him to the entrance and spoke to him “Just jump feet first now.”
He glared at the Highlander who noticed his glare spoke “Orders by the High Council is you’re to use the ocean to clean yourself of the mess so jump.” 
He went to the floor’s entrance to peer finding the ocean water was an arm length away. He climbed into the water feeling himself chilled to the bone and dunked himself under then went to the surface as guided by the warship’s lights shining over it. He found to his annoyance that the warship had moved and wasn’t arm length away only to spot the familiar rope dangling from it nearby him. Tom forced himself to swim towards the rope from memory of himself swimming in the ocean towards the bottom instead of the surface. He broke through the surface and found the rope not where it was. He looked around and found the rope in another spot. Tom forced himself to swim on the surface keeping his head above the water eyeing the rope to find himself seemingly not getting any nearer till an iceberg came into view that blocked his way of reaching it. He thought of diving underneath the floating iceberg but figured to himself that he’ll climb over it instead. He proceeded to do finding it slippery to do and stood on the iceberg feeling the cold take effect onto him which he shivered from it. He found the ship moved the rope towards him till it was arm length away. He grabbed and again got ordered to pull himself up due to claims of being too heavy. He obeyed climbing himself up despite the cold making it hard to do but forced himself to do it. Tom climbed and reached the top entering the ship to lie onto his back shutting his eyes and felt himself needing to sleep which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling himself warm again. He sighed only to feel feet resume their positions on top of his front which he jerked open his eyes and raised his head to glare at the Captain. 
He frowned thinking to himself “How the depths did these servants get me to the Captain for feet resting if they keep claiming that I’m too heavy for them to pull up?” 
Tom stiffened feeling his mind scanned eyed the Captain to realize that the male was a mind walker who chuckled some sound before speaking “Actually you’re correct on that mind walking issue. Except I can refrain myself from scanning when touching you an ability Highlanders don’t seem to have. Oh besides in answer to your question it was the Meritanians who transported you to here. They have managed on High Council orders to transport you to here regardless of your position while you’re asleep and wherever you are on the warship.”
Tom rolled his eyes feeling himself annoyed and lowered his head staring at the ceiling lengthy despite the mind scanning felt continuing and felt himself itching for a drink which he refrained from speaking it out loud. 
He felt the feet remove themselves followed by the Captain’s voice speaking “Footrest wants nourishment so give him the liquid holder now.” 
He sat up and got tossed a bottle and gave the Captain a glare while holding the liquid holder as the male spoke “I suggest you wait a bit before the liquid holder’s contents had time to settle and not be tempted to splash all over you on opening.”
He crossed his legs and held the bottle right side up seemingly lengthy to him till he felt like needing to drink opened it and took a sip grimacing from the awful taste of it. He continued to grimace forming it on his face as he sipped the entire contents leaving nothing left. 
Tom held up the bottle towards the Captain who spoke “Toss that to him.” 
Tom saw who the Captain was gesturing to by finger pointing at. He obeyed tossing the bottle towards the Highlander who caught it and walked off. He sighed softly feeling himself much better to receive the nourishment and felt sleepiness curled into a ball and again felt the Captain’s feet onto his side. He shut his eyes to pass out coming to feeling a burning sensation in his chest and throat. He lurched up into a sitting position removing the Captain’s feet feeling the burning seemed much better and rubbed his throat while grimacing from the feeling. 
Tom grimaced as the Captain spoke “Perhaps you should have worked out instead of sleeping so soon after taking in the nourishment. Your feeling what’s dubbed Hades’ syndrome dubbed by that Drainer the desire to feed within him when it involves his nourishment going back up from the stomach to the throat so soon after lying down.” 
Tom didn’t comment a response got up to stand while rubbing his throat seemingly lengthy. 
He eyed Captain who spoke “Sorry but don’t have anything for helping you with Hades’ Syndrome at the moment. You’ll have to put up with it for awhile till the nourishment settles into your stomach and is digested for good which will take a few sun positions.” 
He felt himself not willing to lie down but sleepy went to a wall and leaned his back against it and folded his arms shutting his eyes only to come to feeling the sensation gone and he was again used as footrest while lying onto the floor. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as the Captain spoke “You were out for the rest of the sun period and whole moon period and now its late sun morning now.” 
He frowned feeling his mind scanned mentally spoke “Oh ok.” 
He felt the scanning stop followed by the Captain speaking “Ensign, show Mindbender the facilities. He needs to use them after being out that long.”
He got up as the male removed his feet and found a Highlander staring at him. Tom followed shortly to the facilities finding himself itching to use them. He once done walked out and walked away instead of following the Highlander to the entrance room to find the floor didn’t have the entrance. Tom went into his combative art exercises finding it lengthy till he got the familiar lurch knocking him off his feet. 
He swung himself up and glared at a Highlander standing in the doorway that spoke “Captain says you’ve exercised long enough. He wants his footrest back due to complaining of cold feet.” 
He frowned fully on his lips and without a comment went to the bridge finding the entrance open. Tom walked inside to the Captain which he laid his form down on the floor and again got the male’s feet onto his front. He stared at the ceiling lengthy letting his mind wander while sensing himself scanned from time to time on and off.  He felt himself bored with staying on the warship for finding not much to do in response to his use as a footrest. Tom eyed the ceiling felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to feeling a familiar foot kicking him on the side which he jerked open his eyes and swung himself up. 
Tom found himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the High Council as Shad spoke “Give us a lengthy report of what you observed while aboard that warship, Mindbender.” 
He obeyed talking about various things he learned aboard the warship. He talked that along with recognizing it was playing some joke on moving the rope for him to swim lengthy in the ocean water towards it from the iceberg coming into view him climbing on top of it which the ship brought the rope to him. 
Tom found in response from Shad “Now Ramses transport Mindbender back to the warship. His time aboard isn’t finished.”
He felt his mood flatten hearing that as Ramses’ voice was heard “Which warship you’re talking about? There’s triplet warships in King Winter’s Kingdom with the same species as Captain commanding it. Plus the crews aren’t pleased to have me scan their minds just to figure out which warship Mindbender came from. Also the Captains when scanned, is balking on identifying themselves as the commander of the warship Mindbender was on.”
He frowned hearing that as Shad spoke “Nevertheless just transport Mindbender to a warship now and tell the Captain that he’s to remain contained onto there till we order him out period.” 
He formed a glare at the High Council finding himself still in their throne room to hear from both Speakers sounding annoyed “Ramses!”
He heard in response “Sorry High Council but can’t transport Mindbender to the warship or any warship in question due to commanded not to.” 
Tom heard from both Speakers “Barry!”
He heard from Ramses “Hey Barry the High Council wants you.” 
Tom frowned as a light show was seen showing Barry that gave him a familiar glaring stare while flaring golden eyes which he stiffened as Shad spoke “Spill it Barry on that command issue towards Ramses.” 
He eyed Barry that spoke “As soon as Mindbender admits what he omitted to say to you.” 
He stiffened from Barry’s words as the Builder resumed glaring at him with golden eyes. Tom spoke “I don’t know what you want me to say. I said what I could say.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke in foreign language using a compelling voice tone found himself relaying what the Captain told him regarding mind walking along with an ability to refrain from scanning people’s mind when touching them skin to skin something Highlanders didn’t seem to have.
Tom clamped his mouth shut once done as Barry disappeared in a flash of light followed by Ramses speaking heard “Hey Barry don’t you dare complain about me transporting you out of the room. Just hang around with that offspring of yours Horus who’s currently talking to Lance Richard at the moment.” 
He frowned hearing Lance Richard’s name as the Speakers were heard in unison “Ramses!”
Tom frowned as Ramses was heard “Sorry High Council. Anyway Barry get rid of that command you did onto me and let me transport Mindbender to a warship now.”
He heard nothing from the Speakers as the scene changed to find himself in a familiar room facing a Highlander who spoke in a rude tone “Follow me now.” 
He obeyed finding instead of the lengthy circle walk was led to the bridge finding the corridors and warship’s design the same and once inside. Tom got rudely ordered to lie on the floor and allow the Captain to warm his bare feet onto him along with not getting up unless ordered. He felt the Highlander’s rudeness annoyed him thrust out a fist connecting with the male’s forehead seeing it hit home knocking out the Highlander who hit the floor. 
He heard from the Captain in an angry voice “Three additional suns for that rude behavior.” 
Tom marched up to the Captain and thrust his face into the male’s face while snarling loudly “That servant’s voice tone was inappropriate for him to use onto me for it was rude and he shouldn’t be using it period.” 
He straightened up his form as the Captain spoke still sounding angry “Three additional suns for that rudeness behavior from you. You could have said something to the servant for his rudeness instead of fisting him. Your face sticking was inappropriate as well hence additional suns added so get yourself onto the floor now or additional suns will be added."
Tom obeyed to find the Captain thump his feet onto his front. Tom felt his twitching resulted in the male kicking him with the heel of his foot onto his front repeatedly from each movement. 
He felt fed up with the kicking spoke loudly “Excuse me must you kick me each time I move?”
Tom felt a kick from the Captain who spoke “I don’t want to hear another sound from you so keep your mouth shut now.”
Tom felt his mood become foul from the Captain’s words. He clamped his mouth shut and laid there seemingly lengthy while repeatedly kicked for any movement. Till he felt fed up willed the Banshee forwards to mentally order the Captain to sleep and got up to feel a stinging pain in his back from a gun going off. He felt sleepiness hitting him willed aside the Banshee as if compelled and slid to the floor going unconscious only to come to feeling like itching to use the facilities which he woke up. He found himself again used as footrest by the Captain that kept up kicking him whenever he moved aggravating his urges to hold himself in instead of expelling it. 
Tom felt fed up spoke “I have to use the facilities.”
He got from the Captain in a rude tone “Be quiet you stinking footrest and let me do my job around here so shut up.”
He sighed and without warning from a kick found himself expelling. Tom felt the stuff pooling around his shorts despite not clad in clothes to his annoyance. 
The Captain spoke out loud “Ramses transport Mindbender to the ocean to clean up the mess he made with himself.”
He found himself floating in the air to find himself falling into the ocean with daylight shown. He once into the water gauged that the darkness was the bottom while the light source was the surface. Tom swam himself up finding himself having no trouble propelling himself up. He gulped air breaking the surface and gasped for breath breathing hard. Tom felt himself cold which he eyed the sky finding the warship wasn’t in view. Tom felt annoyance take hold as he treaded the water forcing himself to float in it head above the surface while looking all around him seeing icebergs in view. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold mentally yelled “Ramses I’m in the ocean so transport me out!” 
He felt the order obeyed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room from metal floor felt seemingly familiar and swung himself up to find his hunch correct seeing the High Council.
Tom stared at the group as Shad spoke “Tell us honestly what you did on the warship.”
He spoke “I was used as a footrest for the Captain to warm his feet. The crew was rude to me along with that the Captain was displaying similar behavior and wouldn’t let me do anything else other than being a footrest while he captained the warship.”
He frowned as Onya spoke “Then why were you dumped into the ocean on orders of this Captain hmm?”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak the reason as a result. Tom was tossed into the ocean for a cleaning only to find the warship not in sight when he hit the surface guided by the sunlight. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Mindbender to a warship now.” 
Tom heard from Ramses “Sorry commanded not to do it.” 
He stiffened as a light show was seen showing Barry with that familiar facial expression and golden eyes glaring at him which he spoke “Ugh the Captain had a no movement policy which is that he would kick me if I made any movements while he rested his feet on top of me.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry disappeared in a light show. Tom heard from Ramses his familiar words along with mentioning Horus talking to Lance Richard again and that both seemed to be in talks for awhile judging by how sleepy Horus seemed to be in the morning from being in some no sleep status. 
Tom heard from the Speakers “Ramses!”
He heard the Meritanian speaking “Fine Mindbender to one warship as ordered.” 
He found the scene changed to find himself aboard a warship. Tom found himself alone in the ceiling floor entrance room. He frowned to think of exploring the warship went to a doorway leading to the bridge only to see a metal door slam closed blocking him while hearing a familiar humming sound. He frowned and found doorways blocked by metal doors and lurched onto his seat to find the floor opening showing an entrance to outside in the daylight. Tom got up and eyed the entrance only to lurch off his feet as the entrance became bigger and bigger along with finding the floor disappearing. He found himself falling out of the warship into the ocean blinking from the sunlight glaring into his face as he fell into the water. Tom felt himself not cold found the water was quite on the warm side looked around while underwater. Tom spot something shiny and large sized tubal in the water that didn’t seemed deep to him. That despite sitting on the bottom of the ocean floor that was very clearly seen with multiple gonoids swimming around the tube object. Tom frowned and felt like he needed some air went to the surface to breathe deeply finding the warship was gone and not in sight to his annoyance. He looked around finding an island in the vicinity with a rocky like plant border in his way peeking out of the ocean. He ducked himself underwater to peer at the rocky border to see it looked like to intend to the bottom of the ocean and then raised his head above the water to breathe. He sighed only to feel himself tossed backwards and landed onto metal with a grunt. 
He swung himself up to find himself in the High Council’s throne room again Shad spoke “What did you see while underwater hmm?”
He relayed everything he saw including not sparing the shiny tubal object with gonoids swimming around it that didn’t seemed to be interested in him floating above in the surface. 
He frowned as Onya spoke “Interesting that those gonoids ignored you. Their dubbed piranha some flesh eating fish that eats anything they smell flesh like in the vicinity of them. Them guarding the tubal object you call it has been dubbed tomb of the unknown soldier by First Ones. First Ones claiming that it resembles some kind of military underwater sea vessel to them. It’s interesting that the piranha didn’t come to you to eat off of you. Their were known to attack manoids regardless of their species wearing coverage of protection or not. The protection doesn’t matter on the manoids for the piranha has managed to get manoids to quit diving into the area by disabling their oxygen supply due to seemingly being intelligent to attack it. Also that water area as claimed by the First Ones isn’t deep enough for any underwater vessels who have put off various attempts of exploring the area despite probes saying that the area is deep enough for such a small vessel. We suspect that the First Ones know what the tubal object is by their attempts to keep non First Ones from exploring the area along with sabotaging non First Ones attempts to dive into the area for exploring.”
Tom frowned hearing that as Onya became silent followed by Shad speaking “Anyhow play the recording we acquired into our hands that proves what we say regarding the First Ones knowing what the tubal object is.” 
He found a projection scene to show a female Human with long brown hair pulled back while wearing some bathing suit jump off a boat into the water. The recorder view changed to show it was underwater and floating off the surface which it focused to show the female human appearing to be mouth breathing while on the surface. He frowned as she quit her mouth breathing and then went underwater. The recorder filmed her gliding underwater towards the tubal object ignored by the piranha swimming around that appeared to ignore her. He watched as the recorder showed her swimming all over the tubal object seemingly on the large sized and she looking tiny compared to it. He continued to watch as she finished her explorations and came gliding up the surface followed by appearing to be gulping air. The recording cut itself abruptly as the projection stopped. 
He frowned eyeing the High Council as Shad spoke “This is our evidence we have shown captured First Ones associated with that tomb as they call it. Along with that the Meritanians have repeatedly blocked our attempts to scan their minds when they refused to talk to us.” 
He heard from Ramses “I wouldn’t recommend you to dump Mindbender onto that area. Check your history High Council. You’ll find that the piranha have ignored manoids in the water at the surface above the tomb too many times to count as always whenever manoids are dumped to there by us. Also I warn you that the piranhas have only attacked when the manoids dumped there get too closed to the tomb so think of something else to find out what it is actually.” 
Tom frowned hearing that as Ramses became silent. 
He eyed the High Council with a frown to hear from Shad “Well Ramses you got a better idea on solving this mystery since you seemed to know what it is from scanning manoids minds. And keeping us out of them whenever we attempt to scan them including sabotaging servants’ efforts to do it too?” 
Tom didn’t comment a response as he heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council but you’ll have to put up with finding what it is from other sources. I’m not a know it all for you to find anything in question.” 
He folded his arms feeling like needing to do it and eyed the High Council as Onya spoke “Fine anyway transport Mindbender to a warship in King Winter’s Kingdom due to that his servitude isn’t finished.” 
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council I’ve been commanded not to do it.” 
He frowned as a light show was seen showing Barry giving him a familiar glaring stare with golden eyes. He stiffened as Barry spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone felt himself shutting his eyes as an image focused into his mind showing the familiar tubal object he saw underwater in clear view enough to see its details. Tom spoke out loud the details of the tubal object very descriptively as seen in his mind. That resembled to him an underwater vessel sitting on the ocean floor with a large window. He seen of a male manoid wearing multiple colored clothing with a crown on top of the head lying inside appearing to be asleep by the eyes closed. He continued to talk describing the face twin as Jinks he referred as Horus with the familiar hair color and length. Tom found the scene gone from him opened his eyes to stare at the High Council to find Barry still there that had eyes shut with some concentration look on his face. 
He heard from Ramses “Lance Richard says that he doesn’t know who that manoid is despite his appearance twin to him.”
He frowned as he heard from Anubis “High Council that twin has got to be Set twin brother of Osiris who’s form probably got changed after he passed away.” 
Tom shifted to look at Anubis to hear from Barry “Actually Anubis you’re incorrect on that. Set at the moment is still contained in a life tube still in his original form as seen by me. Plus that manoid has been seen by me lying in that vessel the moment I arrived to Shadan. The scenery stayed with me and has shown others visiting the area including attacks by piranha.” 
He shifted to look at Barry who had eyes shut with a concentration look on his face as Ramses was heard “Actually High Council that tomb in question from scanning the minds of First Ones successfully exploring it without attacked have identified this manoid as Lance Richard or twin of him. The First Ones who have managed to explore the tomb are actually descendants of Lance Richard himself which the gonoids guarding have allowed them to gain access to the tomb as in going inside the sea vessel in question to explore it entirely along with manipulating the Lance Richard asleep inside. ‘The Lance Richard asleep inside has from mind scans controlled the piranha to attack manoids including being responsible for the gonoid’s intelligent behavior towards manoids wearing protection. He’s aware of the situation all around him and doesn’t seem inclined to want to wake up from his status. His reasons he claims when we scan his mind before he kicks us out is that Shadan already has a Lance Richard and doesn’t need another one to cause trouble. That’s the excuse he has given us whenever we scan him just prior to us kicked out by him demanding it.” 
He frowned as Ramses became silent followed by Shad speaking “Nice of you to tell us Ramses now transport this Lance Richard to us now.” 
He heard Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone found the scene changed to find himself in some room with sunlight above. He looked up to frown and saw a familiar window showing gonoids with fanged teeth swimming around. Tom looked down and spotted the familiar male lying on some slab with eyes shut looking real to him. Tom walked forwards towards the male Lance Richard he assumed to reach out a hand towards the man’s arm only to get it grabbed in a tight hold by the man’s other hand and eyes opening showing all black eyes glaring at him making him nervous unexpectedly. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding annoyed in an accent that reminded him of Barry “Can’t you leave me asleep to gain my rest so bugger off and leave me alone?”
He eyed Lance who removed his hand’s grip on his hand and shut his eyes forming some familiar look of concentration to him. 
He frowned to feel his mind scanned mentally spoke “Hello who’s this scanning me?”
He found the scene changed to find himself back into the High Council’s throne room to find the Speakers had their heads bowed along with mind scanning seemingly lengthy sensed from the High Council. He eyed the group sensing the mind scanning stopped who did their head shaking and hands waving gestures seemingly lengthy before the Speakers raised their heads. 
Tom eyed the High Council as Shad spoke “Confirm Ramses is that Lance Richard the body form of Lance Richard you have been talking to from time to time?”
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council can’t deny or confirm that to you as oath to Edenia when she got a hold of us and told us to not to talk specific things related to the Lance Richard in that tomb and that’s one of the things she ordered us to not to talk.”
He frowned as both Speakers spoke in unison “Barry!”
Tom heard from Ramses “Hey Barry! The High Council wants you in their meeting room now.” 
Tom saw a light show flash showing Barry that gave him a glare before looking at the High Council as Shad spoke “What’s your opinion on this Lance Richard in the underwater sea vessel tomb and the Lance Richard the Meritanians have been talking to from time to time? We warn you that the tomb Lance Richard communicated a go away message to Mindbender when he was sent to there that appeared to be alive and awake before resuming some sleep status.” 
He eyed Barry who he heard spoke “My opinion High Council is that there’s two forms of Lance Richard. One is astral talking to the Meritanians causing you various troubles while the other is physical and more interested in being contained. It's due to suspecting that the containment keeps him out of your hands and out of causing you troubles. I also suspect that the physical Lance Richard is aware of you and your views towards people. Hence he giving Mindbender a go away message when awaken and resuming sleep status which is another way of keeping himself alive while in containment.” 
He heard from Shad “That’s speak for Lance Richard in physical and astral forms are the one and same causing us various troubles.” 
He eyed Barry who disappeared in a flash of light after hearing the Builder speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone sounding angry to him. 
He frowned as Onya spoke “Ramses transport the contained in sea vessel Lance Richard now and make sure he’s awake for that.”
He saw a light show showing instead of Lance Richard but a sleeping on his side Jinks to hear both speakers speaking in unison “Ramses!”
Tom heard from Ramses speaking “Sorry High Council but Horus despite inhibiting the body of Osiris is actually Lance Richard himself hence me doing your order as ordered.” 
He frowned as both Speakers spoke in unison “That’s an excuse Ramses and you know it!”
Tom heard from Ramses sounding grumpy to him “Alright who’s the wise guy thinking up this joke? I’ll dump you in King Winter’s Kingdom for that thought!”
He sensed light shows from the High Council to spot four seats scattered were empty of members as Ramses added sounding calm to him “You’ll find quadruplet High Council members shivering on an iceberg as transported to there due to them playing an inexcusable joke onto us Meritanians Hmph.”
He frowned hearing that eyed the High Council to hear from Shad sounding annoyed “Anyway transport Horus back to where you transported him now Ramses. Make it snappy since Barry is already in a bad mood and will take it out on us once he finds his favored offspring gone from where he left him sleeping.” 
Tom frown hearing the words favored offspring to eye Jinks who disappeared in a flash of light and heard from Ramses “Orders done as you ordered High Council. Anyway what should I do regarding Mindbender hmm? You still want me to transport him to a warship for him to be contained there?”
He eyed the High Council as both speakers spoke in unison “Get him to where he can get something to wear for his form. He looks inappropriate at the moment.” 
Tom found the scene changed to find himself in the Listener bedroom by one blaring it to him. Along with thrust clothes and shoes towards him by a Listener which he gripped and walked out of the room. He went to his bedroom to frown eyeing the bathroom recalling himself knocked out via shower figured that he’ll avoid showering for awhile only to feel compelled to go into the bathroom which he obeyed to the compulsion. Tom eyed himself in the mirror to find his hair had appeared to completely grown back from its cut status. He dumped the items onto the sink and stripped himself of the shorts that stuck to his form to his annoyance which he peeled off. He eyed the shower with disgust within him and eyed the faucet seeing it wasn’t set for removing to wash himself besides on top of the head. He sighed and figured that he’ll use the sink to bathe himself only to hear a whining squeal sound off his right to spot a Freeloader male standing in the doorway with arms folded making his senses blaring along with anger felt. 
He glared at the Freeloader while mentally yelling “Ramses, there’s a Freeloader in my quarters! Yank him out will you?!”
Tom heard nothing from Ramses as he continued to eye the Freeloader who remained in his spot instead of transported out while the male appeared to scrutinizing him by the eyes narrowing not sparing his sensitive part bared to be seen. 
He turned and folded his arms glaring at the Freeloader and spoke with sarcasm “Something interesting about me and my bared status hmm?”
Tom eyed the Freeloader who appeared to ignore him by not responding to his question instead kept up the staring with eyes narrowed. He gave up a disgusted sound and picked up his clothes and shoes putting it on the toilet seat making sure the cover was down to avoid any items accidentally falling into there. He ignored the staring Freeloader who he sensed continued to silently watch him bathe himself by the sink’s water splashing onto his form. Tom once done dried himself thoroughly then got dressed into his clothes finding them masked High Council servant wear without the mask. He picked up his boots holding socks in them and walked towards the Freeloader who backed up getting out of his way. He left the bathroom to enter the bedroom which he went to the bed to sit putting on the socks and shoe wear still watched by the Freeloader. Tom while sensing that Ramses was busy at the moment due to not doing any transporting or appearing to heard him. Tom felt his mood foul mentally willed the Banshee forwards to find the Freeloader was gone. He sensed a light show in the direction of the bathroom doorway groaned out loud and willed aside that status to get up walking out of the room heading towards the barroom to find a Listener in the hallway blocking his way. 
He glared at the Listener finding his mood bad as the Listener spoke in some feminine voice “Your clothes as you came out of nesting room was highlighting you so well detailed that the High Council found that inappropriate. High Council don’t like people blaring mating statuses group call it regardless of clothes highlighting them including no clothes statuses unless it’s ordered for visual examination.”
He frown hearing that as the Listener got out of his way. He went to the barroom to find Barry inside that gave him a familiar glare with eyes golden. He exhaled a breath and went to sit down in a stool again resumed stared at by Barry and got handed a drink appearing to look white to him which he figured that the Builder ordered it. 
He sipped the drink taking his time making himself lengthy till he heard Barry snarling in some angry tone “I didn’t pay you to sip that drink like that so quit it now since you know I want you to talk, Tom.” 
He groaned softly and forced himself to sip his drink a little faster and once done put the cup down and spoke to Barry while eyeing him “Where’s Jinks anyway?”
Tom heard a growling sound from Barry which he turned his attention to fully face the Builder who gave him a familiar glare with eyes golden. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Talk on what you sensed from that Freeloader seen in your quarters. Ramses for some unknown reason balked on transporting him to the High Council.”
He spoke “That Freeloader wouldn’t stop staring at me as I cleaned myself up along with keeping it up as I put on my clothes. He ignored my question of what he was looking at by not answering back to me and disappeared before I could do anything nasty to him due to feeling fed up with his staring. Does that answer your question Barry?”
He glared at Barry finding his mood still bad as the Builder spoke “And how were you feeling when you laid eyes onto him hmm?”
Tom spoke “He got my senses blare along with making me feel angry at his presence there. I didn’t do anything nasty instead figured that Ramses would transport him out. The Meritanian has complained about me not letting him do that whenever there’s Freeloaders sensed in my presence. Ramses has complained that I have some sick kill Freeloaders on sight attitude. Hence he alerting the High Council of it who threw me in various warships of theirs to serve their Captains as some kind of warm foot rest for bare feet. It was some sort of punishment towards not doing the High Council’s orders related to Freeloaders detected on their home base.”
He folded his arms while still glaring at Barry to hear from the Builder “Jinks don’t stand in the doorway its rude and your blocking traffic.” 
Tom shifted to eye the doors to see Jinks walking into view to stand next to Barry with arms folded one hand he saw glimpsed holding a clothe object he figured was a mask. He eyed Jinks with a frown finding his mood stopped being bad who stared back at him with some no fear look in his eyes but the look of challenge wasn’t there. 
He looked at Barry who he saw was looking at Jinks which the Builder spoke “Hmm interesting attitude displayed towards me and others.” 
Tom frowned hearing that as Jinks he shifted to eye appeared to ignore Barry’s comment instead was staring back at him with eyes narrowed appearing to have some look of suspicion in them. 
He frowned inwardly while hearing Barry speaking “Jinks get yourself some nourishment now and quit the staring. It’s rather rude anyway.”  
Tom eyed Jinks who put himself between Barry and himself while taking a gold cup to sip it slowly. He noticed that the male was repeatedly glancing at him from time to time as he sipped his drink with familiar look of suspicion in them. He frowned realizing that Jinks was implying something by the suspicious look in his eyes aimed at him but wasn’t going to say it to his face due to appearing to protect Barry from him.  Tom moved his form till he was completely facing the bar and clasped his hands in front on the bar’s top while staring at them with head bowed. He listened for any noises sounding in the room to hear Listeners chattering in their familiar Hammarabbi language. Tom figured it wasn’t polite of him according to them to eavesdrop. He peered out of the corners of his eyes aimed at Jinks to sense the male was doing the same thing as he sipped his drink then put the cup down on the bar top and walked out of sight. He sensed the familiar sense hitting him that told him that Jinks had moved to stand next to Barry and was staring at him from the senses blaring. Tom shifted his head to look in Barry’s direction to see the Builder was sipping a drink while facing the bar. 
He spoke out loud “Barry, tell Jinks to talk on what’s bothering him. His staring is indicating that he wants to say something and doesn’t want a violent response from me.” 
He eyed Barry who looked in his direction flaring golden eyes and heard from the Builder who spoke sounding firm “That attitude Jinks is displaying is towards everyone near me and not just you. He’s fixated onto you due to that your closer to me than anyone else in the room so excuse him for doing that staring habit.”
Tom frowned as Barry looked away stopping the eye flaring golden look to resume sipping his drink. He eyed Jinks to see that the male was again staring at him with suspicion in his narrowed eyes. He shrugged and got up from the stool to go to the monitor screens where Nameless was always standing sipping from a cup. He stood back to the screens sideways facing Nameless with arms folded to eye Jinks who had changed position and appeared to be staring at the Highlander pair seated nearby. Tom exhaled a breath rolling his eyes giving off a soft disgusted sound to focus his eyes onto Jinks again who he saw was still staring at the Highlander pair. 
He heard from Nameless abruptly “Desperation is willing to live and do anything to find a purpose.”
He shifted his eyes to focus onto Nameless which he heard sounding in his mind sounding like the Shadonian to him “The High Council threatened to put Horus down permanently if he proved useless to them. Barry talked them out of doing that and that Horus is trying to prove that he’s useful hence he acting like a bodyguard towards anyone near that Builder.”
Tom shifted to look away towards Jinks he saw was still staring at the Highlander pair. 
He resumed staring at Nameless out of the corners of his eyes to hear from the Shadonian “Horus was used as an assassin while you were out of the High Council’s hands. Too bad Horus isn’t assassin material as proven by him doing very messy assassinations onto victims. It’s also too bad that people that found the victims weren’t fooled into thinking the victim died by self body termination instead assumed that an assassin was doing the job.”
He again shifted his eyes figuring that Nameless didn’t want anyone to know that he could communicate mentally to him. 
Tom again looked at the Shadonian to hear “The High Council isn’t happy with the mess at the moment. Barry managed to talk them out of doing anything harmful towards Horus using that voice talent of his to manipulate them to keep his favored offspring alive. I suspect Horus’s attitude of being a bodyguard was voice ordered by Barry himself. That Builder is trying to prove Horus is useful worth being alive hence the bodyguard attitude. I finished talking so look elsewhere.” 
Tom obeyed to focus onto Jinks he saw was still staring in a direction he assumed was aimed at the Highlander pair. He eyed Barry with a frown that got up from the stool and walked out of the room. Tom saw Jinks follow him out doors swinging behind them both. He sighed loudly to rub a hand on his cheek where the Freeloader cut him via knife to find his scar was still there and not healed up to his disgust. He recalled looking at himself in the mirror to find he still had the scar on his cheek but didn’t have any scars elsewhere on his face as cut by Banshees scratching him. 
He sighed softly and heard from Ramses loudly blaring “High Council don’t take that tone with me now or else I’ll dump you into King Winter’s Kingdom.” 
He heard the grumpiness of Ramses’ voice as the Meritanian kept blaring “Oh give me a break High Council and spare me of that order. One Lance Richard is enough for me anyway. Don’t you dare speak that ridiculous order to me again.” 
He frowned figuring out that the High Council wanted the Lance Richard entomb in some sea vessel transported to them hence Ramses’ words and that the Meritanian was balking on doing it despite the group’s ordering him. 
He rubbed a hand on his cheek feeling the scar line and gave it a careful examination by his hand’s touch while hearing Ramses blare again “Alright you asked for it you stinker!”
Tom examined the scar with his hand’s touch seemingly lengthy as Ramses was again heard sounding calmer to him instead of grumpy “Ah you’ll find triplet High Council members shivering on an iceberg and no I’m not transporting them back. They like the others insulted me and my sisters harrumph.” 
Tom felt himself tired went out of the room to the hallway to meet a Listener that spoke “Your bedroom is that door.” 
He frowned finding the Listener pointed to a door that wasn’t his bedroom. Tom figured that it was a joke ignored the female despite dressed as a male. Tom went into his original bedroom only to feel a bad headache hitting him making him dizzy and making him feel blindness hitting him. He felt a hand Listener like grab his hand and yank him. He didn’t protest to the yanking allowed himself to be guided. He heard familiar Listener voices chattering but didn’t pay attention to their words. He was forced to kneel and felt hands Freeloader like touching his forehead along with a hand touching his mouth clamping it shut. He felt intense pain and jerked his head up throat making noises till he felt the headache stop. Tom followed by lying his form down on the floor shutting his eyes feeling like needing to sleep as the hands on him left him. He passed out unconscious only to come to jerking open his eyes finding himself lying in a bedroom with a form lying on top of him that felt Listener to him. He reached a hand and touched the Listener that gave a yell. Tom heard roaring sounds of Listeners awaking. Tom sat up after the Listener got off of him while looking around at the Listeners with confusion within him. 
He stared at the one with facial hair sensing that the male was the leader who spoke in Hammarabbi “Policy around here is never be alone with Nameless period and don’t forget it. Besides he played that switch quarters habit again despite told off to not to do it. His former quarters in case you want to know is in the one in that direction next door.”
He saw the Listener point a finger in a direction off his left. Tom bobbed his head and got up from the bed walking out of the room without a word. Tom went into the quarters as gestured by a Listener in the hallway pointing to it. He walked inside to see nothing amiss and heard whining squeals sounding three times as he saw two male Freeloaders appear along with a female Freeloader. Tom felt his mood flatten seeing the Freeloaders and didn’t protest as the males got a hold of his arms in some fast speed move. Tom eyed the female who walked up to him putting hands on his cheeks. He felt his mind scanned from the sense to recall fully of the High Council telling him after doing an assassination job for them for the first time to not to be alone with Nameless period. He continued to recall the High Council warned him that Nameless had a picky habit of targeting people with injuries resulted to anyone who was alone with him. It didn’t matter where for the Shadonian hybrid Hyperon would do the targeting period. Tom grimaced recalling himself alone with Nameless after August attacked him. The Shadonian used some mental mind walking power to communicate some message to him. He frowned wondering what it was as he felt a bad headache hitting him again. Tom felt his urge to scream cut off. Tom felt the Freeloaders were all scanning him. He felt an urge to throw up hitting him along with something in his throat making him choke. He gagged loudly. He felt the male Freeloaders punch him in the front repeatedly and then threw up the object from within him he saw appeared to look like a small black stone lying on the floor. Tom eyed it with a frown as the female stomped her foot on top of it and heard crack sounds of glass to him. 
Tom frowned to shift eyeing the female Freeloader who spoke verbalizing her words in Summeran “That was a stunt of Nameless. He has an ability to produce stones that he mentally manipulates people to eat whenever their alone with him. They have no memory of doing it. The stones give him an ability to mentally talk to a person and that’s about it. He doesn’t seem to indicate that he can use the stones to scan people’s mind or any other mind walking ability.”
Tom didn’t say a word but eyed her as she continued talking “Besides your headache while in your former quarters was a result of Nameless producing some large stone. He uses as his alarm to alert him of who’s in his quarters. The Listeners managed to get Nameless occupied just to get you out of the quarters and into their quarters for rest. Oh Nameless habitually switches quarters with people. He hasn’t been able to kick Barry out of his original quarters due to that the Builder seems to anticipate the switcheroo every time. Barry has used the voice talent onto the hybrid to keep the switch from happening.” 
Tom frowned to recall the Freeloader wasn’t kidding on what she said by remembering clearly of Nameless switching quarters repeatedly over and over and not spared him of the switcheroo. He kept his mouth shut as the female released her hand holds off his face and stepped aside. Tom found himself in a Banshee nest by various Banshees gathered around and spotted the Queen in vicinity. He didn’t protest as the two males holding his arms forced him to kneeling. He obeyed feeling their arm holds gone and kneeled eyeing the Queen to see a male Banshee walk into view. The Banshee seen to shift form into a Freeloader male who stared at him with eyes narrowed his senses blaring along with a familiar sense of anger hitting him. Tom frowned as two Banshees came into view and took the Freeloader’s arms and pulled him into the crowd of Banshees seeing him shift into a Banshee that walked into the crowd going out of sight. He eyed the Queen who jerked her head towards in his direction. 
Tom frowned as a Banshee arrived to shift form into a Freeloader that spoke “Says are you sure that your son Thurin is dead by your hands, Tom?”
He stiffened from the words to sense a presence behind him that made him turn his form to look. Tom saw with shock at the line of Banshees standing away from him were two male Humans one bigger appearing to be his size had a hand on the shorter male’s shoulder. He eyed the males to see the bigger one had eyes narrowed staring at him with facial appearance that was familiar. Till he stiffened remembering it was his face he saw staring at him and realized with a start that it was his son with a Freeloader female. He eyed the other male the shorter one who he stiffened seeing his facial appearance with eyes narrowed in a glaring expression. He figured from memory was his son with Thura. 
Tom heard from the Freeloader as he resumed looking at the Queen “Says your Father managed to figure out a way to transmit memories of himself onto Keos. The method was also used onto other Keos regardless of male or female. A Queen you thought killed managed to trick you into killing a female posing as her. Her people have refused to let her travel out of sight or elsewhere from the nest.”
Tom stiffened hearing that as the Freeloader kept talking “Says your Father used that method onto Humans and hybrids of both species with successful results. You were fooled when you killed a human posing as Assassin Lord. You thinking he was your son when he wasn’t.” 
Tom continued to stiffen from what he heard finding himself not getting angry from the talk but felt embarrassment hitting him. 
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as the Freeloader continued “Says talk on how you’re feeling now.”
He blurted to his shock loudly “I’m embarrassed.” 
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling himself further humiliated from what he said.
He continued to eye the Queen as the Freeloader spoke “Says and?”
He again blurted before he could stop himself “I’m not angry just humiliated with what you told me.” 
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with his blurting as the Freeloader spoke “Says your Father is among this group watching you. He says through mental talk that he’s disappointed in your attitude towards the Keo species. He's disappointed in your obsessed attitude in serving the High Council without questioning their orders regardless of how wrong it seems.”
Tom felt himself getting angry as the Freeloader paused. 
He recalled his life on Uzan fully snarled out in an angry voice “You stinking Keos and the Humans on Uzan out casted me since I was a young child and kept it up even when I was full grown. No matter what I did to you and the Humans, you both refused to have anything to do with me period. As a result I wasn’t sorry when that Keo died by my hand while I was underneath manipulating by the planet’s Meritanians. I was exiled thanks to you Keos blaming me for some damaged relations between your species and the Humans. You blaming for me of the death of one of your species when I was actually manipulated by a Meritanian to do the deed. I wound up with this scar on my face from a Keo cutting me there as tradition says of killing a manoid. It didn’t matter what species as long as that was done. I didn’t get anything involving acceptance from people on Uzan. I didn’t get any of that either from the natives of Shadan something I wanted the most as my goal. The High Council gave me the acceptance I wanted. I will serve them with undivided loyalty without questioning their orders as payment for giving me what I wanted. I was not getting from anyone anywhere period.” 
He glared at the Queen to will the Banshee forwards to find the scene changed to find himself in his familiar bedroom facing the door. The door opened showing Nameless that paused from walking while holding a stone like object seen in his left hand. Tom felt rage hitting mentally gave the order of death towards Nameless who hit the floor with form still along with form shriveling up into dirt. Tom sensed that the hybrid was completely gone. He shut his eyes willing aside the Banshee to feel a hand clamp over his mouth feeling like Anubis’s with cloth on it felt. 
He heard Shad’s familiar voice speaking “Talk Mindbender on the assassination of one of our assassins Nameless.” 
He felt his mind scanned to sense it was from the Meritanians to mentally relay the trick the Freeloader played onto him fully only to hear Ramses speaking something else than what he was thinking saying “He’s thinking of inappropriate language at the moment.” 
Tom jerked open his eyes to find himself facing the High Council while kneeling and spotted Barry in the vicinity having a choke hold on a familiar male that. He recognized as Lance Richard who had black eyes aimed in his direction. He felt rage hitting him willed the Banshee forwards only to hear Barry’s familiar chatter. Tom found the Banshee willed aside and found the Builder kept up his chatter whenever he willed the Banshee forwards only to get it willed away from him. He felt rage take control yanked Anubis’s hand off his mouth. Tom got up in a fast speed move only to feel familiar gloved hands grabbed his arms in tight ironclad holds. He struggled to free himself as Anubis’s hand resumed covering his mouth. 
He mentally spoke sensing Ramses scanning him “The stinking Freeloaders humiliated me at a visit when I was there with them.” 
He heard from Ramses in response “He’s still thinking inappropriate language at the moment.” 
Tom narrowed his eyes in a glare at Barry with accusation in them aimed at the Builder as Onya’s voice was heard “Ramses dump Mindbender in the ocean and see if that’ll help him get rid of his bad mood.” 
He heard from Ramses “Gladly.” 
Tom felt the hand holds off of him to find himself floating in the sky with night vision flaring to discover himself falling towards the vast ocean down below. He hit it with a splash and once underwater looked up and down struggling to figure which one was the surface despite his form in a horizontal position. He felt his air beginning to run out felt himself no longer surrounded by water but hit a rugged floor. Tom heard a familiar voice of a Listener order him out which he swung himself up and walked out of the quarters to find a Listener in the hallway who pointed a finger at a door. He saw was his original quarters while hearing her say it was that in some relieved voice tone. Tom didn’t say a word went into the quarters which inside he sensed nothing serious only to hear whining squeals of three to find three Freeloaders two males and a female appear in front of him. Tom felt his mood bad as usual gave the Freeloaders a glare and stormed into the bathroom stripping himself of every single article of clothing that was felt sticking to him due to the wetness and left it piled on the floor along with his boots. He noticed during this was the female standing in the doorway eyeing him with narrowed eyed looks along with the males behind her peering over her shoulders. He ignored them to use the sink water to wash himself thoroughly then dried as well as he could. Tom faced the doorway to find the Freeloaders backed up as he walked towards them. Tom walked out still stared by the Freeloaders as he went to the bed yanking back the blanket and sat on it covering himself from the waist down. Tom folded his arms glaring at the Freeloaders with disgust hitting him. He felt urged to sleep laid his form down adjusting the blanket till it covered him up to his armpits. Tom shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a stick object poking him in the stomach. Tom jerked open his eyes swinging himself up to find himself in the High Council’s throne room and still bare of clothes which he folded his arms while eyeing the High Council. 
Shad he heard spoke “Mindbender make a slow circle with your arms out now.” 
Tom exhaled a breath obeyed doing it to once finished sense a light show off his left to find a masked Highlander a High Council servant holding folded cloth that spoke “Here put them on now.” 
He obeyed putting on the clothes he saw was twin to the Highlander but didn’t include the mask along with taking on the socks and boots onto his form then stood with arms folded eyeing the High Council. He saw a projection of a male wearing a suit and some black eye wear holding onto a harness of a gonoid. He figured from memory was a dog but wasn’t sure of the breed despite knowing that there was many of them. 
Tom heard from Shad “This is your target. You’re to assassinate him in any way you wish. Ramses transport him to a discreet location now.”
He blinked his eyes discovering himself in the bushes with daylight seen while hearing a dog barking sounding of alarm to him. He darted towards the sound not carrying if he was making any noises. He reached a path to notice nearby was his targeted Human holding onto his dog that was in front of the male barking furiously while the man seemed confused to him. Tom mentally willed forwards the Banshee ordering the dog to go down seeing it collapsed. Then he gave the death order towards the Human to notice it not working as the man squatted putting a hand on the dog’s side and shaking it. He mentally ordered the Human thrown forwards towards him. Tom see with annoyance the male still holding onto the harness belonging to the dog. The man landed inches away from him onto the ground while giving off groaning sounds. Tom heard the bushes rumble on both sides of him to see various males and females wearing familiar army wear clothing come out holding gun weapons pointed at him. He noticed surrounded him and the targeted male. 
Tom heard from the targeted male sounding like a sneer “Brain Wave, it figures.”
He stiffened from that only to blink his eyes finding himself back into the High Council’s throne room. He willed aside the Banshee and opened his mouth to speak only to get Anubis’s familiar hand clamping over it. 
He mentally spoke sensing Ramses scanning him “The targeted male anticipated the assassination and set a trap.”
He heard Ramses speaking “High Council, Mindbender says that targeted male anticipated the assassination and set a trap.” 
He heard from Shad in response as a projection of a male he recognized as Alexei Zesky flashed “This is your target. Assassinate him anyway you wish. Ramses transport him to a discreet location now.” 
He stiffened as he found himself in a bathroom willed forwards the Banshee to walk out into a bedroom to hear a loud male voice sounding from another room in familiar tones “I’ve been expecting you so show yourself or I’ll have my hidden guards take you out.” 
He saw a doorway as if drawn walked through it to see Alexei seated in the room on a couch with a glare on the male’s face who added “Will that state away now and I’ll give you good reasons why you shouldn’t assassinate me despite ordered by the High Council.” 
Tom frowned but obeyed to find two males all covered up appeared from hidden states silently stand next to Alexei on both sides. He spotted Breaker come up from hiding behind the couch to stand with arms folded a glare on his face. 
He shifted to stare at Alexei who continued talking “I figured that your name is Tom so don’t ask me how I figured that out.” 
He didn’t comment but stared at Alexei with his arms folded as the male kept talking “I regret to inform you but you were implanted with a tracking device once you landed in my hands that is currently giving off a signal at the moment. I’m surprised that the High Council hasn’t done anything to remove that device out of you since it became obvious that you were a former servant of them.” 
Tom frowned hearing Alexei’s words as the male stopped talking to give off an ahem sound. 
He spoke stiffening why the High Council had him target Alexei “You set that trap of having the Humans attempt to capture me in an assassination attempt.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare at Alexei who spoke “Ah figured it out didn’t you hmm? Nevertheless the High Council got too confident in their servants doing assassinations to target people who publicity trashed them to others in public. The High Council should have realized by now that I’m capable of getting their assassins into traps along with getting the Humans to figure out who they are as well. This is something that has been repeatedly played over and over with the High Council refusing to acknowledge that I’m better than them when it comes to outthinking them.” 
He frowned as the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room to see Falcons grabbing a figure from the floor and lifting the person up he saw was Alexei along with seeing Anubis clamp a hand over the male’s mouth. 
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke sounding angry “Your interferences with our servants doing work for us have reached an end. Don’t think this pathetic hybrid Breaker can transport you out. The Meritanians were ordered to put him down sleeping period just to avoid him using the voice talent onto us and them as well.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Anyhow Mindbender knock Alexei out now.” 
He obeyed willing forwards the Banshee to mentally spoke eyes onto Alexei’s face despite the male sideways facing him the command for down. Tom saw Alexei slump over followed by Anubis removing his hand. 
He heard from Shad “Anybus take Alexei to sleeper tube room number one and tell the servants there to put him inside now.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Sorry High Council your servants can’t do that order. They say this First One has implants within his body that would shut down killing him if he’s contained in such a tube you’re referring to. Besides their not kidding on the implants I managed to get that confirmed from Alexei himself just prior to him setting that trap to target one of your assassins targeting a victim. And if you don’t believe me check your records I used the key words ‘Stop resisting to that and tell me what’s keeping you alive despite sensing something funny within you’ which is what I said to Alexei when talking to him.” 
Tom frowned inwardly hearing that as Shad and Onya bowed their heads followed by eyeing the High Council doing head waggling and hand gestures seemingly lengthy. He heard a groan sound eyed Alexei to sense that the male was fighting some sleep status. 
He mentally spoke “Alexei up.”
Tom eyed Alexei that jerked open his eyes with a loud gasp only to see Anubis clamp a hand over the male’s mouth. He eyed the High Council to see the Speakers raise their heads. 
He heard Shad speaking “Give us, Alexei, a good reason why we should spare your life instead of having you assassinated which it doesn’t matter if your deathless or not. And Anybus remove your hand to let him talk now.” 
He eyed Alexei who spoke after Anubis removed his hand “Your assassins once their done with their serving you by having them dumped onto my hands are kept alive on my very strict orders. Their ordered to do jobs for me at the Zesky Asylum for sanctuary reasons. That along with appearance altered to do bodyguard work for Humans in the public eye. They also are hired to do jobs by another Human who’s aware of what they were. This Human in question pays me for getting the former assassins into servitude which body guarding is one of the jobs in question.”
He heard nothing more from Alexei to hear an Argh sounding of both Speakers in unison. Tom looked at the High Council to see that they were again in a head waggling and hand gestured talk from the looks of it. 
He eyed them to see them stop their movements followed by Shad’s angry voice speaking “Ramses transport Alexei back to his home now.” 
He saw a light show continued to eye the High Council as Shad continued “And tell us the status of the targeted First One, Mindbender was told to assassinate.”
He heard from Ramses “The target has managed with help of others involved in the Master Organization to get himself to a building location inside belonging to this Donald Marshall and is contained at the moment within vicinity of First Ones who detected me scanning them and kicked me out. The First Ones from what I glimpsed in their minds are Builders which I’m aware that Mindbender doesn’t have immunity to the species’ voice orders due to one of your servants doing that trick onto him repeatedly over and over with him obeying to the orders. By the way you might want to do something about the Master Organization’s people seeing Alexei as an unofficial leader of the group despite Horus their actual leader being occupied at the moment to bother leading them.”
Tom frowned hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian continued blaring “I’m not kidding on what I said regarding the Master Organization seeing Alexei as a leader. They have picked up this attitude after it was obvious that the declared vessel Horus himself wasn’t going to lead them and that was from their thinking of him being used as some kind of toy for your amusement.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Ramses continued talking “Don’t ask me where they came up with this toy view for I’m still trying to pinpoint the First One who came up with that idea despite various people in Horus’s circle having abilities to detect their minds scanned and kicking me out whenever they detect us scanning them. Also the ones who I managed to scan have indicated that the Master Organization’s reason for giving leadership to Alexei is due to him being publicity known to be deathless despite him having implants that help his body function properly to avoid some healing sleep status that would knock him out and keep him asleep till his body is completely healed of its medical issues.”
He frowned inwardly as he continue to hear Ramses’ talk “I must add that the reason why Alexei prefers implants to this is because of Horus who wound up in a healing sleep status and the healing according to people hanging around took too much time. Alexei has repeatedly thinks he’ll be in a longer healing sleep status than the time it took Horus to heal up if he lets himself into such a status hence the implants’ use. He prefers to wait till it’s obvious that he’s not needed to help people to go into a healing sleep status. Unfortunately from his mind thinking from when I scanned him is that he’s thinking that people can’t handle things without him leading them. Sorry High Council but Alexei has his mind made up on that thought from what I gleaned from his mind during our conversation.”
Tom frowned as Ramses became silent followed by Shad speaking “Mindbender we will have Ramses transport you to Alexei where your to put him down asleep. Make sure its in a healing sleep status so transport him now.” 
He found the scene changed to find himself in a bedroom where Alexei was seen lying on the bed that opened his eyes and looked around looking confused. He willed the Banshee forwards and mentally gave the male the command for sleep. Tom saw him shut his eyes. He eyed Alexei to repeatedly give the down command with senses cued to the male sensing he had fallen into a healing sleep status despite resistance then heard a door opening sound. Tom looked off his left to see Breaker looking angry that spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone. He shook his head feeling sleepiness hitting him along with the Banshee willed aside eyed the floor to see it shift from rugged looking to metal and fell onto it falling unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling himself lying on a rugged floor. Tom jerked open his eyes to see Barry and Breaker in Alexei’s bedroom as he saw the scene changed to find himself in a bedroom with a Listener blaring that it’s their bedroom and he should leave. He obeyed to find the Listener in the hallway giving him a narrowed eyed look like he was being scrutinized. He ignored going to the bedroom belonging to him and went inside lying onto the bed feeling himself sick with some sicknesses hitting him. He heard whining squeals sounding three times. Tom shut his eyes figuring out that the noises were by the Freeloaders. Only to get himself yanked from the bed by familiar hands on his arms and hauled with fast speed felt with feet sliding on the ground while backwards seemingly lengthy all over the place to him. Tom frowned wondering to himself where Anubis and Falcons were taking him to. He was hauled by the guards to find an image flashing in his mind then his feet felt rocks bumping against them and then dropped to the ground with clothes yanked off of him entirely including his shoes. Tom felt himself getting sicker found himself expelling through various ways on his body. He kept his eyes shut as if compelled to do it. He obeyed to the compulsion and gagged on the stuff coming up from his stomach while throwing it up. Tom felt confusion hitting him wondering what happened to cause Anubis and Falcons to do this to him while he was sick. He heard nothing in answer to his question as he continued to do his expelling till it stopped to his relief while feeling himself better.
Tom heard a voice speaking Basic sounding in Shadonian accent to him “Screw the High Council! For not telling me that there was another like me they had hanging around judging by that sickness of this odd First One you say assassinated him.” 
Tom gasped for breath keeping his eyes shut as still compelled to hear Anubis’s loud whisper “The High Council reveals what they think people should know at any time they wish. It’s their decision to decide on whether to mention that person your referring to, Shooter.” 
He frowned at the word Shooter as the Shadonian was heard “Baha Anubis! The High Council has repeatedly put me off from entering the gate to travel elsewhere judging by you and guards keeping me out. It figures that they wanted me to stick around as a replacement to the one assassinated hmm?”
He heard from Anubis “Actually I can’t say if the High Council will have you replace this person your referring to or not. I figured you hanging around stuck here is because you can talk for them standing among us. They don’t seem to speak and have displayed no inclination to speak anything to the High Council or to us or anyone.” 
Tom frowned hearing that figured that he was among the Hyperon. Tom continued to keep his eyes shut despite curiosity hitting him to make him want to see. He kept his eyes shut as hands feeling webby like despite manoid like were feeling him all over his front and not sparing his sensitive part as he felt was examining him fully. 
He heard from Shooter he assumed was the Shadonian’s name speaking as the hands stopped their touch “Aw get this odd First One out of here and out of my sight before I’m tempted to shoot him. So move it Anubis. Take that piece of garbage you dumped while removing it from him.” 
He felt gloved hands grabbed his arms yanking him up from the ground. Tom again felt himself hauled in a fast speed along with an image flashing in his mind till his back hit a bed he felt was his own bed along with clothes and shoes dumped onto his front. 
He opened his eyes to see Anubis looking at him that whispered loudly “The High Council will punish you for the death of one of their assassins despite you being an assassin of them. They don’t tolerate assassins and servants of them killing other assassins and servants. They give out harsh punishments for that regardless of what the manoid is feeling after doing the assassination job.” 
He kept his mouth shut as he felt compelled to sleep shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a hand slapping him on the cheek while feeling himself in some squat position while bare of clothes with manacles around his wrists holding his arms up above him. Tom jerked open his eyes raising himself to stand as the hand he saw belonged to Anubis. Tom saw Anubis walked out of sight into inky darkness he saw was surrounding a shining overhead spotlight. His arms kept their raised above his head position by the chain keeping them up. 
He heard a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking “Begin the punishment as ordered by the High Council, now.”
Tom gasped softly as he felt a familiar object hitting his back that felt like a whip. He grimaced feeling electrical zapping charges of pain hitting him from the thing at each hit making him feel more painful. He grimaced forming it on his face but kept his silence as he breathe hard through his mouth and eyed the floor seeing it was sandy dirt looking. He mentally spoke the command for restraints off only to feel a zapping pain hit him on the back as the whip continued to hit him with pain rising after each hit. He felt the pain get too much screamed out a nonsense sound from that. Tom found that the whipping continued despite the noise. He screamed and screamed as the pain continued along with feeling his knees weak sagged while still held up by manacles around his wrists. Till his throat began to be raw of pain which he cut his noises and eyed the ground concentrating onto it as the whipping continued seemingly lengthy. Tom felt liquid dripping from his back as the whipping continued to hit him. He kept his eyes onto the ground concentrating onto it and then felt the manacles released him. He collapsed to his knees as the whip was felt ceasing its actions. Tom kneeled while gasping for breath as he felt dripping sensations on his back seemingly all over the place. Tom wrapped his arms on his front while bending down groaning loudly through his throat from the pain on his back. Tom felt the ground stopped being sandy dirt but changed to rugged and felt hands picking on his back. He grimaced and ignored to the hands’ manipulations he figured from the feel was a medic examining him. He shut his eyes breathing hard through his mouth. The doctor he felt examined his back along with various wand devices felt on the areas along with feeling the dripping sensations cease. 
He heard from the doctor loudly “Ramses I’m done with examining Mindbender so transport him out now.” 
Tom felt the floor become metal to feel familiar gloved hands grab his arms yanking him up into a standing position. He opened his eyes to discover he was in the High Council’s throne room back facing the group as the Falcons held him up. He stiffened as a clawed hand was felt on his back rubbing the area from the feel of it then ceased its actions. 
Tom heard from Shad “Falcons turn him around to face us now. It’s inappropriate for him to have back to us.” 
He didn’t comment as the Falcons obeyed till he was facing the High Council and narrowed his eyes in a glare. It dawned to him why Anubis was feeling his back and why the whipping went on lengthy despite his back bleeding. He glared at the High Council with eyes narrowed in accusation realizing that the group ordered the whipping to mark his back and leave scarring as a result. 
He glared as Onya spoke “What do you have to say Mindbender to the punishment hmm?”
He kept his mouth shut finding his mood becoming bad by anger rising within him as Anubis was heard speaking loudly in a whisper tone “Answer the High Council, Mindbender. They asked you a question.” 
He blurt to his shock saying “I’ll kill you for this stunt you pulled scarring my back.” 
He felt himself angry as Shad spoke “How vain, Mindbender is being anyhow Ramses transport him out to where he can get what he needs from the punishment done on him.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms to find himself in a jungle while hearing roaring sounds of Tee Dees. Tom felt his rage take control mentally willed forwards the Banshee as the gonoids came into view surrounding him in circle that got narrower and narrower. He opened his mouth and gave out a shrieking sound very loudly to see the Tee Dees stop their walking and were shaking their heads. He mentally spoke the death command at each gonoid he saw in his eyesight seeing them collapsed onto the ground with form still. He felt his rage still there mentally willed aside the Banshee and darted towards a dead Tee Dee throwing fists onto it repeatedly while hearing bones cracking sounding loudly. He kept up the fisting till a stinging pain was felt hitting his shoulder along with a sensation of a mouth on the area felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to finding himself lying on a familiar bed with a Listener’s form lying sideways on top of him. He reached out a hand touching the Listener’s head to feel the manoid get off of him with a loud yell of nonsense sound followed by multiple roaring of other Listeners heard awaken. 
Tom sat up as one poked a finger in his face and spoke in Basic “Listeners ordered to tell you to hit the private room once awaken for expelling needs only. Anything else while in there is for you to do in your own bedroom.” 
He didn’t comment a response got up from the bed discovering himself still baring his sensitive parts. Tom felt no clothes on his form as he darted into the bathroom and came out once done to eyed the Listeners. They all pointed to the door to the quarters and figured that it was speak for get out. He obeyed to walk out into the hallway to find a Listener snoozing on the floor who didn’t awake as he walked by the manoid. He went to his quarters thinking of giving himself a bath by sink water. Tom while inside found his way blocked by an appearing Freeloader male that gave him a narrowed eyed glare as his senses blared warning. 
He glared at the Freeloader as he figured was his Father as he spoke “Don’t stand in my way. I need to clean myself up now.” 
He walked towards his Father that repeatedly blocked his attempts to the bathroom.
Tom added “What the depths do you want now?”
Tom folded his arms and gave his Father a narrowed eyed glare who appeared to scrutinized him up and down before making a turn around gesture by a clawed hand’s finger aimed at him. He rolled his eyes giving up a sound of disgust. Tom turned around back to his Father. Tom stiffened as the male’s hand was felt touching his back rubbing over various areas along with sensed tracing the scars of the whip put there. He glared at the wall as his Father stopped touching him on his back to feel the hand on his arm twisting him to face the male. 
He kept his arms folded and gave his Father a glare who removed his hand and the male spoke “You seem fine to me despite scar markings of a whip on your back the same number of fingers of my hand.”
Tom frowned feeling his mood stopped being annoyance from hearing his Father’s voice from the Freeloader speaking it making him feel pleasant hearing it. 
He frowned visibly on his lips as his Father continued talking “I can’t guarantee that you’ll have a negative reaction to the water on your form if you either shower or use the sink’s water splashed on you.”
Tom frown hearing that as his Father kept talking “Besides I have always had a negative reaction towards water whenever I have a medical injury even if I’m in some healing status. It always took me various suns to figure out when my body would tolerate water again regardless of the medical injury I have. I’m warning you that you might have inherited this so be careful.” 
He kept his mouth shut but frowned with his lips forming it as his Father stopped talking to shift form into a Banshee. He eyed turned around and walked towards the bathroom doorway. He saw disappeared in a flash of light once through the doorway as if traveling elsewhere. He exhaled a breath to rub a hand on his forehead while unfolding his arms. Tom went to the bed sitting down on it and laid his form sideways feeling his back too sore to be lied on. 
He shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep only to hear Ramses blaring “Jokes on you High Council.” 
He jerked open his eyes with a frown hearing the Meritanian’s words as Ramses kept talking sounding of pain “Yeow! Stop that will ya!”
Tom frown hearing Ramses repeat the yeow word followed by speaking sounding grumpy to him “Alright High Council! I was referring to your treatment of servants is treat them badly they’ll do what it takes to spite you. Treat them nicely and they’ll serve you with undivided loyalties without questioning your orders.”
He shrugged shutting his eyes figuring that Ramses was speaking on the behalf of a servant treated nasty by the High Council again. Only to hear three whining squeal sounds making him open his eyes as he felt familiar hands grab his arms yanking him from the bed. He glared at Anubis as he stood restrained by the Falcons to find the scene changed. He looked to see the High Council’s throne room and glared at the group by baring his teeth and snapping it in their direction while feeling his mood foul. 
Tom covered his teeth and glared at the High Council as he heard Shad speaking “You were saying Ramses since its obvious we know who this servant is actually?”
He heard from the Meritanian “High Council, check your records anyway. You never once asked Mindbender how he acquired that scar on his face and how he felt from having it. Oh I warn you that he has been seeing the ones who caused him that scar in the first place as an enemy and has kept up that attitude despite being told off not to think or believe that way.” 
Tom heard nothing from Ramses eyed the High Council with a glare feeling his mind scanned. He sensed was not just the Meritanians doing it but from the group. He recalled fully on why he had the scar on his cheek and his reaction to it. Tom recalled at a later time was declare the Freeloaders his enemy and doing what it takes to make the species pay for marking him with that scar. He continued to glare at the High Council as he felt the mind scanning stop followed by the group waggling their heads and waving hands in gestures. He felt rage taking control allowed the emotion to open his mouth and felt it covered by a gloved hand fully by Anubis. He allowed his throat to give off the growling noises as he narrowed his eyes while glaring at the High Council and fisted his hands. 
He mentally spoke sensing the Meritanians scanning him while halting his noises “I’ll kill you for marking my back High Council. I don’t care I’ll do what it takes to get you to suffer from the marking.” 
Tom glared at the High Council as the Speakers he saw raised their heads followed by Shad speaking “Ramses transport Mindbender to the Zesky Asylum now and stand by with further instructions.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him to find himself surrounded by army wear clothing males and females pointing gun weapons aimed at him. He gave them a glare as one made a gesture with the gun. Tom figured out what it was raised his hands in some surrender gesture and got pushed into a direction by a hand on his back despite the area feeling pain from the gloved hand’s touch. He kept his hands up as he was forced into a direction by hands pushing him. Along with hands on his arms grabbing him into a direction as the manoid kept themselves behind him to manipulate him into directions. He kept his mouth shut as the manipulating seemed lengthy then stopped at a doorway. Tom was forced inside to hear a door slam behind him and sensed himself alone in the room. Tom eyed the room’s contents to see it was the same as before when he was dumped onto there. He went to a window to see some sort of metal slammed over its glass as he neared it. Tom found the metal removed itself after he walked away by hearing the familiar noises. He stormed to the bed to sit laying his form sideways onto it eyes onto the door. Tom felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes to pass out unconscious. 

Tom came to hearing a familiar ringing noise jerked open his eyes finding himself restrained in a chair. Tom felt himself wearing clothes on his form that felt familiar and raised his head to find himself underneath a spotlight facing Donald Marshall who had arms folded. 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at President who spoke in Summeran “Serve me well and you’ll be treated well. Serve me badly and I will have you deposed in some sleep status at the Zesky Asylum where all you’ll suffer is nightmarish scenarios while sleeping.”
He kept his mouth shut feeling himself not inclined to talk as President continued talking “The name is Donald Marshall but I’m referred as President around here. It's what you’re to refer to others along with the word Sir to me in my face.” 
Tom frowned hearing President’s words eyed the male’s eyes to see that they had recognition in them but were narrowed in a glare aimed at him. He sensed his appearance wasn’t altered due to sensing his head was still clad of hair. He kept his mouth shut as President gave off a throat clearing noise and saw two male forms covered up he recognized as the male’s bodyguards come into view to stand next to the man. 
He frowned inwardly as President spoke “There’s nothing to prevent you from freeing yourself.” 
He sensed President was genuine with his words mentally spoke the command for the restraints to get off of him finding his order obeyed. Tom stood up folding his arms seeing the two bodyguards step closer to President each putting a hand on the male’s shoulder. 
He kept his mouth shut as President spoke “Since you remind me of a previous servant serving me before kicked out I’ll give you the name of Thunder to be referred around here by me and my people and yourself as well. I dub servants serving me names. I expect them to accept the name their dubbed as their actual name and identity when questioned about who they are actually. I don’t give a damn if you or any servant hates the name I give you for you’re stuck with it period.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as President continued “By the way judging by the looks of you, you seem to be some hybrid of a Shadonian and a Human but don’t bother correcting me on that. I’m saying this based off your size and appearance. Yes I already know what you are actually as blared by a Meritanian named Ramses correcting that thinking when he scanned me thinking that.”
He frowned inwardly as President clapped his hands and then jabbed a finger towards him while speaking “Show him where he’s to stay for servitude.” 
He saw two males step into view with Human looks and Amula eyes while one pointed a finger aimed at him and made a come gesture. Tom unfolded his arms and wordlessly followed going into the darkness with night vision blaring. Tom found one male leading while the other was behind him to a familiar door that resembled the gymnasium door as lights blared on making him blink his eyes. He looked behind him to see the room was the gymnasium. Tom continued to follow the guard out into the hallway taking a stairwell route up the stairs. He eyed doorways reading the signs indicated numbers to him as they passed them seemingly lengthy. 
He frowned as the guard stopped at a door marked in lettering saying “Camp Don.”
Tom frowned seeing additional words were scrawled in handwriting next to the words.
He read as he reached the door saying “Males only females stay out.” 
He didn’t say a word as he was led inside to see a large room holding various bunk beds with some of them occupied by males. Some males were appearing to be sleeping while others were gathered around a table playing some card game and being noisy about it. He looked around the room as he followed the guard weaving among the bunk beds to stop at a door in the wall. Tom was told it was the facilities for expelling waste then led to another doorway. He saw inside was an open shower facility by men showering in there that ignored him and appeared to ignore others around them. He didn’t say a word as the guard led him to one corner of the room showing a set of mattresses he counted three of them were alone on the floor. One having some knickknack stuff piled on them that reminded him of children’s toys from the looks of them as two remained with just folded items on it along with a pillow on top. 
He eyed the guard who stopped walking and spoke while looking at him pointing at the bed with the folded items and a pillow on top “That’s for you to sleep as ordered by President. Don’t intrude onto people and their reasons for having stuff on their beds or touch them without their permission. Guards are responsible for their beds’ care for sleeping and whatever nourishment they need to keep themselves ready for serving President.”
Tom frowned as the guard kept talking “You’ll find that President doesn’t care if guards leave the Tower he dubs the building for visits to the city for any various reasons even if it involves nourishment as long as they do it when their not called into service.”
He sighed softly hearing the guard’s words as the male continued “I warn you that there’s a curfew on returning back here. It is at the time of nine o’clock at nighttime. That is when the Tower goes into lockdown keeping people from leaving and gaining entrance. The lockout ends eleven standard hours later at eight o’clock in the morning is when the Tower is open for people to leave and gain entrance for any various reasons.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and clamped it shut as the guard added “Also be warned that there’s a barter trading system in place among guards and servants, male or female doesn’t matter. It's you ask for something your expected to give something in return for acquiring that item you want. This barter system is only used among us guards and servants but not out there in the city. If you want something you have to use currency money dollar with various amounts to pay for the item’s acquiring.”
He kept his mouth shut eyeing the guard who met his eyes and continued “President has given you like everyone else here serving him for each Human standard month a money amount total in five hundred currency dollars for paying items needed. You’re responsible for the money amount you’re given for acquiring items you want from the city via use of hand print on scanners. I warn you that there are places in the city that do not accept hand prints as a way of paying money amounts. They do sometimes accept specialized cards will be used as a requirement. I also warn you that nothing in the city and in here is free without payment so keep that in mind now.” 
He bobbed his head as the guards he eyed walked away walking out of sight behind bunk beds. He went to the mattress as pointed out by a guard and adjusted the blankets and pillows putting them on it then laid his form down on the bed as if compelled to do it. Tom wound up grimacing from his back complaining of pain. He exhaled a breath and inhaled to shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. He kept his eyes shut when he heard the familiar snickering like laughter sounded along with a rumbling vibration on top of his chest along with pressure felt. 

End Book Two
