Tom's Adventures in Terra
Edenia Series
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The sun shined on planet with a machine like moon orbiting it that was home to the remains of the Elf species orbiting Earth. Inside in the space station, a shade opened revealing a male Human with long black hair, pale tan skin and a muscular physique. The male dubbing himself Jason despite sure it wasn't his name, stood watching the planetary world of Earth from his room on moon via window. Sighing Jason pulled on a black jumpsuit over his shorts and t shirt in white. He pulled his long hair back in a braid of his ancestry involving Humans. He left his room with the number two hundred on the door. The wall was again stuck with paper that was peeling and one peeled away from the wall on his way. Grumbling Jason grabbed it and gave a yank. It came apart from the wall forming a note to him.
He read "It's my love to me."
Jason felt disgust having to read that lovely note from patrons visiting the library posting about love. On the stairs was a mess of paper that Jason kicked as he walked down the stairs to as he passed by the library's rooms despite taking residence in the Luna stations' library quarters. The library had a big meeting room that had a big electric fireplace that gave up warmth that heated up the room. Grumbling Jason went to the Librarian's eating room the blue kitchen. In the blue kitchen, the librarian an Elf Human hybrid sat at a table reading calling himself Nonne with short black hair that was a little spiked was there drinking a familiar drink making him disgusted. He found Nonne as he wished to be called was habitually ignoring him entering the room and reading his familiar e-reader device. 
"Morning Librarian what's new?" asked Jason.
Nonne looked up and spoke "Morning Jason I have some business appointment with clients today that'll take me out of the library. Just keep it up with your cleaning job anyway."
Jason said "Hmph" 
Then he paused and asked "Who's the client you're talking to anyway?"
Nonne answered "No one special. Just some Elves-"
Jason interrupted "Just some Elves? After what they did to Earth and what happened as a result?"
Nonne spoke ignoring the outburst "The Elves expressed interests in brokering a peaceful dialogue with you Humans stinky as you are with that stinky smell of you."
Jason gave Nonne a glare who added "You're still stinky from the cleaners I can smell from you using when cleaning the library facilities. Yuck."
He kept the glare as Nonne gave up snickering like laughter as he ignored the hybrid and went to the fridge to pull out his protein drink sipping it up ignoring the male's laughing sounds.
Jason kept up the ignorance thinking to himself "Nonne will quit the jokey behavior and get to the point."
He found Nonne in response speaking as if addressing his thoughts "Of course I'll get to the point. My point is the Elves don't have a place to live other than this station and their warships in question. You Humans deadened Earth with that destruction you did to it. Yuck."
Jason rolled his eyes in response as Nonne gave up hysterical laughter to him again before clearing his throat and speaking "Anyway the books in kids section needs to be put back in order. Those kiddy Elves made a big mess of things. So finish up that drink and go do something about the mess."
Jason obeyed to groan softly as he left the eating room pitching his drink bottle onto the wall only to hear a loud clapping noise interrupting him. 
He glared with annoyance at the Elf clapping his hands who quit the noise to speak "Littering isn't proper around here. Clean up your mess now Stinko."
Jason ignored the insulting term involving his Human species went to the drink bottle and pitched it at the Elf who caught it one handed and got from the male snarling in response "Are you challenging me?"
He held up his hands fisted in response and made a come gesture only to see the Elf held up a familiar device in his hand. Jason grunted groaning from the pain of the implanted pain devices in his head giving him a headache and making him dizzy. He found his chest constricting in pain from pain devices implanted into there as he found himself lying on the floor back onto it while groaning loudly. 
Jason grunted and groaned from the pain as he heard a loud door slam including hearing "This won't do. I can't have this servant sick like this."
He breathe air deeply when he felt the pain of the devices quit to swing himself up with an acrobatic move in response to Nonne's voice and comment to jab a finger aimed at the Elf standing there with arms folded device spotted out of one hand. He ignored his Master to jog up the stairs to the kids' room where he found it in a mess as if a wind storm had blown through and knocked every book off the bookshelves including displays involving Ancient Earth smashed and knocked to the floor. Groaning Jason got himself to work putting the room back to order.

Jason once done putting the room back to order heard a whistle blowing noise he groaned softly from his body aching from the cleaning chore. He groaned as the whistle kept on blowing he knew it meant Nonne wanted him in the lobby room immediately. He ran out of the room down the stairs to the entrance to meet Nonne standing there that spat out his whistle hung by a chain and gave up a sound of disapproval. Jason sighed and ignored Nonne's noises as he heard ahem sounds to find three Elves standing in the lobby he grimaced inwardly seeing. Jason exhaled a breath to stand rigid attention with head bowed he spotted the Elves' lord and King dubbing himself The Ian unsure of what's with the name accompanied with his two faithful guards. He kept his mouth into a thin line and remained staring at the floor as Nonne was speaking his familiar spiel involving the library including introducing himself and him as caretakers of the library.
Jason kept his mouth shut as Nonne was heard "This Stinko here has called himself by the name of Jason unsure of what it means."
He ignored the insulting Elf term for human involving the smell of his species to the Elves as he heard ahem noises. 
Jason kept his head bowed as he heard "Jason say something to our leader and King the Ian now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak in a dead monotone voice "At your service, how may I help you?"
He felt a hand whack him onto the shoulder which he ignored as Nonne spoke "Ignore this Stinko and his words. He's supposed to say these words to anyone visiting the library. He's just repeating what's he's been ordered. Excuse him."
Jason groaned feeling the familiar pains hitting him refrained from groaning of pain loudly. 
He found himself lying on the floor again groaning softly from the pains as Nonne was heard "See here Sir! It was I who ordered him to speak his inappropriate words!"
Jason felt relief from the pains to swing himself up into an acrobatic move while finding two of the Elf guards pointing their staffs in his direction both crackling of electricity. 
Jason bowed his head and stared at the floor ignoring the noises as Nonne was heard "Jason is ordered to get up like that if you excuse my rudeness of not saying anything involving it."
He kept his head facing the floor as he heard a groan sounding of Nonne's voice followed by hearing blaring in his mind "Look at me now Jason!"
Jason obeyed hearing the voice of the Elf's King blasting in his mind him finding himself not afraid of the King and his all black eyes. He kept his eyes staring at the King as his guards quit the crackling of electricity via staffs as the Elf King stared at him back. Jason frowned feeling nothing in response to the staring till the King held up a familiar device and once again he found himself lying on the floor groaning in pain loudly. 
"That's for looking at me, Human." He heard from the King.
Jason again heard crackling of electricity from the guards' staffs only to hear a tut sound from the King as his pains quit leaving him lying on the floor gasping for breath. Jason forced himself to get up awkwardly while resuming staring at the floor.
He heard Nonne spoke "Something you want regarding this Human in question?"
Jason hissed a breath hearing the edge in Nonne's voice tone only to hear groaning sounds as if the King answered him mentally. 
He kept on staring at the floor as there was Nonne's groaning followed by hearing "I agree. He should be doing this job instead of stuck here as a librarian's assistance."
Jason exhaled another breath only to feel something like a chain manacle connect around his neck and jerked forwards into a thrusting move. He caught his balance as he felt a clawed hand appearing to be from the Elves' King touching his chin he grunted to avoid looking at the Elf King. He ignored the all black eyes of the Elves' King who appeared to be staring at his face via close scrutiny look. 
Jason didn't comment a response as the Elf King spoke "He'll do for the mission I have for him regarding the Humans on Earth as they call their planet. Odd name for a planet when it's mostly of water. Oceania would be a better name but Earth as they call it is not what I had in mind. Anyhow guards see this Human cooperates to where I plan to put him."
Jason groaned softly and found his chin freed along with thrust into a walking movement via chain manacle on his neck. He found himself leading the way guided into directions via guards hitting him from behind zapping him with their weapons and jerking the chain to make him go into directions. Jason felt annoyance take hold as he heard lots of respect comments from Elves and Hybrids towards the King he forcing himself to remain staring at the floor. He kept on staring at the floor as he found something resembling an airlock and found feet blocking his way. He stood waiting as he heard silence from the feet blocking him and the King. Jason frowned as there was a rattle of chain followed by jerked into a direction passed the airlock warning signs into a space shuttle. Jason didn't comment a response as he was thrust into a small coffin like box by the shuttle's crew and locked inside. He grunted an annoyed sound to look up finding Elves appearing to be the crew giving him glares of annoyance. He ignored the glares as they walked away out of sight darkening the room. Jason found his eyesight shifting into colors of purple seeing everything clear as daylight in the color purple to his shock. He frowned wondering what was going on with him as an Elf walked into sight holding a device in his hand appearing to be a flashlight. He found the Elf and body glowing a red color against the purple as indicating him a heat signature to him. Jason ignored the Elf sensed glaring at him via device followed by feeling thumping vibrations of the shuttle disengaged from the space station and felt himself floating inside the coffin banging into the walls. He found nothing to indicate floating via Elf who remained standing staring at him while waving a device over his body indicated it a scanner. Jason grunted from the banging into the coffin's walls as found himself sticking into the glass like glue via palms onto it and feet clad of shoes sticking to it. He found the stickiness remained as he glared at the Elf with annoyance running through him. Jason again felt the familiar weightless quit followed by the coffin going out of the warship in the sky of Earth he saw was blue colored. Jason grunted an annoyed sound and found air blowing into his coffin as if it was planet's air. He breathed deeply the air as his coffin fell into the ocean from the looks of it. He felt water filling into the coffin to his annoyance as he punch fists and feet onto the glass that refused to break. 
Jason heard blared in his mind "Quit resisting to that! We'll get you out!"
He quit the punching to feel the coffin maneuvered and then heard "Night Human!"
Jason passed out unconscious.

Jason came to hearing an alarm clock ringing loudly he jerking open his eyes and swinging himself up via acrobatic move. He grunted when he found himself naked of clothes revealing his muscular physique as he found himself facing a row of red hooded robed nine figures seated on stone chairs making him gulp. He gulped seeing the figures to recognize them as the mysterious High Council as dubbed despite not sure of his senses blaring warning to their presence. He eyed the High Council warily to see a female Elf walking in sight that had all black eyes and blonde straight long hair and wearing skimpy bikini like clothing that began doing some odd dancing in front of him. He frowned feeling confused to her dancing that involved her stripping herself of her clothes in front of him making him annoyed along with folding his arms. Jason kept the glare as there was a loud tut sound which made the female Elf quit her dancing followed by her picking up her clothes and walking out of sight. He tracked her going into a cave entrance via the room appearing to be a large dimly lighted cavern to him. He smelled the ocean air to his annoyance as he glared at the mysterious High Council. 
Jason didn't have long to glare as the female Elf came back clad in her familiar bikini and holding a tray holding cloth on it he ordered "Put them on." by her.
He obeyed to put on the black jumpsuit that was appearing to be twin to his jumpsuit he wore on the space station as he glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him. He kept the glare as the female walked away carrying the tray. 
He heard chattering in his mind "Yes he'll do as the assassin. He passed the test. He'll have to do as willed by our Gods."
Jason kept his mouth into a thin line and didn't comment a response to hearing the chattering voices sounding in his mind he ignored. He glared at the motionless High Council that remained seated covered in their blood red robes with hoods followed by the female Elf returning and ordering him to follow her. Jason obeyed to follow her into the cave's entrance he saw led to a hallway made out of stone. He frowned as he smelled salt air of the ocean to his confusion as the female led him up multiple stairs he finding himself annoyed to follow. Jason kept his mouth into a thin line and followed the female lengthy till she halted once arriving to a set of metallic doors having a beeping console in it. He didn't comment a response as the female waved a wrist clad bangle onto the beeping console followed by the doors opening showing a small room to his confusion.
He got told "Take the elevator to the city and follow orders now."
Jason obeyed to go inside the elevator finding the female not following and found the doors shutting closed in response. He grunted an annoyed sound as the elevator instead of going up went down with a fast jerk followed by filling of water that seemed salty to him to his annoyance. He grunted an annoyed sound as the doors open followed by the elevator filling up of ocean water making him swim out into the ocean. Jason saw the elevator was at the bottom of a sandy ground ocean highlighted by the sun shining overhead. He swam around eyeing the elevator to see it was only a rock with an opening sitting in the bottom of the ocean. He felt urged to breathe swam up towards the surface to gasp for air once he broke through the water. 
Jason gulped for air breathing deeply as he heard sounds of banging including hearing "Get out of the pool now!"
He grunted as the ocean depths became shallow as his waist followed by standing in the middle of a pool appearing to belong to a fountain to his annoyance. Jason found guards two of them banging onto their shields with their swords and trying to get his attention. He growled an annoyed sound and waded towards the guards to get out of the fountain only to find the males appearing to be Elves putting chains onto his wrists via manacles and yanking him away. He looked around finding himself in some palace of stone via the looks as he again smelled ocean air. He ignored the smell as the guards got him inside the palace he forcing himself to pay attention to where he was going. Jason grunted from the pulling by the guards trying to pull his arms out of his sockets despite forcing him to walk in front of them backwards. He kept the glare as the guards got him through a doorway followed by knocked to kneel. Jason heard a loud ahem sound behind him in a bored voice tone. He adjusted his position to look finding an Elf female wearing a blue skin tight jumpsuit seated at a throne chair accompanied by guards in the room. Jason forced himself to look down as if drawn as the female had a crown on top of her head and a cold calculating look in her face. He ignored her staring at him lengthy till she gave up a loud tut sound. He grimaced as there was the familiar zapping of electrical staffs heard behind him along with feeling pain in the back of his head till there was darkness overtaking him. 

Jason grunted feeling himself on horseback shaking sleep from his eyes. He felt the horse was running in a fast jog as he shook sleepiness from his eyes. He found the familiar ocean scent wasn't there as he found the horse was on a horseback path alone appearing to be following a destination. Jason heard silence in the forest appearing to look overgrown with bushy trees on both sides of him. He found himself freed of the manacles around his wrists to grunt an annoyed sound and grabbed the reins of the horse who ignored him and kept on galloping on the path. He held onto the reins with annoyance running through him finding the path on the sides appeared to be overgrown ivy bushes covering walls to him. He looked around and up finding nothing but greenery all around him blocking his view as the horse kept on galloping. Jason kept his mouth into a thin line and kept his hands' onto the horse's reins finding the animal was appearing to be guided by something mysterious he not sure what. He found the greenery ended by a big field of greenery grasses appeared into sight followed by the horse quitting its gallop to go to a bush and munch onto it ignoring his efforts to make it gallop some more. 
Jason grunted out "Move!"
He found the horse refused to budge from the bush instead remained next to it munching away. He felt annoyance take hold got off the horse while still holding onto the reins only to feel the animal yank it out of his hands followed by resuming running into the familiar greenery tunnel out of sight. Jason made a motion to follow the horse only to see a block of stone fall into entrance blocking his way. He felt annoyance take hold gave up a loud Hmph sound and took a look around at the field seeing something shiny in the distance. Jason found his eyesight refused to show him what that shiny object was despite squinting at it. 
He sighed and felt a compulsion to move towards the shiny object's direction obeyed despite thinking to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
Jason heard nothing in answer to his question proceeded to go to the shiny object shining in the sun.

Jason reached the shiny object he saw was belonging to the Elf's King seated in a chair holding a mirror in front of him. He grunted an annoyed sound as the guards forced him to kneel in front of the King despite grimacing from the pains of multiple guards appearing out of hiding places in the field to attack him with their weapons including tearing at his clothes with their knifes. He grunted an annoyed sound once kneeling in front of the King who put aside the mirror he glared with annoyance running through him. Jason kept the glare of annoyance within him despite protocol required him to not stare at the King via eyes which he proceeded to do despite annoyed. He kept the glare as the King gave up a tut sound followed by forcing his head bowed down he kept his eyes onto the ruler. 
He glared as the King spoke "It's not polite to stare."
Jason gave up a spit sound in response but remained glaring at the King who shrugged Human style followed by speaking "Actually your fighting stinks. Such as the test I had thrown you into against my guards."
He again gave up another spitting sound in response as the King spoke "Didn't you learn anything involving fighting hand to hand combative art hmm?"
Jason spoke in response with anger in his voice tone "Combative art is useless."
He felt the familiar pains hitting him to find himself lying on the ground groaning of pain loudly. He felt relief once the pain quit to swing himself up via acrobatic move only to get forced to kneel by the guards again as he kept the glare. He heard a faint roaring noise sounding within his mind he figured was the King roaring angrily in his head as he kept the glare. 
The King spoke "Hmm, aren't you going to let that noise in your head be quiet hmm?"
He heard the roaring in his head figured what the King was talking about involving the noises of his mind blaring his anger. Jason allowed the roaring to come into his mind finding silence instead of noises to his confusion. 
He glared at the King who spoke "Interesting eyed look you're displaying with that evil eyed look of yours. Hmph."
Jason didn't comment a response instead kept the glare as the King spoke again "Anyway will that sinister presence away from you now, Jason as you wish to be called."
He obeyed to hear the familiar roaring within his mind despite not sure what the King meant evil eyed look and thought to himself "I'll look in a mirror and see for myself."
Jason grunted feeling a fist connect with his stomach breaking his thoughts as the King held up his familiar mirror and thrust to a guard jabbing a finger towards him. He grunted as the guard thrust the mirror into his face he glared with annoyance seeing his left side had a knife cut scar on the area that made him annoyed to see. Jason ignored the scarring to focus onto the mirror finding his eyes were a creepy human black looking and his skin he thought was tanned was actually a pale Human color. He found his eyes turned golden human looking after willing forwards Sinister as the roaring presence the King dubbed. He looked away after willing aside Sinister and kept the glare onto the King. 
Jason didn't comment a response as the King spoke "I have a mission for you to do Mindbender as the High Council refer you."
He grunted out a spitting sound only to find the King holding up a laser device and shining it into his eyes he grunted seeing images filling his eyes as if seeing via eyesight. Jason found the images filling in his mind appeared to be memories and not imaged by the laser. He kept on seeing the images in his mind to recall that his name was originally Tom but the High Council got him named Mindbender. He kept on recalling as if compelled that Edenia with her moon orbiting planet Shadan now called Aire, with help of planet Aire's natives kicked out the High Council and servants including him via space ships after one thousand Shadan years aka ten Human years of orbiting planet Aire. He recalled with annoyance running through him that the space ships were the remains of the natives of the Annoyov Barack Station left littering Aire and forced the High Council to left planet bound to elsewhere. As he realized his name was Tom not Jason glared at the elf's King he recalled as if compelled was a descendant of Ajax via mating through a Highlander female and appeared to have inherited Ajax's mental abilities but not his longevity. Tom kept the glare with annoyance running through him he recalled he wasn't permitted to say goodbye to Victoria who remained on planet Aire as the High Council ordered him to come with them via space ships. Tom continued to recall as if compelled that the Highlanders kept their Highlander name but officially called themselves Elf or Elves to other species they met in space when traveling via rag tag group of space vehicles till they arrived to Earth and began an invasion that was successful.
Tom found the laser quit flaring into his eyesight as he glared at the King who spoke "The High Council expects results in this fight from you Mindbender. So return to your horse now."
Tom got up without a word and found the guards thrusting him away towards the field he grunted annoyed sound recalling his Berserker side kept away and not in control as he again went through the gauntlet.

Tom once reaching the greenery tunnel sighed finding the familiar horse was back but the tunnel's entrance was still shut. He swung himself onto the horse only to find the animal galloping on the field as he found guards' hidden coming out of their hiding places to proceed to attack him with their weapons despite he forced to defend himself. Tom recalled his training as an assassin in Shadan's Great Britain found a sword attached to the horse's saddle and proceeded to use the weapon. He found himself recalling his moves involving it to fight his way back to the King only to get compelled to get off the horse and kneel in front of the ruler. He felt annoyance take hold as one guard got a hold of the horse's reins he notice as he glared at the King. 
Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line and didn't comment a response as the King spoke "Interesting. You kept them all alive instead of killing them. Care to explain that attitude hmm?"
He shook his head refusing to answer till a guard whacked the back of his head. 
He spoke in response "I made an oath that I wouldn't kill-"
Tom was interrupted "An oath to her who abandoned you in your hour of your need?"
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to glare at the King who added "She made an oath to you but didn't bother to keep it at your hour of your need. So get back onto the horse and resume the gauntlet now."
He obeyed despite disagreeing with the King. Tom found his mood bad again as he used the weapon of sword while on horseback to kill multiple guards till the animal galloped back to the King as if compelled. He found himself having to again fight multiple guards this time killing them including using his Berserker side in control to keep them dead on a permanent basis. Tom found the horse halted once reaching the King as he kept the glare or annoyance running through him. He found the King's guards got him off the horse followed by resuming kneeling onto the ground with head forced into a bow position as he kept his eyes onto the King. He heard a loud tut sound from the King in response only to get his head pushed down into its further bowed position blocking his view. Tom shifted his eyes onto the ground and found his head forced to look up which he kept his eyes onto the ground. He ignored the King sensed scanning him via mental mind walking powers as he eyed the ground. Tom found his Berserker side in control willed it aside as he kept his eyes onto the ground. 
He kept on glaring at the ground lengthy and waited as the King spoke "Sages knock him out now."
He felt his familiar sleepiness feeling involving Meritanians hitting him shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Tom recalled fully with disgust running through him. Tom entered the gym he owned from his winnings as a former World Karate Champion involving fighting. He saw Xavier who smiled that smile which made Tom groan for Xavier was forever trying to set up dates with him and a female. That despite telling Xavier he was married to Victoria Montreal who refused to buy that explanation instead kept on trying to hook him up with females. Xavier pointed to a woman with cleavage and bodybuilder like arms who was wearing purple bike pants and a purple sports top. Her arm muscles bulged as her chest heaved from pulling up two large sized dumbbells in both hands. Tom rolled his eyes as he went toward the men’s locker room to his office where he changed in a gray tank top shirt and black bike shorts. Then he went out to stretch his limbering himself. Then he picked up dumbbells and was pulling them up and down with his arms. While he was doing that he noticed the female was doing tumbling poses on the mats in the back of the gym in front of the mirrors. Twice he caught her staring at him through the mirrors and her giggling. 
Tom satisfied that he had enough walked over towards the girl with his towel in hand; he spoke "Hello I notice you staring at me."
Startled she looked up and said "What?" in a monotone voice which Tom recognized that she was deaf from Jinks' teachings involving the deaf world. 
Tom repeated what he said again. 
The female introduced herself, "I'm Arana Jorge sister of Xavier Jorge my brother around here and I'm deaf."
Tom felt himself getting hard from looking at her and he wondered why Xavier was hooking him up with his sister.
Tom spoke "I'm Tom Thunder."
She stared and said "Is the World Karate Champion a relative of you?"
"Nope he's me." He spoke feeling annoyed with Arana's question as she spoke "Interesting meeting you."
He frowned as she got up and held up her hand in some handshake method which he shook hands with her. Tom felt annoyance take hold as he heard Xavier's chuckle sounding within vicinity of the gym room ignored by Arana who kept on staring at him with a scrutiny look. 
He ignored her scrutiny to speak “That’s okay. Want help with some weights?”
Arana replied “Yeah, I could use the help.”
Tom didn't know what possessed him but he wound up enjoying the fun of helping Arana with weightlifting. He noticed that her workout clothes hugged her curves making his mouth water multiple times he stared at her. Her hair brunette hair was put in a pony tail. He helped her with some weights till it was lunch time then she kissed him on the cheek and touched him thru the shorts, where no female including Victoria had bothered to had touched him before with a squeeze then she went to the woman’s locker room and came out wearing jeans and a T-shirt. She waved bye and left the gym. Tom stood where he was with a towel in his hand and heard Xavier’s chuckling laugh. He shot him a glare and went to the showers to cool off and clear his mind. 

Tom recalled with disgust that Arana pursued him heavily like a stalker despite repeatedly telling her off to go to someone else. He continued to recall with disgust that he had an argument with Victoria about Arana.
He recalled Victoria snarling "You got a girlfriend Tom!"
Tom recalled the argument he saying "I don't have a girlfriend but a stalker-"
He was interrupted "She's your girlfriend!"
Tom recalled further that Victoria kept up the girlfriend accusation onto him which made him storm out of their residence apartment to walk into the elevator followed by taking it outside into the snowy mess of a snowstorm to stomp into the snow. He recalled he walked aimlessly ignoring where he was going till he reached his familiar building he stayed in his one room apartment and got compelled to go inside.
Tom recalled snarling "Meritanians you stinkers."
He heard snickering like laughter in his mind in response as he went up the stairs back to his familiar apartment to ring the doorbell only to find Arana answering the door that jumped onto him kissing him on the lips. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Arana got him inside the apartment he compelled to carry her inside and slammed the door with a bang sound. He felt annoyance take hold as he peeled off Arana off of him followed by her stripping her clothes till she was naked and trying to take his pants off. He gave up resistance to that stripping only to feel his Berserker side urged to be in control. Tom obeyed finding Arana ignored his Berserker's side and kept trying to strip him of his pants. He was forced to mentally give the death order towards Arana after finding she resisted to his down command. Tom found himself back into the High Council's presence soon after that he disgusted to be there. He recalled fully the High Council used a recording of his voice speaking words of loyalty towards them in his presence.
Tom recalled with disgust that the High Council ordered "You're to come with us to travel off planet Aire in the regions of space as it's called. We have managed to declare you dead to the First Ones in the process of transporting you to us now."
He recalled further with disgust that the High Council hid the reason why they were going off planet blabbed by Tank blaring it in his mind "The High Council is being kicked out of Aire by Edenia and her minions' planet side that ordered it. They were given a choice either be kicked out of planet to travel elsewhere or be permanently disbanded. They choose to leave which you as their favored servant are going with them. Bid Aire and Victoria goodbye now."
Tom recalled nothing else further in mind as he surrendered to the darkness hitting him to dream a dream a memory. 

Tom recalled at his quarters after a lengthy hour day’s work at the library, Tom changed out of his jumpsuit into a pair of shorts and a T-shirt in his bedroom in the quarters, which was with the other numbered bedrooms. He walked out and went to the eating room finding Nonne there at a first meeting who gave up a sniffing sound followed by giving off an ugh comment.
Nonne said rudely "So it's you at the office this morning."
Tom stared and said "So?" 
His question never got an answer when the King came into the room making Nonne stand up sputtering.
Tom saw the King looking around and asking him "Where's this hybrid freak by the name of Nonne?"
Tom sighed and gestured pointing a finger towards Nonne who kept his eyes eyeing the ground as the King he saw appeared to be staring at the hybrid with eyes narrowed and widening.
Tom didn't have long to wait as the King spoke to him "Get out of the room now Human."
He obeyed to stand near the desk angry about not able to take his drink for his meals a diet he was on. He found the King came out and slammed eating room's door shut and went out of the library. 
A furious Nonne came out and yelled "You bastard! How dare you take away my job?!"
Tom could only stare at Nonne who ran up the stairs going to the quarters for the Librarian which he groaned and without a word went to the eating room to sip his drink. He found Nonne didn't come back groaned softly and without a word finished his drink and went out to the quarters' where they were up the stairs. 
Tom spoke out loud ignoring that he could be heard "Damn you Elf King! You hurt Nonne's feelings! Hence he is throwing a hissy fit onto me!"
Tom rolled his eyes and went upstairs to his room to change. He found Nonne laughing in his room. Tears were streaming down his face and he was appearing to be smiling while eyeing a e-reader device. He groaned softly to knock onto the door waiting as Nonne quit his laughing to give him a glare. 
Tom spoke “I found it funny too.” 
He found Nonne ignored him in response as he went into his room to grab his e-reader from the drawer and found a female Elf in his room looking out the window with her back to him. He dropped his e-reader loudly onto the floor as she turned around. He saw her looking at him with a familiar glare making him look down. He heard the female giggling as she opened the window's shade and looked out. 
Tom ignored her to pick up his e-reader and heard from her "Strip your clothes now." 
He looked to see her chest bare as she stripped herself out of her clothes he didn't protest to do the same. Tom was surprised to see that her breasts looked realistic like Human breasts.
He wound up ordered by the female saying "Do what you want."
Tom found the female lying her naked form onto the bed and staring at the ceiling which he stripped himself of his clothes and then without a word got himself on top of her. He found himself itching to lick her nipples and sucking onto her breasts despite her giving off loud hissing sounds of displeasure. Tom found she gave up a sound of disapproval when he went lower than her navel looking twin to a Human to figure out that she didn't want him to touch her below the area. He resumed his form on top of the female and didn't protest as her hands touched his cheeks including his scarred cheek him not aware that he had it at the time. Tom entered the female finding she was twin to a Human from the feel of his private inside her but felt like he was mating with a tube via the feel. He felt her private appeared to feel cold and hard to him including too tight for him to thrust fully inside her up to the hilt. Tom thrust in and out of her till he spilled himself inside the female while hearing her giving off a hiss sound of disapproval.
Tom ignored the hissing sound to get ordered "Get off of me now!" 
He obeyed to throw himself onto the bed while staring at the ceiling as the female with another hiss left the room carrying her clothes she putting on in the hallway and stomping off. Tom felt annoyance take hold via the mating as he went to his clothes putting them on and left his bedroom going to the private lounge room with his e-reader intending to sit and read. He found a scene in the room shocking him when he peered via doorway open. He found Nonne and the female were busy kissing in the lounge room with the hybrid having his hands on her breasts as if fondling them. He came in unheard and saw them with disgust hitting him then he ran out towards the kids' lounge room intending to sit only to meet guards belonging to the King standing there. He got ordered to get inside which he obeyed finding the King inside that gave up a tut sound. 
Tom found himself forced to kneel in front of the King as the ruler spoke "So the mating how was it?"
He said "I hope you mind me for telling you this, I just saw the female and this hybrid in the private lounge room kissing via mouth to mouth and you should see where his hands are on her she appearing to agree to it."
He got another ahem sound from the King which he groaned and spoke “Ugh what does Nonne a hybrid see in that female who’s said to let me take control mating wise only to hiss of disapproval when I went to do something involving kissing her breasts?"
He saw the King glaring at him while giving off "Anything else?" 
“What?” he asked
Tom frowned as the King replied “Do you think this female got this way mating wise as her job other than her noises of disapproval she used onto you?"
Tom inhaled a breath and spoke in response "I don't even know the answer to that question. I assumed it's an Elf thing involving being kissed on the breasts."
He got whacked onto the back of his head as he gave the guard a glare in response. He found the female entering the room still clad in her clothes with Nonne trailed her with snacks and refreshments on a tray he smelled food.
He grunted as Nonne spoke to the King "Greetings your majesty." 
The King he heard returned the greeting with sarcasm “Hello Nonne as you wish to be called.”
Nonne he saw came and put the refreshments and snacks on a table and walked to join them.
"So Nonne what were you and female doing in the lounge room kissing?" asked Tom laughingly.
Nonne he saw stared at him before turning bright pink color on his skin and got from the male addressing the King "Do you believe what he's babbling about?"
Tom frowned as he eyed the King who spoke "Duh, tut."
Nonne rolled his eyes and said "Idiot."
Tom glared at Nonne with annoyance running through him as the hybrid spoke "Me and Sarai kissing? Please! Man this Stinko is nuts!" 
Angrily Tom made a movement to get up only to get zapped onto the back via the guards' sticks as he glared at Nonne who gave up hysterical laughter.
Tom yelled "Nonne!"
He was interrupted by the King speaking tut followed by adding "We’re supposed to have fun. Not to be mad at each other." 
And he picked up a drink and threw it into Nonne's face which Tom saw splashed over the hybrid and his clothes like water. 
He frowned from commenting a response as the King added "So amuse me Human with a dance now. Have Sarai teach you something if you don't know how to dance."
Tom saw that only Nonne appeared to have enjoyed having Sarai teach him some dancing moves that involved them both getting each other into a kissing ritual. He found himself sulking while again forced to kneel onto the floor bored to tears with Nonne and Sarai getting kissy faced onto each other. For a while he and the King eyed them both he glancing up from the floor repeatedly ignored by Sarai and Nonne again getting into another kissing ritual. 
Tom found the ritual of kissing resumed by the King getting up and speaking "I'm getting out of here then I'm going to travel my rounds. Anybody is welcome to come along." 
Tom found himself forced to come with the King out of the kids' lounge room to travel to the lobby room where the ruler turned on a computer and tapped some keys. He found himself forced to watch more of a kissing ritual between Sarai and Nonne who were speaking he disgusted to eavesdrop.
Sarai saying "I'm glad I met you. That Human was being a total bore. He wasn’t good in bed."
It made him give off a disgust sound only to feel a hand clamped over his mouth as Nonne spoke "Jason was a boring Stinko to hang around. He is not very pretty as you." 
Saying this he saw them both get into a mating ritual involving lying onto the floor followed by Nonne seen entering her once pants were adjusted and thrusting in rhythm. Tom felt disgust seeing that ritual followed by noticing Sarai kept her hands onto Nonne's face and was busy staring at him via eyes. He found the mating ritual done by Nonne pulling out and adjusting his pants showing his sensitive part twin to his but on the smaller size and putting his pants to cover it. 
Tom found the King cut the computer visual and heard from a guard speaking "I spot something suspicious in the library on the floor over there."
Tom was unable to look over as the King said "Your right there's something over there."
He found what the King meant as in hauling him into the lobby's entrance and told "Good Luck on catching it."
Tom frowned to hear a loud meow sound to find a cat sitting in the hallway him groaning softly to see. He found himself chasing the cat all over the hallway despite it contained in there and kept on making noises that sounded like cat snickering to him. Tom found the cat gave up resistance to being picked up when he cornered it. The cat kept on trying to chew his hands he neared them to the animal and kept on trying to bat them away. Tom felt annoyance take hold when he grabbed the cat via the tail only to see it change into a rattling snake via the looks making him drop it and stomp his foot on top of it in a fast move as he heard silence from the animal. 
"What is it that gonoid?" He heard loudly via the King in the hallway. 
He saw the animal was a cat and not a snake he found was bleeding via eyes and indicating blood via ears to his confusion. 
He looked up towards the King and said "It's a cat and it's barely alive. Oh how are suppose to help it?"
Tom found the King added in his compelling voice tone "There's no one around."
He blinked his eyes to find another voice spoke "You forgot me." 
Tom looked at the direction of the voice came from and was surprised to see Nonne standing there with disapproval on his face and the King still in sight still glaring at him.
Tom recognized Nonne's hand signal of that the King shouldn't be acknowledged faced him and said "Yes something I can do for you, Nonne regarding this animal?” 
Nonne spoke in response "Just throw it in the refuse since its dead."
Tom found Nonne's words were true indicating the cat dead which he went to the refuse chute and tossed it inside with regret through him. Tom fell asleep as in a trance while on Earth from the memory of staying on the station. In his trance dream he was in a forest full of snow. He could feel some heat coming from his feet to the tips of his head. 
A white animal he recognized as a wolf without Humanity met him and stood up changing into a Human form of a male wearing animal skin clothes and wolf like eyes speaking "Thank you for returning to Terra what she needs." 
Tom spoke questionably "Who are you? What are you thanking me for? I just went through a gauntlet of killing people."
The male he recognized as an Amula spoke "I am the spirit of Terra who cries for blood to be spilled onto her soils."
Tom wondering said “What do you want?
The Amula said "I want nothing from you but to tell you this...."
The voice trailed off and started again. "Before you came to Terra with your blood sacrifice of thanks I told the evil ones who try to destroy me that that her sons will bring trouble. One will be one of Terra but isn't born of Terra. It is you who will bring order to the balance of blood to Terra to restore her."
Shocked Tom said “Whoa!"
 The Amula told him "As I tell you this you in time will be my revenge for I have chosen you to avenge me because of evil ones' ways that I don't agree with." 
Tom said "But why?”
The Amula said "In time you'll know and so will your masters the Evil Ones that Terra demands blood to be made."
Saying this, dream faded away and Tom found himself sitting on a horse galloping with night vision running through him as he heard mentally in his mind "Mindbender! Are you going to stay out there all night?! Try to find a tree to take your weight and ignore the horse! There are vampires traveling around feeding off their bloody lusts onto manoids traveling at night!" 
Tom sighed hearing the voice of Walls he recognized blaring in his mind as the horse led him to a tree as if compelled. He sighed and climbed off the horse onto the tree and climbed the branches using acrobatic training to reach the tallest branch followed by sitting leaning back against the trunk with sleepiness hitting him again making him annoyed as he again fell unconscious.

Tom came to smelling an eater fire that got too much to his nose. He coughed himself awake only to realize the tree he was in was on fire which he quickly darted down the branches. He darted to the lower branches to use acrobatic gymnastics to flip himself out of the tree to land onto the ground safety onto his feet. Tom grunted when he felt himself hit from behind he hearing growling noises. He grunted as he felt the familiar pain of being sucked by the Airens hitting him he realized he was only clad in a t-shirt and shorts and had bare feet he didn't notice while on the horse. Tom grunted finding the mouths of the Airens he figured were the vampires refused to budge getting off of him despite his efforts. He found the vampires seemingly were sucking him of his blood as he blinked his eyes to find a wolf standing in the bushes watching the scene ignored by the vampires. Tom grunted as the vampires kept their sucking as he eyed the wolf as if drawn to find the wolf's eyes glowed a golden color he found himself in a trance to focus as if drawn. Tom found himself out of his body like he was asleep, but in his mind he was dreaming of being in a snowy forest and saw the familiar wolf who spoke to him.
Tom found himself understanding every word "Thank you for your blood sacrifice. Your payment is being paid for that now." 
Tom spoke in response "Is the vampires' sucking something I should do for you in return for killing manoids?" 
The wolf spoke in response "No, you will avenge Terra and her fury. For you have been chosen for this mission from the Evil Ones."
Tom spoke "What do I tell them as you refer as Evil Ones of this?"
The wolf spoke "You'll tell only the chosen one Victor as he's named, for he will know the reason why when the time comes and he'll tell you what you must do for Terra."
And the spirit of the wolf let his mind as he found daylight blaring in his eyes he grimaced from the sunlight blaring. Tom lay awake wondering if it was a dream but he had a feeling that it wasn't and remained lying on the ground till the familiar horse came into view and chewed onto his hair heavily. 
Tom spoke in response "I'm up!"
He got up in response and found himself still clad in his clothes but grimaced from the pain of the bites. Tom found his Berserker side kept away from his pained form. He forced himself to get onto the horse and allowed the animal to have its head galloping away into the forest jungle. Tom found the Meritanians kept blaring at him at nightfall to get onto a tree to stay for his safety. He obeyed to sleep in a tree only to get smoked out of them via burnings of eaters and again sucked by the vampires to his disgust as he found himself passing out unconscious.

Morning came and Tom woke up via horse chewing onto his hair. He got up and found bags of items next to him on the ground including the earth indicated of burials to him. Tom recalled fully the Airens' dislike towards the sun and hating being in it. He went to each burial ground to dig them up despite resistance done by vampires in them that kept on digging themselves further inside the ground. Tom found the horse again chewing onto his hair as the sun shined high above him. He changed clothes via the bags finding clothes twin to raggedy sweats and went to the horse to get onto it. He again rode the horse with nobody in sight on his travels during the daylight hours. He forced himself to seek out a path in the jungle including paying attention to the signs of where he was going. Tom found once the sunset he forced himself still groaning of pain to get into a tree using awkward acrobatics to land onto the branches above and again slept. This time his tree was ignored and not smoked to his relief. Tom once the sunlight or sunrise blared onto him woke up and went down the tree finding the horse no where in sight to his annoyance. Tom looked around and spied a note of paper stuck to the tree. He walked over to the note and he read it. It was for worshipping a god named Nightwalker and the note included directions to a city for the temple. Tom heard the bushes of a nearby tree rumble to indicate someone in there. He eyed the note and the tree warily to find an armored Souler with the feeling of friendliness hitting him came into sight to land in front of him. 
Tom held up his hand and spoke as if compelled to the Souler "Good morning, I'm going to Nightwalker's temple. Would you show me the way or you like to come along?"
Tom frowned as he heard from the Souler in response "You care to do something about that temple as in disapproving this Nightwalker as a god hmm?"
He lowered his hand hearing the sarcasm from the Souler as he jabbed a finger at the sign on the tree and spoke "Where can I find sanctuary from vampires sucking onto me other than trees other than that note stuck to the tree?"
Tom frowned as the Souler in a fast speed move grabbed the note and ripped it off giving off a loud "Drat that bastard!"
He spoke as the Souler ripped up the note "What am I supposed to be doing while stuck in this planetary world at the moment?"
"An off worlder" he heard from the Souler who added "You don't smell like Terra and her natives from the stink of you."
Tom spoke "Since I'm stinky what else do you detect smarty?"
He grunted feeling a fist connect with his stomach as the Souler did in a fast blurring speed move followed by standing with arms folded appearing to be glaring at him. 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to wave a clawed hand in the Souler's direction finding the male giving off a sound of disgust and speaking "The name is Victor one of the guardians of Terra against the off world visitors involving the vampires and the Evil Ones. You from the smell of you indicated of being accepted by Terra despite her efforts to reject visitors."
Tom willed aside the Berserker to glare at Victor who added "I know of a city where you can get sanctuary from the vampires. It'll require traveling via tree to tree including swimming in rivers. Vampires don't care for either one of them as long as they get their bloody lust fed."
Tom exhaled a breath to hear a horse whiny sound to found two white horses came into sight from the bushes he sighed seeing. 
He frowned as Victor he assumed was the Souler's name who added "Horseback is fine but it'll mean once the sun touches the horizon to be into a tree to avoid the vampires."
Tom didn't comment a response instead got onto a horse bareback as Victor did the same. He allowed Victor to lead the way through the forest jungle the male indicating he knew where he was going. Tom found at sun touching the horizon Victor and him getting off the horses and getting into trees as the animals darted away running out of sight. He groaned softly once the sun quit shining to show night vision of everything as purple he recalled the High Council adjusted his night vision via their experiments to see manoids as red colors while plants were purple and animals were shown as pink colors. He sighed and shut his eyes forcing himself to relax and sleep despite ignored by Victor he found was in another tree ignoring him. Tom once it was sunlight of sunrise got off the tree to land onto the ground walking towards Victor's tree. Walking thought the jungle he found Victor inspecting a tree that indicated of burnt marks of being burned by fire on it.
Tom felt his familiar friendly sense going off spoke "Hello Victor, How are you? And what's up?" 
Tom got silence from Victor followed by horse whining sounds to find the familiar two white horses came into view as the male spoke "Oh well what you two are here for? Not a lectures on tree climbing?"
Tom spoke blurting to his shock "I wanted to ask you about a spirit of a wolf an Amula."
Victor spoke "That's the same reason why I was compelled to come here. Crazy, few nights ago I had a dream of a wolf claiming to be the spirit of Terra's natives the Amula telling me to come to your location and find you." 
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as he heard faint howling noises to sigh from the noise. 
He sighed recognizing the noises as a wolf howling to find Victor going to the horses and getting onto one bareback and ordering him "Get onto a horse. It's a lengthy horse ride to the nearest city where there's safety from the vampires and those stinking Elves as they call themselves. Hmph!"
Tom didn't comment a response obeyed to get onto a horse and found the animal following Victor docile like on horse leading the way. He felt himself urged to remain on the horse despite feeling sore from the vampires' bites. They walked through the jungle in silence. Tom saw bushes covering areas that indicated of structures and multiple fires all over the place. He frowned as Victor led them both onto an overgrown road that appeared twin to a Human made road by the clopping noises the horses made onto it despite overgrown with grasses all over the place. Tom frowned as Victor led them both through the road taking a lengthy route including galloping onto it. He was surprised to see the structures were on the large side and appeared to be tall towering buildings that were ruined via an eater disaster. Tom didn't protest at sunset Victor got him and himself off the horses and went inside a structure via manipulating the door entrance. He found the structure was a house via the door manipulated and Victor shutting them into the darkness illuminated by his night vision. Inside was a living room with a loft that appeared to be a bedroom and a kitchen unit complete with a radio set on the table, in the living room. There was a corner bathroom in the corner with the door to the bathroom open. Tom spotted plants of grasses growing out of the bathroom via the floors including the walls. 
He grimaced as Victor spoke "Just be quiet and don't make a sound. The vampires won't know of us taking sanctuary here if we're quiet."
Tom sighed and found a couch raggedy and eaten partially by gonoids as he laid his form onto it. He heard scuffing sounds underneath the floor found Victor no where in sight to his annoyance. Tom ignored the sounds to shut his eyes only to feel something pressing on the back of the couch as if someone was trying to lift it up. He grunted and got off with an annoyed sound and moved the couch finding a door in its spot opening followed by a glare of a flashlight blaring onto him. 
Tom grimaced from the glare and didn't protest as he heard "Get out now!"
He ignored the voice speaking of annoyance via the flashlight's holder to find the male voice added "Victor where have you been?!"
He frowned as he found Victor in front of him blocking the flashlight's glare which he found it shut off followed by whispering "Get inside now!"
Tom used night vision to follow Victor down a ladder to underground him smelling a familiar smell involving coffee hitting his nostrils. He frowned as the male shut the door with a soft bang sound followed by locking it via electricity heard humming. He followed Victor underground to find a stone room with a radio and beds and smells of food coming from a stove. Tom frowned as the male turned on the lights illuminating the room and clapped Victor onto the shoulder who removed his helmet. He gulped when he saw Victor's face was Human and had all blue eyes and a shock of short blonde hair that looked twin to Trian the Hyperon hybrid that was left behind encased in the Hall of One Thousand Voices on planet Aire. 
Tom frowned as the male appearing to look old spoke "So who's your latest conquest you took off the vampires this time?"
He kept his tongue as Victor set aside the helmet onto a bed and heard "Just a victim the vampires were sucking too much. I can tell by the smell of him that he's ready to drop into bed asleep to heal."
Tom exhaled a breath as the old male spoke "Just pick a bed and sleep now."
He obeyed but found himself not inclined to sleep as the old male spoke "You can't sleep why is that?"
He spoke "I've have dreams involving a wolf spirit involving the species Amula."
Tom frowned as the old male gave up a cough followed by speaking "The Amula is a legend around these parts in North America. I haven't seen a hide or hair of them since I've taken residence here. It seems that Terra was communicating to you involving the Amula. The Amula are considered her ambassadors of the planet and trying to restore balance."
Tom heard from Victor "I don't understand or what the wolf spirit was talking about towards him here despite he's a visitor and not a native."
He saw the old man frown abruptly as Victor kept talking "Terra seems to have some kind of mark put onto him and appears to favor him but I'm not even sure of what are her plans for him."
Tom spoke "Wait a minute, one of the Elves told me of her story of her encounter with a wolf spirit. She said it was true but the other Elves didn't believe her and declared her a lunatic. What's up with that?"
The old man sighed loudly as he eyed him and heard "Victor, remember what Mother said to the two of us before she died?"
Victor answered "Yes"
Tom felt confusion hitting him spoke "Would you to mind telling me the whole story?" 
Both the old man and Victor exchanged a look as the male said “I'll tell the story, Victor. When I was young around barely teenager myself, Mother used to tell the three of us, my brother and sister , the spirit of the wolf story also involving skin walkers. People who could change their forms to Wolf from Human and back like changing skin. I and my sister Brittany believe the story but Mark who was like father didn't believe it at all. She told us about people having an ability to change into a wolf like a shape shifter called a skin walker. She told us that because she believes we were skin walkers."
He paused then spoke "About five years later we were at a sanctuary house in Wasilla, Alaska. Our parents were coming to pick us up but they never got there. The lady, Raya Ioniel god bless her soul, got a phone call from a friend who said both our parents were in a car accident caused of a driver avoiding a wolf on the road. Father was hurt paralyzed from waist down but Mother was badly hurt. " 
Tom found the old male had stopped speaking suddenly as it was pain full to go on which he figured to himself thinking "Victor must have something to do with him telling the tale like that."
He heard from the old male in response "We went to the hospital where our parents were. Mom was lying on a bed all covered up in with tubes and bandages that you couldn't recognize her. She asked to speak to the three of us alone. She told us she has seen the wolf spirit. She told Brittany to remain faithful to the forest. She told Luke to be faithful to the forest or the Darkness will use him for evil. But when it was Mark's turn she said you'll die a shameful death but you won't be alone for the one you marry will die with you. Death took her but her last words were bewaring the Darkness! Beware the Darkness will bring death!"
Tom frowned as he heard from Victor who asked “What happened to your father?"
He frowned as the old male spoke “He’s in a nursing home gone mentally ill. He still mourns our mother Cheyenne.”
Tom groaned softly hearing the old male's words to figure that he was mentally ill in his mind. He refrained from commenting a word as the old male got up and went to one of the beds to lie onto it and appeared to be asleep. He frowned as Victor without a word went to the old male to hold the male's hand in a gentle grip and waved him away from looking. Tom felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Tom found urges to wake up hitting him from an unconscious status. He grunted to roll over ignoring the urges till it got too much for him found himself lying on a couch and not the old male's bed. He grunted from the sunlight blaring onto his eyes from the open doorway Victor walking into sight going up to him. Sun was streaming in through the ivy covered windows as Tom got up from the couch. He adjusted the couch to find the familiar door was no where to be seen. Tom sighed and assumed that Terra was communicating with him via the dream as he followed Victor out of the house. Yawning Tom followed Victor to the familiar white horses again. He was sitting there riding and laid his form down onto the horse letting it carry him till a hand onto his shoulder woke him up. Tom found the urges to sleep blocked by the hidden hand touching his shoulder. He groaned and forced himself to remain awake letting Victor lead the way despite repeatedly giving the familiar hand shake onto his shoulder to keep him awake. Tom frowned letting his mind wander till he recalled Victoria as if compelled. He felt his sleepiness mood quit to his annoyance as he grumbled a memory of waking up in Jinks' residence with Victoria gone from the bed despite hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring. He recalled he went to the dining room finding Victoria typing away onto the laptop. 
She spoke "Morning Tom is Daddy out hiking again?" 
Tom recalling said "Yes he always do that hike in good or bad weather.” 
Tom recalled that Aire went through another change involving letting nature over take buildings and Humans finding ways of getting off planet to travel to other worlds. He recalled fully that a section of New York City involving Jinks' building and street got overgrown with nature and buildings destroyed as Humans abandoned the area and left it to elsewhere. Tom continued to recall that Jinks wound up hiking in the overgrown forest mess via the limits including central park despite meeting few Humans on the way who abandoned that section of the city and let nature overtake it involving Jinks' building. He recalled that Jinks got his wish to have his privacy hence his hikes through the forest covering his building and block around his street. Tom groaned softly from the memory.
He recalled Jinks arrived into the room and he asked "How's the forest?"
Jinks without his Lance Richard persona answered "Doing fine, never felt better."
After breakfast was over, Victoria remained typing onto the laptop as he went to the library to read one of her books. He found Jinks had gone elsewhere till he found himself transported out to hear car horns sounding loudly. Car horns were heard by Tom startling him to discover himself outside sitting in the porch of his residence with Victoria. He grunted from the memory of annoyance running through him as he spied below a red jeep had appeared to rear ended a black corvette with horns heard honking loudly. Tom recalled himself drove around in one of his vehicles a jeep with Victoria typing onto the laptop at his side. Tom recalled he thought about driving to the gym and decided against it. So he took Victoria to a mountain point where they enjoyed the view and forced her to abandon the laptop to kiss her onto the lips a lengthy kiss. He recalled grumbling that Victoria's lips left him to find her again typing onto the laptop to his annoyance. 
Tom kept on recalling his memories involving Victoria to think to himself "Jeez Victoria must you be obsessed with that laptop involving typing stories?"
He grumbled an annoyed sound as the horse was felt making a galloping movement along with rearing up to knock him off of it. He flipped himself onto the ground to find the sun was on the horizon and Victor no where in sight. Groaning Tom went to a tree he found indicated it could hold him and climbed onto it going up the branches via gymnastics moves till he reached the top. He sighed and leaned back shutting his eyes to grumble as his mind kept on replaying memories of his time with Victoria including her clone Yana Renova as long as Yana lived. Tom found himself put to sleep by the Meritanians saying their familiar comment of nighty night in his mind as he passed out unconscious.

Tom came to as if compelled to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. He jerked open his eyes to smell fire but found his tree not on fire as he peered down below to spot the vampires. He gulped seeing that they looked human looking but had pale skin and wearing raggedy clothes. 
Tom kept on watching as he found Victor appearing next to him via some ability to mentally yell at him triggering his Berserker side "Take off your clothes now! Their tracking you via that stinks of it!"
He groaned softly but obeyed and found Victor snatching them to fade from view as he naked peered at the vampires down below. He found them putting their torch lights onto a tree and stiffened as it burned. Tom found nothing in response to that burning as the tree caught fire followed by rain falling fast drenching him. He shivered from the rains falling to find it was a fast speed drenching. Tom sighed and forced himself to sit cuddling with the tree's trunk and branches despite chilled. He felt himself urged to sneeze groaned softly and gave up a sneeze sound. Tom frowned while stiffening as he peered below via his night vision to find the vampires highlighted in pink appearing to hear him. He grunted as they appeared to be busy trying to start another fire to his annoyance. Tom found the wetness all around him prevented that as he kept on sneezing repeatedly. He found slowly the sky changed from the color of night to red and pink despite his night vision blinking out. It was fascinating to watch the sky change colors as the vampires down below buried themselves into the earth via fast move. He grunted an annoyed sound as Victor made no appearance. Tom got up out of the tree and forced himself to walk away. 
A voice spoke out of nowhere said "Time of my helping you has ended. Farewell Tom" 
Tom groaned hearing Victor's voice hearing nothing more from the male as he kept on walking into the forest jungle forcing himself to walk despite naked. He forced himself to follow nature's signs involving structures and paths till sunset again. Tom found another tree this time had bags hanging off the branches after doing gymnastics to get onto them. He grunted an annoyed sound to peer into the bags finding one contained clothes that was appearing to be armor in black and a helmet twin to Victor's including a sword. Tom put on the clothes despite not having anything to wear. He found the armored clothes seemed to fit him snugly like a body suit involving a leotard for gymnastics. Tom found the shoes were slipper like shoes including feeling creep out on wearing the helmet but figured it was best to protect his head. He found his head was too big to fit the helmet so he dropped it back into the bag and took the sword belting it at the waist. Tom leaned back shutting his eyes only to come to smelling fire. He jerked open his eyes to discover the tree was on fire to his annoyance. Tom got out of the tree via gymnastics while pulling out the sword. He found vampires appearing in sight going towards him which he proceeded to swing the sword recalling his sword training. Tom kept on using the sword to fight off the vampires finding that they seemed slow and clumsy to him. He found himself able to stab the vampires via the chest right over the heart followed by bodies shriveling away into ants that ignored him. Tom went to another tree and used gymnastics to jump from tree branch to tree branch via trees. He kept it up finding himself landing onto porches that seemed strongly held despite giving off creaking noises. Tom kept on doing the gymnastics till he felt tired had an enough settled onto a tree and shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to from a dream finding himself urged to return to the tree where he found the clothes. He obeyed despite finding the tree looking burned and branches looking like it wouldn't hold him. Tom frowned as he took off the clothes and put them onto the tree branch including the sword. He still naked walked away tracking the structures while trying to find entrances inside them despite they appeared to be closed covered with irremovable ivy. Tom felt annoyance take hold when he felt a compulsion to go into a tree obeyed despite still naked. He leaned back as the light of the sunrise rose in the sky. Tom grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to get out of the tree walking into the forest jungle he finding structures covered by ivy that refused to budge moving. Tom felt annoyance take hold after seeing outside it began to rain the clouds were piling up. Tom groaned loudly as he saw already now the storm was getting worse. It was raining but now it was thundering and lightning flashed now and then. Tom forced himself to run through the forest in pain from the hail hitting him from above. He was blindly being knocked by trees that were in his way. He picked himself and kept running. Pain was all over his body from the bites of vampires bursting open again. He staggered towards a tree and lay down. The storm's hail and bites of vampires were hurting him that he lay moaning in pain. Tom groaned as he felt sleepiness hitting him along with a familiar Meritanian blaring in his mind speaking a familiar night comment. Tom passed out unconscious.

Tom remained asleep as the storm was getting worse as minutes pasted. He felt something like fur covering his body via an animal warming him abruptly. Tom remained asleep as if compelled warmed by the fur of an animal covering him. He passed out unconscious again.

The sun was shining when morning came waking Tom up from sleeping. He grunted an annoyed sound as he felt fur on top of him gone and he was still naked to his disgust. Tom got up with a fast move only to feel pain into his arm. He grimaced eyeing his left arm to gasp seeing something like a bandage in the area while hearing a faint beeping noise. Tom frowned to pull off the bandage finding it obeyed and showed a cut area indicating a knife wound. He heard the beeping noise getting softer which he followed finding on the ground covering with his black blood was a shiny material. Tom picked it up discovering it was a homing beacon the High Council would use in assassins' implanted into their arms. He felt annoyance take hold crumbled up the homing beacon finding it exploded into fire in his hand. Tom dabbed the fire onto the ground willing it away only to find the eater catching fire onto a tree and appeared to be spreading. He groaned softly and forced himself to walk away, away from the burning tree him smelling fire burning behind him. Tom walked away walking into the jungle only to smell fire still burning. He peered behind him to find the tree's fire had spread to another tree and from the looks of it appeared to be spreading quickly. Tom felt annoyance take hold as he walked into the forest feeling the fire onto his back despite walking and running away from it. He found the fire appeared to be following him despite not eating away onto bushes and trees like a sentient being. Tom sighed once he figured to himself that the fire was sentient. He went to the fire to frown eyeing it warily to find the eater formed a manoid shape in front of him that appeared to be studying him. Tom found himself warmed by the fire that was near him but remained an arm length away from him. He sighed and kept his mouth shut as the sentient fire appeared to be studying him followed by darting away he followed tracking via his senses. Tom found the fire soon managed to outwit him to lose his following. He groaned and forced himself to walk away and find shelter for the evening he spotted the sun was on the horizon. Tom found an ivy shelter forced himself to climb it onto the tree and sat leaning back eyes onto the horizon waiting for the evening hour to arrive. He didn't have long to arrive as evening arrived followed by night vision flaring in his eyesight. Tom looked around as if needing to do it to find pink coming into view he figured were vampires below him. He felt himself cold abruptly only to feel warmth hitting he confused to what it was. Tom frowned eyeing the pinkness as he found the vampires about three of them appearing to be tracking his sentient fire companion and walking away. He sighed softly and shut his eyes intending to sleep only to feel something like hands onto his side followed by falling out of the tree as if pushed. Tom crashed into the ivy with loud ripping sounds as he felt the hands quit their pushing to his annoyance. He grunted once he forced himself to land onto the ground via acrobatic move onto his feet. He heard roaring sounds only to hear howling noises sounding familiar along with spotting a familiar wolf sitting in the clearing staring at him. Tom frowned seeing the wolf appeared to be in purple color illuminated by pink eyes. He groaned softly as there were roaring noises to find bushes around him rumble followed by males he recognized as vampires via their pink colors came out with sneers and grins on their faces. Tom ignored the wolf sitting nearby him to recall his karate training and waited as the first vampire attacked him. He found himself able to fight the vampires and their efforts to bite him via karate kicks onto their fronts. Tom grunted as the vampires together charged at him which he fell into a perfect split ducking onto the ground to hear growling of frustration from the vampires. He rolled around and swung himself up finding the vampires were busy sucking onto each other and obvious that they missed him. He quickly as he could darted away into the bushes running onto the smack himself into a form appearing to be manoid with fur skin and colored purple despite unable to see who or what it was. Tom found the form pushing him onto the ground. He jumped up to look around finding himself appearing to be surrounded by forms appearing to be manoids including forms involving wolves. He felt pain in his neck felt something like sleepiness shut his eyes and fell to the ground falling unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling himself no longer naked but clad in clothes that suspiciously felt like his Shad clothes via leggings with tunic and slipper like shoes on his feet. He jerked open his eyes to the glaring sunlight and sighed loudly finding himself clad in his green Shad clothes including his familiar belt with the sword attached. Tom got up feeling his left arm whined in pain to his annoyance. He grimaced rubbing the area to feel something like a budge into his arm he rolled his sleeve seeing a familiar orange spot blinking from the arm indicated the tracker implant. Tom exhaled a breath and rolled his sleeve adjusting his gloves and clothes on his form. He began walking only to find himself nearly walking out of a cave off a ledge he glimpsed had nothing but ocean sky down below. Tom grimaced and backed up feeling himself confused to what was going on. He peered down the ocean sky finding nothing but clouds in the way to frown feeling a hand gripping his arm and yanking him back from the ledge. Tom looked as his eyes were forced shut which he came to with a start feeling his body still clad in Shad's clothes but heard sounds of thunder and lightening. Tom frowned jerking open his eyes discovering himself in a clearing kneeling while it was thundering and lightening above. He looked around then looked in front of him to see two wolves sitting on their haunches staring at him with glowing Human blue eyes. He frowned eyeing the wolves warily to find in the middle between them a figure wearing a brown robe hooded appeared from a hidden status to appear to be kneeling there watching him. Tom frowned as the figure in brown robe appeared to be studying him.
He felt compelled to speak spoke "Terra, what can I do for her?"
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling annoyed with what he blurt finding silence from the figure as the wolves shifted forms into Humans with furry clothes and gonoid yellow eyes he recognized them as Amula. 
"Amula" he spoke "I'm familiar with your species from living elsewhere on another planetary world."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as the Amula female got up and began doing some movements he recognized as dancing while stripping herself of her clothes. He frowned feeling himself hard via the nakedness seen as the female straddled him followed by feeling her hand stroking his sensitive part instead of entering her. Tom sighed from the hand's movements that went up and down his sensitive part till he gave up a loud sigh and spilled his seed. He didn't protest as the female forced his eyes shut followed by sensing sunlight blaring onto his eyes. Tom woke up shaking the effects of sleep from his eyes he finding himself clad in his familiar Shad's clothes with the belted sword at his side. Tom got up with an acrobatic move hearing a twin snap loudly sounding of a foot step. He got up pulling out his sword only to find a familiar figure he recognized as Victor walking into view complete with the helmet on the head. 
Tom found his Berserker side in control as he heard "Relax it's me, Victor. The spirit guides calling themselves Amula insisted I find you and help you out with something they refused to explain what it was."
He sighed and put away the sword as he felt his familiar friendly mood hitting him to frown abruptly from it. 
Tom eyed Victor who added "Excuse me for getting your odd side in control but I can't seem to talk via my voice as much as I wanted to."
He willed aside the Berserker and didn't comment a response as Victor made a come gesture which he obeyed to follow the Souler through the forest jungle. He found himself attentive to where they were going finding Victor was leading further into the jungle instead of civilization despite glimpsing flying vehicles high overhead flying by. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Victor appeared to be leading him away from the airport involving those vehicles. 
He spoke firmly "Victor what's with those things in the sky anyway?"
Tom got the Berserker in control in response to hear "Their from the Elves that have a city onto the border of this sanctuary land we Terrans live in despite there vampires and evil ones running amok. The Elves have refused to enter this land via foot and via vehicles and have called it Attala their speak for forbidden I think is what that word means. Not sure."
He sighed and blasted within Victor's mind "Kindly tell me the distance of this land's size now. The vehicles above suggested it's on the small size."
Tom glared at Victor who turned around and with super blurry speed punched him into the stomach he grunted from the pain but didn't bend down. 
Tom kept the glare as Victor blared in his mind "That vehicle flying is a trick by the Elves to make Humans think the Attala is on the small size and leave to their traps. The Attala is actually on the large size quite vast enough to be bigger than a small South American country. I did some mapping of it and figured out the size. You Humans are so stupid in thinking its small when its not."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response. 
He felt his arm stinging of pain again to sigh rubbing the area only to see Victor pulling out a knife and blasting "Get that thing out of your arm! The Elves put it there themselves after they caught you on the border to track you and whoever you meet!"
He sighed and rolled his sleeve and didn't protest as Victor with the knife dug out the implant he recognized wasn't of the High Council's assassin implant tracker. Tom frowned as Victor dropped the implant onto the ground and stomped a foot onto it. He saw the implant burst into an eater fire making Victor stomp his foot to put it out. Tom sighed and rolled his sleeve ignoring his arm leaking of blood. He found Victor managed to put out the fire and then went to a leafy plant to hold it up towards him and made gestures to his arm. Tom rolled his sleeve and put the leaf's plant leaf onto his arm finding Victor wrapping it around via tall grass stalk. Tom found the bleeding was stopped via the leaking felt quitting. 
He eyed Victor who blared "Will that status away and come with me.'
Tom obeyed despite speaking "Why am I clad in these clothes anyway?"
He found Victor halted to take a look at him followed by putting away his knife and blaring in his mind again triggering the Berserker "The High Council as I call the Evil Ones have some expressed interests in you hence your clothes. Besides the Elves habitually whoever they caught hanging around the border in their traps are reformed to think like a civilized being and living among others in slavery methods. The Evil Ones must have favored you too much to give you clothes to wear and a weapon including dumping you back into Attala now."
Tom frowned hearing that as Victor made a come gesture which he followed after willing aside the Berserker. He eyed his right hand as if drawn to spot a red light on his skin he figured was another tracker implant but figured it belonged to the High Council and kept his silence. Tom followed Victor further into the jungle finding the Souler was leading away from the Elves' port where their flying vehicles was soon getting rarer and rarer seen. Tom didn't comment a response as Victor led him to a tree to grab a piece of fruit as the sun was lowering itself. He found Victor thrust him the fruit he recognized as a banana and made an eating sign with his hand. 
He thought to himself "Here goes nothing."
Tom picked at the banana and forced himself to chew it after getting its wrapping off. He ate the banana entirely and frowned as Victor waved away his attempts to eat more of it. Tom frowned further as Victor gestured for him to follow which he obeyed. He followed Victor into the forest till the sun reached the horizon making him annoyed to see. He found Victor jumping up with no effort to land into a tree via branch which made him groan seeing. Tom forced himself to climb the tree using gymnastics and stunt training till he reached the highest tree branch to sit leaning back. He grunted feeling a pair of legs against his back to look finding it belonged to Victor who made a gesture to be quiet via hand indicating. Tom frowned but resumed leaning against Victor's legs finding the Souler kept forcing his eyes shut despite the sunlight blaring kept him awake till the sun disappeared down the horizon to his relief. He found himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling sick enough to throw up. Tom gulped feeling Victor punching his stomach repeatedly making him feel sicker further. He found himself choking only to feel Victor doing a squeeze hug maneuver making him stop choking as a piece of metal entered his mouth via his throat. Tom spat out the metallic piece he saw was blinking orange light followed by Victor snatching it and throwing it in a direction. He felt confusion hitting him as there was a small eater fire on the ground in that direction followed by Victor clamping a metallic hand over his mouth. Tom caught Victor's gesture to be quiet obeyed keeping his mouth into a thin line and eyed Victor warily. He found Victor fading from his eyesight but indicated that the male had hidden status ability by still feeling metal covering his mouth. Tom frowned as there was a searchlight from above shining overhead aimed at the eater light's as there were roaring noises of vampires sounding angry to him. Tom frowned as the searchlight he peered via the branches went around wildly as there were vampires' sounding angry to him roaring loudly from below the tree. 
He kept himself silent as Victor reappeared and triggered his Berserker side in control "That thing implanted into your stomach is a device for giving out pain to you on a press of a button. It just gives out painful muscle contractions I knew that the fruit plant would remove once in your stomach. Sorry for tossing it aside but that thing is set to explode once out of containment of a body and cause injury along with giving off a signal to mark the location of this removal."
Tom didn't think of a comment in response as Victor kept blaring "The Elves are kind of desperate to find someone to tell them what's going on with the natives of the Attala. Their aware of the vampires living in the Attala and have tried repeatedly to make those found vampires civilized with training and mind manipulating. Mostly to hunt for them in this sanctuary land and track the natives living here in hiding. They refused to fly over certain parts of the Attala via what I've seen from this avoidance and are desperate to have someone who lived in this sanctuary give them a map of the land."
Tom blared into Victor's mind "What about these Evil Ones you mentioned?"
He got from Victor making a gesture for quiet and refrained from thinking any thoughts as there was a sound of dart guns sounding loudly along with roaring noises of a vampire sounding in pain to him. He peered above to spot a helicopter silently hovering above that gave up a jutting metallic clawed hand followed by lowering it onto the ground. Tom tracked it to find the clawed hand picked up a vampire as if scooping him followed by rising up in the air and then without a sound flew away towards the Elves' base of port he figured was where it was going.
Tom removed Victor's hand in a fast speed move only to hear from the Souler "Not so fast! There's others of the vampires within vicinity witnessed this situation and are bound to throw a hissy fit onto whoever they see!"
He heard roaring sounds of anger to him that made him think it was vampires sounding angry and kept on hearing it lengthy despite grimacing from the noises. He found Victor kept forcing his eyes shut despite repeatedly opening them to the sound of the vampires' blaring angrily. Tom sighed getting Victor's hand covering his eyes forced them shut and remained listening to the roaring seemingly lengthy till it turned to whimpering sounds of pain and then silence. He felt himself passing out unconscious as if sleepy to wake up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Tom found Victor standing on the tree branch next to him expertly balanced shaking his shoulder. 
He gave Victor a glare despite the Berserker in control only to hear "Come on we need to move now. The Elves will be back once they figure out that the vampire they caught didn't kill their tracked victim. Their mind walkers with no secret kept secret from them period."
Tom sighed and removed the Berserker to follow Victor jumping from tree branch he forced to use gymnastics abilities to get to tree branch to tree branch including jumping from tree to tree. He found Victor seemed to have some ability to bounce around like a grasshopper from tree branch to tree branch including to tree to tree despite he forced to use various stunt training to follow. Tom followed Victor seemingly lengthy till they reached a tree followed by the Souler forcing him down onto a tree branch and gave up a grunt feeling the male covering his body from behind in a fast speed move. 
Tom grunted an annoyed sound only to find the Berserker in control hearing "Shh! The Elves are flying above with their scanners! Remain still now! Their scanners only track movement of anything!"
Tom kept himself still while feeling Victor's form on top of him via the back that remained still as he peered out of his eyes off his right. He found a light flashing along with hearing a roaring noise of a vampire loudly including a sound of a dart gun within vicinity of the tree he saw via the branches. Tom kept his mouth shut as the Elves' familiar helicopter claw was seen scooping up another vampire then out of sight. Tom felt Victor move forcing him to stand on the tree branch him finding himself having to balance his footing from falling off. 
Tom glared at Victor as he blared "A little warning would be appropriate-"
"Those helicopters aren't easily detected." He was interrupted by Victor who added "I can barely detect them from above unless they turn on their scanner. It's when I know I should remain still and wait for them to pick their latest victim a moving vampire for civilization sakes."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Victor made a come gesture followed by following the Souler out of the tree to other trees he disgusted on not having an ability to grasshopper hop like the male was doing. Tom felt annoyance take hold that Victor refused to stop for him to take a break. He found Victor kept up the moving even when the sun appeared via the horizon and found the Souler kept on moving and urging him to move. Tom felt himself getting tired but ignored it to force himself to follow Victor who seemed to have unlimited energy. He sighed once Victor stopped in a tree and appeared to sit down on a tree branch to his relief. Tom sat down next to Victor and forced himself to rest wearily. He breathed hard catching his breath finding his strength returning slightly till Victor ordered him to move again. 
"No rest for the weary." Tom thought to himself as he again followed Victor to another tree.
Tom found Victor appeared to be leading him further into the forest jungle he peered above from time to time to spot no vehicles flying overhead but something shiny in the sky. Tom frowned for the shininess reminded him of a High Council's flying vehicle tracking a victim while high in the sky out of within vicinity of anyone to see. He kept his mouth shut and followed Victor endlessly through the trees finding his efforts for a break kept on being thwarted. Tom felt himself urged to drop down dead once the sun reached the horizon only to find Victor turning around and forcing himself to sit on a tree branch leaning against the trunk and felt his eyes forced shut. He obeyed to pass out unconscious wearily allowing himself to sleep.

Tom came to hearing a sound of a dart gun blaring in his ear along with the sunlight blaring into his eyes. He jerked open his eyes only to feel Victor's hands keeping him still from a hidden status. Tom forced himself to remain still as he eyed the scenery with his eyes finding the sun was high in the sky including the Elves' familiar helicopter seen in the sky along with their familiar claw picking up something he saw was a manoid appearing to be Human and not a vampire. Tom frowned eyeing the helicopter that flew away in the sky as he willed forwards the Berserker.
He blared into Victor's mind blasting "What other manoids live in the Attala other than vampires? And when were you going to tell me this information? Don't keep me in the dark Victor!"
He found Victor's metallic hands stopped touching him followed by feeling the tree branch become lighter as he willed aside the Berserker and yelled "Don't run away from me now!"
Tom found Victor now where in sight within his eyes' vicinity to his disgust as he heard silence from the Souler in response. He grunted an annoyed sound and felt himself too tired to get out of the tree resumed leaning back against the tree trunk and placed his tunic's shirt to cover his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing "Wakey, wakey smarty!"
He jerked open his eyes yanking down his tunic in response to the voice of Kiddy blaring in his mind. Tom grunted an annoyed sound and found the sun was on the horizon he figured he should move before the Elves come back. He proceeded to do jumping from tree branch to tree branch only to sense himself spied on as he went to another tree. Tom halted his jumping to remain still looking around as if drawn focused onto an area on the ground he peered to find the source of staring was a white wolf sitting on the ground on its haunches. Tom shrugged and resumed tree jumping only to feel his senses of being stared at and followed kept hitting him as night fell. He reached another tree and halted his jumping to sit on a tree branch only to find the familiar wolf was still on the ground highlighted in color of pink among the purple colors of the plants. Tom grunted an annoyed sound as the wolf he spotted sat down onto the ground and appeared to be lying onto its side ignoring him watching and appeared to be ignored by the vampires seen walking by it. Tom felt disgust take hold seeing the vampires going to the wolf and appeared to be kicking it despite it kept on giving off biting behavior via its jaws. He felt annoyance take hold made a movement to get up only to feel pressure of hands pressing onto his front keeping him pinned to the branch. Tom grunted from the hands' pressure that felt stronger than his strength and kept him pinned. He eyed the wolf finding the animal had succeeded in getting the vampires to get the message of no kicking by them walking away. 
Tom felt his Berserker side in control abruptly as he heard "Don't you dare help that gonoid no matter how the vampires treat it."
He sighed hearing Victor's voice to find Victor in front of him a shade of red via hidden status appearance as he blasted "What's with that gonoid a wolf following me?"
Tom got from Victor in response "A wolf? You call that gonoid a wolf?"
He spoke mentally in response "It's called a wolf from the world I'm from-"
"It figures that the Elves are desperate" He heard from Victor interrupting him making him snarl a soft growl angrily as the Souler added "The wolf is implanted with a tracker implant to track manoids it sees for the Elves to capture them. I didn't realize it was a wolf hence it seen following us and me making a disappearing act in response onto you. Sorry about that."
Tom mentally spoke cutting off his growling "My odd side is dubbed Berserker-"
"What?!" He was interrupted by Victor as he found the Souler pushing him out of the tree branch he using his physical abilities to land onto his feet. 
Tom glared at the tree where Victor was to hear in his mind "You're a servant of the Evil Ones and a spy of them!"
He willed aside the Berserker to yell loudly "I haven't gotten the faintest idea what's going on with the Evil Ones using me to be a spy! The Evil Ones never tell me anything going on and the same with you smarty! I want answers and I'll get them if I have to use my Berserker side in control!"
Tom glared at the tree finding Victor remained hidden. He felt panting off his side to find the familiar wolf appearing to be a dog wolf hybrid getting up and going up to him to rub itself onto his legs. He sighed and gave the dog a rub on the sides finding the gonoid was trying to bite its tail off along with scratching at its throat with a paw heavily. 
He spoke "Excuse me."
Tom examined the throat to find a collar with a beeping light in it which he snapped off. He examined the tail to find another beeping light to snap off followed by the dog making a gesture for him to follow. Tom obeyed to find the dog led him to Victor's tree which he heard the animal give off barking noises. 
He heard "Tell that thing to quit its noises!"
Tom sighed and willed aside the Berserker as he spoke firmly "Sit!"
He found the dog obeyed to sit panting away followed by getting up growling while facing a direction. Tom darted up into the tree ignored by the dog he figured it meant vampires. He didn't have long to wait as he sat on a tree branch and felt Victor's familiar hands pressing him to remain still which he obeyed. Tom frowned as there was a familiar searchlight flashing overhead followed by a dart gun sounding loudly he grimaced hearing. Tom stiffened as the claw was seen picking up a manoid appearing to be something else than a vampire to his disgust. He sensed himself stared at peered via his eyes to spot another wolf dog peering via the bushes as he stared. Tom found Victor appearing into sight as he pointed a finger at the wolf dog's direction finding the Souler giving off a loud Hmph noise. 
Tom heard from Victor in response "Just wait here while I handle this."
He frowned but remained seated onto the tree branch eyeing the wolf dog finding it shaking and appearing to be biting something grabbing it from behind along with shifting form into a manoid he recognized was an Amula that appeared to get head snapped at an odd angle. Tom groaned softly as he found the spying sense quit by the Amula's death he saw collapsed onto the ground as if still. 
He found the tree branch indicated Victor's return as he spoke in a loud whisper "Was it necessary to do that?"
Tom felt a hand covering his mouth followed by hearing with his ears "Just move before the Elves return!"
He sighed and wordlessly went to another tree finding Victor kept urging him to continue via mental talk always triggering his Berserker side in control. Tom kept on moving till the sun rose and kept on being urged to move by Victor's blaring. He felt himself guided into a direction by Victor's hands manipulating his efforts to move into another tree branch. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Victor kept up the hidden manipulation till he heard a sound of a river running in a fast move. He frowned as Victor appeared in front of him via a tree branch he got on. Tom felt himself exhausted to sit down over the river running via a tree branch. He grunted as he felt Victor's hands push him off the tree branch he forced himself to catch via hands. He grunted again as Victor's metallic feet proceeded to stomp onto his feet as he found his efforts to will forwards the Berserker blocked. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Victor succeeded in getting him off the tree branch to fall towards the roaring river down below.
"Good luck with the Elves!" He heard within his mind despite his Berserker side refusing to take control in response to the water. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as he landed into the roaring river with a splash. He forced himself to swim in the water towards the river banks only to feel the river was pushing him down the water in a fast speed move. Tom grunted trying to reach the river bank as the water was felt carrying him further. He kept on grunting an annoyed sound as there was something metallic in the water ahead of him he grunted with recognition as the helicopter's familiar claw. Tom swam away only to feel the river push him into the claw that scooped him up followed by lifting him out of the water into the air. He grunted as he felt a stinging pain of a dart gun's dart into his neck followed by sleepiness and then nothingness of darkness hitting him.

Tom woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move despite still clad in his familiar Shad's clothes but felt his sword gone from him. He jerked open his eyes to find himself chained in some cave room feeling the hand on his shoulder become insisting. Tom looked off his left to find the hand's owner was a male appearing to be a vampire with red eyes that had fanged teeth and with a loud hiss darted away. He tracked the vampire clad in some loose armor clothes going to the entrance of the cave he saw was a jail cell. Tom found the vampire reached the entrance and darted out slamming the gate shut with a bang sound followed by humming sounds of electricity. He formed a glare in response as he recalled his restrain off command found jolts of electrical pain hitting him in response that felt familiar making him gasp for breath loudly. Tom grunted but remained seated leaning against the wall as the pain quit followed by a figure walked into view he recognized with disgust as an Elf wearing a brown robe holding a familiar device in his hand. He kept his mouth shut as the elf was sensed mind scanning him by his senses blaring to indicate it. Tom formed a glare in response while glaring at the Elf who spoke words he heard via his ears that took him a moment to get it was Summeran language.
"So who's Victor?" he heard from the Elf.
Tom spoke in Summeran in response "I came from off planet with whoever cared about me and was dumped in the Attala as its dubbed and met this Victor you're asking me about. I haven't gotten the faintest idea who or what he is."
Tom grunted as he again felt pain only to gasp out "His...species....is...what...I...term...Souler."
He breathed deeply and found the Elf cocking his head forming a faraway look in his Human blue eyes creeping him out. He felt his senses blaring warning abruptly as the Elf without a word walked out of sight followed by the vampire returning that went up to him and produced a hand gun. Tom grimaced feeling the prick of pain from the hand gun into his neck touching him as he felt like throwing up again. He threw up the familiar device to his annoyance finding the vampire stomping onto it that exploded into a fireball. Tom exhaled a breath breathing deeply finding the vampire was still stomping away as the fireball caught onto the male's clothes and appeared to incinerate him to death followed by form shriveling into dirt leaving metal in his place. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as the familiar Elf returned that gave him a narrowed eyed glare of accusation he recognized. 
Tom heard in response "I see that the idiot fool got the implant out of you without our permission and disappeared from that stunt."
He found his Berserker side in control in response to that voice of the Elf blaring into his mind as he found the male giving him another glare this time involved his eyes turning all black looking. 
Tom flexed a clawed hand in the Elf's direction only to hear "Will that away now!"
He heard the creepy voice of the Elf sounding like Jinks to him via the Master abilities involving the all black eyes. Tom obeyed as the Elf removed his creepy black eyes to give him another glare with Human blue eyes.
He glared back in response as the Elf spoke using his voice "So tell me what's going on with the Attala?"
Tom kept his mouth shut and refused to talk as he mentally spoke in response "You're scanning me mentally so see the information yourself and stop asking me questions."
He got an all black eyed glare from the Elf in response as he willed forwards the Berserker finding the male using his Jinks' voice "I prefer to hear from your lips your words of how you use the Summeran language to describe the Attala to me. So will that away and talk now!"
He found the Elf willing aside his all black eyed look as he flexed a clawed hand and without a word willed aside the Berserker.
Tom heard the Elf repeating his question regarding the Attala which he spoke in response in Basic instead of Summeran language "I didn't ask to be captured by this Elf and his people with their nosiness of learning more of the Attala."
Tom heard from the Elf in response "So you're fluent in the High Council's language by the noises you used. You care to translate what you said or I'll have the pain device implanted back into you to bring more powerful pains?"
He gave up a loud Hmph in Summeran to speak in response in the language "You're fluent in what I'm babbling about in the High Council's language by your voice tone indicating it."
Tom glared at the Elf in response who formed his familiar creepy eyed look to speak "I'm familiar as with every Elf planet bound with the High Council's language and yes I'm fluent in it. You care to tell me where you're from hmm? You seem unusual for a Human by that odd side of yours you blared in my face."
Tom spoke in response "Just listen to me babbling about my world where I'm from."
He got from the Elf in response "Talk!"
Tom obeyed speaking despite hearing snickering like laughter in his mind as he found himself compelled to speak a story.

Tom on Aire

Tom felt disgust, seeing via contained in a box as White Shadow kept on ordering the All Seeing One to focus who kept on shutting his eyes, only to see him open them, while hearing the word, focus, spoken over and over. Tom from within the box groaned from the sleepiness status, hitting the All Seeing One who shook his head and groaned loudly. He watched as White Shadow in control of his body with his own hand slapped the All Seeing One onto the cheeks, as he found himself sitting in a chair, chained to his disgust, in his mind. Tom found the slapping continued, waking the All Seeing One up from a sleeping status including fisting him in the stomach. 
Tom watched as the All Seeing One opened his eyes to glare, with annoyance, running through him, as he again heard "Focus!" 
Tom heard from White Shadow repeatedly, over and over, despite the All Seeing One's attempts to sleep. Tom kept on finding White Shadow refused to stop with the slapping onto the All Seeing One speaking the command word of, focus over and over, to his annoyance. 
He eyed via the box as he stood up still chained as White Shadow added "White Shadow commands you to focus now!"
He felt himself annoyed, finding the All Seeing One trying to say "I need to sleep." 
The apparition that was inhibiting his body, dubbing himself, White Shadow, despite having a form of an odd Human male, with large size and all black eyed look wearing purple robes. Tom grunted an annoyed sound as he recalled his mark on his face that looked like a knife wound to him, appearing to be cut there. 
He frowned as he felt an odd sense again going off, he hearing from the All Seeing One speaking "Forgiveness? Do you want it-"
Tom grimaced as the All Seeing One, was interrupted by White Shadow, speaking in a creepy voice, via his mind, despite displaying his Berserker side "Just focus onto what I want you to see now!"
Tom frown feeling confusion hitting him to White Shadow's obsession, as he heard a singing sound, within his mind, that sounded of an angry tone, as he shut his eyes, despite restrained into a chair via chains. He felt White Shadow mind scanned, the All Seeing One to focus, while hearing the being's creepy voice speaking in his mind, urging him to look, where he wanted him to look. Tom opened his eyes to see fully from the box what White Shadow was seeing, via the obeying of the All Seeing One, despite the singing in his mind, sounded of disagreement, he confused, to why he had Tank's voice in his mind. He frowned as he saw an image of a female making his senses blare abruptly, with short brown hair and lying on the floor, with a blanket on top of her. He felt a familiar sense hitting his sensitive part, from seeing her, only to get the familiar voice, screaming in his mind, urging him to focus. Tom felt disgust take hold, saw the images shifted to look elsewhere, finding himself looking at the ocean, seeing three plants rising from the ocean's waters to spread their petals, he recognized were Ramses, Erra and Terra. 
The voice of White Shadow spoke again "Stop focusing onto the Meritanians! Just focus onto the Slayers and their warship now!"
He saw the All Seeing One obeyed to look elsewhere, seeing an island that had a curved cliff off one side, along with something white that seemed familiar to him, he recognized as the Zesky Asylum boat shaped like a cruise ship but sitting nearby the High Council's home based islands
He heard from the voice "That's it! Just focus onto that warship now!"
He found the All Seeing One obeyed to focus onto the warship, finding his focus going elsewhere, instead of focusing onto the white thing. He kept on hearing the voice's blaring, at the All Seeing One, to focus onto the thing, a warship as called. Tom felt fed up with the focusing, eyed the All Seeing One who jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at White Shadow as he sensed quit his Berserker side.
He gave the image of the All Seeing One, a glare, as White Shadow spoke "I didn't say that you're done focusing."
All Seeing One spoke in response "I warn you that this ability, I'm seeing via my mind, has its own mind of own, and isn't easily controlled-"
Tom grimaced as the All Seeing One was interrupted by White Shadow, darting forwards in a fast speed blurring move, to see his fist connect with the male's stomach, he grunted loudly from. Tom saw the All Seeing One gave White Shadow, a glare of annoyance, he recalling the male's name was Terror but not sure why he was recalling it. 
He kept the glare, as Terror, he figured, he'll refer him, heard White Shadow spoke "Just concentrate, Terror. You'll be able to control this ability at once. I know of someone, who did this controlling, and was able to do it. You should be able to do it yourself. So shut your eyes and concentrate now."
Tom eyed Terror who yawned loudly, despite White Shadow heard, yelling "Damn you Tank! Damn you Merra for interfering!"
Tom gave up a loud roar in response as he found the eyesight narrowed as if White Shadow was glaring at Terror with disgust, felt running through him despite body jumped into his body. 
Tom yelled within his mind yelling at White Shadow "Get out! Go inhibit someone else!"
White Shadow, to his disgust wound up ignoring his yelling he recalled that the being was seeking an All Seeing One, for reasons unsaid. He felt disgust when White Shadow got his wish fulfilled with finding Terror, as the one with the All Seeing One ability, as identified by the Meritanians and their sneezing noises, has fallen asleep. He found Terror's mind was still cluttered with junk as the High Council called it when the Meritanians scanned the male's mind to confirm his All Seeing One ability. He kept the glare only to feel a hand familiar touching his arm he clamped his mouth shut to glare. 
Saw White Shadow looking at a female figure he recognized as Victoria's replacement, a female Hybrid Highlander named Thura, despite he dubbing her Thursday. 
Tom yelled "Thursday hear me! I'm here! Don't you dare hurt me with him inhibiting me!"
White Shadow, he found Thursday, gave him an all black eyed glare in response he always getting from her whenever she wanted him to do something. That despite sensing she could tell that he was inhibiting the body of him, she called him and had refused to leave him alone or quit displaying her all black eyed look to his disgust. 
He gave Thursday a glare as she spoke in her creepy voice that always scared him "You should be in bed resting, White Shadow."
He exhaled a breath at her using White Shadow's actual name despite his name of Tom. 
White Shadow, he saw glared at Thursday in response to make a move to yank his arm out of her hands' grips only to hear her add "Sleep is a must for you as long as you're in this body form. So sleep or I'll knock you out."
White Shadow gave her a glare in response to remove Thursday's hand off his arm and stomped to the armchair in the room underneath a spotlight. He saw White Shadow, thrust himself into the armchair and leaned back with arms clad in clothing indicating his familiar robe despite whatever body he inhibited he'll always shown the form wearing his robed outfit period. White Shadow as Tom resumed seated into his chair chained, eyed Terror who remained slumped over appearing to be knocked unconscious. He felt the body's weariness groaned and waved a hand above him to find the light of the spotlight going out followed by darkness, illuminating Terror and spotlight. White Shadow kept his eyes onto Terror seemingly lengthy till he felt a hand touching his forehead that felt of a Highlander's and found his eyes shutting in response he unable to keep them open any longer. Tom felt relieved as White Shadow slept him finding dreams involving a white tiger dubbed Misty to his confusion. 
He felt annoyance take hold as he realized "Its why there's a war between the Soulers and the High Council. White Shadow wants his pet tiger back."
Tom snarled growling as White Shadow woke up with a start via eyes opening. He growled angrily as White Shadow got up and punched Terror in the front repeatedly will he saw a bright light come into view along with a shattering sound of a shriek. Tom snarled as White Shadow managed to grab Terror by the hair from the top of his head forcing his face to look up. "
Tom felt annoyance take hold as Terror jerked open his eyes as White Shadow snarled "Now concentrate onto the Slayers' sea vessel!"
He exhaled a breath finding White Shadow shifting into his familiar bony look of Berserker, including extended jaw from the mouth with fanged teeth making him gulp. He felt his mind scanned saw Terror managed to focus onto the familiar sea vessel. He saw that Terror kept on focusing onto it despite repeated words of focus said in his mind. Tom felt Terror, obeyed to do it to find him focusing onto a deck holding a familiar animal, appearing to be a white tiger, as he heard a loud gasp sounding in his mind. Tom focused onto the white tiger that was pouncing around onto the deck of the boat and was picking up a ball and was noisily chewing it. It was before seeing people, he recognized as Soulers, looking odd via their faces going up to the tiger and giving it food via a bowl as he kept on hearing gasping sounds within his mind. He frowned as the tiger ate the food before playing a game of chase the ball and chewing onto it repeatedly. Tom felt annoyance take hold seeing the tiger was furry and had fur colors of white with black stripes and was giving off a loud purring sound to his confusion. 
Tom heard blared in his mind "Blast! The Slayers have corrupted Misty with feeding her food she wants instead of giving her a diet! Blast them! One way or another I will have Misty back into my hands!"
Tom frowned hearing that words sounded in his mind as he saw Terror open his eyes with annoyance as White Shadow released his hold onto his hair and walked out of Terror's eyesight. He followed White Shadow's process to another chair that appeared to be padded to sit down leaning back with arms folded. He frowned as beings he saw had Humanoid shapes of black scaly skin and all black eyes and black hair with pointed ears and white faces appeared from an apparent hidden status with no sounds. Tom felt disgust as the beings appeared to be fawning over White Shadow in some pathetic pleading way and seemed to be upset to him. 
He felt disgust as the beings, the Nightwalkers, was heard speaking "Slayers destroyed yes? Destroy sea ship destroy Slayers? Let Misty die to destroy Slayers."
Tom gave up a sound of disgust while eyeing the Nightwalkers as the beings repeated their words only to find the male getting up in a fast move giving off a loud roaring noise of anger. He gave the Nightwalkers a glare finding the beings disappeared via sight to his confusion but he sure that they went hidden. Tom with annoyance running through him found Terror looking his way with a glare. He felt White Shadow's disgust taking hold over the fawning by the Nightwalkers the Humans dubbed Elves species for Highlanders that drank blood off living beings not sparing their own species. He sat down and leaned back in the chair while seeing White Shadow eyeing Terror who kept on giving him a glare with eyes turning all white making him nervous unexpectedly.
He got from Terror in response "Forgiveness? Do you want it? Confess your crime."
Tom sensed White Shadow, gulped and heard the being compelled to speak him blurting to his disgust "I want Misty back. I'll do what it takes to get her back to me alive and unharmed."
He felt disgust take hold shut his eyes while rubbing a hand over them. He felt pain hitting him abruptly to frown from the feeling.
Tom heard blaring in his mind "Their drinking from you, you idiot!"
He removed his hand and jerked open his eyes to peer via White Shadow's eyesight to find the Nightwalkers had succeeded on getting him into a standing position and had mouths onto his form all over. He heard growling noises from the Nightwalkers making him nervous abruptly as he realized with a start that White Shadow's words he blurt was understood by them who were furious to hear it. He gulped and found the Nightwalkers' mouths remained ironclad onto White Shadow's form to his annoyance. White Shadow, he felt tore himself freed from his body and floated above finding the Nightwalkers managed to drop feeding off his body and instead had faded from sight. He growled as he felt White Shadow resumed himself back into his body only to feel himself drained of his blood again to his annoyance. White Shadow, he saw looked around and found a female nearby he recognized as Thursday, looking upset with eyes having anger in them. Tom again felt White Shadow released him as he collapsed onto the floor and heard sucking sounds. 
He heard it all over the place within his ears as he found himself passing out unconscious via a voice of Tank saying "Nighty night, Tom."

Tom came from the depths of sleep feeling hung over like he had drunk too much alcoholic drinks and was groggy. He rolled over while lying in bed only to feel hands forced him to lie onto his back followed by straddled by a familiar naked female form he grunted from the feel of his mind scanned. Tom sighed loudly while jerking opening his eyes as he eyed the hybrid Highlander female dubbing herself Thura, he kept on calling her Thursday, who gave him one of her creepy, smiles before sinking herself down onto his sensitive part. He rolled his eyes from the feel as the female, Thursday, proceeded to mate with him. He sighed once he spilled himself inside Thursday, he didn't protest as she removed herself off him and thrust the blanket up to his chest. Tom rolled over shutting his eyes feeling relieved to be back into his body and shut his eyes. He sighed as he heard a loud meow only to feel a cat jumping onto his side as if pouncing onto a laser toy that Elisa, another servant of Lance Richard, in servitude of the High Council, habitually played onto him to make him wake up. Tom rolled onto his back as the cat he recalled was dubbed Sam an all black cat that resumed her pouncing. He sighed and jerked open his eyes finding himself no longer hung over but better rested as Elisa in view, clad in her familiar clothes of a Master Organization dress of blue, clicked off the laser's pointer. 
Tom groaned and moved his hands to sign "How long was I out asleep?"
He sighed as he eyed Elisa who spoke "One Earthari week."
Tom signed "Earthari? What kind of name is that for a planet when its weird name of Aire?"
He frowned as Elisa gave him an all black eyed glare, she appearing to have Jinks' mental abilities, making him gulp followed by her speaking "Earthari is the accepted name that the species visiting Aire have named us Humans. Get up. Get used to it. The Nightwalkers are throwing a hissy fit at the moment on account of not having a leader to lead them despite you pointed into leadership by the Meritanians insisting on it."
Tom groaned and signed "Meritanians? What's going on with your God not around to tell us their playing jokes as usual?"
He grunted as Sam made another pouncing game onto his front by Elisa's laser. He sighed and sat up in response to grab the cat into a tight ironclad hold that squirmed in protest. 
He gave Elisa a glare who spoke in response "Just get up and take a look in the mirror while you're at it."
Tom obeyed to get up from the bed dumping Sam onto the area who gave up a loud meow followed by seeing the cat scratching her ear. He ignored Sam to go to the mirror to peer at himself to gasp of shock loudly seeing his eyes were golden colored, entirely golden, and no longer Human black colored as he sensed something making them like that. 
Tom signed towards Elisa recalling White Shadow's possessive of Jinks "Don't tell me that my eyes have something to do with this leadership bit."
He glared at Elisa via mirror as she walked up to him while tossing aside the laser onto the bed. He heard an excited meow to ignore while shifting to look at Elisa, who went up to him and kissed him on the lips while putting a hand onto his scarred cheek. Tom kissed back while ignoring Elisa's hand onto his scarred cheek. He sighed when she broke off the kiss and rubbed the area he forcing himself to shut his eyes to push his face into her hand despite her not Victoria like he wanted. 
Tom sighed loudly as he heard from Elisa "The Meritanians regarding Tank and Merra actually have clearly said that the Nightwalkers have a strong intelligence from what's right and what's wrong. They have refused to accept leadership from the Highlanders, instead have been saying its wrong over and over. Not to make them upset further despite sensing them around hiding. I think the Meritanians were indicating on who the Nightwalkers trust to handle leading them. Hence they were insisting on you here to handle them. I think they trust you enough to handle that job."
Tom sighed again loudly as Elisa's hand left his cheek which he opened his eyes to find her walking to the dresser in the metallic room and began tossing clothing towards him he caught. He noticed to his shock outlines of figures highlighted by lines gathered around him while having his eyes golden, that made him think they were the Nightwalkers in hiding but decided not to push his luck on seeing if his hunch was correct. Tom put on his clothes and found Elisa amusing the cat via laser, as he found outlines managed to get out of the way of her walking all over the room she appearing to not see them. He frowned as Sam got onto his shoulder and rubbed her face onto his ear which he removed. He sighed despite clad in his familiar Highlander wear of black pants and a top of black that was loose on his form including sneakers also in black, which he didn't protest as Elisa ordered him to sit and get his hair brushed. Tom sighed and obeyed finding Elisa brushing his hair as he eyed himself through the mirror. 
He didn't comment a response to the lack of showering in the room he figured to himself "She must have bathe me while I was in bed asleep." 
Tom heard nothing in response to his thinking as he felt his mind scanned abruptly while sensing it belonged to the Meritanians but wasn't sure which one. He frowned as Elisa grabbed a hair band from the dresser and was busy braiding his long hair. 
He sighed as he heard in his mind "It's Tank. Tell Elisa that her God, Horus is alright. He's detected living on the Annoyov Barack Station as the visitors to Aire call it. He's one of the peacekeeping forces dubbed Leaders by the Fishla species for creating them. The Nightwalkers managed to gain entrance inside the station and are being kept in line by Horus himself using his Lance Richard sucker persona as their leader of them actually. That's all I can tell you since Breaker is yelling at me to shut up. A pity."
Tom sighed and repeated Tank's words using the words Tank says via hand language despite Elisa deaf to hear him. He found Elisa giving off an hmm sound in response he figured she was distracted by braiding his hair.
He sighed once she declared him done followed by her adding "Anyway my God's the type to make people including Nightwalkers listen to him in peaceful terms while he's on the Annoyov. Believe me he's used that persona for getting what he wants. Don't worry about him."
Tom sighed and recalled the male with the All Seeing One ability dubbing himself Terror as if compelled only to feel himself compelled to stand up to his annoyance. Tom found Elisa going back to amuse the cat pouncing onto the laser's light as he found himself in the High Council's throne room. He glared as he sensed the High Council wanted him to listen to another useless recording. He found the lights in the room dimmed followed by hearing Terror speaking his words as if recorded via visual recorder while in the Soulers' sea vessel. Tom tuned out the words ignoring them and refused to pay attention to the projection instead stared at the floor. He shifted to look to grimace finding two figures standing on the top most of ten steps. He eyed them warily to find one was male with white skin and black hair with all black eyes and having clawed hands and feet, with a sword in hand, including something that resembled wings jutting from him while wearing a brown skirt, he recognized was Shad the speaker of males. Tom eyed the other figure he recognized was a female with purple skin colors, all white eyes and white hair wearing clothes on her form that appeared to be shorts and a t-shirt in white colors that were stuck to her form, while holding a spear he recognized was Onya that spoke for the females. 
Tom kept his eyes onto the High Council behind the speakers finding Shad was speaking "Anything else you want to admit Mindbender?"
He frowned to the word mindbender to find his focus able to go further than the two figures to show nine figures wearing covered up robes seated in seats while noticing that their faces were covered by hoods, he recognized were the High Council. 
He felt annoyance as he found himself speaking "Integration of one annoyance was successful. He's been accepted now. That includes getting others to accept the Airens as their referred instead of that insult name they hate."
Tom frowned hearing silence from the Meritanians, in response as he kept on watching the room and its contents despite his compulsion talking words he annoyed to speak it. 
He formed a glare as Shad on the steps spoke "Anything else regarding this obsession with the acquiring of one All Seeing One?"
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as he had his golden eyes seen and displayed a glaring expression. 
Tom spoke sounding firm "I'm not him enough to know anything. I wasn't able to access his mind. Ask Horus for that. He seemed to have gained access to this very crystal clearly during bouts of lucidity whenever this He wasn't in control."
Tom warily, eyed the High Council, despite hearing the anger in his voice tone, as he sensed himself clenching and clenching his hands into fists and back. 
He heard "Where is Horus now?"
Tom snarled angrily as he heard blaring in his mind "I would quit doing that if I were you smarty."
He found his anger continued as he found the male's voice, sounding of Tank, continued in his mind "I'm dubbed Tank for being a troublemaker. Continue on doing that I'll dump you into a lake and keep on doing it till you quit for good."
Tom heard in response Merra's voice speaking "Typical All Seeing One, nosy for answers. He asked 'anything else to explain why I'm not in the Elves' possession but in possession of someone else-'"
She was interrupted by Tank blaring "Your right. But we Meritanians as we call ourselves despite using the name of Sages are sick of having an All Seeing One in possession of the Highlanders, their actual name and not Elf or Elves. The Highlanders used an All Seeing One with an ability to tell whether we were playing jokes or not including an ability to control people via voices onto people something we got sick of and dumped him elsewhere. We'll do what it takes to keep you the planet's current All Seeing One out of the Highlanders' hands including out of that stinking group dubbing themselves High Council. They should have been disbanded by now but they keep on pulling excuses to Edenia to not do that. Excuse me."
Tom gave up a sound of disgust loudly sensing Tank become silent. 
He stared at the floor as the High Council's speakers were heard blaring "Mindbender, allow us to scan your mind and will that evil eyed look now!"
Tom obeyed despite disgusted to find his mind relieving the conversation Tank and Merra blared to him to hear. He felt disgust take hold as he felt a compulsion to will forward his Berserker side which he obeyed. 
Tom heard "Meritanians transport one All Seeing One to us to see what he looks like out of curiosity."
Tom saw a light flash to show a male with long black hair, tall as Jinks with furry clothe skin appear who got his arms restrained by the Falcons as he turned his back to the High Council. He glared at the All Seeing One, finding disgust take hold seeing the male he figured was Terror as dubbed. Tom kept the glare on his face as Terror shifted to look around the room finding himself in presence of the High Council as spoken by them. 
He kept the glare in response as Shad spoke "What? He looks ridiculous for a First One."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response while glaring at Terror he figured the speakers, not the High Council had spoken the insulting words. Tom turned around and waved a clawed bony hand in Shad's direction before fisting the hand he noticed Shad saw the look but bowed his head in response to his threat. 
Tom shifted to resume looking in Terror's direction as he heard "Alright whatever! Where's Horus anyway?"
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of Shad's voice to blink his eyes from a light show nearby him to find Jinks was standing there with disgust sense from the male via the expression on his face. He ignored the speakers to focus onto Jinks as Horus as dubbed by the High Council. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold finding the female Onya was speaking "Explain yourself Horus with your obsession of acquiring an All Seeing One! The Meritanians made it clear that they don't want us to have one in our possession so talk now Horus!"
Tom heard Terror spoke his familiar line "Forgiveness? Confess your crime to me."
He grunted in response he hearing Ughs spoken from both speakers to find Jinks speaking in response "It wasn't me but White Shadow, as he calls him self's obsession in acquiring back his companion pet, a gonoid dubbed Misty, which in First One's terms is dubbed albino tiger. He loved that tiger too much to do anything to get her back in his possession. That's what I was trying to say during lucidity moments of control. He didn't give a damn about the Nightwalkers or leading them anymore. All he cared was that Misty back into his possession. Hence this ridiculous war done between him and the ones who got Misty in their possession, the Soulers as their referred now, instead of Slayer. He forgot the actual reason why he had Misty in their care, was because she was quarantined like any gonoids that arrived off planet for a time frame. It's to make sure their not carrying sicknesses that could spread to manoids or gonoids. Something the Fishla reasoned when they built the station, included others on planetary worlds was to avoid species extinction by sicknesses. Something their germ phobic about, including related to gonoids coming off planet. It's something the restless natives of the station took up and have been paying the Soulers' home vessel, money to quarantine their gonoids and their people before joining the population planet bound."
Tom felt annoyance hearing in his mind "Restrain Horus now!"
Tom obeyed to go to Jinks to find the male not resisting to being restrained by him in a fast move. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing the High Council, warily. 
He wound up hearing the words "Falcons, not bird males."
He exhaled a breath keeping his mouth shut as the High Council appeared to go into a head wagging hand waving movement behind the speakers while noticing their heads were bowed. He felt disgusted further as Jinks was sensed silent and angry while still restrained by him. Tom gently squeezed Jinks' arms in a gentle grip while sensing the male was angry. 
Tom glared as Shad appeared to glance into Terror's direction before bowing his head he hearing "I'm called Shad for I speak for the males of the High Council."
Tom heard from the female speaker seeing her glance up towards Terror before bowing her head echoing Shad's words but this time used the name of Onya. Tom didn't comment a response as the High Council behind them went into a discussion he figured what they were doing seemingly lengthy. 
Shad raised his head along with Onya doing the same and heard from the male speaker "Anyway Meritanians transport this All Seeing One back to his residence now. Our business with him is done."
Tom sensed a light show and found the High Council's speakers blaring "Transport Mindbender and Horus out now!"
He found the smell of salt air hitting him to find Jinks wretched himself out of his arm grips as he found his Berserker side willed aside. Tom snarled angrily and without a word began kicking and fisting Jinks using karate combative art moves onto the male who counterattacked with twin moves. He and Jinks fought violently while sensing them filmed and spied on by Barry he noticed standing nearby in the water with a cane in hand. Tom ignored Barry and kept on fighting Jinks as he found the male was relentless with his fisting and kicking till he felt like his strength was gone kneeled. Tom kneeled gasping for breath as Jinks, in response paced back and forth roaring angrily. He kept his mouth shut as Jinks roared and roared loudly followed by hearing Barry's familiar Builder chatter. Tom found his second wind and found himself back in the High Council's presence with Jinks as he willed forwards his Berserker side and restrained the male. Tom stood with a glare on his face him not commenting a word towards the High Council in a lengthy discussion behind the speakers. He noticed the speakers kept glancing up to stare at him before bowing their heads on and off. He felt annoyance take hold finding the High Council was in a lengthy discussion. Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard Sinister roaring within the back of his mind. He felt Jinks itching to take control, via mental abilities by the shaking felt, as his clawed hands were felt squeezing in a gentle move before releasing the squeezes. He kept his mouth shut further and waited as the High Council quit the discussion followed by Shad and Onya raising their heads.
Tom waited as Shad spoke "Anyhow what course of action do you recommended be done onto Horus by the Airens as they call themselves now, Mindbender?"
Tom, despite feeling angry but forced himself to be calm as his hands became more flesh from the feel followed speaking, still restraining Jinks he again compelled to speak words to his disgust "They don't give a bloody suck about Horus. Just as long as their fed and satisfied from the feeding of receiving the sacred drink, they want. Excuse my words but I'm speaking their mind's language at the moment. Their listening and expect me to speak in their fashion of words as a price tag for leading them. They expect me to lead them without questioning their motives."
Tom's hands resume the Berserker's style as he kept his mouth into a thin line and waited as one speaker spoke "What do you have to say about the possession stunt by this White Shadow?"
He heard Jinks speak firmly "I'm a fool who's foolish enough to let something simple as bad dreams cause me to allow White Shadow to possessive me in order to get those bad dreams to stop. I already paid my price for having that possession stunt done onto me. My hearing via my ears wound up more advanced than an Earthari another word for First One as the natives off planet now call the species I am. Its hell trying to avoid hearing what I'm not supposed to hear. Besides the Airens as they want to be called have insisted that I control them in their bloody sucking ways as Tom says while their among the natives on the Fishla's station dubbed Annoyov Barack Station, unsure of the name involving Annoyov."
Tom glared as he found the High Council going into discussion only to speak loudly after willing aside the Berserker, words spoken by compulsion "Horus is telling the truth on what the Airens want while their among the natives of the Annoyov Barack station. The Airens here specifically requested me to help with their bloody sucking feelings towards you and whoever here. I'm not at liberty to say if it's involved with leadership. Instead they asked. I do what I can."
Tom's hands resumed the bony look restraining Jinks as he felt his Berserker side in control. 
He gave the High Council a glare only to hear blared "Excuse me for interrupting but can I transport Horus now? The Airens have gotten restless without Horus's presence on the station enough to want to lash out in angry terms. They appear to detect Horus gone from the station and are in process of throwing a hissy fit. Don't ask me why I said that."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Ramses' blaring voice sounding in his mind as he eyed the High Council to find his hands off Jinks' arms followed by finding Jinks disappearing into a light show. He kept the glare aimed at the High Council. Tom kept the glare while having his Berserker side in control. He clenched his hands into fists and released them back and forth while glaring at the High Council that went into a lengthy discussion. Tom knew from knowing the High Council that they were up to something to punish Horus they blamed for causing White Shadow's stunts and appeared to refuse to accept White Shadow himself and his demise as punishment. Tom kept the glare while glaring at the High Council. He could see outlines of the Airens scattered around the room most keeping their distance from him due to sensing that they didn't like his Berserker side in control. He kept his fanged teeth clamped shut instead of gnashing them out of anger. Tom kept the glare till a light show flashed next to him he exhaled a breath sensing Elisa's presence by the familiar feeling hitting him whenever she was around him. He didn't comment a response to Elisa's appearance instead kept his eyes onto the High Council as Elisa without a word or acknowledgement was felt hugging him in a tight grip from the front. Tom forced himself to accept Elisa's hug forcing himself to relax from her body pressed onto his front and her arms around him. He didn't comment a response to the High Council's sensed staring at him he noticed that they were silent from their discussion and watching him. He kept himself calm as he noticed Airens via hidden status coming closer and closer to feel their clawed hands on his back including noticing some had hands onto Elisa's back that sensed stiffened from the touch. Tom sensed Elisa seemed shocked from it but, not protest to the Airens' touching her instead kept her hug hold onto him. He silently sighed softly and felt his angry mood going down from Elisa's hug hold as he felt the Airens' clawed hands gently rubbing his back. Tom willed aside the Berserker hearing nothing from the High Council via Speakers blaring their familiar line about his golden eyes them dubbed evil look whenever they saw it via manoids serving them. He lowered his head to eye Elisa, he saw had her head raised to face him and sighed softly as she reached out a hand slowly and placed it onto his scarred cheek. Tom sighed and shut his eyes pushing his face into Elisa's hand he felt was soothingly rubbing the area. He kept his eyes shut as Elisa resumed putting her cheek onto his chest via front while keeping her hand onto his cheek. He sighed feeling his bad mood going down and frowned as Elisa kissed him on scarred cheek followed by breaking off the hug. He didn't protest as he opened his eyes and found Elisa looking at him while giving him a glare. Tom sighed as Elisa walked away disappearing in a light show. He folded his arms and kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the High Council he feeling himself calm but still tensed up. He ignored the Airens felt rubbing his back and found the Airens' gathered around in his eyesight had gone to resume their positions in the room. Tom kept his mouth shut waiting for the High Council to give their orders. 
He didn't have long to wait as Shad and Onya raised their heads followed by the male speaker speaking "Mindbender, go take a nap. You look like you could use the sleep. Take one of the rooms in the bar room."
He sighed and didn't protest to the order the High Council gave him was speak for "Go do something about your appearance. It's disgusting."
Tom got from Onya "Dismissed Mindbender."
He obeyed to walk out of the room taking a route to the bar room despite taking the masked Highlander's roller coaster route. He went into the hallway to find a Listener snoozing on the floor that woke up with a jerk giving him narrowed black eyes. He ignored the Listener's glare that got up with an acrobatic move followed by appearing to sniff his front and heard a faint ugh sound.
Tom spoke in Hammarabbi "Just direct me to where I can clean myself hygiene wise since I smell."
He gave the Listener a glare who shrugged and without a word quit the sniffing and led the way to a room he recognized belonged to Barry by the extra mattress on it including Barry's familiar book sitting on the other bed. 
He didn't comment a response as the Listener was heard speaking "He's still around telling them the Meritanians' jokey behavior but prefers to take residence elsewhere. He gave us Listeners specific instructions of who can use his room when he's not in there. Your one of those people allowed."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as he walked inside finding the Listener darting away. He went into the bedroom to the bathroom thinking of using the shower facilities. 

Tom came out of the bathroom once cleaned of the shower and still clad in his familiar clothes, to find Barry with an all black eyed glare, sitting on the raised bed still holding his cane that jabbed it, aimed at him, while giving him a familiar look with his face. 
He groaned softly seeing Barry's expression was spoken for "You're bothered by something so talk."
Tom sighed and went to kneel in front of Barry who kept his eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him which he spoke firmly as he could despite sensing himself recorded "The High Council are going to blame Father in Law for the stunts that White Shadow did to them. Including punishment handed out to Father in Law in their anger towards the stunts done onto them and whoever around here. I wouldn't be surprised if they target me out of throwing a hissy fit when I had White Shadow taking control of me."
Tom clamped his mouth shut he recalling that Jinks preferred him to refer him as Father in Law instead of by his actual name when talking to him in private. He recalled that Barry seemed to agree with Jinks' name changed ordered him to do it. 
Tom frowned as Barry spoke "Interesting. Anything else Tom?'
He heard the firmness of Barry's voice tone to indicate that the male wanting him to explain something he was not fully saying.
Tom spoke sensing the recorders in the room off "I'm just angry for no good reason other than being furious with the situation regarding White Shadow and this ridiculous war of his with the Soulers. Elisa, a servant of Father in Law had to calm me down in the High Council's presence. They got her transported into their presence and she wound up hugging me enough to calm me down. I'm still a little angry at the moment but trying to move on with that."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and didn't say anything else as he sensed the recorders resume, he figured was via Listener attached to the ceiling that eavesdrop his words he told Barry despite not recorded saying it. He kept his mouth shut as he recalled the High Council still used Listeners with recorders on their forms, including their eyes, to witness scenes they wanted to see and that included mind scanning the Listeners, whenever they turned off the recorders to see the scene they saw. Tom didn't comment a response as Barry reached out a hand and gently touched his shoulder in a gentle grip. 
He sighed and didn't protest as Barry squeezed the shoulder before removing his hand and speaking "Just go lie down onto the spare bed. You could use the sleep anyway. I'll make sure that you're wakened when you're needed."
Tom sighed and without a protest went to the spare bed the mattress and laid his form down shutting his eyes despite his mind whirling of his situation involving White Shadow. 
He sighed as he heard Merra's familiar voice and comment blaring in his mind "Nighty night." 

Tom woke up with a start as the image of a female flashed into his mind seemingly familiar to him. He rolled over and shut his eyes as the image persisted. Tom frowned feeling a feeling hitting his sensitive part to his confusion as the image persisted. He shut his eyes and focused onto the image of a female he saw had a mark of a half triangle on her cheek and brown short hair while wearing a blue outfit that seemed like a uniform. Tom frowned eyeing the image of the female seeing she was appearing to be directing operations involving something via people wearing twin uniforms as her. Tom rolled over again and kept on focusing onto the female as if drawn via his mind. 
He sigh thinking to himself when the image continued "Jeez Meritanians."
Tom grunted an annoyed sound getting a headache hitting him as memories of Victoria Montreal, Jinks' daughter, his mate flashed into his mind making him jerk open his eyes gasping loudly of shock. Tom gasped loudly before sitting up with confusion hitting him of the image of the female in uniform with Victoria's face continued. He sat down and rolled over shaking his head of disgust while shutting his eyes. Tom felt the mattress become hard floor and heard a familiar ringing noise. He jerked open his eyes to swing himself up via acrobatic move to stand with a glare aimed at the High Council. Tom found a projection flashing above as he looked gulping seeing the female from his mind with Victoria's face. He frowned while hearing sound, after a lengthy silence, as Victoria's twin was heard speaking some things that sounded like she was the Commander of the Annoyov Barack Station, dubbing herself Yana Renova, with title Commander. Tom stiffened from the voice sounding familiar, twin to Victoria's via the tones and saw her mannerism appeared to be twin to his female. 
He stiffened with shock running through him as he realized with a start "She's Victoria!"
Tom kept watching as shock continued running through him, as the recorder a Listener, followed Victoria out of the Command Center and kept on following her all over the place, she seen greeting manoids that looked alien to him. Tom kept watching, as the recorder followed her to a door, appearing to be metallic in the wall that opened followed by another recording view showing overhead via ceiling. 
He glared at the recording as Terror was in view holding a baby who spoke "I see your shift is over with-"
Tom felt his mood plummet as he heard Victoria's voice speaking, interrupting Terror "Nope I came to check on Tam, mostly via senses cued to him indicating he's in trouble." Said Victoria who added "Why is my couch's table in pieces like smashed?"
Terror spoke "Just an argument between a Souler and Leader Jinks."
He got saw the recorder go lower to find Victoria in response giving Terror an all black eyed glare in response to his shock as the male spoke "Leader Jinks and I was talking subject on my childhood. The Souler via hidden status threatened me to keep my mouth shut. Jinks figured out that stunt and retaliated hence the smashed table in the living room."
Tom felt rage hitting him seeing the baby held Terror's arms who cooed being held as Victoria spoke "And? What else aren't you not admitting hmm?"
Tom heard Terror spoke the contents of his conversation with Jinks involving the name of Victoria Montreal, to Victoria, who looked like she was shocked to hear, and what the Souler did including Jinks, tripping him enough to smash the table. 
Tom growled angrily as Terror added "I got the impression that they don't like each other very much hence this tripping joke Jinks did."
Tom growled without a word as Victoria spoke "You owe me a table for that smashed status, Souler and quit sticking your sword onto my neck now."
Tom exhaled a breath to find a Souler, via recording appear from hidden status next to Victoria while holding a sword onto her neck. 
He felt anger as he heard Terror yell "Get that thing off my female's neck now!"
Tom gave up a growl as he eyed Terror who got up in a fast move and stomped towards the Souler who faded from view removing the sword. He growled angrily as Victoria without a word left the apartment he figured it was with the door slamming. He kept on watching as Terror without a word went to sit down still holding the baby that wailed cries indicated it was hungry from the sounds. Tom growled finding his Berserker side in control and found himself filmed from the sensation. He found himself in Victoria's residence in the station. Tom willed aside the Berserker and heard a crying noise he ignored to wait as the doors to the bedroom opened followed by Terror seen holding a baby in hand walking out. Tom struck out a fist in an angry move thumping it onto Terror's face and yanked the baby from the male's arms. He tossed the baby onto the couch ignoring it and kept on growling softly as he repeatedly fisted Terror on the face that shook his head from the blows. 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker and snarled mentally "Throw back, pinned, paralysis."
He snarled angrily as Terror was thrust backwards to hit the wall and pinned by an invisible wall. 
Terror, he heard grunted as he ordered "Choke."
Tom heard a baby wailing loudly he ignored followed by hearing the door to the apartment manipulated open. 
Tom snarled hearing loudly "The famous Tom, Mindbender, as said by Tam-Mykola MacLeod, will that status away now."
He snarled angrily hearing Victoria's familiar voice sounded creepy and angry to him as he managed to obey willing aside the Berserker while giving Victoria a glare of accusation. Tom stood in the bedroom facing Victoria who had arms folded and she looked angry despite the all black eyed look and appeared to not know who he really was to his anger. 
Terror spoke "Terran, where did you put him?"
Tom snarled "On the couch."
Terror spoke "Excuse me."
Terror to his disgust, made a motion to walk by Victoria only to see her hands blocking the male and her speaking "Hold on a minute Terror."
He snarled angrily softly growling as Terror obeyed to stand next to Victoria followed by her adding "Talk Terror as to what you meant calling me 'My female.'"
He gave Terror a glare who gulped as he willed forwards Sinister with his eyes were golden Human colored that narrowed into a glare aimed at the male with violence wanting to hurt hitting him. 
Terror, he found to his anger was eyeing Victoria in the eyes "I don't like seeing females hurt or threatened by males. It doesn't matter if its dominance or declaration of whom the female belongs to. I apologize for using the term 'My female.' It's just how I feel towards females being threatened."
He found Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Victoria heard spoke "Something you want to admit, Tom?"
Terror spoke his familiar forgiveness line again making him angry enough to willing forwards his Berserker side and waving clawed hands into Victoria's face that refused to flinch from the waving. Victoria, he saw was reacting the same to his Berserker side into her face without a word remained standing with arms folded a glare on her face refusing to blink from his hand's waving. 
Terror spoke loudly "Oh for crying out loud!"
Terror stepped in between Victoria and him while snarling "Just scratch me, Tom as long as you keep Victoria from being scratched."
Tom gave up another growl aware Terror said Victoria not Yana, glared at Terror, who ignored him and kept on waving clawed hands onto the male's face. He saw Terror raised a hand fisting it and punched him into the face off the side of the head. 
Tom managed to willing aside the Berserker and snarling in some angry voice tone "No other female but Victoria is mine period."
Tom heard nothing from Terror but Victoria stepping into view and speaking "Tam-Mykola MacLeod left detailed information of this Victoria you're talking about, Tom. She's Jinks' daughter who disappeared mysteriously-"
"She's in front of me." Tom interrupted sounding firm while glaring at her who continued speaking ignoring his outburst "Victoria had an untimely death according to MacLeod but not described what it was. It's the fact, Terror that Tom is still obsessed with this Victoria enough to see me as her when I'm not her."
Tom exhaled a breath allowing anger to take control when he heard a baby crying loudly which heard Terror spoke "Terran."
Tom found Terror went to make a move only to find Victoria blocking the male's way with her hands resuming onto his front. 
He heard Terror grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response as Victoria spoke "Meritanians, kindly transport Tom out and teach him a lesson that his Victoria isn't me."
Tom yelled "No!"
He found himself in the High Council's presence restrained by the Falcons as he saw a recorder above showing a Listener had managed to gain entrance into Victoria's station residence. He growled angrily despite his mind scanned to feel his angry mood going down enough to simmer but still there. Tom kept his eyes onto the recording while ignoring his mind scanned. He saw Victoria kneel followed by her appear to be rocking her form and crying tears. Victoria he saw, was sinking down onto her knees and appeared to have a crying fit with eyes watering and her eyes shown Human blue. Tom growled angrily while eyeing Victoria, via recording who kept on crying while rocking her form back and forth. 
He grunted as Terror spoke his familiar line again to get Victoria speaking "MacLeod gave full details of what really happened to Victoria as in she having her mind wiped of her love for Tom, and assimilated onto the Human population on basis for her writing career turned out so popular that they were demanding for her. MacLeod said that Victoria became an Airhead another term for mating among same genders and never married to anyone male wise. He also said that Victoria was in too much pain from the loss of not having a special someone she couldn't figure out who that was, she sought ways to leave Aire which MacLeod pointed out a way and she left. She wound up in the care of the Commandant, an Ancient One who's living long enough with telepathy to mind wipe her to think she's his daughter-"
Tom heard a gasp of shock loudly hearing Victoria's words as she kept on speaking while still sobbing "Victoria remembers everything including her love to Tom when she saw him and had to let go of him to move on to live with someone else."
Tom gave up a loud roar hearing Victoria's confession confirming that she was Victoria Montreal herself, and saw Terror placed a hand onto her shoulder the male not commenting a word.
He felt Anubis kept his mouth shut as she spoke "Just hug me."
Terror, he saw to his anger, obeyed while holding the baby she wrapping arms around them both. He didn't comment once his mouth was freed seeing to Victoria's hug seemed tight as she kept on sobbing loudly. Tom gave up another roar of anger only to get Anubis blocking his mouth. He snarled angrily as he found himself freed from the grips of the Falcons and Anubis to find himself in the brig. Tom snarled angrily while pacing back and forth as his senses blared warning abruptly he ignored. Tom paced back and forth feeling his mood bad again. 
He snarled out "Victoria is mine."
He kept on repeating his words as he paced back and forth while contained in the brig belonging to the High Council. Tom felt his mood become worse off quit his pacing to will forward his Berserker side only to find Anubis standing behind the cell bars that gave up a growl. He found the bars sliding open with a bang sound followed by feeling gloved hands of the Falcons onto his arms in tight ironclad holds. 
Tom found himself back in the High Council's presence speakers ordering "Will that status away now, Mindbender!"
He obeyed as if compelled despite still angry. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Well what should we do with you, Mindbender?"
Tom snarled out "Victoria is mine."
He felt his mood still bad as ever as he gave the High Council a golden eyed glare he ignoring the speakers speaking "Mindbender! Will that evil eyed look away now!"
Tom ignored the High Council to give out a loud roar of anger finding himself no longer in their presence but at the familiar sandy beach where he fought Jinks before multiple times. He sensed himself filmed ignored it to do karate movements only to feel a foot connect with his leg when doing a karate kick knocking him down onto the sandy ground. Tom got up in a fast move via acrobatic move to find his Victoria clad in her alien uniform with short hair in the color of brown standing with hands up she making a come gesture with her hand and showing all black eyes. Tom felt his mood plummet further seeing that from Victoria who he knew from memory of her never shown fight gestures instead hugged him. He felt rage willed forwards the Berserker only to find it willed aside and kept aside as if compelled. Tom felt his rage take control as he charged at Victoria ignoring that she was kicking and punching him back using alien karate onto him halting his charge. He grunted from her foot connecting with his stomach to gulp out air before kneeling and shutting his eyes willing himself to calm. Tom sensed Victoria gone by the familiar click sound to groan while rocking his form crying tears as he felt his mood no longer bad but sadness hitting him. 
He wailed "Victoria!"
Tom wailed Victoria's name over and over till his throat became raw from the screaming till he curled into a ball and forced himself to sleep ignoring the water overtaking the island covering him as he found himself transported out. He found himself transported to the High Council's throne room feeling dead inside as he got up and didn't say a word to the High Council sensed watching him. He stood with his clothes plastered to his form while staring at the floor waiting for the High Council to pass judgment. 
Tom didn't have long to wait as he heard "Mindbender, my son, the pain will go away. Don't worry about it. Let us take care of you, my son, by serving us with undivided loyalties."
Tom spoke "You have my loyalty, High Council. I will serve you with undivided loyalties as you wish."
He exhaled a breath hearing the dead monotone voice he spoken in to groan softly feeling his familiar senses of Barry spying going away he figured Terror spied onto him to his disgust. 
Tom heard in response "We must retire for sleep mode. Mindbender come along now."
He obeyed to follow the High Council taking a warily distance from the speakers as they followed passed the chairs to the stairs up that led to quarters. Tom went to his quarters that had a door permanently open unlike the other High Council members' quarters that had door shut. He went inside and threw himself onto the bed only to feel a body on the bed. 
Tom got off with a start finding Elisa lying on the bed that gave him a glare and got from her "Can't you watch what your doing?"
He groaned and without a word went to kneel at the foot of the bed and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate despite angry. He found himself sliding to the floor curling into a ball while moaning out Victoria's name over and over. Tom ignored the lengthy time it took for him to lie there groaning till he felt a hand shaking his shoulder.
"See here, sir its time for you to be up and out now, Tom." He heard from Elisa as he forced himself to get up seeing her giving him a familiar Victoria's glare via eyes all black. 
Tom ignored Elisa and without a word walked out to find the High Council gathered in the meeting room with the speakers standing with heads bowed. He sighed and without a word led the procession to the throne room to stand at the bottom of the steps ignoring the speakers heard growling at his back. Tom walked away only to find the Falcons grabbing his arms and twisting him around to face the High Council. He glared at the group as their familiar projection image flashed showing Victoria entering her residence. He felt his anger taking hold again as he watched the recording. Tom snarled angrily as Victoria without a word grabbed Terror's arm and pulled the male into the bedroom she shutting the doors behind them. He felt his rage as Victoria got Terror onto the rugged floor sitting down crossed legged followed by her kissing the male on the lips. He growled angrily as Terror removed Victoria from him who looked upset. 
Tom ignored Terror's words speaking he hearing spoken firmly "The Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair with any females of manoid species other than themselves."
Tom kept the snarling as he got nothing in response from the High Council or Victoria but heard from her in response "Just wake me when Terran wails to be fed."
He heard the voice tone seemed accepting Terror as he saw the male adjusted his position to comfortably sit down as his senses again blared indicating Barry's spying via All Seeing One ability. Tom willed forwards his Berserker side feeling Anubis keeping his jaw shut from roaring. He stood in the High Council's throne room restrained by the Falcons his Berserker's side in control him growling angrily seeing the contents of the recording. He growled as Victoria without a word heard via the recording went to the bed to lie down on and got the blanket covering her form. Tom watched as Terror at the moment got up going to the bed which he growled angrily. He, Tom saw went to the bed to sit cross legged onto it as Victoria laid her head onto Terror's lap to his anger. Tom snarled growling angrily seeing Victoria put her head onto the lap of Terror who ignored her and appeared to remain asleep sitting up. He felt his mood bad again snarled an angry sound his extended fanged teeth jaws kept clamped shut by Anubis having hands over the area. All he could do was growl via his throat angrily and loudly despite ignoring the High Council seemingly in a discussion behind their speakers. He kept the mood angrily as Victoria kept on sleeping onto Terror's lap using it as a pillow and appeared to be cuddling with the male in some loved status method. He kept on glaring with rage running through him as Terror rubbed a hand on top of Victoria's forehead that appeared to smile from the rub but remained asleep. Tom snarled angrily rumbling growling as he felt his mind scanned. 
He ignored a Meritanian sensed scanning him as he exploded his thoughts "I'll kill him for touching my Victoria! She's mine alone! Victoria is mine!"
He ignored the mind scanning to repeat his words while letting rage running through him as he found himself freed from the holds of Anubis and Falcons to smell the salt air along with finding himself onto his sandy island. Tom roared and roared of anger running through him he screamed his head off despite having the Berserker side in control. He kept on screaming and screaming till he felt fed up with the Berserker side in control willed it aside and kneeled along with still screaming and screaming. Tom found his throat raw with pain quit his screaming to feel sadness hitting him to burst into tears weeping loudly. He wailed and wailed before curling into a ball still crying away and ignoring the water felt covering him plastering his clothes. Tom found himself back into his metallic bedroom from the looks of it. He straightened his form to remain kneeling and let his hands sit onto his thighs as he forced himself to zone out not thinking of anything but a blank mind. Tom remained kneeling staring at the floor seemingly lengthy ignoring the hand waving in front of his eyes. He didn't flinch when the hand turn into a snap and snapped near his eyes. He ignored it and kept on staring at the floor till a fist connected with his face repeatedly over and over forcing himself to raise his hands blocking the fisting. Tom formed a golden eyed look to glare at the hand's owner was Jinks, clad in Lance Richard's getup. 
Tom glared at Jinks with anger running through him as he snarled "Get out, Jinks-"
"Jinks?" he was interrupted who added "I'm not Jinks but your brother, Anyan, talking to you-"
Tom interrupted "Then get out and leave me alone."
He resumed staring at the floor only to get fisted onto the face again as he blocked it and gave the male, Anyan he recognized via the clothes twin to Lance Richard's past, indicated of a crown with rubies on the head, a brown dressy like tunic and black leggings on it with black slipper shoes appearing to be boots. 
Tom snarled "Leave me alone." 
Anyan he heard spoke in response "Why should I when my own brother is mooning over a girl he can't have enough to become a mindless soul to do nothing but ignore everything all around him?"
Tom glared at Anyan and spoke "That girl was my mate my love of my life I seek to give me a purpose to do other than being a damned assassin of the High Council-"
"Assassin is what you are and what you'll be for as long as you live." He got from Anyan interrupting him who added "Just accept it, that if you can't have this female, then no one should have her, but only death should."
Tom stared at Anyan with eyes widen of shock as the male continued "If you can't have your girl then no one should. Why don't you kill her instead? See if assassinating her will prove a price for abandoning you at your hour of need?"
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as Anyan forced his eyes shut which he came to finding his face patted by a hand as he blinked his eyes. 
He found Elisa was the hand's owner that spoke "Quit daydreaming now and pay attention."
Tom felt his mood plummet further hearing Elisa's words as she added "You're wanted in the High Council's meeting room."
He got up and left his quarters only to find Elisa meant throne room. Growling angrily he walked down the steps to the door yanking it open with great strength followed by shutting it behind him. Tom found various High Council members chattering in his mind triggering his Berserker in control to his annoyance.
He heard "So Victoria Montreal is back to planet Aire. 
What should we do about her hmm? 
Nothing! 
Just let her have a life on the station. 
Fine."
Tom felt rage hitting him growled angrily as he found himself transported out to back to another spot to the High Council's throne room restrained by the Falcons and Anubis. He glared at the High Council that ignored him glaring while going into a further discussion. Tom snarled a growling sound finding himself again in the High Council's presence restrained by the guards, Falcons and Anubis as his Berserker side was willed aside. 
He glared at the High Council with hatred running through him this time as Shad spoke "So my son, tell us what's gotten you upset."
Tom found his mouth freed by Anubis and found his efforts to will forward his Berserker side not coming true. 
He glared at the High Council as he snarled "I hate you!"
Tom snarled his comment repeatedly over and over to the point that Anubis had to cover his mouth again. 
He glared at the High Council he snarled thinking to himself ignoring a Meritanian mind scanning him "I'll kill Victoria when I get the chance and kill the High Council to be permanently gone. They destroyed me and Victoria and should die for this. Victoria destroyed me and should die for this stunt."
He kept the glare onto the High Council as Tank, he figured was the Meritanian, continued to mind scan him he ignored he repeating his thoughts over and over to finding himself compelled to speak his words out loud. Tom snarled angrily once he was done speaking his words out loud to give off a loud roar only to get blocked by Anubis covering his mouth. Tom willed forwards Sinister in control while glaring at the High Council who remained silent behind their speakers. He glared with hatred running through him as Anyan walked into view from eyeing the group. 
Tom glared at Anyan and the High Council back as the male spoke "Is this all you have to show with your efforts of being trapped by the Falcons and Anubis? You were trained in combative art including getting out of traps enough to do this very well. What's stopping you from getting out of the trapped status hmm?"
Tom found Anyan walking away out of sight as he recalled his combative art training obeyed to do it onto the Falcons and Anubis will willing forwards his Berserker side once freed. He gave up a loud roar and gave the death order to Anubis and Falcons when they tried to grab him into another trapped status. Tom ignored the results of that to charge towards the High Council finding their speakers forming defensive growling poses with their weapons in front of them and waiting for him to meet them. He proceeded to use combative art training and acrobatic training to sail over the speakers getting behind them to with feet aimed at them both knocked them off the stairs. He heard grunts and groans from them as he turned around and glared at the High Council with rage running through him. Tom snarled angrily while noticing the High Council was motionless in their seats as he charged forwards to assassinate them. Tom gave up another roar and charged toward the High Council as a body connected with him he struggled to push aside. He found his back whacked by weapons of a sword and spear's points including stabbed as the body hugged him. Tom found the body was female making him even madder enough to throw her aside. He heard his name called in a feminine voice he ignored to charge towards the High Council. 
Tom heard "Tom, help!"
It broke his raging mood as he looked as if drawn to find Shad was thrusting his sword down onto a female figure lying on the ground he saw was Victoria appearing to be shaking pain from her head with her eyes shut. He gulped when he saw Shad was going to stab Victoria which he in a burst of speed darted towards them both. Tom with fast speed got his form on top of Victoria covering her as he felt Shad stab him via the back along with Onya thrusting her spear onto his back. 
He felt himself passing out unconscious to mentally speak to Victoria still covered by him "I love you, Victoria."
Tom felt the Berserker willed aside as he felt himself passing out unconscious surrendering to the darkness hitting him who he floated above his body seeing it whacked by Shad and Onya. He found Shad and Onya quit the whacking followed by walking away. Tom saw Jinks come into view to remove him followed by Victoria clutching him while appearing to cry tears. Tom felt himself sailing into the air only to find himself back into a familiar clearing of glowing green color. 
He stood and found a male with his face and his form blocking his way of moving anywhere and speaking "My life I give for yours."
Tom frowned as his twin with a grown form of him but having brown hair stood facing the four horsemen he grimaced seeing the male facing them as he found his body lying nearby while he was floating. 
He kept on watching as the male with his face, spoke, sounding like him but more like Victoria "Death I offer my life in return for my Father to live again. I would die for him and I'm willing to trade my life for him. I'm easily replaced but my Father isn't. He is valued and has people who value him even if the value is for the wrong reasons."
Sword, he recognized spoke in response "Brother, do it since he's willing. I can see it within his soul."
Tom watched, as Death without a word held up his hands and saw his twin faded into an energy ball looking twin to a Tennan's entity followed by shifting in a twelve year old girl with all white eyes and wearing a raggedy dress standing in place of him. He recognized the girl as the sister of the four horsemen Life herself. 
He heard gasps of shock from the four horsemen as the girl spoke while holding up her hands "Life I give for life I will be."
Tom watched as the girl's hands formed an entity ball in between followed by her thrusting the ball onto his own body which he found himself back into his body. Tom woke up jerking open his eyes gasping loudly. Tom woke up finding himself lying in a tube with confusion hitting him. He felt the tube's glass showed no longer night vision but a vast lengthy ceiling above him followed by the glass removing itself as he sat up with anger still running through him. Tom willed forwards the Berserker to dart off the tube's bed that went back into the wall. He heard shrieking sounds that sounded like an alarm to him as he found a wall of Soulers thrusting out swords facing him in one direction they appearing from hidden states. Tom sensed a light show at the moment found Terror next to him holding a baby that gave him a familiar feeling he shocked to get. He found his Berserker side in control as the Soulers wound up forming a line in front with him. Terror was heard speaking his familiar line in a firm loud voice to find the Soulers quit their threatening behavior and stood in two rows leading elsewhere. Tom willing aside his Berserker to find the line led to a figure sitting on the floor hooded giving him the creeps. Terror still holding a baby walked up to him and without a word walked with the male next to him towards the hooded figure. 
They both halted once an arm length away by the figure, he hearing "That's close enough. Kneel."
Tom obeyed as Terror did the same he felt anger hitting but balked his violent mood. 
The hooded figure was heard speaking "Hand the baby to Tom as he's the father and his right."
Terror to his shock, obeyed finding the male not protesting to it instead he studied the baby with a narrowed eyed look he stiffened seeing his face on the baby's. 
He looked at the hooded figure warily to hear the being again speaking "Tell me, Tom why your son is lifeless in your arms?"
Tom with a frown had a range of emotions flashing on his face as he was shocked then realized something recalling the twin he realized was his son.
Tom looked at the being and spoke "He gave his life for me."
He heard the tearful voice of himself as he heard nothing more from the being in response but found himself and the male transported out to the High Council's throne room his son no where in sight in his arms. Terror, he saw stood up with arms folded a glare at the High Council as he found himself remained kneeling with tears spilling from his eyes. He ignored Terror sensed glaring at the High Council as he noticed that they were motionless behind their seats to notice one at a time they waved their hands and waggled their heads. 
Terror heard speaking his familiar line to hear "You, Mindbender is not replaceable as our son and treasured servant of ours.'
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that from both Speakers to only remain silent in response only to hear from Shad "Transport Terror out now!"
Tom heard nothing more from the High Council as the lights dimmed. He found a projection recording of Terror transported to Victoria's quarters finding her lying on the bed asleep with Jinks next to her seated that gave the male a glare.
Jinks wound up speaking Terror's familiar line which Terror wound up speaking to his shock "Tam gave up his life for Tom to live again. He lives, as an offspring and favored servant of the High Council."
Jinks spoke "Just take a nap or something. You look like you could use the sleep."
He heard the firmness of Jinks' voice tone to keep on crying tears as his familiar spying sense blared again. Tom kneeled while in the High Council's throne room letting tears spill from his eyes he sobbed quietly. He sensed hands rubbing his shoulders he ignored to continue to cry for his son that sacrificed himself for him to live again. Tom kept on crying tears seemingly lengthy as he felt hands rubbing his shoulders he sensed belonged to the Falcons. He didn't comment a response as he sensed Anubis's hand on the top of his head gently rubbing as he wiped his eyes of the water. 
Tom heard loudly "Transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep and make sure he sleeps, Meritanians."
He sighed as the brightness of the High Council's throne room shifted to dimness to find himself back into his familiar metallic bedroom to groan softly. Tom forced himself to get up and threw himself onto the bed lying onto it on his stomach. 
He was moaning "Victoria" over and over.
Tom remained sleeping in bed crying tears on and off. He felt a hand shaking his shoulder shaking him from a sleeping status to groan rolling over facing Anyan who was seated on the bed with a frown on his face. 
He sighed as Anyan spoke "Tell me, my son what's gotten you upset?"
Tom obeyed, admitting his relationship problems with Victoria followed by ending of his own son Tam sacrificing his life for his father to live again. Tom looked away to resume crying as Anyan he felt gently rubbing a hand onto his forehead and didn't comment a word. Tom sensed that Anyan was Lance Richard communicating within his mind as he grabbed Anyan's hand gently holding it to his scarred cheek and placed it there. Tom shut his eyes feeling the hand covering the cheek as real as his own hand and felt nothing of his mind scanned. He ignored the hand felt cold and hard that remained rubbing his scarred cheek as he removed his hand from holding it. Tom sighed and remained lying in bed feeling the hand shift into a Banshee's hand he ignored him feeling his mind scanned and figured the hand belonged to his Father. He ignored the Banshee hand felt examining his scarred cheek as he kept his eyes shut and remained asleep despite unable to pass out unconscious. Tom felt the hand was gentle in its examination of his cheek as he ignored it and allowed the touch. He sighed once the hand moved to his forehead to rub the area gently as he felt himself finally surrendered to the urge of sleepiness hitting him passed out unconscious.

Tom remained lying in bed sleeping on and off till Elisa got him awake and she speaking with disapproval in her voice "Get up and get out of those clothes now!"
He obeyed to get up despite feeling dead inside and stood naked followed by kneeling onto the cold hard floor. 
Tom found the scene changed to feel himself kneeling on top of a bed while he sighed realizing "The High Council is having me mate with someone. I don't want anyone but Victoria."
Tom stiffened when his familiar staring sense involving Jinks was sensed as he forced himself to lie down onto the bed putting an arm over his eyes waiting for the female to have her way with him. He heard a door open followed by loud gasp along with sounds of clothes being tossed aside including the thumps of shoes. Tom kept his eyes shut waiting as the female, felt naked straddled him that felt familiar and familiar when he felt his sensitive part guided inside her. Tom removed his arm with a gasp feeling the tightness surrounding him was Victoria's who rocked him he watching her and seeing her eyes rolled. Tom felt his deadness quit followed by feeling alive again as he gave up a roar once spilled inside Victoria while hearing her familiar shriek. 
He sighed and eyed Victoria who focused onto him to find her speaking "Take control, do what you want."
Tom exhaled a breath and without a word didn't protest as Victoria pulled him out of her to kiss him on the lips while still straddling him. He gave up moaning sounds while hearing her moan in response as he rubbed hands onto her back. Tom switched positions in a fast move and didn't hold back with his mouth licking and sucking Victoria all over the place not sparing her breasts' nipples or privates or her scarring on her cheek he felt was a mark and not a scar. He wound up making another round of sucking her nipples again while hearing her sigh and moan in response. Tom sensed no resistance from Victoria as he again entered her and eyed her face seeing her eyes were rolled in response as he thrust himself in and out of her. Tom again gave up his familiar roar once spilling inside Victoria hearing her familiar shriek in response to the feelings of pleasure and aliveness running through him. Tom sighed and pulled out to gently kiss Victoria on the lips she having her hands onto his cheeks. He ignored her hand on his scarred cheek to his relief that felt right to him via the touch. Tom kissed Victoria lengthy and didn't hear a protest from her as he broke off the kiss to again enter her while again feeling hard. He sighed mating with Victoria again both giving off their noises once spilling inside her. Tom heard a throat clearing noise to sigh and adjusted position till Victoria was on top of him, he fondling her breasts' nipples. He moaned with regret as Victoria got him inside her which he and her both gave up their familiar noises. Tom sighed again as Victoria got up from the bed as he remained lying and found himself back into his metallic bedroom from the looks of it with a frown on his face. 
Tom frowned as Elisa's head came into view followed by her speaking "Shouldn't you be up and dressed?"
Groaning Tom obeyed to get up getting dressed into his familiar uniform involving the High Council only to find Elisa balking on doing his hair and snatching his hairbrush out of his hand. 
Tom frowned as Elisa spoke loudly "Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he has to go now."
He found himself in the Zesky Asylum feeling swords poking him all over. Tom recognized the airplane hanger room as he found an oxygen mask covering his mouth putting him asleep.
His last thought as he fell unconscious "Victoria."

Tom came to feeling a foot tapping him on the leg from lying on metallic floor. He shook sleepiness from his head as the foot removed itself. Tom found himself wearing odd clothes that felt more confining highlighting every muscle on his form. He jerked open his eyes to see the foot's owner was a young girl with hints of womanhood giving him an all black eyed glare as he found her accompanied by a young boy taller than her almost looking adult to him that had identical black eyes. Tom grunted hearing noises sounding in the vicinity that sounded like a trading center to him as he swung himself up with an acrobatic move. Tom found the boy and girl he figured were teenagers folding their arms and cocking their heads, with eyes narrowed in glares. He gulped seeing the glare as a male manoid with a head of a fish and Human blue eyes creeping him out walked up into view giving him a glare. Tom noticed like the teens and the manoid were wearing twin outfits with long as anklet jackets but the manoid male had spots on his brown jacket as the teens had theirs almost black.
Tom frowned gulping to realize his outfit was twin to theirs minus the jacket, as the manoid spoke "Hmph a new Leader who needs to earn the badge of one."
He noticed badges on the teens and manoid that appeared to be watery looks to him. 
Tom spoke recognizing the language as Basic spoken as if compelled "Tom Thunder is the name. Have you seen Yana Renova? I oath her I would return from my mission of flying my fighter to find General Duncan Leroy's rebel group from the civil war with the Telepath commander Commandant."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling annoyed with what he blurts as the manoid spoke "Interesting story after being tossed to the floor by the Soulers."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as the manoid added "I'm Leader Lave, leader and Commander of the Leaders such as you wearing the uniform of one and commands them. This is D'Clan, and his sister T'La. Good luck trying to get it T'La's hand language. It's her form of communication since she can't talk but beware of what you say she can hear you and so can her brother ready to tell her."
Tom shifted to eye the teens finding T'La without a word or signed gesture going up to him appearing to be sniffing his front he glared with annoyance running through him. 
Tom glared as T'La made gestures with her hands he finding himself understanding her "Smells clean, as in cleaned by the washing machine."
He exhaled a breath to glare at T'La who noticed his glare put hands onto her hips as he heard "Visitors here have to be cleaned properly by the machine involving it. It always leave a stink when their cleaned by it."
He sighed hearing D'Clan's voice sounding like Jinks to him as he eyed Leader Lave he figured he'll refer him.
Tom frowned as Leader Lave spoke "Yana Renova, you're seeking her hmm for what reason?"
He blurts to his shock "I love her."
Tom felt himself annoyed with what he blurts as Leader Lave spoke "Interesting term for mate friend that you Earthari as we of Fishla, call your species have towards pairings. Nevertheless T'La and D'Clan see to that booth over there. It looks like there's going to be a fight from the looks of it."
He saw Leader Lave pointing to see the teens dart away to see two Tygera from the looks of them as humanoid white tigers with Human like faces and whiskers get into a fist fight with each other. Tom frowned to shift towards Leader Lave walking away ignoring him he compelled to follow. He followed Leader Lave ignored by the restless natives of the trading center he looking around while following the manoid he figured species was referred as Fishla. Tom frowned as Leader Lave seemed to be aware of him following got him into a corridor where there was no one around followed by stopping to give him a narrowed eyed glare. He felt a sword's side poking his neck as Leader Lave's eyes turned all black looking creeping him out. 
Tom found the Berserker side in control as he heard blared in his mind "Oh ho!"
"Interesting reaction to my talk!" He frowned but flexed a clawed hand in Leader Lave's direction he figured blared the talk into his mind like a mind walker who added "Souler got a sword to you neck eh?"
He sighed and mentally spoke in response "What can I tell you?"
Tom heard mentally in his mind "Quit mind scanning him. It's getting that odd side he dubs Berserker in control."
He sighed when Leader Lave quit the all black eyed look to will the Berserker aside finding a sword still poking his neck he gulped from the feel. 
Tom frowned as Leader Lave spoke "Alright talk to me on what's your feelings involving love towards Yana Renova anyway? I figured that a Souler having sword onto your neck is to keep you from saying the wrong thing."
Tom sensed the sword off his neck along with his shoulder squeezed by an invisible hand. 
He spoke firmly "I love her enough to feel alive and have a purpose to live. I was thinking death too many times without her in my life. I know I'm valued and can't be replaced hence I live for her."
He clamped his mouth shut to find Leader Lave cocking his head with a far away look in his Human blue eyes him frowning to see. 
Tom frowned as Leader Lave shook his head he hearing "Terra." spoken from him.
Tom didn't say a word as Leader Lave added "Come along with me while I get you to Yana."
He wordlessly followed while paying attention to where they were going to find themselves in the Command Center he sighing hearing Victoria's voice speaking commands loudly. Tom eyed Victoria with pride hitting him as Leader Lave ignored him he noticed her looking in his direction. Tom found Leader Lave stepping aside as Victoria gave up a loud shriek sounding of joy silencing the room. He sighed as Victoria showed a happy look on her face followed by darting towards him to jump up him catching her followed by her kissing him on the lips. Tom rolled his eyes from the kiss feeling her hands on the back of his neck as he kissed her back while sensing themselves stared at. 
Tom kept kissing Victoria and heard a familiar voice speaking loudly "Excuse me I'm not acquainted with our visitor that the Commander is. So who's this new Leader in question?"
Tom got from Leader Lave in response "Just asks the Commander. I'm not the one to tell you. Pardon me."
He sensed Leader Lave depart by senses indicating it, as he again heard from the voice out loud "Typical Fishla, never telling you what you need to know-"
Tom found regret when Victoria interrupted by breaking off the kiss and speaking "Tom, where have you been anyway? Last I saw were you taking that ill fated mission via fighter to seek General Leroy and escape the Commandant. I was forced to do this myself with the death of a Telepath via my own hand and capturing a warship to find General Leroy myself when it was obvious you weren't returning."
Tom sighed to put Victoria down onto her feet as he noticed Terror next to them who had his mouth clamped into a thin line while giving him a glare as he cleared his throat. 
He spoke as if compelled by the Meritanians again annoying him "Don't remember much involving that trip I took. Only that the Commandant blew me out of the sky. Not sure of how the Fishla found me but they claim that the Tennans' found me and kept me alive to be dumped onto Fishlala the Fishla's home world. Details are kind of fuzzy in my mind actually. Besides the Fishla asked me not to say much about this subject out of respects to the Tennans with an agreement between both species. I'm not privy to the details."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing a growling noise of manoid sounding angry sounding within the room. He saw Terror formed a glare and shifted to look elsewhere to find a male Human with markings twin to Victoria's on cheek and Earthari on the arm, appear from a hidden status with blonde hair and all black eyes. The Earthari he figured was a Gate Destroyer despite he not sure how he knew removed the black eyes showing golden Human eyes who without a word went up to him and appeared to be sniffing his shoulder while appearing to be twin heights as him. 
Terror, heard spoke firmly "Gate Destroyer don't you have respects for the dead returned to the living?"
He saw Terror glaring at the Gate Destroyer who shrugged and without a word or a growl quit the sniffing and walked away form fading from view he not sure what it involved. Tom frowned as a light shined him finding it belonged to a being floating near the ceiling that was like an angelic being with a Human bald head and face with a feminine form in a white robe. 
He frowned as the being gave up beeps he heard he finding himself translating within his mind "Love is strange, doesn't it Kennik? Like your leader in love with his female Diana herself. That love is shared with Commander Renova towards this male regardless of his story or where he came from. It's love between them period. Ignore the lies they both said. It's just love talking."
Tom frowned as he heard a Bah comment sounding of the Gate Destroyer hidden within the room he realized had hidden status ability."
He sighed finding Victoria blaring loudly "Resume operations now!"
Tom didn't protest as noises resumed in the room as Victoria he watched as the station's Commander resumed functions of the station giving out commands ignoring him. Tom without a word went to the table to sit down with arms folded and appeared to be attentive to Victoria giving out her commands as the noises in the room resumed. He sensed himself spied on to see Terror sitting on the floor near the angelic being still giving off beeping noises. He sighed forcing himself to watch both Victoria, as Terror spied onto him looking around the room silently watching and listening. 
Tom sighed to hear the being beeped "Just take a look and see where you're compelled to view."
He eyed Terror who obeyed appearing to see within his mind with his eyes shut focusing onto something he recognized the look involving his All Seeing One ability. He kept on eyeing Terror who showed a range of emotions on his face followed by a fear look as the male opened his eyes as the beeping by the being resumed. 
Tom glared at Terror willing forwards Sinister as he found the being putting a hand on top of Terror's head who beeped him hearing "Nothing to fear but Edenia." He gasped hearing her using the name as she kept on beeping "Now having visitors to her moon world accepted now. Just don't worry, like your female says 'Peace not war' whenever she sings that we hear her." Tom kept the glare as the being kept on beeping "What your female the Queen knows we of the Sora, Tennan speak for Queen, knows for all are connected via mind including to your Queen. We, Sora give respects to the Father of us all that is you."
Tom saw Terror appear to compose himself finding the being he figured was named Sora again forming a thoughtful expression on her face and resumed singing her beeping noises while again floating next to the male removing her hand from his head. He saw Terror shifted to look around the room noticing his glare aimed at him and appeared to gulp seeing he was giving him a golden eyed glare. Tom stopped displaying golden eyes instead looked away to resume staring at Victoria still acting as Commander Yana Renova. 
Tom exhaled a breath and heard blaring in his mind "He says 'I'm betting that the High Council isn't done with their manipulating things with or without people's say so. Ugh. Hopefully Edenia can handle that group and their machinations.'"
Tom groaned softly hearing Merra's voice sounding in his mind as he felt his mind scanned to continue hearing Merra speaking "All Seeing One, dubbed the name of Terror says 'Sages, what's up with mind scanning me after awhile of not doing it?'"
He focused onto the room's inhabitants to hear from Tank within his mind answering Terror's question "Mind scanning has been done onto you with or without you aware of it."
Tom exhaled another breath as Tank added chuckling "They are getting pretty strong in their abilities enough to manipulate an Ancient One to see what they want him to see. So they can see what's going on with one Tom, Mindbender himself they appeared to be obsessed about."
Tom frowned and found Terror ignoring him staring as Merra kept speaking "Terror says 'Tank, your talking about the High Council isn't you?'"
He heard a chuckle in response followed by hearing "Who else is a mind walker other than the High Council that is mind scanning you with or without you aware of it hmm?"
He frowned followed by hearing "Gate Destroyer mind scanning Terror says 'Tell that Meritanian to get out of your mind now!' Which he's saying 'Tank, out now! I'm trying to think!'"
He found Tank obeying who gave a parting comment "We, Sages wouldn't dare mention this to the High Council, without a certain annoyance God using his powers onto us Meritanians."
Tom exhaled a breath and felt his mind still scanned to focus onto Victoria who kept on running operations of the station while glancing at him with a look he recognized was love. 
He frowned as he heard again from Tank "Typical Gate Destroyers always detecting us Meritanians chit chatting with manoids around here enough to kick us out by force, Hmph."
Tom folded his arms with a frown only to hear "High Council, message from Edenia is that visitors are now allowed to visit but I can't say what she'll do to visitors such as you visiting. Don't ask me about that."
He sighed to focus onto Victoria that formed a disgusted expression on her face as she kept on running operations of the station he recalled was indicating of hearing Ramses' familiar blaring in her mind annoying her from time to time. Tom didn't comment a response to Victoria's look as she formed a glare and ignored Ramses' blaring who remained silent to pay attention to her running operations.
He found her shift over to his relief by the computer voice of Eli blaring "Shift over, Commander, leave deck."
Tom exhaled a breath finding some of the Command Center's inhabitants out of the room leaving few people around that were appearing to be armed Fishla holding guns standing guard around in the room. He sighed and got up as Victoria without a word gave him one of his favorite smiles and took his hand pulling him not protesting out of the room. 
Tom exhaled a breath finding Leader Lave in the hallway speaking "Hold on Commander."
He groaned softly hearing the firmness of Leader Lave's voice tone to find the male speaking "You noticed anything unusual about your Tom Thunder in question?"
Tom heard the voice tone of Leader Lave and without a word willed forwards the Berserker to wave a hand into Leader Lave's face whose fins on the sides of his neck flapped hard. 
He heard from Victoria "Will that away now, Tom."
He obeyed to hear from Victoria firmly "He calls that odd side of his Berserker and yes I'm aware of that side of his and anything involved with it. It's why he was selected to take that fighter trip to find General Leroy. He can detect when his mind is being scanned enough to react with that side in control via mental mind talk said to him in his mind. The Commandant, from knowing him, was the type to get unusual manoids with special abilities in service of him including getting their minds' wiped to do that serving. He claimed he has some kind of device involving mind wiping, stolen from a Fishla fighter crashed planet bound on Terra with the pilot dead from it he found and experimented with."
Tom frowned hearing Victoria's words as he eyed Leader Lave in response who without a word sniffed his shoulder making him disgusted to give off that noise.
Tom glared at Leader Lave who quit the sniffing to get from the male in response "Alright just making sure that you're Tom was fully cleaned by our washing machine for manoids to take before they get aboard the station. The washing machine always leaves a faint stinky smell via clothes. Excuse me for that Tom Thunder."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Victoria spoke "Anything else I can do for you Leader Lave? I like to get Tom to my quarters now."
Tom formed a glare as Leader Lave without a word spoke "Quarters, which reminds me I need my bed, pardon me."
He found Leader Lave swiftly walking away which he felt Victoria pull him via hand to follow. Tom sighed and followed Victoria following Leader Lave taking an elevator with the male who ignored them both. He found Victoria led the way to the trading center still holding onto his hand he finding it busy with various manoids with human faces and human like bodies but had gonoid like shapes for their ears, hands, eyes and noses. He sighed as Victoria without a word marched him through while still holding onto his hand. Tom frowned but didn't comment a word as she got him through corridors some holding people heard chatter talk in various languages till she reached her quarters to open the door via hand scanning method onto it. 
Tom frowned as she got them both inside followed by hearing "About time you arrived daughter mine."
Groaning softly he found Jinks on the couch seated with legs crossed and arms folded a glare on his face with all black eyes. Tom groaned as Victoria without a word forced him to sit down on the couch next to Jinks him adjusting his legs to crossed status copying Jinks' crossed legged status. 
Tom frowned hearing the doorbell ringing heard "About time." from Jinks.
He heard Victoria speaking from within the bedroom him noticing the doors ajar "Enter."
Tom shifted to find Terror walking inside he gave the male a glare via his Berserker side in control while flexing a hand in the male's direction. He found Terror didn't look nervous instead ignored him to go sit onto the stool forming a disgusted expression on the male's face. 
Tom heard from Jinks "Will that status away, now, Tom."
He obeyed despite glaring at Terror with annoyance running through him who noticed his glare.
Tom got from Terror in response with disgust said in the male's voice tone "I prefer to be anywhere than here with you, Tom."
He gave up a soft growl in response as Victoria came from the bedroom clad in clothes that resembled sweats but appeared looser on her form who gave him a black eyed glare. 
Tom felt Jinks' elbow into his front making him say "Oof."
He folded his arms and slouch further onto the couch uncrossing his legs only to get Jinks speaking "So daughter mine, explain what's with Terror doing here?"
Tom glared at Terror in response as he heard "I asked him here, just once. He's not to come again another time unless I asked him to do it."
Tom gave up a soft growl hearing Victoria's words as he shifted to eye Victoria who spoke firmly addressing him "Will that Berserker side of yours in control now, Tom and get off the couch."
He obeyed to flex a clawed hand towards Terror who formed a glare showing white eyes and speaking his familiar forgiveness line only to hear a shriek followed by the door to the apartment opening and closing. 
Jinks spoke "That's the Soulers leaving the quarters from spying onto whomever here."
Tom kept the glare onto Terror who quit the white eyed look instead spoke "I'm disgusted by Tom being a creep with that bony look of his."
Tom felt his mood plummet further as he glared at Terror while growling softly. He heard from Victoria in response "He calls that look Berserker. So Tom, simply demonstrate what that look does to creeps onto Terror, here but let him live."
Tom obeyed finding Terror kneeling on the floor once he was done appearing to be gulping for air and looking nervous as he heard growling noises. 
He ignored the growling noises he recognized were belonging to Tennans as Victoria spoke loudly "Pardon me, Terror but this secret was too good for me to pass up hence I having him doing it to you. Tom, will that away now."
Tom obeyed again to resume sitting onto the couch as he felt pokes from Tennans behind him on the couch including ramming motions via entities he relieved to sense that they were just angry to see Terror upset. 
Tom kept his mouth shut and ignored the Tennans and the entities felt hitting him as Terror got up with a loud roar before speaking "Alright! I'm fine! Cut it out with that treatment towards Tom now!"
He sighed sensing the pelting stop to find Terror giving off his familiar forgiveness line to groan hearing silence from Jinks and Victoria.
Tom felt himself compelled to speak spoke "Damn it! I'm jealous whenever a male touches Victoria or declares her his including having an offspring with her. Hmph!" 
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and crossed his legs while folding his arms glaring at the floor only to feel a hand grab his chin followed by lips kissing him he sensed belonged to Victoria's. Tom rolled his eyes from Victoria's kiss as he heard a throat clearing noise from Jinks loudly next to him. Tom sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss to go to the kitchen unit as Terror resumed sitting on the stool not commenting a word. He saw an entity fluttering into view making hissing sounds that sounded like forgiveness towards Terror who rolled his eyes in response. Tom sighed as the entity without another hiss entered Terror via the stomach area who groaned loudly rubbing his stomach area with a hand. 
Tom frowned with disgust taking hold as a Tennan dropped from the ceiling like a cat purring loudly and went to Terror the being heard speaking in a guttural voice "Computer computes movement must now."
He got from Terror in response as the male hopped off the stool "Computer is talk for entity inside manoids gathering information like a computer. Excuse me."
He didn't comment a response as Terror without a word left the apartment with the Tennan on four feet leading the way. Tom heard a thud behind him along with growling noises of Airens, he prevented from looking by Jinks putting a hand onto his shoulder restraining him. 
Tom frowned speaking "What's going on with the Airens?"
Jinks spoke in response "Don't mind them taking out the recorder and the nosiness in here."
Tom sighed and didn't comment a response hearing the growling of the Airens turn to snoring sounds along with a loud grumbling sound of snoring of a Listener. He sighed and didn't comment a response as Victoria straddled him to kiss him on the lips he kissed back while running hands onto her back. He sighed feeling the material was silk from the feel along with feeling nothing to indicate a bra for her breasts via her back.
Tom kept on kissing Victoria till he found himself sinking backwards to land onto metallic floor with her on top as he heard "Quit that now, Mindbender!"
He groaned breaking off the kiss finding himself in the High Council's throne room which he got up and pulled Victoria up and restrained her with his Berserker side in control as usual. Tom kept his mouth shut as the High Council was silent behind their speakers he sensing Victoria stiffened indicating her mind being scanned. Tom waited impatiently as Victoria was mind scanned followed by a click sound and Jinks appeared next to them with a glare seen from the male.
Jinks spoke "What? I was trying to give daughter mine and her Tom privacy to have a mating ritual without being spied on hence your recorder taken out."
Tom heard the sarcasm of Jinks' voice tone ignored it sensing Victoria shaking he figured was laughter to his confusion. 
He eyed the High Council with annoyance running through him as Victoria quit her laughing shakes followed by Shad speaking "Anyhow transport Horus out now!"
He heard the sarcasm of Shad's voice to find Jinks transported out followed by the High Council going into a discussion behind the speakers who kept glancing up at him with grimaces seen. 
Tom ignored the looks as both speakers raised their heads and Shad spoke "What do you have to say to your defense, Victoria, for Horus taking out our recorder hmm?"
Tom found Victoria using combative art defensive moves to get out of his hands' grips to get her speaking "Will that away now, Tom!"
He obeyed to frown as Victoria spoke appearing to be addressing the High Council "Just watch."
He frowned as Victoria jumped onto him kissing him on the lips which he caught her and kissed her in response. Tom ignored the High Council sensed spying onto them both as Victoria got him to lie down onto the floor and lifted his shirt up to suck his nipples he moaning loudly while feeling her licking and sucking him. Tom found himself falling backwards to land onto a bed via the back felt that suspiciously felt like Victoria's apartment bed followed by feeling her resuming her mouth's teasing onto him. He sighed feeling the familiar feeling of filming quit along with spying via Listener quit to his relief. Tom rolled his eyes as Victoria managed to free his sensitive part from his pants he commando underneath as he gave off moaning sounds. He wound up to feel her mouth onto his sensitive part licking and sucking in response and shivered when she broke off the touch. Tom focused onto Victoria finding her stripping her clothes to show her naked underneath followed by getting on top of him and his sensitive part inside her she heard sighing loudly once she sank down his length. Tom rolled his eyes in response as Victoria rocked him which he gave off a loud roar once spilling inside her as she gave up her familiar shriek. Tom sighed as Victoria adjusted his clothes after removing herself off of him. 
He remained lying on the bed smirking as he heard from Victoria "I need food I'm famished."
Tom sighed hearing the familiar words to open his eyes finding her putting on her familiar silk pajamas he assumed were they and walking into the living room part of the apartment ignoring him. Tom forced himself to get up following her out to find Jinks seated on the couch appearing to be sleeping to him while leaning back ignoring Victoria banging around via kitchen unit. Tom went to join Jinks on the couch finding the male ignoring him and remained asleep despite seeing him displaying grimaces on his face. He sighed to watch Victoria cooking the food till he sensed the couch adjusted to find Jinks had woken up with a hand on his forehead. Tom frowned as he sensed his familiar filming sense going off along with spying by Listener ignored it to focus onto Victoria cooking food who handed Jinks a plate and utensils. 
Tom sighed as Victoria sat on the stool munching onto her food her speaking "So your diet stills the same, Tom or it's changed?"
He spoke "Still the same liquid diet as always. I'm not spared trying various foods by them ordering me for foods brought off planet by the visitors. I keep getting sick as a result and stuck with my liquid diet. Nothing I can do about it anyway."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line as Victoria was heard making a throat clearing noise he frowned as Jinks spoke "So what happened to you, daughter mine while you kicked yourself out of the service of the High Council?"
Tom straightened up his form focusing onto Victoria who kept on eating her food she speaking during a break "Just eat, Daddy. Don't want you losing your appetite."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he felt something drop onto his lap he caught to find a thermos bottle and the Berserker in control he hearing "Just drink that. It's your drink. We're all on the same diet."
Tom willed aside the Berserker he figured the thermos came from a Souler only to get Jinks putting a hand over it he glared at the male.
Jinks spoke "Just wait for it to settle."
He sighed and held the thermos waiting impatiently as Victoria gobbled up her food in a fast motion her showing she was terribly hungry. He sighed once Jinks was done eating to put the dishes into the dishwashing machine as Victoria did the same. 
Tom uncapped the bottle smelling nothing only to get Jinks flaring his Lance Richard persona in response who snarled "Stinks of blood to me."
Tom took a sip from the drink and spat it out finding the taste god awful and capped the thermos tossing it to Jinks who caught one handed shrugging off his persona. He sighed and leaned back without a word as Jinks sipped from the thermos with his Lance Richard persona in control. 
Tom ignored the steel of a Souler's sword onto his neck as Jinks spoke "Your breathing sucks, Tom."
He sighed and felt the steel off his neck as the doorbell rang followed by Victoria's command to enter. Tom frowned as Terror came walking inside with a glare on his face as he heard a shriek followed by the apartment door shutting as the male spoke his familiar line. 
Tom found himself compelled to remain silent found Jinks speaking "Alright! The Soulers have been supplying me with drinks of blood via thermos for my Lance Richard persona."
He glared at Jinks who quit the Lance Richard persona to place the thermos onto the kitchen counter as Victoria spoke loudly "I need my sleep. Settle this yourselves and leave me out of it."
Tom made a motion to get up only to feel a Souler's sword onto his neck along with hands onto his shoulders that suspiciously felt like the Airens. Tom forced himself to remain seated as he saw Victoria enter her bedroom slamming the doors along with hearing a lock click noises from there. 
He shifted to glare at Jinks hearing the Listener speaking "Just tell him what he's supposed to be doing for that uniform he's wearing."
Tom sighed and ignored the Listener's comment as he focused onto Jinks who went to sit on the stool followed by Terror speaking "I'm out of here."
Tom found Terror walking out finding the door opening for him as he heard another shriek followed by the door slamming shut. 
He focused onto Jinks with a glare who gave him an all black eyed glare in response followed by the male's creepy voice "What do you know of the uniform your wearing that's twin to mine?"
Tom eyed Jinks' clothes finding they were twin to his and had a watery like pin jewel onto the area but he didn't have the jewelry on him. 
He spoke "Not a thing other than this name of Leader. What's special about it?"
Tom frowned as Jinks appeared to make an eye roll despite all black eyes and got from the male in response "Just listen to the story involving this uniform I was told by Leader Lave."
Tom settled back onto the couch listening to Jinks speaking "I'm told some excuse, I know is a lie, that the first Earthari to contact the Fishla was wearing this uniform."
Tom frowned but Jinks kept speaking "I'm also told which is the truth that contact between Fishla and Earthari turned out to be on bad terms hence the destruction of Terra done by the Fishla's warship firing eater weapons. Terra in question is Earth the planet that suffered destruction."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Jinks kept speaking removing the all black eyed look as he felt compelled to look towards the doors of Victoria's bedroom "Terra according to the Fishla was fired upon other than just eaters. They fired their sickest plagues onto the planet in an effort to kill off the survivors via containers which exploded on impact."
Tom ignored Jinks and kept looking at the doors finding them opening followed by Victoria in sight sitting on the floor typing onto a familiar laptop while having the Master in control. 
He sigh hearing disgust from Jinks followed by hearing "Once a writer is always a writer."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to broadcast to Victoria "Shouldn't you be in bed asleep, Victoria?"
He got Victoria looking up giving him a glare in response she holding a finger onto the keyboard and speaking "Just let me type!"
Tom frowned as Victoria waved a hand followed by the doors slamming shut as he shifted to eye Jinks who was rubbing a hand onto his forehead. 
He spoke after willing aside the Berserker "Bet you, Father in Law, that she's typing what happened to her the moment she was off planet."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as Jinks gave him a glare with black eyes followed by the male pointing a finger at him and speaking "Don't tempt me to put you down asleep if you won't shut up, Tom."
Tom sighed and leaned back onto the couch in response uncrossing his legs and folding his arms. He felt the Airens and Souler had quit restraining him followed by feeling a hand gloved invisible forcing his eyes shut. 
"Nighty night." Tom heard from Tank within his mind as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up hearing a familiar ringing noise along with a squeaking voice speaking "Morning time to get up!"
He groaned rolling over while lying in a bed as there were footsteps into the room followed by an excited meow and pouncing onto his front by the cat chasing the laser. Tom groaned thrusting the pillow over his head from memory of being at the station for one standard Earthari week before Leader Lave insisted that he leave. He recalled as the cat kept on pouncing onto him by Elisa's laser, Leader Lave using tones that indicated something was unsaid when he said his order to leave. Tom felt a hand snatch the pillow from his head along with a hand patting his cheek. He jerked open his eyes to glare at the hand's owner he saw with shock was Victoria who was clad in her familiar pajamas on her form that tossed aside the laser. He heard an excited meow sounding familiar along with loud meowing noises. Tom sat up eyeing Victoria to notice Jinks standing in the doorway with the cat on his shoulder the furball was rubbing her face onto Jinks' ear.
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who spoke "So I'm supposed to be sleeping now from where I am planet wise. Leader Lave told me to go visit using the Sages as an excuse. He seems more knowledgeable about this planet and its inhabitants than he's letting us Earthari be aware of. I suspects he knows of the High Council don't ask me how I came up with that theory. So this is your new digs isn't it, Tom?"
Tom spoke "Yep. I haven't bothered to ask the High Council for the reason for this new digs you call it."
He frowned as Victoria straddled him and kissed him on the lips till he heard a loud ear shattering meow followed by fur felt getting between them. Tom sighed and broke off the kiss groaning loudly as he felt a prick of pain in his neck via needle dart to open his eyes with a glare flaring Sinister in control at Victoria. 
He heard as he fell unconscious "Trust me you'll love this."
Tom surrendered to the sleep drug to come to feeling a foot tapping his arm he again feeling himself lying on metallic floor while felt clad in his Leader's uniform. Tom shook sleepiness from his head and eyes to find T'La with her foot was tapping him that gave him a glare. He got up awkwardly to stand staring at T'La and her brother D'Clan standing there who both gave up a motion involving eye rolls. 
He found Leader Lave nearby that spoke "Kindly do something about those two fighting again."
Tom saw where he was pointing groaned softly and without a word walked up to the two Tygera as they were referred despite Human like faces and humanoid bodies punching each other again. He sighed recalled what he did was grab them both and haul them away from each other only to get them both punching him in response. Tom sighed and went to them both putting both hands in front of their fists to block their punching each other. He found them each grabbing his hands to adjust and resumed punching the palms as if angry but ignoring each other. Tom sighed and waited for the Tygera to have their punching mood over with as he found them kept on punching his hands. He ignored them both punching till they both put hands onto their hips and were growling at each other till other Tygera arrived into sight pulling them away. Tom lowered his hands with a sigh and went to Leader Lave who appeared to make a sniffing gesture onto his shoulder. 
Tom felt annoyed folded his arms and spoke "I highly doubt I would be granted entry in the station like anyone else unless they've went through this washing machine of yours." 
He glared at Leader Lave recalling he pushed the male away after sniffing his shoulder which he kept his arms folded. 
Tom glared in response as Leader Lave quit the sniffing followed by speaking "Alright. Anything else you want to admit to that weird smell of a gonoid as the natives of Aire call animals in Earthari's terms?"
He spoke firmly while giving Leader Lave a glare ignoring T'La and D'Clan sniffing him "Gonoids or animals are always friendly with me once they touch me anywhere on my skin. Such as domesticated to become more dependants onto a manoid."
He clamped his mouth shut only to feel paws onto his shoulder he peered finding a cat with spines on its back sniffing his ear and rubbing the area. Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Leader Lave gave up a loud Hmph sound and took the cat expertly off his shoulder, gonoid not protesting to it. 
Tom frowned as Leader Lave spoke in response "Excuse me while I go return this to where it's supposed to be. Actually my pet in my quarters, which slipped out again as usual. Hmph."
'Tom shrugged in response as Leader Lave still carrying the cat he figured was the gonoid and walked away as he eyed the kid Leaders to find T'La signing "Just go amuse yourself around here keeping fights from going again. We're busy with something."
He frowned but didn't comment a response made a move to walk as the kid Leaders walked away. He felt steal of a sword onto his neck to find a Souler next to him with sword onto the area. 
Tom sensed Sinister in control willed it aside and folded his arms to speak firmly "I'm busy keeping the peace around here so get to the point and quit sticking that thing to my neck."
He glared at the Souler who made a thrust to stab him which he ignored unblinkingly as the male he assumed was a male without a word put the sword away and walked away. Tom heard nothing more from the Souler only soft applause from the people who spied onto them both. He ignored them applauding to give a glare while looking around to find people resuming their business. Tom went to the kid Leaders seated at a booth's stools appearing to be eating food from a bowl as he looked around with arms folded. He didn't comment a response as T'La thrust him a bottle he recognized as his herbal tea drink without the label and made a drinking motion via her hand as she resumed eating her food via bowl with two sticks as utensils. Tom obeyed keeping an eye onto the natives around the trading center as he sipped the drink he sensed was his familiar herbal tea drink. He took his time forming a glare when he noticed two Tygera appear to be into a punching mood by them shoving each other nearby. Tom willed forwards Sinister to keep the glare at them both finding them looking in his direction as he continued to sip. He ignored them looking nervous followed by other Tygera arriving and pulling them both away. Tom willed aside Sinister and kept on drinking his herbal tea till the bottle was entirely consumed. He found T'La and D'Clan had managed to finish eating their foods and were in a sign language rapid fired chat with each other he unable to follow along with their signs. 
Tom placed the bottle down onto the booth and spoke to the Highlander female there "Much obligated for the drink Ma'am. Something I can do for you for paying for it?"
He got from the female in response "My son, drink's on me. Next time you pay."
He sighed as the Highlander put the bottle away as he eyed T'La and D'Clan still signing away in rapid fired gestures he figured they were arguing to him but he decided to ignore them. Tom looked around the room finding Victoria coming into view still clad in her Earthari uniform he ignored to resume looking around the trading center. He didn't protest as he sensed someone behind him to turn around finding a Souler there that thrust his sword onto his neck. 
Tom heard silence from the crowd around him as he spoke loudly "Can't you for once just use words instead of your sword sticking onto necks such as mine?"
He glared at the Souler with arms folded and found Airens appearing from hidden status from behind the male appearing to be pawing him all over. Tom exhaled a breath as there was Terror's loud voice speaking loudly his forgiveness line only to find the Souler fading from view while hearing a familiar shriek sound. 
Tom heard gasps as Terror walked into view speaking "I knew it. That damned line would be useful."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Terror added "I hate speaking that line to people to learn secrets I don't care to hear about. I'm not a library for secrets to be kept. Yuck."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Terror walked away. He heard a familiar shriek along with multiple Tennans growling noises as Terror halted his walking only to collapse onto the floor with head chopped off from the looks of it. Tom found applause sounding from the crowd as Soulers appeared into view from hidden status and picked up the remains of Terror and hauled them away out of sight. Tom groaned softly only to feel his mind scanned as he found T'La and D'Clan next to him with arms folded and glares on their faces. He heard the Tennans' growling continued to his annoyance as the sound quit abruptly.
Tom frowned as he looked around finding people resuming their business as he caught T'La signing "Soulers played a trick again."
He frowned as he felt his mind scanned to hear "No kidding High Council. The Soulers have some kind of weapon to make people see what they saw was Terror that All Seeing One's head chopped off. Instead they knocked him out unconscious and had we Meritanians transport him to the garden with the Tennans relieved to see him fine. Anyway I suspect that the Queen is getting itchy a First One term to get out of being planet bound and travel somewhere."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Tank blaring in his mind as the Meritanian continued speaking "Merra managed to convince the Queen to go to Terra. She gave pretty much detailed information to find Terra aka Earth and do something to heal that planet in the process. Merra suspects that the Tennans are bored being in Aire here and want something to do hence she ordering a trip to Terra. The Queen said she won't go unless Terror is declared dead among the restless natives so they won't be asking for him when he turns up missing."
Tom felt a hand onto his forehead he grimaced from the mind scanning to sense Tank quit talking to glare with Sinister in control at an outline of a manoid figure in front of him. Tom waited as the figure materialized appearing to be a Gate Destroyer who gave him an all black eyed glare before shifting eyes to flare them golden like a Builder. He willed aside Sinister as the Gate Destroyer removed his hand and kept giving him a glare.
He heard "Just tell Daddy via our hand language what's going on with Grampa."
Tom frowned hearing that from D'Clan to see the kid Leaders embracing the Gate Destroyer while speaking a Daddy comment. Tom exhaled a breath and obeyed to sign what was going on with Terror via Tank's words but made it seem like he saw it happen himself. 
Tom resumed folding his arms to wait as the Gate Destroyer made signed gestures he found himself understanding "Yes I know of that trick involving my Father Terror himself. I saw it myself. Besides Terror made it clear I should be independent on raising myself and my own offsprings in the process."
Tom frowned but remained silent to see the Gate Destroyer gently rub the backs of the kid Leaders before breaking their holds and walking away fading from view. He sighed and eyed the kid Leaders to notice T'La looked like she was having watery eyes.
Groaning softly Tom spoke "T'La."
He got her looking at him as he added signing his words "I think your Father is feeling the same way towards his Father, Terror leaving him. I'm just guessing."
He resumed folding his arms to frown as T'La shook her head followed by forming a glare and without a word picked up a cat with spines on the back that didn't protest to being picked up. 
He heard an Hmph from D'Clan who spoke "Got out again. Damn cat."
Tom recalled Parrot spoke "Maybe cat wants people to be around hence it keeps getting out, out of loneliness."
He clamped his mouth shut as the cat he figured he'll refer it climbed onto T'La's front to land onto her shoulder and appeared to be sniffing her ear ignored by her. He sighed as the cat jumped down and ran off going into a direction he found the gonoid landing onto a shoulder of a familiar figure. Tom sighed seeing Jinks with the cat on his shoulder ignoring it as he walked up to him and the others. 
Jinks spoke once on arrival "So I heard that the station has some kind of pesky problem involving people bitten in bed hence these cats breaded to keep that from happening. Daughter mine complained of the same thing involving bitten on the feet repeatedly."
Tom spoke firmly "When's the last time there was a washing machine washing the floors for buggers including things such as bed clothes?"
He gave Jinks a glare who cocked his head to notice Leader Lave walking up into view who spoke "Oops. Forgot one little detail of the buggers you call them coming into the station via the garden. Caught several cats as their called gathered around the entrance. I'll see about having someone do the cleaning job around here. I figured I know of such a person to do it."
Tom exhaled a breath but didn't comment as Leader Lave added "Tom come with me, Pardon me."
He obeyed to follow Leader Lave while thinking to himself "I wonder what's really going on with this feet biting thing involving cats with spines on their backs?" 
He heard nothing in answer to his question figured he'll ask the Meritanians later.

Tom gave up a huff of breath after mopping the floor of the Command Center he roped into doing the job by Leader Lave ordering him to do it. 
He sighed finding himself mopped the entire floor to find Leader Lave standing in the doorway giving off "Pardon me for interrupting, Tom but you forgot underneath the table."
Tom exhaled a breath and found underneath the table were Tennans who without a word crawled away towards the walls going into the air ducts. 
He mopped the floor underneath the table to get from Leader Lave again "Oh dear those Tennans are dirty. I insist that you mop the floor again." 
Tom felt his mood plummet to give Leader Lave a glare with Sinister in control to get from the Fishla noticing his glare "They came from the garden and have shown no interests in doing anything about their hygiene. They have repeatedly ignored people's teachings involving bathing and whatever so far. So kindly next time when your stuck doing this ridiculous job do underneath the tables or where Tennans are first then the rest of the area next. Remember that."
He sighed and didn't protest as he again resumed the mopping job finding Leader Lave standing in the doorway watching him mop all over the floor till the job was declared done by the Fishla speaking "You've done enough. Go put the equipment away and go take a nap. Attend to your hygiene. You seem like you could use some rest from the looks of you and smell of you."
Tom sighed and ignored Leader Lave to bring the cart to a closet in the room stuffing them both inside and went up to the Fishla finding the male blocking his way. 
Tom willed aside Sinister and spoke "Yes Leader Lave. I'm quit tired and stinky from this job. You know where I can go attend to my cleaning clothes and body wise?"
Leader Lave he frowned spoke "Come with me."
Tom groaned softly finding where Leader Lave wanted him at. 
He found himself in medical bay with Alexa as the nurse was called displaying a creepy all black eyed look that jabbed a finger down the hallway and insisted "Get moving."
Tom heard her voice sounded normal and not creepy to his confusion as he without a word walked down the hallway finding her grabbing his arm and pulling him into a room and got ordered "Strip your clothes now. I need to scan you without this uniform on your form."
He obeyed with arms folded once naked to see Alexa's eyes widen seeing his naked form he glared at her with an ahem sound to get her speaking "Hit the private room and do something about the stink of you. I got to go get this mess of clothes cleaned."
Tom found her picking both his clothes and shoes up and with arm length in front of her carried them out of the room.
He mentally spoke once he found the bathroom "This place is loony."
Tom sensed his mind scanned when he thought his comment mentally added "Meritanians get to the point of scanning me."
He found the shower stall having an adjustable faucet to his height showered and cleaned himself as well as he could sensing the mind scanning quit. He felt relieved to that as he showered and then walked out to dry himself via towels followed by wrapping one around his waist and walked out of the bathroom. 
Tom found Alexa back that spoke "Just hit the bed for scanning. Your clothes are still being cleaned."
He obeyed but didn't protest as Alexa yanked the towel off him in the process. Tom laid onto the bed ignoring Alexa giving off hmm sounds from behind a console monitor as he felt the familiar High Council's scanner device traveling up his body making him want to scratch from itchiness. Tom eyed a picture in the wall as if needing to do it till the scanner reached the top of his head followed by again making another movement slowly going down his body. He exhaled a breath and found relief when the scanner reached the bottoms of his feet. 
Tom sat up to get from Alexa in response "So will that weird side of yours dubbed Berserker out and kindly let me scan you."
He obeyed to flex a clawed hand in Alexa's direction that ignored him which he laid down and again got the familiar itches. He ignored the itchy feeling till the scanner again reached the bottoms of his feet then he sat up to will aside the Berserker. 
Tom got up with a glare speaking towards Alexa "My clothes? Can I have them back now?"
He glared at Alexa who looked his direction before speaking "Alright they should be done excuse me."
He stood waiting as Alexa left the room for a lengthy time period till the female came back with his clothes and shoes she thrust towards him while speaking "Just go find a bed for sleeping around here. Medical Bay isn't for that."
Tom ignored Alexa appearing to be ogling him as he put on his clothes and shoes then without a word found her going back to the monitor to appearing to be studying it with Hmm sounds heard. He sighed and left the room going to the entrance of Medical Bay finding Leader Lave standing there that sniffed his shoulder to his disgust. 
Tom gave up a sound of disgust and spoke once Leader Lave quit "I do know how to wash myself including that the nurse Alexa got my clothes cleaned."
He glared at Leader Lave with arms folded to get from the Fishla in response "Just come along while I show you where you're to sleep."
Tom obeyed discovering Leader Lave stopping in the hallway once outside with the Souler and speaking "Take a nap. Use the floor for it."
He spoke firmly "You sure the floor has been cleaned for me to do that?"
He heard a loud Hey comment spoken along with "I just washed the floor smarty."
Tom sighed hearing the voice of a Listener wearing a jumpsuit coming into view pushing a cart with a mop in it that added "Just take a nap. You look like your about to drop from the looks of you Mister Leader."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as Leader Lave he found had walked away and out of sight which he eyed the Listener who added "Leaders are expected to sleep anywhere they can including eating when it calls for it. Same for attending to hygiene. Besides I saw those youngster Leaders climbing the wall like some bugger and are currently snoozing in the air duct from the sounds of the noises their making in there."
He sighed and repeated his comment he thought to himself "This place is loony."
Tom didn't comment a response sensing his mind not scanned. He went to lie down onto the floor onto his side and pillowed his head with an arm as the Listener with the mop and cart was heard squeaking away which he shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. 
Tom heard "Nighty night Smarty" in his mind sounding of Tank's voice as he passed out unconscious.

Tom came to sensing the Berserker in control along with his mind scanned as he heard blared in his mind "its morning time for you to get up."
He obeyed to get up swinging up into an acrobatic move finding a cat alien Ambassador standing in the hallway that did a double take look seeing his Berserker side in control. 
Tom willed the Berserker aside and spoke recognizing the being as a Maney a part of the cat species dubbed Founding "Is there anything I can do for you Ambassador?"
He didn't comment a response as the Ambassador spoke using his voice "Kindly explain why an Earthari like you has this odd side coming out when I talked to you mentally via telepathic abilities?"
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "It's dubbed Berserker. Always comes out when people who are telepathic talk to me. I'm not fully Earthari but a hybrid actually. I'm a native of this planet and not from Earthari's home world."\
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited for the Ambassador to speak who added "Interesting but does your Berserker side have some telepathic abilities?"
He spoke firmly while feeling a sword of a Souler poking his neck "Excuse me I don't like talking about my Berserker side and abilities to people I don't trust or should know of it unless it's a need to know basis and that they have my trust."
He frowned while folding his arms to find the Ambassador giving off a Reeeow followed by adding "Pardon me for my nosiness on asking you nosy questions. I get the impression that touching is frowned upon when waking someone up from sleep hence I using what I could to avoid that. You'll find yourself needed in the trading center. I suspect that the Tygera as they call themselves are going to have a claw fight again."
Tom sighed and didn't comment a response as the Souler removed his sword. He found the Ambassador walking away which he followed to the trading center finding T'La and D'Clan seated at a familiar booth with the female Highlander he figured was Thursday herself from the looks of her who held up a bottle. Tom took the bottle and looked around being alert while sipping his drink as the kid Leaders had their meals followed by brother and sister going up to the two Tygera punching each other and copying his hands' method of allowing their hands to get punched. Tom sighed and didn't comment a response as the two Tyger punched the kid Leaders' hands in some air move before putting hands on hips and hissing at each other. He found other Tyger arriving into view to separate the pair and yanking them away. Tom sipped the drink entirely to find Leader Lave next to him he not sure of how the Fishla managed to get next to him without noticing. Tom found kid Leaders going up to Leader Lave to stand with hands clasped in front of them and appearing to be waiting for further orders. 
He sighed and finished the drink followed by putting the bottle onto the booth and speaking "How do I pay for it Ma'am?"
Tom got Thursday holding up a pad and speaking "Your hand print Sir."
He obeyed to hear a faint beep sound followed by Thursday adding "It's paid. Come again Sir. Welcome your business. Do warn you that other than hand prints are being used for currency at discretion among the natives of the station here. It's business to make money as usual. Besides I suspect those Tygera fighting are doing it because they can't fist other species but themselves. The station rules prevent such fisting."
He spoke "Much obligated Ma'am."
Tom went to Leader Lave who sniffed his shoulder he folding his arms to glare with annoyance running through him as the Fishla quit followed by ordering him "Come along now."
Tom obeyed finding the kid Leaders no where in sight he sighed softly finding what Leader Lave had in mind for him to do making him annoyed figuring it out.

Tom felt annoyance take hold once again mopping the floor of the Command Center while there were guards standing around ignoring him and his efforts to move them for mopping. He found the Tennans refused to budge from being underneath the table as he mopped the area instead playfully pounced onto the mop's tendrils with their claws while giving off meow sounds. 
Tom spoke firmly "See here, I have to mop the floor. Can you move please?"
He got multiple no comments from the Tennans to find them again pouncing onto the mop's tendril when he pulled it out around the floor around the table. 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "Cats."
He ignored the Tennans that made no move to get out from underneath the table as he again mopped around the Command Center's floor including finding the Fishla guards refused to budge from moving from their spots despite asking them to move.
Tom sighed once done mopping the floor to get Leader Lave's voice behind him speaking "You forgot underneath the table where the Tennans are."
Tom exhaled a breath ignoring Leader Lave and went to the table finding Tennans crawling out which he found himself ordered to mop the floor again by the Fishla including still getting resistance from the guards. Tom once declared done by Leader Lave got him to put the mop and cart into the closet followed by again going to the hallway and got ordered to sleep. Groaning softly Tom obeyed despite feeling like he was aching all over to sleep despite footsteps sounded loudly banging onto the metallic floor repeatedly. He found the banging was from the Fishla guards stomping up and down the hallway making him jerk his eyes open in response to the banging and thudding vibrations. He felt relief when the Fishla quit their guarding duty followed by further pounding indicating Earthari coming into sight wearing uniforms that entered the room ignoring him. Tom groaned softly and found a foot tapping his arm which he woke up to glare with annoyance. He found the foot's owner was Leader Lave as Victoria walked by ignoring him and the Fishla. 
Tom got up without a word awkwardly and got from Leader Lave "Sleep well hmm?"
He spoke ignoring his wearily voice "My place is not to complain."
He heard an Hmph from Leader Lave who added "Interesting, Tom. So come with me now. There's a pressing matter I need to have addressed for you to do."
Tom sighed and thought to himself as he followed Leader Lave "No rest for the weary."
He found what Leader Lave had in mind making him disgusted when it involved cleaning the bathrooms in the Medical Bay via proper tools he saw were toothbrushes to his disgust. Tom, once he was done with the cleaning jobs walked out to pushing the cart carrying his cleaning gear and got it into the closet. He sighed once he was done only to get Leader Lave next to him giving up an ahem sound he still not sure how the Fishla managed to do it. 
He frowned as Leader Lave made a sniffing motion onto his shoulder then ordered "Go get yourself to the garden and let the rain clean you of that stink. You smell."
Tom groaned softly as he spoke "Where's the garden in question?"
He eyed Leader Lave with weariness who spoke "I'll show you but your expected to know the way yourself again next time when ordered to there."
He didn't comment a response followed Leader Lave to the garden entrance to find it raining hard which he walked underneath it and felt the water seemed good but cold to him. Tom walked back to the garden entrance only to find the doors slam closed with a bang sound. Groaning he found the water kept away his Berserker side as he went to the door only to hear a faint sound of electricity as thunder and lightening above flashed. 
Tom groaned and spoke "I might as well take a nap."
He found tree branches dipped towards the ground shielding the rain and fell asleep onto the ground sleeping peacefully unconscious undisturbed.

Tom came to sensing himself better rested along with lying on metallic floor to his confusion as he felt a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He jerked open his eyes with a glare finding the hand was Jinks who spoke "Up now. The Airens are throwing a hissy fit with you sleeping too long in their space."
Tom frowned but obeyed to get up finding Jinks fawned over with the Airens in sight who looked nervous to him. 
He got from Jinks "Just go find Leader Lave. Or let him find you. He always will show up when he feels you need him."
Tom sighed and without a word walked away going to the trading center to the familiar booth finding T'La and D'Clan no where in sight along with Thursday there giving him a glare and speaking "Something you want now Leader?"
He spoke firmly "You got something for me to drink?"
He frowned as Thursday handed him a familiar pad and spoke "Payment first."
Tom obeyed to hear a beep sound followed by handed a familiar thermos to his confusion which he spoke "Herbal tea you have that?"
He got from Thursday in response "I sell drinks involving essence within bodies of manoids for Drainers. Anything else I don't sell. If you want this herbal tea go ask around for it. So drink it up now since it's paid for."
Tom sighed and spoke recalling Jinks "I think I know someone who can use this drink. You sure it's just essence in it? I want to give it to another who I know would benefit it."
Tom heard an ahem sound to find Leader Lave next to him who spoke "Just drink it and see for yourself."
He sighed and uncapped the thermos to smell it sensing its stink was blood and capped it and spoke "Its scent leads me to believe its essence. Would you excuse me Leader Lave? I know someone who could use this."
He made a motion to walk away only to get Leader Lave blocking him which he spoke "Excuse me-"
"Pardon me, Tom" he was interrupted by Leader Lave who added "I insists that since you bought the drink you drink it entirely now. Forget the charity. It's rather rude to not to drink it in front of the shopkeeper who sold it to you."
Tom exhaled a breath noticing Leader Lave's glare obeyed to grimace from the taste of the drink he sensed was blood with some mixture in it and once done handed the thermos back to Thursday who yanked it from his hand speaking "Good riddance."
He gulped from his stomach aggravating him from the blood within him as Leader Lave added "Come along now."
Tom obeyed to follow Leader Lave back to the Command Center where he was again instructed to mop the floor. Groaning softly he obeyed finding the room empty of Earthari but only had Fishla guards and Tennans hiding. He groaned once during a bout of mopping to feel the liquid in his stomach aggravate him enough to want to throw up. Tom forced himself to mop the floor entirely including underneath the table on Leader Lave's orders which he got the cart into the closet once declared done. 
Tom got once in the hallway ordered "Go to sleep now. You need it."
He obeyed despite kept awake by the Fishla guards banging and banging of the Earthari arriving to do their business that made him cough out several bits of bloody onto the floor. He found once Leader Lave arrived, throwing up his entire stomach's contents at the Fishla's shoes that backed away with disapproval sounded in his voice's Tsk sounds. 
Tom ignored Leader Lave to resume sleeping only to feel a foot tapping him which he glared at the Fishla who added "You need to eat. So come with me now."
He obeyed despite not well rested and still throwing up liquid including his familiar herbal tea drink onto the floor behind Leader Lave who ignored him. He noticed people kept giving him glares after each throwing up was done while on the way. Tom found Leader Lave led the way to the garden to go to an apple tree and got thrust an apple from the Fishla.
He eyed the apple as the Fishla spoke "Here eat. It should help you feel better for your sickness."
Tom obeyed to eat the apple despite his stomach again rebelling from the food in there. 
He groaned softly as Leader Lave added once he was done eating "Go take a nap underneath a tree. You look like you could use it."
Tom obeyed to stumble back to his familiar tree and collapsed onto the ground shutting his eyes despite still throwing up bits and pieces of the apple he ate. He found ground became metallic floor to his confusion along with a familiar ringing noise.
Tom woke up finding himself in the High Council's throne room hearing "Disappointed with you my son."
He exhaled a breath and again threw up the remainder of his apple to groan while eyeing the High Council as Shad spoke "Shouldn't there be something you should be doing hmm?"
Tom exhaled another breath after inhaling to find himself back into the garden to resume sleeping underneath his familiar tree while passing out unconscious.

Tom dreamed of his son, Tam standing in the clearing facing him. 
He frowned while eyeing Tam who spoke "Why are you letting people walking all over you?" 
Tom spoke "I did that the first time I lived on the station and the natives didn't like it kicked me out by Leader Lave. This time I'm just letting whatever I can do to-"
He was interrupted "You should have done more to let people know that you're not leaving period, on the sakes of my Mother in question."
Tom felt his Berserker in control flexed a hand towards Tam who shifted form into Anyan that spoke "You really should learn when to let people walk over you and when to let people know they shouldn't be doing it. It works both ways Tom."
He willed aside the Berserker and found Anyan forcing his eyes shut as he came to feeling poking onto his legs he jerked open his eyes to glare with annoyance finding multiple cats with spines on their backs appearing to be sniffing his feet. Tom got up with a loud Hmph via acrobatic move only to feel a biting sensation via his feet. He yanked off his shoes in a fast move to find the cats about five of them batting his shoes and trying to jump up to get it. Tom gave up an Hmph and dropped the shoes to spot bugs coming out of them that got pounced by the cats as he found more bugs coming from a hole in the ground flittering around via wings. Groaning he snatched his shoes and emptied them of bugs and barefoot walked out of the garden into the station. 
Tom went to medical bay finding Alexa rudely speaking "Out! There isn't a problem with you from the looks and smell of you!"
He felt a bug onto his arm to find it sitting onto his sleeve which he thrust towards Alexa and spoke "Source of the feet biters Alexa, these buggers."
He got her doing a double take look to grab the bug followed by her throwing it onto the floor and stomping a foot onto it followed by yelling "Out!"
Tom gave up a loud Hmph flaring Sinister in control only to get Alexa flaring all black eyes and jabbing a finger towards the doors to medical bay. 
He spoke firmly "Fine I'll leave but I expect results on that bugger to explain why it's biting people's feet in bed."
Tom ignored Alexa's out comment walked away into the hallway to put on his shoes him feeling no buggers in them. 
He found Leader Lave next to him abruptly which he spoke firmly "I figured out the source of feet biters. A bug or insect as Earthari called them came from the garden like you said. I found a nest of them with the help of your pet companion's fellows. I went to medical bay to point them out. I'm pretty sure that the nurse figured it out herself and doesn't need me reminding her."
He glared at Leader Lave with Sinister still in control as the Fishla spoke "Come along while I get you nourishment."
Tom willed aside Sinister and spoke towards Leader Lave's walking form "My nourishment better be herbal tea as dubbed in Earthari terms and nothing else. I survive on that only."
He got nothing in response from Leader Lave who kept on walking which he followed finding the Fishla going to a bar counter where a Listener was there handing drinks via hand prints to people. Tom glared with arms folded as Leader Lave ignored him staring to get a drink from the bartender finding the Listener speaking a set of drinks and names he assumed were they.
Tom spoke firmly "Herbal tea?"
He got from the Listener bartender "Sorry don't offer that. Just go if you're not going to get a drink."
He walked away thinking of going to the Command Center to find T'La and D'Clan blocking his way from jumping down from an air duct in the ceiling in a hallway.
Tom snarled angrily "Better be worth my time. I'm expected to mop the floor of the Command Center as ordered by Leader Lave."
He gave the kid Leaders a glare finding T'La signing "Leader Lave wants your presence."
Tom gave up a Hmph in response and didn't comment a response walked back to the trading center to find Leader Lave gone from the bar area which he folded his arms and shut his eyes forcing himself to be calm. He felt a foot tapping his foot while hearing via his ears to hear a faint squeal sound of a Keo tech followed by hearing a loud ahem sound in Leader Lave's voice tone.
Tom opened his eyes and spoke to Leader Lave "You still want me to mop the floor of the Command Center yes?"
He kept his arms folded while glaring at Leader Lave who's eyes turned all black only to find the Berserker thrust forwards he heard loud gasps sounding all around him. 
Tom heard in his mind "Your angry about something and is throwing a hissy fit. Quit it now.'
He recognized Leader Lave's voice in his mind willed aside the Berserker and spoke firmly "Hissy fit? Such as figuring out what's biting people's feet in bed? I tried to point it out to the medical staff who didn't seem concerned. Should I be concerned for that?"
He glared at Leader Lave to again get his Berserker side in control he hearing "That tone of voice is inappropriate, Tom. Take yourself to the garden now. You're scaring the inhabitants by the noises of them."
Tom willed aside the Berserker and spoke firmly "Get someone to mop the floor of the Command Center since I'm not suitable."
He made a motion to walk away only to get Leader Lave blocking his way after finding the Fishla willed aside his all black eyed look. 
"What now?" He snarled angrily glaring at Leader Lave "I'm doing what you ordered Leader Lave. Making myself leave for scaring the inhabitants."
Tom glared feeling his mood still foul and getting fouler as Leader Lave again showed black eyes and triggered his Berserker side he hearing "Your behavior is not appropriate. Apologize for your rudeness."
Tom flexed a clawed hand into Leader Lave's direction in response only to get Leader Lave speaking his words repeating them via voice. Tom felt rage hitting him angrily willed aside the Berserker and without a word walked away finding Leader Lave kept trying to block him which he pushed out of the way. Tom kept walking ignoring Leader Lave sensed following him which he took a route to the garden to stomp outside into the sunlight. He found a clearing and began doing karate combative art moves over and over including acrobatic moves ignoring himself spied on and filmed. Tom kept up the movements feeling his mood of anger going down from his physical movements. He once done doing a Kata in karate kneeled onto the ground and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate till he heard a loud Tsk sound sounding of Leader Lave's voice. Tom got up feeling his mood a bit bad again but this time much in a calmer mood marched up to Leader Lave to glare with arms folded. 
He glared as Leader Lave again triggered his Berserker side speaking 'Don't tempt me to have you leave the station for your rudeness of acting childish over some temper tantrum you can't control."
Tom felt his rage hitting him full blown mentally spoke finding the Fishla walking away after willing aside his mind walking ability involving black eyes "Leader Lave to me."
He felt someone flying in the air to land feet onto his front knocking him onto the ground as he got up with an acrobatic move and gave up a loud roar with his Berserker side in control. 
Tom ignored the familiar senses blaring warning abruptly to snarl mentally "Fly."
He found rocks and sticks and branches flying around him as he added "Down pinned."
Tom heard grunting noises he figured belonged to Leader Lave which he tracked despite angry to find kid Leaders pinned to the ground and the Fishla no where in sight. 
Tom gave up another roar in response and mentally spoke "Pinned off."
He found T'La and D'Clan getting up via acrobatic moves to stand with hands fisted facing him as he felt a hand tapping his shoulder he sensed was webby. Tom spun around finding the webby hand kept being behind him tapping his shoulder repeatedly over and over. 
Tom felt fed up snarled "Fly."
He found only rocks and sticks flying around him cutting off the tapping followed by quitting it to find T'La and D'Clan in front of him with hands fisted waiting for him to fight. He charged willing aside the Berserker to throw fists and kicking legs at the two kid leaders only to feel a hand webby grab him via the neck in a tight ironclad hold. Tom grunted from zapping pains of electricity hitting him as he found himself forced to kneel via the hand around his neck. 
He glared with annoyance running through him at Leader Lave who spoke "Your behavior is not appropriate."
Tom snarled in response ignoring Leader Lave's hand "Then tell me how I'm supposed to act since I'm clueless!"
Tom glared at Leader Lave to hear a whistle blast sound followed by the Fishla releasing him including backing away with an apparent headache. 
He frowned as he saw Jinks come into sight with a whistle in his mouth that spit it out speaking "Keep your paws off Tom now, Leader Lave. He's a native of the planet like I am. I know some people of this planet who favor him and are furious with you in question with your actions. Stop this dislike towards Tom now Leader Lave."
Tom made a motion to get up only to see Jinks flare all black eyes aimed at him with a glare making him gulp which he remained kneeling as the male added "Let me handle punishing Tom, Leader Lave. He's in love with my daughter a female offspring of mine and wants to be with her. He'll do anything to be with her including doing what I tell him to do."
Tom gulped hearing Jinks' words as he eyed Jinks who put the whistle back underneath his shirt and walked up to Leader Lave holding up his hand and speaking again "Pardon my rude interruption. But I know people who know how to handle punishing Tom better than you do."
He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave looked at Jinks and his hand which he heard from the male in question "No joke on what I said regarding daughter mine being Yana Renova herself. Tom when he found out that his long lost love was her threw a hissy fit-" He gulped hearing as Jinks kept speaking "and displayed an attitude of doing anything to be with her. Besides he's always done what I order him regarding daughter mine. If you think he should be punished for his rudeness I'll handle punishing him and his Berserker side he threw. I'm aware of everything involving that and can handle it."
Tom exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response as Leader Lave took Jinks' hand he noticing the Fishla looked shocked as if mind reading the male but didn't say a word in response once the hands were freed. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Jinks warily to hear Leader Lave speaking "Alright I'll defer punishment to you Leader Jinks. Handle him at your discretion. But I must insist that he apologize for his rudeness."
He felt his mood plummet further to hear Jinks speaking "He'll apologize when I'm done with him. Take T'La and D'Clan and leave now Leader Lave. I need to handle him throwing a hissy fit in my lecturing him without anyone getting hurt."
He found Leader Lave giving him a glare and without a word with the kid Leaders left the clearing which he focused onto Jinks, the male giving him a familiar glare.
Tom snarled angrily "He set me off to throw that hissy fit and set me off throwing the Berserker into his face and my abilities-"
He was interrupted by Jinks making him choke mentally who snarled "You're blowing it Tom with the mission the High Council wants you to do. Behave as law states by the Fishla on the station or else. Quit the blaming of your hissy fit and just man up and admit it that you're furious with him."
He found himself no long choking spoke in response what he've been doing under orders of Leader Lave including "Its gotten to the point of feeling angry enough to lash out in some hissy fit as you call it."
Tom glared at Jinks in response to find the male speaking "Airens free eats."
He stiffened when he felt hands from Airens on his back followed by them felt sniffing him all over making him disgusted. 
Tom spoke loudly "I'm not free eats for your minions Jinks-"
"Don't Jinks me." He was interrupted by Jinks who added "What did I say about calling me Jinks hmm? Airens feed!"
He spoke "No don't you dare!" as he felt the Airens biting him all over including sucking his blood enough to pass out unconscious from it.

Tom came to feeling a purring vibration on top of his chest he grunted an annoyed sound shaking his head of sleep as he felt purring all over him. He jerked open his eyes to discover the purring source was cats with spiny backs that were gathered around him. 
He spoke out loud "At least your friendly with me."
Tom got the cats in response poking him with their paws and biting him in response as he felt the familiar biting sensation on his feet. Groaning he got up finding the cats kept jumping onto him and appearing to be biting at the bugs attached all over him. Tom shook off the buggers including dumping them from his shoes and then felt himself still dizzy shook it off to keep on walking finding the cats had followed him. Tom ignored the cats to find the familiar garden entrance open which he walked inside again finding the cats were still following him and kept on pouncing onto his feet. He grunted an annoyed sound and ignored the cats going to the medical bay to find Alexa shooing him out. 
Including her ordering him "Take those furballs out now!"
Tom obeyed to lie down onto the floor of the hallway feeling himself too tired to move and sleepy. He ignored the cats felt pouncing all over his side and feet to shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a loud yowl sounding in his ear jerking him awake. He found the cats gone from him and no where in sight along with his familiar buggers gone from him. Tom found the yowl sound appeared to come from above him he recognized belonged to a Listener howling. 
Tom forced himself to get up giving off a loud "Good riddance." comment.
He heard "Pardon why are you sleeping when you should in the trading center apologizing to Leader Lave?"
Tom glared at the ceiling he spotted a Listener sitting on it in full view that faded from view. He ignored the Listener to go to the trading center finding various manoids getting out of his way some heard snickering loudly. Tom found Leader Lave seated at the bar on a stool drinking from a cup which sighed and with a groan forced himself to walk to the Fishla to kneel in front of the male with head bowed. 
He kept his head bowed and didn't comment a response only to hear snickering sounds only to look up finding Leader Lave gone but another alien manoid like a Rakcar in the Fishla's stool that held up a drink and spoke "No I'm not giving you a drink no matter how you beg for it."
Tom recalled the Soulers and spoke "Excuse me."
He got the Rakcar frowning as he got up and walked away going to the Soulers standing in front of a metallic door. He walked inside to meet a Souler that blindfolded him followed by turning him around which he lost track of direction. 
Tom heard a familiar click noise to hear "Why is this garbage doing here?"
He found the blindfold yanked off to find himself facing Jason with a glare on his face with Breaker next to him via the Zesky Asylum which he spoke firmly "I came to get something to-"
"I'm not accepting Freeloaders!" He was interrupted by Jason who added "Transport this idiot out now, Breaker!"
He heard Breaker speaking Builder chatter to find himself back into the Soulers' elevator and thrust out by two Soulers grabbing his arms and yanking him away. He heard snickering like laughter from the people behind him as he turned around and with arms folded willed forwards the Berserker. Tom heard gasps from a crowd of people standing around as he flexed a clawed hand into their direction finding them moving scattering. 
He willed aside the Berserker and heard additional laughter to ignore the noises to go to the Command Center to find Leader Lave standing in the hallway speaking "About time you arrived. The floor needs mopping."
Tom didn't comment a response instead went to the closet and yanked out the cart holding the mop including filling in the pail with fresh water. He pulled it into the Command Center to feel a body bump into him making his mood flatten knocking over the pail spilling the water.
"Excuse me." He heard in Victoria's voice as he found she had bumped into him and kicked his pail over. 
Tom spoke blocking Victoria's way from leaving the room "Excuse me Commander but are you free this evening once I'm done my mopping job?"
He got her giving a head shake in a no gesture in Human style and speaking "I don't date Leaders. You should know of this according to Leader Lave."
Tom again blocked Victoria's way as she made a motion to leave "Excuse me, that wasn't a date. I just needed someone to talk to other than a Leader-"
"Well talk to Leader Jinks if you're in need to talk to." He was interrupted by Victoria who added "I'm famished enough to want to eat. If you don't let me leave the room I will call security."
Tom walked aside and found her walking by speaking "Good riddance."
He grunted annoyed sound and again went to the closet to refill his pail and carried the thing and mop back into the Command Center to resume mopping the floor finding it was the same as ever when he mopped the previous night. 
Tom found Leader Lave ordering him to sleep in the hallway which he snarled finding his mood not good "I prefer to choose a hallway of my own choice, Leader Lave."
He made a motion to walk off only to find Leader Lave tripping him via stick weapon which he stumbled and landed face forwards onto the floor. Tom gave up a loud roar and banged fists onto the metallic floor before twisting his form and acrobatic move himself up. He willed forwards the Berserker to stomp walk towards Leader Lave holding a metallic stick and waved clawed hands towards the Fishla like about to scratch the male. He found Leader Lave kept on waving his stick weapon whacking it onto his face for each time he swat clawed hands towards the Fishla's face. Tom felt his mood bad again snarled with a growling noise forcing himself to will aside the Berserker and kneel shutting his eyes forcing himself to mediate. He heard a faint whiz sound indicating a Keo tech device to ignore it and forced himself to remain kneeling with eyes shut he breathing deeply through his nose and mouth. Tom forced himself to kneel mediating and willing his angry mood to leave him. He found the vibrations on the floor didn't bother him. Tom found the stomping movements seemed hypnotic and seemed like drums to him he ignored to will himself to calm. He felt himself tired enough to keep eyes shut and found himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder his bad mood gone from him along with shaking sleepiness from his head. He grunted annoyed sound as the hand became more insisting. Tom jerked open his eyes to frown finding a Souler standing in front of him that made a motion of up with his thumb. He sighed and didn't stand up finding Leader Lave next to him after giving off an Hmph sound. 
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave "Excuse my behavior and my rudeness. I should realize that you're teaching me a lesson even when I don't appear to recognize that."
He eyed Leader Lave who gave up a Bah comment he frowned hearing but got ordered "Come along now."
Tom frowned but spoke "What's Fishla speak for Bah? I'm confused."
He found himself ignored by Leader Lave who kept on walking he sighed and followed the Fishla to the garden's entrance in the hallway to find multiple cats appearing to look like domesticated cats without the spiny points on their backs gathered around. 
Tom frowned hearing another Bah comment from Leader Lave and saw the Fishla was giving him a narrowed eyed look which he spoke firmly "Gonoids whether touching my skin anywhere on me are always domesticated to depend on manoids. Nothing I can do about that except its just permanent to hit onto gonoids once they touch me."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and got another Bah from Leader Lave along with ordered to follow along which he obeyed to Medical Bay hearing a buzzing sound to his confusion. 
Tom frowned as Alexa came into view speaking "Leader Lave, you care to explain this bugger infestation hitting Medical Bay courtesy of your own servant?"
Tom repeated what he said to Leader Lave regarding gonoids and touching his skin and domesticated to Alexa who spoke "Hmph. Tennans are having a banquet in one of the rooms where this bugged infestation is. They've gathered there and are busy eating galore."
Tom exhaled a breath but frowned as Alexa added "Anything I can do for you Leader Lave?"
He frowned while eyeing Leader Lave that spoke "Did these buggers create a nest or something regarding a hive that Tom here can retrieve and remove to the garden?"
He groaned softly to hear "I know just the room for that retrieving."
Tom got ordered to follow by Alexa which he obeyed to hear the buzzing get louder and louder which it turned buzzing loud once they reached a door she sliding it open showing Tennans crawling out.
Tom heard buzzing noises from the Tennans to glare at Alexa while speaking "Something you want to admit, Alexa?"
He glared only to get from her "Just remove the bugs from the room. We need it for every patient."
Tom got her jabbing a finger inside the room which he grunted an annoyed sound and without a word walked inside feeling Tennans poking him all over the place that seemed to be all over the place in the room while giving off their familiar buzzing noises. Tom willed forwards the Berserker getting shrieks in response to find the room cleared up of Tennans leaving it empty with only a patient bed and door to the bathroom open. Tom grunted an annoyed sound and walked out of the patient room to find Alexa doing a double take look seeing his Berserker side. He waved a clawed hand into her face as she without a word stuck out her foot landing it onto his sensitive part making him will aside his Berserker side to put hands onto it while glaring at her.
Tom snarled as Alexa walked away "Can't you use words instead of actions of violence towards me? Such as I was scaring you with my Berserker side in control?"
He glared at Alexa who halted followed by her screaming some angry noise and charging towards him he frowned as she began punching and kicking onto his front which he found himself unable to block. Tom found her kicking and punching were focused onto his sensitive part area as he grunted trying to block her movements. Tom found Leader Lave next to him who halted Alexa's punching and kicking by stepping in front of him. He forced himself to breathe deeply while kneeling to shut his eyes as he heard silence from Leader Lave but sobbing sounds. Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and forced himself to avoid the pain taking control till he felt himself easing it via mediation. He kept the mediation till a hand shook his shoulder shaking him of the sleepiness hitting him he finding himself asleep abruptly and shaken awake. 
Tom woke up eyeing the hand's owner was Alexa who spoke "Excuse me for my inappropriate behavior but kindly get yourself out of medical bay. Your fine according to my scans."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a protest as Alexa added yelling "Coming!"
He saw her run off towards a door to enter he spotted was a patient room. Tom frowned but got up walking to the entrance to Medical Bay finding Leader Lave standing behind the doors. 
He frowned but walked up to Leader Lave who spoke "Bah means somewhere along the lines of 'Your right, but I'm not going to protest to it even though I don't agree.'"
Tom frowned as Leader Lave added "It was the Earthari who came up with that noise and saying in question. I'm just copying what I learned from them ones who came from Terra and not from Aire where you are from."
He spoke "Bah."
Tom got nothing in response from Leader Lave who without a word walked away him forcing himself to follow to the familiar bar which he recalled drinks he drank underneath the High Council.
Tom spoke to the bartender "Vodka you serve that?"
He saw the bartender hand Leader Lave a cup and stare at him with a narrowed eyed glare he recognized was Listener speak "You have a problem and drinking isn't going to solve it."
Tom spoke "You have anything nonalcoholic since I realized I'm on duty?"
He got from the bartender speaking in response "Yah I have something for you. Excuse me."
Tom waited leaning against the bar as the bartender was quick filling a drink of a cup and handed to him which he sipped recognizing the liquid as milk another nourishment liquid his body can accept. 
He sipped the drink taking his time to notice Leader Lave gone from vicinity and found the familiar Rakcar seated in his spot that spoke "Salud Earthari."
Tom spoke "I'll salud you back if it's polite."
He sipped his drink hearing the Rakcar added "Salud is Snakan my species' name and language for 'Respects to drink to live another day. Die next day.'"
Tom held up his cup in response to speak "Salud Sir."
He got nothing in response from the Rakcar who turned around and resumed sipping his drink. Tom remained leaning against the bar sipping the milk drink till the liquid was consumed to noticed the Tygera were again into another punching fight. Groaning he heard from the Rakcar next to him ignored the noises to put his cup down and went to the Tygera doing his familiar hand trick. Tom sighed finding the Tygera were again using his hands palms up as punching targets till they both quit yowling at each other in their cat like language. He found other Tygera arriving to yank them away still yowling loudly. Tom sighed again and went to the Command Center finding Leader Lave no where in sight. He walked inside to see it was empty of Commander and soldiers and only Fishla guards inside. 
"Right mop the floor." He spoke out loud and went to the closet to get the mop and pail.
Tom mopped the floor the best he could ignore Leader Lave standing in the doorway spying onto him him finding himself having to mop twice. Tom forced himself to be calm despite annoyance taking hold. He found himself ordered by Leader Lave to sleep in the hallway which he obeyed to kneel with eyes shut and passed out unconscious lulled by the banging of the Fishla guards stomping hypnotic tones.

Tom came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he found belonged to a Souler. He got up without a word finding the Souler fading from view showing Leader Lave standing in his place. Tom stood with hands clasped in front of him in front of Leader Lave while looking at the Fishla awaiting further orders. He didn't have long to wait as Leader Lave looked him up and down followed by sniffing his shoulder he ignored flinching from. 
Tom ignored and waited as Leader Lave quit the sniffing followed by ordering "Come along."
He found Leader Lave leading to the Command Center he finding Jinks inside appearing to be running operations while Victoria was no where in sight to his disgust. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as his Berserker was thrust forwards he hearing from Leader Lave "Leaders are expected to take over duties of various Earthari serving here and that includes station operations. Pay attention now."
He willed aside the Berserker and went to sit down forcing himself to pay attention to Jinks giving off commands seemingly lengthy till he felt like falling asleep.
Tom found himself urged to sleep groaned softly and without a word forced himself to stand up only to find Jinks ordering him "Your turn to run operations. I've done my duty. Good luck. Just use Yana Renova's name when giving out addresses to the shuttles landing."
He saw Jinks dart out of the room and Leader Lave out of sight. Tom sighed and recalled everything Jinks did order wise and began doing it using what Jinks advised him to do involving Yana Renova's name. 
He felt his feet began to complain of standing so long along with his throat getting sore from his repeated talking till he heard blared overhead "Shift over, Commander leave deck."
Tom looked around finding himself alone in the room with Fishla armed guards. He sighed and went to sit down in the chair shutting his eyes only to feel a whack from a stick on top of his head. 
Tom jerked open his eyes finding Leader Lave standing there speaking "Shouldn't you be mopping the floor?"
Tom sighed and mentally spoke to himself "No rest for the weary."
He ignored his mind scanned to get the mop and pail from the closet and made sure to mop the floor shaking sleepiness from his head repeatedly. He felt like he was going to drop dead once he finished the mopping to Leader Lave's standards. 
Tom didn't protest as Leader Lave got him into the hallway but ordered "Come along now."
He groaned softly finding Leader Lave instead of ordering him to stop and rest for the night which he followed while rubbing a hand over his eyes. He forced himself to pay attention to where Leader Lave was leading him finding the Fishla led him to Victoria's quarters. He frowned finding Leader Lave instead of ringing the doorbell let himself inside with ordering him to follow. Tom obeyed finding it wasn't Victoria's quarters by the furniture of a bed in the living room along with another bed both empty of blankets in the bedroom. 
He frowned as Leader Lave spoke "Go use the bed here. Go to sleep. You look like your about to drop."
Tom obeyed to fall head first onto the bed with a start realizing it was a water bed from the watery movements which he shut his eyes and forced himself to sleep passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a familiar purring vibration on his side that suspiciously felt like a cat. He ignored the cat and kept on sleeping till a piece of metallic tube jabbed his forehead in an insisting move. Tom jerked open his eyes finding the cat getting off his side and jumping off when he sat up ignoring the animal. 
He sat up as Leader Lave withdrew the metallic weapon speaking "Time for you to get up and do your duties."
Tom ignored the watery movements of the bed and forced himself to get up finding himself better rested as Leader Lave put the weapon away into the folds of his jacket and without a word led the way to the familiar bar in the trading center. Tom made sure his drink was nonalcoholic this time. He sipped the milk entirely then found Leader Lave next to him giving him a glare. Tom frowned as Leader Lave ordered him to follow which he obeyed to go to the garden.
Once on arrival he got asked "So what do you know of tracking manoids through nature settings hmm?"
Tom sighed hearing Leader Lave's question to speak "I'm not an expert but I'm willing to learn."
He frowned as Leader Lave spoke "Just follow the footprints in the path and return to me once you've found Leaders T'La and D'Clan."
He obeyed to follow footprints only to find it going off the path into the forest jungle. Tom found the prints led the way to a river from the looks of it and stop which he sighed and forced himself to find the path back to the garden's entrance. He found himself going into a circle from the looks of it grunted annoyed sound and forced himself to kneel making sure he wasn't disturbing bugs' nests. Tom kneeled and waited listening to the noises the forest jungle was making. He heard various noises all over the place and forced himself to listen till he heard multiple Keo tech noises sounding faintly within his ears' hearing. Tom kept on listening to the Keo tech noises till he felt like he heard enough got up. He walked into the forest forcing himself to listen and pay attention to the noises and nature's settings all around him till he found the familiar path leading to the garden's entrance to walk on it. Tom walked till he came upon T'La and D'Clan standing with arms folded appearing to be waiting for him. 
He spoke once reaching them "Any orders that Leader Lave gave you for me to do?"
He heard an ahem noise to find Leader Lave next to him coming out of the bushes in sight. 
Tom frowned as Leader Lave held up a blindfold and spoke "Put them on."
Sighing he obeyed to feel himself twisted into a circle all over the place by the kid Leaders followed by hearing a click sound sounded twice along with Keo tech whizzing sounds. 
Tom heard "Remove the blindfold."
He found himself facing Jinks who gave him an all black eyed glare which made him gulp seeing that. 
Tom frowned as Jinks spoke "Spill it Tom on what you've been hearing from Leader Lave and his Leaders serving them."
Tom spoke "Keo tech from the noises of them."
He clamped his mouth shut as Jinks added "Interesting but can you find your way out of this forest to the garden's entrance before the storms hit? Sky is indicating bad weather."
He saw the sky looking cloudy and dark to him to groan softly and without a word found Jinks following him to the garden's entrance him hearing nothing from the male. Tom found thunder thundering as they both reached the path to the garden entrance and took his time walking on it only to find rain fell hard when he reached the entrance. He grunted annoyed sound reaching the garden's entrance finding Leader Lave no where in sight and the entrance's blast door down. Tom turned around to speak to Jinks only to find the male was gone from behind him he realized with a start that he wasn't paying attention to the male behind him. Tom groaned and went to his familiar tree to find multiple cats coming from hiding around the garden to cuddle with him in warm they appearing to be cold. Tom sighed and kneeled forcing himself to mediate and found himself cold along with multiple cats trying to get onto his front. He sighed and forced himself to lie onto the ground and found multiple cats about ten of them getting on top of him. He found himself warmed by the cats seated on his front including them giving off purring vibrations which he shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling metal like a pipe's end jabbing him on the forehead. He jerked open his eyes finding the cats gone from him but Leader Lave standing nearby him with his familiar metallic weapon in hand. Tom checked his body's system and then swung himself up acrobatic move. He stood with hands clasped in front of him facing Leader Lave and waited. Tom didn't have long to wait as Leader Lave flicked the weapon multiple times onto his front and around him he ignored refusing to flinch. Tom waited as he sensed the familiar bugs were crawling all over him again as Leader Lave flick them off. He kept himself still till he felt the bugs were off his form remained still only to groan as Leader Lave's metallic stick whacked him onto the back of his head. Tom grunted an annoyed sound to eye Leader Lave with a frown finding the Fishla again whacked him on the side of his head. He grunted to look down ignoring Leader Lave who rubbed the weapon all over him not sparing his sensitive part including getting his clasped hands apart. 
Tom remained still waiting only to hear "Take off your shoes." 
He obeyed to see bugs fly out along with Leader Lave whacking his feet he ignored. Tom ignored and waited for Leader Lave to finish his work removing the bugs. 
He didn't have long to wait as he got ordered "Put on your shoes now."
Tom obeyed to frown standing staring at the ground waiting only to hear a Keo tech whiz sound and found Leader Lave gone from his presence. Tom grunted an annoyed sound and used what he learned to find his way back to the garden entrance finding Leader Lave standing there with weapon hidden. Tom frowned but remained silent while eyeing Leader Lave who without a word walked away he forcing himself to follow silently. Tom kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave led the way to the trading center's bar which he got his familiar milk drink and sipped it taking his time. Tom found Leader Lave remained seated next to him sipping a drink appearing to be taking his time sipping it as he copied. He didn't comment a response as once he was done noticed the Tygera about to throw a fight again got a hand on his arm when he made a movement to leave the bar. 
Tom found the Rakcar had his hand onto his arm speaking "Just let the Tygera solve it themselves. They should learn better without a Leader's interference."
Tom frowned but obeyed to stand leaning against the bar watching the scenery around the trading center including noticing other Tygera arriving to separate the fighters and appeared to be gathered around in a group with them appearing to be yowling at each other. Tom looked away finding Leader Lave next to him giving him a glare. He straightened up his form and with hands clasped in front of him wordlessly followed Leader Lave paying attention to where they were going to find the Fishla led the way to the Command Center but this time appeared to be walking by it. He frowned to follow finding Leader Lave led the way to the Ambassadorial meeting room he finding other Ambassadors there that formed range of emotions seeing him. 
Tom frowned as Leader Lave spoke "This is Tom Thunder, a hybrid Earthari and Ambassador of the natives of Aire as they wish to call the world instead of the name of Zarghuna."
He exhaled a breath hearing that from Leader Lave to find one Ambassador speaking "Reeow, rumor is it this Tom has some odd alien side of his involving flaring it when receiving telepathic talk. I tried this onto him and got his odd side."
"Tom, you care to show it to the Ambassadors?" He got from Leader Lave.
Tom obeyed to stare at the floor with his eyes hearing multiple gasps from the Ambassadors in reaction to his Berserker side. He frowned to hear a loud meow sounding of a cat to him followed by paws of one onto his shoulder. Tom sighed and removed the Berserker to find the cat rubbing its face onto his ear while purring loudly.
He spoke firmly "Leader Lave did your pet companion aka cat as we call these gonoids, get out of your quarters again?"
Tom heard nothing in response from the Ambassadors but from Leader Lave who spoke "Not my cat as you call them. The cats hanging around here are the type to chose the ones they want to stay with like this fuzzy we call them has chosen you."
Tom sighed finding the cat an orange ball of fur pawing his ear and sensed chewing onto his long hair. 
He spoke "Excuse me."
Tom ran fingers through his long hair to find a bug that Leader Lave missed and took it out for the cat to grab via mouth and didn't protest as the furball jumped off and ran out of the room. 
He focused onto Leader Lave to find the Fishla speaking "Interesting symbolism of gonoids helping manoids."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as the Ambassadors without a word left the room some felt touching his shoulder in a gentle squeeze move. He sighed after each squeeze and didn't flinch from it as he was left alone with the Leaders, Lave, kids and Jinks. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Jinks you know the drill. Just tell the Ambassador what he needs to know. Pardon me."
He found Leader Lave fading from view while hearing faint whizzing sounds including the same with the kids to focus onto Jinks who formed an all black eyed glare making him gulp. 
Tom frowned as Jinks spoke using his creepy voice tone "That Keo tech was something the Freeloaders you of the High Council called them invented on Rakcara as that world was called. Anubis managed to get a copy of that tech and passed it around to the High Council. The Freeloaders got wind of that and passed their invention to worlds including Fishlala the Fishla themselves who only reserve that tech for Leaders or Skulls as their referred on their prison colony planet. The Fishla grabbed a hold of Terror a Tennan hybrid from outer space floating inside a wrecked up Queen ship the Tolyatti itself that was destroyed and transported him another planet aka Uzan as identified later."
Tom stiffened hearing the word Uzan as Jinks kept speaking "The Freeloaders on Uzan is where their originally from evolved or devolved into gonoids aka Banshees more animal than manoid and abandoned their way of life enough to wipe themselves out living on the surface. The Fishla found traces of Uzan civilization on the surface but figured the race died off after some kind of sickness involving extinction hence their germ phobic attitude towards worlds when they create those stations of theirs. The Fishla assumed that their living on the water of Uzan is what wiped out the Freeloaders hence the germ phobic attitude assumed."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as Jinks continued speaking "The Fishla doesn't realize that the Freeloaders left offsprings mostly hybrids that are now living underground preserved to keep Uzan populated for a lengthy time period. I was told this by Leader Lave who seemed to know very much details about Aire including about the High Council themselves. It was him who confronted me of you being a servant of the High Council and accused of being a spy."
Tom groaned softly hearing that as Jinks kept speaking "Besides you see this broach I'm wearing?"
He nodded his head not trusting his voice to get from Jinks in response "I suspect it's the source of the Fishla's Keo tech as you name it. I haven't been taught how to use it other than just wearing it for decoration as a Leader."
Tom frowned sensing someone spying abruptly to focus onto the window of the room as if drawn to find Leader Lave appearing via a hidden status after a familiar squeal sound was heard. 
He exhaled a breath as Leader Lave spoke ignoring Jinks' growling noise heard as he gave up twin growling noises "Pardon me for eavesdropping" He found Leader Lave jabbing his weapon in his direction and speaking "The stink of him by the Soulers marked him as a servant of the High Council like anyone they have in service here hence my sniffing his shoulder, inky."
Tom heard Jinks' growling angrily went to Jinks and without a word willed forwards the Berserker and forced the male to kneel forcing his eyes shut and mentally broadcasted to the male via mind "He's just trying to set you off with that insult. Just calm down now."
Tom ignored Leader Lave to focus onto Jinks only to feel a whack of a pipe weapon onto his back and looked finding the Fishla was standing in front of the window. 
Tom willed aside the Berserker and spoke "I'm not in the mood to fight." 
He glared at Leader Lave only to feel another whack on the back of his head finding the Fishla had used super speed to hit him again. Tom felt his mood flatten finding Leader Lave refused to balk from whacking him despites telling him off. He willed forwards the Berserker only to feel a body connect with his front along with a hand slapping him on the cheeks. 
Tom willed the Berserker aside finding Jinks giving him a glare and speaking "That's not needed."
He obeyed to find Jinks stepped back from him to keep glaring at him who he folded his arms and didn't comment a response as the male gave Leader Lave a glare. 
Tom frowned finding his mood quit being bad abruptly as he eyed Leader Lave hearing Jinks speaking firmly "What else did you smell from me as indicated by the Soulers?"
He eyed Leader Lave who put away the weapon and faded from view getting himself speaking "Typical Fishla never explaining what you want explaining."
Tom grunted when he felt an elbow into his front indicating it was from Jinks who spoke "Fishla don't like giving explanations like the High Council doesn't either. Remember that Tom."
He sighed and spoke firmly while glaring at Jinks "When can I pursue Victoria?"
Tom grunted to feel a fist connect with his sensitive part he finding it was from Jinks who snarled "Victoria? All you care is my daughter mine and feeding that thing?"
He ignored the term thing Jinks referred to his sensitive part spoke firmly while glaring at Jinks "She gives me a reason to have a purpose in my life other than being what I am a servant of the High Council."
Tom sensed his words recorded abruptly glared at Jinks while folding his arms as the male spoke "You're an idiot."
He kept the glare as Jinks without a word marched towards the room's entrance only to block the male's way. 
Tom got from Jinks "Get out of the way now, Tom!" 
He willed forwards his Berserker side in response and felt himself choking to mentally broadcast to Jinks "We're being recorded and no it's not the High Council listening."
He got a glare from Jinks in response that gave up a loud Hmph sound and went to a couch to sit leaning back as he felt himself still choking. Tom went to Jinks' couch to tap the male on the shoulder as he gasped for air. 
He gulped as Jinks waved a hand in his direction and snarled "Get out of here and leave me alone to my thoughts. I'm angry enough to react violently using my fists inappropriately."
Tom willed the Berserker aside finding himself able to breathe and heard blaring in his mind "Yep they got recorders into the Ambassadorial room via Command Center which Mindbender's admittance of being a servant of the High Council was heard."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Tank's blaring voice ignored the Meritanian to walk out of the room going to the hallway. He found Leader Lave blocking his way after appearing via whining squeal sound. Tom exhaled a breath hearing a growling noise to find a Gate Destroyer appear next to him as he sensed Tank quit his mind scanning. He frowned while eyeing Leader Lave and the Gate Destroyer who without a growl grabbed his arm and with twin strength to Jinks yanked him into the Command Center with the other Ambassadors there giving him glares he noticed. 
Tom frowned as the Gate Destroyer forced him to sit down in a chair and heard "It's him who said that admittance to the servitude to the High Council."
Tom exhaled a breath finding the Gate Destroyer kept his hand's hold onto his shoulders hearing D'Clan's voice hearing soft squealing sounds. He kept his mouth into a thin line and formed a glare and waited as he felt steel of a Souler's sword onto his neck along with whining squeals sounded. He heard gasps as he glared at an appearing out of hidden status Souler with a sword onto his neck. 
Tom glared with annoyance running through him as the Souler's voice was heard "Interesting. Considering the High Council has a base on this planet. It was originally Shadan till Edenia with Humania arrived and orbited the planet turning it to Aire now."
He heard gasps sounding in the room to the Souler's words as he kept on glaring at the Souler while willing forwards Sinister. Tom found the Souler kept his sword onto his neck and found the top of his head grabbed via the hair baring his neck. 
He glared at the Soulers in the room as he spoke "Soulers and the Shadonia are the same species."
Tom heard nothing in answer to his words only an irritated voice speaking "What's going on Leader Lave with this meeting of Ambassadors in the Command Center when the station isn't in operation?"
He exhaled a breath recognizing Jinks' voice sounding annoyed to hear loudly "Jinks Montreal aka Lance Richard deity God of the Underworld."
Tom exhaled a breath feeling the sword's edge continued to poke his neck as he gulped while hearing from Jinks "Yes that's me. Why is Tom being like that anyway?"
Tom spoke "They overheard me admit being a servant of the High Council via recording in the Ambassadorial room."
He heard nothing from Jinks in response but a grunt sound along with further grunting noises. 
Tom found himself unable to see Jinks making that grunting noises as he heard growling noises followed by hearing "This Jinks is too Airheaded with Tom telling Tom too much."
Tom spoke while hearing Jinks groaning as if fisted "It's Jinks' daughter Victoria who I prefer to him for mating wise."
He felt a hand on his wind pipe choking him as he heard "Victoria has been pointed out as Yana Renova herself. What do you plan to do about this?"
Tom found himself unable to speak as he mouthed "I love Victoria and would do anything for her. Just as long as she's kept unharmed and out of your quarrel with me and the High Council."
Tom gulped finding a hand gloved covering his mouth as he again continued to choke. 
He gulped for air through his nose as Leader Lave's voice was heard "Eli call Yana Renova to the Command Center now." 
Tom gulped hearing the computer voice speaking "Affirmative calling Yana Renova now."
Tom frowned hearing a loud ringing noise indicating of a phone to him followed by Victoria's voice heard "Renova yes, Eli?"
Eli's voice heard "Ambassadorial meeting at the Command Center. They request your presence."
Tom found himself unable to speak or gasp for air as the hand remained clamped over his mouth. 
He heard from Victoria in response "Eli quit the joke of the Ambassadorial meeting. I'm busy at the moment and can't attend. Give Leader Lave my regards, Eli."
He sighed through his nose and didn't comment a response as he found himself able to breathe to gasp for air. 
Tom heard faint groaning noises followed by Jinks speaking "The Sages figured out your situation Leader Lave and blabbed it to Victoria who's not going to show up in here."
Tom exhaled a breath and deeply breathed through his mouth of relief only to hear from Leader Lave "Breaker if you can hear me transport one Yana Renova to Command Center now."
He stiffened as he heard a familiar click followed by noises of a laptop computer sounding above followed by hearing "She's in the air duct recording what we're saying."
Tom frowned as there was a squeal of metal followed by a bang sound along with a thud and then a loud Hmph in Victoria's voice sounding annoyed and heard "Can't a writer get any privacy around here for typing my stories?"
Tom felt himself choking by hands again along with hearing "Yana Renova, admit it that you're a spy for the High Council."
He gulped hearing it as Victoria's voice still using the annoyance was in the tone was heard "I thought this was the Annoyov Barack station a place of peace as said by you Fishla putting us Earthari in charge of running it. You make it sound like its nothing but a gathering place of war instead. Admit that Leader Lave."
Tom gulped fully while feeling the sword pressing into his neck further as the hands freed his mouth and windpipe. 
He spoke firmly "Fishla admit it you destroyed the Humans" he hearing gasp of shock as he added "Home world Terra with eaters and plagues once Edenia and Humania left the place from forming it as Terrania."
He kept speaking ignoring the sword felt cutting his neck he felt himself bleeding a bit "Admit it Fishla that it's the predicted Great Death as said via the book of the Hayu."
He found his mouth clamped shut by a hand and felt himself still bleeding as the sword pulled itself from his neck. 
Tom groaned from the pain as the sword was felt wiping the blood on his neck followed by hearing "This Human's blood isn't Earthari but something else."
Tom gulped hearing the Souler's voice as he continued to hear while feeling a hand grabbing his neck choking him "Admit it Tom that you're nothing but a genetic experimental weapon by the High Council to spy onto us and the Humans."
He heard the voice sounding of a Souler spoke firmly after finding himself no longer choking "I came from the planet orbiting Shadan a product between a Human female and a Keo male as the species refer themselves. Take a look at my face. I have a cut via knife there scar for the murder of a Keo as traditionally done before exiled from Uzan, as the world is called, via travel gates to land into the High Council's servitude. What they order me I obeyed without questioning their orders out of desperation of having something to live for."
He grunted as he again felt a hand gloved feeling his face and shut his eyes forming a frown as the hands was felt examining him further. Tom grunted as he felt smaller hands bare felt feeling his face including feeling the knife like scar on the area by the hand making a line. 
He heard "He's got the mark on his face."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing D'Clan's voice but didn't comment a response as the hands forced his eyes open. He obeyed to grunt feeling a sword poking his neck right where the cut was making his eyes water. Tom frowned while eyeing the ceiling to find a Tennan poking a figure an outline he saw via the area. 
He kept on eyeing the Tennan while grimacing from the sword felt digging into his neck as he heard "Where's Terror now, Souler?"
Tom exhaled a breath and heard from the Souler "Fixing the damage caused by you Fishla destroying Terra." as gasps was sounded followed by hearing "Yes the Fishla destroyed Terra aka Earth the Humans' home world the Great Death as predicted by the book of the Hayu as spoken by this Tom here. He's telling the truth on this matter."
Tom groaned softly as he kept on forced to stare at the ceiling as he heard "Whatever. I might as well type this down."
Tom frowned hearing Victoria's voice sounding of sarcasm followed by a familiar sound of a laptop typing rapid fire paced. 
"Reeow! You're going to let her record what's going on here for the High Council?" He heard from one Ambassador.
Tom gulped while staring at the Tennan above to get the Listener to move who moved and heard nothing to indicate that being on the ceiling. He found the Tennan waving a hand aimed at him followed by a foot which he shut his eyes. 
Tom frowned as he heard in response "Just let her type. She obsessed with that habit. Besides didn't you say Eli that you're blocking signals from elsewhere being transmitted from here?"
He frowned hearing Jinks' voice sounding firm as he gulped again feeling the sword poking his neck making his cut again bleed to his disgust. 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker only to hear from Leader Lave "Will that away now, Tom or else."
He heard a Hey comment from Victoria which he obeyed to hear a sound of disgust via Victoria's voice followed by rapid fired typing resumed. Tom groaned while keeping his eyes shut to listen to the noises sounding in the room as he kept on hearing Victoria's rapid fired typing. 
Tom felt a compulsion to speak spoke words coming out of his mouth "The High Council won't tolerate this jokey situation you're playing onto our Ambassador speaking for us."
Tom gulped sensing the words were from the Meritanians manipulating him as he heard a growl sound from the Gate Destroyer in the room followed by feeling a bare hand touching his forehead along with his mind scanned.
He gulped as he again felt compelled to speak "The High Council finds this situation disgusting and inappropriate treatment towards our Ambassador. He was picked because of his Human side and that you have trust towards Humans. His alien side, excuse that, because he's a trusted servant of ours and have displayed undivided loyalties towards us was reason why we trust him to communicate to you natives of the station."
Tom felt the compulsion to speak quit as he kept on feeling his mind scanned to hear growling sounds along with Eli's squeaking voice speaking "He sounds like he's manipulated by the Sages, mind walking sentient plant life forms that live on the ocean on the planet. We Gate Destroyers can tell when manoids are manipulated by them including communicated by them."
Tom spoke firmly "Ramses, care to introduce yourself?"
He heard blaring in his mind while hearing gasps sound "I'm mighty Ramses the great! I'm the greatest there is! You can't do a thing about it! Ha, ha!"
Tom gulped to feel hands picking onto his eyes which he opened them to glare at the Gate Destroyer's face in view of him giving him a golden eyed glare of accusation he saw. 
Tom spoke firmly "Ramses and sisters and brother aren't the only world to have Sages. There's other worlds that have Sages but I'm not privy to details of what the Sages on those worlds do. The Sages on this world habitually like to play jokes on the High Council and to anyone who they care to make fun of. I'm not spare of those jokes either. They only tell the High Council information on a need to know basis including via hints. The High Council is aware of you and this stunt, by the Sages mind scanning everyone in the room. No one is powerful to block the Sages except another Sage. They can manipulate manoids to act inappropriately and speak words."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited for word from the High Council as he heard "Interesting."
He frowned hearing the word Interesting spoken over and over followed by familiar growling noises of the Meritanians in his mind as he heard Barry's familiar voice speaking Builder chatter to stiffen. Tom blinked his eyes finding himself kneeling in a hallway hearing banging thumps in hypnotic tones he compelled to remain with eyes shut. Tom obeyed letting the thumps lull him to sleep as he passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he jerked open his eyes to frown finding a Souler standing that faded from view showing Leader Lave standing in his spot giving him a glare making him gulp. 
Tom gulped but got up and without a word got from Leader Lave "Fell asleep didn't you?"
Tom spoke "Must have."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "You're not the only Leader who fell asleep here after doing a mopping job in the Command Center. I see that you had a dream didn't you?"
Tom spoke firmly "Yes had a dream. Can't say what it was. Not sure of its meaning."
He frowned as Leader Lave spoke in response "Your dream like any other Leader here kneeling and sleeping have always turned out to be their greatest nightmare making them think it really happened when it didn't."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Leader Lave added "Come along with me."
He obeyed to follow Leader Lave to the Ambassadorial room finding no one in sight but sensed Jinks hiding by the senses blaring. He frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who took out the weapon and with quick moves got him to kneel onto the floor he grunted from the pain. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Now shut your eyes and mediate now."
He obeyed to do it till he felt urged to fall asleep opened his eyes till he got Leader Lave whacking him on the back of the head via weapon and speaking "Keep your eyes shut."
Tom spoke "I was falling asleep-"
He was interrupted "Yes I know so sleep if you must."
Tom obeyed to kneel and mediate only to feel hands grabbing his head forcing his neck up along with a Souler's sword poking his neck he gasped from the pain as he again got a cut onto the area. 
Tom gulped to hear "Now Servant of the High Council, you will admit what was done to make people think they dreamed the confrontation of you being a servant of them via the Command Center."
He gulped to hear "He used a Builder's voice talent to get the Meritanians to erase the confrontation."
Tom continued to gulp as he again felt the sword poking his neck along with sensing a light show and hearing "Your trick won't work on us Builder. We're partially the species of Destroyer that are immune to Builder's voices talents."
Tom kept on gulping as he heard Barry's voice speaking in response "This war involving the High Council is between you Soulers and them and no one else. I simply erased that fact from others' minds with the Meritanians' helping. I don't aim to bring other species into this war despite this Fishla appearing to be aware of it."
He gulped as he heard "I was born Human actually that got changed into a Fishla as a way of communicating to the Fishla species the destruction of Terra and trying to convince them that genocide of the Humans wasn't the answer." 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as he heard a loud grunt sounding of Jinks' voice tone along with hearing "I'm trying to sleep, do you mind?"
Tom frowned as he heard "Jinks leave with no questions asked."
He heard Barry's voice heard a loud Hmph sounding of Jinks' voice followed by hearing "Give Tom hell for what's he's doing to my daughter mine with that obsessed attitude towards her. He'll do anything to have her as his."
He sensed Jinks left the room followed by hearing a bang sound and heard "Doors to the room is shut. We can talk to this servant in private-"
"Talk to me instead." He heard Barry interrupt the voice of Leader Lave who added "Spare Tom of this interrogation now."
He gulped hearing Barry's voice sounding of pleading to hear "Meritanians transport one Barry out now!"
Tom gasped hearing the voice of Leader Lave's words to hear a click sound despite hearing Barry's Builder gibberish. 
He frowned hearing silence from Barry to groan from the pain of the cut on his neck via the sword as he heard "Now where we're we before this rude interruption?" 
Tom gulped as he sensed a light flash to hear "Meritanians transport this fool out now!"
"No!" He heard sounded of Ajax's voice loudly followed by hearing "They say they'll do anything if you free this servant of them and interrogate me instead."
He stiffened from Ajax's voice sounding firm while hearing growling noises of Soulers in the room as he felt the sword off his neck followed by hearing "Transport this servant out of the room now!"
Tom found a light flash to grunt from a weapon hitting the back of his head as he heard "Wakey wake up smarty."
Tom groaned softly feeling himself urged to throw up as he found himself in bed sick in his stomach. He rolled over and threw up and heard nothing in response to his weird dream he had. He felt confusion hitting him frowned as he jerked open his eyes to feel something wrapped around his sensitive part. Tom grunted feeling the thing around his sensitive part. He rolled his eyes and forced himself to release the toxins within his system. Tom frowned once done doing to focus as if drawn finding Barry standing next to him holding onto his hand with a glare on his face. 
He grimaced and got from Barry "So talk on what you were mumbling about involving the High Council viewing you as an offspring?"
Tom groaned and recalled his dream spoke it while rubbing a free hand onto his neck he felt was bare of bandage and no scarring. 
Tom once done got Barry's familiar glare making him gulp followed by hearing "you didn't answer my question Tom."
He groaned softly and spoke firmly "Barry I'm seemingly their perfect servant who always does orders they give without questioning them or rebelling."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to frown while staring at Barry who spoke Builder chatter he finding himself hearing in his mind "Nighty night smarty."
Tom passed out unconscious to come to feeling a cat pouncing all over his front while feeling like he was floating in water to his confusion. Tom groaned rolling over only to feel a metallic pipe touching his forehead. He grunted and opened his eyes as the cat felt on him gave up a loud meow sound. Tom sighed and forced himself to awake finding Leader Lave standing next to the bed who put away his weapon poking him on the forehead. 
He sighed and got up without a word to stand eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "About time you woke up. You fell asleep in front of me and slid to the floor which I had to carry you to here."
Tom grimaced hearing the annoyance in Leader Lave's voice tone as he got a throat clearing noise spoke "Excuse me. Either I wasn't well rested or I was more tired than I let on."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Leader Lave without a word walked away he followed out of the quarters taking a route to the familiar Medical Bay to his disgust. 
Tom felt disgusted as Leader Lave got Alexa to arrive and heard the Fishla speaking "Alexa, see to this Leader's medical ailment. He passed out in front of me during a lesson."
He sighed and followed Alexa to a room and got ordered to strip which he obeyed finding the nurse ogling him despite his repeated throat clearing noises. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Alexa quit the ogling to get him tested. Tom felt the familiar itchiness hitting him again along with ordered to show his Berserker side which he obeyed. 
Tom felt itchiness hit again as there was a voice speaking "Tom, wake up!"
He frowned hearing the voice sounding insisting on and seemed firm as he felt himself still lying in bed with a hand holding onto his hand he felt was masculine from the feel. Tom grunted as there was a cat felt pouncing all over his front he jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him. He glared as he saw Barry who gave him a familiar glare in response. 
He spoke "Just let me sleep."
Tom shut his eyes only to hear "Tom, wake up!"
He grunted an annoyed sound and woke up to glare at Barry who remained holding his hand and silently glaring at him. He eyed Barry as if drawn to find the male shifting into a floating Sora holding onto his hand and speaking the familiar words of woken up status including his name. 
Tom felt confusion hitting him to speak loudly "What's going on?"
Nothing answered his question instead continued to hear the voice speaking "Tom, wake up!"
He grunted an annoyed sound and spoke "Alright I'm awake."
Tom found darkness hitting till there was nothingness hitting.

Tom came to hearing the voice urging him to wake up as he mentally spoke "Tom, wake up!"
He grunted as he felt sickness hitting him via his stomach as he felt himself urged to throw up obeyed while feeling a tube stuck into his mouth taking up the liquid. He didn't protest as the felt his body withdraw from the drug he was given he assumed it was. Tom came to feeling himself chained in the High Council's brig from the feel of the floor felt onto the bottoms of his seat he naked of clothes. 
He grunted out "What's going on?"
Tom felt the Berserker in control felt himself too sick to withdraw it back within him as the chains remained holding him. He again felt a familiar feeling involving drug withdrawing obeyed and ignored the liquids pooling around him. 
Tom groaned once he felt himself passing out unconscious via the voice ordering him "Nighty night smarty."

Tom came to feeling himself no longer sick, naked, and chained. He felt himself lying onto a bed that suspiciously felt like Jinks' spare bedroom's bed to him along with blankets on his form. He jerked open his eyes to groan loudly seeing he was in Jinks' residence among the First Ones. Tom rolled over groaning softly and shut his eyes only to feel a cat's paws walking onto his side from jumping onto there. Tom ignored the cat that purred loudly once it reached his shoulder. He kept the ignorance as the cat was felt pawing his face and giving off meows sounding annoyed to him. 
Tom groaned out "No rest for the weary."
He sighed and opened his eyes to find King Winter standing in the room next to him as the cat was felt quitting the pawing. He gulped seeing King Winter's familiar glaring stare followed by the Cold Lord thrusting his torch cauldron staff aimed at him. Tom gulped as he felt a coldness feeling overtaking his entire body followed by passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up while hearing an alarm clock blaring in his ear. He rolled over ignoring the noises only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. He jerked open his eyes to glare with annoyance only turning to shock seeing Jinks clad in his familiar black clothes standing there that removed the hand. Tom frowned as Jinks minus scars on his face he recognized as Seth twin of Jinks himself, but posing as Jinks Montreal stood straightening up his form. 
Tom sat up as Seth spoke "About time you woke up. King Winter made a visit and refused to explain what he did to you. So get up and attend to your hygiene from the smell of you. You'll find clothes on the sink counter."
Tom sighed and obeyed ignoring that he was naked of clothes and noticed Seth followed him into the bathroom giving him an all black eyed glare with arms folded. Tom sighed again and forced himself to shower underneath Seth's eye glare spying onto him. He once done cleaning himself walked out and got thrust the towel by Seth. 
Tom spoke "So what am I doing here, Jinks-"
He was interrupted "Don't Jinks me, Tom. Call me Father in Law like you said you would."
Tom cleared his throat and once done drying himself found clothes onto the sink counter. 
He put on the clothes he saw was a pair of sweats as he spoke "How's Victoria anyway?"
Tom got an Hmph from Seth who spoke "Victoria is still around somewhere obsessed with that laptop of hers."
He sighed and got ordered to follow which he obeyed to notice his familiar senses involving Jinks Montreal the original kept on blaring he figured to himself "Jinks must have gotten that scar on his face removed. Definitely not a twin."
Tom heard nothing in response to his thoughts as Jinks, he assumed was the male led the way to the dining room to find another Jinks there clad in a Leader's uniform appearing to be snoozing in the chair with head bowed. 
Tom sighed and went to sit down eyeing the Jinks seated across from him that woke up jerking his head he hearing "Katherine." spoken from him. 
He frowned as eyed both Jinks finding nothing to indicate which one was which as the Jinks in Leader's uniform that stood up and disappeared into a light show. Tom shifted to eye the Jinks without the scar on his face with a frown. 
He heard from Jinks loudly "Willingham!"
Tom heard a familiar Tsk sound to find the Butler Willingham in the room which Jinks spoke "Herbal tea for my friend here as nourishment only and nothing else."
Tom frowned as Willingham gave a head bob and faded from view he hearing the kitchen doors banging as Jinks added "So what's with calling me Jinks when I'm known as Father in Law hmm?"
He sighed and spoke firmly "Sorry mistook you as your twin Seth. Wasn't sure which one was which. Saw you without the scarring on your face and assumed that you were Seth. Pardon me and my assumption."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and got from Jinks in response "Even the High Council is still having trouble telling which one is which from what I'm told when we both were in their presence."
Tom spoke seeing Jinks went to sit down at the head of the table "How's Victoria telling the difference?"
He frowned as Jinks sat and got from the male in response "Daughter mine doesn't give a care as to who's her father as long as she's living her life."
He heard the kitchen doors bang open to find another servant a female he hearing "Thank you Roberta." from Jinks as spoken.
Tom echoed Jinks' comment to take the cup from Roberta to sip it entirely he finding it was herbal tea. He felt his strength resume and handed Roberta back the cup who walked back into the kitchen. 
He sighed and spoke "Victoria, what's going on with her? The High Council-"
He was interrupted "Don't bother telling servants various information on what's going on with servants among the First Ones."
Tom frowned to form a glare while eyeing Jinks who added "Tam-Mykola MacLeod you heard of him?"
He gave a head bob but didn't comment a response as Jinks continued "Alright Tam found a travel gate to get off Aire to elsewhere. He came back with Barry and brothers in tow via another travel gate. As for Victoria, in answer to your question she's around here typing onto her laptop as usual."
Tom frowned as Jinks added after getting up "See me to the gym room now, Tom."
He obeyed to go to the gym room to find Victoria with long black hair and no scar on her face typing away onto the laptop inside that gave him a familiar glare with all black eyes. Tom gulped seeing the glare and noticed her hair had traces of brown highlights on it and indicated it was fake to him. 
He grunted and spoke "So what have you been doing since I last saw you?"
Tom frowned as Victoria ignored him and resumed typing which he heard from Jinks "Just do the Kata in black belt now Tom. Try to avoid kicking her."
Tom obeyed despite careful to watch where he was kicking and fisting as he did the Kata in black belt finding himself filmed to his annoyance. Tom found Victoria getting up carrying her laptop without a word and stomped out of the room doors banging with a slam sound. 
"Continue practice." He heard from Jinks "Ignore daughter mine now, Tom."
Tom sighed and obeyed to practice the Kata till he felt like he had an enough glared at Jinks who jabbed a finger in his direction towards his eyes. He sighed and recalled to his shock his Berserker side in control as he did the Kata. Tom willed the Berserker aside along with Sinister and stood frowning while eyeing Jinks.
"So kneel and mediate now, Tom." He got from Jinks.
Tom obeyed to hear a faint typing sound of a laptop to his annoyance. He grunted annoyed sound and forced himself to breathe deeply through his nose ignoring the noises sounded around him. Tom frowned once he felt himself really relaxed sighed as he felt lips kissing his lips. He recognized them as Victoria's kissed in response till she broke off which he jerked open his eyes to find her jabbing a finger at the doors and Jinks no where in sight.
"Out!" He got from Victoria in response.
Tom groaned softly and got up finding her resume typing onto the laptop while in the room she giving him shooing gestures via a hand. He obeyed to walk out of the room to hear a loud shriek sounding of Victoria along with a body connecting onto his front that suspiciously felt like hers including lips kissing him on the lips that felt like hers. Tom kissed back in response while holding onto the female he felt was Victoria to his shock he confused to why she had a twin. Tom once the female twin of Victoria quit kissing him to pull herself off of him. 
He stiffened as he found Victoria clad in her Yana Renova persona clothes that spoke "So where have you been hmm?"
Tom sighed and thought to himself "High Council is playing some game involving Victoria having a twin."
He spoke while hearing a throat clearing noise off his left "Excuse me I've been laid up busy sick with something not said to me."
Tom frowned as he heard "Interesting." spoken in two voices he found Victoria at the laptop was standing in the doorway eyeing her twin who was eyeing her in response.
Tom spoke "I have no idea what's going on with this twinning stunt at the moment. Don't ask me."
He eyed both Victorias which the black haired one spoke "Twinning? It's more like cloning actually. Something the High Council has been doing towards servants they favored."
Tom gulped hearing that as black haired added "I've been told that a clone of me got sent to follow Tam-Mykola MacLeod to where he went via travel gate aka tree to retrieve him. I see the result is in front of me."
Tom shifted to eye the brown haired Victoria who remained silent as he kept on hearing from the black haired Victoria "I'm pretty sure that the High Council did this cloning business onto Daddy himself hence he's got twins of him. I'm not sure why they haven't done this cloning to you, Tom perfect servant of them."
Tom eyed black haired Victoria to speak "I think they did that cloning already. The first Mindbender who I'm named after was probably a clone of me."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while eyeing Victoria who spoke "I don't think so. I did my research very well detailed. That first Mindbender and you are the same person and not clones."
Tom groaned softly hearing the firmness of Victoria's voice tone to find her clone he assumed was her in her Yana Renova persona disappear into a light show. 
Tom spoke "The first Mindbender didn't have the Berserker side I was displaying the moment I wound up in servitude of the High Council."
He formed a glare only to get Victoria's eyes turning all black in response making him gulp followed by admitting "The Meritanians have an ability to keep my Berserker side from coming out including the ability to make it come forwards. Something I'm not sure how they managed to do that. My Berserker side involves me speaking a specific worded comment in my mind for it to come out and go away."
He frowned while eyeing Victoria who spoke in response after willing aside her all black eyed look to his relief "Just leave me in peace to type by myself."
Tom groaned softly and without a word found Victoria going back into the gym room slamming the doors he grimaced from the bang noises. He groaned and went to the library room to find Jinks inside reading from a book while in a chair. Tom sighed and went to sit down in the other chair only to feel a book behind the pillow. He yanked out the book putting it onto the table and went to the bookcase to pick up a book out of random then resumed sitting down in the armchair. 
Tom eyed the book finding it indicated it was a book appearing to be a journal with "My son." on the cover. 
Tom opened the journal finding a handwritten language he figured was ancient Summeran language of Shadan's Great Britain he shocked to find himself fluent to get it. Tom frowned but forced himself to read the journal entirely he discovered to his shock was himself writing it via that time as indicated including using the names of Shad Mindbender. Tom once done reading the journal shut it closed and placed it onto the table and leaned back shutting his eyes. He groaned softly to will forward the Berserker running fingers through his hair with both hands. Tom kept on groaning till he heard a loud ahem sound to find Jinks in the chair giving him a glare. Tom willed aside the Berserker to notice the journal he read was gone from the table he recalled as if compelled Ajax appeared into a light show and took it before disappearing into another light show while hearing Barry's familiar chatter voice.
Tom spoke "Too many books and can't make up my mind on what to read."
He frowned as he heard a loud Hmph from Jinks who he eyed resumed reading his book he saw was a Veronica Thomas book via the cover's name seen. 
Tom sighed and spoke loudly "Where did you put those Veronica Thomas' books anyway? I might as well read one."
Tom found himself ignored by Jinks who appeared to be engrossed into the book he was reading. Groaning softly he forced himself to get up going to the bookcase to peer at the titles and last names finding multiple books by Veronica Thomas in there including other books he discovered were copies of the High Council's written records. Tom sighed and found a Veronica Thomas book he was sure he hadn't read and took it to resume sitting onto the chair reading the book. He discovered the book had a theme involving an Annoyov during Shadan's Great Britain making him annoyed to read finding everything in the book was twin to the journal's records. Tom grunted an annoyed sound once disgusted with the book and placed it onto the table finding Jinks giving him a glare and resuming reading a book he found was different from the original book the male was reading. Tom sighed and leaned back slouching into the chair letting his thoughts wander till a door knocking sound was heard by him. 
He jerked up sitting up to find Victoria standing in the doorway without her laptop who spoke "Daddy you're wanted in the dining room for eating as a must for you. Same goes for you Tom."
Tom sighed and followed Jinks to the dining room finding Victoria had taken up the rear and was busy sitting at the table appearing to be busy typing another story onto her laptop again. He groaned softly and sat at the table as Roberta arrived carrying a tray. He frowned as Roberta placed food in front of Jinks and Victoria who abandoned the laptop to eat followed by putting a cup of nourishment in front of him while clearing her throat loudly. Tom sighed and forced himself to sip his herbal tea he felt from drinking was milk despite the cup appearing to be a black color. Tom frowned drinking the milk till he heard laptop's typing sounded again to groan softly. He sighed to find Roberta no where in sight but Jinks gone from the room with his plate empty of food. He went to the library as if feeling like needing to be there to find Jinks already inside reading from a Veronica Thomas book. Tom went to sit down and picked up the book he was reading forcing himself to read it entirely till laptop's sounds sounded loudly in the room. He quit reading the book to find Victoria in the room typing onto the laptop ignored by Jinks who was appearing to be reading another Veronica Thomas book. Tom frowned but shifted to finish his book till it was entirely done which he got up and went to the bookcase to put it away along with picking up another Veronica Thomas book he saw via cover he hadn't read. Tom sat down only to feel compelled to put the book onto the table. He obeyed and found himself tossed backwards to land onto metallic floor with a loud grunt. Tom swung himself up to stand finding himself in the Ambassadorial room of the Annoyov Barack station facing Leader Lave and a pair of Soulers standing with arms folded glares on their faces. 
He gulped from the glares to frown as Leader Lave spoke "Now we will discuss your latest mission involving what you found out regarding the individuals named Jinks Montreal and Victoria Montreal."
Tom exhaled a breath and heard Builder chatter to find the voice sounded of Breaker to him to find himself inhaling and telling the Soulers "Jinks Montreal has a clone and so does Victoria Montreal. Her clone is Yana Renova herself. I'm not sure what other clones of Victoria are there. I'm to my knowledge aware that there are always twins of Jinks Montreal around. One among the Earthari on planet Aire and one living among the High Council doing things for them."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and frowned hearing Breaker's voice repeat Builder's chatter only to feel himself not compelled to speak anything frowned visibly with is lips. 
Tom heard from Leader Lave "Quit that. He's clueless on this subject you're asking him, Breaker."
He frowned as Breaker's voice was heard "Anything your not admitting Tom Mindbender?"
He sighed and recalled the journal only to find himself transported out to the High Council's presence arms restrained by the Falcons and his mind scanned abruptly. Tom grunted an annoyed sound as the Falcons' gloved hands remained ironclad tight onto his arms. He formed a glare of annoyance at the Falcons who ignored him glaring to keep their holds onto his arms. 
Tom eyed the High Council in response only to hear "Transport Mindbender out now." from Shad.
He found himself freed from the Falcons to find himself transported back to the station back into the Ambassadorial room knocked to kneel to his annoyance by Leader Lave's familiar weapon. 
Tom spoke with annoyance running through him "Quit that interrogation now."
He glared at Leader Lave standing next to him who spoke "The High Council is getting desperate to figure out what's going on with the Soulers despite multiple spies of them sent to here to do their work."
Tom spoke "So?"
He kept the glare as Leader Lave looked away which he found the familiar two Soulers standing in the room with faces bared one spoke "Interesting that the High Council hasn't made a clone of you yet. They've been detected making clones of their favorite servants since this war started the moment Shadan became Aire."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as the other Souler spoke "Meritanians transport Tom out now!"
He found himself transported to the High Council arms restrained by the Falcons as he again felt his mind scanned to snarl angrily "Just as long as you quit using me as a piece of property in this stinking war of yours! High Council, Soulers!"
Tom grunted feeling a fist connect with his stomach as he glared at Anubis who had ears flat on top of his head. 
He glared at the High Council only to hear from Shad "Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he can be dumped for his insulting words now."
Tom grunted as he found himself freed of the Falcons along with flying in the air to find himself heading down towards the ocean which he did acrobatic flips moves to land feet first into the ocean water. He swam up to the surface to grunt as gonoids he recognized as Trigans came from below him and began swimming around him in a circle. He heard nothing in response to their chatter talk as they reached him followed by nudging him to ride on one of the males. Tom obeyed to breathe deeply for air finding the Trigan going underwater to his confusion and appeared to be going deeper and deeper making him want to breathe for air. He felt the water's pressure pressing onto him as the Trigan got him into lights he grimaced from the glare. Tom grimaced but kept his mouth shut as the Trigan got him into an area he recognized had a door which he got nudged to get off. Tom obeyed to get off going to the door yanking it open followed by yanking it shut behind him and swam in the tunnel in a fast move despite urged to breathe. He ignored his urges to breathe till he arrived to a pool and broke the surface hearing gun cocking noises while gulping for air- 
Tom was interrupted by the Elf speaking "So where did you go and why is the place sounding suspiciously like Terra to me as those Humans call this planetary world?"
He gave the Elf a glare in response sensing his words recorded soon after he spoke his story. 
Tom spoke in response "Just listen to the story now Mister-"
He was interrupted "Just forget the name issues." He got from the Elf.
Tom gave up a Hmph sound and spoke his story in response. 

Tom in Terra

Tom gulped gasping for air as he heard loudly "I would surrender if I were you."
He found his breath back into him spoke loudly "Spare me that joke, High Council of me being in your underwater tanks."
Tom heard in response "Mindbender is that you?"
He shook the water from his eyes and opened his eyes to focus as if shocked to find a High Council member with manoids appearing to be Human holding guns his direction he recognizing Walls' familiar voice spoken in his mind. 
Tom gulped and spoke "Want me out of the pool?"
He saw the Humans' expressions via eyes despite wearing oxygen masks indicated for him to leave the pool which he obeyed to climb out standing with hands up. Tom frowned as the High Council member stripped himself of the robe he gulped seeing a male tall as himself with creepy red Human eyes, fanged teeth and long black hair including pale white skin on the face and black armored clothes twin to the armed Humans. 
Tom frowned as the fanged teeth Human he recognized via memory of the High Council as Nikolas spoke using his voice "Name's Achilles. Where have you come from hmm? And why is the Sage, Walls calling you Mindbender?"
Tom sighed and spoke firmly "Mindbender is my servant name of the High Council from planet Shadan as in transported to here courtesy of a Meritanian doing it."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as Achilles formed a grimace followed by hearing within his mind "He's telling the truth. He's from Shadan where we Sages came from before transported to Terra. I suspect that the High Council from Shadan sent him to report on what's going on within Terra."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Achilles he assumed he'll refer Nikolas' twin who spoke "Alright but the planet aka Terra is ridiculed with plagues that can make a manoid sick so you, Mindbender as referred will have to be underneath quarantined to be sure you didn't catch anything. Excuse me while I have you knocked out unconscious."
Tom felt himself falling asleep while standing up to pass out hearing a loud "He's clear!" spoken loudly within his mind triggering his Berserker side. 
Tom grunted to roll over while lying in bed naked of his clothes. He felt a hand shaking his shoulder along with a loud Hmph sound.
Tom jerked open his eyes to find a Lance Richard look alike twin via the face but had on scaly Zeskaya skin and long black hair and creepy intense black eyes that removed his Human like hand from him. 
The creepy eyes made him gulp as the male spoke "Name is Leader Steven as named via the High Council living on Terra. So talk on this system oddness detected within you hmm?"
Tom sighed and willed aside the Berserker to speak firmly "The High Council tells me what I need to know. They didn't specifically tell me what I'm supposedly being doing here in Terra. Oh I suspect I'm just gathering information for them before transported back to Shadan or Aire as the planet is now called with Edenia and Humania in orbit-"
"What?" He was interrupted sounding of Leader Steven making him gulp as he added "Edenia and Humania arrived over ten Human years ago and started to orbit Shadan making the planetary world now dubbed by the name of Aire."
He frowned as Leader Steven backed away before halting and turning sideways to form a bow he finding a High Council member via the robed outfit standing in the doorway he frowned feeling his senses blaring warning abruptly. 
Tom frowned as the High Council member walked up to him and got his Berserker side in control as he heard in his mind "Talk on what's going on with the High Council on Shadan now dubbed Aire as you call it." 
He obeyed after willing aside the Berserker to hear Leader Steven giving off hysterical laughter to his confusion. Tom gave Leader Steven a glare of annoyance finding the male quit the laughter and faded from view. 
He shifted to glare at the High Council member who again got his Berserker side in control to his annoyance "Interesting story that you're telling us. It does explain some things regarding one Edenia and Humania leaving orbit of this planetary world dubbed Terrania." 
He stiffened hearing as the member kept blaring "Now dubbed Terra only surviving via an agreement between species to avoid sicknesses blaring on the surfaces."
Tom frowned and spoke firmly after willing aside his Berserker "Isn't there something in my system to prove the cure to that sicknesses on the surface as your talking about?"
He heard hysterical laughter sounded again of Leader Steven to his confusion to find the High Council member again speaking "They sent you to become sick with the sicknesses on the surface so we can transport you off to Aire for a cure actually."
Tom spoke mentally "Wait a minute-"
He was interrupted by feeling himself floating in air falling towards the ocean to land onto it in a splash after willing aside the Berserker. Tom swam up to the surface to grunt an annoyed sound as he again met the familiar Trigans that ignored him and were swimming around him out of his reach. He kept on groaning till he felt urged to cough obeyed to cough along with feeling his nose leaking which he found himself mouth breathing. 
Tom mentally spoke "This better be worth it, High Council."
He groaned till he felt himself urged to sleep obeyed to shut his eyes only to come to feeling himself swimming into something disgusting inky and dark while feeling himself coughing and leaking snot via his nose. 
Tom heard blared in his mind "Quit that! I'll get you out!"
He obeyed to quit moving hearing Ramses' familiar voice blaring to find himself dumped onto metal while still coughing loudly and wiping his nose. Tom felt an injection of a dart into his neck shut his eyes and passed out unconscious-
Once again Tom was interrupted "So it was you who was the cure to the plague hitting Terra by the Fishla's destruction ten planetary standard orbits ago."
Tom spoke in response "Anything I should know regarding Terra?"
He glared at the Elf who formed an all black eyed look and waved a hand in his direction he finding himself compelled to speak further of his story. 

Tom on Aire

Tom came to feeling a licking sensation of a cat licking his face while licking his eyelids. He jerked his head as the cat was felt continued on licking him and pawing his face. Tom felt himself able to breathe via his nose groaned softly and jerked open his eyes to frown finding the cat jumping off the bed after giving off a loud meow sounding annoyed to him. He found the door to the room open followed by Jason and Breaker walking into the room who halted once in front of his bed. Breaker he saw was still behind Jason standing with arms folded. Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Breaker was heard speaking Builder's chatter which he found himself relaying everything involving his trip to Terra and returned while sensing himself recorded. Tom once done talking clamped his mouth shut and eyed Jason warily whose eyes turned all black to his creeping him out status followed by giving off a loud roar. He frowned hearing the roaring from Jason who kept on roaring before shaking his head of the black eyed look showing golden eyes. 
Tom frowned as Jason spoke "Alright. I admit it that sicknesses you caught from Terra is familiar to the Zesky Asylum's inhabitants. Such as one named Kurt caught it unknown from wherever and was killed off after captured acting like patient zero."
Tom formed a frown on his face as he felt himself sick in his stomach again to groan as Jason added "Meritanians transport this Mindbender out now!"
He found himself dumped into the ocean via the looks of it to groan feeling the pains felt like expelling to him found Trigans getting into his way of trying to remove his pants-
"Remove your pants?" He was interrupted as the Elf added "That's rude!"
Tom formed a glare in response and snarled "You want the rest of the story or what?"
He glared at the Elf who shrugged Human style followed by waving a hand in his direction. Tom found himself compelled to speak which he obeyed speaking his story. 

Tom on Terra

Tom grunted and got onto the back of a Trigan and breathed the air deeply as he could as the Orca went underwater going deeply underwater till the familiar door was spotted again. Tom didn't comment a response to the Trigan instead went to the door and let himself inside including quickly swimming via the tunnel into the familiar pool. He broke the surface while gasping for air only to hear gun cocking noises to find familiar Humans there with a High Council member he figured was Achilles. Tom frowned but got himself out of the pool feeling his sweats plastered to his form despite still feeling like expelling. He eyed the High Council member who removed the hooded robe showing himself to be Achilles as he thought that gave him a glare with recognition seen via the red eyes.
Tom spoke "Is there a cure in my system or what?"
He got an eye roll from Achilles only to find himself put to sleep via Meritanians doing it.

Tom came to hearing "What?! He's cured of the sicknesses hitting Terra!"
Tom jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying in bed naked without his clothes as he found multiple manoids wearing hazmat gear clothes in the room.
He wound up hearing "He's cured! They did it like they said they would!"
Tom sighed and didn't comment a response as he found Achilles back into the room appearing via a hidden status and speaking "Good luck gentlemen."
Tom heard the sarcasm of Achilles' voice to find Achilles holding up a syringe and in a fast speed move felt it injected into his neck followed by sleepiness hitting him to pass out unconscious.

Tom floated above his body as if drawn to find Achilles remove the syringe and pocketed it in a fast move before resuming a standing position in the middle of the room with arms folded a look of innocent on his face. He kept on watching a point in the room to spot an outline walk away going to out of the room following a hazmat person. Tom found himself still floating next to his body and unable to move from there. He kept on watching himself as if drawn to find himself appearing to flare a blue skinned lined look making him annoyed to see on his body. Tom eyed Achilles who smirked leaving the room only to get his form flying backwards appearing to be pinned to the wall while forming red eyed looks. He gasped seeing the figure in the doorway was a twin of himself with the Berserker side in control as Leader Steven appeared from a hidden status pointing a finger aimed at Achilles.
Tom heard "I saw him inject this servant with something inappropriate."
He frowned while eyeing himself standing in the doorway kept on walking towards Achilles he eyed that appeared to become bugged eyed followed by displaying a red eyed burst look via eyes and ears. Tom grimaced seeing that himself gave the death order to Achilles as males wearing hazmat's outfits removed them showing the figures to be Soulers. Tom grimaced seeing as the Soulers with darts in their hands without a word went to his own body and injected the guns into his body. He saw his own body react via willing aside the blue lined look followed by feeling himself into his body and coughing loudly. Tom coughed enough to throw up over the side of the bed he felt himself in. He kept on coughing till he felt a hand Berserker like felt rubbing the top of his head he sighed from. Tom found himself soothed by the hand and didn't protest as he forced himself to look up at himself he saw was actually Turbo via the senses blaring it. Tom frowned as Turbo with shorter hair stepped aside letting Leader Steven he gulped with recognition seeing was Rin his own son despite having a face of Lance Richard. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Rin aka Leader Steven spoke "No wonder our efforts to find the cure were sabotaged by these vampires. Desperate to control us manoids while stuck here."
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and found his urges to expel taking control to speak "You got an expelling room for me to do something about getting rid of substances from my form? It's not mating."
He frowned as Leader Steven gave him a glare and spoke "Just expel away now on the bed. The medicine is implanted inside you there."
Tom groaned and without a word obeyed despite disgusted to do it including put down asleep which he came to finding himself back into the inky pool transported out. Tom paused hearing silence from the Elf as he paused his talk and then continued speaking.

Tom on Aire

Tom felt annoyance take hold finding himself back on Aire this time in the High Council's presence. He glared at the High Council with annoyance taking hold while restrained by the Falcons. 
Tom felt urged to speak spoke "I hate you!"
He repeated his comment over and over till Anubis clamped a hand over his mouth. Tom growled angrily as both speakers kept their heads bowed he finding the High Council going into a discussion behind them via their heads waggling and hands' waving. 
Tom glared with annoyance running through him as the speakers raised their heads followed by Shad speaking "Transport Mindbender to where he can do something about the stink of him now!"
He found what the High Council meant as in transporting him to King Winter's kingdom to land onto an iceberg which he grunted an annoyed sound while standing there with arms folded. Tom felt a compulsion to strip his clothes which he obeyed despite freezing cold. He ignored the filming sensation hit the moment he landed onto the iceberg and jumped into the water swimming. Tom found the water was lukewarm to his confusion as he swam around in an obvious pool of water. He peered underneath via water to spot a volcano making the water somewhat lukewarm to his shock. Tom forced himself to swim back and forth above the volcano till coldness hit abruptly which he got out of the water and found himself transported to Jinks' penthouse apartment into the spare bedroom. He groaned and went into the bathroom intending to shower only to find the shower stall on. Tom peered to find Victoria with her black haired look inside showering that gave him a come gesture via her finger indicating it. Tom obeyed to get into the shower feeling the water hot enough for him to warm up. He sighed as Victoria without a word proceeded to baby him as in washing him all over with soap. Tom kept himself still as Victoria washed and cleaned him including getting him to kneel for her to rub the shampoo into his hair. He sighed from that to roll his eyes from her massaging him and didn't protest as she got him inside her she going up and down his length. Tom forced himself to remain silent as he spilled himself inside Victoria while hearing her giving off his name. 
He sighed and didn't protest as Victoria got him to stand followed by ordered "Wash my back."
Tom obeyed and didn't protest as Victoria declared him done and the same for herself and got them both out of the shower stall. He found Jinks standing in the bathroom with an all black eyed glare appearing to be studying him ignoring his nakedness. Tom sighed and dried himself fully via towel after thrust it via Victoria who did the same with her own towel and put on clothes Jinks ignoring her to still stare at him. Tom frowned but didn't protest as Jinks without a word jabbed a finger towards the bathroom door towards him. He walked out putting the towel around his waist only to get it yanked off via Jinks as he walked out. Tom frowned to walk out finding himself back into the High Council's throne room restrained by the Falcons to his annoyance. 
He glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him to find Shad speaking "Interesting that Mindbender is displaying this evil eyed look again."
Tom sensed Sinister in control willed it aside despite hearing no roaring within the back of his mind instead was silence. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep and knock him out now."
Tom found himself transported to Barry's familiar bedroom finding Barry lying in bed asleep which he was ignored and went to the other mattress only to feel a compulsion to hit the bathroom. Tom obeyed finding it was set for his use including clothes for him to wear. He obeyed to use the facilities and put on the clothes a pair of sweats and shoes a pair of slip on sneakers to walk out and found Barry remained asleep. Groaning softly he threw himself onto the mattress only to land onto something watery as he shut his eyes only to feel a metallic stick touching his head. Tom jerked his eyes open finding himself back in Leader Lave's quarters via the bed and Leader Lave poking him awake. 
Tom got up and spoke "Excuse me-"
"Where have you been?" He was interrupted by Leader Lave.
Tom frowned and spoke feeling himself rather tired abruptly "Just doing a mission for the High Council. You mind if I use this bed for sleeping?"
He got from Leader Lave speaking "Meritanians transport this High Council's servant out of my quarters to where he can get some sleep now!"
He found himself transported into a rainstorm with thunder and lightening flashing overhead. Groaning he found himself on a field with no trees in sight to his annoyance as the stormy weather raged overhead. 
Tom yelled despite the rain falling "Can't you Meritanians transport me to someplace dry for me to sleep instead of this storm?!"
He heard snickering like laughter in response in the Meritanians' voice tone sounding of Ramses to him as he again found himself floating in air appearing to be headed towards the ocean. Tom did acrobatic flips and landed into the ocean discovering the familiar volcano was underwater making the pool lukewarm. He got out of the pool to the iceberg and with a groan kneeled forcing himself to mediate despite angry and shut his eyes only to feel a bit of water splashing onto his face. 
Tom jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find himself in Medical Bay in a private room with Alexa holding a bottle of water who snarled "Get yourself onto the bed for a scan now!"
Tom obeyed once ordered "Strip yourself of your clothes now!"
He obeyed despite the nurse ogling him he again giving off his familiar throat clearing noises. Tom glared as he went to the bed and laid on it fully naked to shut his eyes hearing snickering like laughter in the Meritanians' voices sounding in his mind making him annoyed. He found himself passing out unconscious to float above his body. Tom found Alexa appeared to be done with the scanning via machine followed by watching her going to his body and appeared to be fondling his stomach muscles and nipples. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Alexa felt his entire front not sparing his sensitive part to his disgust followed by pouring water over his forehead. He came to feeling the water onto his forehead to open his eyes feeling his mood not good. Tom glared at Alexa while shaking water off his face into her face. 
He found Alexa snarling "Hit the private room for a shower now!"
Tom mentally spoke in response as he went into the bathroom to shower "This place is loony."
He heard snickering like laughter within his mind as he thought his comment. Tom ignored the Meritanians still scanning him to shower cleaning himself fully followed by walking out putting the towel around his waist. He found Alexa in the room appearing to be ogling him to his annoyance after she yanked the towel from him. Tom recalled himself raping Victoria kept himself still while giving Alexa a glare with his Sinister side in control. 
He found Sinister refused to come out to his annoyance as Alexa gave up a soft laugh followed by her speaking "Your clothes are on the floor at the entrance of medical bay. I'm not getting them for you. Get them yourself and put them on."
Tom opened his mouth to speak only to hear further from Alexa "Coming!"
He found her darting out of the room slamming the door with a bang sound. Tom gave up a grunt in response and peered out into the hallway finding Alexa had taken the towel with her. He found no one in sight and sensed himself filmed via senses blaring it.
Tom mentally spoke in response "What's going on with the High Council having me doing this naked walking status anyway?"
He heard snickering like laughter sounded in his mind via Meritanian variety making him annoyed as he found himself compelled to walk out into the hallway. He found no one in sight but walked to the entrance to the Medical Bay finding the Souler doing a double take look while appearing to hold clothing in his hands via outside the door. Tom exhaled a breath and without a word walked out towards the Souler who thrust him his familiar Leader uniform to his annoyance. Tom didn't comment a response put on the clothes including the shoes then once fully attired heard a throat clearing noise off his left. He turned to glare only to find Leader Lave standing there with a glare in the Fishla's eyes. 
Tom spoke "Respects. Something I can do for you Leader Lave?"
He got nothing in response from Leader Lave but felt a foot tapping on top of his foot he looked down to find T'La and D'Clan standing below him. 
T'La signed "Did Leader Lave catch you walking out of medical bay without clothes on?"
He sighed and spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave "He's correct. Someone was trying to teach me a lesson had me walk out without clothes on."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as Leader Lave gave up a loud Bah comment followed by the male walking away. 
He found D'Clan speaking "You're to follow with us taking the rear now!"
Tom obeyed to follow Leader Lave sensing the kid Leaders following which he felt disgust take hold refrained from giving off that noise. He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave went to the familiar bar and got his drink via seating onto the bar's stools.
He found the Listener giving him a familiar glare which he spoke "Something nonalcoholic since I'm still on duty."
Tom didn't protest as the bartender gave him his familiar milk drink which he sipped entirely finding Leader Lave gone from his seat. He found the familiar Tygera going into a punching fit to frown watching them while sipping his refilled milk drink finding the bartender handing him another cup. Tom sipped taking his time watching the Tygera warily who solved their problem via getting other Tygeras involved who got them both separated and removed from the scene. Tom sighed softly and resumed sipping his drink till he felt like he had an enough placed the cup down and walked away only to find Leader Lave appear stepping into his way. 
Tom frowned but spoke "Excuse me."
He stood giving Leader Lave his undivided attention to find the Fishla giving him a glare and jabbing a finger towards the bartender he noticed had a computer pad in hand.
"Your hands print please?" He got told by the bartender which he sighed.
Tom spoke "Excuse me."
He went to pay his drinks finding the bartender giving him a glare and got from the Listener "Next time pay attention to where you are."
Tom spoke "I aim to sir."
He got nothing in response from the bartender as he looked around for Leader Lave to find the Fishla appearing next to him giving him a glare. Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited for Leader Lave to speak. He didn't have long as Leader Lave without a word walked away him following to find the Fishla going to the Command Center finding the doors open to allow them through. He found Jinks inside directing commands to the station to the Earthari to groan softly as the male jogged out of the room without a word. He heard a throat clearing noise from Leader Lave obeyed to the hint and took over Jinks' commanding lead directing operations to the station till his legs felt like needing to sit. 
Tom felt relieved when the familiar Eli's voice spoke "Shift over, Commander, leave deck."
He groaned softly and went to sit down only to feel the chair yanked from him with force and found himself knocked onto his seat to sit onto the floor. Tom glared with annoyance running through him as he found Leader Lave standing there with weapon out that gave him a glare.
He glared in response to get from Leader Lave "Floor needs mopping as one of your duties."
Tom groaned softly and without a word got up and went to the closet to find the mop and pail which he took out and with weariness still within him forced himself to mop the floor according to Leader Lave's instructions. He felt like he was going to drop once Leader Lave was finished with him and declared the job done. 
Tom sighed and put away the mop and pail to follow Leader Lave out of the room to the hallway and got told "Go to sleep. You look like you could drop."
Tom obeyed to crash onto his knees and shut his eyes forcing himself to keep in position as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he felt belonged to a Souler while hearing "What's this garbage doing here?"
Tom grunted finding himself back in the Soulers' warship to find Jason again giving off another roaring fit followed by the male shaking himself of it. Tom frowned while eyeing Jason warily as he felt himself better rested to get up standing while still clad in his Leader's uniform. 
He frowned as Jason snarled "Meritanians transport Mindbender as he wishes to be called out!"
Tom frowned as Jason again went into a roaring angrily fit followed by Breaker appearing into sight to put a hood over Jason's head he spotted eye plates as the rains fell. Tom frowned as Breaker faded from view followed by Jason quitting the hissy fit, he figured it was. 
He eyed Jason who spoke sounding annoyed "Anyway he wants to see you."
Tom frowned as Jason walked away he following as if indicated by Soulers seen gesturing him to follow. He obeyed to follow Jason inside the Zesky Asylum finding the double doors bang shut along with filming sensation quit. He frowned as Jason he eyed removed the hood and bowed his head in a direction with a hand fisted over his heart area in the same direction. Tom looked as if drawn to gulp finding a Souler wearing a black sinister like robe with hood covering the head standing nearby that gave him the creeps. He felt himself creep out as the Souler he figured was the one who Jason indicated on meeting him. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line and eyed the Souler who appeared to be studying him via staring senses indicating it. He didn't comment a response as the Souler held up a clawed hand resembling a Banshee's hand from the looks of in and made a gesture. Tom gulped as Soulers appeared from view to grab at his clothes yanking them off his form including his shoes till he was naked standing facing the robed Souler. Tom figured the robed Souler was a part of the leadership of the Soulers as he got a gesture to turn into a circle by the Souler. He obeyed despite keeping hands onto his hips. Tom, once done doing a circle got ordered to do another circle this time with arms forced out by the Soulers making him and the robed Souler gesturing as ordered. He frowned but didn't comment a response turned around into a circle till he was done as indicated by the robed Souler disappearing from view including cold air felt onto his back. He got thrust his familiar clothes and shoes which he put on discovering they were sweats and slip on shoes. Tom frowned as he heard Breaker's familiar Builder chatter to find himself back in Jinks' residence in the spare bedroom and felt a compulsion to lie on the bed and obeyed. Tom obeyed to shut his eyes feeling himself relieved to sleep to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to from depths of sleepiness to feel a cat running up and down his body as if chasing a laser. He groaned and rolled over ignoring the cat felt pouncing onto his front and kept it up to his annoyance. Tom groaned again and opened his eyes with annoyance running through him finding himself back into his High Council's quarters with Elisa in sight holding her familiar laser in her hand. Tom got up and grabbed the cat with a fast move. He heard a yowl from the cat who squirmed in protest as he gave Elisa a glare in response. 
Tom got from Elisa in response "It's been one standard Earthari week since you fell asleep."
He signed after freeing the cat "How long is that in planet Aire terms?"
He glared at Elisa who again restarted the laser making the cat pounce onto his form which he caught with one hand and fingers spelled "You don't know the answer hence you letting the cat play games with me."
Tom heard in response "Just get up and attend to your hygiene by the stink of you."
He obeyed to thrust her the cat finding Elisa in response dropping the gonoid onto the floor and playing laser tag with it. He found himself transported to Barry's familiar room finding the Builder seated on the bed with a book in hand he spotted was by Veronica Thomas. 
Tom got a glare from Barry who spoke "You stink, Tom."
Tom ignored Barry and went into the bathroom in response to clean himself along with putting on his familiar High Council wear clothes again including the shoes. He once done walked out finding Barry speaking Builder's chatter to find himself back into his bedroom. 
He saw Elisa lying on his bed wearing an eye wear mask with the cat seated next to her via pillow that gave up a meow sounding of "Don't disturb."
Tom sighed and went to the mirror to fix his hair ignored by Elisa and cat who remained onto his bed. Once his hair was done he walked out of the room finding the High Council gathered around in the meeting room with the speakers standing around with heads bowed. Tom groaned softly and ignored the High Council to lead the procession out of the room to the throne room.
He thinking to himself "No wonder the High Council see me as valuable. I'm a prize to them because of one Souler seeing me as valuable."
He went to stand in his familiar spot at the bottom of the steps to find Anubis and Falcons appear with whizzing sounds standing nearby the gonoid head warriors having eyes onto the High Council. Tom stood with arms folded a glare waiting for the High Council to speak as usual from his back to the speakers on the top of the steps. Tom found the Falcons grabbing his arms and turning him around to face the High Council as he felt his mind scanned. He ignored the scanning to glare at the High Council with annoyance running through him finding the group was one at a time chattering among each other. 
Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited followed by Shad speaking "Anyhow Meritanians transport Mindbender to be dunked into the ocean now."
He felt his mood plummet as he found himself in the air smelling pool water instead of ocean water to land into a pool with a splash. Tom grunted with annoyance to swim out of the pool in a fast move to stand dripping while hearing a faint growling noise behind him. He peered behind him as a spotlight turned on illuminating him blocking his view of what he wanted to see. Tom recalled the pool had some kind of creatures inside it that appeared to be jellyfish to him that were sensed sticking some object onto him. He peered down onto himself to find his clothes blocked the jellyfishes' stingers he saw but didn't block them from hitting his neck or hands as he felt himself falling unconscious.
Tom's last thought before surrendering to sleepiness "Meritanians."

Tom came to feeling a hand holding onto his hand while feeling a cat purring on top of his chest. He sighed and felt the hand become crunching onto his hand making him jerk open his eyes. Tom looked to see the hand's owner was King Winter whose glare made him blurt everything that happened to him while sensing himself recorded. Tom once done with his admittance eyed King Winter warily who released his hand making him sigh from the crunch. He didn't protest as King Winter removed the cat putting it onto the Cold Lord's shoulder followed by walking away he watched. Tom frowned as King Winter turned around abruptly thrusting his staff in his direction as he felt coldness hitting his body all over followed by passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling hands patting his shoulders while feeling water spilling onto him along with hearing "Tom! Wake up!"
He jerked opened his eyes to feel a body, feminine naked get onto his front from the tub while lying in it and kissing him on the lips. Tom sensed the lips belonged to Victoria's kissed her in response only to roll his eyes when she sank down onto his sensitive part. He sighed as Victoria proceeded to ride him followed by giving off a sigh sound once spilling inside her. Tom didn't comment a response as Victoria got off of him while hearing a loud throat clearing noise. Tom sighed and found a hand on top of his head pushing him under the tub's water which he floundered sputtering protests. 
He felt the hand quit to sit up with a glare finding Jinks standing in the vicinity snarling "Get yourself into the shower now, Tom!"
He obeyed as Victoria was no where in sight to find Jinks kept on the spying onto him as he cleaned himself via the shower. He recalled as if compelled that Jinks or twin of him had a strong dislike towards him paired to Victoria and always tried to pull stunts to break them up relationship wise. Tom kept on recalling once he was done warming himself via the shower that Jinks hated seeing Victoria doing mating behaviors onto him and had always tried to bring him down to earth after such mating was done. Such as Tom wound up recalling pushing him under water in the tub despite witnessing Victoria doing a mating behavior onto him. Tom walked out to get swatted a towel by Jinks which he caught after another whack onto his legs. He dried himself fully ignoring Jinks giving him an all black eyed glare and got swatted the clothes. Tom put on the clothes he caught were sweats along with catching the shoes tossed at his head. 
He slipped his shoes on and glared at Jinks who spoke using creepy voice "Out!"
Tom obeyed despite feeling warning senses blaring as he walked by Jinks. He found Jinks managed to kick his feet out of him to kneel followed by kicking him onto the front his stomach he blocked. Tom recalled combative art blocked the kicking and forced himself to get up in a fast move again blocking the fisting. He found both himself and Jinks transported into the familiar fight area involving the sandy ground and ocean while sensing himself filmed. Tom ignored the filming to fight back onto Jinks violently till the male managed to get him trapped into a familiar arm trap again despite his mood calm. 
He again felt the familiar zapping from Jinks to speak "Quit it with that zapper now, Jinks!"
Tom got from Jinks in response sounding angry "Don't Jinks me, Tomcat."
He spoke in response sensing Jinks angry "Your angry father in law-"
He was interrupted by zapping pains hitting him via Jinks' arm as he continued "You don't approve of Victoria and I's relationship and have always done anything to break us up. Admit that Father in Law."
Tom formed a glare and recalled his training to get out of the trapped status Jinks threw him in to find the male kept a tighter hold onto his neck including adjusting holds to gag him via the neck area with an arm around. 
Tom gagged out while gulping for air "I...love...Victoria."
He gulped for air once freed to keep himself kneeling while gasping for air and breathing deeply as he felt Jinks again kicking at him. Tom forced himself to stand up fighting Jinks who fought erratically to his annoyance. He found Jinks kept on balking on being trapped into his familiar trap to his annoyance. Tom fought Jinks violently till he felt like his strength was gone kneeled gasping for breath. He found them both in Jinks' spare bedroom, him on the bed kneeling. Tom ignored Jinks and forced himself to lie down onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling his throat sore like he was choked too much along with his voice gone from him. He woke up feeling his efforts to breathe blocked to gag out air as he found Jinks seated on an armchair in the room having an all black eyed look in control and hand up towards him. Tom gulped feeling Victoria lying next to him passed out unconscious from the senses cued to her. 
He found Jinks kept up the choking order to gag loudly his familiar comment "I...love...Victoria."
Tom felt air blowing into his mouth as Jinks lowered his hand which he gulped for air followed by feeling sleepiness laid down with arms around Victoria and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring loudly along with a loud Hmph sound and a hand felt patting his cheek. He sighed and opened his eyes to find Victoria giving him a familiar all black eyed glare making him gulp. 
Tom gulped as Victoria spoke "So what's this I hear about you mating with Yana Renova as my clone calls herself?"
He sighed and felt paralysis hitting his legs as Victoria's eyes narrowed with a glare in them. 
Groaning softly he spoke the entire story involving Yana Renova including seeing her as Victoria Montreal which he added "I didn't realize that she was a clone of yours. I just assumed that she was you actually."
"Hmph!" He got from Victoria in response making him gulp further as he felt the paralysis reach his waist.
Tom spoke firmly "Where have you been anyway?"
He glared in response as Victoria without a word willed aside the paralysis onto his legs and straddled him he finding himself naked. His senses involving Jinks blared to his annoyance finding Victoria in response kissing him on the lips followed by sinking down onto his entire length. Tom glimpsed a furious Jinks watching via pacing back and forth into the room as Victoria kept on rocking him. He sighed once he spilled inside Victoria he not giving off his familiar roaring noises he realized involved Yana Renova a clone of Victoria's when mating with her. Tom once done didn't comment a response as Victoria got off of him followed by giving him one of his favorite smiles and watched her enter the bathroom. He found his view blocked by whiteness along with something stuffing onto his breathing he felt was a pillow and Jinks' familiar roaring noises. Tom yanked the pillow from Jinks who kept a hold onto it along with whacking him with it enough to shatter it followed by the stuffing spilling out all over him. Tom glared at Jinks who with another roar released the pillow followed by grabbing for him he got up glaring at the male who got a hold onto his arm. Tom found Jinks hitting him with zappers to find the male got him into the bathroom into the tub and dunked under the water which he sputtered protests. Tom felt the dunking quit to his relief to stand up while in the tub hearing snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. He spotted himself in the mirror to find his form was covered with black liquid and stuffing from the pillow as he heard further snickering from the Meritanians. 
Tom snarled a growl loudly as Jinks was heard "Meritanians transport Tom out to be cleaned now!"
He found himself floating in the air heading towards the ocean making him give off a loud roar as he fell into the water. He found the liquid and stuffing got off of him finding the water was lukewarm to find the familiar volcano still underwater. He grunted an annoyed sound and swam back and forth into the water feeling his mood bad again till he felt the coldness of the water hit found himself landing onto metallic floor. Tom found his arms grabbed by the Falcons from the feel as he glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him. He found the speakers looking at his direction and snickering loudly to his annoyance. Tom kept the glare as the speakers kept up their laughing behavior till they raised their heads.
Shad spoke "So Mindbender, what do you have to say regarding being tarred and feathered in First One terms?"
He heard the snickering voice tone of Shad as he spoke angrily "Just get to the point of this lesson now!"
Tom got punched into the stomach by Anubis who spoke in a loud whisper "Have you forgotten that the High Council quits giving explanations and that only servants must get their point on their own."
He gave up a loud Hmph in response as Shad was heard "Anyhow Meritanians dump Mindbender into the ocean perhaps into King Winter's kingdom now."
Tom gave up a loud roar in response as he found himself shivering on an iceberg which dumped him into the ocean. He forced himself to swim among the floating icebergs despite kicking and whacking them with his feet and fists in anger when they bumped into him. Tom kept it up till he found himself tossed out of the ocean to land into the air into a hand's hold gagging him on the neck. He gagged while finding the hand's owner was King Winter who gave him a glare. Tom found his breathing easier via the hand's looseness but remained onto his neck. He spoke the situation involving what was happened to him being tarred and feathered followed by dumped into the Cold Lord's kingdom by the Meritanians doing it as ordered. Tom found King Winter tossing him aside into the air to land into the water he felt was lukewarm to find the familiar volcano underneath he saw. He swam up to the surface to find King Winter making a swim gesture via free hand from the staff. He obeyed to swim in the water feeling his bad mood going down. Tom found the water cold abruptly to climb out of it to stand next to King Winter while on an iceberg he shivering from it. He didn't comment a response as King Winter gave him a familiar gesture for him to turn into a circle. Tom obeyed despite slipping and sliding onto the ice till he faced King Winter who thrust his staff into his face. Tom found himself passing out unconscious.

Tom grunted coming awake from the familiar alarm blaring. He felt Victoria woke up as he grabbed her pillow and rolled over putting it on top of his head held by an arm. He recalled with disgust running through him that King Winter managed to put his crown on top of his head and he became the Cold Lord himself. Tom recalled what happened next was the High Council threw a hissy fit according to Barry and got him to give up the crown to a luckless First One, a homeless bum lying drunk asleep via some drunken status. He groaned as he felt his arm yanked from the pillow and thing removed from his head along with a hand patting his face. Tom jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to glare at Victoria who gave him one of his favorite smiles he softened seeing. 
Tom frowned as Victoria spoke "Come with me to the shower now."
He obeyed to get up finding Jinks seated on the armchair shaking sleepiness from him. He ignored Jinks to follow Victoria into the shower stall to get babied by her he figured was her way of examining him. 
Tom ignored Victoria felt examining him all over not sparing his sensitive parts till she ordered "Open your mouth now, Tom."
Tom obeyed to find Victoria scrutinizes his teeth and felt picking onto them along with felt picking onto his eyes. He grunted annoyed sound from her picking to recall himself with two teeth felt fanged along with his eyes turning entirely black colored whenever he willed forwards Sinister in control that roared in the back of his mind with it not in control. Tom ignored Victoria's pickiness onto his eyes to sigh willing forwards Sinister in control finding her eyes narrow as if examining them. He didn't comment a response frowned while staring at Victoria back till she patted his cheek. Tom willed aside Sinister at her signal and didn't protest as she straddled him followed by sighing loudly from entering inside her. Tom sighed once he spilled himself inside Victoria and got her familiar order to do her back. 
He obeyed to follow her out of the shower stall only to get her speaking "I didn't wash you."
Tom groaned and entered the shower stall to clean himself despite hearing her speaking in her creepy voice tone sounding firm. He ignored the shower curtain placed over the door sensing his familiar spying quit to his relief. Tom groaned softly and leaned against the shower stall wall to let the water spill over him. He groaned softly as he felt his teeth and found two were fanged to his annoyance. Tom once done washing himself forced himself to walk out of the shower stall moving the curtain and door. He found Jinks no where in sight to his relief to grab a towel drying himself along with putting on the sweats and slip on shoes. He walked out once done with braiding his hair finding it was longer length this time and appeared to be almost to his mid back. Tom found Victoria seated onto the bed rapid fired paced onto the laptop with her eyes all black looking. He sighed and went to the armchair finding Jinks not there to his relief. Tom sat down only to feel his seat hit the floor instead as his senses involving Jinks went off. 
He gave Jinks a glare that had removed the chair and got thrust a book along with ordered "Hit the library now and leave daughter mine in peace."
Tom obeyed to go to the library while carrying Victoria's Veronica Thomas book he saw this time was a new to out in publication to print book. He went to sit down and read the book this time discovering its theme was a vampire to his disgust in a romance genre he finding himself compelled to read via its contents. Tom found himself engrossed into the book till lights above blinked which he looked up with a glare. He found a Listener sleeping on the ceiling ignoring him he hearing a loud Tsk sound. 
Tom looked at the doors to glare finding the Butler Willingham there that spoke "Its time for your nourishment for you to take now, Mister Mindbender."
Tom gave up a loud Hmph in response and resumed reading the book he further disgusted only to find the lights off along with night vision blaring in his eyes. He found himself unable to read the book thumped it down onto the table and went to the light switches putting them on. He made a walk to the chairs only to find the lights flickering followed by going off without manipulation via the switches. 
Tom gave up a loud Hmph sound thinking to himself "Listener manipulating the bulbs."
He ignored the lights going out above and left the library finding the lights resumed their on status once he was in the hallway. He went to the dining room to sit in his familiar chair only to feel cat paws onto his front and an irritated meow. Tom sighed and got up from the chair as the cat got onto his shoulder he ignored. He went to the other chair to find the cat jumping down to land onto the table as he sat. 
Tom heard "Off!" spoken by Jinks loudly who he saw clapped his hands. 
Tom sighed as the cat with another meow got off the table followed by Jinks going to sit down and the gonoid seen getting onto the male's shoulder. He gagged loudly when his nose smelled a familiar stink finding Jinks flaring black eyes aimed at him. Tom found Roberta came into view carrying a cup and set in front of him as he made a gagging motion via hand onto his own neck. 
"Tom." He heard the warning via Jinks' creepy voice tone who added "Drink up."
He obeyed despite trying to sip the drink found himself gulping it down entirely and giving off a rude noise once done which he spoke "Excuse me." despite the drink was blood to his disgust.
Tom found Roberta taking the cup and giving off a Good riddance comment and left him with Jinks alone in the dining room. He again made gagging noises via hand onto his throat and caught Jinks' glare which he sighed and removed his hand. 
Tom spoke "I got lots to say to the person who insisted I drink blood as my nourishment."
He clamped his mouth shut as Jinks without a word got up finding the cat getting onto the table giving off a meow sound. He found Jinks ignored the cat walking out of the room as the gonoid went to sit onto his front meowing in some irritated tone. Tom groaned and forced himself to get up ignoring the yowl from the cat as he left the dining room to go to the library. He found Jinks already inside reading a book appearing to be one by Victoria using the Veronica Thomas persona. Tom groaned softly and went to his book to sit down in an armchair and forced himself to read the book fully he finding himself engrossed into it. Tom ignored everything around him till he was done with the book and found himself putting it aside onto the table as he found Jinks sitting in the armchair next to him giving him a glare with creepy eyes in control.
"So tell me about the book." He got from Jinks in response.
Tom spoke firmly "It's themed vampires and told in a romantic point of view from a female's first person in love with a male vampire and convincing him to work for the police department as a night cop as a purpose to live."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and ignored his fanged teeth felt digging into his bottom lips as Jinks spoke in response "That's not what I was asking you about Mister Mindbender."
He sighed and spoke "You asked me about a book without specifically indicating what it was."
Tom glared in response only to feel paralysis hitting his legs as Jinks got up without a word and stomp towards him to halt while snarling "Your book titled 'My son.' I saw you reading it. Tell me what's it's about. Don't mind Barry trying to erase that from my mind. I recall further that the High Council seems to favor you to remember too much."
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak only to find himself falling backwards with a grunt sound finding himself hitting metallic floor followed by hearing a faint roaring noise. He frowned as he stood up via acrobatic move to find the Falcons grabbing his arms and Anubis felt injecting a drug into his neck as he found himself sick in his stomach abruptly. 
Tom spoke firmly while giving the High Council a glare "I hate you." as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a loud roaring noise sounding louder and louder to his ears. He found himself lying in bed to roll over while thrusting the pillow on top of his head held by an arm. 
Tom heard the roaring quit followed by muffled "Why is this garbage doing here?"
He ignored the voice he figured was Jason as he kept on sleeping till the pillow was yanked with such force along with a hand felt like Breaker's patting him on the face right on the scarred area. Tom jerked open his eyes to glare removing Breaker's hand off his scarred cheek finding the male thrust him the pillow onto his stomach. He kept the glare with annoyance running through him as Jason again gave up another roaring hissy fit to his annoyance. Tom sat up rolling his eyes and folded his arms forming a glare and waited for Jason to quit his hissy fit. 
He found Jason quit to shake his head followed by the male giving him a glare and snarling "Breaker what's he doing here? Transport him out now!"
Tom found Breaker speaking in his familiar creepy voice "Not till the One sees him period."
He groaned echoed Jason's groan to find the male getting into another hissy fit as he heard the door to the room open with a bang sound. Tom saw Breaker tapping Jason on the shoulder finding the male bowing in some gesture of respects while still roaring away. He found the familiar robed Souler gliding into the room creeping him out that made a gesture for him to stand up via clawed hand. Groaning he got up from the bed and stood eyeing the robed Souler who made his familiar turn into a circle gesture which he obeyed with arms out. 
Tom once done stood with arms folded only to get thrust clothes by Breaker which he got ordered by the male "Put them on now."
He obeyed finding the clothes were twin to Jason's to his confusion. Tom glared at Breaker who voice ordered him to put the clothes on. He obeyed despite glaring at Breaker. He kept the glare as Breaker bowed towards the robed Souler he shifted to glare with arms folded and refused to bow. Tom kept on glaring as the robed Souler faded from view followed by the door banging shut as he again heard a familiar roar. 
He ignored Jason roaring away to snarl "Breaker-"
Tom was interrupted "Don't ask me why you're wearing them. What the One orders I and whoever around here obeys."
He gave up a sound of disgust hearing Breaker's explanation as Jason quit his hissy fit he heard followed by coughing sounds. 
He ignored the coughing of Jason's noises to focus onto Breaker who spoke "Put the hood on now."
Tom obeyed to find himself in the hanger room with Breaker next to him and Jason no where in sight. He felt Breaker's hand onto his arm followed by forcing him to move which he obeyed walking out of the room to find a High Council's warship on the deck and a masked Highlander on the gangplank tapping his foot impatiently. Tom felt Breaker's hand off his arm along with pushed to go which he obeyed to walk by the Highlander giving off a loud Hmph sound. Tom ignored the Hmph to go into the warship to the hallway and got thrust into a chair by Anubis and Falcons appearing with whining squeals and locked onto it via chains. Tom glared with annoyance running through him as the hood was yanked off followed by a sound of disgust heard sounding of Anubis's voice tone. 
He spoke "Don't tell me this jokey status involved getting Jason out of the Zesky Asylum?"
He glared at Anubis only to get his Berserker side in control as he heard gasps followed by hearing "Drat tell the High Council that Mindbender is the result and not Jason as thought."
Tom wiggled himself via the chains only to feel them still attached as he willed aside the Berserker and spoke "Get me out of this chair now."
Tom got in response Anubis and Falcons disappearing out of sight followed by a loud sound of a disgust spoken via Highlander who walked away leaving him chained. He felt annoyance take hold to being chained recalled his training of getting out of such chained chairs tried only to feel zapping electrical currents running through him. He grunted an annoyed sound and willed forwards the Berserker to use it to counterattack the zaps only to realize that it came from his clothes to his disgust. Tom heard snickering like laughter sounding his mind as he glared at the walls while willing back and forth his Berserker side. He felt annoyance take hold as the warship was felt flying all over the place even upside down making his hair dangled into his face. Tom felt his familiar motion sickness involving planes and helicopters not within him despite always throwing up in such vehicles. He found disgust take hold to give off the noise as he again found himself falling backwards hitting the metallic floor with a loud grunt sound. Tom found his arms grabbed along with forced to stand with annoyance running through him. 
He found himself into the High Council's throne room as he snarled "I hate you!"
Tom heard via his mind "It's Tank. Mindbender means it with what he says. He'll keep up that attitude till you-"
He frowned as Tank cut himself off followed by resuming talk "One Mindbender transported to King Winter's kingdom as ordered."
He found himself into King Winter's kingdom landing onto an ice berg only to feel a hand gagging him on the throat. 
Tom gagged for air as he heard "Get out of those clothes now, Tom!"
Tom obeyed to stand shivering and naked in the cold only to get tossed into the air to land with a grunt sound onto metallic floor while hearing gun cocking sounds. He grunted an annoyed sound as he found himself back in the Zesky Asylum's hanger room with Soulers pointed dart guns aimed at him. 
Tom growled out "Tell the One, I hate you."
He found Soulers quit their circle to form a line along with bow of respects in a direction as he looked finding the familiar robed Souler. 
Tom snarled angrily "I hate you!"
He glared at the robed Souler as he added "I hate the High Council! I hate you, Soulers! I hate this war between you both! I'm sick of being used as a game piece in this war between you both! Keep me out of this war now! I hate you both and I don't give a damn if I have already spoken words of undivided loyalties to whomever in this stinking war! Just stop it with the game playing war games onto me now!"
He got up with an acrobatic move to snarl as he heard dart guns cocked "All I asked was to be left alone!"
He glared with annoyance within him to find the Souler giving him a head bob which he found himself floating in the air to land into a pool of water with a loud splash. Tom growled angrily and swam out of the pool to find it was one of his own properties he owned in his name in the forests of Connecticut State. He felt snow falling from above went to his familiar one room cabin left in the forests that resembled a tree from the looks of it. Tom yanked open the door to find nothing inside it indicated for him to survive on. He found the cabin was cleaned out of items and remained a blank shell as he found the snow blowing harder. Tom went inside the cabin to the fireplace shivering from the cold finding nothing to indicate a fire to him. 
He shivered and groaned loudly "Why can't I have a life with Victoria Montreal than serving the High Council or the Soulers?"
Tom found himself falling backwards to hit tiled floor with a loud grunt as he felt warmth abruptly. He heard a faint roar to find himself in a fancy bathroom from the looks of it followed by the door opening and Jinks standing there jabbing a finger and snarling out comments to him. Tom ignored Jinks and walked out finding himself in Jinks' bedroom which he walked out ignoring the butler in the hallway giving out his familiar Tsk sound and following him. 
Tom spoke once the Tsk got too much for him "Just help me get clothes to wear and a shower to warm up."
He glared at the butler who Tsk and spoke "Master Jinks gave an order to have you kicked out of his residence immediately regardless of what Victoria Montreal says. What the master orders must be obeyed."
Tom spoke as Willingham spoke builder chatter "Wait a minute."
He found himself transported out to land onto metallic floor with a grunt along with the Falcons felt grabbing his arms and lifting him up. He glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him as he noticed Barry standing nearby giving him a familiar glare. 
"I hate you!" Tom snarled angrily only to hear Barry speaking Builder's chatter followed by snickering like laughter sounding in his mind.
Tom frowned cutting himself off from his comment as the laughter within his mind quit followed by hearing "To anyone who cares the Soulers or whatever name their calling themselves managed to gain entrance into Mindbender's sleeping room via the transportation of one Zeskaya creation and manipulated him to speak his rude comment to the High Council."
He gulped hearing Ramses' voice sounding within his mind to speak while eyeing a High Council member as if drawn "I will serve you without undivided loyalties."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line to feel his arms freed followed by Shad speaking "Anyhow transport Mindbender to be clothed now for his rudeness."
Tom found himself transported to the barroom's hallway finding a Listener getting up via acrobatic move and darting towards him and giving him an ugh comment as if sniffing him. 
Tom glared at the Listener and snarled "I know I smell so get me a place to wash it off."
He got the Listener giving him a glare who spoke "You sound like you got a problem, Mindy."
Tom ignored the Listener's insult name of Mindy short for Mindbender as he spoke "Yes I got problems. Lots of them include you if you don't bother to lead me to a place for washing this stink off."
He glared at the Listener who shrugged followed by groaning from the Listener's fist connecting with his sensitive part along with grunting from scratches done onto his face via the claws. He growled angry and willed forwards the Berserker finding the Listener darting away climbing the walls and going into the air ducts above before he could give off any mental orders. Tom roared and roared angrily as he found his efforts to keep the Berserker in control gone from him. He willed it aside and with a snarl felt a compulsion to go to a door which he obeyed to find Barry inside that gave up a glare. Tom ignored Barry only to hear the Builder speaking Builder's chatter and found himself choked by the male via hand onto his neck. Tom snarled angrily of the visit involving the robed Souler he allowed to touch his scarred cheek he assumed was his Father via the Banshee hand felt. 
Tom found Barry without a word let go of him and ordered "Hit the bathroom for a cleaning. You'll find the necessary equipment for those scratches in there."
Tom didn't comment a response instead went into the bathroom feeling his mood foul once he saw the scratches on his face via mirror. He found the bathroom set for him to clean himself medically and physically. 

Tom came out of the bathroom with disgust taking hold within him despite he finding himself able to heal his scratches but wasn't able to heal the scarred mark on his cheek to his annoyance. He found clothes considered of the High Council's servant wear in there which he put on omitting the mask. Tom found Barry seated onto the bed giving him a glare with eyes narrowed despite their all black eyed status. 
He groaned softly and went to kneel in front of Barry to speak "I felt a Fatherly/son connection to the Souler that visited me enough to let him touch me on the scarred cheek. How was I supposed to know it was a joke to trash the High Council?"
Tom frowned while eyeing Barry with pleading to find the male giving him a further narrowed eyed glare but remained silent.
He spoke "Alright the High Council calling me as their son and offspring got me wanting my own father to see me in my presence."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line to get from Barry jabbing his cane in his direction along with an ahem sound.
He groaned softly recalling the sound and cane jabbing was speak for "Admit something bothering you."
Tom spoke firmly "My scar on my face I find sacred was violated by the Souler touching me with some Father/son connection. Hence I bothered by the touch of that and trying to heal myself of the scar while in the private room. I was bothered by this feeling too much. Enough to shower too much with lots of water to wash my face. Including using the devices to try to heal myself. Didn't work. The scar is still permanently on my face whether I like it or not. I only prefer Victoria to touch me there or anyone who's considered family to touch me there. No one else period."
Tom groaned softly feeling himself recorded as he cut his talk while eyeing Barry with pleading. 
He frowned as Barry spoke in response "Will you accept someone else other than family or Victoria to touch you there?"
Tom spoke firmly "Barry, you and the High Council are my family at the moment."
He kept the pleading on his face as he heard Barry's familiar noises followed by cane jabbing gesture to add "Since Victoria left to do her writing career I have been feeling sort of lost like I don't have anyone to connect myself to family wise. I managed to figure out that the High Council is my family by what their trying to tell me including words of seeing me as an offspring."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as Barry spoke Builder's chatter to find himself kneeling in his metallic bedroom to groan softly before getting up to go to the bed. He halted when he found Elisa lying on the bed wearing an eye wear mask and his residence cat seated on her front tail facing her face that gave up a meow sounding like don't disturb. Groaning he walked out of the room to find the meeting room empty of High Council members to go down to the throne room finding the High Council seated in their seats chatter talk triggering his Berserker side in control. 
"What should we do about Mindbender and his open door?
Nothing just let them visit but order the Meritanians to blab when those stinkers visit again.
Hey Mindbender come over here and kneel before you get the speakers upset with you!" He heard from one High Council member.
Tom heard silence from the High Council to find one at the edge waving hands and gesturing him to come which he obeyed hearing growls from the speakers. Tom ignored the speakers growling loudly behind him to find the Berserker still in control. 
He got ordered "Just kneel and let me examine your face. Will that aside now."
Tom obeyed to kneel groaning softly from the gloved hands felt touching his face all over including not sparing his scarred cheek. He kept on forcing himself to be composed despite groaning softly from the feel of the hands felt touching him all over including examining his teeth. He felt his teeth via his tongue when it was open weren't fanged to his relief. 
Tom frowned as the High Council member got his Berserker side in control he hearing "Just go back to bed. Wake up Elisa there and get her to clean the mess in the meeting room. It stinks like Dumperium."
Tom sighed hearing the High Council's term Dumperium involving cat's litter box as he without a word got up and went to the meeting room finding Elisa not in sight as he willed aside the Berserker. He went into his bedroom finding Elisa gone from there but the cat was curled up in a ball next to his pillow. Tom groaned softly and forced himself to lie down shutting his eyes only to jerk them open along with raising a hand catching a hand he felt was Banshee to the feel near his face. Tom found his mind scanned as he let go of the hand to feel his mind continued to be scanned which he glared at the robed Souler standing leaning over him. Tom willed forwards the Berserker only to see the robed Souler holding up a hand he finding his mental orders refused to work onto the figure. Tom found the Berserker willed aside as he glared at the robed Souler with anger running through him.
He snarled "Don't come back or touch me again. I felt violated with you touching me where it's sacred and playing that joke onto the High Council. Don't ever try that stunt with me again and don't come back."
Tom glared at the robed Souler with annoyance running through him only to find the figure reaching out a hand towards his scarred cheek he felt paralysis hitting him making him growl angrily via his throat. Tom growled as the robed Souler touched his cheek he feeling his mind scanned appearing to be deep scanned to his annoyance. He kept the glare despite paralysis hitting him followed by having his eyes forced shut as he found himself back into his chained status involving a box in his mind seeing nothing. Tom glared with annoyance running through him while still chained in the chair in the box in his mind. He kept the glare as he saw via his mind the eyes opening followed by seeing Elisa holding onto a familiar laser and himself grabbing the cat by one arm and finger spelling via hand he unable to see.
Tom yelled "Meritanians get me out of here now!"
He heard nothing in response to his repeated yelling but silence to groan softly while still sitting chained into the chair forcing himself to sit and watch and listen to himself. 
Tom heard "I hate you!" spoken in his voice via his own body as he sat groaning softly.
He groaned as he saw electricity hitting the wall in front of him involving multiple High Council members robed hitting the wall with their fists. Tom frowned eyeing them to find that they all couldn't break the wall to his disgust. He kept on watching via his eyesight while groaning softly as Barry was heard speaking Builder's chatter to find the wall remained in place. 
Tom frowned while chained as he heard loudly from within "Ramses do what they want and transport one Mindbender to the Soulers now."
Tom exhaled a breath to find his body transported to the Soulers into their hanger room on the Zesky Asylum warship. 
He groaned softly as he heard himself speaking "I serve you, the One with undivided loyalties."
Tom grunted hearing that but didn't comment a response as he remained seated in the chair, chained forcing himself to watch the scenery with a range of emotions within him. 

Tom found himself unable to sleep despite still chained within his mind in the glass box he figured involved a ghostly apparition inhibiting his body. He kept on watching as if drawn finding his apparition using his identity managed to get assimilated among the Soulers while contained in the Zesky Asylum. He sighed finding the Soulers were obsessed cloning people who had caught their interests including people who would serve the High Council as an assassin of them via their mental abilities obviously seen. Tom kept on watching feeling himself bored to tears while contained in the box finding the Soulers kept on trying to clone his own body as in putting a piece of it into a tubal machine and seeing the results turn out to indicate something else. 
He spoke after another useless attempt to clone him resulting into a Banshee forming in place in the tube "Just quit while you're ahead with this jokey status of cloning me while you're at it."
Tom heard nothing in response to his comment as he found himself ignored by the apparition inhibiting his body to his disgust. He groaned while forcing himself to watch the scene noticing his apparition was mating with Yana Renova from the looks of it. 
Tom felt disgusted gave up that noise within his box along with speaking "Must you pollute my body with this jokey apparition inhibiting me?"
Tom groaned once he found the apparition finished a round of mating with Yana followed by falling asleep with view screen showing nothing but blackness. 
He groaned softly and spoke loudly "Just get to the point of this inhibiting me, you stinking apparition."
Tom found Yana appearing into view in front of his body with a double take look of shock on her face. 
He spoke towards her putting a hand onto the glass wall "It's just an apparition inhibiting my body hence I stuck here in this prison in my mind at the moment."
Tom frowned as Yana faded from view followed by the view screen resumed he hearing an angry growling noise sounding of his voice to him. He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response as the Berserker was seen in control via the apparition followed by Yana flaring all black eyes and jabbing a finger to the bedroom's entrance door. 
"Get out!" He heard via Yana's voice blaring loudly.
Tom spoke within his mind "I could if I could. I'm chained in my chains to the chair and I can't get out of this box."
Tom sighed and found Yana managed to kick his apparition inhibiting body out of her quarters he finding himself putting on clothes while in the hallway and disappearing into the Soulers' residence facing a familiar robed Souler. 
He heard loudly "It's done. She's rejected me like you said she would."
Tom gave up a sound of disgust in response to his voice speaking that comment only to hear "Now go to Victoria and see if she'll reject you too-"
He gave up a loud roar of anger to snarl growling while standing up restrained by the chains as he heard "Yes I'll do that. It shouldn't be a problem."
Tom felt rage taking hold willed forwards Sinister within his mind as he fought against the chains finding they refused to break for him to bang against the glass walls. He glared at the scene he saw of himself transported to Victoria's residence in Jinks' spare bedroom. He kept on watching while angrily growling seeing himself going to Victoria asleep on the bed to wake her up via the alarm clock blaring loudly. 
Tom snarled angrily finding himself managed to rape Victoria despite she protesting to it followed by hearing himself speaking "Your mine to do what I please Victoria."
He kept on growling angrily as he found his efforts to will forward his Berserker side kept held back along with his Sinister still in control. 
Tom roared angrily as Victoria slapped him on the cheek and yelled "I don't like you and your attitude so get out and leave me alone for awhile! I'm furious with you!"
Tom heard a roaring noise sounding of Jinks to find the male coming into view to appear to be yelling "Get out! I have forbidden you to return to here! Don't return unless Victoria asks you to do it!"
He felt himself powerless to watch as himself was transported to the Soulers followed by hearing "She rejected me like what you told me to do. Her father has forbidden me to return unless Victoria asks for me which I highly doubt that would happen."
Tom gave up growling noises in response as he found himself going backwards as if time was reversing him finding everything he saw repeated backwards. Tom frowned as he found himself freed from the box to land onto his bed in his metallic room while jerking open his eyes feeling a Banshee's hand onto his scarred cheek. Tom found the familiar robed Souler leaning over him he finding his Berserker side in control to his annoyance.
He heard "I control more than you think I control, Tom. Don't even think of rejecting me or I'll see that you'll pay for it with those you care for rejecting you."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing the voice of the robed Souler sounding familiar in his mind he gulped but refrained from thinking any comments as the Berserker got willed aside as if he was compelled to do it. He kept his eyes onto the robed Souler who removed his Banshee like hand followed by gliding away robotically turning backwards and twisting around. He kept on watching as the robed Souler went through his doorway with a flash of light indicating a Zeskaya like transportation. 
Tom groaned while rubbing a hand onto his forehead he hearing loudly "For anyone who cares that odd Souler with a Meritanian mind visited Mindbender again and manipulated him to suffer some kind of dream while he was trying to sleep. He's up and awake at the moment from mind scans of him. Want me to compel him to see you in the throne room as he calls it instead of meeting room?"
Tom groaned softly hearing Ramses' blaring voice overhead to frown as he found himself falling backwards to land onto metallic floor with a grunt sound. Tom felt the Falcons grab his arms followed by forced to stand up and face the High Council he sensed were scanning him deeply. 
Tom ignored the scans he finding lightening flashing in his eyesight to frown till he heard blared "That Souler does have a Meritanian mind. He managed to manipulate Mindbender's mind to be only accessible via Meritanians variety. I can't say what will happen to him when you try to touch scan his mind."
He exhaled a breath hearing Tank's blaring voice to find the Falcons released their holds onto his arms followed by transported to the High Council's meeting room which he groaned as he was compelled to walk down the stairs and enter the throne room. Tom didn't comment a response as he went to a High Council member to kneel in front followed by the Highlander removing a glove showing an alien like hand that made him stiffen seeing. The hand he saw reminded him of a Banshee but appeared gnarled and bent as the hand touched his scarred cheek via fingers. Tom grunted once he found himself falling backwards to find himself back into his chained box trap to find a High Council member behind the glass wall staring at him. 
He spoke "This better be caused by your scanning me."
Tom felt himself back in control of his body once he found the gnarled bent hand stopped touching him. He gulped while eyeing it to find the High Council member resume putting on a pair of gloves that appeared to make the hand straight and stiffer. 
Tom frowned to feel his Berserker side in control to hear "Kindly talk on what the Meritanian like Souler said to you via visit."
Tom frowned but willed aside his Berserker to speak only to feel himself gagged on the throat while choking loudly along with finding his efforts to speak the contents blocked. Tom gulped feeling Shad and Onya poking his back via their weapons. He ignored their poking to find the High Council getting up and followed them into the meeting room. He sighed breathing for air deeply once he found himself back into his bedroom finding the familiar robed Souler was there holding up a hand fisting it. Tom gulped as the robed Souler made a hand's gesture he gulped finding himself pinned to the wall of his quarters he unable to free himself via shield commands. 
Tom spoke mouthing "Just who are you and who do you think you are supposed to be manipulating me and my life?"
He glared at the robed Souler finding the being willing aside the pinning to find his Berserker side not in control to hear within his mind "Uzan is my name as said by Moorra who saw me as a god for worshipping me when I made first contact with them. Think of the rest of the story yourself or ask Victoria aka Thura herself about it. She remembers the rest of the story and has created a book on it."
Tom frowned glaring at the robed Souler who moved towards him gliding via robes. 
He stepped aside while glaring with anger running through him as the being added "It'll be I who you'll acknowledge me as your Father when the time is right."
Tom didn't comment a response as the robed Souler added "Go to sleep. You need it."
He found himself compelled to go to his bed to lie on it shutting his eyes followed by feeling a cat getting onto his front purring vibrations felt. Tom jerked open his eyes while eyeing the cat a black ball of fur tummy sitting onto his front that gave him a meow in a questioning tone. He sighed and rubbed Sam's back that meowed in a tone that indicated she didn't want to be petted. He groaned softly and removed his hand from Sam's back to stare at the ceiling of the room finding a Listener overhead appearing to be asleep while sensing nothing indicating of being filmed. Tom grunted an annoyed sound as he felt the cat curl up on top of his front and purred away into a sleeping position. Tom sighed feeling himself lulled into sleeping by the purring vibrations shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom rolled over feeling the cat pouncing over his front he ignored Sam's playful meowing sounds. He thrust the pillow over his head held by an arm and remained asleep as Sam continued her pouncing onto his front. 
Tom felt his mood bad again as the pillow was yanked with such force he found was by Elisa who spoke "See here sir, you should be up and awake. Besides I need my sleep. Your bed is the only place they'll let me sleep on comfortably so get up now. I refused to take place of your female you seemed to be mooning for."
Tom grunted in response and forced himself to get up finding Elisa giving off yawning and speaking "Amusing the cat for hours to keep her from scratching the doors and scaring the High Council is tiring."
Tom sighed and without a word ignored Elisa getting onto his bed and found her passed out asleep via eye wear mask on. He groaned and without a word left the bedroom finding various High Council members in the meeting room chatter talk making his Berserker side in control to his annoyance. Tom tuned out the chatter talk as if recalling it was not his place to eavesdrop till he felt a hand shake his arm giving the familiar signal which he obeyed. Tom willed aside the Berserker and walked out to the throne room finding Jinks there standing wearing his familiar karate uniform and gloves on with disgust sensed from the male as he reached him. He sighed and didn't comment a response to Jinks' facial expression to remain standing at the foot of the stairs waiting for the speakers to speak. Tom frowned as Jinks' arms were grabbed by the Falcons followed by the male staring at the floor via head bowed seemingly lengthy. 
He frowned as he heard "So you're Jinks Montreal."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Jinks' name spoken by the speakers in unison as he eyed Jinks who formed an all black eyed look in response creeping him out making his senses blaring warning. Tom willed forwards the Berserker while holding up a hand towards Jinks who shifted form into the robed Souler him hearing gasps sounding behind him via the speakers.
Including hearing "What the depths is this trickery?"
Tom frowned while eyeing the robed Souler warily despite hearing the words spoken via speakers. 
He kept on eyeing the robed Souler to find the being with a shrieking sound heard faded from view as he heard a familiar voice speaking "Forgiveness. Do you want it? Confess your crime to me."
Tom groaned finding in place of the robed Souler was Terror the All Seeing One who added "Damn I'm good aren't I in scaring Soulers."
He frowned while eyeing Terror finding the All Seeing One speaking his familiar line towards him only to find himself willing aside the Berserker and speaking the contents of the robed Souler's visit to his quarters. Tom frowned finding his senses blaring as he kept on speaking everything followed by cutting himself off. He gave Terror a glare of annoyance finding the All Seeing One speaking his familiar line towards the speakers.
Tom wound up hearing "Uzan is a planetary world where Mindbender is from orbiting nearby planet Aire. We sent a plague to Uzan aka satellites carrying it and crashing onto Uzan that sickened every living manoid being there."
Tom hissed a breath hearing that as he continued to hear "We admit we're responsible for the wiping out all of the Uzan natives and causing the Fishla as they refer themselves to think themselves responsible for species extinction there."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing the admittance via the speakers as he eyed Terror with a glare finding the male shifting form into the familiar robed Souler making his senses blare warning despite gasps spoken via speakers. Tom willed forwards the Berserker as if compelled to find the robed Souler gliding backwards robotically and twisting around he finding himself compelled to follow. Tom gave the robed Souler he figured was a machine a chase finding the thing reached the travel gate and went through with a light show disappearing from his eyesight. Tom went to the travel gate only to feel Falcons grabbing his arms yanking him away despite he compelled to follow. Tom grunted from the Falcons' hands' grips to recall his Karate training only to feel an arm wrap itself around his neck along with his braided hair grabbed and zapping electricity hitting him. 
He grunted from the pain while eyeing the travel gate only to hear "What about Victoria? I thought you loved her."
Tom grunted sensing something from within him making him want to cry tears. He cried and cried after willing aside the Berserker to find his knees refused to hold him as he groaned from the pain of electricity. Tom groaned and kept on thinking of Victoria memories of her fully in his mind over and over as he restrained himself from going through the travel gate. 
He ignored the Falcons and Jinks' restraining him including Anubis getting in front of him speaking in a loud whisper "You are valued, Tom. Don't do this."
He exhaled a breath and shut his eyes forcing himself to kneel as he felt the hands' holds become rubbing except Jinks' arm remained around his neck his hair still held. Tom groaned softly and willed himself to calm willing himself to think of Victoria over and over till he felt himself much calmer to find himself able to get out of Jinks' familiar trap. Tom groaned once freed to find his compulsion to go through the travel gate gone from him but Anubis and Falcons blocking his way with their staffs jabbing in a direction. Tom sighed and walked away finding Jinks disappearing in a light show. 
He went to the throne room and found the High Council's speakers speaking "Talk Mindbender on what's going on with you chasing that Meritanian excuse of a Human?"
He heard Hey comments spoken by the Meritanians loudly to hear "I resent that joke!"
Tom eyed the High Council to find light shows showing two chairs vacated as he heard from Ramses again "You'll find High Council members dumped into the food supply and no I'm not transporting them back."
He heard snickering like laughter sounding in Erra and Terra's voices as he heard blaring in his mind "Typical that big brother took offense to your words High Council. That Human in question no joke is partially a Meritanian aka cloned with a Human body and a body of a powerful mind walker aka Freeloader but unsure of which one male or female that they used to create that offspring of ours. That Human is actually an offspring of Merra and I that we created via a mating method I'm not going to say what it is that always creates Trigans. We originated the Trigans actually."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Tank's voice sounding in his mind who added "The Soulers as they call themselves came upon an idea of using a Trigan and two other forms of manoids to create that offspring of ours from our own Trigan offspring. Hence that robed Souler appearing to be Human and having a mind of a Meritanian. Unfortunately that offspring is more controlled via machinery implants by the Soulers trying to help with pain hitting him. Sorry can't say who I saw in that offspring's mind indentifying that Human in question. Only say the offspring is in terrible pain and doing whatever it takes to avoid the pain hence the implants."
Tom recalled Barry as if compelled spoke loudly "Your talking about Barry isn't you, Tank?"
He heard from Tank in response "Ugh Huh."
Tom frowned hearing Tank's words to focus onto the High Council while speaking loudly "Breaker can hear the Meritanians talking anywhere from the planet and seemed to be eavesdropping onto this talk at the moment hence he insisting that Tank be quiet."
He frowned as he got an image of a smiley face within his mind he hearing "Ugh Huh." from Tank.
Tom eyed the High Council to hear from the speakers "Your useful Mindbender."
He didn't comment a response to their comments as he spoke loudly "Tank indicated that I got his message by the familiar smiley image flashing in my mind."
Tom frowned as the High Council's speakers spoke in unison "Tank, Merra transport one Barry to us now."
He found Barry appearing lying on the floor in some sleeping position as he heard "Wake him up now Mindbender!"
Tom obeyed via Berserker side in control to scan Barry's mind mentally speaking "You're in the presence of the High Council who wants you up and awake."
Tom stiffened as he saw various images flashing into Barry's mind that indicated his familiar All Seeing One mental ability as the male woke up giving him a glare. He withdrew from scanning Barry's mind who got up awkwardly via help of a cane to give him a glare. 
Tom ignored Barry's glare to will aside the Berserker and spoke "All Seeing One is back as Barry."
He heard nothing in response from the speakers to see Barry giving him a familiar glare despite eyes all black. Tom sighed and spoke the contents of Tank's message to get Barry shaking his head and giving off Tank's familiar Ugh huh comment. 
Tom cut himself off from talking to frown as Barry spoke "What Tank was trying to tell you that the offspring in question is the One the leader of the Soulers themselves."
Tom stiffened hearing Barry's words while hearing gasps spoken from the speakers behind him as Barry continued speaking "The One is from my time with the Soulers before they officially kicked me out of their warship is a powerful mind walker appearing to have a connection with Mindbender himself. I suspect that the One as he's referred is an evolved form of Mindbender's Freeloader/Banshee Father himself."
Tom hissed loudly hearing that from Barry finding the male giving him a glare silencing him. 
He clamped his mouth shut and formed a glare as Barry kept speaking "The Soulers from the looks of them appeared to be evolved survivors of the plague that hit Uzan and they transported themselves to the warship for the cure. The Zesky Asylum was where the plague originated and where the cure was found hence the Uzan natives appearing to be aware of this situation taking control of the warship. I do warn you that my All Seeing One ability is back because of Terror leaving the planet and traveling elsewhere via Tennan queen. My All Seeing One ability wound up shut down the moment Terror was detected planet bound hence I using my voice talent orders to kick him out and sent him to Terra. Mostly that the Terra natives could use an All Seeing One and clean up the mess that the Fishla caused twin to your stunt to planet Uzan with the Fishla species assuming responsibility via manipulations of you promising females for them."
Tom exhaled a breath as Barry kept speaking "Don't worry about the Fishla asking for females to you, High Council. They from what I've seen via my mind have already solved that issue aka cloning as it's called a technique they copied from the Soulers visiting their planet and teaching them this. Hence they appearing to have an agreement with the feminine versions of the Fishla the Sora species themselves the males don't recognize as their own females and have been busy with cloning species to survive instead. This fact is shared with the Soulers who have females but don't recognize their females as a part of their species and have been busy cloning themselves all over the place including on other worlds."
Tom spoke firmly while giving Barry a glare "What's going on with the cloning of Victoria and her father?"
He heard in response "You want me to tell him High Council?"
Tom frowned while eyeing Barry to find the male forming a glare followed by speaking Builder's chatter and disappearing into a light show. 
He groaned to focus onto the High Council to hear from Shad "Cloning of Jinks Montreal is from the early experiments of when we had the Zesky Asylum in control. Horus was cloned twice but after that we figured too many Horuses was too much so the original wound up put down into some sleeping status but his cloned copies are living as himself at the moment."
Tom sighed and focused onto the High Council to hear from Onya "Victoria has proven to be not good for cloning despite her clone Yana Renova having her memories of herself but acted like she wanted to leave us. The original Victoria is at the moment currently living with a clone of Horus." 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that feeling relief as he heard "Victoria was only cloned once just before the Soulers gained control of the Zesky Asylum and got us out. Her clone in question followed Tam-Mykola MacLeod a descendant of Horus via his own male offspring Lance Knight to Terra where she survived the disasters hitting the planet and arrived back to here in service of the Fishla running the Annoyov Barack station."
Tom frowned as he heard from both speakers "Transport Mindbender to view Horus now!"
He frowned finding himself not in the Hall of One Thousand voices as he expected but facing a window having an underwater view showing piranha fish swimming around. He turned around as if compelled to find he was inside an underwater home via the living room's contents he saw along with seeing Horus aka Jinks Montreal asleep on a table while wearing Lance Richard's crown and clothes on his form. Tom exhaled a breath finding Jinks remained asleep despite having his familiar scar on his face his face looking like it was in a peaceful look to him. Tom frowned but took a step forwards only to find himself transported to the High Council's throne room abruptly as he heard nothing from the Meritanians in response to the transportation order. 
Tom frowned while eyeing the High Council to hear "Horus sleeps in peace so don't disturb him or wake him up."
He heard the fear tone in Shad's voice to frown figuring to himself "I'll ask later on this."
Tom found his mind scanned to hear a familiar Ugh huh comment sounding in his mind via Tank as he found his mind quit being scanned. He focused onto the High Council as if needing to do it followed by finding himself ordered transported out. Tom found himself in the hallway to the barroom to find the Listener waking up again and sniffing him while again giving his familiar ugh comment. He ignored the Listener to go to Barry's quarters finding the male inside with eyes shut and a concentration look onto his face. Tom frowned hearing Barry's Builder chatter finding himself compelled to walk further into the room followed by the door shutting and kneeling next to the male.
He frowned as Barry opened his eyes and spoke "Forgiveness. You want it? Confess your crime."
Tom found himself speaking his visit to Jinks' sleeping spot including what he heard from the speaker and Tank's comment to his thoughts. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Barry who spoke in response "You heard correct on the speaker's voice tone."
He hissed a breath as Barry kept speaking "The High Council is deathly afraid of Lance Richard but won't admit that to anyone whenever asked. They seemed to be doing anything to avoid a confrontation with Lance Richard. Hence he sent back to Shadan's Great Britain with you." 
Tom stiffened hearing as Barry kept speaking "He was proved to be infallible enough to die via the Great Flood hitting Great Britain. He died actually and did that saving your life when he pushed your body through a travel gate underwater and drowned to death."
Tom exhaled another breath as Barry continued "Lance Richard the original passed away via drowning death he didn't realize the High Council manipulated his body to reject water as his oxygen when he returned back to Great Britain but he did save your life. Hence the High Council seeing you as an offspring like view enough to view you as valuable. Your life saved by Lance Richard acting as Anyan killed him. Enough to solve a problem the High Council have been hit with actually."
Tom spoke finding Barry silent "Jinks Montreal as Lance Richard?"
He frowned as Barry spoke after a lengthy staring as if the male was lost in thought "Jinks suffered too much pain mentally aka loss of his wife Katherine and living too long to be used as an assassin by the High Council including manipulated by them to do various things that pained him too much. It was I who via hints convinced Jinks to take the Lance Richard persona despite resistance done at first. Jinks wound up pained too much from his inner problems which I convinced him to rest in Lance Richard's original home underwater put down asleep by Victoria doing it to him."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as he sensed the recorder resume along with hearing "Damn you Barry for putting me asleep." via a Listener's voice.
Tom ignored the filming to speak firmly "Barry you sure that Jinks can't astral project like I've seen in Ajax's mind?"
He got from Barry in response "The Meritanians are making sure of that doesn't happen. I've heard too many complaints said in hints of Lance Richard causing them too much trouble including paining them with his earthquakes. Besides Jinks is kind of clueless living his life without Lance Richard there to advise him on what to do including what to do involving that persona in question. He acted pretty much clueless and lost the moment Lance Richard was felt transported back to the past with you. Jinks didn't have much to do or figure out what to do with his own life or do something involving the High Council. I admit it I used my voice talent orders to have Victoria put her father down asleep."
Tom heard Tank's Ugh huh comment blaring in his mind to speak Terror's familiar forgiveness line only to hear from Barry speaking Builder chatter in response he finding himself compelled to go to the mattress and lie onto it shutting his eyes. Tom felt himself passing out unconscious to dream a dream as if realistic he opened his eyes gasping loudly. Tom found the Listener above asleep with recorder shut off as he found Barry lying asleep in bed opposite from him along with the lights refusing to turn on as night vision blared. He groaned softly to recall the dream as if compelled of Jinks himself speaking to him via an astral projection scene of a beach he saw via Ajax's mind when mind scanning the male. 
Tom groaned softly to rub a hand onto his forehead he recalling the dream as if realistic was Jinks giving him an all black eyed glare and speaking in his creepy voice "You put me asleep not Barry via voice orders involving Victoria."
Tom kept on recalling the dream as Jinks continued to speak still using that creepy voice "You don't remember putting me asleep because Barry wiped that memory from your mind. He had an ulterior motive putting me asleep down here was that I could astral project enough to see what's going on including overhearing the Meritanians' talk to the High Council. Only Tank and Merra chit chat with me while the big three don't bother acknowledging me."
He groaned softly and forced himself to shut his eyes as he again dreamed of facing Jinks who gave him an all black eyed glare making him nervous abruptly. 
Tom gulped as Jinks spoke "Lance Richard left detailed instructions towards his descendants that survived the great flood to teach whoever taking the persona to handle what his views towards the High Council is. His instructions fell to me in question via that journal my Mother wrote for me when I acquired it on my birthday when I ran for Mayor. I didn't realize at first that her instructions she wrote was regarding her views towards me as Lance Richard despite thinking she was rebelling but it was clever hidden writings to confuse anyone. I realized what the message was and figured out how to astral project and including manipulating anyone to come to here like I'm doing to you, Tom."
Tom again gulped finding Jinks adding while looking off in a direction "Tank, Merra, meet my latest conquest."
Tom looked to find instead of plants two white robed figures standing on the water with creepy intense all red eyes creeping him out to make him nervous further as he saw their forms hid their males and females status.
Tom frowned as one of them spoke "Breaker, Lance caught another one. Wait till you find out who he caught this time. Mindbender himself! Whoo hoo."
He kept on feeling nervous hearing Tank's comment to hear from Jinks in response "I've been in contact with the Soulers via communications methods Lance Richard left detailed instructions on how to do it via messages. Tank and Merra have a strong hatred towards the High Council hence they talking to Breaker anything they hear from the big three blaring including anything the High Council should know of. It was Barry who blabbed of the Soulers' leader the One in retaliation of being rejected by a friend while at the Zesky Asylum who refused Barry's words in stopping this silly war with the High Council he said."
Tom spoke finding himself able to speak as Jinks gave off a chuckle sound "Was Barry telling the High Council some tall tale about my Father being evolved to become the Soulers' leader?" 
He got from Jinks in response speaking "I'm not the one to tell you this. Go to sleep and find out yourself from your own memories of the High Council. The answer is there if you care to look for it."
He found his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to gasp from a memory filling his mind. Tom jerked open his eyes to rub a hand on his forehead as he heard Barry's chatter sounding of Builder to him. He found Barry up and awake with a concentration look on his face he groaned seeing and got compelled to leave the room which he found himself going to the barroom to order his familiar Vodka drink. Tom got the familiar glare from the Listener who indicated that he had a problem. 
He spoke in response "Just a bad dream so give me something to drink since Vodka isn't going to work."
Tom found himself transported out to Barry who gave him a familiar glare he gulped seeing. 
Tom spoke firmly "Had a memory of meeting this Zeskaya dubbing himself Leader in Rakcara. He sounded like Alexei to me. Not sure what's the importance of that."
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke "You know what happened to Alexei in question?"
Tom spoke "He's disappeared as the High Council call the dead."
He paused to notice a pained look on Barry's face followed by Barry speaking Builder chatter to sense the recorders in the room shut off along with a faint snoring sound.
Tom frowned as Barry spoke in response in Summeran "Alright I admit it that Alexei has a twin brother named Jon aka Leader you met in Rakcara who's a Zeskaya."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry kept speaking "It's Leader who managed to get himself transported from Rakcara to here. It's Leader who's form got changed into what it is now leader of the Soulers actually."
Tom frowned but refrain from commenting as Barry added "Leader from the way I talked to him has a personal vendetta against the High Council. I suspect he blames them for the death of his brother and loss of him involving the twin connection he appears to cherish too much. I suspect that Leader is fueled by his anger towards the High Council to react violently into this war with them at the moment-"

Tom was interrupted speaking his story by a familiar tut sound from the Elf only to find the male shift form into the Elf's King accompanied by his familiar guards. Tom frowned feeling annoyance take hold within him as the Elf King formed an all black eyed look annoying him.
He spoke "Great just another mission by the High Council who never tell me anything."
He gave the Elf King a glare who gave up another tut sound followed by shifting form into Nonne with guards disappearing from sight. 
Tom sarcastically spoke "Just get to the point of this jokey appearance status now!"
He glared with annoyance running through him as Nonne shifted into a High Council member clad in white robes but had creepy intense red eyes seen via the face making him nervous abruptly. Tom found himself gulping seeing the figure who's face was twin to Lance Richard's but wearing a High Council member robe and creepy intense all red eyes making him silent. Tom heard ocean roaring loudly to find himself standing on a hilly edge and the ocean roaring furiously down below. He frowned as he felt no wind and no rain blowing as the ocean indicated it was running into a hurricane to his confusion. Tom felt a hand tapping him on the shoulder he looked off his left finding the familiar figure with red eyes was touching him.
Tom spoke "What's the point of this for me to bare my soul to you?"
He gave the male figure a glare only the male spoke "My point." 
He gulped recognizing the voice twin to Lance Richard's who added "Is I helped you live on Aire when a Trigan found me drowning in Shadan brought me through a travel gate to Terra where I currently rule as an All Seeing One deity instead of just Lance Richard."
Tom gulped hearing the voice was twin to Anyan's from memory and didn't comment a response as Anyan added "Sages! Wake Tom or Mindbender as he wishes to be called from this dream now!"
Tom heard "Wakey wakey smarty." as everything around him went dark. 

He found himself lying in a bed from the feel of it with a female's body lying on top of him in some possessive hugged status. Tom grimaced hearing a siren sound to feel the female kissing him on the lips in some hungry kiss that seemed familiar. Tom stiffened with shock running through him as he felt the lips belonged to Victoria from the feel. He kissed her back in response only to feel her break off the kiss to his regret. Tom jerked open his eyes staring at Victoria with short brown hair he recognized her as Yana Renova. He sighed softly and didn't comment a response as Victoria aka Yana got him up from the bed he found metal pipes all around the room that indicated a loft to him but found no window. Tom heard sounds of water lapping as he eyed Yana who got him up from the bed and into a bathroom facility. He sighed as Yana babied him all over twin to Victoria's style till she gave him her familiar order for her back to be washed. He obeyed to wash her back till Yana gave him an all black eyed glare making him nervous unexpectedly.
Yana spoke "Do you think I would stay on Aire without you with me?"
He stiffened from her words as she added "I had managed to convince the High Council just prior to them leaving Aire to take me along as a companion to you and an assassin. Also managed to convince them that I was Yana Renova when I'm not."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing her words as she added in a louder voice tone "I'm Victoria Montreal posing as Yana Renova."
He didn't protest in response hearing her words on her identity as she straddled him and he rolled his eyes once she got him inside her thrusting in rhythm. Tom didn't say a word when he spilled himself inside her as she gave up his name him realizing with a start that she was actually Victoria Montreal herself. Tom sensed Victoria didn't protest as he wrapped arms around her and was kissing her on the lips as he felt her tighten her hold onto him. He kissed her lengthy only to feel air around them and the floor felt like sandy rocky ground. 
Tom felt his Berserker side in control breaking off the kiss as he heard "Break that up now!"
He didn't comment a response restrained Victoria from behind while still having his Berserker side in control as he glared at the red hooded robes of the High Council seated he recalled the voice was of an Elf spoken via Jinks' voice talent. Tom kept his fanged teeth shut while giving the High Council a glare of annoyance running through him he sensing the group was mind scanning Victoria's mind. 
Tom glared in response till Victoria broke off his hold and snarled "Will that away now!"
He obeyed finding Victoria added while addressing the High Council "Just watch!"
Tom didn't protest as Victoria threw herself onto him and was again straddling him while he rolled his eyes from feeling himself entering her again. Tom found them both transported to water spilling overhead he found himself and Victoria mating ignoring everything around them both. Tom didn't protest as Victoria once he was done spilling inside her got off of him to hand him the soap he finding they were back in her bathroom in the shower stall. 
Tom eyed Victoria who ordered him "Just wash me. Do whatever you want."
He obeyed to soap Victoria including using his hands all over her she ignoring him in response and appeared to have a familiar far away expression on her face. Tom once done proceeded to clean off the soap off Victoria finding her giving off loud sighs sounds to his touch including using the water to rinse off the soap. Tom once done washing Victoria didn't protest as she did the same to him then got them both out of the bathroom into the bedroom to get clothes. He got tossed his familiar jumpsuit despite no undergarments underneath for it. Tom put it on as Victoria put on her familiar Yana Renova uniform but this time was in color black with some ranking medallion on it. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria in her uniform warily to find her going to a dresser drawer and pulling out her familiar device he recognized as a laptop. 
He gave up a sound of disgust loudly only to get from Victoria in response "My job in Terra as ordered by the High Council is to type records of anything I hear in their presence and same with the blaring by the Sages, Walls and Kiddy as they still referred. Just for the records of the High Council trying to trace the history of this planetary world when Edenia and Humania orbited it. Their still trying to find witnesses or records to that time frame to say what Edenia and Humania were doing when they orbited Terra. I only got one detail is that the natives called it Terrania when Edenia and Humania orbited Terra. Unsure of that name of Terrania at the moment despite the High Council indicating that their clueless on that themselves."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Victoria added "Sages transport me out to where I can do my job now!"
He found her transported out to his disgust. Tom wound up exploring the room finding it didn't have a window. He found a door that slid open to show a metallic hallway with water running sounds loudly. Tom walked out and found multiple doors in the walls on both sides of him. 
He groaned only to hear "Shouldn't you be asking for transportation, Mindbender? The halls in that place are haunted by servants of the dead working for the All Seeing One causing terror and fright."
He spoke loudly in response "Just transport me out as asked."
Tom found himself floating in air appearing to be heading towards a tree head first. He forced himself to flip to land onto the tree via hand's catching a branch only to hear tinkering sounds of metal banging loudly. He peered at the tree branch he was in to spot various pieces of metal hanging via ropes off the branch including other branches banging away. Tom heard howling noises sounding of Amula to him in some alert tone. He forced himself to acrobatic move jump from tree branch to branch to land onto the ground onto his own feet. Tom found himself surrounded by figures he recognized as Amula in both Human and wolf form including figures in shiny black clothing with Amula like eyes seen from their masks as he held up his hands in a surrender gesture. Tom didn't protest as one Amula barked guttural growling sounds him finding himself clueless to what they were saying. He stared with annoyance running through him as he heard loudly a howl in a Human like tone. Tom frowned finding the Amula and masked Amula making an aisle but kept him near the tree. He found a big masked Amula tall as his height with Human like black eyes peeking out walking into sight to stand near the line of Amula and masked Amula with arms folded Human style.
Tom recalled Summeran as the Human's language spoke it "Greetings I'm called Tom."
He heard a loud Hmph sound from one Amula followed by hearing guttural growling noises from one Human Amula appearing to be addressing the big masked Amula who appeared to be taller than any of the other Amula in his presence. 
Tom frowned as there was silence followed by hearing "Hold on I'm coming! Don't you dare do anything to that Ancient One I predicted would come!"
He frowned hearing the voice sounded young and Summeran to find a smaller human arriving into view with all white Shadonian eyes he recognized was belonging to a Seer. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the Seer spoke in his familiar language he recognized wasn't Summeran but Seer's easily translatable language "This Ancient One is on behalf of the High Council asking to know what records you have for Terrania when Edenia and Humania orbited the planetary world. Their seeking witnesses and records of Terrania's time hence they sending this servant an Ancient One everywhere planet bound for those records at the moment. You got something you want to admit Pack Leader?"
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response only to hear guttural growls from an Amula only to hear "They claim you smell the same as their leader indicating family connection. So talk visitor on that!" He heard from Seer who was appearing to be glaring at him.
Tom heard in response blaring in his mind triggering the Berserker in control "Just admit that he's your missing from Shadan twin."
Tom willed aside the Berserker noticing the big masked Amula wasn't surprised to see his Banshee side out. 
He spoke in Summeran in response "I'm told that I had a twin brother from Shadan that is missing."
Tom clamped his mouth shut hearing Seer speaking his words as if acting like a translator followed by hearing a growling noise from the big masked Amula male who's hands he notice appeared to get fisted. He stiffened when he saw the big masked Amula's eyes turn golden color which he shifted Sinister in control to glare back in response. Tom kept the glare as the big masked Amula gave up guttural noises sounding twin to him to his shock he confused to hearing.
Tom wound up hearing from Seer speaking "Says what else does the High Council want with me and my people? Just leave us alone to live in peace! Tell whoever transported you to the tree to transport you out!"
Tom heard a faint sound of typing indicating a laptop to hear growls from the Amula to find a pair going around the tree he was standing in front of. 
He heard a shriek of surprise sounding in Victoria's voice to speak loudly "She's told to record anything she hears via the machinery device of hers. The High Council is desperate to know what happened when Terra as this planetary world is now dubbed was as Terrania. It involves when the moon world Edenia orbited Terra with Humania either nearby or somewhere."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and heard Seer repeating his words as Victoria came into sight carrying her laptop via a handle and stood next to him her giving off a sound of disapproval in her voice tone. He recognized the noises she gave indicated a clone in her presence he figured that she was pointing to him and the big masked Amula male. Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line and heard silence from Victoria in response as he eyed the big masked Amula he figured was the Amula's leader Pack Leader as dubbed. Tom kept his mouth shut as Pack Leader willed aside his golden eyed look which he obeyed to do the same with Sinister. 
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited listening as Seer was heard "Knowing the High Council they'll keep on being rather nosy till someone satisfies them with an answer involving Terrania. Some answer it'll be. I suspect that the High Council already knows the answer and just wants confirmation of it spoken by witnesses and various records they can get their hands on."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing the Seer's words as he heard a loud Hmph by Victoria off his right followed by finding her sitting down and opening the laptop and typing away while hearing her speaking "Just tell the Sages to transport the both of us out now. I'm busy here with my report to the High Council who demands this record from me."
He frowned as he heard loudly "Sages don't bother!"
Tom stiffened from the voice sounding in Summeran was twin to his voice he figured was spoken by Pack Leader who held up a hand and gave up guttural growling noises. He found Amula scattering away leaving two masked Amula standing next to their Pack Leader. Tom didn't protest as he was ordered to sit by Seer doing it. He obeyed to sit down next to Victoria as Seer sat in a twin crossed legged style as he found Pack Leader kneeling in response. 
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Pack Leader spoke in Summeran again "Just a story of a witness to Terrania passed down among us Unnamed Ones as we refer themselves. His name was Mason and he was leader of the Unnamed Ones' offspring the Bedouin as their referred by them."
Tom frowned hearing Victoria typing away rapid fired pace as Pack Leader added in Summeran "I, Mason of Terrania."

Tom sighed once Pack Leader finished his tale he realizing that was actually telling his own story involving himself as a witness of Terrania and appearing to be living long with a lengthy longevity to his curiosity. 
Tom found Pack Leader aka Mason himself ended the tale by speaking loudly "Sages transport our visitors out now!"
He found himself transported to the High Council's cave room where red hooded robed figures were sitting as he found Victoria next to him typing away onto the laptop as he sat. 
Tom stood up speaking "Recorder, we're in the High Council's presence."
He eyed Victoria to find her eyes were all black looking with her mouth into a thin line as she kept on typing away rapid fired paced onto the laptop to his annoyance. 
Tom felt the Berserker in control as he heard "Excuse the recorder and her typing, Mindbender. She's told to give very clear details of everything she sees and hears when it comes to the witnesses of Terrania."
He willed aside the Berserker and found himself transported to a bedroom he felt himself tired abruptly to groan while going to the bed laying face first onto it. He heard typing sounds of a laptop in use sounding in his ear as he forced himself to get up in a fast move. Tom found Victoria in the room sitting on the floor banging away onto the laptop which he sighed and forced himself to kneel recalling Leader Lave's teachings involving mediation. Tom forced the typing to lull him to sleep as he kneeled with eyes shut and heard the typing seemingly lengthy as he kept his eyes shut. 
"Alright Tom!" He heard from Victoria "You don't have to beg for me to go to bed! Quit that begging behavior and get up!"
Tom sighed and opened one eye followed by his other eye to glare at Victoria who gave him a familiar black eyed glare in response. 
He spoke "I was trying to mediate myself to sleep from hearing your typing noises so I won't be whining of that noise keeping me up awake."
He gave Victoria a glare who halted the typing followed by folding the laptop in half and found her getting up and putting the thing away in a dresser drawer. Tom sighed and didn't comment a response as Victoria stripped herself of her uniform showing her naked underneath and got a finger gesture from her he recognized was twin to her gesture to strip clothes. He got up and stripped himself of the jumpsuit and put it away into a dresser drawer via Victoria's pointing gestures. He stood with arms folded ignoring his naked status as Victoria made a turn in a circle gesture to his annoyance. 
He gave her Sinister in response only to get from her "Yana Renova had a belly button in her back via her spine marking her as a clone. That was seen via the four Jinks posing as my father actually."
Tom formed a frown willing aside Sinister and turned his back feeling Victoria's hands running down his spine. 
He ignored her hands felt massaging him followed by twisting him to turn around and got ordered "Feel my back now."
Tom obeyed as Victoria turned her back which he found nothing marking her back or anything to indicate her as a clone as said to his relief. He twisted Victoria around to kiss her on the lips only to get her hand patting his scarred cheek in response in an insisting move. 
He broke off the kiss and spoke "Your not a clone." his comment echoed by Victoria at the same time.
'Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment another word as he found himself back in the presence of the High Council via Berserker in control and restraining Victoria again to his disgust. He gave the High Council a glare of annoyance within him as he sensed them mind scanning Victoria's mind seemingly lengthy to his disgust. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as he heard "Alright! We Sages admit it! We came from Shadan as in born there and transported to Terra in place of our parents Tank and Merra who were witnesses to Terrania! Both Tank and Merra are big know it alls regarding Terrania and what happened to the people there!"
He sighed hearing Walls' familiar blaring voice sounding in his mind as he kept the glare onto the High Council to find his Berserker side willed aside and forced to release Victoria as if compelled. 

Tom in Aire

Tom found himself in slimy black goo all around him to his annoyance as he heard blaring "Quit that! I'll get you out!"
He found himself transported out of the mess onto metallic floor to feel the familiar hand holds of the Falcons on his arms holding him up in a fast move. Tom found his mouth clamped shut by Anubis's hand. He found himself in presence of the High Council with their speakers to his confusion. 
Tom rolled his eyes recalling Edenia's kick out order including realizing to himself "One High Council group leaves another takes its place."
He didn't comment a response as Shad spoke "Ah the famous Mindbender as said by the High Council. What are you doing here?"
He heard the firmness of Shad's voice tone spoke finding his mouth freed "The High Council is-"
"Don't bother saying anything!" He heard via his mind interrupting him via Tank's blaring as he continued to hear from the Meritanian "Ramses transport this servant out of Aire and back to where he came from once you do the necessary messages onto him."
He grunted as images filled into his mind like an All Seeing One as he found himself freed of the Falcons and found himself floating in daylight air heading towards the ocean down below. Tom forced himself to twist acrobatic moves to land into the ocean feet first. He broke the surface to find himself transported to the High Council's presence on Terra. Tom glared with annoyance running through him as he found Victoria seated at a laptop wearing her familiar uniform that thrust a finger in a direction on the floor while giving him a glare. He obeyed to pick up the jumpsuit and put it on along with the slipper like shoes and heard throat clearing noises from Victoria loudly. 
Tom sighed as the images in his mind persisted only to hear "It's a complete record of our parents' time on Terrania fully in your mind, Mindbender. I'll help you out with the organization." He heard from Kiddy blaring in his mind. 
Tom frowned but forced himself to kneel and found Victoria giving him an all black eyed glare. 
He spoke "So which story should I go with Kiddy?"
Kiddy, he heard blared in his mind "Just repeat after me." 
"Her name was Georgina Visser, daughter of a witness an Earthari, Yevgeny Visser seeing Edenia and Humania orbit Earth for the first time, via a space vehicle." He heard from Kiddy as he repeated her words. 
Tom found himself lengthy with speaking various stories involving what Tank and Merra witnessed on Terrania via what the Sages managed to glean from his mind with the images slowly going away to his relief. He found himself repeating what Kiddy was seeing via his mind involving Humans via the stories and hardly anyone else with an exception to one odd human dubbed Mason. 
Tom frowned once Kiddy added "That's the stories from what I could glean from your mind. The messages are going away. I don't think you'll remember the contents again. I'm wiping it out now."
Tom repeated what Kiddy said only to hear triggering his Berserker side in control "Take yourself and Victoria out of our sight via transportation of the Sages!"
He found himself and Victoria transported back to their familiar piped bedroom to groan loudly and with a loud yawn heard her yawn in response. 
He ignored Victoria still typing onto the laptop to go to the bed falling face first onto it and heard "Nighty night, Mindbender." Sounding of Walls with an edge in his voice tone.
Tom found himself passing out unconscious in response to dream of himself facing a tube for cloning manoids in front of him. 
He didn't protest as he found the familiar Keo Queen standing next to him that ordered "Cut your hand and give me a lock of your hair now."
Tom found a male Human's hand come into his eyesight that cut the hand via a knife and gave her a lock of hair appearing to be short and curly to his confusion. Tom wound up watching as the Keo Queen he figured was Alesia got his blood appearing to look black colored onto the black hair's lock. He didn't protest as Alesia got both samples of him into the tube as in tossing them into a horizontal tube. He eyed the horizontal tube that went up into a vertical standing position followed by filling up with cloudy water to hide its contents from him. Tom grunted from the pain as he eyed the tube warily finding the water become clear showing a baby inside appearing to be a male. 
He heard "Find a Moorra willing to take this thing off Uzan with her memory wiped and make sure she raises this offspring her way influenced by the Humans period."
Tom found the tube become horizontal followed by pushing out the baby that wailed loudly picked up by his own hand onto the leg dangling it with distaste. He found Alesia snatching the baby from him and appeared to be cradling it while studying the offspring. He found something indicated of an oxygen mask seen on the chest of his eyesight gripped followed by Alesia shaking her head while glaring at him. 
Tom frowned as Alesia spoke appearing to be addressing him "What name would you call this offspring in question?"
He heard "Mason." spoken sounding in a voice devoid of emotion in his own voice to his shock. 
Tom dreaming this stiffened as Alesia added "Peter, Werra, transports a Human female with no family or any connection to Uzan and get her to the travel gate with her memory of us wiped now. Make sure she arrives to Terrania via the image I have in my mind I want her to get."
Tom found a Human female wearing a Moorra like pleasant dress with Thura's face and hair appear in a light show that appeared to be hearing Alesia speaking "His name is Mason and he's for you to raise with whatever influence you care for."
He saw Alesia hand Thura's twin the baby who disappeared into a light show followed by the Queen going up to him and speaking "Peter, Werra, mind wipe this from Tom's mind as a dream now!"
Tom heard "You'll regret this!" via his own voice as he dreamed of himself hitting a bed with eyes shut and appearing to be wakened by a guard. 
A siren sound of an alarm clock blared into Tom's mind as he jerked open his eyes with a loud gasp of shock running through him. Tom felt Victoria kissing him on the lips breaking off his gasping. 
He eyed her with shock in his eyes as she patted his scarred cheek he hearing "Tom, focus it's me, Victoria. You seem to have a side effect to the messages that the Sages put into your mind for you to dream of something realistic."
Tom spoke in response "It's no dream but a memory of me that was wiped from my mind."
He got from Victoria again kissing him on the lips as he sighed and didn't protest as she got him to lie down followed by her straddling him breaking off the kiss. Tom rolled his eyes feeling his sensitive part guided inside Victoria and sighed softly multiple times from her going up and down his length. He gave up a loud familiar sigh in response to himself spilling inside Victoria while hearing her blare his name as always to that sexual act. Tom didn't protest as Victoria got off of him pulling him out of her leaving him lying on the bed alone. He heard the sound of a shower turning on groaned softly and forced himself to get up from bed going into the bathroom which Victoria again got him into another mating ritual including her familiar babying behavior which she didn't protest to him doing the same to her with the soap. Tom once done with the bathroom walked out to put on his jumpsuit from a dresser drawer as Victoria put on her uniform and grabbed her laptop and disappeared in a light show. He groaned to kneel on the metallic grey floor forcing himself to mediate recalling his dream including recalling the details of it fully. Tom smelled ocean air along with feeling metal become soft dirt ground to groan out a sound of disgust loudly. 
"What's with you, Tom?" He heard sounding of Victoria jerking open his eyes.
He found himself in the High Council's presence with Victoria nearby giving him her familiar glare while having her laptop on her lap. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Your dream you recalled according to the Sages is point of origin to one witness to Terrania dubbing himself Mason." 
He gasped loudly hearing her words as she kept talking ignoring him "Mason is a cloned copy of you via baby form. Like any other cloned copy of yours. Always in baby form and never in adult form."
Tom stiffened as Victoria gave him a familiar all black eyed glare halting his gasping as she spoke using the creepy voice tone "Isn't there something you want to admit involving your clones coming out as a baby and hardly an adult?"
He spoke "I don't know a thing about this cloning fact or anything to explain why my clones are always babies."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line only to hear a loud siren sound sounding loudly. Tom forced himself to get up in a fast move recognizing the noises as invader invasion in the High Council's chambers. 
He willed forwards the Berserker only to hear "Tell me, High Council, how advanced do you think we Keos are with cloning manoids?"
Tom stiffened hearing the voice of a Freeloader blaring in his mind as he finding his sense going off indicating one hidden around him. 
He kept the glare and waited as the voice continued blaring in his mind "Did you think we're advanced enough to adjust a person's DNA as you call it to avoid adult sized clones like we did with one Mindbender aka Tom himself?"
Tom stiffened at the question as he kept on hearing "The Meritanians or Sages as they call themselves have been verbally ordered to forget their off planet transportation ability." 
He gave up a soft growl hearing as he heard "Even Meritanians aren't immune to Builder's voice orders when verbal orders are given to them. Good luck living on Terra, High Council. You'll find your efforts to get off planet sabotaged repeatedly by Meritanians ordered to do it."
Tom mentally gave up "Freeloader, hidden reveal!"
He heard silence in response instead of a familiar squealing sound to look around seeing only Victoria in sight typing away on the laptop as he found the High Council moving via their chairs. He frowned as he sensed his familiar sense involving a Freeloader gone from him as the High Council he spotted made jerking movements he recognized of a trapped body status via ropes. Tom felt annoyance take hold as he went to a High Council member to mind scan mentally finding it was a mind of a trapped Highlander posing as the High Council as he found the others like the male. He freed the Highlanders from their trapped status to find them disappearing into green light shows he recognized as Meritanian's off planet transportation abilities to his disgust. 
Tom heard within his mind "You might as well look up and see us, actual High Council there."
He obeyed to look up as if drawn to find a gangplank of metal with nine robed figures of white standing on it one held up a black gloved hand in a wave gesture. Tom gave the High Council a glare of annoyance as he heard Victoria's typing rapid fired paced. 
He gave Victoria a glare and blasted into her mind "Can't you do something else involving your obsessed typing onto that laptop?"
Tom quit the blaring to get Victoria giving him an all black eyed glare while holding a finger onto the laptop she speaking in response "Walls and Kiddy managed to get further information from their parents they gleaned from your mind their admitting to me for me to type down. Its records of the Terranian natives that were other species than Humans." 
Tom frowned but willed aside the Berserker as she added "Their admitting that talk because a Builder tried to make them forget their off planet transportation ability which they prove they still have it via transportation of those Highlanders. Besides the Sages said the reason why they admitted this story to me involves the High Council more interested in keeping a record of Terrania than doing any manipulation to the planet at the moment."
Tom sighed as Victoria resumed typing onto the laptop rapid fired paced while having the Master in control. He groaned and forced himself to kneel next to Victoria while glancing at the High Council above with annoyance running through him. 
He heard from Kiddy abruptly "So here's the story involving Terrania. The golden sun hot as it was shined onto a field on Humania."
Tom groaned softly and forced himself to listen to Kiddy's tale sounding like she was using multiple points of views involving a male named Nikolas who became Hades and paired himself to Georgina Visser a Human female protector of Terrania. 

Tom sighed once Kiddy was done with the story she speaking "Done with the story. Recorder, label the file 'Hayu Tales: Point of Origin' on your computer now."
He sighed as Victoria gave the laptop another rapid fired type before getting up and folding the thing in half and staring at him with a glare. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke loudly "Transport us both to where we can get nourishment now!"
Tom frowned to find himself floating in the air heading towards a tree which he did acrobatic moves to grab a tree branch while hearing familiar metal banging. He grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to swing down onto the ground meeting Amula and found Victoria seated with the laptop besides her she appearing to be eating food out of a bowl via chopsticks. Tom sighed and went to sit down next to her and got handed a bowl full of brown liquid and saw the male Amula made a drinking sign. He obeyed to find the drink was his familiar herbal tea from the taste but seemed to be in a pure form from the taste of it. Tom sipped the herbal tea via bowl to find Pack Leader in sight walking up to him to kneel a bit away from him. He frowned sensing Pack Leader aka Mason was appearing to be staring at him lengthy with a through scrutiny by the Human black eyes narrowed staring at him. Tom sipped the bowl's contents entirely and handed it to an Amula. He found Victoria done with her food and was sipping from a bowl ignoring her laptop next to her while staring at him and glancing at Mason back and forth. Tom recognized the eye narrowed gesture via her eyes to admit something. He recalled his dream as a memory spoke it firmly finding Mason's eyes widen as if shocked before narrowed in another scrutiny look. Tom heard a throat clearing noise from Victoria he heard the tone indicated on acknowledging something.
He spoke recalling Victoria's talk involving Yana "Victoria, here admits that clones of people have a certain mark on their back on their spines." He was hearing her throat clearing noise sounding again. 
Tom sighed and spoke firmly "I recently remembered this fathering of a son I dubbed Mason via memory in my mind returning to me after being removed as in a dream. I figured out who this son is, actually this Mason." 
He noticing Mason's eyes remained narrowed as he added "You talked about his story and his seeking acceptance. I sympathize with his seeking acceptance myself. I didn't have acceptance from anyone or from my raisers either. I was desperate to seek acceptance that I would seek it from the wrong people. It took my Father himself to point out that the acceptance I would receive would come from a female I value strongly." 
He paused to eye Victoria who gave him one of his favorite smiles as he added while looking at Mason "This is Victoria as her name, aka recorder of the High Council who I value strongly for accepting me and my oddities involving being slightly human enough to love me in return and I loving her in return. I'll do anything to have her with me accompanying me on where I go and she has indicated the same feeling towards me on accompanying me where I go."
He paused from talking to frown while glancing at Victoria who gave up an ahem sound which he recognized the noises spoke firmly while eyeing Mason in the eyes "Victoria has made it clear that I'm to share my love towards her towards offsprings I father through her or through anyone else. She made it clear that she shares her love towards me towards offsprings she birthed whether their fathered by me or by someone else. It's another way of gaining acceptance and passing this feeling down onto the future."
Tom paused hearing silence from Victoria but her familiar typing noises via laptop to sigh softly as he stood up and found Mason standing up going up to him while holding up a hand in a Human handshake method. He obeyed to grip Mason's hand he felt was Human like and twin to his hand in a handshake and didn't protest as Mason did a friendly hug gesture onto him while still holding his hand. Tom hugged back in response feeling the clothes shift into skin via touch onto the back he felt scarring on the area. He forced himself to be calm as Mason broke off the hug and handshakes followed by watching his son walking away going to a hut with designs on its blanket. Tom frowned watching as Mason sat down crossed legged and appeared to be mediating to him via the position with eyes shut. Tom found Seer next to him the male appearing to be standing next to him, he not sure of how he snuck up unnoticed. He eyed Seer that jabbed a finger towards Mason while making a quiet gesture. He frowned to find a masked Amula with a female form and a cape on her back with no yellow furry stuff on top of her head as seen via the masked Amula and not by Mason going up to his son. Tom watched as the female gently kissed Mason on the lips startling his son from his appearing mediation. He kept on watching as if compelled as Mason got the female into his hut and he heard a faint roaring noise sounding loudly from within. Tom frowned as he found Seer gone from next to him to find the male was seated in front of a hut with a familiar Mason pose and had eyes shut. He heard a dog barking sounding loudly to find a dog coming out of the bushes going up to the Seer to paw the male's leg while barking loudly. Tom saw that the dog was appearing to be a wolf dog hybrid to him as he found Seer appearing to be accepting the gonoid's attention by rubbing its head and heard snickering loudly. Tom found himself transported out to the High Council's cave room he finding the chairs empty of members. 
He looked up to glare at the High Council on the gangplank only to find his Berserker side willed forwards by hearing "It's bad luck to look up. Didn't you learn that from the natives?" 
He grunted an annoyed sound as he heard "Sages transport Mindbender to suffer this looking up joke!"
Tom found himself transported out to land into a river abruptly as night vision was blaring in his eyesight. He swam only to feel himself scooped up via Elves' claw and found himself knocked unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder along with a hand patting his cheek right on the scar. He grunted feeling himself forced awake and found himself lying on a bed which he rolled over only to feel a pair of hands, force him to lie onto his back followed by straddled by a body of female and cloth as he felt himself still bare of his jumpsuit. Tom jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find Victoria was the female body sitting on him while clad in her uniform.
Tom gave her a glare as she spoke "The High Council via Sages haves spoken. They have a mission for you so get up and get dressed while I debrief you on what they have in mind."
He groaned hearing Victoria's familiar words involving the High Council soon after he was freed from the Elves' prison after his capture despite Victoria hinting to him on both the Elves and the group made a deal involving his freedom. Tom grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to get up removing Victoria off of him. 
He went to his dresser drawer and spoke "Which one should I wear?"
Tom heard snickering like giggles from Victoria to roll his eyes and forced himself to put on Shad's clothes complete with the belted sword as he heard hysterical laughter from her. He ignored Victoria's snickering laughter to adjust the clothes till they fit followed by her telling him the High Council's latest orders. He growled an annoyed sound to hear it involved another mission traveling in the forest jungle land of the United States of America he recalled from memory was actually Canada and dubbed Attala by the Elves. Tom groaned forcing himself to be alert as the Sages transported him out of the bedroom into the forest jungle of night vision blaring in his eyesight he forced to twist to land into a tree as always. 
Tom snarled loudly "Who's idea was for me to do this job involving exploring the Attala and mapping it anyway?"
"The Attala is a sentient life form that has appeared to accept you by not trying to kick you out." He heard in response to his question to find Victor in the tree next to him via appearance.
Tom found the Berserker in control waved a clawed hand in Victor's direction while blaring "I haven't forgotten you dumping me into a river and leaving me for the Elves' prison. What do you have to say about that?"
He formed a glare at Victor who removed his helmet he noticing Trian's face followed by the male still blaring in his mind "Victor isn't my actual name, Tom. It's Trian Junior." 
He stiffened hearing as Victor kept blaring "As the High Council kept on calling me. I'm some kind of clone of this Trian via this mark on my back as blared by the Sages blabbing it to me." 
Tom stiffened further as Victor kept speaking "I'm not sure of how I wound up in Terra. But the Attala via mind cued to her is indicating that she has lots to show to you and wants me to do this job of showing what's she's got to offer. So I apologize for that Elves dumping."
He glared in response as Victor continued "But I was answering your question involving what other manoids are living in the Attala hanging around other than vampires."
Tom kept his cool forcing himself to be calm as Victor added "Besides I prefer to show things than explain via talking method. So go to sleep now. I'll have the Sages wake you up in the morning like they always do to me."
Tom frowned but went to sit down leaning against the tree trunk while willing aside the Berserker. 
He groaned softly and shut his eyes thinking to himself "I should be back to Victoria soon. I love her too much that I can't stand to be away from her. But I do these missions for the High Council sort of willingly even though I don't agree to them. My reward for doing them is being with Victoria forever with her at my side. I am accepting her and her accepting me."
Tom smiled as he felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of what the High Council wanted him to do while in the Attala as always. 
His dreams always ended with a dream of Victoria speaking "Tom, I love you."
Tom spoke mentally in response "I love you, Victoria."
He sighed as he sensed the sunlight blaring into his eyes to open them and got himself ready for the High Council's latest mission with Victor accompanying him not protesting to it to his relief. 

The End
