Tom's Happily Ever After
Book One: Thura returns 
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Begin Book One

Tom eyed the bagpiper to nod his head giving the signal for the music to begin. He heard the sound grimaced from the noise fully inwardly while eyeing the plane where Victoria was to come out. Tom saw two females acting happy to him with sad looks in their eyes coming out of the plane together. He saw Jinks minus the scarring making his senses blare warning leading Victoria out of the plane to grimace inwardly from light shows flashing around him and her going down the stairs together. He kept himself composed refraining from grimacing as Jinks and Victoria reached the plane's steps to feel his filming sense go off to his annoyance. He continued to keep his face composed as Jinks and Victoria followed the pink females to the middle of the planes where he was standing with two other males in suits along with a male dressed in a priest's uniform in black. He frowned inwardly as Jinks led Victoria to the priest. Tom wound up going up towards her which Jinks released Victoria's hand off his arm and shook hands with him using his left hand. Tom eyed Jinks giving him a narrowed glare seeing fear in the male's eyes but shook the glare away while eyeing Victoria as they both went to the priest for the wedding ceremony. 

Tom groaned softly feeling the warmth of the plane while feeling it in motion with Victoria still clad in her wedding dress sleeping next to him in a seat in the plane. He sat in a chair seatbelt on feeling it flying in the air while having eyes shut. He sighed recalling the wedding ceremony involving a deity named Lance Richard spoken by the priest including giving a kiss towards Victoria on the lips to get the priest to say them to be declared married before going into the plane for them. He saw Jinks walk away in a fast move going into the other plane for him making him annoyed. Tom once on his plane found Victoria seemed more interested in sleeping than talking to him. He sighed softly from feeling Victoria snuggle closer towards him as he leaned his head against her head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom found the plane arrived to New York City to his relief in a fast move. He grimaced inwardly as Victoria once awoken took his hand through the plane terminal while having people and presses taking pictures of them which they went to a sedan and it took them to Victoria's new home building that didn't include a two room apartment this time. Tom sighed to feel relieved once they were fully inside Victoria's apartment considered of a kitchen unit in the living room along with two bedrooms and each having their own bathrooms along with a covered porch only having a sliding glass door and black out curtains, to groan loudly. He didn't say a word as he followed her into their bedroom to strip himself of the suit and threw it into the smallest of two closets finding Victoria hanging up the dress and jacket in the larger closet. Tom once naked put on sweatpants and nothing else on his form to go to an armchair to sit leaning back while rubbing a hand over his eyes groaning loudly. He heard typing sounds in response to eye Victoria he found was sitting on the bed in her undergarment wear of a tank top and a pair of her shorts with her laptop open in front of her typing away making him annoyed to see that. Tom left the room to go to his designated ownership room the other bedroom to lay his form onto the couch with an arm covering his eyes. He felt himself falling backwards to hit metal with a loud grunt sound finding himself in the High Council's presence making him annoyed. Tom glared at the High Council seeing a light show to look seeing Jinks appear hitting the metal floor with a grunt sound. Tom saw Jinks' arms grabbed by the Falcons and lifted up to stand. Tom stood with arms folded while giving Jinks a glare of accusation to see the male looked nervous to him. 
Tom shifted to eye the High Council to hear from Shad "Spill it Tomcat on why you weren't fooled into thinking this First One wasn't Horus himself."
Tom sensed Jinks staring which he spoke making himself appear to ignore the use of Tomcat for his name "He shook hands with me left handed. Horus always does this hand shaking bit with his right hand towards me always. It's never his left hand period."
He frowned inwardly as he found Barry appearing in a light show giving him a golden eyed glare in response he gulped from the glare. 
Tom spoke firmly "Alright Jinks always has this eyed look whenever he saw me as always. I didn't see it from this First One twin when he laid eyes onto me hence I figured he was someone else and not Jinks himself."
He glared at Barry to find himself transported out to feel warm sands onto his feet to sneer figuring himself "I'm going to fight someone."
Tom found Jinks appearing in a light show appearing to be hitting the ground onto his back. He sneered as Jinks' twin he saw got up in a fast move awkwardly. Tom gave Jinks' twin a glare while raising hands up fisted aimed at him and making a come gesture with his left hand. 
He heard "Guardian, fight Mindbender using your combative art training now!"
Tom sneered sensing himself filmed from the familiar senses hitting him mentally thinking to himself "So your name is Guardian."
He found Guardian obeyed to fight him fighting him using different karate fight style. Tom didn't hold back as he found Guardian fighting him hesitantly till he got a hold of Guardian's neck to dangle him in a fast move while appearing to not strain from that. Guardian he sensed didn't panic instead used karate to get himself freed from his hand grip as he still used the glare onto the male and resumed kicking and fisting him. 
Tom spoke during a bout of fighting "Your karate sucks, Guardian as you're called."
He saw Guardian grimaced fully on his face to figure it was from his hypnotic voice tone. Tom ignored Guardian's pausing attempts only to continue on insulting Guardian on his karate. Tom kept up his insults which Guardian gave up a loud roar and charged full body attack onto him which he stepped aside and tripped him. Tom heard Guardian cough and rolled over which he slammed a foot bare onto the male's chest and willed forwards his Berserker he dubbed instead of Banshee side while mentally ordering paralysis to hit the male. Tom removed his foot mentally got Guardian flying up in the air to land into his clawed hand's grip in a dangle hold while limply held in the his hand. Tom jerked as he felt earthquakes to drop Guardian while willing aside the Berserker side. He grunted while forcing himself to lie onto the dirt ground feeling the area shaking. Tom swung himself up with an acrobatic move to stand with arms folded and a glare of accusation in his eyes aimed at Guardian he figured created the earthquakes. 
Tom saw Guardian looked nervous, jabbed a finger aimed at the male and spoke "Quit the damned earthquakes now, Guardian."
He heard in response blaring "Actually High Council it's not Guardian making those earthquakes. It's the one who's name you hate doing it. He figured out how to astral project again. He's there in astral projection form at the moment and is aware of the situation of this hissy fit he calls Mindbender having towards Guardian."
Tom frowned hearing Ramses' voice tone to hear nothing more from the Meritanian to find the filming sense stop to his relief but found Guardian remained sitting on the dirt ground while eyeing him. 
Tom snarled loudly "Jeez Ramses. Why couldn't you just say that it was Jinks doing that earthquake instead of blaming his twin doing it? I know those earthquakes too well that its Jinks doing it and not his twin."
He looked away from Guardian out of disgust only to get his senses blaring warning to glare at the male who swung himself up with an acrobatic move twin to Jinks making his senses blare warning again. 
Tom eyed Guardian warily as he heard blared "The High Council didn't say that this fight is over with, fighters. So continue on fighting now."
He formed a sneering glare in response while having hands fisted up and found Guardian no longer creep out of fear by his blue eyes glaring at him. He raised his hands fisted and without another word charged towards Guardian as the male met his charge. He found Guardian fighting better without restraining himself and found the male seemed stronger than he appeared despite kicked or fisted on. Tom taunted Guardian with insults on his karate finding the male was ignoring his wording to respond by kicking and fisting harder onto him. He wound up frustrated by the karate making Guardian fight like Jinks to him which he quit the insulting. He allowed Guardian to fist and kick at him finding himself was only fighting defensively and refraining from offensively fighting back as if compelled to his annoyance. 
Guardian he heard spoke loudly during a fist aimed at his front only to get it blocked "What kind of fight is this? Why am I doing the fighting while you're just blocking me from touching you?"
He saw Guardian glare at him which he quit to turn around sensing Barry staring within vicinity of the spotlight with arms folded to glare. He looked to find Barry limply walking off balanced into view who gave Guardian a golden eyed glare. 
Guardian he heard spoke "Alright you don't know what my karate looks like hence I fighting this ridiculous battle."
He glared at Barry finding himself annoyed with the High Council to get the Builder speaking gibberish and found himself back into Victoria's bedroom feeling inclined to sleep. He passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm blaring its noises making him groan while rolling over to feel Victoria remove herself from his arm draped over her. 
He took her pillow to put over his head only to get Victoria shaking his arm and speaking "You have a fighting match today at a convention room in the Marshall Hotel so get up now."
He groaned softly to get up in response to get from Victoria giving him one of his favorite smiles "I'll treat you to something special once you're back from the outing."
Tom smirked and without a word entered the bathroom to shower.

Tom grimace meeting Jason Finely a kid dying of cancer that was terminal within him and his made oath to him that he'll fight those fights for charity that helps gain monies for helping out people not just offsprings suffering from end of the life medical ailments. He recalled the charity fights has helped him keep up the practice of targeting manoids in physical battles something he seemed conflicted on doing despite getting urges to kill whenever he knocked down an opponent and refraining from doing the assassination method. 
He recalled Barry telling him "It's on the orders of the High Council to have Jinks do this. His twin aka Osiris wound up doing the order but seemed clueless on how to coach you in fights. His twin instead let you figure out how to do it something people wound up pointing out that twin situation and that it wasn't Jinks coaching but someone else. I got to warn you that the High Council from seeing Guardian figured out a way of having Jinks underneath their control which is having Guardian posing as him and acting underneath their orders period."
Tom formed a glaring expression on his face as he eyed out the window to see the limo stopping in front of a building with people appearing to be presses gathered outside. He kept the look of glare as the presses formed an aisle as he clad in black clothes appearing to be sweats while holding a duffle bag walking through them ignoring the presses. He entered the limo slamming the door and put on the seatbelt to give Guardian having all black eyes having a disgusted expression on his face with a glare with golden eyes his Sinister ability in control. 
He glared at Guardian with a glare to hear the male speak "I saw a recording of Jinks doing karate. He's both hands' sides when doing Kata but focuses too much on his right hand's side when doing drills. He's terrible with his left hand's side."
He saw Guardian lean back folding his arms giving him a glare in response as he jabbed a finger aimed at his eyes and pointing the finger aimed at the male. He saw Guardian's eyes turn human blue looking to indicate he willed aside the mental ability. 
Guardian he heard spoke "Sorry I forgot I had that in control hence you upset with me."
He saw Guardian rubbing a hand on his forehead as he felt the limo move into the city and spoke "Jinks never publicity displays that look to people in presses' recorders' sights unless they ask him to do it. He doesn't do it at my fights either. I lose fights if I display my Berserker side to opponents in fights and have to pay their winner's fees. That's how I'm allowed to fight in this sporting event in question." 
Tom found Guardian looking at him as he willed aside Sinister as the male spoke "Your Berserker side involved something to do with your jaw and hands changing?"
He spoke "Yes that's it. Besides Builders are allowed to fight as long as they don't flare golden eyes whenever their fighting opponents. It's the same towards me with my golden eyes but I'm not a Builder. I do have that eyes changing ability but I can't display it along with my Berserker side at fights. It's not allowed."
He frowned as Guardian spoke "What's going on with your TV series your acting in if you don't mind me for asking?"
Tom spoke from memory of the TV series and public's reaction fully in his mind "The public got a little crazy for my character to be a vampire as their dubbed for blood sucking species dubbed Drainers that do live in Shadan isolated only come here to feed and translate in return. Except the public made it clear that my vampire character was to be partially Drainer or something to do with that species and nothing to do with an ancient Earth legend involving Humans who were vampires themselves. They didn't agree to the way the character was going and trashed the TV series hence my character wound up killed off. I'm still used for stunts for the TV series' main character a cop to fight physical choreographed karate battles either stunting for him or stunting for a fighter. The series is still ongoing at the moment but this time focused onto a cop as the main character fighting karate by how the public has said to want to see that."
Tom gave off an Hmph sound which he heard Guardian spoke "Your acting career excuse me for asking but how is it going?"
He looked at Guardian and spoke "The acting career has stalled at the moment. Not many people are asking me to act into TV series or movies. They only seemed interested in using me for stunts in actors' places when it comes to fighting in physical battles. The stuntmen's association has contacted me quite recently for registering into their group for doing other stunts other than just physical combative art battles. It was Victoria who told me to find something else than joining that group. She didn't want me to get hurt even if it's on purpose or something stunt like. Hence I in this fighting sport something Victoria told me to focus only in New York City and no where else period."
Tom paused to give Guardian a golden eyed glare with Sinister in control "I'm told that the High Council ordered Jinks to coach you which his twin tried but did a terrible job at hence I here to do it."
He saw Guardian leaned back in the seat to will forwards his Berserker side while giving off a growling noise to find the male looking at him which he in response got the male's mind scanned unexpectedly.
He blared in Guardian's mind making his senses blare warning unexpectedly "This is my Berserker side. It's got mental abilities involving moving things and killing people including mind scanning people. Highlanders mind scanning me can trigger the Berserker side in control by talking to me mentally. Hence Highlanders forbidden from attending any fighting matches between two Humans including the sport I'm in."
He quit the Berserker side to give Guardian a golden eyed glare who spoke "I do recalled being told what your Berserker side involves. Who else knows of this other than I?"
Tom spoke from memory "Victoria knows of the Berserker side but I haven't asked her if she knows anything else involving it. I have no intentions to ask her that question and don't make me ask her that. She laid down the law that I wasn't to tell her anything involving the Berserker side period something the High Council insisted that I obey."
He got Guardian speaking "Well coaching you in fights? What do you expect me to do hmm?"
He stopped the golden eyed look to speak "Just watch my fights and tell me your opinion on what you think I should be doing towards my opponent as in trying to knock him out. Also tell me what my opponent is doing in the fight towards me to figure out a battle plan to avoid his attempts to knock me out."
Guardian spoke "Would you kindly explain this sporting fight of Extreme Brock Baxter is to me and its rules involving fights?"
He gave a detailed explanation to Guardian on the sport as the limo arrived to the fight arena's building a hotel from the looks of it. 
Tom spoke firmly once the limo was parked at the curb with presses gathered there in an aisle "No fighting the presses with fists even if they used that onto you. You're like me to speak 'No Comment' towards them thrusting microphones and recorders onto us for anything involving whatever they ask or say to us. Their not allowed into the hotel's lobby who's registering people paid to watch this fight some who wishes to be private and not publicity known for watching this so let's get out of here."
Guardian he saw formed a glare on his face obeyed to follow him out of the limo slamming the door to find the presses' lights were glaringly bright onto him and the male along with hearing multiple voices speaking chatter talk all over the place annoying him. 
He didn't hear a word from Guardian but sensed the male following him through the aisle ignoring people to enter the hotel lobby to see a cop come up to him and speaking loudly "Please come with me now."
He didn't comment a word followed the cop taking multiple stairwell routes up and down including some area that looked stinky and disgustingly like a basement to him making him disgusted seeing that. Tom ignored the smell sensing himself filmed to get gestured to enter a doorway which he willed forwards the Berserker side and mentally got the cop to look away.
He frowned as the cop halted Guardian's walk while having back to him "A moment of your time Mister Montreal."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response to form a glare while eyeing the cop who proceeded to instruct Guardian on proper behavior coaches of the fight were allowed to know of including the talk of rules of the fight he already told the male of. 
He kept his mouth shut in response to find Guardian folding his arms looking annoyed to speak "Then what's with this ridiculous trip to this smelly place sir? Explain yourself now."
Tom kept the glare aimed at the cop while seeing Guardian willing forwards his mental ability to sense the cop seemingly nervous to hear "There's no separate locker room for fighters to change into. If you're a patron of this hotel then the hotel could give you a room for the fighter to change into. He'll have to put up with the boiler room hence the stink and put up with keeping his stuff there in question. Fighters' stuff isn't allowed at the arena other than bottle of nourishment to drink."
He kept the glare aimed at the cop while narrowing his eyes as the male continued "Sir I was ordered via the hotel to treat your fighter this way unless you pay them a monthly fee in a huge high price of one hundred thousand dollars a month which is when they would give you a hotel room set aside for this. Excuse me I'm just doing what I was ordered and I can't do anything about the orders. My job is riding on doing hotel security for this hotel in question including this inappropriate treatment towards your fighter you're coaching."
Tom sensed the cop was nervous by Guardian's all black eyed look who spoke "Tell me who's the bloody fool that put you up for this stunt?"
He eyed the cop who spoke "You'll find your fighter knocked out asleep in the boiler room suffering from some sleeping gas put into there the moment the door was shut. Only I know what's the cure that'll wake him up. So I have something I want you to sign if you want your fighter to wake up period."
Guardian he eyed kept his arms folded as the cop produced a cell phone appearing to have a computer screen from a pocket and began tapping onto it as he heard from the male "I want you to authorize a twelve month deposit of one hundred thousand dollars a month into this bank account for me to wake up your fighter. He'll be suffering from some sickness such as needing to be hospitalized a month to breathe this kind of oxygen to kill off the gas which is going to take one standard human year for it to happen. Only I have the authorization to submit this oxygen onto this fighter of yours to fight which I'll give my word once the monthly deposit is put into this bank account for me."
Guardian he saw kept his mouth shut in response to see the cop holding up the cell phone and adding "I need a scan of your thumbprint Mister Montreal for the money to be authorized."
He heard from Lance blaring in his mind unexpectedly "Twins don't have the same thumbprint and neither do any Humans born in Shadan. I'm pretty sure his thumbprint is different from mine."
He eyed Guardian who held up a hand showing his thumb and kept his mouth shut in response as the cop waved the cell phone over it before hearing a beep sound in response then walked away chuckling softly.
Tom felt annoyance take hold as Guardian spoke while turning around to face the cop walking away "What about my fighter like you said?"
He eyed the cop who turned around smirking some smile and spoke "Sorry sucker he's your responsibly and not mine. I got what I want which is your entire money fortune into my bank account to do what I want. I can now quit this stupid job. Excuse me."
Tom heard the laughter tone in the cop's voice making him annoyed as the cop walked away still chuckling as mentally ordered paralysis to hit Guardian's feet.
He mentally ordered towards the cop "Fly to hit the wall pinned."
Tom found the cop flying into the wall appearing to be pinned into it as he spotted Guardian in sight doing a double take look seeing him. He felt anger hitting him as he got the cop to fly backwards to bang form onto another wall dropping the cell phone in hand. Tom mentally willed aside the paralysis away from Guardian's feet who went to the cell phone to stomp a foot onto it finding it smashed into pieces as the cop got flown into the air and got form hovering while having form still on his mental order. He eyed the cop's front finding the cop was moving his mouth to mind scan him finding himself hearing the male's talk while still mouthing it. 
The cop was saying "Smashing my computer pad isn't going to do anything. The money is still deposited into my account for my family to have once I'm gone."
He heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "Hey High Council, its Ramses speaking for Alexei. He noticed one not shown difference involving this Guardian declared twin of Horus. Their thumb and fingerprints are different and not the same or alike. So if anyone is trying to gain Horus's monetary wealth via Guardian's fingerprint won't be gaining anything. There's another difference to the twinning is Guardian has a scar on his left arm marking him that way. Oh Alexei confesses that he didn't remove the scar off Horus's face instead left it there just to mark him on knowing who's who. He's aware of the one who's name you hate hearing's existence and hasn't marked him with any scarring or anything to say who he is. Instead he left the scar on Horus's face to mark him as Horus and the scar on Guardian's left arm to mark him as Guardian himself."
He eyed the cop in response as Ramses quit his blaring to find the male was still mouthing his familiar words while blaring them in his mind. He gave up a growling noise to quit the mind scanning. 
He heard Guardian speaking over his low growling noises "What should we do to this bloody fool in question?"
He heard blared in his mind "Its Walls. Just dump him onto the floor and let him run. Police got you monitored enough to arrest him for that stunt played."
Tom heard from Guardian sensing Walls quit "Tom put him down and let him leave now. I have an idea for gaining that money back so get him out of here now!"
Tom obeyed to see the cop drop to the floor that scrambled up in a fast move with fear in his eyes seen. 
Guardian he heard "Get out of here now!"
He found the cop darting away running out of sight as he heard nothing from the male in response. 
He heard Guardian add "The nerve of that bloody fool."
Tom found Guardian eyeing him in response as he willed aside the Berserker to recall something fully making him annoyed "My opponent sent me a letter that he was fighting for charity this time. It's another damn joke by this miserable excuse of a cop to gain your monetary fortune. I'm sick of this jokey status done onto you, me and Victoria repeatedly over and over. It's annoying."
He eyed Guardian who willed aside his mental ability to speak "You do know how to get out of stinkville?"
He saw Guardian eye him as he gave up a disgust sound to pick up his duffle bag sitting on the floor and without a word led the way out to the hotel lobby to find the hotel clerk doing a double take look before picking up the phone and whispering onto it. 
He shifted to eye the hotel's entrance looking away after a lengthy staring at the glass doors he frowned to find a cop going up towards him and speaking loudly "Mister Thunder would you come with me please?"
He obeyed to leave the hotel despite presses camped outside blaring their familiar lights onto him making him annoyed as he got into the vehicle a sedan to find the familiar Highlander driver driving it away without the cop or Guardian. Tom felt annoyance take hold as the driver ignored his attempts to get Guardian into the vehicle instead continued on driving and reached Jinks' home building to get out with the Berserker side in control roaring loudly. 
He heard blared in his mind unexpectedly as he felt a hand clamp onto his neck in a choke hold he finding the hand's owner was King Winter glaring at him "Guardian and Jinks Montreal are the same person and no I don't meant by the twinning bit."
He stiffened hearing King Winter's wording who added "I have a trick in mind that requires the help of you posing as me and the help of a Builder in question so listen now."
Tom found himself obeying to listen fully to King Winter's idea making him groan softly. He didn't say a word went into the elevator leading to Jinks' apartment to wait feeling it going up and willed forwards the Berserker to find King Winter wasn't with him by hand releasing him. 
He waited in the hallway as Willingham joined him frowning but gave him a golden eyed glare and speaking "I know what King Winter wants to be done now. I have ordered the staff to let me know when he's in the gym room for this to be done."
Tom didn't have long to wait as Willingham cocked his head followed by signing for him to come which he obeyed to reach the gym room to stand watching Jinks he assumed was the male doing karate twin to Jinks' karate style making him think "King Winter is correct."
He kept his thought to himself waiting as Jinks did his stretching exercises followed by doing a Kata in karate then did drills this time. He once done heard a door knocking sound to find Jinks looking at him standing in the room next to the door. Jinks he saw didn't say a word instead eyed him as Willingham was heard making Builder gibberish to find himself making an odd sign with his left hand towards the male. He sighed as Jinks didn't say a word instead went up to him and grimaced as his hand gripped the male's throat in a tight grip. 
He blared in Jinks' mind "What identity are you known now?"
He frowned hearing that to eye Jinks who spoke sensing the recorders in the room were off "Various names but this time its Kensington nickname Kenny Montreal. I'm helping out Jinks Montreal with a problem such as taking his place while he's down asleep."
He frowned as Willingham spoke Builder gibberish to release Jinks' neck who appeared to be making himself breathe better. He frowned as he was compelled to place a hand on Jinks' forehead as if feeling his face. He felt Jinks stiffened but saw the male was frowning as his hand went to the left side of the male's face he feeling something like a bandage over the area instead of scarring or warm skin to him. He put pressure onto the area to see Jinks place a hand on the cheek feeling it as he removed his hand to place it back on his neck. Tom didn't say a word to unexpectedly mind scan Jinks' mind as he saw the male felt his cheek to peel at the bandage finding it was so closely attached to the area. 
Tom saw Jinks quit the peeling as he blasted in Jinks' mind "Why was the High Council laughing when you claimed the Guardian of Life and Death to them?"
He saw Jinks' eyes widened his eyes of shock hitting the male as he sensed him willing forwards a mental ability while gently removing his hand off his throat. Tom found Jinks feeling his hand as he sensed the male willed forwards another mental ability to see clearing in the male's mind he was seeing the hand's owner was him with his Berserker side in control along with the butler nearby him with eyes golden he glimpsed. 
Tom mentally mind scanned Jinks who mentally spoke "I'm Jinks Montreal."
Tom didn't say a word in response quit the mind scanning him to get an image of Lance Richard flashing in his mind saying "The High Council threw you into a cryogenic tube at Alexei's place for you to sleep. They're really at the mood to help people hence they pulling this jokey stunt onto you. It's just to get you to acknowledge what their trying to tell you."
He exhaled a breath as Lance quit his mind talk to recall fully what was the reason why Jinks was down asleep. He recalled that Jinks wasn't sleeping instead staying awake for too much time due to nightmares of Katherine his wife dying in front of him. Tom recalled the nightmares resulted into Jinks going insane thinking himself as someone else other than as Jinks Montreal including acting out scenarios while in the gym room containing himself into there. He recalled that he got a hold of Jinks in the gym room ignoring him and put him down asleep after seeing him not acknowledging his presence the male displaying an all white eyed look creeping him out. He saw Jinks glared at him with a glare as he placed a hand onto the male's shoulder gripping the area he recalling fully that he had always done that whenever he wanted him to acknowledge him in an accepting way. 
Jinks spoke after showing Human blue eyes "Willingham, Tom."
Tom found Jinks eyeing him in the eyes will aside his Berserker look while keeping his hand grip onto the male's shoulder. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line as Jinks appeared to feel himself tired by the shaking head. He found Jinks didn't protest as he removed his hand followed by carrying the male out of the gym room to the bedroom to lay him down onto the bed and forced his eyes shut. 
Tom mentally blared in Jinks' mind as the male sunk down into sleep further "I had to let go of Thura due to that clinging to her wasn't doing anything for me. I found love again with Victoria who made it clear that she wasn't Thura's replacement but someone who loved me back. I accepted that even if it pains me to do it."
Jinks he heard gasped of shock to find himself transported to his bedroom shared with Victoria typing on the laptop again. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold went to Victoria to kiss her on the neck she groaning loudly "Tom I'm busy here."
He spoke after breaking off the kiss "What favor did you say you would do if I went to my fight hmm?"
He eyed Victoria who sighed he heard put the laptop onto the bed stand and took his hand getting him into the bathroom and got himself and her stripped of clothing. Tom ogled Victoria who got them both into the shower stall and didn't protest as she straddled him to feel himself hard unexpectedly with the water lukewarm to him. He entered Victoria to thrust in rhythm while holding her hips moving her up and down his sensitive part finding her moaning while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him. Tom jerked as he spilled himself inside Victoria to get her hugging him in response. He sighed and cleaned Victoria with soap finding her doing the same thing in response but gave her a glare when her hand went near his sensitive part he swatted away. 
He glared at Victoria rumbling his growling noises as he spoke "You're not to touch me there. Only I can touch you where I want. I own you period."
Tom got Victoria frowning who didn't say a word in response got out of the shower he following to dry himself while glaring at her she drying herself before putting on a bathrobe and then went back to the bed to resume typing. He followed her out to stand watching her typing she ignoring him as he went to grab his sweatpants and put them on going out of the bedroom to his room to recall Dick before he was put down due to dying of cancer. He sighed and went to sit on the couch feeling himself smirking on having Victoria as his as he recalled holding Dick in his arms while on the couch who rumbled purring vibration. He felt himself tired unexpectedly shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He glared at Victoria who thrust him his sweatshirt while she was clad in sweats she speaking "My Mother wants to see my Father. She's insisting on it as said by Stepfather calling me via cell phone. The High Council will be transporting us to my Father's place for this visit to be done so get up and put on your sweatshirt now."
Tom obeyed seething inwardly from Victoria's order to find himself in Jinks' bedroom with Victoria going to sit in an armchair. He frowned finding King Winter in the room to spot Victoria's Mother Natasha Novgorod standing in the room touching Jinks who lurched up in a sitting position. Tom watched as Jinks looked off the male's left to spot Natasha gently took one of his hands and raised it to his face. Jinks he eyed appeared to be feeling the scarring marks on his cheek and appeared to be accepting Natasha's hand manipulating his hand to touch. Tom watched as Jinks appeared to be feeling the cheek fully while still eyeing Natasha in the face. He kept his mouth in a thin line as Jinks didn't say a word in response while eyeing Natasha he saw who removed her hand gently leaving Jinks' hand touching the area. Tom saw Jinks staring at Natasha appearing to be aimed at her eyes while seeing the male feeling the scarring on his cheek all over and saw the he appeared to be accepting of it. He saw Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth while eyeing Natasha firmly in the eyes before seeing her looking away to look where she was looking to find King Winter in the room standing near the bed with his familiar glaring stare on his face. Jinks he eyed didn't comment a word towards King Winter instead gave a head bob in a yes gesture seeing the Cold Lord return the gesture before watching the male walk out of the room finding Willingham shutting the double doors behind. 
He heard Jinks speak "How long was I out asleep anyway?"
Tom saw Jinks frown to look towards Victoria sitting in the armchair as if drawn with he having a hand on her shoulder to eye Natasha to with recognition in the male's eyes as no one answered the male's question. He frowned while eyeing Natasha again who hugged Jinks appearing to be gently who didn't protest to that. Tom frowned as Natasha kept the hug seemingly lengthy before gently releasing Jinks the male doing the same while eyeing her with a frown on seen on the male's face. Natasha he saw gently kissed Jinks on the cheek before going to Victoria he saw and saw her hug her who got up from the armchair to hug back. He eyed Natasha to see her walk out of the room to find Madisoni Novgorod her husband and Victoria's Stepfather standing in the doorway that gave a head bob before shutting the doors getting them both out of sight. Tom frowned while shifting to eye Victoria who went towards Jinks to pull a blanket up to the male's chest while gently pushing him down to sleep. He watched as Victoria gently forced her Father's eyes shut which the male appeared to have passed out unconscious by a peaceful look forming on his face. Tom eyed Victoria who went up towards him to hug him he hugging back hearing her sobbing quietly to find themselves back into the apartment in their bedroom. He sighed to feel Victoria conk out by sliding in his arms he catching her to place her onto the bed to frown finding himself in a sea sandy island while sensing himself filmed making him annoyed. 
He waited impatiently seemingly lengthy for Jinks to appear to find the male appear in a light show screaming "Katherine!"
Tom frowned as Jinks kept up screaming the name of Katherine over and over including screaming nonsense sounds to burst into tears and fell onto the sand curling into a ball while cutting off his noises. Tom felt the familiar filming sense cut itself off as he saw Jinks rubbed hands onto his cheeks. He went to Jinks to stand and kneeled next to the male who jerked open his eyes to stare at him kneeling he had a frown on his face. Tom eyed Jinks who displayed a look of raging anger in his blue eyes appearing to have the emotion taking control to see the male swing up in a fast move while roaring of anger to charge towards him with hands' fisted. He found himself fighting Jinks using familiar karate with the movements coming onto him. Tom willed forwards Sinister giving the male a glare who fought him back not refraining from punching and kicking towards the male and finding he wasn't refraining either. This time Tom sensed Jinks was giving his all while fighting both offensively and defensively onto him as he did the same both using twin forms of karate. Tom kept the fisting and kicking seemingly lengthy before noticing the sun was gone from within view and it was nighttime as the rolling ocean started to overtake the sand island they were fighting on with night vision dormant in his eyesight. Tom found Jinks kept up the fisting and kicking seemingly again lengthy till he felt his strength leave him abruptly kneeled into the water up to his waist while panting of effort halting the fighting. He felt himself too tired to fight anymore groaned softly while eyeing Jinks rubbing a hand on his forehead to find himself back in Victoria's apartment's bedroom she typing onto the laptop. 
He groaned softly as Victoria he eyed appeared to wrinkle her nose and heard from her "Tom take a shower. It smells in here."
Tom didn't say a word in response collapsed onto the floor shutting his eyes to pass out unconscious finding his strength back up to standards. He found Victoria sleeping in bed as he felt rage hitting him to feel like needing to take in nourishment left the bedroom to go to the kitchen unit to grab a bottle of herbal tea which he forced himself to sip down fully. He left the kitchen unit to the hallway to find a masked High Council servant standing in front of the door. Tom glared in response as the Highlander backed up to let him enter he seeing with shock Victoria lying in bed naked while wearing devices on her form involving a pregnancy making him furious. He glared at a High Council's servant standing at the door with accusation in his eyes who ignored him glaring. Tom went into his room to punch away onto the boxer's bag feeling his mood become bad again. He punched seemingly lengthy recalling Thura used as a breeder for breeding other males' offsprings and his reaction to it was be angry and furious at the High Council.
Tom mentally spoke during a bout of punching "I don't care how but I'm making it clear to the High Council that Victoria isn't to be used for breeding others' offsprings. Even if I have to kill the offspring she births just to get the High Council to get it my terms! Victoria is mine alone!"
He glared at the bag and continued to punch away feeling himself firmly accepting the terms as he heard a crying sound darted out of the room willing forwards his Berserker side to dart into Victoria's room to find one of the Highlanders there was holding a baby in a blanket. 
Tom gave up a roar and mentally ordered "Highlanders down!" 
He found all three Highlanders hitting the floor as one dropped the baby onto the bed. He glared at the baby and stormed towards it to pick the thing up with a hand by the neck yanking the blanket away. 
Tom snarled feeling his mind scanned as he heard "Give up the offspring now Mindbender."
He found himself in the High Council's presence to continue to hear the Speakers order him to give up the baby by referring it as offspring as he gave up a roar in response to tighten his hold onto the baby's neck by trying to choke it. Tom felt his Berserker side willed away by compulsion to hear words of loyalty towards the High Council spoken in his voice with desperation in the voice tone as he continued to choke the baby he sensed was being gagged by his hand around its neck. Tom ignored the High Council's Speakers' words demanding him to give up the baby only to feel a compulsion to stop choking the offspring and hand it towards a High Council member he saw was Ajax from senses blaring. He saw Ajax holding onto the baby disappear in a light show to find Barry walking into his view giving him a familiar golden eyed glare.
Tom roared "I don't approve of Victoria being used as a breeder for other males' offsprings!"
He glared at Barry who spoke while holding up a hand towards the High Council "Tom, the High Council isn't sure that Victoria has inherited her Father's longevity despite the one who's name the group hates claiming this deathless status publicity."
He growled out a nonsense sound feeling rage hitting him as Barry continued talking ignoring his growling "The High Council is still interested in having manoids with unique abilities to pass down the ability onto offsprings. Their doing this interests towards Victoria at the moment hence the breeding. Try to understand that you went through this yourself which is what Victoria is going through-"
He interrupted "Victoria is mine alone. She's mine as I see to do fit with her. I still don't approve of her being used for breeding."
He glared at Barry who gave him a glare in response to hear "Meritanians transport Mindbender back to his home now."
Tom found the order obeyed to find himself in Victoria's apartment in his own room. He snarled a growling sound to sense himself filmed but ignored the feeling to go punch the boxer's bag hard with his fists. He punched recalling the High Council ignored his requests to not use Thura for breeding other males' offsprings despite furious with the group. 
Tom halted his punching to snarl out loud "Victoria is mine High Council. She's for me to do as I see fit with her."
He gave the bag another punch and stomped out of the room going into the bedroom to find Victoria shaking her head of some sleeping status despite seeing the alarm clock indicate it a nighttime hour. He stripped himself off of the sweatpants baring himself ignoring the sense of filming and went to Victoria to yank the blanket off of her finding her naked. 
Tom got Victoria speaking "Tom, the baby what was it?"
He instead of answering grabbed her wrists with one hand locking them together to get her wide awake adding "Tom? What's going on? You're angry about something."
He ignored Victoria's words to get himself on top of her while using his free hand to force her legs apart and found her giving resistance to that by speaking he tuning out her words. 
Tom brought a hand to her throat gagging her while halting her talking and he spoke "You will submit for your mine as I see to do fit now!"
He found Victoria still gagging out words he ignored as he got himself inside her thrusting in fast moves while feeling himself not feeling pleasure from it. Tom found himself spilling once inside her and then released his holds onto her wrists and neck. He got up and ignored Victoria heard weeping to go to his sweatpants putting them on and left the bedroom going into his room to punch away on the boxer's bag. 
He smirked as he thought to himself while punching "Victoria is mine and I'll make sure of it."
Tom felt himself tired from the punching abruptly went to the bedroom to find the door shut and locked making him annoyed. He willed forwards the Berserker side and mentally unlocked the door kicking it open to find Ajax in the room while seeing Victoria holding a familiar offspring in her hands. 
He gave up a roar to find Ajax yanking the baby and disappearing in a light show followed by Victoria snarling "Get out! I don't want to be married to you anymore so get out now! I only married you due to pressures of being Veronica Thomas! So get out now!"
He mentally scanned her mind seeing her words were the truth including finding she was told by Ajax about what he tried to do towards her offspring as she was sensed willing forwards the Master ability and heard her speak the shield command. Tom found himself out of her mind by the shield command she gave which he withdrew from mind scanning her to find her getting up clad in a bathrobe while jabbing a finger towards the door. 
Tom gave Victoria a glare to will aside his Berserker side and spoke "Your mine Victoria. No one else can have you period. I don't give a care but the using you as a breeder ends-"
He was interrupted by Victoria yelling "Get out now! I don't want to see you in here till morning so get out!"
He felt himself angry at Victoria balked her order instead went to their bed to lay on it only to get her hand touching his forehead followed by blinking his eyes to hear an alarm clock blaring. He jerked opened his eyes discovering himself lying in his room on the couch and found Victoria standing next to it holding the familiar alarm clock with the Master still in control a glare on her face. 
Tom glared at her as she spoke "You have a fight scheduled today at the arena in town so get ready and get yourself to the lobby to wait for the driver belonging to my Father to get you out."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone didn't say a word to get up going into their bedroom ignoring Victoria to go into the bathroom to shower and start his day. 

Tom came out of the bathroom finding Victoria wearing her familiar black dress and sniffed the air finding she was wearing the perfume he gave her. He eyed her while having a towel wrapped around his waist as he went up to her to rub hands onto her arms. 
He found Victoria removing his hands while speaking "I got a lunch date so don't mess me up."
Tom felt his mood plummet spoke firmly "Lunch date, with whom?"
He glared at her to find she ignoring his glare to speak "With Lance Knight my brother. He asked me out for lunch. Excuse me."
Tom blocked her way finding Victoria using the Master onto him he blinking his eyes to discover her gone from the bedroom and gone from the apartment. He snarled out a growl and without a word went to put on his fighting uniform including sweats and sandals for his feet followed by being compelled to go outside the apartment to his confusion to find a large duffle bag sitting in the hallway. 
Tom yanked it open to find it contained most of his clothes and recalled fully in his mind as if compelled "I'm kicking you out of living here. You'll find your stuff in the duffle bag in the hallway. I aim to have annulment papers drawn up canceling this marriage. All I need is your signature for this."
He felt rage hitting him from the memory of Victoria telling him with having the Master in control. Tom slammed the door to the apartment and yanked out his wraparound sunglasses from the bag's pocket and put them on before stomping to the lobby taking the stairs to there. He stood waiting impatiently for Walls' communication to indicate on when Jinks' driver was here. He got Walls' communiqué and walked out of the building sensing the presses filming him he ignored to get into Jinks' car as if compelled to do it. He willed forwards his Berserker side feeling his mood bad to growl loudly. 
He heard Jinks speaking "I'm not thinking myself as Guard Beers but as Jinks Montreal. Besides I do remember what you told me regarding the sport of Extreme Brock Baxter you're fighting in."
Tom looked at Jinks to blare in the male's mind "That's not what I'm hissy about. I'm furious about some jerk unsure who invited Victoria out for lunch while I'm out fighting. Victoria has refused to say who this guy was other than using the fake name of Lance Knight to me over and over."
Tom quit blaring within Jinks' mind to get the male speaking "Lance Knight? I had an offspring going around with that name."
He gave up a growl as he spoke mentally towards Jinks "Victoria claimed him as her brother despite dolling herself up in her best clothes and perfume I gave her. She acts like it's an actual date when I know she's married to me."
He got from Jinks "Will that Berserker side of yours away now."
Tom obeyed to Jinks' firm voice tone sounding of firmness but not in fear but sensed anger from the male as the male added "Will yourself to be calm enough to fight off your anger in this fighting match and avoid using your Berserker side in control while you're at it."
Tom obeyed to fold his arms and leaned back into the seat not commenting a word towards Jinks instead was quiet on the ride to the arena. He found presses gathered outside some holding signs he saw were of various comments of marriage aimed at him. 
Jinks he heard spoke firmly "Just be calm towards the presses-"
Tom interrupted as the vehicle joined the line of vehicles arriving to the arena's main entrance "Damned presses keeps on trying to trigger my Berserker side whenever they blare blinding lights onto me. Hence I stuck wearing these glasses while I'm out in public anywhere. The public seems amused to see me display my Berserker side hence the reaction they give is asking me to pose while I have it in control just for photographs."
Tom heard nothing from Jinks as the vehicle arrived to the main entrance to find the male getting out first he spotted the presses and people were still staring at the male. He saw Jinks ignore them and went around the car to stand with arms folded while giving the car a glare. He saw Jinks waiting as he came out carrying his duffle bag slamming the door while still wearing his wraparound sunglasses on his face. He kept his mouth shut as the presses were silence watching him and Jinks walked off into the arena's building leading the way he finding the male leading to a cop a familiar female that did a double take look seeing him. 
He eyed the cop warily who spoke "Excuse me while I show you both on where to go."
He saw Jinks gestured with a hand towards the cop to lead the way who obeyed finding a crowd in some indoor shopping mall from the looks of it with multiple levels he glimpsed silent seeing the male following the female and him taking up the rear. Jinks he eyed as the female led the way to a locker room to find presses gathered inside mostly silent seeing the male as he walked away he noticing himself spied while going to a locker to dump his stuff into it. 
He kept his mouth shut as the presses were felt filming him as he heard from the female cop loudly "Alright break it up now! Get your seats out and record the fight now!"
He found the presses obeying to get out of the locker room to find the female remaining who spoke "I'm here to escort you out to the arena."
Tom felt rage hitting him gave up a growling noise while only clad in only shorts his fighting uniform of black with his Berserker side in control as he eyed with eyes narrowed at the female cop. 
He heard from Jinks while noticing the female looked nervous "Tom will that status away now!"
Tom growled in response to make a step forwards in the female's direction to find Jinks put himself between her and himself while giving him a glare and repeating his words in a firmer voice tone he finding the male not afraid by voice tone or looks of him.
Jinks he saw folded his arms as he obeyed to get from the male "Go kneel and mediate for that fight."
Tom obeyed to kneel with eyes shut and to be breathing deeply to hear Jinks speaking "Samantha is your name Miss?"
He heard the female speaking making his mood plummet further "Samantha isn't my name actually. It was the name tag of a female was wearing just prior to me kicking her out of the bar. She was drunk actually hence the bar kicking her out. She tore off her name tag and put it onto my jacket while resisting arrest. Sorry I forgot about it."
Tom gave up a roar in response to standing up flaring his Berserker side with eyes narrowed aimed at the cop to see the female put a hand onto her handgun again, to blare into Jinks' mind "Tell her to shut up! I'm trying to mediate and I can't do that with the noises she's making! It's reminding me of Victoria and why I'm furious with her!"
Jinks he glared at spoke "Excuse me Miss would you kindly be quiet for awhile. Tom has indicates that he wants total silence for him to mediate for this fight."
He eyed the female who gave a head bob in response to find Jinks glaring at him which he resumed kneeling while willing aside his Berserker side. He kept his mediation seemingly lengthy till he heard the locker room door manipulated to open his eyes. He found a male cop came into the locker room who jabbed a finger aimed at him and made a come gesture while giving him a glare. Tom got to his feet breathing heavily by the mouth's movements before cutting it to walk out of the locker room following the male cop. He sensed Jinks following him out of the locker room to find the female cop taking up the rear. Tom followed the male cop that led to the arena holding various people gathered in a circle around a cage they becoming silent seeing Jinks by the looks of it. He didn't say a word towards them as he was admitted into the cage with another male already there to fight. Tom found his fighting was erratic with his opponent able to knock him off his feet twice but managed to avoid the male's attempts to knock him out unconscious. He heard the time out referee blow the whistle. 
Tom walked up towards Jinks while giving him a glare as who spoke "Pretend the fighter is this Lance Knight and only use your fists onto him and nothing else period."
Tom gave a head bob and went to fight finding his fighting was much better and no longer erratic who easily knocked his opponent unconscious. He felt the urge to kill hitting him breathed deeply through his mouth while backing up to find the referee inside calling the male down for the count. He heard applause from the crowd as he was let out of the cage to stand next to Jinks he noticing paramedics arriving into sight darting into the fighting arena going to his opponent and appeared to be trying to work on restarting the male's heart organ.
He heard gasps from the crowd as he spoke towards Jinks "I didn't punch him hard enough for that."
Jinks he looked at didn't say a word in response as he shifted to eye his opponent to get onto a stretcher and carried out of the fighting arena while having a cloth covering the male. Tom kneeled while crying tears spilling from his eyes and willed himself to will aside the urge to kill despite the emotion in control. 
He heard speaking "Excuse me. I'm told to lead you both to the locker room where there'll be questioning happening."
Tom ignored the voice to get a finger snapping into his eyes to looking at Jinks who gave him a glare and got the cop repeating her words. Tom didn't say a word as he took up the rear following Jinks with the female cop glimpsed leading the way to the locker room which inside were presses gathered around that were silently filming. Tom went to kneel onto the floor and formed a look of dejected and upset by the looks of him despite lights blaring onto him he ignored. 
Jinks spoke he heard speaking firmly "Say something or leave now! My fighter is upset at the moment with what's happening to his opponent. So talk or leave."
He kept the dejection look while struggling to will the urge to kill running through him as he heard people coming into the locker room one speaking loudly "Presses get out! We want a private talk with Mister Thunder and his coach now!"
He found the order obeyed to find the filming remained to hear a female voice speaking "Excuse me but Mister Thunder displayed his other side while in the locker room seemingly acting upset that his coach had to tell him to mediate some method to calm down. I saw the way he was fighting. He was fighting erratically till his coach told him I overheard to imagine the fighter as someone named Lance Knight. That's when his fighting improved."
Jinks he heard as the urge to kill rose within him making him angry, spoke "Mister Thunder is having jealousy attitude towards the male who invited his wife out for lunch."
Tom heard the cops he figured were the people in the room questioning Jinks heavily on him fighting his opponent before the male was knocked to the ground and appeared to get knocked out. Tom didn't say another word instead found himself more angry while finding the cops weren't believing Jinks' words from their questions aimed at him. 
He got the female cop yelling "Alright enough of this questioning now! This is ridiculous! He told you the same old story over and over!"
Tom in response gave up a roaring noise finding his anger and urge to kill taking control enough to display his Berserker side while glaring at the female cop he ignored anyone around him. He snarled growling noises loudly to feel a hand masculine firmly place a hand on his chest in the middle of the ribcage. He felt Jinks kept the hand firmly onto the area as he waved clawed hands into Jinks' face while appearing to be ignoring his hands' touching the male's face and ignoring him touching the male's scar. Tom made himself appeared to be throwing a hissy fit from the looks of it as Jinks he saw willed aside the Master while firmly keeping his hand onto his chest while waiting patiently for him to calm down. 
Tom kept up the hissy fit he call it seeming lengthy before hearing "Excuse me."
He heard it from the female cop to hear the sound of the locker room's door manipulated as he willed aside his Berserker side while folding his arms and ignoring the hand touching his chest. 
Jinks he saw glared at him which he snarled "I didn't hit him that hard."
He heard in response "You care to prove this talk your saying Mister Thunder?"
Tom found Jinks clamped a hand over his mouth as he willed forwards Sinister displaying his golden eyed look but kept his Berserker side away. He found Jinks kept the hand onto his chest while appearing to be waiting seemingly lengthy for him to calm down. Tom found himself calm quit Sinister and then took a step back but kept his arms folded.
Jinks he eyed removed his hand and found the male speaking firmly towards the cops "If you want Tom to quit this sport on the account of an opponent suffering injury other than oaths to a kid that he'll fight for charity then use that excuse. I do know of another avenue for him to act out his rage other than just fighting this sport."
He glared at Jinks to find the male was glaring elsewhere to get from a cop "Just get your fighter into something presentable and get out of here. Don't leave town Mister Thunder. The hospital still has to determine the cause of death. I'm not doing anything till they give word on the cause excuse me."
Tom saw Jinks watch the cops leave by the door banging noises as he sensed himself still filmed to find the male giving him a glare which made him flinch from the glare before speaking "I lost control when I hit him which could explain why he's down on a permanent basis." 
Jinks he eyed spoke firmly "Lost control? I don't buy that talk Tom. I think there's something else going on here that stinks of the High Council manipulating things again."
Tom gave Jinks a glare followed by speaking "You always blame the High Council for anything miserable going on in your life. Quit it now."
He glared at Jinks who spoke while thrusting a finger aimed at the male's scarred cheek "How do you think I got this scar? It was manipulation by the High Council that caused me to get this in the first place. They have refused to let me remove this scar or do anything to go around without it on my face."
Tom spoke while glaring at Jinks "Screw you."
Tom went to a locker to yank out his duffle bag he sensed Jinks watching as he put on his sweats and sandals followed by putting on his wraparound sunglasses and stood with arms folded while glaring at the male. He found Jinks didn't say a word further left the locker room him following to find the female cop outside that didn't say a word led the way to the vehicle a van outside parked at the entrance. He ignored the presses being quiet this time as he got into the van following Jinks to find the female joining them while shutting the door. Jinks he saw sat in the middle of the front seat while he slunk to the back seat away from the female cop sitting next to the male. He shifted to glare out the window while hearing a computer pad's beeping noises of typing he figured was being held by the female cop communicating towards Jinks. The typing seemed lengthy through the drive in the city traffic bad as usual making him annoyed.
He heard Jinks speaking after another assumed questioning by the female cop's typing communication "I told you what I know so quit it with you ridiculous questions."
Jinks he heard sounded like he had the Master in control to hear the male add "Anything else you want to know Missy?"
Jinks he heard spoke firmly after sounding like he got the Master willed aside "I guessed. You got a problem with that?"
Tom heard nothing from Jinks to see the male was looking out the window ignoring the female cop. He glared at the female who ignored him glaring as he looked out the window.
He found the vehicle arriving to Jinks' building to park in front followed by hearing from the driver "Alright end of the line for this rental so get out."
He followed Jinks out of the vehicle the male ignoring him to go inside finding the crowd forming a silent aisle seeing them. Once inside the building Jinks led the way to the elevator as he gave up a growling noise loudly while yanking off his sunglasses. Tom put aside his sunglasses into the duffle bag as Jinks gave the order to his apartment residence while having the Master in control. 
Tom found the elevator went up followed by meeting Willingham in the residence who spoke "Master you have a visitor in the dining room. He claims his name is Lance Knight and that you'll know who he is once seeing him."
Tom thrust aside the duffle bag while giving off a growl displaying his Berserker side to hear from Jinks "Is my daughter around?"
He heard from Willingham "She's in the gym room at the moment."
Tom gave up another growl to hear from Jinks speaking firmly towards him "Will that status away and tell daughter mine that you don't appreciate her behavior towards this Lance Knight or any male who's seen as a potential mate in question. I know what you're going through. I went through this with Katherine."
Tom found Jinks giving him a glare while folding his arms which he willed aside his Berserker side and stomped away appearing to head towards the gym room. He found Victoria not inside like Willingham said gave up a growling sound before stomping towards Jinks' spare bedroom Victoria's former room to rap a fist onto the door while yelling Victoria's name. Tom found the door locked and refused to budge from its unlocked status despite trying to unlock it with the Berserker in control. He gave up a loud roaring sound in anger of frustration and roared again. Tom gave up another roaring sound sounded again as he made thudding noises while banging on a door in the hallway with Berserker side in control while kneeling and banging fists to Victoria's room. Tom halted his banging to look in a direction as if drawn to find Jinks standing in the hallway before getting up charging towards the male with clawed hands swiping in some cat like clawing gesture. Jinks he glared at willed forwards the Master and waited as he reached the male to swipe clawed hands towards the male's face. He found Jinks used karate combative art to keep his hands away from the male's face while trying to place a hand onto his front finding his claws kept him from doing it. Jinks he glared at willed aside the Master to stand with arms folded as he waved clawed hands into the male's face he finding the male not flinching from the fingers near his eyes. He found Jinks kept his eyes focused onto him finding the male was balking his attempts to scare him to move he finding him not scared by the no flinching status or foot step back. Tom kept up the scare tactics meeting failure finding Jinks refused to budge as he felt his anger going away along with his familiar urge to kill still simmering. He wound up kneeling in response after willing aside the Berserker to grab Jinks around the waist and thrusting his face onto the male's front while weeping tears he finding himself sad abruptly. He found Jinks kept his hands to himself waiting for him to have his breakdown before he quit his weeping to get up standing after releasing him. Jinks he eyed frowned while eyeing him who didn't say a word as he went to the door to Victoria's room to rap a fist onto it while yelling loudly Victoria's name repeatedly. He waited eyeing the door to find it open followed walking inside to meet an angry Victoria. He didn't flinch from the door slamming sounding loudly from Victoria banging it shut behind him. 
Tom glared at Victoria who slapped him on the cheek while speaking "Change your attitude towards me or else now!"
He felt rage hitting him growled an angry nonsense sound to recognize the feeling hitting him to realize that Victoria was pregnant again. He glared at Victoria who went to the bed lying her form down onto it appearing to look asleep followed by three familiar masked High Council members appearing to strip her of the clothes in a fast move while putting on the familiar devices onto her form. He felt rage willed forwards the Berserker side to feel his urge to kill hitting him again and without a word stomped out of the bedroom to find a High Council member in the hallway with Jinks.
He growled loudly while eyeing the High Council member he figured from senses blaring was Ajax who he heard loudly spoke using his voice "The High Council have their minds made up that manoids with unique abilities should pass it down onto offsprings. Something their doing towards me in question due to inherited what my Father here has displayed. I admit it I don't agree to do this breeding as call it from time to time but what the High Council orders I obey and do."
Tom found his rage was too far gone with the urge to kill taking control found Jinks with a fast speed move placed a hand onto his chest firmly over it and kept his mouth shut while eyeing him in the eyes. He sensed a light show to sense Ajax gone from his presence while finding Jinks kept his hand firmly onto his chest as he wound up waving clawed hands into the male's face the male refusing to back down or flinch from them near his eyes. Tom found himself calmer but still angry to fold his arms and willing aside his Berserker side to remove Jinks' hand who didn't protest to that instead gave him a glare. 
He snarled "They did that damned breeding again onto Victoria. She's down in bed processing an offspring through her system. I don't want to be here when she pushes that thing out of her. I did try to kill an offspring of hers she had previously but Barry talked me out of doing it using that voice talent of his, Argh."
Tom added "I'll be in the gym room working off my bad mood excuse me."
Tom stomped away ignoring Jinks as he went to the gym room to practice karate. He found himself seemingly erratic with his drills as in doing them half hearted. 
Tom heard blared in his mind while doing karate drills "Sorry the High Council already ordered Tom to remain in your residence just to test him on his reaction towards his female carrying another offspring in question. I'm not even sure of what their talking about regarding this deaf female and his nasty attitude towards her carrying offspring he didn't father. Sorry can't help in that matter. Excuse me I have business to do."
Tom felt his urge to kill hitting him hard while feeling his rage taking control continued to do erratic karate. Tom found himself stared at lengthy till his angry mood and urge to kill took control to display his Berserker side and twisted to face Jinks while holding up a clawed hand towards the male.
He mentally ordered "Jinks to me."
He found Jinks flying in the air to land into his open clawed hand gripping the male by the throat and dangling his feet mentally added "Mind reveal." 
Tom blocked Jinks' efforts to will the Master through repeatedly as he anticipated the male's karate movements to free himself from the hand's grip on his throat by blocking him with his freed hand. 
Tom felt his mood taking control further felt the urge to kill hitting him tightened his hand around Jinks' neck who gagged out "Tom, stop it now. This isn't going to solve anything choking me. Release me now."
He refused to budge to find a light show in the room out of the corners of his eyes to hear Builder's gibberish. Tom freed Jinks from his death grip to drop onto the floor while landing onto his feet he finding the voice's speaker was Barry in the room who gave him a golden eyed glare in response. 
Jinks he heard coughed softly as he quit the mind scanning to thrust a hand towards Barry to find the Builder speaking gibberish as the male flew towards him in a compelling voice tone. He found Barry's order not obeyed by he able to get a hand onto the Builder's neck appearing to be choking him while dangling his feet. Tom choked Barry who wound up gasping for air instead of Builder talk. Jinks he saw out of the corners of his eyes darted towards him in a fast speed move only to thrust a foot aimed at the male which hit home onto his chest throwing him backwards. He heard Jinks hit the padded wall with a grunt sound as Barry's gasping became panicky like gasps to him. 
He continued to choke Barry sensing himself getting angrier while hearing Jinks spoke firmly "Tom release Barry now!"
Tom wound up thrusting another hand in Jinks' direction waving it to mentally speak "Fly backwards pinned to the wall paralysis." 
He glared at Barry after finding his order on Jinks obeyed to find Barry's gasping became slower and slower sounding in panicky like gasps. Tom continued to choke Barry who started clawing his clawed hand with his hands while appearing to be panicky while struggling to breathe for air. He kept the choke hold onto Barry who slump over in his hand's grips sensing the male was dead. Tom tossed Barry aside like he weighted nothing seeing the male's body hit the padded wall and slide down onto the floor with form still. 
Tom warily turned towards Jinks to thrust a hand towards the male mentally speaking "Jinks to me."
He found Jinks flying towards him to catch the male's throat choking him in a tight hold. 
Jinks gagged out "Tom, don't do this. Come on think Tom!"
He cut off Jinks' voice cut off by the clawed hand getting tighter onto the male's neck as he found Jinks attempted to do karate onto him as he gave the mind scanned command to block the male's attempts of freedom. 
Jinks he sensed struggled freeing himself finding his efforts met failure to mentally spoke "Paralysis.".
He found Jinks unable to breathe unable to see as darkness clouded the male's mind then he knew nothing else but darkness surrounding in Jinks' mind to figure that he had died to toss him aside onto the wall. He eyed Jinks who's body slid to the floor with form still as he stormed out of the gym room hearing the doors bang shut. Tom found himself filmed while on the way to Victoria's room. 
He mentally spoke "Recorders out now!"
Tom heard whining squeals of Listeners appearing above him to find them looking like they were asleep with the recorders off. He stormed towards Victoria's room to bang his form onto the door. He grimaced getting zapping feelings of electricity from the door as he heard humming sounds from it. Tom stomped away as if drawn to find himself going to the gym room to resume banging against the doors. He found the electricity off followed by the doors opening as he crashed through them to land onto the padded floor. Tom wound up getting up in an acrobatic move and charged towards Jinks while growling angrily mentally speaking "Mind reveal." 
He heard from Jinks once he halted his charge with a hand up ignoring on whether the male was thinking or speaking his words "Your just angry at the High Council and is throwing a tantrum at the moment. How childish can you get?"
Tom lowered his hand with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at Jinks while still scanning him who seemed to felt his mind still scanned to find him mentally ad "Being childish isn't getting you anything but punishment. Stop it now and start thinking."
He sensed the Master in control within Jinks willed it aside by speaking "Wall up."
He wound up raising a hand towards Jinks he finding the male thrown forwards via his mental orders to gag by the male again choking him in a tight hold. Jinks he sensed gagged for breath as he sensed the recorders in the room short out by them giving sparks of light followed by the feeling of them off hitting him. He found a hand peeling off his hand off Jinks' neck with a strong move with him giving resistance. Tom wound up finding a Freeloader with looks of his Father while wearing raggedy clothing having a hand on his hand that was used to gag Jinks. He grimaced as his Father he recognized appeared to be calm and formed golden eyes of a Builder eyeing him as he shut his eyes while finding his Berserker side willed away by compulsion. Tom opened his eyes and then thrust his free hand towards his Father who held up a hand appearing to being doing something else than catching his fist as he felt electrical jolts of pain hitting him from each fist thrust attempt. Tom kept on struggling with failure to free himself from his Father's tight grip on his hand while suffering pain by grimacing on his face sensing himself stared at making him more furious as he felt his mind scanned. He found the person who was staring at him gone from the room as he gave up a loud roaring sound feeling the room vibrating from his noises. Tom found his hand freed to dart away from his Father to pound onto the doors finding them humming of electricity while feeling pain from touching them. 
He grunted as he heard blared in his mind "Tom that's not going to solve anything."
Tom in response charged towards his Father while feeling rage taking control who stepped aside and tripped him with a bare foot appearing to look webby like to him. He hit the floor pounding fists onto it before twisting his form onto his back to swing himself up and again charged towards his Father who kept on tripping him at each charge. Tom found himself refused to get his Father's message that charging towards him would result in being tripped to land face first onto the padded floor. 
Tom heard blared in his mind "Do you really love Victoria?"
He remained onto the floor while still pounding fists onto it as the voice repeated the question in a male voice tone sounding odd than of his Father's voice. 
Tom shouted ignoring if he was saying verbalized by mouth or via his mind "Screw you Father! Get out of my mind now!"
Tom heard from the voice sounding within his mind "It's not this Father talking but Jinks actually. Tell me do you love Victoria?"
He kneeled in response while rocking his form back and forth while crying tears wailing as he sensed his Father gone from the room while feeling the recorders working again. 
He sensed himself stared at sensing it was Jinks in the room as he rocked his form back and forth while wailing "I love Victoria."
Tom kept the words on repeating them over and over while still wailing nonsense sounds back and forth. Tom found his rocking halted by a hand on his shoulder in a firm grip cutting off his noises to look at the hand's owner with tear stained eyes he saw belonged to Jinks while feeling himself have fear in him while seeing the male appeared to be glaring at him with the Master in control. 
Jinks he stared at with fear kept his mouth shut while forming a thin line with his mouth he speaking with desperation in his voice tone "I submit to your authority Master."
Tom looked away to stare at the floor with his long hair dangling into his face as he gave up quiet sobbing sounds while feeling tears still flowing from his eyes. He felt Jinks kept his hand onto his shoulder in a gentle grip keep up the crying seemingly lengthy before he rubbed his eyes with the sleeves of his sweatshirt. Tom made himself appeared to have compose himself but avoided looking at Jinks despite face looking in the male's direction. Tom's eyes focused onto the floor while looking at Jinks' direction with his face aimed at the male. Jinks he felt kept his hand onto his shoulder seemingly lengthy while sensing nothing from the male as he kept staring at the floor. He sensed a light show to look finding Barry in the room who folded his arms forming his familiar glaring stare appearing to be aimed at him. Tom shook of fear while seeing Barry's glare sensing Jinks from his hand's grip onto his shoulder gripped the area in a firmer grip while eyeing Barry to find the Builder flaring golden eyes with his familiar facial expression remaining the same while staring at him back. 
Tom spoke firmly "I can't do a thing regarding how I feel towards Victoria enough to let her be used for breeding offspring fathered by other males. I'm jealous enough to want Victoria for myself alone. I'm just not happy with the fact that High Council insisted on having her used for breeding. I prefer to keep Victoria alone for myself to have as mine my mate and my other half. She's what I've been looking since Thura passed away. I was hoping on having a purpose to live with Victoria giving me this purpose than just serving the High Council something the Freeloaders disapproved of. They wanted me to have a purpose to live other than serving the High Council hence they kept on communicating various comments aimed at me on what they wanted for me to have. I was slow to get their message on what they were trying to tell me which turns out it wasn't the High Council but someone else to have a purpose to live."
Tom found himself babbling cut his talk as he eyed Barry who had a hand up palm facing him while still keeping the golden eyed glare. Barry he stared at with fear, resumed folding his arms before speaking in gibberish and found the Builder transported out. Tom groaned loudly of pain while rubbing hands through his long hair. Jinks he heard silence from the male removed his hand which he got up to keep on staring at the floor. He followed Jinks walking out of the gym room to sense the male going to the library to sit in an armchair he shutting the double doors behind them and kneeling onto the floor with head bowed eyes shut while again groaning. Tom eyed Jinks as if drawn to find the male had shut his eyes to form Barry's concentration look fully on his face. 
He stiffened as he mentally thought to himself "Blast he got Barry's see ability from the looks of him."
He felt rage hitting him shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate fully seemingly lengthy only to hear a loud ahem sound sounding of Willingham's voice ignored the butler.
He heard Willingham speak "Presses outside have demanded for your presence Master. They also demand that Mister Thunder be there. Their not put off with the demands and are seemingly firm on it."
Tom felt a tap on the shoulder he figured was from Jinks spoke after opening his eyes "I've heard what he said. I was just mediating."
Tom followed Jinks to the elevator to hear the male speak the command with the Master in control for the lobby. He felt the thing go down reaching the lobby floor to find guards inside that armed their guns but remained in position in the room. Jinks he followed walked out to see the presses gathered outside that became silent seeing himself and the male besides him. He found Jinks had willed aside the Master to form a glare on his face while folding his arms to get the presses blaring questions appearing to be aimed at him and his fight with an opponent that passed away from it. He sensed blinding lights to will grimace from them as he found Jinks appeared to will the Master sensing silence from the presses and lights' sources quit to his relief. He kept his mouth in a thin line as cops about four of them arrive waving a piece of paper in Jinks' face calling it a warrant for arrest and arresting him and reading his rights. Jinks he glared at as he was led away into a van and driven off. Tom heard silence from the cops in the vehicle to get driven to a police precinct and pulled out roughly he giving them glares as they each got him inside into an interrogation room to feel himself filmed. Tom found himself forced to sit onto a seat of metal and found himself freed from the handcuffs as the seat's restraints clamped over his arms and legs making him annoyed. He eyed the four cops who left the room followed by two males wearing suits entering the room one displaying eyes of a Builder and the other displaying eyes of a Destroyer finding the Builder sitting down opposite from him. He glared at the Builder finding the Destroyer held up a device in his hand that made him think if involved the restraints in the chair he spotted wires coming going to the restraints clamped around him. 
Tom formed a glare and spoke firmly "Explain yourself now!"
He glared at the Builder who appeared to glare back at him before thrusting a finger at a wall he saw a projection come on showing a recording of the cop trying to scam Jinks out of his money by cell phone thumb print transfer while seeing the male was flying around while on recorder before dropped to the floor. 
He saw himself having the Berserker side in control gave up a growling noise while feeling his senses blaring warning while shifting to glare at the Builder who spoke ignoring the noises "You care to tell me why this cop is flying around like he was manipulated without anyone touching him?"
Tom glared at the Builder feeling his mood plummet further cut his noises and mentally spoke "Restraints off."
He found the Builder giving him a glare as he felt the restraints refused to budge as his senses continued to blare warning again he realizing why.
Tom spoke "You stinking Builder. You Builder voice ordered me while I was staring at the projector!"
He glared at the Builder who kept the glare before the male spoke "Is there something you want to admit hmm regarding that odd side of yours?"
He again got his senses blaring warning found himself blurting to his shock "It's dubbed Berserker not odd side. I dub it by that name."
Tom continued to feel his senses blaring warning as he continued to blurt to his annoyance everything involving his Berserker side's mental abilities. He glared at the Builder to find the Destroyer whispering in the male's ear he too deaf to hear. Tom kept on glaring as the Destroyer finished his talk before finding himself sitting in a car after blinking his eyes he feeling rage running through him. Tom willed forwards his Berserker side feeling himself annoyed with the cops and their interrogation as Jinks was seen getting into the car. He didn't say a word as the car was felt started up while sensing Jinks staring at him. 
Tom spoke after quitting the Berserker look sounding annoyed "Cops got me to blab everything involving my Berserker side in control. They showed me some recording of me displaying my Berserker side while there was of a cop being tossed all over the place and demanded to know why he was flying around. That's when I was forced to tell them of my Berserker side and its mental abilities. They know that I can mind scan people with it in control as said by me and demonstrating it onto them. The cops seemed to have some kind of plan involving me by the looks they gave me indicting it. I recognized that look they gave me from someone else giving me that look enough to figure out that someone was up to something involving me."
He leaned back hearing nothing but silence from Jinks while feeling himself annoyed with what he blurted and found the sedan arriving to the male's home building that got inside via the garage room. He got out following Jinks while grimacing of a familiar pain hitting his arm he feeling the area while out following the male by getting into the elevator. He didn't say a word towards Jinks as he willed forwards his Berserker side in control while growling loudly. Jinks he eyed willed forwards the Master and ordered the command for the elevator to go to the male's apartment. He felt the elevator go up followed by stopping to show Barry inside with arms folded a golden eyed glare on his face. Tom found Barry eyeing him and ignoring Jinks' looking at the Builder.
Tom willed aside his Berserker side and spoke firmly "Spill it Barry on what you're doing towards Jinks now. I saw him display that look you display whenever you're concentrating onto seeing something within your mind. His facial appearance was twin to your concentration look actually."
Barry he eyed in response to find the Builder giving Jinks a glare which he heard the male spoke firmly "I have been getting images in my mind from time to time with a great deal of concentration can get the images to shift into a scene I don't have control on seeing."
Barry who quit glaring at Jinks he saw shifted to focus onto him with a glare he hearing from the Builder "Talk Tom on who made you immune to Builders' voice talent orders now. I didn't do such order onto you."
He got a light show to find a Barry's twin appearing while wearing a masked High Council wear's uniform with a cane to find Barry giving the twin a glare who spoke "I admit it I made him immune to Builders' voice talent orders. I took back that order in question when I saw him harming you brother dear."
Tom kept his mouth shut as Barry spoke Builder's gibberish. He found Barry's twin speaking gibberish while seeing Jinks had a look of understanding on his face. He saw them both disappear into light shows with loud click sounds to glare at Jinks who looked at him with a frown.
Tom spoke while jabbing a finger aimed at Jinks "You seemed to get it what the Builders were saying in their gibberish language. Don't deny it for I saw that look on your face that suggested it."
Jinks he glared spoke firmly "I got it what the Builders were saying."
Tom gave up a loud Hmph sound before added after hearing a Meritanian blaring in his mind's talk after a pause of staring at Jinks "Walls blabbed that Victoria gave up the offspring and is currently at her home resting at the moment. The public thinks she's in her home resting while I'm stuck here with you as thought by the public according to Walls himself blaring that fact to me."
Tom looked away to hear "If you want I can arrange a ride for you to go to Victoria-"
He interrupted Jinks by flaring his Berserker side and blaring in Jinks' mind while looking at the male "Don't bother. Victoria kicked me out during an argument and threw my stuff into the hallway all of it in a duffle bag. She refuses to have anything to do with me when I talked to her in your spare bedroom just prior to going down into a status involving carrying offsprings. She laid down the law that my nasty reaction towards a child of hers was the last straw in being paired towards me. She had managed to get some annulment papers drawn up and is waiting for my signature for me to sign to quit the marriage with her. Don't bother changing Victoria's mind on this. I mind scanned her and found out that she didn't really want to be married towards me but only did it due to publicity's believing her as Veronica Thomas including wanting her to have a husband. She doesn't want to be paired towards a male in question instead keep her independence of living single while being a famous writer."
Tom looked away while willing aside his Berserker side to hear a loud meow. He found Snowy getting onto his shoulder and meowing loudly followed by he cradling the cat in his arms to go sit down onto a couch with the furball on his lap and appeared to be snoozing away. Jinks he heard didn't say a word instead left the room which he followed silently while holding Snowy that ignored his carrying status finding the male didn't acknowledge him. He found Jinks went to Victoria's former bedroom to knock onto the door to find it open showing Victoria looking like she hadn't slept well by the dark circles underneath her eyes. 
Jinks ignored him while eyeing Victoria to speak "Mind if I come in daughter mine?"
He eyed Jinks who got Victoria opening the door wider and stepping into the room the male walked inside shutting the door which he manipulated it to be ajar. 
He listened to the conversation within the room to hear Jinks speaking "Daughter mine tell me what's gotten you upset?"
Tom heard Victoria's voice speaking as he felt Snowy squirm in his hands' grip which he placed the cat down that ran down the hallway "It's Tom."
He heard the broken voice tone of to hear her add he hearing her confirming his mental talk to Jinks including adding "The public is balking on seeing me as Victoria Montreal instead this time their seeing me as Veronica Thomas author of romance novels. They expect me to act like one of my characters in one of my romance novels in the Veronica Thomas persona married to a handsome hunky guy. I didn't like being married to Tom anyway. I sort of fell into the public's expectations regarding my Veronica Thomas's person including pairing myself towards Tom himself."
Tom sighed and knocked onto the door getting the door wider to find Jinks getting up to find see him standing in the doorway the male saw his face indicating that he overheard Victoria's words. Jinks he didn't say a word went to sit down in an armchair in the room keeping himself quiet as he entered the room shutting the door ignoring him. Tom found himself watched by Jinks as he stripped himself of his clothes and shoes while leaving himself clad in only his underwear shorts and got onto the bed with Victoria to pull her gently against him. Victoria to his relief clung towards him while appearing to be weeping tears he hearing her quiet sobbing sounds. He felt Jinks continued to watch as he forced himself to form tears on his face and found himself appearing to be more clingy towards Victoria finding her rubbing hands all over his front on his chest and bulging stomach muscles. Jinks he sensed to his annoyance continued to watch till the male without a word got up and quietly left the bedroom gently shutting the door with a bang sound. 
Tom wiped his eyes of the tears forming a glare and spoke towards Victoria in a firm voice tone while gripping her arms she avoiding looking at him in the eyes "Your mine Victoria. You're what I do as I pleased. I want to mate with you and I insist you submit to me now."
He gave Victoria a glare as he reached a hand towards Victoria's pant waist finding her resisting to his efforts to get her pants down. He brought a hand to her neck to grip the area while hearing a loud Tsk sound as he again tried to get a hand onto her pants' waist. He found Willingham in the room that source of the Tsk sound. Tom found that Willingham refused to budge from spying onto him despite displaying his Berserker side aimed at the male finding his mental orders not doing anything to remove him from the room. He growled an annoyed sound as he willed aside the Berserker side and kissed Victoria on the lips finding her slapping him on the cheeks in response. 
He broke off the kiss to glare at her as she spoke while trying to get his hands off her arms "Leave me alone. I want to be alone for awhile."
Tom heard Willingham speaking Builder chatter to find himself waking up from the couch in the elevator's room with Snowy sitting on his front he finding himself clad in his sweat pants covering his underwear shorts but felt his sweatshirt on top of him like slung. He gave up an Hmph sound as Snowy got off of him with a loud yowl sound as he stomped towards Victoria's room to find himself going to the gym room as if compelled to find Jinks inside practicing karate. Tom found Jinks focused on doing drilling on both sides including stretching on both sides finding the male not grunting of effort from the limber stretches despite he having to do grunting himself. Jinks he glared once done swung himself up to face the doorway giving him a glare.
Jinks he heard spoke firmly "Something I can do for you?"
Tom displayed his Berserker side and broadcasted within Jinks' mind recalling Willingham's stunt "That butler of yours is really nosy onto what Victoria and I were doing. I kept sensing him spying onto the both of us while we were doing mating rituals. I even caught him in the room watching us with a glare on his face which I had to kick him out along with no help from Victoria on that issue. The High Council managed to break up the mating ritual by having Walls broadcast to us to have Victoria transported to her apartment so she could get some rest from her carrying status. They told me via Walls that I was seen entering your home so I would have to be seen leaving that way instead of transported out."
Tom quit the talk but still scanning Jinks finding himself annoyed with what he said to the male to hear "I specified to the butler not to disturb you and Victoria unless it's an emergency."
Tom quit the Berserker side to speak while sensing the recorders in the room off "Your butler nosily only had me do just touching towards Victoria and nothing else involving that. Victoria didn't do anything to encourage me to do anything else mating wise than just touch her all over the place. She did the same thing towards me despite my attempts to do mating which your butler blocked that from happening via his voice talent used. Victoria sort of underneath his control blocked me from doing any mating instead allowed me to touch her where she never been touched before and I the same she towards me."
Tom found himself annoyed with what he said towards Jinks who spoke "If you want I can arrange for a vehicle to drive you to your home ASAP."
He who shook his head in a no gesture to recall the familiar pain in his left arm to roll his sleeve showing a blinking round ball like device into his lower arm and speaking "Cops injected me with this homing beacon they called this. They don't trust me to leave town hence the implant in question. Besides a certain group you hate told me to stay with you and keep my wife's home location a secret for now. The cops according to them know which building she stays in but not the apartment she's in. The neighbors in that building haven't been forthcoming to the cops on which apartment she stays in with me there. The neighbors from what I know of them are people well known in the public eye and don't like cops being nosy onto where their living while their home residences is in that building in question."
Jinks spoke he seeing the male walking out he feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt to his shock "Interesting anyway. What's Victoria's reaction towards you having that implant in question?"
Tom wound up shutting the doors to stand in the hallway while staring at the male to find himself blurting to his shock "Her reaction is to agree with the High Council on having me stay out of her residence while I have this implant into my arm. They including Victoria want me to stay with you. Besides what's with you kissing a cop on the lips? I saw that in your mind of you doing it to some cop I recognized belonged to a male named Nikolas. He's down asleep contained at the moment. Her face is twin to him actually."
He glared at Jinks who spoke "Her name is Gabriella David aka Nikolina Nikolas as said by Ajax. Besides she sort of gets me itching to do what a male wants to do towards a female if you get my meaning. It's something the butler blocked you from doing towards Victoria."
Tom formed understanding in his eyes followed by speaking "Interesting. I'm surprised that she's gotten you interested mating wise. I heard that you abstained from mating since Victoria came to exist. What's up with that?"
Jinks spoke firmly "I wound up shaming myself hence I abstained from the mating onto females. Besides I'm not even sure of why I'm having this mating interests towards this cop in question. I normally don't have any mating interests hitting me whenever I'm in presence of females in question. I've managed to discipline myself enough to avoid this mating interests which its shocking me that I'm having it after awhile of not having it in question."
Tom gave up in response feeling himself annoyed at the Builder species for manipulating him to say words "Hmph."
He saw Jinks walked away followed the male to the library to find him going to sit into an armchair which he felt rage went to kneel onto the floor with eyes shut making himself appear to be mediating while recalling further instructions the Builder cop told him to remember at a later time making him angry. 
Jinks he heard "Let me guess the cops told you to shadow me around while in here as they track you hmm?"
Tom gave Jinks a glare in response followed by speaking recalling the instructions "That and other things said to me regarding what I was supposed to do towards you in question. They sort of claimed that an implant put into you wouldn't work. Instead your body would reject it and toss it out. Something my body isn't doing towards my implant in question. Excuse me."
Tom resumed mediating to glance at Jinks who pick up a book and spied it to discover it was a Veronica Thomas book appearing to be a romance novel from the looks of a couple in a clinch on the cover while wearing odd clothing. Tom found Jinks opened the book beginning to read the story seemingly lengthy. He felt himself annoyed with his mediation being useless when to sit in the armchair glaring at the door to the room. He grabbed the book that was on the table next to the chair seeing it was a romance novel and glared at it with it open to a page he not reading it but continued to force himself to mediate while glaring.
Tom heard a door knocking sound ignored it to hear "Master you have a visitor a cop naming herself Gabriella David in Table room four."
He heard Jinks thumped down a book onto the table he forcing himself to ignore the male by continuing on fake reading his book. 
Tom heard a Tsk sound from Willingham looked up to glare at the butler who spoke "This room is reserved for reading of books and not staring at them or destroying anything so get out now."
He thumped the book onto the table hearing the firmness of Willingham's voice tone walked out and went to the elevator's couch room to sit onto a couch seemingly lengthy impatiently waiting for Jinks' return. 
He sat to find Snowy chewing onto his toes and batting them with her paws making him annoyed to recognize Dick's familiar behavior of "Play with me."
Tom wound up wrestling with Snowy by letting the cat chew onto his hand and back paw it seemingly annoying him with the cat's scratching onto his hand and giving him pain. He found Snowy kept up the playing till she gave off a loud meow sounding excited to quit the playing to dart away he tracked her getting onto Jinks' shoulder and rubbed her face onto the male's ear. Tom sighed to stand up as Jinks adjusted position to hold Snowy in his arms he hearing a loud purring sound he figured was her rumbling away. He heard Jinks sigh and eyed the male going to the couch which he joined him while leaning back and groaning loudly recalling the reason for the implant and why he was contained in Jinks' residence. 
Jinks he heard spoke once he quit the groaning "What's gotten you upset, Tom?"
He spoke while looking at Jinks "I'm anxious to know what's the results of the tests done onto my opponent that died during a fight with him. I do hope I didn't hit him too hard to cause him to die. It'll wreck me up. I kind of been counting on those fights in this sport to help me get rid of some urges. Besides it was a kid dying of cancer that I oath to be in this sport for charity. I don't want to make his family look bad. Public knows of this oath and who this kid and family is despite refusing to say who it is. They keep on saying hints that they know who the kid and family is. I haven't heard a word from this kid's family regarding the incident or anything presses wise in opinion towards me."
Tom looked away while again giving off further groaning sounds. He heard silence from Jinks in response to find Snowy getting onto his lap to sit onto his front in a tummy sit style. Tom felt himself lulled to calm by the rumbling vibrations Snowy made while sitting on his lap. He bowed his head dangling his hair while breathing deeply through his mouth forcing himself to be calm despite still angry. He heard Jinks sigh and felt the male get up from the couch to walk away he forcing himself to follow at a discreet distance while holding Snowy rumbling in his arms. He peered through the hallway to find the male going to the dining room to peer in the doorway to find a Highlander wearing a suit there typing onto a laptop computer.
Tom heard Jinks speaking "Are you here for Tom's defense in a court of law?"
He eyed the male Highlander who he assumed was a lawyer looking up and speaking as if hearing Jinks "Not really. The High Council got a hold of the test results this opponent died of. Turns out he had an illegal performance acting drug in his system. There's an outstanding warrant for this fighter's arrest in this state name of Nevada for this issue."
Tom exhaled a breath as the lawyer added "Besides I'm not here for this issue actually. The family of Jason Finely the offspring who got Mindbender to oath his oath to fight for charity has publicity came out announcing this issue including releasing Mindbender of his oath saying he doesn't need to do it anymore. They say that someone else told them to have charity tournament for fighters to fight for charities they're representing enough to earn extra money from the fights instead of focused onto one fighter to do that job. By the way where is Mindbender at the moment?"
He spoke in response "Right here."
Tom stood in the doorway to the hallway holding onto Snowy who seemed content being held in his arms seeing Jinks looking at him. 
He walked further into the room speaking with a sad tone "I heard everything you said."
Tom focused onto the lawyer who pulled out a piece of paper from his briefcase and spoke while handing it to Jinks "It's from the Extreme Brock Baxter sport's council. They want you to read the letter's contents. It's addressed to Horus."
Jinks he saw had ranges of emotions on his face while reading the paper.
He saw Jinks groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead that made him think it was bad news to speak "Its bad news isn't it?"
Tom eyed Jinks who spoke on its contents "I'm finding its contents was telling me on you having a termination of competing in the sport's contract including forbidden from coaching but the council allowed myself to coach other fighters if inclined to do but wasn't allowed to fight period." 
He felt himself get further dejected by the shoulders slumping over while still holding onto Snowy. 
Jinks he saw handed the paper back to the lawyer which he spoke with anger in his voice tone "So I'm just nothing but a figurehead husband for Victoria to flaunt to the public for her Veronica Thomas persona."
Tom found anger taking control placed Snowy onto his shoulder while folding his arms and looking angry on his face. Snowy he sensed rubbed her face onto his head while giving off friendly mews in a soft tone to get him bowing his head and groaning loudly.
He recalled why he was in that sport to quit the groaning while speaking "I took that sport due to needing an outlet for my karate. I didn't like the choreographed karate I was doing while acting or stunting for people. It sort of bothered me enough to want to take this sport in question. I needed an outlet to continue on keeping up my karate. I liked the karate but the mindless practicing it over and over without a way of seeing if I was still keeping it up when it comes to fights was bothering me."
Tom heard "Alright anything else you want to admit Mindbender?"
Tom heard the edge in the lawyer's voice tone flared Sinister in control while looking up to glare at the lawyer while speaking firmly "I'm still struggling over my urges to assassinate people despite having that hit from time to time. I thought that fighting in this sport would help my urges go away. Instead it's sort of been a struggle to try to avoid trying to assassinate my opponents. I had to restrain myself from doing it including flaring my Berserker side."
Tom flared his Berserker side to wave a clawed hand towards the lawyer while broadcasting to the Highlander's mind "I'll have the High Council's head if it turns out that their responsible for kicking me out of this sport their latest stunt."
He found the lawyer spoke ignoring his talk while looking at Jinks the male looking "The High Council has assured me that they have nothing to do with this latest stunt as Mindbender is broadcasting within my mind. Besides the High Council have said that the fights as they call it between Horus and Mindbender to continue but the locations vary on where you both are to fight only using physical combative art moves period. Excuse me my business here is done."
He eyed the lawyer who put the paperwork into his briefcase including folding the lap top to put into the case then looked at him with a look of fear on the male's face.
Tom gave up a growling noise to hear "Tom, will that status away now."
He heard Jinks repeated his words in a firmer voice tone while giving him a glare as he looked at the male with his eyes before shifting away the Berserker look and speaking "I'll be in the gym room. Kindly tell your butler to butt out. I'm in the mood to assassinate something."
Tom felt Snowy still on his shoulder which he walked up towards Jinks and took the cat off of him to thrust her to him which he took that gave up a meow sounding annoyed to him. Jinks he saw put Snowy onto the male's shoulder that sat and gave up an ear splitting yowl. Tom without a response stomped out of the room out of sight going to the library room as if compelled to his annoyance. He felt his mood plummet went into the room to kneel forcing himself to mediate fully with eyes shut seemingly lengthy only to hear the door opening sound. He ignored the sound sensing from senses blaring Jinks entering the room and heard nothing from the male but a sound of a book taken off the table. 
Tom heard silence from Jinks continued to mediate to hear a door knocking sound to hear "Master you have visitors in Table room four a Gabriella David and a Bin Hong both cops who request Tom Thunder's presence to be there. They came carrying a briefcase and is accompanied by your lawyer there. I'm ordered to have you go to that room and meet them inside."
Jinks he saw placed the book onto the table as he gestured for the male to lead the way getting tossed his sweatshirt behind Jinks' back by the butler. He put the top on while following Jinks going to the elevator to feel the thing move without giving any commands. Tom followed Jinks barefoot to reach the designed room to walk inside to glare with arms folded finding his familiar Highlander lawyer there typing onto a laptop while spotting Gabriella David the familiar cop from the arena and a male cop who had Highlander looks on his face he assumed was named Bin Hong. 
Jinks he heard spoke firmly "Is there something you want now? I'm getting a little annoyed with the cops visiting me."
He saw Jinks was glaring at Gabriella who held up a gun device and spoke appearing to address him ignoring the male "Your arm Mister Thunder for removing the implant."
He obeyed to go up towards Gabriella to find the female putting the gun device into his arm after rolling up the sleeve to see the implant get taken out followed by Bin rubbing the area with appearing to be wet cloth. He sensed Jinks eyed him rolled down the sleeve and went to sit down in a chair at Jinks' sign language gesture to do it. 
Jinks spoke "Anything else now?"
He heard "Actually there's no charges to be brought against you and Mister Thunder in question. Mister Thunder is forbidden from having anything to do with the Extreme Brock Baxter sport such as fighting or coaching."
Tom growled while willed forwards the Berserker side as the lawyer continued talking ignoring his noises "I do warn you that the opponent's family may sue Mister Thunder in a wrongful death lawsuit despite told that he wasn't responsible for the death. I can't say what the courts of law will say regarding this issue at the moment. The opponent's family has the right to sue the sport's governing body and Mister Thunder himself for what happened to their family member. Anything else you want to know Miss David regarding this matter Ma'am?"
Tom sensed Jinks' glaring stare despite still displaying his Berserker side to slouch further into the chair with arms folded and resumed a Human appearance.
Tom heard a male voice spoke "Excuse me. Our business here is done."
He heard the door being manipulated followed by hearing the door shut while noticing the cops were gone from the room to see Jinks went to the lawyer to snarl loudly "What are you saying that you're not saying in front of the cops?"
He glared at the lawyer who he saw appeared to broadcast talk within Jinks' mind.
The lawyer added using his voice as he displayed his Berserker look "I have plans to have associates contact Mister Thunder's former opponent's family offering services for settling their thinking regarding what they need to do towards Mister Thunder in question. I'll keep you updated on what they have in mind once they speak of it. Excuse me."
He saw the lawyer put away the laptop into the briefcase and walk out of the room to see Jinks focus onto him while he was displaying his Berserker side and flexed a clawed hand in the male's direction he mind scanning the male.
Tom broadcasted towards Jinks "I saw the lawyer giving you mental talk so talk on what's he's saying now or I'll get it out of your mind."
He got Jinks speaking mentally what the lawyer said to him "He said the High Council hinted via hints of the Meritanian variety that they'll personally attend to the opponent's family if they think of targeting you or myself in a wrongful death lawsuit in question. The Meritanians from what they said made it clear that the opponent's family has some thinking of having me pay for an after school sporting program within the city that is reportedly in debt and struggling to keep the program active. That after school sporting program in question is used to keep offsprings regardless of how old they are out of law breaking behavior due to boredom and not having much to do within the city."
Tom spoke mentally to Jinks "I would rather pay for the after school program anyway. I was in militia school where kids from other cities were thrown into that school with me. The kids complained of boredom and not having much to do after school as said to me. Some of those kids wound up in trouble with the law due to boredom and not having anything to do to keep them amused. I suggested you pay for that after school program willingly anyway."
He removed his Berserker side to get up giving Jinks a glare and speaking "Shouldn't we get out of this depressing room?"
Tom followed Jinks to the elevator to enter the elevator hearing an ahem noise to find Willingham in the elevator holding a duffle bag.
Willingham he glared at spoke "Mister Thunder your personal items are in this bag. Besides the car a hired driver is outside parked at the front entrance at the moment. Master you're required to see him off."
Jinks he heard didn't comment a response gave the order to the lobby to the elevator's computer to feel the thing going down. He took the bag from Willingham and got handed his wraparound sunglasses and sandals for his bare feet which he put on. He followed Jinks walking out as the elevator reached the lobby to walk out of the entrance hearing silence from the crowd to shake hands with the male using his right hand. Tom sensed Jinks watching as he walked through an aisle through the crowd still silently watching to get into a sedan by a Highlander driver opening the car door. Tom spotted Jinks walking away as the Highlander driver shut the door then took off running away. He yanked off his sunglasses to smell gas within the car indicating it was about to blow and grunted against the car's door to find himself throwing himself out of the car with the door while knocking himself unconscious as he heard a car explosion sound behind him.

Tom came to feeling the Berserker side in control while feeling his urge to kill which he opened his eyes giving a roaring noise ignoring the hand patting him on the cheek. Tom felt a hand slam onto his chest right where he was to calm down he seeing the hand's owner was Jinks having the Master in control. Tom felt his angry mood going down within him but his urge to kill still hitting him making him annoyed. He willed aside his Berserker side to remove Jinks' hand and sat up. Jinks he saw didn't say a word instead got a hold of his arm to lift him up to stand with inhuman great strength while standing up to glare at the crowd as cops arrived shooing the people away from the raging inferno. 
Tom glared at Jinks as the male willed aside the Master and spoke firmly "Come with me now."
He followed to go inside which once inside he heard Jinks spoke towards him "Go sit down. I want you checked out by the medics for anything serious."
He saw Jinks jabbed a finger aimed at an armchair which he obeyed to hear the male add "Check for paramedics and for the driver if he's ok. Be sure to get the medics into here for checking out Mister Thunder."
Tom didn't have long to wait as two paramedics both females each carrying a duffle bag in one hand arrived following the guard going towards him to appear to run their devices over him. He found himself cooperating to the medical scans including their requests for his other side they called his Berserker side to come out he obeying without a complaint feeling himself annoyed for submitting to the medical scans despite knowing that the High Council made it clear to him not to submit to any medical scans by the First Ones period fully in his mind. He waited impatiently as the paramedics quit scanning him to eye the females as they went up towards Jinks having some look in his eyes that didn't match the look on his face. 
He got from one female "Mister Thunder is fine physically without any injury from the car explosion. He'll require some rest before doing anything physical."
He saw Jinks nodded his head watching the females leave as he willed forwards the Berserker side to broadcast within Jinks' mind "The driver was seen shutting the door and running away from car which I figured out something wrong was going to happen. I managed to use my physical strength to open the car's door to get out just before the explosion blew."
Jinks he heard spoke firmly while eyeing him as he quit the mind scanning "Will that status away now."
Tom found himself obeying to get up from the armchair to blurt to his annoyance "Victoria is going to have a hissy fit on this stupid car explosion happening to me in question."
Tom got Jinks speaking "Come with me to the garage now. I'll personally see you home to daughter mine."
He gave up an Hmph sound and wordlessly followed Jinks into the elevator to feel the thing going up instead of obeying to the male's garage command. Jinks he saw glared at one of the elevator's guards to get them avoid looking at the male in the eyes. He felt the elevator stop walked out to discover it led to Jinks' residence as he willed forwards the Berserker while following Jinks and giving off growling noises. Tom found Jinks kept his mouth shut on his Berserker side was in control this time as he followed the male to the dining room to find the familiar lawyer there that frowned seeing him.
He glared at the lawyer as Jinks was heard "What's going on now?"
The lawyer he glared at made the sign for mind walking towards Jinks to mind scan the male while hearing the Highlander broadcasting within Jinks' mind "I must apologize on the behalf of the High Council. Their the responsible party for this car explosion to happen to Mindbender in question."
Tom growled in response to continue to hear from the lawyer "The High Council have via word of mouth made it seem like Mindbender's opponent's family is behind the car explosion. The cops and presses have taken the bait and is in process of doing something unflattering towards this fighter's family at the moment. That's all I can say as ordered by the High Council excuse me."
Tom quit the mind scanning to eye the lawyer while flexing a clawed hand in the Highlander's direction. He felt Jinks grab his arm and pulled him not resisting out of the dining room. Tom's growling became louder finding Jinks ignoring the noises to go to the library room. Once inside Tom was forced to kneel and found Jinks shutting the doors as he felt the urge to kill hitting him making him feeling like wanting to assassinate someone. 
Jinks he heard spoke firmly "Will that status away now, Tom."
He found Jinks glaring at him while willing aside the Master to fold his arms he forced to obey to Jinks' order but felt the urge to kill still within him. He sensed the filming in the room quit as he bared his teeth in a direction as a light flashed showing Barry that went to sit into an armchair yanking out a book behind the pillow and thumping it onto the table. 
Jinks he heard spoke towards Barry giving him a glare "A twin car stunt was played onto me once. The paramedics with their equipment weren't just scanning me for any injuries like they were doing towards Tom. Instead they scanned my full body's system with both my mental ability in control and without it in control. They did this to Tom-"
Tom cut off Jinks' talk by giving off a loud growling noise to allow the Berserker side in control with his eyes shut and running clawed hands through his hair yanking at the strands. He heard Barry's voice tone speaking gibberish that seemed compelling to find himself willing aside the Berserker side to the Builder's voice command to keep his eyes shut while forcing himself to mediate seemingly lengthy. Tom wound up still mediating away with an angry look on his face and hands clenching and unclenching into fists back and forth despite urges to kill running through him making him annoyed. He heard nothing from Barry or Jinks opened his eyes to find the Builder gone from the room but the male was sitting in an armchair reading a book. He gave up a soft growl and went to sit into an armchair picking up a book feeling his mood still there. 
Tom shifted towards the doors as if drawn to find Willingham standing there that signed "Master I observed Mister Thunder is still angry by the way he's staring at the book seemingly lengthy and appeared to be not reading it-"
He gave up a roar interrupting Willingham's signing to find the butler formed a widen eyed look and faded from view as he threw the book in his hand that landed where the male was as he willed forwards the Berserker side. He began pacing back and forth in front of Jinks sensed watching him.
Jinks he sensed eyed him to hear "Tom."
Tom roared twisting his form to face Jinks while thrusting a hand in the male's direction seeing him having the Master in control while giving off the command "Jinks to me."
He found Jinks refused to budge instead calmly walked up towards him.
Tom felt the urge to kill still strong with him putting a hand on Jinks' neck as the male slammed a hand onto his chest while swatting aside his hands from touching his neck repeatedly. He stiffened as he smelled ocean salt air within his nostrils to find himself and Jinks back onto the sandy island from the looks of it seen to will aside his Berserker side as if compelled as he saw Jinks' Master ability willed aside. Jinks he felt removed his hand off his chest in a fast move as he swung fists, feet and legs aimed at the male in karate moves. He found Jinks counterattacked in the twin moves finding himself seemed more interested in fighting off an urge to kill in karate instead of trying to kill the male and he fighting back. Tom kept up the fighting seemingly lengthy even with the sunlight gone and night vision flaring in his eyesight as water overtook the sandy island. He felt himself tired unexpectedly from the fighting to have an enough collapse onto his knees on the water while gasping for breath panting hard. 
Tom kneeling spoke while gasping "Thanks I needed that."
He found Jinks didn't say a word to find themselves back into Jinks' residence from the looks of it into the hallway to see Willingham next to him that spoke "Miss Montreal is currently in residence at the moment in the spare bedroom awaiting Mister Thunder's appearance. She seemed hysterically upset when she arrived to here via her own transportation and threw a fit when told that her husband was occupied with you at the moment. I'm ordered to say that you have permission to tell Miss Montreal what has you both occupied for hours actually."
Tom felt Jinks' help using inhuman strength stronger than his own forcing himself into a standing position as he was still gasping for breath. Tom felt Jinks helped him to Victoria's bedroom to knock onto the door. He waited as the door opened in a fast move showing Victoria with tears in her eyes that darted out to hug him in a fast move he collapsing underneath her hug seeing she was upset. He felt himself too tired to stand up anymore as Jinks with Victoria's help helped him get up and into the bedroom onto the bed to lie down and felt them both remove his clothes but left his underwear shorts on out of modesty towards him. He saw Victoria was his last sight as he passed out unconscious out cold conking himself out.

Tom came to finding a hand patting his face he finding himself lying on the couch again and found the hand was Willingham giving him a glare. 
He shook off sleep to glare at Willingham who spoke "Mister Thunder kindly go to the dining room for nourishment to be taken now."
He obeyed to get up from the couch finding Willingham giving off a Tsk sound which he sighed and found his sweatpants slung over the couch to grab them putting them on over his underwear shorts. He ignored Willingham to go the dining room to find Victoria in there typing away on the laptop. Tom sighed and without a word towards Willingham giving him a golden eyed glare went to sit down opposite from Victoria. He got thrust his familiar herbal tea drink in a cup with a straw this time instead of his familiar bottle. Tom took his time slurping up the drink while making loud slurping noises he finding Victoria ignoring him to continue on typing. He once done went to Jinks' bedroom door to find Jinks standing in the doorway facing Willingham that gave up a Tsk sound he saw had the Master in control.
Jinks he heard spoke "Spare me of how slow I was with my morning routine."
He saw Jinks glaring at Willingham as he willed forwards his Berserker side to find the butler faded from view in response.
He heard Jinks snarl "Typical butler never explaining anything to me."
Tom spoke mentally broadcasting within Jinks' mind "Typical butler is scared of me and afraid I'll harm him."
Tom saw Jinks spotted him as he stood with his arms folded and eyes narrowed in a glare. Jinks he saw felt his scarred cheek at his clawed finger gesture to see the male willed the Master aside he willing aside his Berserker side. 
Tom spoke sensing Willingham behind him heard whispering gibberish "Do you know how long you were out asleep like I was?"
Jinks he saw walked up towards him only to halt to look up in his eyes finding the male not afraid as usual. 
He spoke looking at Jinks back sensing Willingham still manipulating him to speak "They say three days straight for me lying still without the tossing and turning. Willingham did see you tossing in your sleep when he checked onto you but was ordered to let you sleep some more till now."
He continued feeling himself annoyed "I developed my sick look on the fourth day of bed while tossing around which Victoria woke me up and insisted I get some nourishment. I already had it and was backing up your butler's orders for you to be up and awake. So hit the dining room."
Jinks he glared at didn't comment a response went to the dining room which on arrival the male got Snowy onto his shoulder yowling in a friendly tone while rubbing her face onto his ear. Tom removed Snowy to cuddle the cat in his arms who purred in response. He saw Jinks went to sit down at the table and forced himself to take in nourishment the male noticing Victoria at the table typing onto a laptop with a concentration look on her face and ignoring her Father staring at her. Tom felt Snowy squirm in his arms put the cat down and went to sit down opposite from Victoria to wave a hand waving near Jinks' face to eye the male. 
He spoke "When's the last time you saw Victoria typing down a story in the dining room hmm?"
Tom eyed Jinks who sighed loudly and got up leaving the dining room he following to find the male going to the gym room. He willed forwards the Berserker to mentally get Jinks thrown backwards to land onto his clawed hand at arrival to the gym room to put the male down and waving a finger aimed at him in some no gesture. Jinks he glared at gave up a loud Hmph and went to the library he followed while shutting the doors behind him and going to kneel onto the floor with eyes shut and Berserker side willed aside. Tom mediated seemingly lengthy before getting up to sit in the armchair staring at the floor ignoring the noises all around him to find the lights blinking overhead making him annoyed. 
He looked up to hear a familiar ahem noise to stand up finding Willingham at the doorway who spoke "Mister Thunder please do something about Miss Montreal and her obsession with the typing onto the laptop enough for her to eat the meal prepared for her. She hasn't had a break from doing the typing to attend to personal needs at the moment and is reeking from the smell of her."
He spoke loudly "I'll handle this, Jinks. I already handled this matter before but it requires a certain mating ritual to distract her enough to attend to her hygiene with me accompanied her in that matter."
Tom found himself glaring at the butler who spoke "Sorry think of doing something else than that mating ritual. I got my orders in question."
He flared his Berserker side to get Willingham fading from view to hear "I used physical force onto daughter mine to get into the shower even with clothes on her form with the water running. She got the message enough to focus onto her hygiene. I managed to steal her laptop and hid it into my bedroom she's forbidden from going into there while she's taking residence in my home. If you like you can steal her laptop while I go throw daughter mine into the shower."
Tom wound up giving Jinks a glare with growling noises sounding in a threatening tone to see Jinks' blue eyes fade from view showing them all white with a familiar smirk on the male's face. He wound up willing aside his Berserker ability and holding up his hands in a surrender gesture while forming a frown on his face eyeing Jinks. 
Jinks he eyed warily resumed the Human blue eyed look to get the male speaking "You have a better idea for Victoria since mating is out of question and you obviously don't like my idea anyway?"
He saw Jinks folded his arms and spoke "I already tried that laptop hiding trick onto Victoria a few times. I hid that thing into my own room set aside in her apartment for me to decorate it anything I want and she oath that she'll stay out. She broke the oath and found her in my own room seated on the couch with the laptop on her lap she typing away. I keep finding her parked anywhere in the apartment wherever I hid the laptop she typing away obsessed like. I suspect that she'll be in your room typing away anyway."
Tom paused as Jinks spoke "Have you tried to toss out that laptop in question or leave the apartment with it in hand?"
He wound up shaking his head in a no gesture and made himself to look nervous followed by speaking from memory "Sorry Victoria laid down the law that I was to leave her laptop alone intact and not take it out of the apartment or out of where she put it. She sort of used her feminine wills to make me regret the thievery including using her Master abilities she calls them onto me to avoid me harming her. She made me oath I wouldn't use my Berserker side onto her. I guess you'll have to throw her into the shower with me there to make sure she cleans herself including making sure that Willingham doesn't have to spy onto us."
Jinks he eyed without a word walked out of the library room he following to reach the dining room to smell an awful smell to gag out an ugh sound. He heard nothing from Jinks as the male without a word entered the dining room finding Victoria still typing away who didn't notice him entering the room. Jinks he saw went to Victoria to grab her by the throat and yanked her off the chair smelling the stink getting worse making him want to gag. He found Victoria sputtering protests on wanting to type some more which Jinks ignored to drag her protesting to her bedroom to get inside with him following. Jinks he eyed kept the hand hold onto Victoria's neck finding her gagging from his tight hold he finding the male ignoring her use of the karate and Master abilities onto his hand to free herself he appearing to be ignoring the pain. 
He found Jinks dragged Victoria into the bathroom to the shower stall to give him a glare while speaking "Remove her clothes now."
Tom obeyed to smell the stink making him want to gag some more but refrained from forming the expression on his face till once Victoria was naked to see Jinks got his daughter into the shower. He in a fast move stripped his clothes and joined Victoria in the shower with her while turning on the water to her heat toleration levels to find Jinks had released his hold onto Victoria's neck. Tom found Jinks shut the shower stall's see through glass door pushing himself against it while sensed staring at him soaping Victoria where the stinky smell was he sensing her Father glaring. He continued to soap Victoria finding her eyes forming a Human blue look and looking like she was upset to him by her facial expression and eyes shutting in response to ignore him soaping her with the soap. Tom cleaned Victoria all over with the soap including touching her breasts and fondling the nipples she appearing to be ignoring him doing the touch while keeping her eyes shut with her familiar upset expression on her face. Tom heard a rap on the door while he was kissing Victoria on the lips as he shifted to look at Jinks giving him glare. Tom without a word resumed washing Victoria all over with the water ignoring Jinks looking before cleaning himself with the soap he sensed the male disgusted to watch. Victoria he eyed with a smirk kept her eyes shut as he washed the soap off his form followed by walking towards the shower door Jinks backed up while pulling her out of the stall as the male held the clothes for her. 
He pulled a towel off the heated wall rack and dried Victoria all over with it before whispering in her ear he ignoring Jinks eavesdropping "You're beautiful. I love touching you all over. I can't wait for when I'm allowed to have you in a mating wise way."
Tom dried himself with the towel to put it away then followed by taking the clothes one at a time from Jinks' hands to expertly put them onto Victoria. He smirked seeing Victoria dressed in a short black dress that highlighted her legs making him happy seeing that. Tom got Victoria to put on her high heels followed by putting her down on a stool at the vanity and brushed her hair with a hairbrush she heard sighing loudly from it. He felt Jinks watching which he continued ignoring the male's staring and his naked status to gently brushed Victoria's black hair into a hairstyle. Tom brushed Victoria's hair while noticing Jinks holding clothes for him. Jinks he saw didn't say a word as he went up to him and took the clothes and shoes to put them on his form he finding was a suit with a tie entirely in black color. Tom found Jinks transported out by a light show to his relief as he resumed brushing Victoria's hair. He put down the hairbrush to rub Victoria's back in a massaging way feeling her relax from the touch. Tom leaned down and kissed Victoria's neck feeling her hand touching his forehead while seeing the Master was in control in the mirror from eyeing her making him annoyed as he blinked his eyes to come to feeling her hand slapping him on the cheek while hearing her words seemed distorted to him as he felt his familiar urge to kill gone from him. Tom pleaded towards Victoria who walked away realizing with a start he killed someone to hear a gunshot behind him to stiffen. Tom looked as if drawn to see a whitest figure looking like Jinks making his senses blare warning to block a shooter he saw was a male spitting blood he figured he tried to kill hence Victoria's bad reaction towards him. Tom heard Victoria's voice sounding distorted as he formed confusion on his face followed by pulled towards another direction. He stumbled a bit to put his hand onto the sidewalk as if drawn to find his hand landed onto a bullet he gripped and didn't resists as Victoria got her hand touching his forehead again he blinking his eyes to find himself lying on the couch again with a dream running through his mind. Tom recalled the dream fully in his mind he found himself looking around while in his mind unnoticed by the restaurant's patrons to notice them whispering and jabbing fingers in a direction he looked to see Victoria seated in a booth with himself opposite from her. He frowned finding himself and Victoria were holding hands and appearing to be obvious to the staring and pointing and appeared to be looking like they were a young couple in love from the looks of it. He frowning to find a waiter stopping by their table speaking an ahem noise loudly. 
He watched as Victoria and himself separated hands to focus onto the waiter speaking in a low voice tone "Behavior such as that hanky panky you're displaying isn't appropriate in this restaurant. My manager has asked you to leave quietly before he calls the cops."
He stiffened seeing himself's eyes were unfocused as if zoned out towards Victoria while looking at the waiter. 
Victoria he shifted to eye looked calmly who spoke as he felt murderous rage towards her for manipulating him "You do know of a proper restaurant for us to continue this hanky panky behavior you call it?"
He found Victoria seemed calm as he kept the glare aimed at her to find the waiter gulping and then leaned forwards he hearing the male whispering in a lower toned voice appearing to be naming a place he heard including hearing "Its a bar down the street that doesn't have any complaints of hanky panky behavior as long as its reserved for lips only and no where else from what I've heard of them. Sorry I can't be of any help regarding that bar in question. I'm just repeating what I heard."
Tom found Victoria taking himself's hand he still staring at her with some pleading expression on his face ignoring the waiter and walked out pulling himself out of the restaurant. He finding himself following to see Victoria kissing himself on the lips once outside on the sidewalk she appearing to be enjoying the kiss while he was looking zoned out while staring at her spinelessly. Tom growled softly eyeing Victoria and himself kissing each other to eye a drunk as if drawn to see the male pull out a handgun and aim it at his wife making his eyes wide as the drunkard snarled some vulgar language word aimed at females shocking him while loudly cocking the gun. He eyed the drunkard to find Tom in a fast speed move after Victoria put a hand over his forehead with the Master seen in control had managed to thrust her behind him shielding her while zoned out staring at the male drunk waving his handgun towards him. He eyed the scene finding his rage taking control to eye the drunkard to find himself trying to use his hypnotic voice talent to talk the drunk out of shooting. He continued to watch as the drunkard refused to budge from his wanting to shoot and vulgarity aimed at females before eyeing himself as if drawn to find he had quit the zoned out look and had willed forwards his Berserker side. He exhaled a breath as he eyed the drunkard to find the male hitting the ground with form still and appeared to be knocked out unconscious despite displaying a bloody look via eyes and ears. He saw himself willing aside the Berserker side seeing himself smirk who got slapped on the face by Victoria looking angry. 
He heard from Victoria "You bastard! You didn't have to do that to that poor man!"
Tom growled from Victoria's wording to realize with a start that the drunkard was put down to death by him using his mental ability as he heard himself spoke in a zoned out voice "Victoria please he was insulting you."
He eyed Victoria who walked away from a pleading himself speaking her name he following her to find the drunkard getting up while still holding the gun making him stiffened from that. Tom continued to stiffen seeing the scene as the drunkard fired the gun marksmanship aimed at his back to see a figure in white from recalling the scene with his eyes appear in a light show receiving the bullet. Tom gave off a groaning sound seeing the figure was Jinks clad in all white clothes as himself spun around with shock on his face as he saw Victoria looking. He groaned softly feeling his mood of anger stop while seeing Jinks with all white eyes and no scarring on his face but face looking distorted despite clear moments to go up towards the drunkard who spit out blood while again firing the gun finding it not affecting the male. Tom continued to watch as himself looked in Jinks' direction looking confused while seeing Victoria looking confused at the same time. 
He heard in response "That's odd that drunkard is up and awake firing bullets aimed at us but I don't feel them hitting me."
He stiffened from Victoria's words to find the drunkard running off after throwing the handgun aimed at Jinks which it went through him to land with a clatter onto the sidewalk he finding the male chasing the drunken male appearing to not be drunk. He found himself and Victoria running away in another direction as the dream went black and he woke up with a start. Tom snarled out a growl while getting up from the couch to go the hallway to go to the dining room to spot Jinks appeared into a lightshow while Victoria wasn't in the room. He watched as Jinks pulled out a pearl necklace from his pocket and placed it onto Victoria's laptop. He sensed Victoria behind him turned to glare at her ignoring him enter the dining room to hear a loud Hmph sound from her. 
Tom frowned while peering at Victoria from in the doorway was clad in sweats who he saw stomped towards the laptop picking up the pearl necklace and held it up towards Jinks while speaking "Daddy depose of this thing, Tom gave me to make up for his nastiness he did last night."
He felt rage hitting him glared at Victoria with arms folded and hands fisted to hear "I'm disappointed daughter mine. That necklace belonged to Katherine I placed onto your laptop. I'm disgusted that you rejected the necklace thinking Tom gave it to you. So hand it over since if obvious that jewelry isn't your thing now."
He saw Jinks held up a hand as Victoria appeared to gulp and without a word handed him the necklace he snatched from her hand and got up from the chair walking out of the dining room passed him standing in the hallway the male ignoring him. He followed Jinks to his bedroom finding the male ignoring him as he entered the room going to the closet to throw the pearl necklace into the top drawer he saw. Tom stood watching Jinks from the closet's doorway as the male slammed the drawer shut before walking out slamming the closet doors and further ignoring him to stomp to the gym room he finding the male going there. Tom followed Jinks once reaching the gym room doors to find the male yanking them open to find Barry inside giving him a golden eyed glare. Jinks he saw ignored Barry to walk inside doing his Kata around the Builder standing in the middle of the room while glancing at him standing in the doorway with his arms folded watching him do karate. He saw Jinks kept up the Kata till he heard Barry's familiar gibberish to find himself compelled to go into the room shutting the doors while seeing Barry limping out. He sensed the filming stop to find Jinks in the gym room pause from doing karate he glimpsing the doors humming sound coming from them while seeing Barry no where in the room. 
Tom found himself glaring at Jinks finding the male glaring at him back which the male spoke "Spill it Tom on what you're upset about!"
He willed forwards his Berserker ability to give off a growling noise making Jinks' blue eyes disappear within the male to see a male in Jinks' mind seated on a golden chair with the male's face and wearing a suit of all white. He recalled the High Council referred sightings of that male as Angel of Death despite the Meritanians refusing to further explain further on the subject. He discovered within Jinks' mind the Angel of Death was referred as Guardian of Life and Death including Barry seen giving the male an exchange of clothes for him to do the assassination of the drunkard. 
Tom blared within Jinks' mind "Your that Angel of Death that drunkard was shooting at that took the bullets for Victoria and I including killing him. Don't deny that Guardian of Life and Death status for I see it in your mind including Barry manipulating you to exchange your clothes for that status."
He heard Jinks mentally spoke in response sensing Guardian of Life and Death quiet in the male's mind "What are you going to be doing about this since I don't deny this anyway?"
Jinks he saw glared at him which he willed aside the Berserker side to spoke while still sensing the recorders off as if compelled he blurted to his shock "Walls and Kiddy got a hold of me after I found a bullet twin to the one in your dresser drawer I picked up from the ground after the drunkard ran off. They told me to keep my mouth shut about this Guardian of Life or Death status hitting you and not mention it to the High Council. The Meritanians claim that they'll mind wipe me if I talked to anyone they don't approve of, of this status. I'm not keen on getting mind wiped. I already went through such a mind wipe status before multiple times and don't attend to suffer it again."
Tom felt himself annoyed with what he said as he sensed the filming and recorders use again walk out of the room slamming the doors. He went to Victoria typing in the dining room to kiss her on the neck while moving her hair. Tom got Victoria giving him a glare with the Master in control as he found her slamming a hand on top of his forehead to come to hearing typing sounds again. He found himself seated in an armchair in Jinks' bedroom hearing typing sounds coming from the open closet making him furiously angry at Victoria manipulating him again. Tom felt rage to stomp out of the bedroom finding Jinks stomping inside who didn't appear to notice him. He felt himself itching to kill again followed Jinks inside the bedroom to find the male going into the closet. 
He heard Jinks give up a loud roar to hear "Get out now!"
Tom saw Victoria walking out to see her wearing a pearl necklace around her neck he glared at going to sit at the armchair. He stood with the Berserker side in control feeling his urge to kill hitting him as he heard slamming of closet doors finding Jinks getting into view. He saw Jinks held up a hand towards Victoria ignoring him and his angry mood to mentally order the male tossed backwards to get the male's throat grabbed him using karate to free himself. He found himself back onto the sandy ground surrounded by the ocean Jinks there accompanied him with the Master ability gone from him along with his Berserker side willed aside. Tom felt rage hitting him found Jinks seemingly angry attack him with his karate he counterattacking the male with twin moves. He kept the karate up till he felt himself much calmer to sense Jinks was still in a violent mood. He got a hand onto Jinks' upper chest right in the middle of the male's rib cage. He felt Jinks' angry mood going down as he kept his hand onto the male till he finding him folding his arms.
Jinks he frowned to stare at spoke calmly "Kindly remove your hand now."
Tom obeyed to find them both back into Jinks' bedroom to hear Jinks groan while finding Victoria still typing onto the laptop wearing the pearl necklace on her neck which he seeing the male went to her to tap her on the shoulder startling her with a gasp. 
He heard Jinks speak finding the male sounded calm "Take yourself and this thing out of my room now. My law on this room forbidden for you to enter still stands so get out."
He saw Jinks jerked a head towards the open double doors as he stood there with arms folded only clad in sweatpants and nothing else on his form to find the window wasn't glowing of sunlight. Victoria he glared at without a word folded the laptop in half and carried it by a handle out of the room finding Willingham shutting the double doors while giving him a Tsk sound. 
Tom snarled blocking Victoria's way "I don't find it amusing that you're manipulating me using your Master abilities to do this and that. So quit it now! I'm struggling with urges hitting me."
He glared at Victoria to hear Willingham speaking gibberish to come to feel Snowy purring on top of his front while finding himself lying on the couch again making him annoyed. Tom gave up a roar to get Snowy off his front giving off a loud yowl. He sat up feeling his mood bad again to find Willingham at his side that gave up a Tsk sound. 
Tom glared at Willingham that spoke "Shouldn't you be greeting Master Jinks this morning?"
He didn't say a word stomped passed the butler to go to Jinks' bedroom finding the doors open and spotted Jinks walking out of a doorway to hear a whining squeal sound. 
He found a Listener appearing in front of Jinks speaking in Basic "Murderer, you killed her by throwing her out the window."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to mentally speak "Listener, forget that murder now."
He eyed the Listener who shook his head before disappearing from view. 
Tom mentally broadcasted within Jinks' mind "I forgot to mention that I can mind wipe people myself."
He stood in the room with the double doors shut as he sensed the filming stop to feel it resume as he willed aside the Berserker side and spoke "I put Victoria's laptop into your closet where I spotted the jewelry. I did that while she was in the bathroom attending to her needs I making her oath that she'll do it."
He felt himself annoyed with what he admitted but refrained from showing it as he added "Victoria seems to have some kind of sixth sense cued to her laptop enough to figure out where it's hiding which is how I observed her finding it."
Tom found himself annoyed with what he said as Jinks spoke "Tom, don't ever lie to me. I can detect lies."
Tom found Jinks walking up to looking up as he glared back while looking down at him before speaking as if compelled to sense Willingham behind him speaking whispered gibberish "Alright Victoria used the threat of not willing to mate with me if I didn't tell her where I hid her laptop. You confessed to Victoria once to using abstinence towards urges of mating with females. I'm having a hard time trying to keep that vow despite itching to do it towards Victoria. Your butler keeps getting himself underfoot whenever I'm trying to get such a mating ritual done onto Victoria who's balking it repeatedly. She and the butler's help have successfully denied me of that opportunity repeatedly enough to get me furious with them."
Jinks he heard spoke "You don't sound furious but desperate to me."
He spoke "I'm a man I have needs I need a woman to provide. Or in High Council speak I'm a male I have needs I need a female to provide. I don't find it funny being denied this opportunity repeatedly despite feeling the urges hitting me. I do know you have urges but have managed to avoid the mating ritual so talk on what you've been doing."
He heard an ahem sound to find Willingham off his right to glare at the butler while hearing Jinks speaking "Something I can do for you since this is a private conversation?"
He glared at Willingham who spoke "Mister Thunder, Miss Montreal asked you to meet her into her bedroom for a private talk ASAP."
He heard Jinks spoke while appearing to address him "Just use the same wording you told me towards daughter mine on this mating issue. Perhaps she'll get it what you're suffering from. If not then seek me out for this abstinence lesson."
He heard an ahem from Willingham to glare at the butler who jerked his head in the direction of hallway to grumble loudly "This better be worth my time since I'm obviously suffering from urges like mad."
Tom heard nothing in response to his wording sensed himself followed to go to Victoria's room sensing the follower was Willingham getting him annoyed. 
He went to door rapping a fist onto it and yelled "Victoria! Willingham claims that you wanted to see me!"
He waited as the door opened to be blocked from entering by Victoria blocking with her hands while speaking "Not in the room Tom."
He spoke while giving her a glare seeing Willingham in the hallway standing with eyes golden "I'm a man I have needs a woman like you need to provide."
Tom got a sound of disgust by Victoria who spoke "Needs such as forcing yourself onto me in some rape?"
He spoke feeling his mood plummet "I don't know what you're talking about. I did no such thing."
He glared at Victoria who glared at him in response she speaking "Then find yourself sleeping on the couch from now on. Don't disturb me while I'm typing."
He opened his mouth to talk only to feel compelled to shut it finding Victoria backing up slamming the door in a fast move with a bang sound. He glared at Willingham that faded from view as he felt his ability to talk hit gave out a roar sounding of frustration loudly. Tom went to the gym room feeling his mood become worse off which he inside proceeded to attack the boxer's bag due to feeling like needing to do it. He attacked the boxer's bag seemingly lengthy till he got fed up and stormed to Victoria's room.
Tom banged a fist onto the door yelling "Victoria! Let me in now!"
He found his voice fine while yelling repeatedly banging the door. He found the door opened to get blocked from going inside by Jinks body blocking him who had willed forwards the Master. Tom felt his mood plummet further to find Jinks appeared to be angry to slam a hand onto his chest. He smelled salt air to find Jinks had willed aside the Master by the eye look as he yanked Jinks' hand off his chest. 
Jinks spoke "Why is Victoria telling me that you raped her?"
Jinks he saw glared at him as he spoke loudly "I didn't rape her!"
He saw Jinks cock his head in a gesture he figured the male detected that he lied as the male spoke "Then if you didn't do that then what's going on?"
Tom wound up pacing back and forth he sensing Jinks watching him while running hands through his hair yanking at the strands. 
Tom snarled out "Victoria is angry at me for what I did her to her son. I tried to kill her son out of anger at the High Council for using her as a breeder something I didn't want to happen period."
He heard from Jinks as he paused from pacing "You're lying, Tom on what you're saying so talk now!"
Tom saw Jinks give him a glare while sensing himself filmed to hold up a hand while baring his teeth aimed at the male struggling to will forwards his Berserker side he finding it kept away and refusing to budge to his mental orders as he felt his mind scanned to his annoyance. Tom glared at Jinks to see the male's blue eyes fade from view as if to allow the Guardian of Life and Death ability through. He felt fear hitting him unexpectedly formed it on his face as he kneeled while lowering his hand sensing the filming quit. Tom shivered as Jinks appeared to keep the Guardian in control while glaring at him to stiffen sensing Victoria nearby from senses blaring of her nearness.
Tom spoke forcing himself not to appear to notice Victoria's presence by focusing onto Jinks "I admit it I was angry when I got back from the High Council's presence after they ordered me to give up a male offspring of hers alive. I allowed anger to take control when I got a hold of Victoria and raped her while sensing the scene being recorded. I admit it I can sense myself filmed or recorded. I saw Victoria as an object to own like I saw with a female I was paired to before her and did the same raping ritual onto Thura as she's called. The High Council did tell me off that the rape was wrong and got me to admit it. I'm just too proud to admit this to Victoria for I'm humiliated for I did this to her. I made an oath at the wedding ceremony that I would see Victoria as my mate, my equal something I'm not doing to keep the oath."
Tom rocked his form with tears spilling from his eyes as he sensed the salt air gone to find himself and the male in the hallway sensing Victoria watching from senses cued towards her. 
He heard Jinks speaking loudly above his wailing noises "Tom, stop that wailing now!"
Tom obeyed cutting off his noises while staring at Jinks. 
Tom flinched from the glare of Jinks eyeing him in the eyes as he sensed Victoria still around but hiding "I raped a female once out of grief of losing Katherine. Daughter mine is the result. The female turned out to be married to a male who had non Human beliefs that the Father of the child raises the child with no help from the Mother or her mate she's paired to. I raised Victoria alone. I know what your feeling Tom. I was humiliated when it came to me that I raped a female hence I doing abstinence towards urges of mating towards females. The High Council found out about this rape issue got me paired to select females with strict orders to let her control the mating which I have managed to do. I have managed to allow females over the years since the High Council's order to use me to get over their fear of mating after they suffer a rape. Now I suggest you submit to Victoria's authority when it comes to the mating issue or she won't get over her fear of the mating with you again. You get it my words Tom?"
Tom found himself understanding Jinks words made himself appeared to shake his head in a yes gesture with fear he felt within him while having the emotion within himself. 
Jinks added "Now get yourself to Victoria now."
He sensed Victoria hiding wound up getting up going to Victoria's door to knock onto it in a soft tone. Tom found the door stopped in his eyesight to find himself in an observation room belonging to the High Council with Victoria standing giving him a glare making him nervous. He exhaled a breath seeing the look on her face indicated she knew what he confessed to her Father including Jinks' confession involving rape. 
He felt humiliation running through him as he kneeled while eyeing Victoria in the eyes and forced himself to speak words he didn't want to speak but spoke them firmly "I submit to your authority Victoria on the issue of mating. I raped you when I know it's wrong to do it. It's not the first time I did this to a paired female. I did this stunt onto Thura which the High Council got involved and told me off that it was wrong to do it. They as a result forbidden me to mate with Thura again despite they using her as a breeder with other males. I'm not over my anger of Thura used as a breeder hence my nasty reaction towards your son when they had to keep me from killing him. I was very angry when I arrived back from the High Council's presence enough to think of you as piece of property including raping you as a way of doing control over you. I made an oath at the wedding ceremony that I would see you as my wife my equal which I've broken. I'm sorry I broke the oath."
He focused onto Victoria as if drawn to find her speaking "Strip yourself of your clothes and lie on the bed now."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed to do her verbal order while then laid himself onto the bed. He stared at the ceiling to wide his eyes of shock finding it wasn't black looking but see through with Jinks standing on it he kept his eyes onto the male as Victoria had her way with him mating wise. 
Tom's eyes watered with tears once Victoria was done with her mating ritual onto him making him feel more upset and humiliated to think to himself "She doesn't love or accept me."
He stiffened feeling Victoria kissing him on the lips in a hungry kissing way he balked on moving in response to keep his form stiff. 
He shut his eyes stiffening from Victoria's kissing to hear from Victoria during a break of kissing "Tom I love you dearly with my life! Just talk to me on what problem is bothering you please! Please Tom, talk to me! I'll always love you even if you turn out to be an assassin with mental abilities! I don't give a damn about the assassin ability your Berserker side seems to have! I love you Tom!"
He sighed softly as Victoria resumed kissing him on the lips he hearing her words were spoken with a firm voice tone sounding serious which he wound up wrapping his arms on Victoria's back in a tight hug hold to break off the kiss while speaking firmly while eyeing her in the eyes "I love you, Victoria."
He added while seeing Victoria's eyes had acceptance in them but had a questioningly look "I admit it I do have mental abilities with the Berserker side in control to kill someone in an assassination method. I was used as an assassin of the High Council due to desperation of wanting acceptance from anyone including doing anything to gain that. I killed too many people enough to feel pleasure from it in some addicting way. The High Council managed to get me out of this assassin job and off this addiction to learn how to function among the Humans or as the group calls the species First Ones. I still suffer from urges to kill from time to time despite trying to refrain myself from doing it."
Tom groaned softly with his admittance to shut his eyes as he heard "I still love you Tom. I don't care about you being an assassin or you a servant of the High Council. I know you too well that you have humanity in you that makes you worth loving. I do accept you regardless of who you are as long as you're by my side as my husband and my equal in this marriage. I didn't marry for you a publicity stunt. I married you for you for how you care about me to see me as Victoria a person with feelings and not as someone else."
Tom sighed to find Victoria kissing him again to break off the kiss feeling himself itching to mate again to speak "I desire to mate with you."
He found themselves transported out of the room to find them both in Victoria's bedroom in her apartment to groan softly while sensing himself filmed. Tom kept his eyes shut as he waited for Victoria to make the first move to feel her hand touching his sensitive part. He hissed a breath keeping his eyes shut forcing himself to restrain himself as she was felt exploring his sensitive part all over and not sparing the most secret spots on it. Tom sighed softly once her hands left him to feel Victoria straddling him while feeling her hand patting him on the cheek.
He heard "Tom open your eyes please."
Tom sighed and heard the begging in Victoria's voice tone obeyed to avert his eyes while staring at the ceiling sensing a Listener was there by a blurriness shape of a manoid moving in his eyesight. 
He heard from Victoria again "Tom, look at me please."
He obeyed to find her eyes had pleading in them to frown while eyeing her to see her lean down kissing him on the lips he kissing back while refraining from grabbing her despite the urge to mate hitting him. Tom sighed softly as Victoria broke off the kiss to find her adjusting position he keeping his eyes onto her and sighed again feeling her getting himself inside her. Tom kept his eyes onto Victoria as she rocked him he forcing himself not to roll his eyes from the feelings of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He moaned softly once spilling himself inside Victoria to get her sitting up and taking his hands to lead them to her breasts he sighed as she pressed them onto the area. Tom didn't say a word finding his hands fully covering her breasts to see her forming the Master in her eyes followed by glaring at the ceiling and waving a hand. He heard a whining squeal to see the Listener above appear to be asleep by Human all black eyes shut and form still as he felt the filming stop to his relief. He sighed as Victoria removed his hands and got off of him while feeling himself shiver from the loss of her surrounding his sensitive part. Tom rolled over while feeling tears spilling from his eyes as he groaned softly while rubbing hands onto his face he finding himself back onto the couch in Jinks' residence to hear an ahem sound while feeling a hand tapping him on the shoulder. 
He jerked his hands away rolling over to get thrust his sweats by Willingham who took while speaking "My orders towards you and Miss Montreal ends. See about taking a shower in Miss Montreal's private room. I do warn you that Miss Montreal didn't react very happily towards you raping her in question. Your reaction to the rape situation is twin to the reaction Miss Montreal displayed including running through various emotions with anger as one of them. So go do something about the smell of you."
Tom willed forwards his Berserker side in response to get Willingham giving him a golden eyed glare when he flexed his clawed hand towards the butler. He found Willingham refused to budge from his scare tactic of displaying his Berserker side to will that aside and found the butler gone from view. He picked up his clothes and without a word went to Victoria's room finding the door open and she no where in sight. He sighed and walked inside going into the bathroom finding her not in sight in there. Tom groaned and dumped his clothes onto the sink while glaring at himself in the mirror. He glared at his scarred cheek in the mirror to rub a hand over it feeling his mood plummet from the touch including remembering why he had the scar and why the High Council refused to have him have the marking removed. Tom gave up a growl in response sensing himself spied on to ignore the spying while glaring at himself in the mirror. He felt his mood become rage removed his hand and stepped back intending to bring his left hand fist onto the mirror onto only to feel a hand ironclad catch it that had strong strength despite his attempts to shake it. Tom felt a foot connect with the back of his knees making him kneel onto the heated floor to glare at the hands' owner he finding it was Victoria giving him an all black eyed glare making him bare his teeth in response. Tom glared at Victoria to find her thrusting his left hand away and stripping herself of her clothes he saw was just a nightgown and grabbing his arm to pull him up with great strength he shocked to feel from her. He exhaled a breath as Victoria got them both into the shower stall she turning on the water to her heat toleration levels that felt like lukewarm to him. He felt his mood still bad refrained from causing Victoria harm as she without the Master in control without a word grabbed the soap and soaped him all over not sparing his sensitive part and managed to with a glare with her throat clearing forced himself to kneel. Tom held up his hands finding her pouring a good dab of shampoo onto her own hand. He kept his urges to kill in check as Victoria rubbed her shampooed hands into his hair while feeling like she was massaging his head in a soothing motion. He sighed feeling his mood's angry mood simmering but felt his urges to kill lowering to roll his eyes as she got his hair shampooed. He sighed as she got him underneath the faucet's shower spray to run hands over his front over his bulging stomach muscles and sighed keeping his eyes shut feeling her hands were like massaging him including getting lower and lower. Tom didn't protest as Victoria's hand touched his sensitive part to rub and stroke with her fingers he sighing from her touch. Tom felt himself sad unexpectedly to shake from the emotion as Victoria's hand left his sensitive part. He felt himself wanting to cry tears found himself forced to kneel again which he found Victoria hugging him as he wrapped arms around her back side in response and buried his face into her front allowing the tears to flow seemingly lengthy. Tom didn't resist as Victoria broke off the hug to avert his eyes to stare at the shower stall's floor. He sighed softly as she kissed him on the lips he kissing her back in response then kept his eyes shut while sensing Victoria showering in the shower with him. 
Tom kept himself still due to feeling like needing to do it as he felt the shower water turn off followed by Victoria heard "Tom, never forget I love you."
He sighed softly feeling her hand taking his left hand to stiffen feeling where she was taking it. He jerked his hand out of her grip to open his eyes with a glare on his face as he felt his mood plummet further. 
Victoria he glared at spoke "Tom, my Father knows how you're feeling regarding that marking on your face. If I can't be the one to help you then I don't know who will."
He forced his left hand towards her and held it up while gritting his teeth as she ignored his hand and brought her hand to his scarred cheek. He stiffened baring his teeth from her touching him on the area but kept his hands to himself while lowering his left hand. Tom kept the glare aimed at Victoria he felt wasn't fully feeling the scar instead had her hand on the scarred area and not moving the coverage to rub. He continued to stiffen feeling his mood plummet as Victoria's hand was felt adjusting itself to have a finger tracing the scarring he recalled it was from a knife cutting him there. Tom kept the glare eyeing Victoria who he felt, felt the scar fully making himself itching to will Sinister through which he obeyed to the feeling to narrow his golden eyes aimed at her. Tom felt his control weakening gave off a soft growling noise as she removed her hand to kiss him fully on the lips he feeling his mood not for mating behaviors didn't kiss her back. He kept the growling noise as Victoria straddled him while feeling her hand on his sensitive part making him shut his eyes willing himself to be calm. He willed aside Sinister while feeling Victoria guiding himself to slip inside her. Tom felt Victoria sink down till he was fully inside her up to the hilt while feeling her hugging him in response as he breathed deeply through his mouth forcing himself to be calm despite his urge to kill hitting abruptly including his angry mood making him want to lash out in violence. He clenched his hands and unclenched them to force himself to put them onto her back feeling his nails digging into the area. 
He heard Victoria gasp out "Tom."
Tom gave up a roar feeling his rage taking control opened his eyes while willing forwards the Berserker side through to feel a feeling hitting his sensitive part as he ignored Victoria moving up and down him. He eyed the shower stall's glass walls while taking his hands off Victoria's back and rubbed them through his hair mostly focused onto what was connected to his head. Tom rubbed his head as he felt himself getting mating urges hitting him from Victoria rocking him. He shut his eyes allowing the mating urges to take control and willed aside the Berserker. He breathed deeply through his mouth as he felt himself spill inside Victoria to gasp of shock feeling an electrical charge hitting him that gave him feelings of pleasure running through him he didn't feel before. He exhaled a breath to sigh from the feeling running him to feel Victoria's hand firmly on his forehead to open his eyes finding her removing her hand to see her will aside the Master abilities. Tom gulped seeing her eyeing him with a glare as he didn't say a word instead stared at her with pleading on his face and eyes. He eyed Victoria who got up to shiver from her pulling him out and didn't protest as she took his hand and pulled him up with great strength he figured was inherited from Jinks. Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria pulled him from the shower and found her getting into clothes that appeared to be twin to her Veronica Thomas look making him grimace seeing it. 
He sighed as she handed him black folded clothing and shoes while speaking "Daddy's people arranged for a press conference outside his home building for both of us to take. Daddy wants us to tell the public on our terms of our points of views in this situation. So please Tom, do it for me."
He sighed and took the clothes from Victoria to put them on the counter finding her sitting down at the vanity table putting on makeup. Tom put on the black clothing he found was twin to the clothing he wore at one of her Veronica Thomas' events. He finding consisted of black jeans that hugged him a black t-shirt and a black leather jacket including black socks and the shoes were sneakers. 
He sighed as he put on the underwear shorts in the color of black to think to himself as he put on the clothes and shoes "I can't seem to get away from the color of black. I'm turning into Jinks with his obsession with that color whenever he travels around publicity wearing it."
Tom frowned once done to get handed a hairbrush by Victoria who spoke "Brush your hair and leave it down."
He sighed and took the hairbrush to brush his hair feeling the snarly tangles getting straightened up by his fast brushing he ignoring the pain it gave him when he pulled tightly. 
Tom eyed himself in the mirror to frown as Victoria he saw looked him up and down and added "This is your uniform your to wear whenever your accompanying me as Veronica Thomas."
He sighed to frown staring at her face dolled up in makeup as she took his hand and led him out of the bathroom to the bedroom's entrance to find Jinks there giving him an all black eyed glare while sensing anger from the male making him gulp. 
He gulped as Jinks spoke "Victoria."
He found Jinks kept his eyes onto him as Victoria was heard "Tom, something you want to say to me and Daddy?"
He sighed recalling what he said towards Thura for raping her she wound up angry at him and forbidden him to mate with her again she said it via her sign language talk an order the High Council enforced towards him no matter how many times he pleaded or begged for mating to be done. 
Tom spoke while glancing from Victoria and Jinks back and forth "I'm sorry."
He heard the desperation in his voice tone grimaced inwardly as Jinks he focused willed aside the Master ability and spoke while jabbing a finger aimed at him "Hurt my daughter again and I'll see that there's a permanent separation period-"
He found Jinks interrupted "Daddy!"
Tom frowned as Victoria he saw gave her Father a glare to hear from Jinks "Sorry daughter mine. I don't like to see you get hurt despite knowing that you can take care of yourself."
He formed a frown on his face while shifting to eye Jinks to find Victoria releasing his hand to hug her Father he seeing Jinks' glare once her eyes wasn't able to see the male's facial expression making him gulp. Tom gulped keeping the frown as Victoria quit the hug appearing to not know her Father's glare and took his hand he sighing as she led him to the elevator sensing Jinks not following which he heard a loud roar making him grimace fully on his face. Tom grimaced as Victoria got them both into the elevator to feel the thing going down she appearing to compose herself and forming a glaring expression that made him grimace. He heard a throat clearing noise to find it was from Victoria to quit the grimace to form an expression of a somewhat happy look with mouth forming a smirk to hear nothing from her. Tom kept the expression as the elevator stopped followed by she keeping a hand on his hand as she led the way across the lobby to the glass door entrance to go outside where the presses were gathered lights flashing becoming more blaring making him struggle to avoid squinting. 
He kept his eyes focused onto Victoria and on the crowd as she went to the microphone and spoke he hearing her "Good afternoon folks. Tom and I are here to address the rumors said about us within the city."
He felt the lights get more blaring blinding him and blocking his view of Victoria as she kept talking ignoring his distress "Yes Tom and I already had the wedding ceremony in King Winter's Kingdom."
He continued to hear Victoria talk as the lights' glare made his eyes water forcing him to put hands covering them "It was recorded so we have the recording being set for anyone who wishes to see it online my public website underneath my Victoria Montreal Thunder's link on the Veronica Thomas at dot com website-"
He heard Victoria cut her talk to hear "You could have asked Tom to display his other side he dubs Berserker instead of rudely shining lights onto him in some rude way for him to trigger that in control. So quit the lights now!"
He sighed hearing Jinks' voice sounding of fury in the tone to feel the lights' glare quit to his relief to remove his hands finding Jinks standing in front of him with back to him. Tom frowned as Jinks shifted to give him a glare and got from the male "Kindly display that Berserker side now since people are curious about it."
He obeyed to hear multiple gasping sounds along with presses lights flashing becoming more glaring making him will aside the Berserker to cover his eyes. Tom heard nothing more from Jinks to sense the lights quit which he lowered his hands to find Victoria hugging him in response while seeing her twist his form till sideways facing the presses while sensing multiple light shows. Tom sighed from Victoria's hug as he saw her looking at him with pleading in her eyes to hug her back to place his cheek on the side of her head finding her not protesting to that. Tom found Victoria's arms squeezing his sides in response to figure it was her signal to kiss her to find her kissing him back as he sensed the lights shows continued. Tom kept his face into a happy look as he repeatedly kissed Victoria over and over while seeing her forming that expression on her face but her eyes had pleading in them. Tom sighed as Jinks came into view to sense silence from the crowd and light shows from them quit as he saw the male had the Master in control who jabbed a finger aimed in his direction and pointed it towards a limo parked at the curb. He didn't say a word took Victoria's hand and went up to Jinks to hold up his left hand finding the male squeeze his hand in an ironclad grip shaking it before letting go he noticing Jinks' expression was of a glare. Tom gulped but kept his face composed as he and Victoria went to the limo to get inside he shutting the door and felt the vehicle driving into the city ignored by people driving in the streets traffic bad as usual. 
Tom groaned rubbing a hand over his eyes and speaking "Your Father is still furious with me with how I hurt you."
He got Victoria's hand touching his scarred cheek in response to growl feeling his mood plummet while removing his hand off his eyes. Tom glared at Victoria who he sensed was calmly touching him while giving off low growling noises. He growled softly feeling his mood quit plummeting as she kept her hand onto his scarred cheek. Tom found himself calming down unexpectedly finding Victoria's eyes displayed the Master in control he exhaled a breath once he was calm.
He didn't say a word as Victoria removed her hand and willed aside the Master to get her speaking "Tom there'll be others including presses that will be asking you questions regarding that mark on your face. There'll be others who'll want to touch you there like I touched you."
He gave up a hiss sound as Victoria kept speaking "Be warned of this that once in public your secrets of what makes you, you will always be questioned including stories made up about why you have your Berserker side. It's a plot for people mostly the tabloids for what's the newspaper world calls them to make money printing the most outrageous lie they can say to get people to buy their newspaper in question. Heed my warning Tom. It's not to take it lightly."
He hissed as Victoria added "The presses aka tabloids themselves are known notorious for getting couples together and then breaking them up with lies said about their coupling. Some of the tabloids have gone too far to have people down on their luck actors to be paid huge sums to make it seem like one of the couples was cheating another word for not keeping their oath in wedding vows. The hired actor is paid to act mating like towards the famous person in public just to try to break up the pairing and marriage of a couple known in public."
Tom gave up a hissing sound as Victoria continued "This stunt was reportedly played over and over towards my Father when he was married and in the public eye. Hence he cherishes his privacy very religiously at the moment. I do warn you that I did my research on this issue and found that the presses aka tabloids are still doing this stunt to this day and is still ongoing with this habit."
He bared his teeth in a glare as Victoria got her hand touching his cheek right over the scar again making his mood plummet. 
He eyed Victoria in the eyes to hear her "Tom, it won't be long till Hollywood comes calling for you to act based off your looks either your Human side or Berserker side."
Tom removed Victoria's hand off his cheek to speak "Hollywood? Tell him to go shove it, Victoria."
He shifted to lean back in the seat to get Victoria chuckling followed by speaking "I see you're still clueless on what Hollywood is actually."
He gave her a glare and willed forwards Sinister to speak "Enlighten me Victoria now."
He got in response "Hollywood isn't a who but a what. I meant the entertainment industry involving actors and actresses focused into the state of California that have an area dubbed by that name. That acting industry would come calling mostly using you to act in their acting jobs they hire you to act in mostly based off your looks of both Human and Berserker."
He gave up a sound of disgust as the limo arrived to their building to find presses gathered outside some of the people holding signs he read were involving marriage aimed at Victoria and himself. He felt annoyed didn't protest as Victoria thrust him a pair of sunglasses he put on finding them wraparound and got out of the limo following her to the car's back to his confusion but he hid it well. Tom eyed Victoria who opened the back part of the car to yank out a bag appearing to be holding her laptop from the size of it and got a throat clearing noise from her. Tom exhaled a breath to pull out his duffle bag and Victoria's suitcase to carry them hand in hand as she slammed the back part down. He wordlessly followed Victoria carrying her laptop through an aisle of presses held back by barricades they shouting various comments aimed at them both he ignored to find her going inside the building to the elevators. Tom took an elevator following Victoria to see her press a button he recognized didn't lead to their apartment's floor to speak an ahem sound loudly. 
He got Victoria speaking in response as the elevator doors shut "Excuse me just shutting the elevator's doors. Don't trust the public to spy onto us while I'm pressing the button to my apartment's floor. Besides it's a new policy I got from the manager in a letter when I went to check for mail. It appears the public have been spying people well known pressing the buttons to their apartment's floor before the elevator doors shut highlighted by the mirror on the walls. Management said that their in process of having the mirrors removed on a permanent basis."
Tom sighed softly as Victoria pressed the button to their floor to follow her out sensing himself filmed to speak an ahem sound loudly as they walked down the hallway passed apartment's scattered doors focused onto the right side. 
He heard from Victoria "I know what you're implying-"
He heard blared in his mind "It's Walls. The High Council ordered via middleman don't ask me why they came up with that weird name to have recorders placed in hallways of this building. It's due to safety issues they claim on that issue but won't further explain if the natives are aware of it or not. Sorry don't ask me to explain further on this anyway."
He sighed as Walls quit blaring to hear from Victoria "Nice Walls."
Tom sighed again to figure it was her code speak for Walls the Meritanian had broadcasted within her mind as he followed her to their apartment to find her waving a hand to see the door get ajar. 
Tom spoke "Don't you have a key?"
He eyed Victoria who without a word got inside the apartment to kick the door behind them along with dumping the suitcase and duffle bag onto the floor to fold his arms while speaking an ahem sound in a firmer voice tone.
He glared at Victoria who produced a key from her pocket and got her speaking while looking at him with the Master in control "Walls asked me to demonstrate for the High Council watching via recorders that I can unlock the door. Excuse me while I lock it."
Tom eyed the door in response to hear the locks to the deadbolts click in response while seeing the chain remaining hanging. He sighed and went to the chain to put it in the lock after a few frustration moments of trouble but managed to figure out how to do it himself. He eyed Victoria who groaned loudly speaking "I need to type but I can't do it in this getup. I'll be in the bedroom with my suitcase. Put you're fighting junk in your own room till we figure out what to do with it."
Tom sighed and picked up his duffle bag to follow Victoria pulling her suitcase on the rugged floor by handles to the hallway that led to his private room and their bedroom of the two bedroom two bathroom apartment with a porch that highlighted a view of the city in the living room. Tom went into his room to toss the duffle bag into it and went into the bedroom to find Victoria in the bathroom appearing to be carefully taking off her pantsuit. He sighed and followed her example to take off his uniform he figured he'll call the clothes and shoes then once naked placed them into the clothes' closet set for him before yanking out a pair of sweatpants in grey color he put on and left the room. Tom went into his room to pick through the duffle bag putting it into the room's small closet and slammed the door. He heard nothing in response from his slamming went to his boxers' bag and began hitting it with his fists while kicking it as he noticed it was twin to the one Jinks had in his gym room. Tom shrugged off the comparison and began doing karate onto the bag that was hung in the corner of the room sensing himself filmed making him annoyed with that feeling. Tom forced himself to ignore the feeling as he did the karate then went in the middle of the room to do Talon's taught Kata he finding to his memory was twin to the one Jinks did in the gym room in front of him he ignored the comparison again and then did his drills making sure he focused onto both sides. Tom felt a compulsion to leave the bedroom felt himself annoyed to felt compelled to go into Victoria's bedroom to find a male kneeling next to her she looking panicky and the male looking at him while making a calm down gesture. He sighed recognizing the male clad in a jeans and rugby top as always whenever seeing him as Mavis Petersen who he noticed Victoria got one of the male's hands in a tight death grip. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria who appeared to be zoned out not seeing him as Mavis was heard using Builder's gibberish as he felt himself compelled to go towards her. He found Mavis switching with him to have Victoria's hand tight onto his hand she appearing to look too fearful to notice the switcheroo. 
Tom eyed Mavis who made a sign indicating of talk and jabbed a finger towards her which he eyed Victoria and spoke "Victoria, its Tom. I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere. I'm safe and so is you."
He sensed Mavis leave the room by hearing the door manipulated to will forwards the Berserker as if compelled to mentally mind scan Victoria. He stiffened as he saw in her mind she seeing a child's view of being carried by a Human that was acting panicky. He continued to see there was another Human nearby that was appearing to be a male acting panicky as the child was thrust into the bushes and brambles covering it while hearing familiar roaring noises and screaming of Human voices in terror before silence. Tom stiffened as he saw a Freeloader come into the child's eyesight and yanked the Human out to toss to other Freeloaders. He saw the child look to see the adult Humans were lying on the ground still with neck wounds one Freeloader seen eating pieces of their skin making him disgusted. He saw the eyesight continued to show the child thrown off a cliff to land into springy soft moss before walking around in a circle among the bushes showing confusion. Tom stiffened as there were clouds seen fogging up the area then the child's hand came into view showing blood onto it as he saw the scene went black within Victoria's mind. 
He forced himself to will aside the Berserker while eyeing Victoria in the eyes who gave him a glare followed by she speaking "I need to type."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone found his hand freed from her ironclad grip to see her typing away while appearing to ignore him staring. Tom sensed a nagging feeling hitting him like he knew something but couldn't place fully in his mind. He shrugged off the feeling to get up going out of the bedroom leaving Victoria typing to feel himself itching to take in nourishment. He went to the kitchen unit that was still in the living room to pull out a bottle of herbal tea finding them not in the refrigerator. He felt confusion hitting him to find an envelope taped to an apparent empty drawer that was formerly holding his bottles. Tom took out the envelope and got Victoria snatching it out of his hands to rip that up. 
He gave her a glare as she tossed the paper into the garbage can and spoke "Just wait patiently. I put in the order for groceries including your nourishment. Sorry I had an angry fit and poured them all out in the sink then smashed the bottles onto the porch."
He got thrust a broom and dustpan and got from her as he continued to glare "I cleaned up the porch last time so it's your turn. Excuse me I'll be busy typing down my latest panic attack Mavis told me to do instead of keeping them bottled inside me. Wear shoes while you're out on the porch. Glass can cut skin and I think it can do that to your feet."
He found Victoria darting away in a fast move to hear a door slam as he gave up a growling sound and without a word felt his sandals on the floor of the kitchen unit. Tom gave up another growl in response to stomp towards the porch yanking back the sliding door to find a masked Highlander appearing to be straining from holding a familiar box. 
He sighed and unlocked the sliding door to yank the box of herbal tea from the Highlander who triggered his Berserker side to his annoyance "I suggests you clean the mess on this porch whatever that is."
He slid the sliding glass door shut and thrust aside the curtain in response as he willed aside the Berserker to stomp to the refrigerator to place the bottles of herbal tea into the thing in a drawer set aside for it. Tom took out a bottle and left it onto the counter as he flattened the box to put it in the recycle bin for it next to the door. He kept feeling the nagging feeling hitting him gave up a growl while rubbing his head running fingers through his hair as he felt himself filmed. Tom ignored the filming to grab the bottle of herbal tea to put a hand on the cap only to feel a hand touching him there he found belonged to Victoria. 
He eyed her as she took the bottle out of his hand and set it onto the counter before speaking "You seemed upset about something so tell me what's gotten you annoyed please."
He heard the begging in her voice tone saw pleading in her eyes to spoke "Those panic attacks you've been having? Do they always involve some scary scenario coming to your mind enough to make you scared of them?"
He folded his arms while eyeing Victoria who spoke sensing she was calm "They do involve something involving fear but the emotion of the scenarios is all over the place. I used to bottle them to myself while using soccer as an outlet. Mavis got me to quit soccer recognizing that it wasn't a proper outlet. He gave me a used laptop computer and told me to type them down. That's where I got my interested in typing stories down by thinking of various scenarios to explain them. I have used various scenarios I get into my mind in my books as Veronica Thomas. So spill on what got you upset now Tom."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone spoke "The High Council has problems with a species I saw in your mind dubbed by the name of Freeloader. Their kept isolated while living in Shadan only pestering the High Council for various items they want to survive on. I was upset by the Freeloaders treating a Human nasty from what I saw in your mind a child's point of view."
He sighed as Victoria hugged him in response he hugging her back to find her breaking off the hug and heard her speaking "I'm not done with my typing, excuse me."
Tom sighed again watching Victoria dart out of sight to pick up his bottle of herbal tea to open the cap and forced himself to sip the drink taking his time entirely before putting the bottle in the recycle then felt compelled to go the porch while picking up the broom and dustpan and putting on his sandals. Tom gave up a growl yanking the curtain to find Barry on the porch giving him a golden eyes glare which he yanked open the porch door to walk out hearing crunching noises his sandals made stepping onto pieces of scattered glass gathered all over the place. 
Tom groaned softly to hear from Barry "You were hiding something when you told Victoria on what got you upset so talk now."
He spoke firmly "I have a nagging suspicion that I'm supposed to know what Victoria's panic attack brought on scenario in her mind is supposed to be. The scene is familiar like I've seen this scenario before but can't place it as a memory or figure out where it was. Excuse me I have a mess to clean up and you're in my way."
He glared at Barry who walked out of the porch to stand on the rugged floor watching him while giving him a glare he sighed and forced himself to clean up the mess of broken glass finding himself getting the garbage can from the kitchen unit to dump the mess into it. Tom cleaned the porch the best he could to once finish to find Barry had arms folded who backed up as he walked into the apartment shutting the door and swished the black out curtain shut blocking out the view from sight. Tom put aside the broom and dustpan in the living room's closet to glare at Barry while giving off an ahem sound.
He found Barry speaking "How did Thura become deaf anyway?"
He stiffened from Barry's question as Barry gave him a glare he finding the Builder wasn't going to budge till he answered his question.
Tom found the memory not fully in his mind to speak "I don't remember much about my life before I came to Shadan. I only remember how I got this scar on my face and the reason for the marking. That always gets me furiously angry including being terribly sensitive to having people touching me there."
He frowned eyeing Barry to get the Builder speaking gibberish in a compelling voice tone to grunt gasping as Victoria's scenario flashed into his mind along with hearing sounds including himself confronting the Freeloaders' Queen for making Thura deaf with their machine in front of Thura's presence. 
He gasped of shock to stare at Barry with a confused expression on his face as he spoke "Victoria suffers imaged scenarios while having panic attacks. She had a scenario of Thura becoming deaf as a child fully in her mind I remember is twin to the scene I saw in Thura's mind. I'm not even sure of how Victoria got this in her mind despite she typing down her those scenarios enough to create stories out of them."
Tom frowned while eyeing Barry who spoke "Start reading Victoria's latest Veronica Thomas books. She confessed that she based those recent published books off scenarios she sees in her mind she leaves intact in her books without any changes to them."
He frowned to not trust his voice as Barry added speaking Builder gibberish and disappeared in a light show. He sighed and eyed the garbage can seeing it was full to go to the bedroom finding Victoria typing away. 
Tom clapped his hand getting her looking up which he spoke "I'll be out throwing out the garbage to the dumpster."
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Tom, go take a walk around the city area. I haven't seen you doing that since we first moved into this apartment. I'll be fine for now. Mavis is still keeping an eye on me via Barry's method. Mavis oath to me after a panic attack that he'll get someone to me to help me out whenever they hit. Barry has been one of the people to help actually."
He sighed and didn't say a word exchanged his sweatpants to jeans in color blue and a grey rugby top to hear from Victoria again "Don't forget your key. I'm not unlocking the door for you."
He sighed and kept his mouth shut as he found his wallet containing his ID and keys to the apartment pocketed it into his side pocket of his jeans. He put on his black sneakers and without a word towards Victoria left the bedroom going to the kitchen unit's garbage can to take it out hearing the glass clink from the bag's manipulation. He sighed and walked out the apartment locking the door and took the stairwell route to outside the back entrance to find the dumpster in a parking lot. He threw out the bag only to hear a faint yowl sounding of a cat. Tom peered into the dumpster to spot a cat looking dirty and disgusting to him crawling around in there. 
He sighed and with a long reach took the cat out and figured to himself "I might as well take this cat to the gonoid hospital down the street since the apartment's management has an application for people to go through for having pets."
He carried the cat that purred in his arms that smelled of garbage to him making him annoyed as he walked to the gonoid hospital to walk inside finding the receptionist giving him a glare. 
Tom spoke firmly "Excuse me. Can you see that this poor cat needs medical attention ASAP?"
He got her rolling her eyes to see her getting onto the phone whispering as he waited holding the cat that was still purring away. 
He sighed as a vet tech he assumed was the female in her uniform arrived and he spoke firmly "I'm willing to pay for this cat's medical care despite finding it in the dumpster."
He got no word from the vet tech who gestured for him to come which he obeyed to get into the vet's gonoid hospital and got told by a Vet a gonoid doctor by the coat "Show me what you know regarding cat care such as cleaning and grooming please."
Tom spoke "You have a tub or some kind of wash basin for me to clean this cat including special shampoo for it?'
He got the doctor speaking firmly "Show him."
He didn't say a word as the vet tech led him to a large sink which he got to work turning on the water to a warm temp he figured the cat would like and began cleaning it of the garbage's staining mess including shampooing the cat's fur he discovering it was a she. Tom cleaned the cat's fur the best her could then once she was fully washed and shampooed "A towel and a special brush for grooming her please."
He got his orders obeyed to dry the cat to notice she was appearing to be on the overweight side to speak while brushing her she purring loudly "Can you see if she's carrying kittens since she's a female looking like that?"
He got from the doctor "Please prepare the X-ray room for this."
Tom continued to groom the cat ignoring the activity around him till he got a tap on his shoulder and found the vet tech there that gestured him to come along. He obeyed to expertly carry the cat in a gentle way due to suspecting she was carrying kittens to the x-ray room. 
He stood outside waiting as the vet techs prepare the cat for the x-rays to only to hear "Sir, Can you hand me that box in the corner please?'"
He frowned but obeyed to find the box contained a cat bed to peer into the x-ray room to spot the cat giving birth to four kittens he sighed softly seeing the vet tech one at a time put the kittens into the box while seeing them checking their watches as the furball gave birth. He didn't say a word as the Mama cat was x-rayed then placed into the box with her kittens he taking it and got led to the cat room to hear a loud hissing sound. Tom found one cat hissing away in a cage looking frightened to him. He put the Mama cat and kittens into a cage and went to the cage holding the hissing cat to open it while watched by a vet tech to put his hand inside. Tom waited patiently as the cat sniffed his hand while quitting its hissing. He rubbed a hand on the cat's head to hear loud purring sounds from it. 
He heard from a vet tech "Kindly take Mister Hisser out for a physical examination please."
Tom obeyed to find Mister Hisser he assumed was the male cat's name not complaining to being held as he followed the vet tech to an examination room. He waited while putting Mister Hisser on top of the examination table the cat seemed to be in a playful mood by batting his hand which he found sighed and rubbed the cat's tummy to get him onto his side chewing onto his hand while back pawing it with back paws. Tom sensed himself filmed to ignore the sensation he realized that he was filmed when he brought in the mama cat. Tom played with Mister Hisser chewing onto his hand while rubbing the cat's tummy till he heard a door shutting sound. 
He looked up to find the doctor into the room speaking "Ok you want to explain this magic touch of yours? Mister Hisser was named for being hissy towards staff members despite not so hissy towards his owner an older gentleman who brought him in for a physical."
He spoke firmly "Gonoids regardless of how wild they are become domesticated from a mere touch of my skin anywhere on me."
He clamped his mouth shut to see the doctor grimace which he added "Yes I know of my hypnotic voice tone."
Tom clamped his mouth again to eye the doctor who gave up a loud sigh and without a word got Mister Hisser to be examined before having him put the cat back into his cage cat appearing to get hissy again. 
Tom spoke noticing Mister Hisser was frightened "Mister Hisser's hissy fit is from being scared while in the cage, doctor."
He got her giving him a double look before staring at Mister Hisser and then heard from her "You seemed to be aware of cats and their care so kindly tell me about this including your name sir."
He spoke "The name is Tom Thunder Ma'am."
Tom saw her do a double take look followed by she adding "Oh what else in your history of living in this city that involves cat care Mister Thunder?"
He sensed the conversation recorded spoke his history of taking care of cats including Mama cats while living in the city including mentioning Old Owl's name for reference and added "I'm told by Mister Old Owl that the city passed an ordinance that people have to get special licenses to take care of Mama cats while proving that they have Vet Tech experience such as schooling for it."
He clamped his mouth shut to eye the doctor who's cell phone rang to find her answering it while forming a range of emotions on her face before shutting it and speaking towards him "Did you say something about willing to help out Whitey as the cat is dubbed's care for her kittens while we have her on hand here?"
He spoke firmly "I wasn't kidding on what I said."
Tom got an ok comment from the doctor who added "There's some forms for you to fill out Mister Thunder so go to the lobby and see the receptionist please."
He gave an ok comment and went to the lobby to fill out forms related to Whitey's care including a form for payment and his oath on paper that he will pay for her care. 
Tom spoke once the filling was done the receptionist questioning him about his home address's pet policy "Management has an application process for people to request pets which must be approved by the Management's council board. I do hear that they accept cats but frown on dogs unless their for assistance care."
He got from the receptionist "Alright sir we're all done here your free to go."
He obeyed to walk out of the gonoid hospital to wander around the area taking a look at stores but not going into them to spot a grocery store. Tom wandered inside sensing himself filmed to find his nourishment drinks in boxes in a row to recall Victoria's favorite indulgence food to find the chocolate in a row holding various themed items. Tom took one of her favorites and went to pay for it paying via hand print after finding the clerk giving him a glare he ignored. 
He found the chocolate bagged and took the bag while speaking "Good day sir." 
He found the male clerk waving him off which he walked out and went to his home building to take the elevator to their floor recalling Victoria's manipulation to it which he proceeded to do. Tom pressed the button to the floor once the elevator was shut to stand waiting as the thing was felt going up then stopped to show a couple walking in that appeared to be kissy faced onto each other. He sighed and walked out before the elevator doors shut and took the stairwell route to the floor to sense the familiar filming sense. He walked to the apartment and let himself inside to find her seated on the couch typing away who gave him an all black eyed glare while folding her arms seeing him. 
He exhaled a breath and without a word spoke "Bad day?"
Tom got from Victoria getting up yanking the bag from him to take out the chocolate and found her without a word opening the bag to munch onto the pieces while speaking "Why is the answering machine saying something about a gonoid hospital calling and saying a cat being your responsibility?"
He spoke figuring that the truth was best "I found a cat in the dumpster while tossing out the garbage. I got her to the gonoid hospital to find that she's a mama cat who birthed kittens while there. I sort of assumed responsibility for her via monetary payments just to assure that she receives good care before she and her kittens get adopted out. Sorry I didn't consult with you."
He clamped his mouth shut to get Victoria cocking her head willing aside the Master and speaking "Hmm a hero that has fondness towards cats. Hmm I might as well put that in my story. It'll give him humanity."
He frowned as Victoria ignored him to go sit down on the couch to resume her typing he eyeing her still munching onto the chocolate while glaring at the laptop's screen during pauses to appear to cock her head and made him think she was thinking. Tom sighed and went to his room to sit down finding a package wrapped in a bow on top of his couch's table. He picked up the package to unwrap it finding it was a recently published Veronica Thomas book judging by the looks of it and appeared to be a romance novel judging by the couple in a clinch on the cover. He sighed seeing the male on the cover had twin facial appearances of himself complete with the scar but had short hair he discovering the male was dressed into a familiar clothing of blue making him grimace seeing it. He recalled the blue clothing was what he wore when he got his face cut. He wound up spotting the female on the cover making him gasp seeing she reminded him of Thura complete with her facial appearance and small size and twin hair lengths and color including seeing her wearing a High Council wear dress on her form. 
He formed a glare on his face and mentally shouted "Ramses! Tell the High Council to keep the business of Thura and I's relationship out of Victoria's business period!"
He sensed his mind scanned to repeat his words to hear "It's Kiddy. The High Council whenever they tell Victoria things about themselves and their servants don't mention names to her. The High Council only have input on her covers without her input on them as per an agreement for her to type down what they tell her to type. They haven't complained of her typing down her panic attack's visions she gets from time to time as long as she emails the contents to them to give her input on how to incorporate them into her stories if they approve of that to happen. Sorry your upset but I suggest you read the story anyway."
Tom sighed as Kiddy was felt leaving his mind which he sat back on the couch and forced himself to read the story he recalling wasn't a really true version to his love of Thura and she loving him back. He wound up discovering that Victoria took creative license to the names and storyline in the book's contents but kept the descriptions to Thura and himself on the cover as twinning as it was. He sighed while reading the book further while finding the contents seemed to focus onto himself and Victoria's pairing including using the theme of the male named Sandy as a former Annoyov trying to tell the female a rich billionaire's daughter that he truly loved her despite she kept on accusing him of being after her money. He found Jinks mentioned in the story as the Amanda female's disapproving Father who wanted Amanda to marry someone of her rich class. He kept reading finding himself engrossed in the book to sense a light show to look up at the ceiling before hearing a giggling sound he finding Victoria at the doorway to the room holding a cell phone in her hand aimed in his direction while getting another light flashing from that thing. Tom put aside the book to get up growling playfully towards Victoria finding she was up to her game of snapping pictures via her cell phone onto him to post online her public website he always playing a game of resisting to her doing it. He charged towards Victoria to get another light show from the cell phone followed by her darting out of his room he followed and tackled her in the living room onto the floor she holding the thing away from him while still giggling loudly. Tom peeled her hand off the cell phone to dump it onto the couch and playfully kissed Victoria all over the face feeling her kissing him back while stiffening from her hand touching his scarred face. Tom broke off the kiss to shut his eyes as her hand was felt rubbing the scar on his face he forcing himself to push the area into Victoria's hand. He sighed as Victoria removed her hand to wrap arms around the back of his neck holding him close to her while he was front lying onto the rugged floor to hear her sniffing. Tom sighed to adjust his position to put his scarred cheek on top of her sweat covered chest while putting arms onto her back holding her in a hug keeping himself quiet. He sensed she was upset again by the sniffing noises she made before she was heard groaning loudly he figured she was undergoing another panic attack by the feeling of his senses blaring. Tom tightened his hold around Victoria to keep himself silent while feeling her arms around him tighten their hold to keep him closer to her body. He kept his mouth shut opening his eyes to sigh as the doorbell rang loudly to groan as Victoria tightened her hold around him. He kept himself still as the doorbell rang and rang he forcing himself to ignore. He frowned as he heard the sound of the locks unlocking to stiffen from that as Victoria's hold kept being tight. Tom frowned locked in Victoria's hold as the door was heard opening followed by door shutting he sensing a familiar sense making him exhale a breath he recalled was related to her Father's presence. Tom kept himself still as Jinks he sensed was walking towards them Victoria he sensed still in her panic attack. He frowned as Jinks walked into his eyesight from stepping over him and kneeled he eyeing the male to feel the sleeve of Victoria's sweatshirt top manipulated followed by a needle gun sound before sensing her hold around his neck loosen and found that she had fallen asleep. Tom sat up removing Victoria's arms to stare at Jinks who thrust him a syringe gun he took while staring at the male questioningly. 
He frowned as Jinks spoke while thrusting his watch aimed at his face "You're to inject her this medicine every day at this time period. She has developed a medical issue dubbed diabetes due to not processing enough insulin in her body. The High Council wound up made aware from it due to finding something wrong with the offsprings she carried to indicate this status. They think her panic attacks is her body's way of trying to cope with the lack of nourishment it needs to process her body's system. She can eat anything she wants if she sticks to the injections every day. If she wants to be off the medicine she'll have to start watching what she eats including drinking tons of water to keep her body's system functional enough to keep its process."
Tom frowned to give a head bob to notice the time on Jinks' watch as Jinks got up standing which he remained sitting on the rugged floor.
He eyed Jinks who spoke "My wife when the doctor diagnosed her with terminal cancer put emphasize publicity on early detection for cancer as her cause to the public using herself as a reason why that would have saved people despite she having that medical issue. I suggested you tell Victoria about this issue regarding her medical crisis she's aware of her diagnose but not doing anything to fix it till I had to get involved. Besides the gonoid hospital you gave them a cat's recorders wound up hacked to focus onto you giving them the cat and heard verbalizing of you willing to pay for her care. They got hit with requests to adopt the mama cat and kittens including giving them donations to help out Whitey I believe she's dubbed's care. Nice going on that anyway besides I think that'll give you something to do while you're waiting for jobs to come up."
Tom sighed and didn't say a word towards Jinks and got up to put the syringe gun onto the couch's table before picking up Victoria finding her sputtering awake and ordering him to put her down. He obeyed to find Jinks was gone from the apartment with the doors locked to find the syringe gun still on the table he noticing Victoria giving the thing a glare and stomping to the laptop to resume furiously typing he eyeing her eyes having the Master in control she ignored him staring. He went to pick up the syringe gun as if compelled and carried the thing to the kitchen unit to put into the refrigerator feeling himself annoyed with doing it as he put the thing into his nourishment drawer. Tom shut the refrigerator's door to eye Victoria sensed she seemed furious with something by the rapid fire typing she was doing including the Master in control.
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to mentally spoke towards Victoria "Its Tom speaking via Berserker side in control. I can mind scan and send mental talk so admit it on what are you upset about anyway?"
He got Victoria looking at him before she leaned back onto the couch after slamming her laptop's cover shut and looking angry to him while having arms folded. He went to Victoria to will aside the Berserker to sit on the couch next to her while pulling her she not resisting onto his lap and wrapped arms around her in a hug. 
Tom waited as Victoria spoke after a lengthy silence "I'm just furious with myself. I didn't discipline myself too well when it comes to taking in nourishment after I was sent to live with my brother. I wound up with a bad eating habit despite disciplined on keeping my weight down. Robert didn't help me eat better instead let me eat what I wanted as long as I kept up the practice of karate he taught me religiously. I wound up having trouble keeping myself able to do goalkeeping in soccer despite out of breath repeatedly and taking too much sugar foods to fuel myself into doing it. It was Mavis who told me off on having a career in soccer backed up by my Father via communiqués from him. I didn't listen to my Father or Mavis till I forced myself to quit after the college team got the national championship and I going down asleep during the celebrations knocked out by not eating the proper foods."
Tom didn't say a word instead stroked Victoria's back only to hear the phone ringing loudly which he sighed as she was heard "Excuse me while I answer it."
He released Victoria to find her getting up towards the table sitting next to the wall having a landline phone on it to see her picking up speaking "Yes?"
He eyed her despite her firm voice tone to see her turn her back to him while eavesdropping onto her talk seemingly with the apartment building's management company about the policy involving pets without an application process and she speaking firmly "I assure you that my husband and I is aware of that policy. Ask Sally's gonoid hospital in question if he asked to take home any of the cats. And give me another call once you're done thank you."
Tom found her slamming the phone onto the cradle with a bang sound he sighed and spoke firmly "I should have thought better when I brought in that cat to the gonoid hospital. I didn't realize that management would be questioning us about it."
He got Victoria turning to glare at him he added "Sorry I heard your side of the talk with management that suggested that."
He clamped his mouth shut as Victoria without a word kept the glare making him nervous as she made a come gesture with her finger which he obeyed to get up to stand once reaching her. Tom looked down finding her height was twin to Thura's in his memory flashing of her in his mind he sighed as Victoria flashed a light into his face while giving off a loud giggling sound. He growled playfully finding Victoria holding a penlight into his face that appeared to be from her pocket and chased her into his room she still laughing to tackle her onto the couch he feeling his urge to mate hitting him once having her underneath him. Tom stiffened and made a movement to get up only to feel Victoria's legs wrap around him while feeling her arms around the back of his neck holding him in place. 
He shut his eyes feeling himself itching to mate but refrained from acting onto the urge onto Victoria who he heard "Tom, don't hold back on what your feeling now. I can sense what you're feeling at the moment and I know what it is. You have my permission to do it."
He sighed and opened his eyes to feel Victoria's grip around his neck released followed by her hands felt going underneath his shirt to rub the area which he took it off with her help. Tom kissed Victoria on the neck ignoring himself being filmed the moment they entered the room. He broke off the kiss to strip her of the top she not resisting to sigh seeing her breasts were bare of coverage. He sighed as her hands pulled at his jeans' elastic waist he not resisting to her hands yanking the material down to bare himself. Tom followed Victoria's example and took off her pants she adjusting her legs to allow him to do it while sighing seeing her bare of any undergarments underneath. He felt Victoria tightened her legs around his bare back side as he brought his hands to her side while holding her hips and entered her while feeling her hand touching him over his heart he sensing she had the Master in control. Tom held Victoria in place as he did the work thrusting in rhythm while feeling his charges of pleasure heightened by her Master's mental abilities in control. He gave off a loud sigh once spilling inside Victoria due to the intense charge of pleasure hitting him to keep his form on top of her while feeling her hands travel to the back of his neck. Tom sighed as he adjusted his form pulling out till his face was level with Victoria's face to eye her in the eyes finding them Human blue with a familiar look of acceptance in them making him sigh again. He didn't protest as Victoria pulled him down he putting his scarred cheek against her cheek to hear her quiet sobbing sounds he hugging her in response feeling she was relieved from something not said towards him and was crying from it. Tom kept his mouth shut in response while hugging Victoria hugging him in return he hearing her crying seemingly lengthy. He sighed as he sensed her fallen asleep remained awake for a lengthy time period before he shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious to come to finding himself lying in bed while hearing her familiar typing sounds within the room. Tom jerked open his eyes to roll over finding himself still clad in his underwear and jeans on his form but this time covered him entirely as he shifted to eye Victoria clad in her sweats seated on the bed with laptop on her lap typing away. Tom sighed and eyed Victoria seemingly lengthy till she gave up a groan sound and shut the laptop before putting it onto the bed stand and laid down shutting of the lamp. He sighed as he stared at the ceiling with night vision in his eyesight to feel Victoria put her head onto his chest making him feel a nagging sensation again followed by feeling her pull the blanket over them to sense her shutting her eyes and felt her sleeping deeply. 
Tom sighed and wrapped arms around her shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep while thinking "What am I going to be doing for my life anyway? I need a purpose to do something while living among Humans."
He heard nothing in answer to his wording felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom recalled his comment fully in mind while sitting in a stool to feel the kitten an orange ball of fur sitting on top of his head as he sensed light shows from the camera taking pictures of him while sensing himself recorded playing with the furball. He sighed to raise his eyes up while putting a hand to his right cheek forming an amused expression as the kitten felt on top of his head sat up on her haunches and gave up a loud meow in a cute way. Tom grinned abruptly from the kitten's meowing to pull the kitten purring off his head and got off the stool to play with her by rubbing her tummy and she chewing onto his hand and back pawing it in the process. He sensed the cameras recording his moves as he kept on playing with the kitten till the furball curled into a ball and appeared to have conked out making him sad to see that. He found the kitten didn't protest or wake up as he picked her up still snoozing away and carried her to the cat carrier belonging to a vet tech who didn't say a word but heard a faint giggling sound from her. 
Tom spoke in a baby voice tone once the kitten was in the cat carrier "Now you be good you hear, Pumpkin? Just keep on your cuteness and be a good kitty."
He sighed as he shook hands with the vet tech to hear her laughing while carrying the cat carrier to hear silence from the kitten. 
Tom sighed as he heard "Mister Thunder you want to see the pictures and give your input on which ones for Gonoid Association to use?"
He sighed hearing that from the photographer as his title to give a head bob and followed the male to a laptop computer to peer over the male's shoulder to see pictures of himself playing with the kitten appear on screen one at a time he found way too many to count.
Tom halted the viewing once the picture of the kitten sitting on top of his head looking like she was meowing while he was looking up at her and smiling with hand on his cheek to speak "I like this one. She looks cute while I look happy."
He got from the photographer "I'll let the magazine know of this that this one is your preference. It's the editor's decision to determine which photo to go into the magazine representing the GA."
He sighed from the photographer's nickname towards the Gonoid Association as the male typed notes onto the laptop he noticing was highlighting the picture he liked as he eyed further pictures to point out his favorites including one of him smiling with joy in his eyes while looking down holding the kitten in his hands that looked content being held.
Tom got from the photographer "Alright you're done so you can leave."
He obeyed to go to his leather jacket putting it on due to the cold weather months had arrived and without a word walked out of the studio taking a cab ride to Jinks' building he finding presses and people camped outside some holding signs of marriage towards Jinks himself. Tom paid the fare and got out putting on his wraparound sunglasses to hear various people's comments aimed at him including why he was taking a cab instead of one of the billionaire they referred him's vehicles. He ignored the presses to feel a female body cling herself to his front along with kissing him on the lips he felt wasn't Victoria's making him annoyed. Tom kept his hands to himself as the presses started blaring questions aimed at him about having a mistress he ignored to ignore the female getting off of him seeing a smirk on her face only to get cops arresting her and reading her rights. He saw her smirking at him as she was taken out of sight as he heard silence from the crowd to sense Jinks in vicinity to find his hunch correct to find the male watching him with arms folded. 
Tom removed his sunglasses and pocketed them going up towards Jinks to hear from the male once reaching him "Tell me the truth do you have a mistress?"
He heard silence from the crowd to speak firmly recalling Jinks' lie detecting ability "No I don't have a mistress."
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks who jerked his head towards the entrance of the building while speaking loudly "You told the truth despite my lie detector sense not going off so get yourself inside now."
He obeyed to hear gasps from the crowd to ignore them to go inside to meet Willingham that handed him a cloth and gestured to his face. He wiped his face hard with the cloth and made a spitting sound onto it feeling himself annoyed with the tabloids' latest stunt to break him and Victoria up. He recalled the presses' and public's nosiness after two months of it got too much for Victoria and him to stay in their apartment and got moved into Jinks' building into the male's residence at his insisting on having that done despite balking on living in an apartment in the building. He handed Willingham the cloth to find the butler rubbing it onto his face in a hard move while focused onto his lips making him growl loudly.
He got from Willingham "Lady left her lip's makeup onto you. You look ridiculous with that stuff on your lips in question."
He didn't say a word growled softly as Willingham was felt scrubbing his face before disappearing in a light show he sensing Jinks in the vicinity to find the male having the Master in control that jabbed a finger at an elevator. Tom went into the designed elevator to hear Jinks give the command for his residence using the word of castle while having the Master in control. He sighed as the elevator was felt going up followed by stopping and followed Jinks out to find Victoria typing onto the laptop while seated onto the couch that gave him an all black eyed glare. 
Tom gulped as Jinks was sensed walking away which he spoke "Victoria-"
He was interrupted "Jeez Tom. You need work on getting females in love with you to quit kissing you. I saw this scene via the internet on the laptop."
He sighed and spoke firmly as Victoria thrust aside the laptop and got up giving him a glare "I broke our oath in the wedding by raping you remember? I sort of oath to myself that I wouldn't harm another female or you or any female in question doing something mating wise towards me. I don't-"
He cut himself off as Victoria formed blue eyes followed by showing tears in them he forced himself to kneel while eyeing her with pleading in his eyes as he added "I don't want to hurt you or any female again. That includes doing the mating ritual towards you unless I have your permission to do it then I'll do it. Hence I letting this female doing this mating behavior onto me. I recalled the oath I made myself. I don't want to harm any female doing the mating behavior onto me or doing it onto them without them permission."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria with pleading still in his eyes as she without a word ran towards him and he found himself hugged in a tight hold. Tom hugged Victoria back while putting his face into her front as she stood holding him to her. He felt tears flowing within his eyes allowed them through to wrap his arms around her in a tight hold he hearing himself wailing loudly in a muffled voice tone. Tom kept up the wailing as Victoria pulled him towards the couch he not resisting to find her pulling him to lie on top of her while she hugged him he burying his face onto her shoulder. He kept up the wailing till he felt pressure onto his back that felt like a cat sitting onto the area and cut his noises. Tom forced himself to calm despite still upset as he felt Snowy the cat tummy sit onto his back purring vibrations felt from the furball putting him asleep. 
He heard from Victoria as he shook the sleepiness from within him while shaking his head "It's alright Tom. Just sleep. I need you here with me anyway."
He didn't say a word in response lowered his head to keep it onto Victoria's shoulder and shut his eyes feeling himself lulled asleep by Snowy's purring to feel himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom sat on the couch grimacing from the memory of his breakdown and sleeping on top of Victoria while on the couch the previous day. He recalled waking up by Snowy yowling in his ear to find Victoria seated next to him typing onto the laptop computer how she managed to remove him off her and kept himself in position while on the couch was beyond him. He figured that she used strong strength inherited from her Father. He felt himself bored while reading a gonoid magazine focused onto cats Willingham gave him he flipping through looking for anything to amuse himself.
He recalling the butler told him "Master Jinks hates any periodicals of any kind in his residence except for this magazine subscription. Don't pester him for anything to view on his TV. He hates that type of TV. The Master prefers recordings of his offsprings and descendants doing sporting events which doesn't matter what it is as long as it involves sports period."
Tom sighed and forced himself to peer into the magazine to froze seeing a picture of himself fully in the magazine in an advertisement for adopting shelter pets he seeing the picture was of him holding a black cat in his arms. He saw himself was sideways from the camera with a happy look in his face and eyes while the cat had appeared to look happy while having a paw onto his scarred cheek. 
He sighed to recall a previous photo shoot before the one with the orange kitten had involved multiple cats not sparing kittens that had looks of them the gonoid officer telling him "These cats are hardly adopted due to the looks of them not perfect according to the public seeking to adopt cats. Hence our campaign to highlight the imperfect cats for adoption heavily."
He sighed again to recall the photo shoot with the cats wound up filmed while he had his picture taken while playing with the cats. He sighed to recall that the filming was by a news crew in the photography studio watching him playing with the cats one at a time brought out by the gonoid control's officers he finding the news' reporter interviewing the officers. The officers were heard speaking towards the cameras about shelter adoptions including using his playing with the cats as proof that cats were cats regardless of the color of their fur or their disabilities. He recalled playing while cameras were rolling towards cats that had Dick's medical condition missing a limb but were acting normal cats while he was playing games with them. Tom sighed to lean his head back while staring at the ceiling feeling himself bored while contained in Jinks' residence Jinks balking on letting him out to wander around the city using safety issues into his face repeatedly. He felt a familiar batting onto his toes groaned to straighten up while kneeling onto the floor to play wrestling as Jinks called it onto Snowy who chewed his hand in a playful way. He sighed as Snowy quit the chewing to give off an excited meow followed by darting away he sensed Jinks in the room watching him to find the cat had gotten onto the male's shoulder again. Tom didn't say a word in response as he stood up feeling himself clad in his sweats with feet bare while eyeing Jinks in response to see Snowy rubbing her face onto the male's head. He walked up towards Jinks who he gave him a glare with arms folded ignoring Snowy's friendly behavior to look down once reaching the male. 
He frowned as Jinks spoke always using the firm tone towards him "I saw that picture of you in that cat magazine looks cute anyway."
He spoke firmly hearing an edge in Jinks' voice tone "With due respect sir you're not fully saying what you're really saying towards me."
Tom clamped his mouth shut to find Jinks removing Snowy off to hold the cat and walk away which he recalled the male's balking to let him explore the city the male using an angry firm voice tone.
He spoke "Are you afraid that something bad would happen to Victoria and I hence your insisting on keeping us here in your residence?"
He eyed Jinks who halted his walk to see Snowy dart away as if dropped to find the male turning around with the Master in control that held up a hand towards him he feeling himself choking. Tom saw Jinks bare his teeth to remove the choking before removing the Master from his eyes and turn sideways as he saw Victoria behind the male in the doorway Master willed away from her. 
He kept his mouth shut as Victoria walked into the room a glare on her face to eye Jinks who had pleading in his face as the male spoke "Daughter mine-"
Tom found Victoria interrupting speaking in a firm voice tone "Daddy don't give me your latest excuse on trying to keep me safe. I don't want to hear it. Admit it your afraid of losing me."
He inhaled at speak firmly recalling his reaction towards Thurin being shot in front of him, his son with Thura "I had a son with Thura. He wound up shot by a drug making him appear to be dead by projectile in front of me by the High Council doing a trick stunt onto me. I didn't care fully towards Thurin till he was shot. I wound up feeling what you're feeling towards Victoria when he got hurt. It pained me to have that happen to me and my son. I was forced to get it by the High Council teaching me a lesson that my son could take care of himself and I will always care for him even if I don't show that towards him. I do hope you get it what I mean Sir."
He clamped his mouth shut to see Jinks bow his head followed by hearing the male speaking "Victoria I release you from here. You're free to go as soon as possible with Tom at your side."
He sighed as Victoria he eyed hugged Jinks in a bear hug and made a come gesture towards him he obeyed to follow her into the bedroom after taking a route to there. Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria got him into his familiar uniform while seeing her dress up in a pantsuit of red instead of purple to his confusion. 
He stared at her with a confused expression on his face as she spoke while brushing her hair and appearing to leave it down "I'm evolving my look to something else than just the Veronica Thomas's regular uniform. Besides the public according to the ladies seemed smitten with you and your looks, I wouldn't be surprised if Hollywood came calling."
Tom spoke recalling his wording towards her mentioning Hollywood "Well they haven't called yet. So where are we going to live since your Father let us leave here?"
He eyed Victoria who turned around and poked a finger into his front she speaking "He didn't say that we could live elsewhere but leave the residence to explore the city. I heard the voice tone and the look Daddy gave me to indicate he still wants us to live with him." 
He sighed and spoke while pinning Victoria with his arms to the counter she putting hands onto his chest to rub "Well what do you have in mind for our outing hmm? I'm itching to explore the city myself but its no fun not doing it without you."
Tom kissed Victoria on the lips before she broke it off and she spoke "I have the perfect outing for us."
He didn't say a word as she got him to unpin her and took his hand out of the bathroom he thinking to himself "I can't wait to see what Victoria has in mind."

Tom resisted the urge not to yawn out of boredom sitting in a meeting room with Victoria talking to her agent as the lady's title was talking about arranging herself to attend a writer's convention in Toronto with himself coming along as eye candy for the ladies to swoon and giggle seeing him. 
He folded his arms while sitting back in the chair thinking to himself "This is the perfect outing for us? Some outing it turned out to be! I'm bored to tears." 
He heard Victoria speaking his name focused onto her to find her speaking "Now Tom what did I say about Hollywood coming calling hmm?"
He sighed and focused onto Victoria's agent dubbing herself Radka with no last name given who spoke "The public mostly fans of Veronica Thomas's work is clamoring for you to be in a movie which doesn't matter what movie as long as your shirt is off for them to ogle you. Well excuse me Miss Montreal but the shirt off request is me talking. He's easy on the eyes enough to make me drool."
Tom frowned to give up a smile at Radka who giggled while noticing Victoria looking at him with pleading in her eyes despite hearing her speaking "Yep that's not why I married him. I love the way he treats me. He's my charmer he sure is."
He smiled at Radka making sure it reached his eyes as the agent spoke "Be still my heart. I'm drooling. I better wipe my mouth."
Tom heard laughter from the women as he gave up a forced chuckle sound to eye Radka who spoke "Now about this Berserker side of his? How scary is it actually?"
He sighed to get Victoria looking at him while hearing her clearing her throat as he leaned forwards and thrust his hand out fast while getting Radka sitting back as if shocked before willing forwards the Berserker to wave a clawed hand towards her appearing to look nervous. Tom willed aside the Berserker to get Radka drinking a gulp of water from a cup next to her and appearing to compose herself followed by the agent and Victoria getting into talks on what was expected to be done in Toronto boring him again but he paid attention. 

Tom felt relief once Victoria's meeting was over to walk out of the publishing house building to find Victoria getting into a sedan with black tinted windows in the street with him following. 
He kept his mouth shut as they both inside buckled up to hear from the familiar driver "Where to, Miss Montreal?"
He blurted "Anywhere as long as it's not to another meeting! I was bored!"
Tom clamped a hand over his mouth feeling himself annoyed with what he said as Victoria got his face to face her by hand on his chin. He frowned to gulp to get Victoria speaking some wording that sounded odd and not familiar to hear an affirmative comment from the driver. 
He spoke feeling Victoria's nails digging into his chin "Sorry I shouldn't have whined. I should have expected this being a part of your life for your writing career at the moment. I didn't realize this involved that. Excuse me. I feel idiotic for what I said."
He clamped his mouth shut as Victoria kissed him on the lips a peck to before speaking as he felt his chin let go "Jeez, Tom. Didn't you get it that I would be bored of that meeting myself?"
He frowned while staring at her as she added "I sympathize which what you're feeling in that meeting with my agent. Radka knows that I get bored of working out everything in the contracts for my writing so she tries to keep the mood interesting. She seemed to be aware of you being bored and tried to lighten up the mood. Sorry it didn't work."
He sighed and didn't say a word as Victoria gave him another kiss before breaking off "I have publicity events that require me to attend just to publicize my books including my career as a romance writer. I decided to focus onto the genre of romance for writing my books due to how easily the stories are to type down."
Tom sighed again as Victoria gave up a small laugh before speaking "Besides I have another meeting to go to for my contract with the Ladies Fashion magazine as its dubbed due to writing monthly editorials for it. I plan to see if I can rope them into giving a pictorial on you or an article. It's about time that the periodicals get the truth on you instead of the trash the tabloids have been blaring I keep finding their articles online whenever I'm searching the internet for research for my books."
Tom groaned softly to rub a hand over his scarred cheek out of habit whenever he was feeling upset to feel Victoria taking his hand off the area to hold it in her hands while leaning against him. 
He sighed groaning softly to think to himself "I do hope some good comes out of this. I do hope this next meeting isn't boring this time."

Tom found himself trying to avoid yawning of boredom as he sat in a meeting room thumbing through a magazine he discovering what Ladies Fashion Magazine LFM as it was dubbed was about. He looked through the magazine discovering it was the magazine Victoria worked for and found numerous articles on ladies' health including what to expect for a woman to go through a twenty four hour pregnancy he disgusted to read. Tom found Victoria's article to read the wording to find it focused onto her diabetes he recalling she recently came out with that medical issue publicity via article in another magazine that was focused onto her Father and the Master Organization dubbed Master's Herald. He recalled reading an issue of Master's Herald to discover religious propaganda in it aimed at people to believe in Lance Richard as their deity god including believing into the reclusive billionaire Jinks Montreal as a part of the deity incarnation due to him displaying an all black eyed look that Humans weren't known to have. Tom kept himself reading Victoria's article finding it was well written to his standards as he heard a door knocking sound looked up from reading to find a blonde female wearing a revealing dress showing cleavage knocking onto the door. 
He sighed and thought to himself "Not another joke by the tabloids trying to break us up."
Tom closed the magazine and formed a frown while eyeing the female who put on a pair of black rimmed glasses to open her mouth of shock before clearing her throat and speaking "Excuse me Mister Thunder but your wife wants your presence. I'm to lead you there."
He sighed and put aside the magazine to follow the woman out of the meeting room to an office to find Victoria inside that beamed a smile seeing him as he noticed a woman dressed twin to the blonde but this time wore a different color. 
He frowned to eye Victoria who spoke as he sensed the blonde shut the door to the office "Tom, show your front to her Rebecca the editor of the magazine."
He sighed and took off his jacket to put onto Victoria's chair and pulled his top up baring his bulging stomach muscles to hear an ooh sound from the female followed by hearing "Lucky!"
Tom pulled down his shirt tucking it into the elastic waist of his jeans and folded his arms feeling his arm muscles bulging to get Rebecca doing a double take look and add "He's easy on the eyes including his arms judging by the looks of them."
He sighed and didn't day a word instead formed a smirk on his face as he felt bored listening to the jargon talk between Victoria and Rebecca talking about something that made him think they were discussing the contents of the magazine aimed at females that bored him. Tom felt himself bored as Victoria ended the talk while shaking Rebecca's hand and got up which he took his leather jacket and put it on and wordlessly followed his wife out of the office. He followed her outside the building to sense them filmed to feel annoyed by the feeling by giving off an ahem sound loudly despite the noises of cars' honking sounding loudly. He heard nothing from Victoria to see her go into the street towards a sedan with dark tinted windows to get inside buckling up his seatbelt seeing her doing the same. Tom gave up an ugh sound as Victoria spoke wording sounding like a place to him towards the driver after hearing the Highlander say his familiar question towards her. He leaned back against the seat to hear a ringing noise to see Victoria pull out a cell phone from her pocket of her white jacket and roll her eyes while listening to the contents.
He tapped Victoria on the shoulder to get her speaking she ignoring him "Daddy I'm fine. Traffic is bad as usual. I'll be safe with Tom besides me protecting me."
He sighed as she paused then continued "Who else is better protector than Tom with me?"
Tom frowned eyeing Victoria who spoke "Bye Daddy. I'll be home when I'll be home. Don't wait up for me."
He saw her hang up the cell phone rolling her eyes and putting it away while hearing another ringing sound coming from that thing. 
Tom frowned as Victoria eyed the cell phone's computer like screen before speaking after putting it to her ear "Perfect timing Robert. I got off the phone with our Dad again. He's still nervous as usual."
He watched Victoria paused followed by giving off an Hmm sound several times with pauses in between before speaking "Robert just talk to Dad about this issue. He went through it with your Mother remember? So talk to him please."
He frowned hearing the begging in Victoria's voice tone as she paused to give off an Hmph sound and thrusting the cell phone towards him and speaking "Robert wants to talk to you, Tom."
Tom didn't say a word took the cell phone and stuck it to his ear finding Victoria staring out the window ignoring him listening to Robert he heard spoke "I'm told you had a female before Victoria so talk on how you got over losing her?"
He sighed and spoke "It took a long time for me to accept that I would outlive her. I admit it I didn't accept that fact right away. I was in denial at first but I forced myself to move on no matter how painful it was."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear "Alright I'm asking you on the subject due to Samira my wife is awaiting test results on cancer. The doctor suspects her won't go away coughing ailment involves that issue but isn't going to make any judgments till the test results are back. Hence I asking you and Victoria the subject matter in question. So hand the phone to Victoria now."
Tom obeyed to get Victoria speaking "Anything else you want to know?"
He frowned eyeing her to hear her add "Alright I'll have Tom talk to you on this subject once the tests results are in. Excuse me I'm busy now."
He heard her pause followed by her putting the cell phone away after hearing the thing give up a beep noise. 
Tom got Victoria giving up an Hmph sound as she was interrupted "We're here at your destination. I'll be circling around the block waiting for you. I can't park here."
He got out following Victoria to find them on their former home's block he feeling confused to why she had him and her there. Tom followed her walking briskly down the street to find her going into Sally's Gonoid Hospital he following he feeling himself confused. 
Tom found Victoria going up the receptionist while clearing her throat to see the female doing a double take look and acting professional while speaking "Excuse me a minute while I page Doctor Penny of your arrival."
He found the receptionist dialing a press button phone and speaking voice overheard "Doctor Penny to the lobby."
Tom waited seemingly lengthy sensing himself filmed to ignore it as Doctor Penny the female he met taking care of Whitey arrived into view to speak after shaking Victoria's hand "Greetings Miss Montreal. Please come with me."
He followed them to the cat room to hear a loud hissing sound of a cat being feral to find Doctor Penny pointing to a cat cage and giving him a glare. He peered into the cage to find a cat appearing to look pregnant while appearing to be struggling to push the kittens out. He sighed figuring to himself that one of the kittens had blocked the opening by being born wrong hence the cat's trouble. He undid the cage's hook and reached a hand towards the cat to get her swatting his hand with scratches multiple times he ignored the pain to place a hand on top of the female's head rubbing gently. Tom found the cat quit her nastiness to meow in a pained tone and she didn't protest as a vet tech reached into the cage while wearing gloves and adjusted the furball to have back end facing her. He stepped back watching as the vet tech pulled out a kitten and darted away carrying it. Tom focused onto the cat to find her giving birth easily to four kittens she ignoring that one kitten was taken and him watching her. 
He sighed and shut the cage's door to get Victoria speaking "Tom you need to wash your hands."
Tom sighed and eyed Doctor Penny who led him to a sink in an apparent operation room and held up the soap which he rolled his sleeves and washed his hands and wrists and bare part of his arms thoroughly. He got handed a towel once done to dry himself and followed Doctor Penny back to the cat room to see Victoria holding a black cat and speaking.
He hearing "Ooh you're a cutie."
He sighed hearing the baby voice tone of Victoria's to frown eyeing her cuddle the black cat that put a paw onto her cheek appearing to be rubbing it onto her face. Tom went to place a hand on top of the cat rubbing its head to feel rumbling vibrations coming from the furball. 
He heard from Doctor Penny abruptly "Its a he named Inks and he belongs to an older folk that's recently out of town at the moment. We're able to contact his owner to inform of a medical issue we discovered involving cancer found in his lungs. We're in contact with the owner to set up a payment plan for his medical care."
He frowned as Victoria formed a glare and looked at Doctor Penny he gulping from the look "Tell the owner to forget the payment plan. The medical bills is on me. I admit it I had a black cat in my childhood myself. My cat wound up living a lengthy life. I aim to repay the favor my cat gave me from being a close companion, towards this cat and his owner like pay if forward it you get my meaning."
He sighed as Doctor Penny spoke "I'll make the necessary arrangements for this. Inks recently came into his owner's life after a loss I'm not at liberty to say with details."
Tom didn't say a word as Victoria gave Inks a kiss on the nose and placed the cat back into his cage to find her following Doctor Penny he following them to the receptionist to see her fill out forms including the vet saying "I'll tell the owner that everything is taken care of. Thank you for you generosity. I don't like to see people lose their pets due to unable to pay for their medical care. But thanks again." 
Tom eyed Doctor Penny shaking Victoria's hand and followed Victoria outside to see her pull out her cell phone she appearing to be texting to him. He frowned as he sensed themselves filmed ignored the sensation to see a sedan twin to the one Victoria and him rode in, in the street waiting while giving him a creepy feeling making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. He placed a hand onto Victoria's arm firmly keeping her rooted to the sidewalk while giving the creepy sedan a glare he glaring at it to notice her looking at it and at him he glanced. Tom saw another sedan twin to it arrive to go near the curb to feel Victoria tapping him on the hand holding her arm which he and her obeyed to go into the vehicle hearing the familiar driver's wording after he shut the car door. 
Tom's nose smelled something triggering his senses to blare warning to shout while pulling at the car door's handle "Get out!"
He found himself grabbing Victoria to yank her out of the car as it erupted into a fiery inferno which he bent low onto the ground while covering her with his body from the explosion. He felt the heat of the eater burning onto his back as he edged Victoria away from the inferno towards the sidewalk to meet the Highlander driver there who had a glare on his face while glaring at her and looking in a direction before continuing the look repeatedly. Tom frowned to figure that the driver was broadcasting talk to Victoria to hear sirens of emergency personal arriving while seeing water sprouts coming from the street lights spilling onto the inferno as traffic backed up driving away out of the street. Tom saw the familiar creepy sedan park itself across the street in his eyesight view and refused to budge from its position as he looked away towards Victoria to hug her she hugging him back in a tight hold. He felt himself filmed to his annoyance as he and Victoria and the driver walked down the street away from the inferno he glancing behind to see the familiar creepy sedan was following at a snails' pace. He felt relieved with the emergency personal arrived and scanned him, Victoria and the driver without any wording towards him to reveal his Berserker side with their devices. Tom didn't comment a word towards Victoria regarding the creepy sedan as a police van arrived and two cops got the three of them inside. 
Inside he found the cops interrogating him on the car explosion he mentioning "I was in a car explosion before. I smelled the same scent before I ordered everyone out of the car. I saw a sedan twin to our vehicle that kept giving me the creeps whenever I eyed it. I saw that vehicle following us when we walked to another street. I don't recall my Father-in-Law saying anything about having an escort."
Tom clamped his mouth shut as Victoria was interrogated she admitting "One of my Father's offsprings fully laid down the law on having a secret service escort in no certain terms were they to have one. I told my Father off once I reached legal adult age that I followed their views and no I didn't need one. Tom here is formerly schooled in body guarding training and has training to know when to protect me and my driver. It was him who told us to get out of the car immediately. He saved the life of me, himself and my driver just before the car blew itself up."
He sighed as Victoria took his hand he kissing it to hear the cops interrogating the driver he hearing "I did notice the vehicle that Mister Thunder talked about parked illegally in the street just prior to my arrival to pick them up. I have no idea if Mister Montreal sent anyone to escort me driving the vehicle. I wasn't told. My car's computer indicated of a vibration in the rear of the car while stopped at the curb to get Miss Montreal and Mister Thunder that was suggesting the trunk was wedged open after I drove away. Sorry I can't help on the issues of smell Mister Thunder said he smelled but the car's computer indicated some kind of smoking object in the trunk just prior to him ordering us to get out."
He frowned as the cops quit the interrogation to hear Victoria groan "Oh dear-"
Tom interrupted by kissing her on the lips she not protesting to it to hug her tightly against him feeling her hugging him back as their kiss deepened. 
He kept up the kissing to hear "Alright end of the road for you three. Ouch! Mister Montreal is outside and he looks furious by that eyed look he's seen with."
Tom groaned to break off the kiss and took Victoria's hand to follow the driver out of the vehicle to spot the familiar creepy sedan parked behind the van as the presses were silently filming. He ignored them to go up towards Jinks who he sensed was furious while having the Master in control that jabbed a finger towards the building's lobby entrance. Tom went inside to hear a squealing sound followed by a bang he finding the glaring lights outside blaring into the lobby gone along with the sunlight. He groaned to feel deadweight hitting his feet to release his hold onto Victoria's hand to will forwards the Berserker while flexing a hand towards an apparent angry Jinks walking into view. He gave Jinks a glare hearing a growling noise from the male to smell salt air to find himself alone with the male on a sandy island with water around them. Tom felt the Berserker side willed aside obeyed to glare at Jinks willing aside the Master whose eyes formed the Guardian look he sensing the filming wasn't there. He spoke firmly what he noticed just prior to the hired driver's arrival and what he heard from the driver himself. Tom glared at Jinks who willed aside the Guardian finding the filming resume to find them both still on the island. 
He spoke firmly "Quit the hissy fit Jinks."
He got from Jinks "Don't Jinks me, Tomcat."
Tom spoke "Oh what name you prefer to be called? Lance Richard?"
He glared at Jinks while folding his arms finding the male speaking "Lance Richard? There's already one Lance Richard and I don't need to be known by that name, Budge."
He felt rage hitting him at the insulting nickname of Budge aimed at him from recalling of an executive refused to call him Tom when he acted in a TV series doing what the public wanted instead of their own way despite he repeatedly telling the executive to do.
Tom snarled "Budge? I never thought you would be so hissy to insult me, Inky."
He got from Jinks "What did you just call me?"
He snarled again "Inky as in Inks. It should be your name instead of that weirdo Jinks name."
Tom got a roar from Jinks followed by the male charging at him which he felt his anger taking hold charged towards him to do karate with Jinks' doing twin moves onto him. He kept on fighting Jinks over and over till the sunlight was gone followed by night vision blaring in his eyesight to feel himself too tired to fight and no longer angry to kneel breathing hard through his mouth. He panted as Jinks quit trying to fight him while seeing the male was still standing but breathing through his mouth while eyeing him back. 
Tom gasped out "Was it bad hence you sensitive to your name?"
He panted for breath as he got from Jinks in response sounding not out of breath to him "Yes it was bad. I don't like the rhyme involving my name of Jinks. I never have. Besides the Jinks name was originally a nickname I kept out of respect towards the one who gave me that name."
He exhaled a breath to find himself back into Jinks' residence into Victoria's bedroom from the looks of it to hear crying sounds coming from the bathroom. Tom forced himself to crawl towards the bathroom's open door he banged open to hear a loud gasp followed by feeling hands rubbing his cheeks he feeling was Victoria's while feeling her kissing him on the lips. Tom kissed back in response to wrap arms around Victoria's backside and felt himself passing out unconscious to come to finding himself lying in bed clad in only his underwear with a feminine body lying on top of him. Tom sensed the body was Victoria's by the material of the tank top and shorts on her form including his senses blaring involving her touching him. He heard her crying again opened his eyes to put arms around Victoria to hear a loud gasp sound from her followed by she breaking his hold to kiss him on the lips he kissed back in response. Tom sighed as she broke off the kiss to stare at her tear stained eyes which he reached a hand and wiped the watery look away. He sighed as she adjusted her position to lie down on top of him using him as a bed and found her pulling the blanket to cover herself while lying on her side on top of him. He sighed to wrap arms around her in a caressing move to sense himself spied on to discover Jinks sitting in an armchair in the room watching. He sighed as a Charon appeared in front of Jinks he seeing the being putting a hand onto Jinks' shoulder in a gentle squeeze before watching the being removed their hand followed by the male leaving the room shutting the door. Tom eyed the Charon who turned around and went to sit into Jinks' vacated chair followed by form fading from view he sensing himself spied on by the senses blaring but figured it was the being doing it. He shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up feeling a familiar mating urge hitting him while feeling hands touching his sensitive part bare from the underwear shorts. He jerked open his eyes wide to find the hands' owner was Victoria naked of clothes straddling him. Tom kept his eyes onto Victoria feeling that she needed his comfort as she had her way with him mating wise he touching her in response she seemingly indicating him to do it. He sighed once the mating ritual was done to find Victoria adjusting herself to lie down onto his form sideways onto him while pulling the blanket to cover their naked status. He again wrapped arms around her and kept his eyes open for a lengthy time period waiting for Victoria to pass out asleep. Tom waited only to feel one of her hands touching his chest palm and felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm blaring its noise. Tom felt himself well rested from the sleeping he did as he heard the familiar typing noises to open his eyes sitting up to find Victoria clad in sweats seated on the armchair typing away on the laptop. He sighed and got up fixing the underwear to cover him out of modesty and got Victoria giving him a glare and jabbing a finger towards the bathroom along with making a shower sign. 
Tom spoke "I need to wear something decent than what I'm wearing once I'm clean. Excuse me."
He found Victoria ignoring him to resume typing as he went to the dresser to pull out a pair of clean clothes and carried them into the bathroom intending to shower. He got into the shower soaping and shampooing himself fully before letting the water wash it off. He raised his left hand towards his scarred cheek forcing himself to touch the scar fully. He forced himself to trace to lines of the scar indicating a knife cut fully. Tom leaned against the shower's tiled wall feeling the hot water to his toleration levels spilling over him while rubbing his scarred cheek as he recalled his reaction to the assassination of a Freeloader. He recalled fully that he went through emotions of anger and sadness including denial repeatedly an emotionless cycle that kept on hitting him over and over while living in Uzan. 
He breathed deeply to remove his hand recalling the reason why he had that scar on his cheek to think to himself "Once an assassin is always an assassin."
Tom sighed finding himself fully cleaned of the soap and shampoo to get out of the shower stall finding Victoria seated on the counter watching him with an expression he dubbed guarded that didn't show how she was feeling while having the Master in control. He didn't say a word towards Victoria instead grabbed the towel and dried himself before wrapping it around him like a skirt. He walked up towards Victoria to put hands besides her she keeping her legs locked together by crossing them and refusing to budge separating them. Tom recalled the rape refrained from adjusting her legs instead stared at her in her all black eyes with a frown on his face. He didn't say a word as one of her hands rose towards his scarred cheek he forcing himself to eye her in the eyes as her hand touched him on the area. Tom forced himself to keep his eyes focused onto Victoria's as she felt his scar and was felt tracing the scarring line fully including seeing her eyes narrow as if she was concentrating onto the area. He exhaled a breath through his mouth from her touching him as she gently removed her hand followed by gripping his chin and kissed him on the lips he kissing her back. Tom sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss to remove her hand to see her eyes still having the Master look followed by her gesturing towards the mirror by her head indicating it. He groaned softly to stare at himself in the mirror while raising his left hand towards his scarred cheek. He exhaled a breath and forced himself to look at himself touching the scar including examining the scarred area via the mirror and his hand's touch. Tom felt himself not angry from the touch sighed softly to place his hands against the counter while shifting to stare at Victoria as he felt rage hitting him again. He ignored the feeling to realize that she was pregnant for the third time with another's offspring as he picked her up and carried her out of the bedroom to find Highlanders there. Tom placed Victoria down onto the bed and helped the Highlanders strip her of her clothes followed by kissing her on the lips and forcing her eyes shut seeing them change to Human blue before he did the forced closed by hand method. He groaned and without a word went into the bathroom to exchange the towel for his clothes and socks. 
Tom went to sit in the armchair staring at Victoria ignoring the angry feeling hitting him to hear from a Highlander using his voice "Go do something other than sitting there waiting forever for this to happen."
He sighed and got up leaving the room gently shutting the door and walked in the hallway groaning loudly which he sat down to lean against the wall only to hear a loud Tsk sound.
Tom gave Willingham a glare to find the butler speaking "There you are. Master Jinks wants you in the gym room as soon as possible. He's in the mood to not have his orders disobeyed."
He forced himself to get up and found the butler gone went to the gym room to hear a roar sounding of pain while in the hallway. Tom darted into the gym room to find Jinks having the Master in control glaring at a male who appeared to have Jinks' face minus the scarring while having long brown hair pulled back into a tail wearing a suit. He frowned eyeing the male to figure from memory that he was Robert, Victoria's brother he saw had his own Master ability in control while glaring at his Father. 
Tom stood waiting for them to acknowledge him to find Jinks seemed tuned towards him by speaking without glancing at him "Tom don't lurk in the doorway." 
He walked into the room to shut the doors finding Robert glaring at him with narrowed eyes he figured the male was upset about something. 
Tom spoke firmly "What's going on to get you both to have a hissy-"
He clamped his mouth cutting himself off as Robert gave up a roar and got the male holding up a hand towards him he feeling choking to mentally will forwards the Berserker side into control while speaking "Shield."
Tom felt the choking stop followed by Robert's hand turning into a fist and got the male speaking "I didn't recognize you till you flared that Berserker side of yours. I know you're deathless like my Father is. I recognize you hanging around my Father running for political offices before I came to exist, via recordings of you seen wearing some grey hooded robe and your face seen. Don't deny it that the Grey One my Mother referred you protecting my Father was you in question."
He exhaled a breath hearing silence from Jinks but sensed the male was eyeing him to will aside the Berserker and spoke from memory flashing in his mind "Yes that was me the Grey One."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Robert to see the male willing aside the Master showing Human blue eyes that reminded him of Victoria's followed by thrusting out an envelope appearing to be crumbled up from his jacket pocket and kneeled while rocking his form wailing back and forth. Tom sighed and went to the envelope only to see Jinks had beaten him to stand staring at the male who had blue eyes seen. He eyed Jinks who yanked out the envelope's contents a few pieces of paper and appeared to be giving it a lengthy studying before thrusting it towards him which he gripped. Tom read the envelope's paper to find it was a letter addressed to Robert Kensington saying cancer was found in Samira Kensington's lungs turning out to be terminal within her and had already spread within her body and that there was nothing they could medically do for her except get her comfortable enough to welcome death. He exhaled a breath to place the papers back into the envelope to place in front of Robert who quit wailing while having his head bowed and appeared to be ignoring the envelope. 
Tom heard from Jinks "Robert, does Samira know?"
He sighed softly hearing the soft soothing tone Jinks was using as he eyed Robert to hear "Yes she knows."
Tom sighed and didn't say a word instead went to Robert to gently put a hand onto the male's shoulder gently squeezing while speaking "You'll feel anger and sadness including denial. You'll feel yourself not able to accept the truth of what's going on."
He got Robert yanking his hand off his shoulder followed by the male rocking his form wailing again to eye Jinks with pleading in his eyes. He eyed Jinks who went to Robert to kneel on the padded floor in front of him finding the male quit his rocking and wailing.
Jinks who he stared at spoke "Tom's right on what's he's said. I felt the same way towards Katherine's cancer diagnose and her death. I didn't take the news of losing Katherine very well as I should. I felt ranges of anger, sadness and denial emotions running through me.  It took me too long to finally accept that she's gone. I'm sorry you're going through this Robert."
He sighed as Robert without a word towards Jinks placed his head onto the male's thigh and got his form sideways onto the padded floor while hearing him crying tears.
He eyed Jinks who kept his hands to himself fists on his sides while having head bowed and appeared to be staring at Robert who was crying away. Tom slowly left the room figuring to himself that Jinks and Robert would want alone time for themselves. He went to the hallway after shutting the doors to exhale a breath finding night vision flaring in his eyesight while hearing a familiar sound of a whistle blowing making him confused to the noise. Tom looked around discovering himself in the Freeloaders' nesting home by eternal darkness of night vision blaring in his eyesight as he followed the whistle's blowing noise that quit to hear footfalls running in his direction to find a cave opening off his left followed by two figures coming into view. Tom folded his arms forming a glare seeing Rin and Turbo coming into sight that paused from running to stare at him with glares. Rin he saw had a whistle like object in dangling around his neck as Turbo's Berserker side was flaring in control. 
Tom forced himself to be calm despite thinking to himself "Rin you little bugger. You've been blowing that whistle every time I get transported into here which is how they seemed to know of me being around. Your mind has been easy for my Father to find me by scanning your mind and counterattack my attacks."
He spoke firmly "So Rin, where's my Father since he's not around to fight me off every time you blow that whistle announcing my presence in here?"
He gave Rin a glare to find his son glaring back at him with eyes indicating of the Master ability in control to see the male held up a hand he feeling himself choked. Tom willed forwards the Berserker while mentally speaking the shield command to find Turbo getting between him and Rin while waving his hands towards him in a threatening gesture. 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to will aside the Berserker to speak firmly "I wasn't ordered by the High Council to be sent here to attack you so talk on who got me here."
He formed a glare eyeing Turbo to feel his mind scanned to ignore the feeling, feeling that it was his son mind scanning him. 
Tom heard blared in his mind triggering the Berserker ability into control "Say your piece and get out assassin."
He heard the voice belonged to a Freeloader sensed standing behind him to will aside the Berserker and recalled fully his oath to Thura that he would tell their son why he had the knife scar on his cheek. 
He spoke while jabbing a finger aimed at his scar seeing Thurin peering behind Turbo "See this scar I have on my face? Back on Uzan I assassinated a Keo out of anger towards the Keo species. I wasn't treated the way I wanted to be treated by the Keos. That treatment included the Human species you are like I am in this form as their called where I'm living. I was treated like an outcast and never received the acceptance I wanted from the Keos. I wanted acceptance and I would do anything to get it. I got angry as simple as that. This scar was a result of a Keo a family member of the Keo I killed cutting me there via knife as traditionally done towards assassins back in Uzan. I wasn't sorry when I did the assassination in question. Also I wasn't accepting that I had this scar till recent is when I got over it. Oh I did oath your Mother, Rin, Thura is her name that I would tell you the reason for this scar which I'm keeping. That's my piece and I'm sticking with it."
He lowered his hand to fold his arms to hear Turbo giving off growling noises sounding like a questioning tone to him he refrained from willing forwards the Berserker. Tom found Rin stepping around Turbo to hold a hand towards his brother when he attempted to block his view of his son. 
He kept his mouth shut while eyeing Rin who spoke "Every word our Father said is the truth. I can detect lies and I know he's telling the truth regarding what he said."
He exhaled a breath hearing Rin's voice tone was in a firm voice with the Master in control formed a thin line with his mouth to find himself blinking his eyes from the light's glare shining onto it to hear a loud meow along with familiar paw batting his socked foot. Tom shook his head to find Snowy making her play with me behavior again which he sighed and kneeled and wrestled with her while forming a frown on his face eyeing her. 
He rubbed a hand onto his forehead to recall Rin having Master abilities to stiffen of shock hitting him while thinking "Cunning Lance Richard! He gave Rin the Master abilities due to knowing that they involved the lie detecting ability to make sure that my son knew the truth from a lie whenever I got around to telling him of this scar."
He rubbed the scar while still wrestling with Snowy who quit to his relief to get her licking her tail in a fast move before darting down the hallway. He followed her to see her going into the gym room via cat door he assumed was it in the wall to hear a faint humming sound coming from the doors as he reached them. 
Tom exhaled a breath and walked away thinking to himself "I'll come back later."
He heard the humming stop followed by doors opening themselves as he took a step away to see Robert walking out who appeared to ignore him staring. He eyed Robert walking away to look away to go into the gym room finding Jinks doing karate onto the boxer's bag and seemed erratic with his kicking, footing and punching. Tom waited patiently for Jinks to acknowledge him only to feel compelled to walk further into the room while shutting the doors with a loud slam. He sensed the recorders shut off along with humming sound from the doors to frown eyeing Jinks as fear hit him making him nervous unexpectedly as he felt a headache. He kept his mouth shut as Jinks gave the boxer's bag a shove before turning to face him while having all white eyes of the Guardian in control. 
Tom gulped as Jinks narrowed his eyes appearing to be eyeing him before speaking "The Meritanians have oath that they'll assist me with the Guardian of Life and Death job. They claim that you're the only person who can be aware of this status other than me. What do you have to say about this?"
He spoke firmly "I guess that they trust me."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks who turned around to resume doing karate onto the boxer's bag as he felt the recorders start up again along with feeling his headache stopping. Tom exhaled a breath eyeing Jinks doing karate with an improved form this time followed by giving the boxer's bag another shove before turning around giving him a glare with the Master in control. 
He inhaled to speak "Willingham said that you wanted to see me?"
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks who spoke "Yes for my son Robert who should be on his way home to be with Samira. Your business in this room is done so be gone while I practice my karate."
He sighed and walked out shutting the doors in response and went to the dining room to recall he didn't take any nourishment since he woke up. 
Tom went to the kitchen doors to raise his hand before speaking out loud "Oh bugger." "Willingham!" He bellowed."
He heard an ahem noise to find Willingham next to him to speak towards the butler "Excuse me can you tell the cook to prepare me something to drink like nourishment? I forgot my meal this morning."
He frowned to get from Willingham in response "Your doctor has ordered you to hold off on the breakfast nourishment till eight o'clock in the morning to be taken daily every day at the same time. This includes the same for lunch at noon and dinner at five o'clock for you every day." 
Tom spoke "Then what time is it now?"
He eyed Willingham who cocked his head before straightening it up and speaking "You have thirty minutes till noon is when you can take your daily lunch meal, anything else?"
He groaned softly and without a word left the dining room to think to himself "I might as well go see Victoria and see how's she's doing."
Tom walked to Victoria's bedroom to hear a humming sound coming from the door to sit on the floor opposite from the door with arms wrapped around his bent legs with head bowed seemingly lengthy. He heard a crying noise of a baby jerked his head up to find the door was open with a High Council servant standing holding a wrapped bundle in his arms while having mouth seen in a thin line. He felt rage hitting him forced himself to be calm before getting up and peered at the baby he saw had a Highlander look on the face with odd ears that indicated Human and a hybrid of both species. Tom forced himself to be calm as the baby flared eyes of Victoria's Master ability before flaring her blue eyes while having a mop of short black hair covering its head. 
He heard in response "It's a male."
Tom eyed the baby to reach out a hand curling it to have a finger out and didn't react as the offspring caught his finger to grip in a tight grip he feeling his mind scanned as images flashed into his mind. He stiffened seeing the images were of his time with Thura via another's eyesight as if floating above watching while having the memories fully in his mind. 
Tom exhaled a breath from the memories from his time in Uzan with Thura as the baby released his finger as he gave up a hiss sound to hear from the Highlander "He gave me memories of my childhood being raised by a First One with special abilities."
He frowned to quit the hiss sound as the Highlander went into the room he followed to see Victoria shaking the effects of sleep from her while shaking her head he seeing a Highlander holding her hand and appeared to be mind scanning her. Tom frowned as Victoria jerked open her eyes forming a familiar expression while gasping loudly sounding panicky to him. He willed forwards the Berserker to mind scan Victoria's mind to sense the Highlander holding her hand barehanded was doing the same thing. Tom stiffened seeing a memory of his time with Thura via Thura's eyesight fully in Victoria's mind. He saw the scene was involving Thura herself he stiffening to recognize the scene it involved just prior to her passing away when he was mind scanning her mind to communicate towards her after she fell into her sickness of some unexplainable paralysis that overtook her body leaving her eyes open. Tom continued to stiffen of shock seeing the memory fully in Victoria's mind followed by feeling himself kicked out of mind scanning her further by a Meritanian sensed doing the scanning and blocking him. He eyed Victoria after willing aside the Berserker to stare at her with confusion in his eyes forming the expression on his face ignoring the Highlanders in the room sensed staring at him. Tom frowned to find the spoken Highlander holding Victoria's offspring that jerked his chin towards her while thrusting the baby towards him. He groaned softly and without protest took the baby cradling him in his arms safely and carried him calmly towards Victoria to put into her arms after she lurched up into a sitting position looking annoyed. Tom eyed Victoria who looked in his direction with a frown before looking at the baby she seen putting a finger onto the offspring for him to hold with one of his hands. He heard Victoria gasp to frown while rubbing her shoulder before seeing her shake her head followed by she getting up carrying the baby towards a Highlander. 
He heard her speaking while handing the baby to the Highlander "Keep me updated on how's he's doing. Besides could you please tell the High Council to wait a bit longer between time periods for me to be used for breeding each time? I keep having nightmares of being someone else while I'm down asleep processing the offspring within me. Hence I keep waking up with a ridiculous panic attack. It's aggravating me whenever I wake up that I forget what I've dreamed."
He frowned hearing that as Victoria he eyed went into the bathroom to hear ahem sounds sounding loudly to see one Highlander jab a finger aimed at him and towards the doorway which he sighed and walked into the private room. Tom found Victoria going into the shower stall to turn on the water he eyeing her she ignoring him staring. He went to the stool to sit adjusting it till he was in Victoria's line of sight while she was in the shower stall. He sat eyeing her shower seeing her soaping and shampooing herself in erratic moves over and over. Tom exhaled a breath after Victoria made another soap and shampoo pass to remain seated as if compelled till he felt the compulsion go away followed by a compulsion to strip himself of his clothes and join her into the shower. He obeyed to do it finding Victoria leaning her side against the tile wall not moving which he pulled her away and without a word hugged her fully while in the shower with the water falling overhead. He sensed her accept his touch by she running hands over his front she felt feeling his muscles that were bulging as always. He sighed as her hands rubbed him all over his front ignoring his sensitive part, his arms, and his face including his legs. He kept his mouth shut as Victoria kept up her hands' touching him all over his front till he felt like wanting to hug her tighter obeyed to the compulsion. Tom rubbed her back affectionately while feeling her hands continued to run all over his front mostly focused onto his bulging muscles while seeing she had head bowed. 
He felt rage to think to himself "You had her mate with a Highlander instead of via implantation, ugh."
Tom willed himself to be calm as Victoria leaned herself against him her hands settling onto his bulging muscular upper arms he feeling her flexing her fingers into the area. He sighed and continued to hold Victoria allowing her to hug him as long as she wanted till she broke it off and got the soap and began soaping him he allowing her to touch him. He found she touched him all over not sparing his sensitive parts including getting the shampoo and seemed to want to wash his hair which he kneeled and sighed again as she shampooed his hair while massaging the area. Tom sighed again as she finished the massaging to pull him up which he obeyed to her hand's manipulation to find her getting him underneath the shower's water followed by kneeling again. 
Tom frowned to think to himself as Victoria appeared to be rinsing his hair "Oh seems like you didn't have the opportunity to take care of a baby involving doing its care hence you doing this towards me."
He frowned lost in thought feeling Victoria rinsing the shampoo out of his hair by her manipulations followed by forced up to stand he didn't say a word towards her as she appeared to eyeing his body for any residue from the soap and shampoo. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria avoiding meeting his eyes followed by her shutting off the water and pulling him out to stand as if compelled. He stood as Victoria got a towel and dried him fully of the water with it followed by drying herself with the towel before putting it onto the heated rack with other towels in the wall. Tom eyed the counter to find clothes appearing to be folded put there while noticing his clothes he slung there appeared to be replaced. Tom frowned as he went to his clothes to put them on finding it was black sweats while seeing Victoria putting on white sweats with pink slippers and found her sitting in the stool staring at the mirror running her hands on her face while looking like she was pale. He didn't say a word towards Victoria to gently place a hand onto her shoulder gripping the area while staring at her in the mirror with a frown on his face.
Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria bowed her head to hear "Tom leave."
He heard the weepy voice tone of her voice took one of her hands seeing her looking at him with pleading in her eyes. 
He sighed and gently kissed the hand before speaking while looking at her in the eyes "I'm here if you need me."
He released her hand and walked out of the bathroom to go to the armchair to find a Charon in a feminine form growling while jabbing a white handed finger towards the door to the bedroom and making karate fight gestures he figured was speak for "Get out!"
Tom obeyed to hear the door's electricity humming after shutting it to groan loudly. He went to the gym room to find the doors open and Jinks inside kneeling onto the floor back to the doors.
He heard as he made a motion to walk away "Don't stand in the doorway, Tom."
Tom sighed as Jinks raised his head but kept his back towards him while hearing the male add "Talk Tom."
He heard the firmness of Jinks' voice tone spoke "Those panic attacks of Victoria's? What do you know of them?"
He frowned to eye Jinks' back to hear "I know daughter mine sees visions whenever she's hit with them. She has complained of getting hit with a fearful feeling of intense fear enough to cause her to go blind and have trouble breathing. This is followed by a vision which can be anything giving any emotion she feels from them sometimes enough to kill off her fearful feeling. Daughter mine has told me she has used her visions to fuel her writing habit of typing them down enough to think of stories for them for her writing career at the moment."
He sighed and spoke firmly "I saw in Victoria's mind during two cases of her panic attacks that she was having what appeared to be memories of my Thura like she was actually experiencing being her. I'm rather confused to that anyway."
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks who bowed his head to hear from the male "You sure daughter mine isn't Thura reborn?"
He stiffened from Jinks' words to stare at the floor feeling himself a range of emotions running through him along with feeling like believing Jinks on what he said he hoping to himself that it was true. 
Tom sighed as he heard from Jinks "I'm done talking to you so leave."
He obeyed to leave the doors open to wander to Victoria's bedroom to find the door ajar along with hearing familiar typing noises from within the room to walk inside finding Victoria seated on the bed laptop in her lap. He eyed her having the Master in control while she was rapid fire typing onto the laptop ignoring him he seeing she had her mouth in a thin line while indicating that she didn't want to be disturbed from her work. He sighed and went to sit in the armchair to get an appearing female Charon making a get out gesture aimed at him making him groan softly. 
Tom didn't say a word walked out to hear the door shut with a gentle slam along with the familiar humming sound to groan thinking to himself "What's my purpose in life at the moment?"
He heard nothing to answer his question to think to himself further while noticing Snowy in the hallway bathing herself he refrained from staring "Whatever my life is I hope I can keep on living with a purpose even after Victoria is gone once its obvious she's not going to live very long as I am. I do hope I'll be able to move on from that. Ugh. I might have to conquer more problems plaguing me. Oh well."
He walked further down the hallway going towards Snowy who he ran up towards him to get onto his shoulder giving off a loud meow in his ear before rubbing her face onto the side of his head. 
Tom sighed as he felt Snowy's friendly behavior to think to himself "Jeez Jinks she's obviously the lady in your life. Oh well if I have to get a cat then that's fine with me."
He felt Snowy make her hold her gestures to obey to carry her purring to the elevator's room to sit on the couch with the cat tummy sitting onto his lap. He sighed feeling her purring vibrations to lean his head back while staring at the ceiling seeing a blurry figure crawling into sight to froze remaining still. Tom ignored the Listener he figured was on the ceiling wearing a tech device to hide themselves to record scenes while on there to shut his eyes.

Tom woke up hearing the alarm clock blaring its noises to growl while rolling over putting an arm over his eyes. He felt Victoria get up from the bed to grab her pillow thrusting it over his head only to get the thing yanked with such force making him groan. 
Tom heard "Its morning time for you to get up. You don't want to miss the call time for filming due to traffic so get up now."
He groaned hearing Victoria's voice to find a light turned on by the glare as he opened his eyes and snarled while eyeing her "Who's idea was it to get up at this ungodly hour?"
Tom got Victoria giving him a glare as she threw him the pillow he caught followed by hearing her speak "Just sit in bed and get fired from your job if you want."
He gave up an Hmph sound and forced himself to get up going into the bathroom finding them still taking residence in Jinks' home the male still balking on letting them get their own apartment within the city. 
Tom entered the shower to find Victoria joining him which he spoke once she turned the water on to lukewarm temps "Victoria, get out! I'm freezing with the water being lukewarm!"
He got Victoria turning the water's heat up to his heat toleration levels to sigh as she got him into a mating ritual he recalling she managed to convince the High Council to implant her instead of doing mating towards selected males. He recalling during their lovemaking he stopped feeling rage whenever Victoria was detected to be pregnant by him. He sighed to focus onto Victoria mating with him while feeling his familiar electricity charge hitting him while spilling inside her she using the Master to make him feel that way. Tom sighed once they finished the lovemaking she called it via her romance novels he spending time in Jinks' library reading to find that she called the mating by another wording in her books. He didn't protest as Victoria proceeded to soap and shampoo him all over he gave up trying to do it himself whenever she was in the shower with him she insisting on doing the cleaning for him. Tom sighed once she was done to find her soaping and shampooing herself which he gave up trying to do it for her and only focused onto soaping her back as asked by her to do it every time they were together in the shower. Tom walked out once Victoria was done with the shower by her turning off the water and went to stand he giving up drying himself due to her doing it for him each time he came out of the shower which didn't matter if he was showering by himself or with her. He stood and waited as Victoria grabbed a towel and dried him fully including doing the same to herself he gave up trying to dry her back with the towel by she balking on letting him doing it to her. 
He sighed recalling being warned by Ajax after a private visit "Victoria doesn't get an opportunity to raise her offspring from birth to walking status hence she babying you so let her. All the offspring including yours you had with her always had some kind of odd mental ability involving mind walking something Highlanders need to teach them to learn how to do it politely. Besides without that polite teaching they'll go insane from hearing thoughts all over the place from people broadcasting unknowingly of it. That's something that happens to Highlander offsprings including others of mind walking abilities hence they have to have mind walkers teaching them period. Also the Meritanians made it clear that their fed up with trying to help out with the offsprings raising so the High Council left that job towards servants."
Tom frowned eyeing Victoria as she went to her sweats to put them on as he sighed and went to his familiar uniform to put the clothes on then got forced to sit down in the stool by her and shut his eyes grimacing while hearing her using the hair dryer that always sounded too noisy to him and seemed to burn his head despite told it was used to dry wet hair repeatedly. He grimaced fully as Victoria was felt using the thing onto him while brushing his long black hair that fell just below his shoulders he gave up trying to leave for the studio without drying his hair and pulled back into a wet ball. Tom sighed as he felt the burn of the hair dryer's hot air to grimace as she seemed too lengthy to dry his hair followed by feeling relief as the thing quit its noises followed by feeling Victoria brushing his hair he gave up doing it for himself. He frowned to open his eyes and eyed himself in the mirror as Victoria finished styling his hair followed by declaring him done before putting the hairbrush down and walking out of the bathroom he following her. He heard a knocking sound on the bedroom door to groan loudly and without a word went to the door to walk out following Willingham to the elevator to find Jinks inside who gave the command for garage he feeling the thing going down. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Jinks added once the elevator reached the garage "Good luck, Tom, knock them dead."
He sighed to Jinks' joke to his Berserker side and walked out to the car to get inside the sedan and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep finding the car ride to the studio in Connecticut's city of New Haven seemed to take forever before it arrived into the parking lot.
Tom got told "Just ring me up once you're done."
He sighed and patted his jacket's pocket to feel the budge of a cell phone to get out of the car walking into the lot to get into the studio by hand print onto the door's security letting himself inside by computer recognition. 
Tom thought to himself as he walked inside "Damned Berserker side for making people interested in seeing it on TV to get scared crazy from it including this ridiculous series doing whatever the ratings as their called for it to happen. Ugh."
He sighed as he reached the hair and makeup room after exchanging his clothes for the costume to get one of the actors there speaking as always "Remember don't try to scratch my face even if it's by accident. I don't care to wound up with that marking on your face."
He groaned softly from hearing the actor who seemed to have an obsession towards having a youthful facial look as he saw the knowing looks in the makeup and hairstylists' faces to prepare himself for a long day of filming involving his Berserker side. Tom recalled fully as the makeup and hairstylists got him ready for filming was the new executive in charge calling Victoria on the cell phone during her watching him have another newscast recording of playing with cats for adoption. 
Tom recalled Victoria telling him once the reporting was over "Your new boss in this ridiculous TV series called. He wants you to go to his office in the New Haven studio to try out your Berserker side for recording via cameras while doing some scare tactics onto people this time tomorrow. I suspect it's for an episode involving Halloween that is coming up in a month's time frame according to my cell phone calendar. So I suggests you take the opportunity and see about having a purpose to do other than just pleading people to adopt cats judging by their looks Hmph."
He sighed as the makeup made his skin look more browner while hearing throat clearing noises from the female a group of former Hades' title holders attending to him to groan softly to will forwards the Berserker to ignore sputtering of liquid spat out followed by complaints heard from a familiar actor blaring "Could you at least wait till I finished having my coffee?! I'm sick of being shocked by him doing that!"
Tom ignored the actor figuring to himself that ignoring the male would cause him to shut up as the makeup and hairstylists fiddled with his body despite already removing the clothes off and putting on the costume for it. He let his thoughts wander as he let himself get fussed over by makeup and hairstylists to recall going to the studio on Victoria's insisting to meet the new director in the executive's office finding another male in the executive's position dubbing himself Trent with short blond hair and grey and a face that made him think of a youthful look to him while wearing a suit.
He recalled while feeling himself filmed by hidden cameras that new director was another male instead of his former director this time some younger male named Jones who spoke towards him "So scare me with that Berserker side of yours now."
He eyed himself in the mirror to recall flaring his golden eyes finding Jones forming a confused expression on his face followed by flaring the Berserker while giving off a loud growl and thrusting a hand in Jones' face the male blinking his eyes to get the male stepping back forming a grimace on his face while shutting his eyes and groaning loudly. 
Tom recalled the scene fully to find the door opening to show a male coming into the room carrying a camera and got told "Let's see you do this for the cameras this time but make it appear to spin around going boo or whatever you did." 
He obeyed to ignore the filming of the camera and did the boo gesture to get the camera's operator groaning loudly before removing an eye from the device blinking his eyes before focusing onto him he sensed the male was scared. 
Tom recalled Trent speaking "Alright Mister Thunder. Get yourself to hair and makeup now. I know you know your way around here."
He obeyed as he frowned from thinking the memory of filming a Halloween episode for the series that involved a week's filming just to choreograph fights between him and the main character a cop played by the actor who was seemingly a coffee addict always drinking it with eating his food. Tom eyed himself in the mirror finding he looked ridiculous with the getup of pants that involved tightness around his waist, his feet and ankles including baring his body from the waist up while having some rainbow like design on his forehead including hair to have a braid with a string included. 
He felt himself ridiculous to hear from one of the hairstylists having pity in her voice as always "Don't worry everything will turn out ok."
He exhaled a breath to give her a head bob due to Trent's insisting on keeping his ability to mind scan people and broadcast talk to himself, Trent, and security after he did that only to the executive to communicate. He heard the announcer for filming to start to get up from the seat hearing nothing from the ladies but giggling sounds as always and went to film his scene. 

Tom groaned softly feeling relieved to hear the familiar "Cut that's a wrap! Take a break now!"
He found the filming of the scene this time involving the cop trying to reason with him into quitting on picking a fight with him he swinging his clawed hands towards the male while growling loudly as he made himself miss with his swinging as the actor appearing to be scared hid it well while saying the lines and avoiding his swinging claws via choreography used for him to do. Tom willed aside his Berserker look once the scene wrapped to get thrust his familiar bottle of herbal tea from his new assistant Annie an older woman who seemed to have no nonsense attitude towards him who gave up a loud Hmph in a sarcastic tone when he tried to scare her with his Berserker side on introduction by Trent insisting on having it happen. Tom found Annie gave up her familiar Hmph noises whenever she attempted to get his attention during breaks of filming to get thrust his familiar herbal tea drink he drank while not having the Berserker side in control. 
He recalled Trent visited the set to see him drinking from his bottle in his Human form to come up to him asking him "Do those claws or bony hands of yours can cut or scratch anything?"
Tom recalled finished his drink to speak firmly "You got something I can demonstrate on?"
He sipped to recall Trent got him outside to the park across the street with a crowd of people watching ignoring them filming to get ordered "Demonstrate onto this tree now."
He sighed as he sipped taking his time to scratch a piece of bark off the tree very deeply while hearing gasps sound while having his Berserker side in control before willing aside that status and gave Trent a glare. 
He recalled Trent whispering "Show me that you can scare the crowd to go away."
Tom obeyed will his Berserker side and found the crowd running away from him some screaming of terror while he was chasing them around some heard snickering within his ears' hearing while feeling himself filmed. Tom found the filming continued even whenever there were breaks of filming scenes as he sipped the drink taking his time before handing Annie the empty bottle who took it by her hand and walked away going off the set as he willed aside the Berserker to focus onto the next scene.

Tom felt relief once the scene was wrapped only to get old by Annie "Your boss wants you in his office ASAP once your cleaned of this get up."
Tom frowned but obeyed to get to Trent's office seeing the male had a smirk on his face putting him off from the look. 
He spoke "You wanted to see me sir?"
Tom frowned as Trent in response held up a handgun he hearing a dart gun going off from the sound to feel a stinging pain into his thigh to will forwards the Berserker while growling loudly. He got Trent firing another round off his syringe gun this time the dart landed onto his chest. Tom roared an angry sound as the darts' drugs took effect within him. 
He heard from Trent "You should belong-"
He felt himself passing out unconscious before he could hear Trent's finished talk.

Tom woke up feeling himself lying on something metallic and restraints on his form while having the Berserker in control. He jerked open his eyes while looking around with confusion running through him. He couldn't figure out what was going on within him as he sensed his urges to get the restraints off his form pulled onto it while feeling anger running through him. Tom heard voices talking that made him confused to what the wordings were. He yanked the restraints off his form with great strength and sat up discovering himself in a room with blackness all around despite able to see in night vision he too confused to know what it was. He felt his senses blaring warning in response ignored it to bang onto the walls in anger running through him. He felt himself cold unexpectedly kept up the banging repeatedly while thumping his hands onto his chest he feeling himself confused to why he was doing it. Tom felt a familiar sense hitting him jerked sensing it himself but not sure of what it was. He continued to feel a pulling feeling onto his arms and legs as he banged the walls till he spotted something different from the walls banged onto it in response. He heard voices chattering in tones that sounded panicky to him but words not understandable. Tom banged onto the area in a fast bang move to thrust his clawed hand fisted onto it. He found the wall breaking into pieces as he discovered himself lying on metal while feeling restraints on his form and a bright light shining into his eyes. Tom grimaced from the light's glare to recall as if a fog lifted within his mind on who he was including that he had the Berserker in control. 
He spoke mentally while feeling the restraints on his form "Restraints off."
Tom found his order obeyed to sick up knocking aside the light some odd light to find medical personal into the room holding syringes in one of their hands.
He forced himself to get up from the bed seeing the medics backing away but kept their holds onto the syringes in their hands while appearing to be waiting for him to do something nasty. Tom felt the urge to will aside the Berserker not there to his annoyance. He could see the fear in the medics' eyes despite wearing masks covering their mouths they appearing to have brown skin and brown Human eyes making him annoyed. Tom looked up as if drawn to see above him was rounded window showing nothing but blackness making him annoyed sensing someone staring at him from behind there. 
He eyed the window with eyes narrowed to hear loudly "Knock the patient out now."
Tom found the medics darting towards him with syringes in hand he counted about five doing the darting while five hung back. 
He mentally spoke "Throw back."
He saw to his annoyance that his mental order refused to be obeyed as the medics reached him trying to inject him with the medicine. Tom felt rage hitting him fought off the medics using karate combative art moves finding one had succeeded in landing a syringe into his bare leg. Tom felt sleepiness felt himself able to will aside the Berserker to collapse onto the rugged floor while feeling himself restrained by medics.
He yelled "Victoria!"
Tom heard himself repeating Victoria's name as he surrendered to the drug's contents.

Tom came to feeling a hand patting his cheek while feeling himself ram rod straight with legs spread and hands spread away from his body while standing. He grimaced as he lowered his head to glare with accusation at Alexei seated in a wheelchair with Jason next to him and found the hand's owner was Breaker who gave him a beady eye glare. 
Tom snarled out feeling his mood bad "I'll kill you Alexei for this stunt you're playing onto me-"
He was interrupted by Breaker clamping a hand over his mouth followed by Alexei looking away which he found Trent coming into view that had that smirk on his face making him annoyed. Tom glared at Trent who removed his face showing a male Human with brown skin and brown eyes with black hair that had a glaring expression on his face. Tom kept his mouth shut by Breaker's hand over the area as he gave Alexei a glare noticing the fake Trent walking off and out of sight. He willed forwards Sinister only to get Breaker speaking gibberish to find the mental ability willed aside to his annoyance including blocked from willing forwards his Berserker side. 
Tom kept his eyes onto Alexei with a glare of accusation in them as he heard from the male "Breaker, get Victoria into here to see this now."
He heard Breaker speaking gibberish to see Victoria appear in a light show she wearing sweats that gave him a glare before appearing to be glaring onto Alexei as he glared at the male. He saw Alexei jab a finger in a direction to sense a projection of a screen got turned on via the lights indicating it to hear a loud Hmph from Victoria sounding of having the Master in control. 
Tom felt Breaker remove his hand off his mouth as he formed a thin line and glared at Alexei who spoke "Victoria, what do you have to say about this hmm?"
He shifted to eye Victoria who ignored him staring spoke "What's the point of showing me this Sir? I don't give a damn what people think as long as I love him and he loves me back."
He heard the firmness of Victoria's voice tone instead of the Master in control to frown as Alexei he shifted to glare at spoke "Breaker, show him what's going on and use the sound for him to hear the broadcasts."
He frowned as Breaker moved his head to look off his right finding a walled screen that showed a scene he saw was a broadcast of him including hearing "Victoria Montreal brainwashed by a freak of nature into marrying him based on her money and inheritance she would get from her billionaire Father that doesn't approve of the marriage."
Tom stiffened hearing the broadcast he discovering a local news affiliate was trashing him heavily including accusing him as a freak of nature and shouldn't be married to Victoria period. 
He snarled out during a break of the broadcast "Bastards their bastards!"
He continued to see further broadcasts trashing him as a freak of nature and accusing him of brainwashing Victoria into marriage for he was after her money and heard further reports saying that her father didn't approve of the marriage. Tom repeated his words as he felt his mouth clamped shut by Breaker's hand who covered it fully as he was forced to look away back towards Alexei. 
He heard from Alexei "You sure of this talk Victoria? It's all over the presses including accusations of money grabbing and brainwashing in question. What do you have to say about this hmm?"
Tom eyed Victoria with pleading in his eyes who ignored him to hear her speak "Your right it was a publicity stunt to humiliate my father by marrying this freak of nature. You can have him."
He burst out a muffled "Victoria!"
Despite he hearing the firmness of her voice tone as he repeated her name to see her walking away without looking at him. 
Tom felt tears spilling from his eyes while giving Alexei a glare who spoke he hearing "Breaker get the package ready for shipping now."
He found himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing an alarm clock blaring in his ear jerking himself awake while finding himself in on a Navy warship naked of clothes as something cloth was dumped onto him. Tom felt himself sad unexpectedly forced himself to refrain from crying as he put on the clothes and boots that was a familiar military uniform but this time in color black. He felt his hair was still long and dangled around his face as he heard a throat clearing noise groaned softly to form the military attention style while standing ram rod straight with hands clasped behind his back. 
Tom waited as he stiffened to see Yevgeny Visser walking into sight that gave a glare while looking him up and down before hearing from the male "He's all yours Captain."
He found the Captain was a male with a crew cut that gave him a glare by the uniform of brown on his form while holding a cane in his hand. He frowned gulping forcing himself to stare ahead as Yevgeny walked out of sight he sensing a light show from the area. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the Captain spoke "Get this recruit to his designated quarters now!"
He followed two recruits he assumed were they gesturing him to follow with one taking up the rear to find them leading him to the brig to find a cell set aside for him to stay in as his quarters. 
Tom got told on arrival "With due respects do something about your hair. Pull your hair neatly since it can't be chopped off. Captain Lopez requires neatness when it comes to long hair and it must be pulled back neatly period. You'll find the proper items in the jail cell for you so do something about your hair now."
He walked inside the jail cell to hear a sound of a door slamming to find a gate blocking the entrance to hear "Sorry Captain's orders."
Tom sighed and explored the jail cell while sensing himself filmed he found a mattress on the floor with a blanket and pillow to set it in order including items for his hair to be neatly pulled back including a mirror above the sink and toilet. He groaned softly and eyed himself in the mirror to brush his hair neatly as he could including pulling it back into a neat ball only to find the hair band wasn't big enough to keep his hairstyle. Tom sighed and adjusted the ball to discover it could hold his hair back into a tail. He kept it into the tail to hear the sound of the gate at the doorway manipulated to spot an officer a female eyeing him warily that placed down a bottle onto the floor before backing out he spotted males shutting the gate after her. He groaned softly and without a word went to the bottle to discover it was his familiar herbal tea drink without the label on it. Tom sat on the floor back leaning against the small bench while eyeing the gated doorway warily. He felt tears flowing from his eyes allowed them through before uncapping the bottle's contents to see it bubble which he capped it in a fast move. Tom sat crying softly while holding onto the bottle he eyeing it for its liquid to quit bubbling which he found it quit sipped the drink slowly taking his time. He felt himself needing the energy and the drink's contents within him as he sipped slowly and once done placed the bottle onto the floor. He felt the ship lurch followed by the bottle rolling towards the gated doorway to see the female coming into the cell to pick it up she having pity in her eyes seen. He looked away as he heard the familiar gate bang shut to find the female was gone from his jail cell. Tom felt rage hitting him abruptly heard another bang sound to find the gate had a metal door behind it he hearing nothing from the recruits on it. He got up and began to pace walking back and forth his thoughts on Victoria with memories of her acceptance behavior flashing in his mind. Tom willed forwards the Berserker back and forth as if needing to do it as rage continued to run through him. He quit the Berserker to kneel and rocked his form giving off roaring nonsense sounds of anger repeatedly ignoring anything all around him. He kept on roaring till a hand clamped over his mouth he discovering the hand's owner was Jinks he gave a glare of accusation seeing the male had the Master in control within his all black eyes. 
Tom got from Jinks "Hurt my daughter and I'll make you pay for it."
He removed Jinks' hand off his mouth to speak firmly "I love Victoria. I'll do anything for her. I won't harm her you have my oath-"
He was interrupted "Words are cheap Mister Thunder."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks who added "Words are nothing but words said to hurt and harm people. That includes brainwashing my daughter into believing herself in love with you like you have done yourself."
Tom spoke firmly "I still love Victoria."
He got Jinks giving off hysterical laughter in response making him annoyed for the laughing sounds sounded familiar to him and wasn't of Jinks' voice.
He spoke firmly "Ditch the disguise posing as Jinks Montreal now! He doesn't sound like the way you sounded."
Tom glared at Jinks who showed the Guardian ability in control making him nervous followed by the male speaking "You were saying hmm? I'm just your conscience talking to you actually and not this Jinks Montreal as you claim I am when I'm not. So think Tom."
He frowned finding the voice seemed familiar like he heard it before as Jinks reached a hand and forced his eyes shut to wake up feeling the familiar lurch of the warship tipping again making him annoyed. He discovered himself leaning against the wall while still clad in his uniform he feeling his rage no longer in control but intense sadness hitting him abruptly. Tom found himself unable to cry tears he discovering his eyes refused to water to his annoyance while feeling himself sad hitting. 
He spoke "Victoria." 
Tom leaned his head against the jail cell's wall feeling his hair was still in its tailed status from the feel as he leaned his back against the wall. He eyed the ceiling as if drawn to spot a familiar camera dome imbedded into the ceiling making him annoyed to feel himself filmed. He sighed and looked down around the jail cell to find the doorway had the gate removed but didn't have anyone in sight. He eyed the alarm clock to discover that he had slept for hours from it indicating an evening time frame will flashing a digital time on it. Tom sighed as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his right to find the familiar female was back who formed a frown eyeing him he looking at her. Tom frowned as she spoke the ship's functions towards him that seemed familiar from staying onto one before including his expected times for waking up and going to sleep. He discovered that he was expected to sleep during the day and function as security for the night watch crew for twelve hours on shift duty with twelve hours off duty. 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as the female added telling him "You do know where the shower facilities are? I'm told you familiar with the layout of the warship the U.S.S. Visser in question."
He spoke seeing the female grimace from his voice tone "I'm familiar with being on a warship. But I'm not familiar enough to know that you Humans kept the design of the warship the same after too much time living in Shadan or any design changes actually."
He frowned while eyeing her who spoke in response "In case you don't know the High Council had a terrible hissy fit when we changed the design of the Shadonia's spaceships. They didn't like it too well to sabotage our efforts to create more of the spaceships after some received damage from a battle with this species dubbing themselves Rakcar. The High Council pointed out this sabotage effort done onto us Humans hence they insisting that the Shadonia and our species be kept separate with no contact made. They also threw a hissy fit when we tried to adjust the warships to a new design feature. The warships are the same all over the fleet in question including the same with this warship."
Tom exhaled another breath as the female added after a throat clearing noise was heard loudly behind her "I'm Ensign Daisy James. I'm ordered to give you your orders when the time for them to be given towards you in question. One of the orders is you must familiarize yourself with the security detail during on shift working. The Meritanians have repeatedly kept up the joke of transporting gonoids anywhere into the warship which we have to hunt and subdue before transferring the gonoid to the top deck where it will be transported out."
He sighed softly while frowning on his lips as Daisy he figured he'll call her added "The Meritanians have kept up this joke without any efforts to quit all over the Navy's fleet within range of their transportation power. This warship isn't the only one spared from this joke in question. There's other warships that suffer the same fate. Besides the Captain is George Kingly your commander of this warship. He expects a good job from you Mister Thunder. He'll if you do a good job give you various items and permissions to go do something while aboard this warship. This request he gives is towards others not sparing myself as well."
Tom frowned to get up hearing a loud "Attention hut!"
He forced himself to stand ram rod straight seeing Daisy turn sideways from him to stand with hands behind her back as he copied to find the familiar male he identified as the Captain coming into the room giving him a glare.
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line as the Captain spoke "Ensign, dismissed. Go do your duty now."
He frowned inwardly as Daisy saluted then jogged out of the room he frowning hearing a door slamming sound to discover the Captain accompanied by two guards pointing guns aimed at him while having glares on their face. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Captain made a circle gesture with his finger which he obeyed while keeping himself ram rod straight and resumed the hands' clasped gesture while staring at the male's shoulder. 
He got from the Captain "Alright your presentable now. So escort me out and have the Ensign tell him where he's to report for security detail."
Tom frowned as the Captain walked out of the cell with the two guards following to find Daisy coming into the room speaking detailing on where he was to go for reporting to the security officer while aboard the warship and the times for reporting during his duty times he found he wasn't allowed to stop and have anything to take in nourishment while on duty as required by the security detail's Commander. 
Tom found Daisy added "You do know where the bridge is Sir?"
He spoke "I do know where it is."
He frowned as Daisy continued talking "Alright I'm to lead you to the Commander so follow me."
He followed Daisy out of the cell to the bridge to find Yevgeny Visser seated in a chair appearing to be the Captain's chair and got from the female officer "Commander, recruit reporting for duty sir."
Tom frowned hearing that as he noticed Yevgeny Visser wasn't clad in his familiar black suited clothes this time and had a military uniform of black while having gloves on his hands. 
He heard from Yevgeny "Ah the new recruit President Visser landed onto my lap dismissed Ensign."
He found Daisy leaving the room as the male spoke again sounding not of Yevgeny to him but different accent "You seemed to have met President Visser judging by the look you gave me. I know I look twin to him but I'm actually not him. I assure you my name is Alexander Visser and I'm one of the descendants of Yevgeny himself. I have duties that require you to do which I'll tell you what they are."
Tom frowned but kept his mouth shut as Commander he figured he'll call him proceeded to add "Your voice I'm warned is hypnotic whenever you talk. So say something now on that."
He spoke "Sir, Ensign told me what the Meritanians have been playing onto the Navy."
He clamped his mouth shut seeing Commander's eyes form a familiar calculating look making him nervous followed by hearing a loud siren sound. 
He frowned as the Commander spoke loudly "Where's the gonoid this time?"
He heard "It's according to sensors in the engine room. Crew managed to notice that gonoid and set off the alarm for marking its location."
Tom frowned as Commander spoke "Show the new recruit to the engine room and have him attend to that gonoid in question."
He groaned softly to hear a throat clearing noise to follow a pair of armed guards out of the room to the engine room's entrance hearing a Tee Dee' familiar muffled roaring noise while sensing himself filmed from the feeling. 
He groaned softly as one of the guards spoke towards him "Go in and distract the gonoid while we go in and knock him out. So move it now."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to see the guards didn't look surprised to see that as one got the door open to walk inside with night vision blaring while hearing the metal door's slamming sound behind him along with familiar humming noises. 
He snarled mentally angrily "This is not what I had in mind."
Tom heard the Tee Dee's roar sounding louder felt annoyance take hold forced himself to walk slowly into the engine's room he recalling he hadn't been there before even on a previous warship. He felt annoyance take hold as he peered through tubes looking for manoids and Tee Dees including looking around while sensing himself still filmed to his annoyance. He kept on looking till a feeling of being watched hit him making his senses blare warning abruptly as the Tee Dee roared again he figured from the sound was a recording of the gonoid and not the actual gonoid. Tom kept on feeling himself spied on as he looked around to find a console holding a chair with an officer lying slack onto it while appearing to look unconscious to him. 
Tom frowned with shock as Jinks popped up from behind the officer's chair speaking "You know this is just a game. Why are you playing it hmm?"
He found Jinks displaying no Human eyed look to his annoyance to recall the voice sounded of Guardian in control to him as the male repeated his question. 
Tom mentally spoke towards Jinks finding his efforts to will aside the Berserker blocked including mind scanning the male's mind "Why are you telling me this? I know the Meritanians habitually like to play jokes onto the Navy by transporting gonoids onto warships. Quit it with the game talk now!"
He glared at Jinks who shrugged and spoke "I would quit the game talk except the Meritanians did transport a Tee Dee or water sucker onto this warship awhile back. Poor gonoid hasn't been freed from containment since hence it's staring at you from its hiding place waiting to pounce onto you."
He looked around to see nothing indicated of the gonoid in sight to resume looking at where Jinks was to find the male was gone making him annoyed as he mentally spoke "Damned conscience for talking to me."
Tom looked around going to the officer on the chair to feel for a pulse. 
He felt none felt for a heart beating felt none to frown eyeing the officer thinking to himself "Why would they keep the dead in here is beyond me?"
Tom heard a roaring sound behind him spun around only to get a familiar gonoid landing onto him from above while trying to bite his neck he putting his clawed hands onto the jaw area keeping it shut. The Tee Dee he glared at struggled to get his hands off its jaw while shaking its head repeatedly he keeping an ironclad hold onto it.
Tom heard "Aren't you tired? Wouldn't doing that get you tired hmm?"
He grimace from Jinks' singing voice sounding within his ears as he kicked the Tee Dee's belly with his booted foot finding the gonoid backing up and getting off of him as he got up in a fast move. Tom forced himself to ignore Jinks singing while spotting the male leaning against the wall as he and the Tee Dee circled each other. 
He mentally spoke in response while eyeing Jinks "Sleep."
Tom shifted just in time to see the Tee Dee launched itself towards him to repeat the sleep command to find the gonoid collapsing onto the floor will appearing to be conked out to him. 
Tom heard a loud yawn sound to find Jinks coming into sight stretching arms while speaking "Dear I must have overslept again. Your alarm clock is blaring you awake."
He felt confusion hitting him to blink his eyes to hear the familiar sound of the alarm clock jerked open his eyes while grimacing from the pain within the side of his neck. He found himself still in the brig while finding Daisy in view that held up his alarm clock who thrust it towards him he gripped in a fast move with confusion running through him. Tom frowned eyeing Daisy who formed a glare and heard her clearing her throat to recall the Berserker was in control grimaced as he willed it aside despite the pain in his neck becoming worse off. He grimace forming the expression on his face and forced himself to get up from the floor after hearing Daisy do more throat clearing noises. 
Tom frowned forcing himself not to grimace from the pain while eyeing Daisy who spoke "Alright the Meritanians had transported a Tee Dee into the engine room who sucked a crew member unconscious. They prefer their victims to be wide awake while their sucking instead of sleeping. That gonoid in question was caught sucking onto you as the guards shot it unconscious. We managed to get the thing out of the engine room to the land deck where it's awaiting transport at the moment."
He frowned to give a head bob in response feeling himself not keen on talking to find Daisy added "It's your duty to see this gonoid transported off the warship so hit the land deck now. I have my orders."
Tom frowned further to find Daisy jogging out of the cell which he made a motion to follow only to get the gate slamming shut followed by "Transport hasn't arrived yet so wait here."
He didn't say a word in response went back to bed to shut his eyes only to hear a familiar roaring noise to find himself on the land deck of the warship where there weren't any planes in sight as he saw a Tee Dee ahead of him shaking its head of sleep. 
Tom growled out "What joke is this?"
He got Jinks appearing in a light show off his right "Joke? What joke are you talking about hmm? Shouldn't you be sucking that Tee Dee before it sucks you in response?"
He frowned for Jinks was displaying the Guardian ability as the Tee Dee he saw got up and began to circle him making him annoyed as the male was ignored. He stiffened as he eyed the Tee Dee while feeling hunger running through him terribly as Jinks disappeared in a light show. He found his Berserker side kept away as he felt something like a tube in his mouth clamped it closed while forcing himself to suck it he finding darkness hitting him in response as he felt himself lying on a bed wearing restraints on his form with the taste of milk fully in his mouth as he sucked the tube. Tom continued to suck the tube's contents repeatedly during breaks of swallowing while feeling a hospital gown on his form along with metallic like restraints felt clamped over his ankles and wrist. He found a cloth was covering his eyes as he kept on sucking the tube's milk liquid. He felt the tube removed once he had an enough and grimaced fully from the pains hitting his body that felt like needles injected all over him and not sparing his sensitive part. He grimaced while feeling the needles kept off his face via cloth still covering the eyes. Tom felt a hand warm and masculine rubbing his forehead in a gentle caressing move as he shook from the pain while shaking efforts of sleep out of him. 
Tom heard "Make this test quick. He's obviously in pain."
He grunted in response hearing Alexei's familiar voice as the needles in his skin were felt vibrating all over him making his teeth rattle. He grimaced fully as the needles' after a lengthy vibration were removed to his relief followed by hearing a loud cough sound.
He frowned as he heard "Alexei, go sit now. I insists."
He recognized Jason's voice tone to feel the hand remove itself from his forehead to hear additional coughing sounds before the noise quit to feel a hand rubbery indicating of gloved status felt rubbing his face right over the scar. Tom grimaced feeling the eyes' were covered with bandages as the gloved hands were felt picking onto the scarred area indicating another scar over the area from the snipping sounds made. 
He spoke as if needing to do it "What the depths happened to me?"
Tom heard in response "You want to tell him or should I bother?"
He heard Jason's voice speaking that question in a sarcastic voice tone making him confused as he continued to hear "Jason, he's in no frame of mind to be told of this situation."
Tom frowned hearing Alexei's voice as he heard "What frame of mind do you want him to be? He'll always be in a bad frame of mind no matter what you say towards him in question. This Berserker wants you dead and has kept up the threats."
He grunted in response hearing Jason speaking Rakcaran language to speak it in the twin language "Cut the argument and tell me what's going on now! I'm always angry whenever I wound up in your care Alexei!"
Tom heard a Tsk sound followed by hearing "Such awful language he's using-"
Tom spoke in Summeran interrupting Alexei speaking while feeling the snipping of scissors quit onto his scarred cheek "Get to the point and tell me what's going on!"
He heard an Hmph sound followed by "You tell him I'm not doing that responsibility."
Tom frowned hearing Jason's voice as Alexei was heard "Alright the High Council had you manipulated without your knowledge to be a victim of this Treater's obsession towards Victoria in question."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line as Alexei kept talking "Treater aka Ham Bin has been stalking Victoria using various disguises despite having a Highlander appearance on the face involving his eyes. His stalking according to the High Council was getting way too much for Victoria hence Mister Montreal had to get involved. Mister Bin was detected to be not in the right frame of mind when he started his stalking behavior towards Victoria in question. It's been going on for years till he saw you and Victoria getting married snapped and was busy trying something harmful towards you in question. Hence he able to gain entrance into Trent the executive's office by being disguised as the male after he was found knocked unconscious in his home once Mister Bin was knocked out and disguise discovered."
Tom spoke firmly "What did this Mister Bin do to my face in question?"
He heard from Alexei "I'm sorry Tom but Mister Bin was caught knifing you on the face repeatedly which you have more than just that scar line on the area."
He spoke "No! No! No!"
Tom wailed out a nonsense sound as he felt a hand covering his mouth in response cutting off his wailing that seemed familiar as he felt the familiar senses going off making him confused. 
He quit his noises as the hand was felt rubbing the scar area before hearing "Sorry Tom but nothing can be done to erase those scars. The knife cuts were very deep enough to cause scarring in question. Besides with the proper makeup as its called you can disguise the scars if you want."
He grimaced fully on his face while groaning loudly in response to Alexei's voice as the familiar hand was felt still rubbing his scarred area in a gentle caressing move. Tom sighed softly exhaling a breath through his mouth feeling the hand's touch he recalled fully belonged to Alexei who had touched his forehead before going to sit down. He found himself not complaining from the hand's soothing caress as he sighed loudly.
He heard "He likes the touch I'm giving him."
Tom frowned hearing Alexei's voice to frown while feeling the bed get forced into a sitting position followed by blinking his eyes as the bandages were removed along with the hand. He blinked his eyes to stare at Alexei standing next to his bed who gave up a cough sound before going to sit into a wheelchair while coughing up spasms. He found Jason in sight putting a hand onto Alexei's shoulder forming ranges of emotions on the male's face to see Alexei wave him off before quitting the coughing. 
Tom exhaled a breath while leaning back in the bed eyeing Alexei who looked his way and got from the male "What do you know of mercy hmm?"
He exhaled a breath and formed a frown as Alexei appeared to be asking his question towards Jason who gave a head bob but didn't say a word in response with his golden eyes narrowing while aimed at the male he saw. 
Tom frowned eyeing Alexei who spoke while looking at him "I asked you a question Tom."
He inhaled and spoke "Mercy? What's that?"
He got from Alexei who spoke "Mercy towards the one who gave you those scars on your face in question, Tom."
Tom formed a glare and spoke angrily "Why should I? I've been marked as an assassin. Once an assassin is always an assassin period."
He glared at Alexei while fisting his hands to find the male looking at Jason before resuming looking at him and speaking "Marked as an assassin? What talk is that? Must be something the High Council threw into your mind as programming."
He spoke "It's not High Council's programming. The cut marking me as an assassin was already there before I joined that group in servitude. They cut me in retaliation for assassinating one of them. It happened before exiling me away from the only home I knew of. I prefer to be in exile than back to home with those fools. They never accepted me no matter what I did, for they always saw me as an outcast. They refused to have anything to do with me and used me for an amusing them like a toy. I don't give a damn how you feel towards them. I will always see them as my enemy for that out casted behavior they pulled onto me."
He saw Alexei resume looking at Jason followed by the male looking at him and speaking "Your Father cared about you, Tom."
Tom spoke "How can my Father care about me? He was locked up kept out of raising me my whole life. He had no say on how to raise me. He wound up locked up soon after my Mother was assassinated by my Father's people due to some nasty belief in her mind that she didn't like my Father. Besides they took me out of my Mother via force while I was just a baby. I'm sure that my Mother suffered in pain from the removal of me yanked out including my Father's protests ignored to keep her alive."
He felt tears flowing from his eyes to continue speaking "They killed her soon after I was taken out anyway. I got my revenge by killing the one who killed my Mother. Those Freeloaders as I call them retaliated by giving me this scar on my face. It's traditionally done towards those who kill another marking them as an assassin."
He felt his voice broken looked away while feeling tears continued flowing to continue speaking "I'm an assassin what do you expect? Once an assassin is always an assassin I'll always be an assassin period. I can't seem to get out of that job no matter where I am."
Tom broke himself off to allow the tears to flow to hear from Alexei "Alright knock him out now! Let him sleep it off!"
Tom didn't protest as an oxygen mask was placed over his mouth and nose area covering them followed by feeling air blowing into as he felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes and surrendered to the darkness overtaking him.

Tom came to hearing a familiar alarm clock blaring its noises to discover himself lying in bed that felt odd and seemed like a hospital bed to him. He felt bandages on his face rolled over in response feeling himself too depressed to wake up only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder that seemed firm and insisting. 
Tom spoke firmly "Say your piece and leave me alone."
He heard an Hmph sound in a familiar voice followed by feeling himself forced onto his back and felt the hand's resume shaking him on his shoulder. 
Tom opened his eyes to find Jinks removed his hand he giving the male a glare and speaking "What do you want now? Just leave me alone."
He felt his efforts to roll over blocked by Jinks as he heard from the male sounding of Guardian in control "Somebody needs you whether you don't like it or not so get up!"
Tom jerked his eyes sitting up with a gasp sound as he heard thunder rumbling with lightening flashing via the windows. He frowned to rub a hand over his scarred cheek to feel only one familiar scar remained while it indicated of soreness to him. He groaned softly while forcing himself to feel the area before removing his hand feeling an irritation hitting him. Tom groaned softly to feel a familiar tube wrapped around his sensitive part he figuring out what it was forced himself to expel the drug from his system. He felt the irritation went away to his relief to find the bed was in a sitting leaning position which he sat back while eyeing the windows still blaring light shows repeatedly. He felt the gentle rocking of the ship tipping back and forth in stormy waters lulling him to feel sleepiness. 
Tom blinked his eyes from the glare of light blaring into the room to hear a shriek "Tom!"
He frowned as he felt a feminine body land onto him with arms wrapping around his neck and lips kissing him he felt was belonging to Victoria. Tom sighed during Victoria's breaks of kissing him on the lips followed by feeling her lying her form on top of his form and form became still with sleepiness felt. He eyed the door to find Breaker make a gesture of quiet with his lips before gently shutting off the light and seen shutting the door. Tom looked down at Victoria he sensing she had conked herself out from lying on top of him to sigh softly remained awake for a lengthy known time period till he felt sleepiness hitting him as lulled by the ship's rocking shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises jerking him awake with a gasp sound. 
He felt Victoria get up from the bed turning on the lamp and rolled over muttering to himself recalling his hospital visit at the Zesky Asylum "Once an assassin is always an assassin."
Tom felt Victoria's lips touching his in response followed by her breaking it off and speaking "Come on Tom. Care to join me in the shower?"
He sighed and forced his eyes open to find Victoria still clad in her sweats who went to the armchair to resume typing onto her laptop religiously every morning he annoyed to see. Tom grunted in response and forced himself to get out of bed despite not clad in anything on his form. He ignored Victoria's typing noises to go into the bathroom intending to shower. 

Tom came out of the bathroom once done clad in his familiar uniform with a glare on his face he finding Victoria had kept up her typing and was ignoring him as he heard the familiar door knocking sound. 
He muttered as he went to the door to yank it open "I hate mornings."
Tom found instead of Willingham at the door but Jinks giving him a familiar glare as if hearing his comment. He gulped and walked out to frown while staring at Jinks as he sensed the familiar filming via Listener sense again. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as he eyed Jinks who spoke "You hate mornings? Don't tempt me to dump you into Wethersfield in that apartment complex I own just to have you avoid this early wake up time."
Tom frowned as Jinks' blue eyes turned all black looking which he kept his mouth shut and without a word followed the male to the elevator to find him giving the order to the lobby to his confusion. 
He stared at Jinks who noticed his staring spoke "There's a pressing matter involving this Ham Bin odd name for him to have the presses have refused to drop the subject if they don't get a word from you."
He groaned softly to get Jinks giving him a glare making him gulp again followed by the male speaking "Groaning hmm? I see public speaking isn't your thing isn't it?"
He spoke feeling like needing to do it "I remember fragments of what happened to me including dreaming of something realistic that I'm not even sure of which one is the actual memory."
He frowned eyeing Jinks who's all black eyes narrowed before the male spoke "In good time you'll remember which one is which. Don't worry about it."
Tom frowned as the elevator was felt reaching the lobby floor to find sunlight glaring outside via the doors' entrance to glare at Jinks who walked out ignoring him which he followed. He wound up finding the glare was of multiple presses lights blaring onto the entrance some felt blaring into his eyes as he walked out hearing multiple gasping sounds. Tom held a hand over his eyes as the lights' glare became more glaring. 
He felt a hand tapping him on the shoulder he glanced to find Jinks who spoke "Just say something instead of ignoring it."
Tom spoke loudly after seeing the presses' lights still blaring onto him "I can't see a thing with your lights blaring onto me. If you want my Berserker side in control simply ask me instead of blaring your ridiculous lights. It puts me off from wanting to put that in control."
He heard gasps sound to hear various questions aimed at him about a male named Ham Bin knocking him out unconscious via some drugged status making him annoyed as the lights' continued their blaring onto his eyes. Tom covered his eyes with a hand as the voices cut its chatter abruptly followed by silence in response. 
He heard "Admit it, Tom that drugs such as sleeper drugs can knock you out!"
Tom groaned softly from hearing the voice a female speaking that that had accent reminding him of Yevgeny Visser's speaking that line spoke while struggling to glare onto the presses despite their lights "I'm Human like you are as I appear. I'm no different from a Human internally. Besides I'm pretty sure that sleeper drugs aren't the only thing that can knock me out in question."
He glared at the presses while squinting from their lights blaring onto him as he heard loudly "Human? You don't look Human by your eyes and unusual size for a Human to have at the moment. You look more something else than Human as you claim to be, like a freak of nature."
Tom felt rage hitting him flared the Berserker side in control to get multiple lights flashing onto him followed by folding his arms willing himself to calm while thinking to himself "Thanks a lot you stinker for riling me up."
He willed aside the Berserker feeling his mood become bad as the lights continued their glaring shining onto him to hear loudly "What's a freak of nature like you doing in this city married to Victoria Montreal?"
Tom kept his mouth shut in response to hear a familiar squealing sound behind him to find Jinks off his left when he looked behind him giving him an all black eyed glare in response to the noises despite the doors to the entrance shut. 
He mentally spoke sensing Jinks' look was a glare of accusation despite having the Master in control "Cunning bastard! Put me up for this stunt just to figure out for himself if I truly love Victoria."
He looked away towards the lights' glare he figuring to himself "I'll think this myself."
He spoke "Freak of nature? I'm just an anomaly King Winter picked up while I was living in containment on some asteroid. He was desperate for food while traveling around and found me contained in my prison. King Winter got me freed what do you expect and took me along."
He heard gasps as he kept talking "Besides I would rather be among you Humans living like a Human with acceptance than kept contained in suffering of feeling out casted and rejected."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while squinting from the lights' glare as he heard gasps sounding again followed by hearing a familiar squealing sound of the entrance's blast doors lifted up behind him followed by a tap on his arm. He found Jinks next to him that gestured his head towards the entrance which he without a word blared the Berserker side getting multiple lights' flashing while flexing a clawed hand in the glare's direction before willing it aside and walking into the entrance. Tom followed Jinks into the elevator to hear the male give the command for garage which he felt the thing going down a bit shortly before doors opening showing the garage's room.
He heard from Jinks "Have fun scaring people."
Tom groaned softly hearing Jinks' voice tone sounded of laughter to him to hear it from the male as he walked out of the elevator towards the vehicle where a Highlander driver was standing in front of it with arms folded a glare on the male's face.
He got the Berserker taking control abruptly "Horus hardly laughs."
He sighed hearing that from the Highlander driver to will aside the Berserker he figuring to himself "Must be a part of the High Council hence the Horus' name."
He got into the car a sedan followed by buckling up his seatbelt and heard the driver getting inside starting up the car as he felt smelled a familiar smell hitting his nose to cry warning before finding the vehicle erupted in fire followed by finding himself knocked out unconscious.

Tom groaned hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring in his ear to shake his head of the memory of Jinks' sedan erupting in fire which he recalled found himself lying onto the garage's floor with the car door and part of the seatbelt included. He rolled over feeling his body whined of pain from his rolling as he felt lips touching his lips he figured belonged to Victoria's. 
He sighed as she broke off the kiss and got from her "Sorry I set that thing so I can get up and start my day. You're free to remain asleep if you want. I hope you didn't forget why I must always have an alarm clock going off to start my day."
Tom grunted of pain in response as Victoria was felt getting up from the bed which he blindly grabbed her pillow and thrust it over his head blocking the glare of the lights shining into the room while holding onto it via arm. He winced when his arm complained of pain he recalling that Jinks walked out of the elevator giving the fiery sedan a glare with the Master in control and got him despite his pains back into Victoria's bedroom to find her abandoning her typing. He recalled as he kept his eyes shut that Victoria got him into the bathroom alone with her and stripped him of the clothes on his form that felt plastered onto his skin from the feel giving him pains and making him grunt from her removal efforts. Tom kept his eyes shut recalling what happened next was she got him into the shower and proceeded to baby him with the soap and shampoo ignoring him grunting of pain from her touch. He recalled fully that Victoria got the water lukewarm instead of his heat toleration levels while with him in the shower she appearing to be examining him all over including examining his face, not sparing his scarred cheek. Tom kept himself asleep recalling that she managed to get him out of the shower and then dried him all over making him grunt from the pain of his skin feeling sore from the towel's roughness. He kept himself sleeping as he recalled that Victoria got him into a pair of loose shorts with nothing else on and got him into bed she seen having the Master in control while putting him down asleep. Tom heard typing sounds ignored the sound till it got too much for him opened his eyes and thrust aside Victoria's pillow. He glared at Victoria that ignored his glare and appeared to have the Master in control with mouth in a thin line she typing furiously. 
Tom muttered to himself as he forced himself to get up "I might as well go take a shower."
He got up and went to the dresser despite wincing of pain and grabbed his sweats and a pair of underwear and hauled them into the bathroom, Victoria seen ignoring him moving around. He dumped the stuff onto the sink's counter and glared at himself fully in the mirror checking his scarred cheek seeing the only familiar line of a knife cut was still there. 
He grumbled out loud "Once an assassin is always an assassin."
Tom leaned against the sink's counter while rubbing a hand over his scarred cheek as he senses blared sensing he was spied on. He ignored the spy as he rubbed his cheek before feeling rage hitting him again stepped back intending to bring his fist onto the mirror. Tom found his hand caught by a pair of familiar hands in an ironclad grip he looking to find Victoria having the Master in control that gave him a narrowed eyed glare while freeing one of her hands to jab it towards the shower stall. Tom frowned finding Victoria blocking him from smashing the mirror which he obeyed to her finger orders to shower found her watching him via leaning against the sink's counter he glimpsed while in the shower's stall. Tom came out once done to find Victoria refused to move from her position by her pointing a finger aimed at the heated towel rack. 
He sighed softly to think to himself "Must be undergoing another mood phase."
Tom went to the rack and dried himself fully before putting on his clothes finding Victoria leaving the bathroom once he was fully dressed in his sweats he finding his skin quit their whining of pain to him. He sighed and heard Victoria's resumed typing sounding of a furious pace to him to walk out and sock foot went to the door to the bedroom as there was a door knocking sound. Tom opened the door to find Jinks giving him a glare and made a gesture for him to get out by thumb indicating. 
He obeyed to get from Jinks flaring Master looks "What did that Highlander driver tell you? I know that Highlanders' talking to you can trigger your Berserker side in control."
Tom exhaled and inhale to speak the driver's words echoing them to get Jinks forming a cocked head look making him nervous unexpectedly followed by the male walking away in a fast move. 
He willed forwards the Berserker and held up a hand speaking "Jinks to me."
Tom found his senses blaring warning unexpectedly as Jinks went flying backwards followed by the male flipping to land onto his feet facing him with hand up towards him. He willed aside the Berserker to speak "Excuse me for doing that trick. But whatever problem you have its not good to keep it to yourself. You should see about talking the problem to someone."
He clamped his mouth shut while finding Victoria standing in the doorway a glare in her blue eyes to get him nervous followed by she speaking "Tom, get inside now!"
He heard the firmness of her voice tone thought he heard snickering like laughter within his mind but wasn't sure if it involved his ears as he went inside the bedroom to stare at Victoria who slammed the door with a loud bang sound. 
Tom grimaced from the noises of the door slam to find her locking the door followed by she speaking "Tom, get yourself in bed now!"
He frowned by her voice tone obeyed to lay his form on it leaning on the headboard to get an eye roll from Victoria followed by she adding "I meant without your clothes on."
Tom groaned softly seeing Victoria's eyes focused onto him with a glare which he got up and stood taking off his clothes putting them on top of his dresser folded till he was naked to lay his form down onto it while staring at the ceiling as he saw a familiar blurriness figure onto there. Tom ignored the figure to eye Victoria in response to see her thrust the blanket covering his nakedness making him annoyed with her followed by she seen having the Master in control putting a hand on his forehead despite his attempts to block her and found himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to hearing a loud roaring sound making him lurch up into a sitting position to find Jinks in the room with Victoria both had the Master in control and appeared to be glaring at each other. He frowned keeping his mouth shut in response to the roaring noise he sensed belonged to Jinks who quit its sounds. 
Tom eyed Victoria as if drawn who jerked her head towards his direction he hearing "Admit what you did towards my Tom to him now."
He frown hearing the firmness of Victoria's voice tone to find Jinks snarling while pointing a finger aimed at him "I won't have him hurt you no matter how you say you love him."
Tom felt himself confused to Jinks' words as Jinks added "I can't have a member of the High Council hurting you like they tried to do towards me giving me those nightmares of Katherine alive only to die in my arms. I haven't been able to sleep very well since those nightmares started hitting me I know the Meritanians have something to do with it. It's judging by hearing their familiar laughter sounding within my mind as always. I blame the High Council and their stinking plant servants for making me insane enough to be a lunatic while suffering from living on an alien planetary world within in my mind. Your Tom as you say he is wound up putting me down asleep instead of helping me corrected the problem. He's a stinking High Council servant who's loyalty is towards them period. The High Council will always comes first before you like they always have done towards people being manipulated for this. Don't come crying to me whining about Tom serving the High Council. To him they come first then you."
He willed forwards the Berserker to get ignored by Victoria and Jinks finding his wife speaking in response "Admit it Father that you rigged that car explosion to take out my Tom and that servant of the High Council hence you laughing about it."
Tom stiffened from Victoria's words to glare with eyes narrowed onto Jinks who spoke in response "Car explosion? I had nothing to do with it daughter mine-"
Tom found Victoria interrupting "Don't daughter mine me Father! You're lying on what your saying! I can detect lies Father!"
He gulped as Jinks spoke in response "I expect you and Tom out of my residence within an hour's time frame with all your stuff packed up included. Get your own car, your own residence by yourself. I'm not helping you on that matter."
Tom frowned feeling himself confused as Jinks without a word walked out of the bedroom he grimacing from the door's slamming noises to hear Victoria snarl "Blast Daddy for being in denial about my lie detecting abilities!"
He got up in response after willing aside the Berserker and went to root around in his dresser drawer to find it contained only his sweats to speak "Where did you put my suit and uniform since your Father kicked us out?"
He heard "Tom Thunder what makes you think Daddy kicked us out?!"
He gulped before facing Victoria giving him a glare and spoke from memory popping up unexpectedly "Alright your Dad always gives that talk of threatening to kick you out if you mention anything involving your lie detecting abilities in front of him. He keeps on saying this kicked out status over and over as habitually done."
He heard the door knocking sound got Victoria jabbing a finger aimed at him which he sighed recognizing that he was naked put on a pair of underwear to put on his grey sweatpants to frown eyeing her answer the door. 
Tom frowned finding Willingham at the door that came in carrying two pairs of suitcases while speaking "The Master laid down the law according to him and wants you both out permanently. He's in a rather foul mood when he gave his order. Besides knowing him the Master's mind is made up on this kicked out status to be permanent. I got the feeling that he doesn't want to be reminded of something bad that happened to him earlier in his life hence your presences reminding him of that. Excuse me while I arrange for a vehicle to drive you out. Your landlord according to communications still kept the apartment free for you to retake with talk on security beefed up this time to keep the presses out. I suggest you go take him at his word and see if this is happening. Excuse me."
He took the suitcases and saw Willingham out to slam the door behind the butler only to get another door knocking sound to yank it open while glaring which the male spoke "Door slamming is not proper in the Master's residence. Please refrain from doing it."
Tom gently shut the door in response to eye Victoria who had a glare on her face followed by speaking "Hmph now I have to go around publicity wearing that stinking pantsuit today instead of typing a scene I got in my mind I wanted to type down immediately."
Tom groaned in response began packing a suitcase full of his clothes finding it was empty to find a sweatshirt among his clothes which he put on and put on his socks and shoes while hearing Victoria's typing rapid fire paced making him annoyed. Tom went to sit on the bed eyeing Victoria who typed in a fast move he feeling himself impatiently waiting for her to finish followed by her shutting the laptop and darting into the closet to see her pull out a familiar purple pantsuit and dart into the bathroom slamming the door with a loud bang sound. Tom grimaced from the noises kept his eyes onto the door as if needing to do it seemingly lengthy till he heard a door knocking sound groaned and went to the bedroom's door to yank it open only to feel a fist connect with jaw making him fall backwards from the strength. 
Tom hit the bed's side and groaned while shaking his head from the fist to find himself back onto the sandy beach facing an angry Jinks who snarled "I won't have you and the High Council hurting my Victoria."
He stiffened from Jinks' wording to frown as he forced himself to get up to stand while giving the male a glare who added while jabbing a finger aimed at him "I'll see that your dead if I have to do it. Screw what my Victoria says I'll see you dead."
Tom exhaled a breath to think to himself "Jinks your insane again aren't you? You sound twin to the talk after you got paired to Katherine and you having insanity with jealousy aimed at males doing anything towards her that seemed like hurting her."
He got Jinks' eyes turning all black willed forwards the Berserker to mentally speak "Mind reveal."
Tom found himself scanning Jinks' mind he sensing the filming stop as Jinks was heard snarling "Hurt her again and you'll pay for it with your life."
Tom ignored Jinks' repeated snarling comment to mind scan Jinks seeing Guardian was awake fully within the male's mind but appeared to be sitting on a throne chair with a frown on his Jinks' like face. 
Tom mentally spoke towards Guardian seeing the male could see him "Jinks has a twin named Lance Richard aka Osiris his body's father and original holder of the body in question. Perhaps you should switch with him instead since Jinks keeps getting himself into lunacy over and over."
He frowned while eyeing Guardian who faded from view to find Lance Richard appearing in the male's place to sit on the golden chair and resume a sleeping status. Tom quit the mind scanning to will aside the Berserker to eye Jinks finding the male was lying on the sandy beach with a confused expression on his face.
He sighed thinking to himself "Guardian left his mind with no trace of who he is actually. Oh well."
He kept his mouth shut as Jinks got up to find them both in the hallway of Jinks' residence to get the male still having the Master in control and speaking "Get out! My order is towards you alone so leave! Victoria may stay if she wants! I refused to have a stinking servant of the High Council in my residence seen in my presence! So get out now! Go to the elevator now!"
Tom found himself refusing to budge from moving as Jinks stomped towards him he rolling up his sleeves recalling Victoria's manipulation fully in his mind as the male reached him to try to fist him on the face to his confusion. He found Jinks fighting him karate which he found himself compelled to fight back while sensing himself filmed from the feeling. Tom wound up getting Jinks knocking off his feet onto his seat and grabbing the back of his neck via the shirt area and pulling him half dragging towards the elevator. Tom found himself choking unable to free himself from the sweatshirt's collar tight around his neck. He gagged out as Jinks with great strength threw him into the elevator to land at the guards' feet seeing their eyes widen but remained narrowed glares. Tom got up with an acrobatic move to find Jinks was kneeling while outside the elevator he finding Victoria in the vicinity having the Master in control hand aimed at her Father. 
He walked out to hear Jinks gag out "Victoria Katherine-"
Tom heard Jinks get interrupted "Don't Victoria Katherine me, Father. You made your feelings clear. You don't like my Tom and that he reminds you of the High Council. One of those days you'll have to face your demons yourself without my help. I can't help you anymore Father."
He eyed Victoria who waved a hand to hear Jinks give up a gasp followed by thrown his shoes he caught and found her carrying the suitcases Willingham gave them while giving him a glare to follow. Tom followed finding her leading to the dining room into the kitchen he found wasn't on the large side to his surprise instead seemed like a galley kitchen with a door at the end. He got thrust a suitcase as he put on his sneakers and took it carrying while seeing Victoria carrying hers they finding themselves alone in the kitchen to feel faint rumbling vibrations of the building shaking to him. 
Tom heard an Hmph from Victoria followed by she speaking as they reached the metal door it sliding open to show a stairwell "Typical Father setting off his earthquake power due to some temper tantrum he's blowing at the moment."
He frowned as he followed Victoria out of the kitchen into the stairwell to follow her without a word leading the way to the lobby to find them both walking out amid the glare of presses' lights to get trunks into a familiar vehicle he seeing it was Victoria's hired driver vehicle from the looks of it. He got into the back to see Victoria buckling up her seatbelt she not commenting a word towards him but sensed that she was furious with something. Tom kept his silence while staring out the window ignoring Victoria as the vehicle drove to their apartment building followed by ordered out by his wife in a cranky voice tone. He grabbed the suitcases and followed her inside the building finding the presses weren't camped outside to his relief. Tom followed Victoria into an elevator in a row of four elevators in the wall while seeing the mirrors were gone to his relief as he sensed himself filmed. He ignored the feeling as Victoria got them to their floor followed by getting them into their apartment to find their stuff where right where they left it scattered around the area. Tom followed Victoria into the apartment to drop the suitcases onto the bed and opened them to put away his clothes. He found Victoria had gone into the bathroom by the door slamming noise was heard. Tom went out of the bedroom yanking off his shoes and stormed into his room to charge at the boxer's bag feeling his mood become foul. 
He mentally spoke to himself as he gave the bag several ramming shoves "I don't expect to come between Victoria and her Father. He having a dislike towards me enough to see me as a High Council servant instead of Victoria's mate and equal in this pairing. I'm sick and tired of someone suffering pain because of me. Victoria having to suffer pain to chose me over her Father. Can't for once her Father see me as she sees me?"
He quit the ramming shoves to hear loudly from behind "Get out! I'm in a furious mood at the moment! I don't want to see you around for awhile so leave!"
Tom groaned softly hearing Victoria's voice sounding behind him as he found her giving him a Master glare which he sighed and spoke "I'll need my shoes."
Tom got from Victoria in response throwing him his shoes he caught followed by her jabbing a finger aimed towards the doorway he put them on. He walked out feeling Victoria's hand touching his cheek and blinked his eyes to discover himself out in the hallway clutching his duffle bag in his hand while wearing his sunglasses covering his eyes. 
He found the door to the apartment refused to open regardless of how he ran the doorbell to turn around muttering to himself "Blast Victoria kicked me out in response to being furious with me."
He walked down the hallway towards the elevators to reach one pressing a button and stood rooting around in his duffle bag to find all his clothes Victoria let him keep into there including his sandals and shoes omitting his fighter gear. He felt annoyance take hold as the elevators seemed lengthy with their arrival making him annoyed enough to fold his arms while still holding onto the duffle bag's handle. 
Tom felt his annoyance take hold figured to himself "I'll take the damn stairs."
He went to the stairs to find the door was indicating an emergency exit with alarm sounding if door was open to growl an annoyed sound before stomping back to the elevators he feeling himself filmed again. Tom stood with arms folded waiting impatiently for an elevator to arrive to hear a familiar ding sound to get to the elevator as two cops came walking out both thrusting their handguns aimed at him and ordering him to hit the floor. Tom found himself obeying despite the cops grabbing him and handcuffing his wrists together followed by pulling him into the elevator making him annoyed. 
He mentally thought to himself "Blast, Victoria called the cops onto me."
Tom heard nothing from the cops as they took the back entrance of the building to get thrust into a van after freed from the handcuffs along with throwing in his duffle bag and shutting the doors locking him inside. Tom found himself bouncing all over the place with the duffle bag as he eyed the driver's side of the van to find a black partition blocked his view of seeing the driver. He found the van rattled all over the place seemingly lengthy before finding the doors opening and two cops came into the vehicle to pull him out with duffle bag included. 
Tom found the van got him to a train depot building from the looks of it as the cops got him out of the vehicle and got thrust his duffle bag while hearing "Good luck Sir. I recommended you to get out of town for awhile. The Master insists period. What he says is his word is law around this city. Don't cross him again."
He gripped the duffle bag to glare to get the cops walking off followed by the van driving off with doors swinging themselves shut as if automatic. Tom snarled a growling noise and recalled the butler's words regarding Jinks to recall the cops seemed to refer the male as the Master. 
He didn't say a word walked into the train depot by compulsion feelings hitting him to find himself getting a ticket to New Haven, Connecticut while thinking to himself mentally "At least there should be a job for me there. Whatever Jinks' reach I'll see if I have do what it takes to have a job till he's cooled down from his anger towards me. I don't care how but I'll see myself back together with Victoria again."
Tom went to the designated train getting aboard to sit down he finding it taking him away from Connecticut instead of towards that state to his confusion. He eyed the ticket to find it blared another city and another state instead of New Haven, Connecticut to his annoyance. 
Tom sat back leaning against the seat with duffle bag sitting on his lap while still wearing his sunglasses he feeling his mood becoming bad again to think "Blast you Jinks! You had me Builder ordered to get away from you and your daughter including out of the city! Just my luck you'll have Victoria, Builder ordered to forget about me!"
He sat stewing to himself with arms folded to hear loudly breaking his thoughts "Ticket sir and don't blow your hissy fit onto me please."
He shifted to find a Highlander wearing a train ticket checker's uniform thrust the ticket towards the male who scanned the thing before putting the paper back into his duffle bag. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the Highlander spoke "Whatever is making you furious enough to run away. Just don't let this running away wreck you up from making a living with your life you hear?"
He gave a head bob to find the Highlander walking away he hearing the male giving out his ticket order to eye out the window at the scenery finding a flat grassed land come into sight that seemed vast and to go on forever making him annoyed to see. Tom kept his eyes out the window seemingly lengthy waiting for the train to stop he finding the ride seemed to take forever before it pulled into a train station.
He heard blared overhead "Sacramento, California."
Tom gave an Hmph sound as the train arrived to the train depot stopping which he found himself compelled to get out to walk out while feeling himself in a foul mood. 
He carried his bag via handle with arms folded feeling his mood still bad as he thought "Jeez Jinks. You had to throw me too far away from you and Victoria didn't you?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question mentally added as he went to sit onto a bench with duffle bag still held by his hands he feeling his mood still foul "Just how long will I have to wait till you accept me paired towards Victoria, Jinks?"
Tom heard nothing in response to his question groaned softly to recall as if compelled that the Meritanians' mind scanning had limits involving able to scan the area dubbed New England and New Canada fully in the United States but that was as far as their scans could go to. 
He rolled his eyes while still wearing his wraparound sunglasses to mentally speak "Unbelievable! You kicked me out of getting help from the High Council by having me go to this stupid city whatever it is it involves. Ugh!"
Tom smelled a stink found a homeless bum joining him on the seat that was appearing to be drinking from the smell of alcohol sensed including seeing the male was drinking from a bottle wrapped in a paper bag ignoring him looking. 
Tom didn't say a word went to explore the train depot finding his efforts to get another ticket to New Canada rejected by the machine saying "Insufficient funds try again."
He gave up another Hmph sound and stomped away out of the train depot sensing himself filmed to figure it involved hidden cameras in the train's stop area to walk out taking a road route ignoring traffic whizzing by that didn't stop for him walking. 
He felt the filming quit to his relief once he was out of sight of the train depot to find a cab stopping in front of him followed by the driver a Highlander getting out speaking "Boneheads insists you take this cab now Mindbender."
He exhaled at the familiar wording the Highlander used obeyed to get inside followed by the driver adding while driving away "Boneheads got alerted of Horus's plans to kick you out of town to here via Minds broadcasting his familiar I'm the great joke again. He discovered this stunt and told the Boneheads which it was too late to do anything to retrieve you due to you on the train seen via recorders. Your disguise isn't what the Boneheads is used to."
Tom found the driver driving away from Sacramento to another train depot and got handed a ticket which he took and got told "Don't worry everything will work out."
He frowned to get out and went to the train depot to get into the designated train as if compelled to find the train instead of going to New York City appeared to hug the coastline making him annoyed while going south.
He eyed the ticket to find it said "Hollywood, California."
Tom recalled Victoria's talk involving the city of Hollywood groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead thinking to himself "Blast the High Council want me to become an actor in this industry judging by the ticket they gave me. Ugh."
He heard nothing in answer to his wording as he met another Highlander demanding tickets he thrust towards the male to get scanned before handed the ticket back. 
Tom leaned back in the seat thinking to himself "Stuntman's Association sounds good to me. At least I can die doing a stunt. I'm not infallible anyway. At least I'll get out of doing assassinations despite marked as one. I don't care to become an assassin again. Hmph Hollywood better have something for me to do once I arrive to there."
He heard nothing in answer to his thoughts as he continued to eye the window seeing the train hug the coastline followed by getting into the train depot to walk out looking around and forced himself to walk out of the train station. 
Tom walked around noticing people eyeing warily he ignored as he recalled the Stuntman's Association's address a building in the city and shrugged thinking to himself "Oh well here comes the newest Stuntman in Hollywood."
He frowned hearing the familiar laughter sounding within his mind making him annoyed as he walked all over the city taking a look and see before finding the building hosting the Stuntman's Association and went inside finding the receptionist lowering her red rimmed glasses while showing cleavage as she leaned stood up and leaned against her desk in some sexual way. 
Tom gritted his teeth and spoke firmly after taking off his sunglasses "I'm here to register within the Stuntman's Association Ma'am."
He found the female doing a double take look followed by sitting down and typing onto the laptop and saw her looking at him with frowns before focusing entirely onto the computer. Tom put away the sunglasses feeling himself annoyed with the female receptionist's taking too long to type onto the computer followed by hearing a phone ringing sound as he sensed himself filmed. 
He found the female answering the phone speaking "Stuntman's Association yes?"
He folded his arms while eyeing the female that glanced at him and at the computer back and forth before hanging up and speaking "Boss gave you clearance to get inside. I do warn you like I warn any of the people coming into here to see the boss, that boss might have a demonstration to happen period. Sorry can't say what it is but kindly leave your bag here for security reasons and take open elevator in that direction."
He saw her point towards a direction which he spotted an elevator open and without a word dropped his duffle bag next to the desk and got inside the thing thinking to himself "This demonstration better be worth it."

Tom felt his mood foul recalling the elevator he went into was a trap with some falling feeling felt while sensing himself filmed. He recalled forced himself to the top of the elevator to yank out the lights followed by getting himself into the elevator shaft to find the thing vibrating of falling but wasn't moving. Tom found himself climbing onto the ropes sensing himself still filmed to hear a screech sound to find the elevator rising towards him in a jerking move. Tom recalled he swung himself towards an open doorway as the elevator roared passed him. He stood glaring at the Boss recalling the stunt of going through a hallway with shaking of earthquakes while parts of it feel apart all over the place making him annoyed. He found the boss refused to acknowledge him instead was watching something onto a computer with an amused expression on his face he finding the male reminded him of Trent by the appearance. Tom kept his anger in control as he recalled going up stairs only to meet people wearing karate uniforms doing karate onto him while appearing to try to knock him out unconscious he able to knock them out via training. He recalled to find doors had humming sounds baring him from gaining entry to go up multiple stairs meeting various Humans in karate uniforms mostly males while sensing some were hidden females he didn't spare knocking out in the process as he reached the designated floor to find a door opening in the side of him like a wall. He found a gate banging in place over the stairwell in front of him and behind him while humming of electricity making him annoyed. Tom recalled willing himself to calm the wall led to some dark hallway he seeing with night vision various manoids in the way wearing goggles that proceeded to attack him with various weapons in their hands he successful into knocking them out till he reached the end of the hallway to find the Boss's office room followed by the male eyeing a computer while smirking. Tom looked around the room as the male made kissy faces towards the computer to noticed one of the windows was blacked out and indicated of a hidden room to him as he sensed himself stared at. Tom stared at the window as if drawn to get it sliding open a bit followed by a male appearing to be burly and overweight walking out giving him a glare while cleared his throat loudly. 
He shifted to look towards Trent's twin who did a double take look as if noticing him staring before speaking "Bouncer throw this piece of garbage out now!"
Tom felt rage hitting him willed forwards the Berserker to get fear into the Trent's twin's eyes as he thrust a hand aimed at the Bouncer he figured was named that and mentally spoke "Throw back."
Tom found Bouncer hitting the black glassed wall shattering it followed by seeing with shock a see through glass wall with a control room for recorders facing him while spotting a male wearing a suit that walked out speaking "Interesting stunt Mister Thunder." 
He heard the tone sounded of New Canada to him as he frowned while willing aside the Berserker to get from Trent's twin "Can I take off this disguise now? My nose itches while wearing this ridiculous getup!"
Tom eyed Trent's twin to see the male yanking off his face like a mask to show a different face as he shifted to glare at the suited male who spoke "The name is Leod as I'm publicity known and that's the name I insisted you refer me as. I wish to keep my private life of who I am private. I'll introduce myself I'm the President of the Stuntman's Association. I do apologize for that little stunt played onto you but it's a test every person wishing to be a stunt person in this Association must undergo before gaining approval from yours truly."
Tom frowned to form it onto his face but kept his mouth shut as Leod he figured he'll refer him added "I heard of you Mister Thunder via that cop series you played various characters onto and doing stunts for actors. You come highly recommended by that series. I was hoping on when you'll land onto my doorstep Mister Thunder."
He kept the frown to give a head bob in response as Leod continued talking "The Stuntman's Association has rules which I must inform you of what it is."
He got a detailed explanation including finding the familiar receptionist thrusting his bag he took and got told "Your life as it will be, will be different from now on Mister Thunder."
Tom gave a head bob in response while holding his duffle bag as he thought to himself "At least I get the acceptance I wanted. Since I'm not getting that back home then here I'll get it."
He spoke while eyeing Leod "What stunts do you have in mind for me to do hmm? I'm willing to try anything I can do to my abilities."
He eyed Leod who appeared to gulp he added "Sorry my voice I'm told is hypnotic towards people whenever speaking it. Excuse me. There's nothing I can do about my voice at all. So what job do you have in mind for me to do?"
Tom eyed Leod with his full attention to find the male narrowing his brown eyes with suspicion in them followed by shaking his head of the emotion and clearing his throat and speaking "You have lodges in the city of Hollywood Mister Thunder?"
He spoke figuring the truth is best "I just arrived to the city to register within the Stuntman's Association, Mister Leod."
Tom frowned eyeing Leod who again got that suspicion look in his eyes making him annoyed followed by the male speaking "Alright there's contracts that must be signed. Kindly excuse me while I go print something off the computer. Make yourself at home Mister Thunder."
He went to sit down in an armchair to find Leod going into the control room shutting the door and appeared to screaming at the receptionist by the behavior making him annoyed. Tom eyed them both followed by the receptionist appearing to be annoyed jabbed a finger aimed at a computer monitor back to him and gave Leod a glare with her glasses fully on her face. He frowned watching Leod appear to be watching something on the computer seemingly lengthy annoying him to see the male roll his eyes before turning his back to him and speaking towards the receptionist which both appeared to be calm to him. Tom frowned eyeing them both seemingly having a talk before Leod walked out followed by the receptionist carrying a pile of papers picked up from a computer monitor and put them onto the desk. He got a throat clearing noise from Bouncer who appeared to have recovered from being thrown back giving him a golden eyed glare which he got up and went to the desk to sit at one of the chairs while eyeing Leod. 
Tom frowned as Leod spoke "Alright be prepared to sign your life away Mister Thunder."
He got handed the pen he took via his left hand and spoke "Where do I sign Mister Leod?"
Tom got instructions by the receptionist on where to sign which he obeyed printing his name of Tom Thunder onto the forms after giving them quick scans to read each paper. He recalled the paperwork was twin to his contract with the TV series signed as he mentally thought to himself "At least I'll have something to do for my life with acceptance I wanted."
He smirked once the last page was signed and eyed Leod waiting for orders to do.

Tom sat across from Leod in the male's office while feeling like grimacing from the pain of his broken arm running through him while it was in a sling. He grimaced feeling his body complained of pain from all the punishing stunts he threw himself into hoping to die only to survive every one of them while hospitalized repeatedly. He eyed Leod who had a glare on his face with no paperwork in front of him for another contract despite the time was already a Human calendar year since he signed up.
Leod he eyed despite wearing the wraparound sunglasses with pleading spoke "You have some death wish don't you Mister Thunder."
Tom grimaced inwardly hearing Leod's tone was serious and appeared to be a statement and not a question. 
He spoke after removing his sunglasses while still grimacing from the pain "Death wish? I don't give a care about that. Just sign me up again."
He formed pleading on his face to get Leod speaking in response "You're already used up your nine lives here in the Stuntman's Association. I'm not resigning you to a new contract. Just go home and rest while you're at it. You look like you could use it."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing Leod's voice as Leod added "Whatever is paining you at the moment to give you that death wish isn't the answer. Just go home and confront your problems. I'm not a solution for you to try to end your life, you too scared to face your problems. You should be living to face them instead of being in this Stuntman's Association."
He groaned to grimacing put on his wraparound sunglasses as Leod added "Bouncer see him out now."
Tom got his broken arm in a cast grabbed he grimacing from the pain to find Bouncer dubbing himself Smalls a Builder in that job without a word spoke Builder chatter to blink his eyes shutting them as if going unconscious. He blinked his eyes shaking his head to find himself walking into the train station while carrying his familiar duffle bag in his free hand. Tom went to sit down on a bench to groan feeling himself too pained to walk further. He found himself rubbing a hand on his forehead despite the sunglasses covering his eyes. He spotted three figures looking familiar dressed in Master Organization's cult clothes staring at him from nearby making him annoyed. 
Tom mentally spoke "Blast, I can't seem to get away from Lance Richard's believers who keep trying to make me a believer they knowing I have a death wish hitting me."
He eyed the cult members warily to find the female going to sit down next to him making him give up a sound of disgust loudly before speaking firmly "Cut giving me your religious propaganda now. I'm sick and tired of you people hounding me to believe in your beliefs. What I believe is my belief alone. Excuse me."
He got a glare from the female in response as he picked up his bag and walked away figuring to himself "I might as well get a ticket to Washington State. I have enough to live comfortably in the boonies by myself."
Tom went to the ticket's machine to find the familiar female had followed him to there and was appearing to peer from behind him at where he was punching on the keyboard. He snarled a growling sound and took off his sunglasses to glare at the female while making a shooing gesture as found her walking away from him. Tom ignored the familiar look he saw on her face indicated she and her male companions were going to pester him with religious propaganda involving Lance Richard again as always whenever he came out of the hospital recovering from doing a death defying stunt.
He shifted to put on his sunglasses and snarled out loud while resuming to eye the ticket's machine "Damned propagandists with their religious beliefs."
Tom heard nothing in response to punch in a ticket to a city named Seattle he thinking to himself "At least I'll find what I need to live there."
He picked up the ticket via printout to look for his bag finding it was gone to growl an annoyed sound which he carried the ticket to a bench and sat down while holding the paper waiting impatiently for the designated train to arrive. Tom sensed himself stared at from behind looked around to spot one of the cult's members was leaning over his shoulder he glared at the male and thrust the ticket closer to his body keeping its city's name out of sight. Tom echoed his comment he muttered earlier to get thrust his duffle bag finding the female cult member was the one who did it followed by sitting next to him giving him a pleading look making him annoyed. 
Tom exploded "Just spare me with your religious propaganda now! I'm sick and tired of you and your religious beliefs in Lance Richard pestering me to believe! Quit it now!"
He glared at the female who placed a piece of paper pamphlet into his sling before getting up snickering away he heard. He found them gone out of the train station by the looks of them to groan softly as he with his free hand exchanged ticket to his casted hand and pulled out the piece of pamphlet she stuck into his cast's sling. Tom put the pamphlet onto the bench once the train arrived and ignored the paper to pick up his duffle bag and carried it into the train to Seattle. 
Tom found a seat and sat down only to get a young male thrusting him a familiar piece of paper and speaking "This trash doesn't belong onto benches smarty. Depose of it into the garbage where it's required excuse me."
He took the pamphlet and gave it a glare seeing it was a small booklet making him annoyed to crumble it up thrusting it into a pocket of his duffle bag and resumed staring out the window seemingly lengthy as the city of Seattle arrived into view. Tom got off at the train station to recall one of the cabins he had in the mountains he bought with his own money earned from stunting found a bus to the mountains despite snow seen and cold air seen. He bought a ticket to the bus via hand print method and got aboard to sit into a seat while having his duffle bag next to him. 
Tom thought to himself as he eyed the city out of the window "At least I'll be in solitude where I should belong and not anywhere doing anything to hurt myself. Being isolated would do me some good anyway."
He kept on eyeing the window finding the bus moving and going to the mountains to a mountain lodging city a small town from the looks of it which he got off and forced himself despite in pain to walk to his cabin that was in the forest to find nothing indicated of life to him via the cabin looking dark and gloomy.
Tom sighed seeing the cabin to mentally think to himself "My life is going to be dark and gloomy just the way I wanted it."
He walked up to the cabin's steps grimacing from the pain of his knees complaining and got himself onto the porch to a side entrance he figuring out "I have to use my Berserker side to gain entrance into here."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker side to use his mental ability to unlock the door via hand touching the wooden door's area over the lock. He picked up his duffle bag and walked inside slamming the door to groan feeling himself chilled to the bone via the coldness felt into there. Tom locked the door behind him while willing aside the Berserker while throwing the duffle bag onto the couch. He sighed and found the familiar pamphlet falling out to pick it up and took a look in the paper for any messages. 
He found scrawled in red ink as always the saying "Don't throw your life away for nothing just believe in Lance Richard as your deity and God."
Tom grunted in response to go to his fireplace to turn on the gas warming himself as the fire started burning within it giving heat within his room. He forced open the fireplace's window and threw inside the pamphlet while giving up a disgust sound. 
Tom spoke out loud "Damned Lance Richard and his cult with their religious propaganda."
He shut the fireplace's window to go to an armchair to sit leaning back while having the blankets covering him. Tom eyed the fire in the fireplace finding himself lulled asleep only to hear an ahem sound. 
He looked off his left to get up with shock finding a male Freeloader dressed in raggedy clothing while having eyes of a Human glaring at him he speaking "Father."
Tom got up despite the pain while eyeing his Father who gave him a glare and heard from the male "I sensed you in distress multiple times. There was nothing I could do about you till now. Why are you hiding out in this place instead of going home where you belong?"
He formed pleading on his face as he removed his sunglasses to find his Father didn't look surprised to see him hurt as he spoke "Father you know me very well that I'll do anything for acceptance. Its obvious why I'm here because I don't have the acceptance I wanted. I'm never going to get that from anyone here."
He got his Father speaking "Your right you won't get acceptance here so shouldn't you be going home where you belong?"
Tom spoke feeling tears flowing from his eyes "I'm home where I belong kept alone and isolated, Father. There's nothing I can do to gain acceptance anywhere except being by myself alone forever as I live here."
He eyed his Father who spoke "Then wake up and put the eater out."
Tom woke up with a gasp to feel burning at his feet he looking around to find the cabin in fire all around him while hearing faint siren's sounds becoming louder and louder. 
He coughed from the smoke getting into his lungs as he thought to himself "If this doesn't kill me then I don't know what will."
Tom felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a voice talking loudly "Come on Tom breathe the oxygen! Don't give up your life despite not having a purpose to live! The purpose is there if you care to find it! The opportunity will always be there for you to have a purpose!"
He groaned hearing the voice sounded familiar to him that reminded him of Thurin's his son's voice despite shaking his head of the sleeping status to blink his eyes finding the cabin was intact. He had fallen asleep in the armchair finding himself cold again to find the fire was low. Tom grimaced of pain forcing himself to get up dragging the blanket and went into his bedroom as Thurin's words sounded like his son was in the cabin with him. He looked around discovering himself alone and with a shrug went into the bedroom shutting the door followed by going to the bed and laid his form down onto it while shutting his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Tom came to hearing the doorbell ringing very loudly as he eyed the clock finding the time was daylight indicating an early morning hour. He groaned feeling himself still but free of the arm sling he recalling managed to get rid of it after a week of going around town wearing it getting people's helping him attention making him annoyed despite his attempts to live quiet and isolated. Tom rubbed his shoulder feeling the burn of the pain hitting him making him grimace as the doorbell rang again sounding in an insisting tone. He groaned and forced himself to get up shrugging into one of his sweatshirts ignoring the arm sling and grimaced as his shoulder screamed in pain from it. Tom went to the front door where the porch was to peer out the window via window blind to find a male dressed in a suit with Lance Richard's Master Organization's facial appearance and having long black hair making him growl. 
He ignored the doorbell ringing to mutter to himself as he released the window blind "They'll go away once no one is answering the door."
Tom went back into his bedroom to toss the blanket over his head only to hear the sound of the doors unlocking by themselves to hear the door to the cabin opening. He got up with a growl and slammed open the bedroom door to find the doorbell ringer's male was inside his cabin that gave him a familiar glare with eyes all black in response despite a scar on the male's face making his senses blare familiarity unexpectedly. 
Tom spoke firmly "Whatever religious propaganda you want to teach me about Lance Richard isn't wanted around here so get out before I kick you out."
He jabbed a finger aimed at the door finding the scarred male in response slamming the front door while still inside the cabin and saw the male wave a hand to find the locks turning themselves into their familiar locked position as the feeling of familiarity hit him again. 
Tom spoke again using the firm tone "I'm sick of you cult members or priests whatever your title is and your religious propaganda involving Lance Richard thrown into my face over and over. Now get out! I don't have time for this!"
He glared at the male in response that willed away the all black eyed look forming Human eyes as he again got his familiar feeling of familiarity hitting him again. 
He spoke again "Cut it with the mumble jumbo magic you're using onto me to make you seem familiar to me when I do know your nothing but a believer of this Lance Richard. So make like a tree and leave."
Tom slammed the door to his bedroom and with a groan went to sit down onto the bed only to hear the door's locks clicking open followed by the male walking inside speaking "I'm surprised that you forgotten about me haven't you, Tom.?"
He rubbed a hand on his forehead as no memory fully of who that male came to his mind except the word Jinks blared into his mind making him confused. 
He spoke "If this is another joke for me to believe into your Lance Richard propaganda, well leave me in peace. I'm not in the mood to hear another sermon from your priestly ways."
He got the male giving him a glare and spoke "What does the name of Victoria Montreal mean anything to you?"
Tom rubbed a hand onto his forehead before focused onto the male and spoke "She's my ex-wife. Why are you bringing her up? Keep your matchmaking to yourself and have her paired to someone else. I don't give a damn on whether people insisted on having us together. I'm sick of it."
He again laid his form down onto the bed ignoring the male speaking "What does the name of Jinks Montreal mean anything to you?"
He jerked himself up into a sitting position while willing forwards the Berserker to feel rage hitting him. Tom found the male kept a hand up facing him while having the familiar all black eyed look of the Master in control as he gave up a loud roar in response. 
He felt his throat become raw from the roaring cut his noises to figure that he was choking to find the male waving a hand and speaking firmly "Will that status aside now, Tom."
Tom obeyed finding the male refused to budge on being scared off via his Berserker side despite having success into doing such scaring onto people. 
He gave the male a glare and spoke firmly once in Human form "Jinks Montreal is the damned reason why I'm throwing myself into those stupid stunts just to kill myself. I'm in too much pain at the moment to hear you sweet talk me into liking this male in question. I don't want to hear it anymore. I had enough of you and your cult's propaganda so get out now!"
Tom willed forwards the Berserker finding himself choking to ignore the feeling as he got up from the bed and went to the male to grab the male's neck only to find the male using karate like an expert onto his grabbing holds. 
He felt frustration as the male spoke while having hands up in front of him "Why don't you just mind scan me if you want me kicked out."
Tom obeyed to see a familiar wall fully in the male's mind as he grabbed him by the throat along with Lance Richard seated on a golden throne appearing to be in a sleeping status his senses again blared as he felt the male's hand touching his forehead. He jerked while grimacing from the mind scanning to realize with a start that the male was Jinks Montreal himself to feel rage hitting him. 
Tom gave off a snarling sound without a word mentally spoke towards Jinks' mind "Wall up." 
He found his order obeyed to haul Jinks out and threw him onto the porch seeing the male flip to land onto his feet.
Tom willed aside the Berserker and spoke as Jinks glared at him with all black eyes "Jinks Montreal, I know who you are anyway. Get out of my cabin and stay out. I don't care to listen to your excuses on what I should be doing with my life. I'm living the way I want and it's where I wanted it. So leave me alone."
He slammed the door with a bang sound and locked the chain lock figuring to himself "At least it'll keep him out."
Tom went to the side door and locked it with a chain before going back into his bedroom to lie down shutting his eyes while grimacing of pain hitting him. He felt himself still grimacing to hear the doorbell ringing sounding in an insisting tone. He rolled over ignoring the sound till it got the best of him and got up from bed stomping towards the front door to yank it open after yanking the chain off to find instead of Jinks a familiar female staring at him with a frown on her face.
Tom frowned stiffening recognizing Victoria Montreal as she spoke "Tom can I come in?"
He felt his mood flatten hearing her speaking using a pleading voice tone while having that look in her eyes spoke in a rude tone "Our relationship is over. You kicked me out remember? You kicked me out of your life so get out of mine now! Leave me alone!"
He slammed the door in response and again locked the doors via chain and without a word went back to bed to lie down onto the bed he forcing himself to ignore the doorbell ringing sounding loudly vibrating throughout the cabin. 
Tom eyed the speaker to the doorbell on the wall willed forwards the Berserker side and waved a clawed hand towards it mentally speaking "Speaker out."
He willed aside the Berserker seeing sparks flash from the speaker and rolled over shutting his eyes only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. 
Tom jerked up into a lurch to find the hand's owner was his Father who glared at him and got from the male speaking "I'm disappointed in your attitude regarding your safety in question. You should be out of this cabin instead of staying in it suffering from injuries involving an eater you started when you turned off that noise maker."
He stiffened as he felt his eyes forced shut came to coughing loudly while hearing glass breaking sound to find a fire eating away onto his wall. 
Tom groaned seeing the fire as the glass continued to break he mentally spoke "Oh forget it. I don't care what anyone says. I don't have a purpose to live anyway."
He rolled over and threw the blanket over his head to pass out unconscious from breathing the fire's fumes.

Tom came feeling himself sick enough to throw up groaned while feeling himself itching to throw up. He moaned while feeling himself lying onto a bed while feeling vibration of an airplane making him shocked to feel despite letting himself die in a fire. He rubbed a hand onto his forehead as he felt the hand was gripped by another hand he was rubbing onto his face in some soothing manner. It shocked him enough to jerk open his eyes to find the hand's owner was Victoria who without a word towards him removed the oxygen mask off his face and thrust him a familiar barf bag he took and threw up into it. He threw up his entire stomach's contents finding the throwing up involved dry heaves including gagging feelings. Tom felt Victoria's hand touching his forehead as he grabbed it with a hand. He exhaled a breath finding she giving him the familiar look he craved from females he bedded them amused to mate with him despite still calling him a married man he using them for his urges. 
Tom took Victoria's hand and placed it onto his scarred cheek while pleading "Just put me down asleep now. I don't want to wake up sick again."
He eyed Victoria who placed a finger onto his lips cutting off his talk as he felt the plane going through turbulence again resumed his dry heaving onto the barf bag finding the feeling refused to quit to his annoyance. Tom felt relief once the plane landed to groan while lying back onto the bed shutting his eyes as he felt a compulsion to keep them shut. He felt sunglasses placed onto his eyes followed by forced up he groaning into a standing position and forced by Victoria he felt out of the airplane into a car he leaned against her shoulder while wrapping a free arm around her and kept himself asleep during the car ride to Jinks' building was where he was going. 

Tom came to feeling the sedan stop followed by the car door opening in front before starting up again and driving away he hearing "Victoria how is he?"
He grimaced from Jinks' voice while putting his face onto Victoria's shoulder to hide his face grimacing of pain. He kept the arm around Victoria while feeling his arm back into a sling from the feel including a new cast on the area making him sigh softly. Tom didn't say a word as the sedan was felt driving through bad traffic he assumed was in New York City only to feel it getting onto a country road to groan from the bumps and jarring thumps felt all over. 
He roared loudly "Cut the lousy driving and make it smoother now! I'm still in pain from the bumping all over the place!"
He kept his face onto Victoria's shoulder as he tightened his arm's hold around her while grimacing from the bumping of the vehicle felt driving onto a dirt road till it reached smooth road to his relief. Tom kept his eyes shut while gritting his teeth bracing for any of the bumping he felt there weren't any till the sedan came to a stop.
He got Victoria's hand patting his head "Tom, we're here so wake up and get out now."
He obeyed to discover the vehicle was in a parking lot with other vehicles behind a brick wall fence he spotting a big huge mansion like house within walking distance of him making him groan loudly before giving Victoria a glare as he yanked off the sunglasses. 
Victoria he glared at spoke "This house and lands belongs to the Kensington family in California for generations since the transfer to use for recuperating from medical injuries. Daddy acquired the house via marriage to one of the Kensington family's daughters Katherine and has kept up the tradition of keeping it for his private residence for recuperation only."
Tom kept the glare as Victoria walked up to him taking his arm omitting the injured one and got him walking towards the house she continuing "You might find Robert hiding somewhere in his grief of losing Samira. She passed away within a month of her cancer diagnose. My brother has gotten Dad's belief that the High Council was responsible despite the group denying it and trying to get Robert to acknowledge that she chose to end her own life like what happened to Katherine in question. Samira left evidence behind that Robert isn't acknowledging that she ended her own life via letting the cancer getting terminal within her. Besides Robert is reportedly hiding somewhere in the house and its grounds via staff claiming that despite there no sign of him. He's gone into hiding at the moment and we're not sure of where."
He exhaled a breath to eye one of the windows as if drawn to halt the walking to find Victoria keeping on insisting on walking which he obeyed. Tom eyed the window as if drawn to find the window he saw was open slam shut in a fast move with blinds slamming shut behind it. 
He looked away hearing a throat clearing noise from Victoria who spoke "Hmph appears the staff isn't kidding on what they said regarding Robert. He's from senses cued towards him staring from a window while hiding in the house."
Tom exhaled a breath as Victoria got him inside the house to find inside seemed to be like a small house to him instead of a huge one like he expected. He expected to find a large room with a stairwell only to find a small living room with a fireplace and a stairwell going up in a regular house size to him.
He heard "This house was originally small one room in size when it was built which over the years there's been additions to it. The additions continued even after the transfer to the point the city had to get involved and tell the family enough is enough. They didn't want the house appearing over their mountain skyline in question despite almost seeing it whenever at a certain point for it while in some private spot. The additions have been focused mostly indoors to make the home updated with technology. See Tom to a room now Victoria. I'll handle Robert. I saw which room he's holed up."
Tom frowned to find Victoria getting him up the stairs to find another stairwell that seemed a bit on the large size and curving while having multiple landings indicate doorways making him think it resembled an apartment. He looked behind to spot Jinks following who disappeared through a doorway slamming the door with a bang sound. He sighed as Victoria got them off the stairwell to a doorway he discovering a long in length pink hallway room with purple doors on them. Tom frowned as he heard a loud meow sounding within the room to hear a squeaking of a cat door sounding behind him followed by a cat getting onto his shoulder as Victoria led him to a room that made him think it was her bedroom from the looks of it. Tom frowned seeing the room was bare of items and only had a large bed with a purple blanket and pillows in that color and canopy overhead. He saw the room came with a doorway he glimpsed led to the bathroom as Victoria got him into the room to take off the cat off his shoulder he discovering it was black colored and gave off mews sounding content to him. Tom groaned and laid himself onto the bed he glimpsing a kitchen unit in the room which had a small fridge and no cooking to him. He sighed while feeling Victoria get the cat onto his front that settled onto the area giving off purring vibrations he lulled to sleep to shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Tom came opening his eyes while feeling his pains no longer bothering him while sensing night vision within his eyesight to feel a familiar feminine body curled up towards him while feeling a cat's body rumbling away onto his front. He sighed as he felt Victoria had managed to strip him of his sweats from the feel and had left him only clad into his underwear shorts to his relief. Tom eyed the cat as if drawn to find the gonoid was sitting up tummy sitting and no longer purring away instead was giving off a quiet growling noise he finding himself eyeing the door to the room as if drawn. Tom eyed the doorknob to see it turn followed by the door opening to hear a loud meow sounding in the cat's voice tone despite annoyance sensed from the cat. He eyed the male standing in the doorway with recognition within him seeing he was Robert clad only in a tank top and shorts who looked rail thin and haggard and stank of unwashed smell making him grimace. Tom eyed Robert in the eyes to find the male's Human eyes weren't there while seeing him waving a hand in his direction he finding Victoria stirring but remained asleep. He kept his form still while eyeing Robert who came into the room to see the male fell into a kneeling position while rocking his form he seeing tears coming from his eyes. This time he saw Robert's Human eyes as the male continued on wailing loudly while rocking his form back and forth. Tom forced himself to get up finding Victoria slipping off him and the cat getting off of him giving off a loud yowl. 
He went to Robert to gently placed a hand onto the male's shoulder who halted the rocking he while whispering loudly "I'm sorry, Robert. I'm sorry to see you suffering in pain. I wish I could help." 
Tom frowned as he sensed Jinks into the room going to Robert he eyed Victoria's Father gently take the male out of the room he hearing groaning loudly "Why does it have to hurt so much?"
He sighed and shut the door behind them and went back to the bed to find the alarm clock on the bed stand's table which he eyed the time after adjusting for the light and discovered it was a dark time hour. He sighed as he set the alarm clock to go off at eight o'clock in the morning ready to wake Victoria up as he resumed lying down onto the bed and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Tom sighed of the memory of Robert's nightly visit as he in the morning eyed Robert seated across from him at the bench of the outdoor table wolfing in food and drink. He sighed as he smelled Robert's stinky unwashed smell was gone and that the male's hair was looking wet who had a big appetite to take in nourishment. He heard Victoria's familiar typing noises to get Robert glaring at him and jabbing a fork aimed at him and at Victoria seated in a lawn chair typing away. He sighed seeing Jinks giving him a familiar glare who was seated next to Robert. Tom got up finding himself done with the herbal tea concoction drink he drank out of a pitcher and went to Victoria to grab her laptop to get her sputtering protests. He ignored her to carry the laptop back towards Jinks to toss it to the male who caught it easily finding Victoria giving him an all black eyed glare. 
Tom spoke firmly as he gave Victoria a glare "I thought this place was for recuperation and not for work or anything involving that. You said it Victoria."
He found her glaring to hear from Victoria "I had a panic attack last night."
He heard throat clearing noises in response glared at Victoria while speaking "Panic attack hmm? How come you managed to get one without me waking up at the slightest pain jolt I felt within my body from you moving all over me?"
He glared at Victoria while willing forwards Sinister to get her glaring at him back before hearing "Victoria Katherine Montreal, lay off the typing and spend time with us now."
He glared at Victoria despite hearing Jinks' firm voice sounding behind him as he jabbed a finger towards her Father and brother while firmly speaking "Spend time with them now!"
He got an Hmph sound from Victoria who willed aside the Master and without a word went to sit down onto the bench opposite from her brother. Tom went to sit down feeling his body quit wincing of pain all over to his relief as he eyed Jinks across from him.
Tom spoke noticing Robert's glare and facial gesture to his arm sling "So what did I miss? I spent a whole year with the Stuntman's Association doing stunts just to kill myself I surviving every death defying attempt. Excuse my arm being in a sling I broke the bone actually. I'm still in pain from the latest stunt I had to do I don't care to elaborate what it was. So spill it on what you've been up to now."
He glared at Victoria in response to find her kissing him on the lips after grabbing his chin he kissing her back while feeling his familiar feelings of pleasure hitting him from the kissing. 
He sighed once she broke off the kiss she speaking "I missed you while you were out among Hollywood doing all those stunts. My excuse publicity involving the Veronica Thomas persona was that you had Hollywood asking you to do jobs for a year I refused to say what they were anyway."
He frowned forming it onto his lips while eyeing Victoria who gave him one of her smiles making him smile in response to find her leaning against him she mindful of his arm in a sling. 
Tom sighed softly to wrap an arm around Victoria to notice Robert's eyes had tears in them which he spoke recalling on losing Thura "Her name was Thura. I lost her. It took me awhile to accept that I would outlive her including her passing away status. I wound up paired towards Victoria for the wrong reasons which a certain group got us separated just to see if we'll work on our feelings. I admit it I was seeking a replacement to Thura when I got paired to Victoria. I know that she's always with me in my heart if I think of her from time to time but my memories of her is all I'll have to remember her in her memory."
He sensed Sinister in control willed it aside to see Robert bowing his head followed by Jinks pulling the male sideways to wrap arms around him. Tom heard sniffing sounds from Robert before sensing the male was quiet as he saw Jinks was appearing to be whispering to the male before getting them both up from the bench and walking away together. 
Jinks he saw handed him the laptop which he took while looking away to glare at Victoria and spoke while holding the thing out of her reach "I have an itch I need you to scratch. So let's go inside and do something about it. Save this typing for a bad weather day anyway."
He got Victoria giving him a glare followed by she speaking "An itch Tom? You scratched that itch with plenty of women. Don't lie to me on seeing reports of you dating women and them heard bragging to tabloids' news' shows that they bedded you."
Tom thrust the laptop towards Victoria in response to get her furiously typing onto the thing he ignored her to feel his mood become bad again. He got up and paced behind Victoria barefoot while still clad in his sweat pants but no top. 
Tom snarled out loud "That does it!"
He reached over Victoria and yanked the laptop stepping away while holding it away from her and thrust a foot into her direction whenever she made a move towards him holding it.
He snarled "You kicked me out of your apartment and out of your life remember?"
He got her flaring the Master in control as he adjusted the laptop to hold via handles while willing forwards his Berserker ability to mentally speak blasting talk into Victoria's mind "Your Father made it clear that he wanted me out of your life by sending me to a train station with a ticket to Sacramento, California included. I was told by the cops that got me to the train station using wording indicating that they were in your Father's employ that he wanted me out of the city-"
He got interrupted "Will that status away now Tom."
Tom obeyed hearing Jinks' firm voice tone finding Victoria giving him a Human blue eyed glare to repeat his words he blasting into Victoria's mind while glaring at Jinks he noticing Robert was sitting down in a lawn chair. He gave Jinks a glare as he went to the table and thumped the laptop onto it before turning around to glare at the male finding Victoria resuming typing by the noises of the thing behind him. 
He glared at Jinks with accusation in his eyes as the male spoke "You wasted a year for nothing Tom."
He grimaced from Jinks' firm voice while noticing the male's Human blue eyes seen as Jinks added "I repeatedly sent you members of my reach from the Master Organization with messages under guise of some religious propaganda you call it to tell you to come home which you refused to listen to them telling you the messages. You ignored them-"
Tom interrupted "Ignored them?! If they had given me what I was seeking from Victoria in the first place like I always seek from females I would have listened. But they didn't give me what I wanted to hear from you. Hence this ignorance you call it!"
He glared at Jinks to find the male glaring at him back only to hear "What he wants is acceptance Father."
Tom frowned hearing Robert's voice speaking the words to gulp seeing Jinks' facial glare become more glaring followed by male's Master ability willed into control. He willed forwards the Berserker while growling loudly as he took a step forwards towards Jinks only to feel a hand touching him firmly on the chest right in the middle of his rib cage. He kept the glare aimed at Jinks as he felt himself calming down from Victoria's hand felt touching him there which he shifted to look at Victoria with a frown finding she hugging him in response while mindful of his sling. Tom found himself giving Jinks a glare finding Victoria ignoring that look to keep on hugging him before going back to her laptop.
He looked away to eye Victoria shutting the laptop and taking his free hand and speaking "I want to talk to you privately in our room. Excuse us Daddy and brother dear."
Tom frowned to give Jinks a glare as she pulled him pass the male to hear a loud roaring noise once they entered the house via the back porch he figured the sound belonged to Victoria's Father. He didn't say a word in response as Victoria got them both into their bedroom followed by watching her thump the laptop onto the bed and sitting on it leaning back with the Master in control while jabbing a finger towards him and the door. 
Tom without a word went to the door and slammed it shut before going towards Victoria to kneel in front of her while staring at her with pleading in his eyes as he spoke "Victoria, please. Don't shut me out."
He found himself using a begging voice tone while eyeing Victoria who shut her eyes and appeared to be rubbing a hand onto her forehead as he repeated his words while adding "Victoria, I do love you. You're throwing me out of the apartment with my stuff in a duffle bag wound up into making me believe that you rejected me and no longer accepted me. I threw myself into the Stuntman's Association. I was trying to kill myself whenever I did those stunts despite surviving them."
He got Victoria looking at him with her Master in control as he added while still using the begging voice tone "I suffered way too much injuries over the whole year I was in that group even required myself to be hospitalized multiple times. I refusing to admit that I had a death wish and was doing anything stunt wise to end my life. I kept up the stunts till the President used my current injured status as reason why I had a death wish. He refused to have me resign on with the group instead kicked me out."
Tom itched himself closer towards Victoria to reach her legs finding she crossing them blocking his way of moving them as he placed hands onto her knee. 
He spoke "Don't tell me that you tried to contact me which I ignored your contacts in response?"
He frowned to eye Victoria with pleading in his eyes to find her adjusting her legs to let him get between them as she straightened up her form while folding her arms he hearing throat clearing noises from her.
Tom spoke "I received your letters in the mail but I always threw them out due to beliefs that you still wanted me for your Veronica Thomas persona character and not for me as myself."
He frowned to hear additional throat clearing noises to speak recalling what she was furious about "Your Father tried to contact me using the Master Organization's members which I refused to listen to the message instead ignored them and kicked them out of the residences of where I was staying. I kept on accusing them of religious propaganda when it was messages from your Father actually. I was too blind full of anger thinking of you and your Father rejecting me enough to not think that you both were trying to contact me with acceptance messages I refused to listen."
He clamped his mouth shut while putting his right hand onto Victoria's arm despite wincing from the pain of the cast covering his right arm. He eyed Victoria who in response removed his hand followed by adjusting his cast's arm and took his left hand into her hands gently rubbing it. 
He sighed seeing her eyes turn into an angry Human blue look she speaking "Tom, do you love me?"
Tom spoke sounding firm "I always love you and I always will."
He got Victoria kissing him on the lips he kissing her back in response to feel himself hard enough to mate hitting him. He broke off the kiss to groan softly while feeling himself forced up to stand and twisted followed by his back onto the bed. Tom adjusted his position to get himself fully onto the bed while staring at the ceiling he relieved to not sense any filming within the house. Tom felt Victoria straddle him while feeling her pulling his pants. 
He eyed her seeing the familiar smirk on her face to speak "I missed you terribly."
Tom got Victoria still yanking onto his pants to adjust his position to get her yanking them off followed by pulling onto his shorts. He sighed while eyeing Victoria as she had her way with him involving the lovemaking he feeling himself better from her touch and feeling inside her. 

Tom sighed once the lovemaking was done to feel Victoria adjust his shorts to cover him while he stared at the ceiling to frown to feel her getting off the bed he eyed her putting on her clothes with a frown. He watched as Victoria yawned making him yawn in response followed by her getting into the bed and felt her head onto his shoulder he sighing from the pain and felt her conk out. 
Tom eyed the ceiling lengthy recalling to himself "At least the High Council doesn't film in here. I'll go crazy if I feel that happening."
He shut his eyes as if needing to do it to pass out unconscious. 

Tom dreamed of himself leaned against Victoria while she had an all white haired appearance and coughing loudly indicating a sick cough to him. 
He in dream groaned out "We're almost to the house, Victoria. Just hold on."
Tom wrapped his arms around Victoria who kept up the coughing till he found the familiar house came into view via the driver driving over a smooth road. Tom eyed the house once the car stopped to pick up Victoria and carried her out of the car into the house to reach their familiar room which he laid her onto the bed to find one of the resident cats getting onto her lap and purring hear sounding within the room as she quieted her coughing. Tom eyed Victoria while holding her hand as he sat on the bed seeing her eyeing him with her familiar eyed look. 
He frowned as she rasped out "I'll be back before you know it. Don't worry about me."
Tom eyed Victoria who looked like Thura by the facial expression as her breathing become lesser and lesser followed by hearing a rasping sound before her breathing cut off. Tom dreamed of himself weeping tears while holding Victoria's hand sensing she had passed away. 

He gasped jerking his eyes open from the dream to feel Victoria's curled form next to him on the bed he eyed was of youngness and not oldness. He eyed Victoria to roll over wrapping his left arm on her side and recalled his life with Thura including his bad denial reaction towards her death as he eyed Victoria's face that appeared to be of peace to him. He sighed to rub a hand on her cheek feeling the area warm underneath his hand's touch as she remained sleeping. Tom sighed again and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep despite the dream remained within the back of his mind as he slept only woken up by the feeling of a cat sitting on his side purring away. Tom jerked open his eyes to stare at the cat that got off his form and rubbed its face onto his face and gave his cheek a lick of its rough tongue before going to Victoria and meowing while pawing her on the face she ignoring the cat. He sighed to eye the time finding the alarm clock wasn't on and that it was eight o'clock in the morning. He groaned and grabbed the alarm clock to let the alarm go off in its shrilling noises to find Victoria waking up with a gasp while sitting up cat seen getting onto her shoulder. 
Tom spoke seeing the window blinds were up letting in daylight "It's morning. Excuse me for waking you up."
He eyed Victoria who grabbed her pillow after removing the cat and thumped over his head before feeling her getting up from the bed which he removed the pillow to find her entering the bathroom. Tom got up and followed sensing the cat following to find the furball using the litter box in the corner of the bathroom before getting onto the sink's counter giving itself a bath. He shifted to eye Victoria that stripped herself of her clothes ignoring him and got into the shower he groaning softly recalling the doctor's orders regarding his casts was he was to avoid getting it wet period. Tom went to sit down on the stool in front of the makeup counter and eyed Victoria showering she ignoring him followed by handing her the towel once she came out appearing to be done. He frowned eyeing Victoria who toweled herself off followed by going to the closet in the bathroom he eyeing her walking out while carrying her familiar red pantsuit.
Tom groaned out "Don't tell me you have business in town with that persona?"
He got a glare from Victoria in response clamped his mouth shut and formed pleading on his face as she thrust the pantsuit onto the counter and went into the closet he got up and followed to find her picking up a bottle she thrust at him he gripped.
He frowned as she spoke "Lengthy stays in this house isn't permitted as said by Daddy. His wife's family has descendants living that have kept up the tradition of using this house to recuperate and recharge from the world. Daddy has an agreement with them on when to use the house for healing purposes and how long he can stay in it. He made an agreement on getting Robert out of the house after a lengthy stay."
Tom spoke while eyeing the bottle he figured was cream for cleaning his skin "Hence I used as an excuse."
He got Victoria's hand on his chin followed by eyeing her she giving him a glare and she speaking "They told Daddy to use anything to get Robert out period. They didn't care what the method or excuse was as long as Robert was out of the house and living among civilization like he should be doing instead of isolating himself."
He frowned as Victoria kissed him on the lips before shooing him out of the closet. He went into the bathroom and used his left hand to clean himself with the bottle's gunk some cleaner he finding Victoria thrusting clothes onto the sink counter he saw was black colored including a pair of sneakers in his size. 
Tom frowned as Victoria was sensed staring at him cleaning himself with his free left hand till he spoke "Are you going to stand there watching me or help me?"
He eyed her as she without a word got a dab of the stuff and did his back including his left arm and massaged his fingers sticking out of the cast before declaring him done he agreeing with her. Tom got Victoria's help on putting on the clothes he discovering it was his uniform involving the Veronica Thomas persona but this time the pants were slacks instead of jeans and had an elastic waist to hold up tight across his waist. He put on the muscle T-shirt to find the casted arm slipped through the sleeve easily despite adjusting the sling then adjusted the coat to cover the area while eyeing Victoria. Tom sighed as Victoria got him to sit down and did his hair he sighing from her brushing it making him feel good to get her pulling it back into a ball to his confusion. He frowned eyeing Victoria in the mirror who went to put on her clothes followed by putting on makeup. 
Tom spoke "So are you going to tell me who's those descendants of the Kensington family is?"
He eyed Victoria who gave a head shake of no followed by her speaking "Daddy made an agreement with the descendants that only he will have knowledge of who they are for records. He's according to them is sort of acting like a living record actually hence he having knowledge of it. Records can be destroyed but memories can't."
He sighed softly to get from Victoria adding as the cat was felt onto his shoulder rubbing its face onto his ear "Besides I'm surprised that Inks is friendly with you. She's usually skittish around new people enough to hide around here."
Tom spoke reaching a hand towards Inks he assumed was the cat's name to sniff finding it sniffed "Gonoids at mere touch of my skin anywhere are always domesticated to accept Humans. It doesn't matter if their feral or wild gonoids. They'll always accept Humans after touching me."
He shifted to eye Victoria after lowering his hand to find her speaking "Inks is the resident cat for this floor. There's cats per floor in this residence as requested by a relative of Daddy's wife to have cats living in the house. His request wasn't done till recently is when Robert had it done on the request of Samira's last wish for it after she passed away. Hence Robert staying in the house for a month's time frame ignoring his health. Daddy was told to get him out into civilization period."
Tom sighed and got up from the stool after Inks got off his shoulder to find the cat walking on the counter towards Victoria appearing to sniff her hand she letting the gonoid doing it before it jumped off and ran out of the bathroom sounding meows in an excited tone. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke after putting away her makeup into her travel bag "Sounds to me that Daddy is here in the hallway."
He sighed and walked out of the bathroom to eye Victoria who got him to sit down into an armchair and got thrust his familiar bottle he sipped while seeing her going to the door to find Jinks outside in the hallway speaking "You ready? I got Robert in the car at the moment with the driver ordered to keep him inside that thing."
Tom didn't say a word as Victoria picked up her travel case he noticing her laptop inside and took his arm which he followed Jinks out of the room while holding onto his bottle waiting to sit down before sipping it. He followed Jinks out of the house to a limo this time to get inside to find Robert sprawled inside on the floor looking asleep to him sensing the male had passed out. He sat inside with Victoria and Jinks and felt the car start up driving down the road he sipping fast to notice the bumpy road coming up capped the bottle and held it as the vehicle bumped all over the place. Tom frowned to peer out the window to spot a limo drive by them appearing to look like a long length sport utility vehicle as it headed towards the house.
He heard from Jinks "That's the staff's vehicle. Their ordered to get the house ready for occupation after each visitor leaves including cleaning up the messes the visitors left and making sure that everything is in order for new residents to take residence in. Their not permitted to contact the house's occupants or inquire who they are. They wait in their vehicle on the road waiting for the current residents to leave via this vehicle as traditionally done before going to the house to clean and set it up for order."
Tom frowned but didn't say a word as the bumpy road came to an end to his relief. He eyed the bottle to find its contents had bubbled up which he sighed and held onto it while glancing out the window repeatedly at the scenery. He found the limo going to the airport to get inside a plane hanger to spot Jinks' familiar plane having Montreal labeled on it to sigh getting out following Victoria who paused from walking to stand staring at the limo's open door. 
He spoke "You want me to help your Dad out with Robert?"
He heard in response "Unnecessary I'm awake. I needed the sleep anyway."
Tom frowned finding the voice was Robert who got out followed by Jinks slamming the car door which they boarded the plane finding it contained rows of seats with an aisle. Tom groaned softly and put the bottle onto the back seat's cup holder followed by taking out the barf bag and groaning loudly. 
He felt Victoria buckle his seatbelt for him followed by hearing "I'm surprised that your still plane sick despite all those stunts you did in Hollywood's movies."
He spoke as he felt the plane move getting itself ready for takeoff "I focused onto doing stunts involving physical combative art for actors mostly including doing acrobatic like stunts. I didn't do much involving planes or vehicle stunts despite the closest I got was throwing myself out of a helicopter to land on top of a vehicle involving a truck. I did suffer injuries from that but managed to shake it off to continue on filming the scene."
He frowned as he felt the plane take off into the air followed by hearing from Victoria "You care to explain why tabloids' news' programs were calling you Demon?"
He sighed to look at Victoria giving him a glare which he spoke "Alright I got addicted to the feeling of getting hurt from the stunts that I avoided hospital stays and earned a reputation as Demon for being invincible for doing stunts known to bring down a man despite I walking away from them. I did suffer numerous injuries from doing those stunts due to that the pain was better than the mental pain I was suffering."
He clamped his mouth shut as Victoria's eyes turned all black looking followed by feeling her hand on his forehead and heard from her as he felt sleepiness "Night sleepy."
Tom passed out unconscious to come to feeling Victoria's hand on his forehead waking him up to discover the plane was in the airport at New York City. He sighed as Victoria got him out of the plane through the terminal while there was a crowd of presses gathered outside pestering various questions aimed at him he heard on where he's been including what did he do while in Hollywood as claimed by Veronica Thomas to explain his absence including his arm injury. He ignored them including their glaring lights to find Victoria getting him into her familiar limo to shut the door while leaning back groaning to feel the vehicle drive further into the city. He sighed while eyeing Victoria to see tears rolling via her eyes as he reached out a hand and took one of her hands holding it gently. Tom frowned as Victoria wiped her eyes and leaned against him he sensing she had fallen asleep this time. He sighed while eyeing out the window of the city to find the limo going to Victoria's familiar apartment building to stop once arrival. He found a crowd of presses gathered outside to groan as Victoria was sensed shaking her head followed by finding her getting out of the vehicle he following to find her carrying her travel bag while taking his hand in another hand's grip. Tom eyed the presses warily who were throwing questions aimed at them as they walked by them via an aisle. He halted once they reached the glass doors to the building to spin Victoria around despite she glaring at him and kissed her on the lips while gripping her chin while hearing ooh sounds within the crowd. Tom kept up the kiss finding he missed kissing Victoria on the lips she kissing him back before he broke it off to smile at her. He saw Victoria's eyes form a smile while forming with her lips and didn't protest as she got him inside the building via doorman holding the door open for them. He heard the doorman chuckling as they entered the lobby and went to the elevators to take one which he resumed kissing Victoria on the lips. Tom felt the elevator move as he kissed Victoria finding it stop at their floor which he broke off the kiss to sigh loudly as she walked out of the elevator he following to find them going to their familiar apartment she unlocking the door via handprint method this time. Tom groaned once inside the apartment to flop himself onto the couch while rubbing a hand over his eyes only to feel a feminine body straddling him while hearing a growling noise. He jerked open his eyes to find Victoria was straddling him with the Master in control her eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him making him gulp. 
He eyed Victoria warily who spoke "Don't ever leave me again! Don't ever leave me no matter what Daddy does towards you in question! I was miserable with you gone! I cried a lot with you gone and cried when you refused to answer my letters! I cried whenever I saw you in movies I knew you were stunting into them via the High Council keeping tabs onto you-"
He interrupted "High Council keeping tabs onto me? What are you talking about? I never got such signs to indicate them keeping tabs onto me."
He formed a glare and found Victoria willing aside the Master followed by kissing him on the lips as he felt his mind scanned to frown feeling that sensation. 
He broke off the kiss as she looked away with a glare while speaking "I didn't say that you could peek into my mind while I'm doing this onto Tom here so stay out your stinking plant."
Tom frowned to peer off her shoulder to groan finding a familiar big red rose plant he saw was littered all over Hollywood despite repeatedly finding his mind scanned making him confused.
He spoke as Victoria resumed looking at him "Don't tell me the High Council got pieces of the Meritanians into plants-"
He was interrupted by her putting a finger over his mouth followed by Victoria speaking as he felt his mind scanned sense continue "Don't talk on the subject or mention it to the Meritanians. They don't like being reminded of this manipulation as they call it that happened to fellow plants to make them sentient enough to think for themselves. Excuse me for mentioning it Ramses. Tom doesn't know of it actually."
Tom heard blared in his mind "I'm the great, mighty Ramses the great! I'm the greatest ever and you can't do a thing about it!"
He groaned loudly as Ramses quit his blaring to feel his mind continued scanning which he eyed Victoria who spoke "Her name is Rosie and yes you must address her as a living being despite what she is. She's kept me company while informing me of what you've been doing while her brothers and sisters she calls them have been living all over the United States. The Humans don't know of their sentient abilities actually despite holding flower shows featuring them as the main attraction. Rosie is always flattered whenever Ramses blares his familiar saying loudly enough for her to hear him."
Tom sighed as he eyed Rosie the plant that gave up a loud sneeze sound which he got Victoria's hand on his cheek he resumed looking at her with a frown. 
Tom frowned as she spoke "She hates to be stared at and always gives off her sneeze noises to indicate it whenever she detects someone doing that staring."
He sighed and didn't say a word in response as his mind quit being scanned to get Victoria pulling him up followed by going into their bedroom. He didn't protest as she got him out of his clothes despite maneuvering his sling and cast leaving him clad in only his underwear. Tom sighed to lie his form down onto the bed to sense his mind scanned to look around the room finding it appeared to be the same while not seeing another plant in the vicinity. 
He mentally spoke as he laid on the bed "Out with it Ramses with scanning me now."
He glared at the ceiling finding a familiar blurry figure onto there as he heard "High Council your servant Mindbender is back into main daughter of Horus's residence at the moment. What should I do with him hmm?"
Tom eyed Victoria who went into the bathroom slamming the door with a bang sound making him annoyed as he felt himself landed backwards to hit metallic floor with a loud bang sound. He felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons to get himself forced to stand while giving the High Council a glare with his eyes narrowed. 
Tom glared to get from Shad "Cat got your tongue Tomcat?" 
He spoke firmly "If you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all."
He got Argh spoken from the speakers in unison followed by them bowing their heads and eyed the High Council behind them appearing to be going into a discussion seemingly lengthy till he heard blared "High Council a certain female is throwing a hissy fit that Mindbender is out of her residence when he should be down asleep resting from his injuries as blared by her yelling at me. Stop yelling or I'll dump you into the ocean!"
He sighed and found the Falcons' holds gone to find himself into Victoria's apartment in the bedroom to get forced to lie down by her followed by seeing her eyes flaring the Master in control. He gulped as her hand slammed down onto his forehead and he felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blaring while feeling his casted arm itchy all over along with not well rested feeling hitting him. Tom groaned as he felt the itchiness persisted to feel Victoria straddling him followed by feeling one of her hands patting his cheek. 
He jerked open his eyes to find her speaking "You need a visit to the local hospital to get that cast off judging by how the skin on your fingers are indicating it to be yanked off."
Tom sighed and removed Victoria off him while rolling over muttering "Let me sleep."
He got Victoria again speaking "I thought you wanted this cast off, Tom? I heard you hated wearing casts and did anything to avoid that status."
He sighed and opened his eyes to eye Victoria seeing laughter in her eyes to growl out "This better be worth my time getting up this early for this."
Tom got Victoria giving him one of her smiles he smiling in response she speaking "I'll make it up to you Tom."
He threw Victoria's pillow at Victoria who caught it as she burst out laughing as he got up from the bed despite her laughter sounding good within his ears and went to his closet to yank out a pair of pants. 
He wound up getting "Ahem not those pair Tom."
Tom sighed despite holding onto the blue jeans to get thrust his familiar black uniform which he put on with her help and felt for his hair finding the balled style was out of his hair to his relief. He got thrust to sit onto the bed and didn't protest as Victoria brushed his hair making him grimace from her pulling at the snarly knots including pulling it back into a ball from the feel of it. Tom groaned softly as Victoria got his socks onto his feet followed by tying his shoelaces of his sneakers for him. He sighed as she got into her familiar pantsuit but this time put her hair up while doing some minimal makeup he watching her get ready followed by watching her put on her boots. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria who got him out of the bedroom which he sensed his mind scanned to figure it was Rosie doing it as he sat on the couch. 
He eyed the ceiling to avoid looking at Rosie to hear blared in his mind "He's a cutie."
Tom sighed hearing the squeaky feminine voice sounding in his mind he hearing Victoria speaking loudly "Yep your right Rosie. He's my charmer. That's why I love him. He loves me back."
He sighed softly to feel his mind quit scanned to his relief to eye Victoria moving in the kitchen unit to take out a familiar bottle he took and sipped taking his time while eyeing the floor. 
"Look at me." He heard blared in his mind which he obeyed to stare at Rosie while speaking out loud "Rosie, Victoria said that you don't like being stared at, excuse me."
Tom found himself compelled to stare at Rosie to grimace as his memories of his hospitalization flashed into his mind followed by a memory of kicked out of the Stuntman's Association on accusations of having a death wish he realized with a groan he did have that feeling within him. He continued to sip the drink as Rosie was felt mind scanning him via memories popping into his mind he grimacing fully from it till a memory of Thura flashed into his mind making him shut his eyes and bow his head forming a grimace on his face. Tom saw in his mind of Thura holding a smaller version of the Meritanians a familiar plant via pot in her arms while carrying it in a hallway she looking really old to get meet by a male Human wearing a suit. He frowned seeing the Human male got handed the plant by Thura followed by the male walking away after giving her a head bob. He grimaced concentrating as Thura was seen disappearing in a light show followed by appearing in her familiar room slumping over in bed and recalled that was when he found her starting her paralysis' sickness via feet that spread to her entire body followed by passing away from it.
Tom grimaced fully from the memory to hear blared in mind "She risked herself to suffer the poison of the Merra's kid to get to the plant makers to make us from that kiddy plant in question."
He felt rage crunched the bottle while baring his teeth while opening his eyes to glare at Rosie feeling himself angry at the High Council. He ignored Victoria's hands felt peeling off the bottle out of his hand that was felt plastic from the feel instead of the traditional glass. 
He glared at Rosie feeling rage running through him to hear from the plant again "She killed herself knowing that the plant was poison to be touched when she got it into the pot."
Tom gave up a roar in response to stand up willing through the Berserker only to feel a hand touching him on the chest firmly on the area as he waved his clawed hands feeling his mood flatten from Rosie's talk. Tom felt his angry mood going down followed by forcing the Berserker aside and felt himself forced to resume sitting onto the couch as he gave Rosie a glare. He felt Rosie quit scanning his mind followed by hearing her familiar sneeze sound resumed staring at the ceiling while leaning back on the couch. Tom glared at the ceiling seemingly lengthy as Victoria was heard making breakfast and eating and drinking it followed by her putting the dishes into the dishwasher. He frowned as Victoria got him off the couch and out of their apartment to take the familiar elevator to down to the lobby to find her hired driver's car outside along with presses that rained questions onto them as they left the building and entered the limo. 
Tom leaned back into the seat to groan loudly to sense Jinks in the limo to hear "Daddy what are you doing here."
He eyed Jinks who gave him a glare of accusation in his eyes making him gulp as Victoria was heard "Daddy talk on what's going on."
He frowned eyeing Jinks who pulled out a small rose from the labels of his jacket and thrust it towards Victoria who took it followed by the male speaking "I got introduced to a certain plant having offsprings hanging all over the place including in your residence. That plant Rosie as you call her has brothers and sisters which their in the lobby of my residence at the moment."
Tom frowned as he heard from Victoria "Rosie as she's called assures me that Tom has nothing to do with her creation. It wasn't him who did the creation but someone else actually."
He frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing Jinks who shrugged and disappeared in a light show which he leaned back into the seat groaning softly. Tom found Victoria got the limo to the local hospital to walk inside amid the presses gathered outside pestering him with questions on his broken arm to find cops in the lobby giving him glares and not sparing Victoria the glare. He sighed recalling his previous visit to the hospital was to visit a young child who saw him as a hero as Victoria got him to a doctor's office to sit in the waiting room while she resumed her typing onto the laptop. Tom felt himself bored waiting lengthy till a nurse came out calling his name which he found Victoria ignoring him looking and saw her Master ability in control groaned softly and went with the nurse to a patient room. 

Tom felt relief once his doctor's visit was over with, with the removal of his cast but disgust on having a scarring area where he broke his arm that the doctor balked his requests to remove. He went out to the waiting room to find Victoria seated there that put away her laptop and gave him one of her smiles making him smile in return to see her pick up her travel bag and took him to the children's cancer wing to his annoyance. Tom grunted an annoyed sound once they were in the wing to get Victoria giving him a glare which he formed a smiley expression on his face while keeping his eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at her. 
Tom followed Victoria to the lobby to hear her speaking to a nurse loudly "Veronica Thomas aka Victoria Montreal Thunder hear to see Rebecca Tomas. Is she well enough to receive visitors? I kept my promise and brought along my Tom."
He sighed to frown while eyeing Victoria to hear from the nurse "Rebecca has refused to sleep on news of being excited to meet your Tom which I see he's easy on the eyes, excuse me."
He sighed again as Victoria took his hand and led him through a hallway to a hospital room while knocking on the door he hearing "Reba? It's Victoria with my Tom as I promised. What's going on with you balking sleep?"
He formed a smiley look to find Victoria leading him into the room to grimace inwardly seeing a female wearing a headband with a bald head of no hair lying in bed that did a wide eyed look seeing him before forming a smile and giggling loudly. Tom sighed and went to Rebecca to gently take one of her hands while hearing giggling sounds from her.
He heard Victoria's throat clearing noise spoke figuring it was speak for him to talk "Ah the famous Rebecca Tomas. Pleased to meet you. I'm Tom Thunder, Ma'am."
He heard Rebecca's giggling continued as he kissed her hand followed by adding "What's this I hear of you refusing to sleep hmm?"
Tom formed a stern expression on his face while eyeing Rebecca who kept on giggling she looking happy to sense them spied on to ignore the feeling. He eyed Rebecca who gripped his hand in a gentle squeeze gesture before shutting her eyes which he gently placed the hand on top of her chest finding she appearing to conk out. Tom sighed to hear a step into the room to find a female clad in sweats with dark circles underneath her eyes to gesture him out. He obeyed to find Victoria shutting the door quietly while eyeing the female he figured was a family member of Rebecca's. Tom eyed the female with a frown to get her hugging him followed by hearing her sobbing loudly he eyeing Victoria who rubbed the female's back in an apparent soothing gesture. 
Tom sighed making himself strong as the female broke off the hug speaking "Sorry I lost it. It's been awhile since Reba my daughter has laughed since she was hospitalized. I was shocked to hear her laughing. Thanks for that Mister Thunder."
He gave her a head bob in response to get Victoria speaking "Is Reba going to be alright now?"
He frowned as Victoria placed an arm around the female who burst into tears again he gently hugging her in response to hear from his wife "There, there, just let it out."
Tom hugged the female seemingly lengthy before hearing her sniffing followed by letting go of her once indicated by the female patting his arm. 
He kept his face composed as the female spoke "Sorry again. Reba has always expressed an interests in meeting you Mister Thunder. She's a huge fan of you, Miss Montreal, and your editorial's in magazines talking about private issues that hit women hence her interests in wanting to meet your Tom as you refer him."
He sighed as a male came by clad in sweats going up towards the female with a concern look on his face. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria spoke "Sir, This is my Tom who Reba met."
He offered his hand towards the male to find him shaking hands in a good grip but not ironclad followed by man speaking "Jane you alright. You seemed upset."
He eyed the male that was looking at Jane he assumed was her name to get her speaking "I heard Reba laugh for the first time, Jones. His visit cheered her up actually."
Tom didn't say a word as Victoria took his arm and didn't complain as she led him out of the children's wing to the lobby to ignore the glaring cops to walk outside amid the presses gathered outside pestering them with questions mostly on his arm injury and why he wasn't wearing his sling or cast seen. Tom ignored them to find Victoria getting him and herself into a familiar limo followed by hearing her groaning loudly once they were in the vehicle driving away from the hospital. 
He broke the silence after a lengthy drive through traffic bad as usual "How bad is Reba's cancer diagnose?"
He eyed Victoria who appeared to have tears spilling via her eyes in response to get from her "Her cancer diagnose is pretty bad at the moment. Doctors say its terminal with nothing can be done except make her comfortable."
He groaned loudly only to get Victoria giving him a glare followed by she speaking "Her diagnose was detected when her cancer was found within her at an early stage. She from tests has an allergic reaction to the traditional medicines used to cure her of the cancer. The doctors have done what they can to prolong her life but that's about it for her."
He groaned softly as Victoria added "She knows of her life's ending sentence in question and put in her request to see you which I promised her I would do it before she gets too sick. I kept my promise and she's at least has a bit of normalcy and happiness from being hospitalized.'
Tom sighed softly as Victoria leaned against him hearing her sobbing loudly. He groaned softly from her sobbing to sigh as she broke off the noises before kissing him on the lips he kissing her back while having hands touching her back pressing her form onto his body. He sighed once she broke off the kiss to hear her giving wording towards the driver that sounded familiar but odd to him. Tom put a hand onto Victoria's shoulder to get her pulling out her mirror and touching up her makeup as he eyed her doing it. He sighed as she put away her makeup and mirror into her travel case before leaning against him he sensing she wanted him to comfort her. He kept his arms around Victoria hearing her sighing repeatedly to find the limo stopping in front of a familiar building that always held a large major store as their flagship making him frown seeing it. Tom didn't say a word as Victoria got him out of the vehicle to the store's entrance passed a crowd of people gathered outside while hearing ooh sounds in feminine voices he ignored. He followed Victoria into the store to the familiar bookstore's floor via elevator to find a crowd of people gathered inside some heard ooh loudly. Tom sighed as he went to stand behind Victoria at the table while keeping his jacket on as she went to read a passage from her book she pulled out of her travel case. Tom formed various emotions on his face while looking down with arms folded making himself seemed amused by what Victoria was reading till she quit.
He heard "Tom, your being silly aren't you behind me?"
Tom shifted to eye Victoria giving him a frown which he smiled while leaning down towards her making himself fully in love with her via appearance while speaking loudly "Your story is amusing me sweetie. I can't wait to get you home to-"
He heard laughter among the crowd interrupting him as Victoria gave him a glare while looking embarrassed and he straightened up his form. 
He found Victoria speaking loudly while looking away "Ah men, can't be mad at my charmer when he's flattering me. Anybody, want me to autograph books, so get into line before Tom gets his way with me."
He heard laughter to lean forwards gently kissing Victoria's throat while smoothing her hair to get her thumping her book onto his head and speaking loudly "Not in public Tom!"
Tom sighed and forced himself to break off the kiss followed by Victoria adding he noticing her looking away "He missed me terribly and yes I missed him terribly while he was out in Hollywood. Yes I managed to rope him into ditching Hollywood to live with me and be my charmer. Excuse me he just arrived into town recently. So anyone want some books autographed?"
Tom eyed Victoria with a smirk after straightening up his form while folding his arms to hear giggling sounds from the females as they got their books autographed by Victoria while hearing comments aimed at him that seemed flattery to him. He heard the familiar bell ringing noise followed by Victoria speaking her familiar line involving ending the autographed session to find her taking his hand into the elevator inside he dipped her and kissed her as the doors shut while hearing lots of ooh sounds from the crowd. Tom raised Victoria to sigh loudly groaning while seeing she looked annoyed which he ignored her expression sensing them filmed to frown eyeing the camera dome in the wall. 
Tom looked away towards Victoria to find her giving off speaking "The ladies are smitten with you and have been demanding your presence despite my attempts to talk them out of the subject. It appears they like you to accompany me as a trophy for my Veronica Thomas's persona."
He formed a glare to get Victoria's hand gripping his chin followed by she giving him a peck before adding "I was hoping that you would show emotion instead of that zoned out look I saw from you last time you were here with me."
He sighed softly as she released his chin to feel the elevator stop followed by the doors opening which he didn't protest as she took his hand and led him out of the store to outside to the waiting limo which they both got inside shutting the door. Tom stiffened finding Barry inside giving him a familiar golden glare while hearing groaning noises from Victoria. 
Tom spoke "What do you expect me to admit?"
He pleaded while eyeing Barry who thrust a newspaper an apparent tabloid he saw was given to Victoria to hear her giving off Hmph sounds seeing her looking through it before thrusting the paper to him. Tom took the newspaper and read finding its focus was a tabloid blaring about him fathering a baby via mating with a female actress not indentified who was demanding him to pay child support payments in a court of law.
Tom thrust the paper aimed at Barry who took it and spoke firmly towards the glaring Builder "The females I mated with were on orders of the High Council's servants via word of mouth thrusting me onto them to mate for my mating urges that happened every timed three lunar months actually. The High Council claimed via servants that the females were altered to prevent a baby from forming which I always made sure I was around them to make sure of this pregnancy status not happening in question. I suspect this is another damned plot to break us up again. Tabloids kept blaring various lies and excuses about me and Victoria's relationship of being apart for a year's time frame."
He glared at Barry finding the Builder speaking Builder's chatter to grimace recalling a memory fully in his mind spoke "I recall being drugged when I attended a party for an actress. She tried to use me for mating which I know my certain part for males have only didn't fit her or her attempts to cooperate into getting her pregnant despite manipulating me. I know she as a last resort used another male in front of me some homeless bum actually from the looks of his raggedy beard and clothes seen of rags. I was allowed to see the baby born and pointed out as the father when I'm not." 
Tom frowned while clamping his mouth shut while eyeing Barry who added Builder chatter and disappeared in a light show to get Victoria's hand on his chin she displaying her Master ability in control making him gulp. 
He gulped as Victoria spoke "And what were you not saying to Barry? Don't deny it for I know it by that voice tone of yours."
He sighed and spoke from memory fully in his mind "This female in question turned out to be a Builder when she tried to get a baby from me. I wasn't really drugged but Builder ordered to mate with her. She let me see what was going on which I was powerless to stop the mating ritual."
Tom clamped his mouth shut to get Victoria's nails digging into his chin making him groan followed by she speaking "And Tom? Your hiding something by my lying sense going off."
He spoke while eyeing her in the eyes "The female's Father blamed me for her pregnancy and child status when he knew that she went with a prostitute just to get out of acting in question. He sort of eased back the blaming status when it was obvious I had a death wish via stunts I was doing enough to get hurt over and over including ignoring my injuries to continue on doing stunts. Besides don't scold me when he wound up backing me and my career into doing dangerous stunts that were said to reportedly kill a manoid I kept on trying to kill myself. I kept on shockingly surviving those deadly attempts to my's and his disgust."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while eyeing Victoria who spoke "And what's his reaction for you out of the Stuntman's Association?"
He spoke "He met me in the hospital after I was recovering from a dangerous stunt and ordered me out of the Stuntman's Association on a permanent basis. I heard the prostitute that gave his daughter the baby wound up seeking to marry her and was stalking her for that. I admit it the actress's father got me to admit my Berserker's sides' abilities which is when he got me to confront the stalker in question that was turning out to want to better their life. I got this broken arm from crashing through a window falling to the pavement down below of a mansion due to bringing the stalker with me down. Stalker didn't survive the fall but I did with a broken arm. The actress's Father backed off on being hissy towards me and managed to get the police to believe that the stalker was suicidal and I was trying to save him despite surviving various falls like it. As a result the tabloids are having a field day with this story calling it a love triangle gone bad."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria who spoke "Something else you want to admit hmm?"
Tom groaned and spoke "The Stuntman's Association did kick me out but that was nine months before the year was over with the using the death wish status towards me. I kept going to them to ask them for a contract despite having injuries on my form from doing body guarding to people including actors and actresses despite publicity known as a stuntman. The Stuntman's Association kept up the trick of having me as a member when I was actually doing body guarding to well known people including appearing to be dating the actresses when I was actually body guarding them."
He again clamped his mouth shut into a thin line followed by Victoria willing aside the Master to his relief and speaking "Don't ever leave me again."
He groaned softly hearing the firmness of her voice tone leaned forwards and kissed her on the lips in response a lengthy kiss which he sighed once she broke it off to pull out a familiar object towards him. He sighed seeing the object was a ring which he put on, on his left hand and felt himself fine wearing it while eyeing Victoria warily to see her hold up her left hand he gripping. 
He found her thrusting her ring finger to spot a three stone like diamond ring and heard from her "Samira gave me this ring once it was obvious her life was ending. She did say something about my Father able to find me anywhere while I'm wearing the ring but has refused to say what she meant. Robert has refused to talk on the subject when asked. My Father appeared to be shocked when I showed him the ring on my finger and echoing Samira's words about finding me but has refused to explain what's going on."
Tom sighed softly to gently kiss Victoria's hand via the ring area to get her adding "Aw flatterer, Tomcat."
He stiffened from the word of Tomcat gave Victoria a glare while speaking firmly "Never say the name of Tomcat again to me. I hate that name."
Tom got from Victoria giving him a glare followed by she speaking "Then why do you put up with that name from the High Council? Don't deny it for I've heard this talk from the Meritanians as their referred with names of Walls and Kiddy talking to me from time to time."
He bared his teeth in a sneering glare while speaking in a firm voice tone with a memory fully in mind "I was actually off planet via another planetary world when the High Council found me and brought me to Shadan. They gave me a purpose to do to have something in my life. So I make exceptions towards them for getting me out of that hell I suffered and giving me something to do in return. I owe them that favor hence I letting them getting away with that insulting name of Tomcat."
Tom tightened his hold onto Victoria's hand when she tried to take it away finding her appear to look nervous. 
He released his hold onto her hand after giving it a kiss to hear from the driver "Well we're here at your destination."
Tom spoke seeing Victoria looking nervous "I admit it I do love you. I don't want to hurt you again. Your Father made it clear that I shouldn't harm you period. He taught me a lesson in that matter a lesson I aim to keep in mind."
He saw Victoria appear to compose herself and followed her out of the limo to find them at the Ladies Fashion Magazine's building which he followed her inside to find himself sitting in a meeting room as she and the boss Tansy as dubbed sat around discussing jargon that confused him. He leafed through a magazine left on the table while eavesdropping onto the ladies' talk finding himself not able to understand a word of their jargon that sounded of feminine problems leakage problems annoying him. 
Tom sighed to pace with arms folded to get from Tansy "Victoria would you see me in my office please? I need to show you something involving the next issue we're featuring this time. Sorry but your charming Tom would have to stay here and wait while I show what I need to show you."
He exhaled a breath hearing the edge in Tansy's voice tone to frown giving her a glare finding Victoria giving him one of his favorite smiles seeing the look not in her eyes but of pleading he sighed and forced himself to sit down resuming leafing through the magazine. Tom heard Tansy and Victoria leave the room gently shutting the door to peer via the windows seeing them walk away appearing to go to Tansy's office. He waited seemingly lengthy to find an article by Victoria in the magazine subject making him grimace reading he discovering was about rape. He exhaled a breath finding Victoria's words talking about the subject including how a female would feel if it happened to them he finding she seemingly using personal experience to describe it via the article. Tom thrust the magazine onto the table while rubbing a hand over his eyes and grimacing recalling on seeing Victoria's fear expression.
He wound up thinking to himself "Victoria, I wish I wouldn't have you afraid of me. I do love you enough to want you as mine."
He sighed and leaned back in the chair shutting his eyes forcing himself to mediate despite feeling anger hitting him. Tom heard the sound of the door opening to wake up looking to find Tansy and Victoria coming into the room chattering talk about the magazine's latest issue a popular issue due to the month of December coming up in a bit of several weeks after the Halloween holiday passed. Tom sighed and got up going towards Victoria to rub hands onto her shoulders to sense her stiffen to see Tansy giving him a golden eyed glare in response. 
He gently turned Victoria around and spoke firmly while eyeing her in the eyes she having pleading in them "I just wish I wouldn't have you afraid of me despite I getting the feeling of that."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Victoria turned around and shook hands with Tansy followed by taking his hand and got them out of the building to the familiar limo he hearing her speaking "Castle."
He groaned out "I read your article talking about rape including how you were feeling regarding it when I did that to you. I really meant it when I said my wish about you afraid of me."
He bowed his head while rubbing hands over his eyes to get her hand touching his chin in a gentle touch. Tom eyed Victoria to get her kissing him on the lips followed by her leaning against him with her arms wrapped around him he hearing soft crying sounds from her. He sighed and wrapped arms around Victoria to find the limo entering Jinks' building to find Jinks in the garage displaying the Master in control with a glare on his face. 
Tom gulped seeing Jinks' facial expression as Victoria spoke "Daddy seems tuned to me whenever I'm upset. He keeps on blaming males for making me have crying fits."
He frowned but got out of the car following Victoria seeing her going up to her Father and hugging the male who gave him a glare once her face was out of his eyesight. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria added while giving him a glare "Tom, stay in the car now. I'm here to visit Robert that is in residence like I said I would towards him via phone call at Tansy's office. She reminded me of the visit actually which I made the phone call so go back into the car now."
He saw pleading in her eyes groaned and obeyed to sit in the limo in the back seat hearing from the driver unexpectedly "She's afraid of what she'll find out about you serving the High Council."
Tom shifted to eye the Highlander driver who he saw was peering at him via the rearview mirror who added he heard "She knows your an assassin a dangerous one as said repeatedly via her Father to her whenever they communicate with you down asleep as always. Her father has via the glaring looks he gives you that you might cause deadly harm towards his daughter. Hence he ordering the car explosion that tried to take you out despite you managed to save one of us from the same fate in question."
Tom exhaled a breath to hear the driver add "Victoria hasn't fully accepted that your a former servant of the High Council an assassin despite her feelings towards you. It's causing her to feel fear towards you from time to time whenever she thinks your acting out your angry rages she calls your flaring the Berserker side in control. It was her father who convinced her to wear that ring that belonged to Samira herself despite saying something involving finding her anywhere while she's wearing it. I'm not at liberty to say what that means except say that her father has trust issues towards you in question."
Tom frowned to find the driver looking away out the window which he peered waiting impatiently for Victoria's return finding her walking into sight with a glare on her face making him frown seeing that expression. He frowned as he got out and stood with arms folded to get Victoria shaking her head in a no gesture while pausing from walking followed by resuming walking up towards him to get into the vehicle without a word. Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria ignored him while appearing to be angry about something she glaring out the window on her side of the car. 
Tom frowned as he heard from the driver once out of the building "Where to, Miss Montreal?"
He eyed Victoria who spoke "Home."
He heard the rude tone of Victoria's voice frowned while eyeing her despite she continuing on looking out the window sensing she was furious with something. Tom frowned as the limo arrived to their building which he got out following Victoria carrying her travel case she thrust towards him to carry which he obeyed and ignored the presses gathered outside pestering them with various questions. Tom followed Victoria into the building to the elevator to their apartment which inside he heard groaning noises from her followed by following her into their bedroom. He took off his uniform finding to his annoyance a scarring marking on his lower arm right where the bone broke the skin making him annoyed to see. Tom went into his room to punch and kick onto the boxer's bag finding his mood bad again. 
He gave up growling noises while punching and kicking to sense himself filmed to figure to himself "Damned Listeners filming for the High Council."
Tom ignored the filming feeling to continue on punching the bag including doing limber kicking till he felt tired to yawn while stretching his arms. He sighed and went to the couch to sit back leaning despite his spy sense going off he realizing it was when he was in the room. He shut his eyes passing out unconscious to jerk open his eyes of an odd dream hitting him making him grimace from seeing it involved roughly grabbing Victoria and throwing her into their bathroom and thrusting her into the shower stall and stripping her of her clothes followed by doing the same with his own clothes of sweatpants. 
He grimaced seeing the dream involved Victoria acting too scared to fight him back despite her pleas of "Don't hurt me Tom!"
Tom kept the grimace recalling the dream involved getting them both into the shower turning on the water to his heat toleration levels getting her screaming "It's too hot and burning me! Lower the hot water now!"
He kept on grimacing finding from the dream he refused to budge instead raped Victoria screaming of pain and seemingly screaming his name in a pleading voice tone. He continued to remember fully he turned off the water and left Victoria in the shower stall crying away while curled into a ball before going to dry himself and went to the bed to sleep. Tom groaned softly to recall Rosie to get up going towards her while staring at the plant. 
He heard Rosie's familiar sneeze spoke out loud "Excuse me but I was hoping to know what's going on within me if you don't mind, mind scanning me?"
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Rosie to get urged to touch one of her petals obeyed to find the dream of Victoria turning into a different female dressed trashy and sexy coming onto him while he was walking out of the Stuntman's Association building due to being fired from the group. Tom shut his eyes recalling the dream involving Victoria but this time involved the prostitute to recall waking up by Barry's hand gagging him on the neck the Builder getting him up from the bed. He grimaced recalling fully as Barry got him to apologize towards the prostitute for his nasty behavior and treatment followed by getting him whipped on the back as punishment. Tom exhaled a breath as he felt his urge to let go of Rosie's petal obeyed to rub hands through his hair yanking at the strands as he felt a female straddling him while hearing a familiar growling noise. He opened his eyes finding Victoria on his lap giving him her familiar Master's glare he leaned back onto the couch groaning loudly while eyeing the ceiling. Tom sighed as Victoria's hand found him bare of underwear while underneath the sweatpants he was wearing. He stiffened as he felt her other hand touching his bare cheek with nails digging into the area making him glare at her. Tom glared while feeling her nails weren't digging into his scarred cheek as he felt her other hand rubbing him while making him growl an angry sound. He growled growling loudly as Victoria removed her hand off his cheek followed by grabbing his chin and kissing him on the lips he kissing her back as if feeling like needing to do it. 
Tom broke the kiss off while feeling her hand still stroking him to speak "Make up your mind on what your doing towards me. Either torture me or mate with me make up your mind."
He glared at Victoria to find her adjusting his pants to bare himself and sighed while forcing himself to eye the ceiling feeling her hands massaging him making him sigh loudly. Tom sighed as Victoria was felt getting off of him followed by her hands' removal making him shiver before feeling her hands' again as he felt moisture on the area. Tom exploded giving off a roar from Victoria's mouth felt onto him, knocking Victoria aside while growling nonsense sounds as he stood up adjusted his pants and without a word towards her stormed into his room to continue onto doing his karate onto the boxer's bag. He felt rage from Victoria's mouthing him kept on doing karate seemingly lengthy despite sensing her watching him he ignored. Tom ignored Victoria sensed watching him to glimpsed her on the couch seated in a cross legged position while forming ranges of emotions on her face she watching him. 
He felt enough of her staring roared out "Enough of staring at me! Get out and leave me alone now!"
He glared at Victoria while thrusting a finger aimed at the door to find her getting up without a word and she forming a frown while looking at him. Tom went to the door to the room once she was out of sight to slam it shut including locking it before going back to the boxer's bag to resume doing his karate he feeling his mood still bad as usual. He kept on kicking and fisting the bag to sense himself stared at to find Victoria again seated on the couch how she got into his room he figured she used the Master abilities to gain entrance inside. Tom felt his mood still bad gave the bag a shove before stomping to the corner of the room where the closet was and kneeled while shutting his eyes forcing himself to mediate despite his angry mood. He stiffened as he felt Victoria's hands touching his shoulder from behind in some massaging method making him more angry.
Tom snarled out in a growling tone "Get your hands off me now! I'm in a bad mood enough to do something violent! I don't want to hurt you or damage the apartment!"
He opened his eyes as Victoria's hands refused to leave his shoulders still massaging away making him further angrier and stiffening further. Tom found Victoria's touch got the best of him making him get up while giving up a loud roaring sound of anger. He found Victoria giving him a frown as he stomped towards the boxer's bag and resumed doing his karate onto it till her staring got the best of him. Tom felt his mood bad again stomped into the room's bathroom to slam the door locking it while staring at the mirror after finding the lights turning on to find Victoria in the room watching him via the doorway. He felt rage hitting him rubbed a hand on his scarred cheek out of habit due to his angry mood. Tom continued to rub his cheek while glaring at himself in the mirror he ignoring Victoria watching him. He felt rage hitting him stepped back and thrust his left fist fully into the mirror seeing it shatter in pieces on impact from his hand. Tom continued to fist the mirror repeatedly while growling angrily finding the pieces left their holding to land onto the sink he ignoring them breaking up in front of him. He ignored the pain hitting his left hand to keep on fisting the mirror till it was entirely gone from its place before rubbing the hand onto his forehead he feeling leakage. He sensed blood from the cuts of the mirror smashing ignored the feeling while rubbing hands through his hair ignoring the leakage getting onto there from rubbing his throbbing hand onto the area. Tom stomped out of the bathroom seeing Victoria stepped aside to get out of his way as he went to the boxer's bag and proceeded to do karate onto it despite seeing the bag become stained of blood from his cut knuckles he ignored the staining. Tom kept up the karate seemingly lengthy till he felt dizziness hitting him groaned and found the padded floor rising to meet him and felt it on his cheek before shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to finding himself lying in bed that he sensed was the bed he shared with Victoria while feeling his left hand had a bandage over the area that indicated of the High Council's servant bandaged him there. He groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead as he heard the familiar alarm clock blaring to groan while rolling over feeling his mood no longer bad to him but sadness hitting him. Tom sensed Victoria getting out of the bed by the vibrations to grab her pillow throwing it over his head held in place via an arm as he recalled the scene Rosie gave him to stiffen as it changed to show the prostitute into Victoria. Tom stiffened as he recalled the dream fully to stiffen fully with shock running through him that it was a memory of what he did towards Victoria while Barry made him apologize for that nastiness. 
He kept the pillow covering his head to think to himself "Blast I hurt Victoria again. Hence she trying to teach me a lesson on that by mouthing me where I don't want to be mouthed. She also letting me blow my temper tantrum onto a mirror in the bathroom of my room. Ugh, I just wish for once I would stop hurting Victoria via rape method. It's aggravating."
Tom groaned softly to feel a hand tapping him onto his leg followed by removing Victoria's pillow to find Victoria dressed in her familiar pantsuit and speaking "My brother called and wants me to visit. I said I would do that. I suggests you stay home this time and wait for me to come back. I don't want you to stay in the car suffering boredom enough to blow a hissy fit once at home here."
He sighed and without a word thrust the pillow on top of his head held via arm to hear nothing from Victoria only the door shut and light turned off. Tom forced himself to mediate feeling his mood becoming bad again. He kept on lying onto the bed seemingly lengthy waiting impatiently for Victoria's return as he felt a familiar earthquake vibration making him thrust aside the pillow with a frown. Tom felt the earthquake vibration get more intense got up from the bed going to the doorway only to feel a fist connect with his face making him thrown backwards while hearing a familiar roaring noise sounding of anger to him.

Tom grimaced from memory of Jinks getting into Victoria's apartment to use him as a punching bag as he found himself back into Alexei's familiar restraint trap again. He kept his mouth shut as Breaker forced his head down to give Jason with Alexei no where in sight a glare of accusation in his eyes while not speaking anything towards the male. 
Tom got from Jason speaking in Summeran "Spill it now on what you did towards Victoria Montreal."
He heard Breaker speaking Builder's familiar chatter found himself relaying the rape including burning her in the shower with hot water while doing the mating in there. 
He clamped his mouth shut once done to give Jason a glare finding the male speaking "Anything else you want to admit hmm?"
Tom heard the edge in Jason's voice tone spoke firmly "Your not saying what your fully not saying towards me."
He glared at Jason who spoke in response "Have him stare at the light now."
He found Breaker's hand forcing his head up to face the light he grimacing from the light's blaring glare while hearing nothing sounding in the room. Tom grunted as he felt the familiar electricity jolts of pain hitting him from behind making him grunt loudly He grunted while glaring at the light to find his head forced down by Breaker's hand he glaring at Jason. Tom grimaced finding Jinks in vicinity with Alexei seated in his familiar wheelchair followed by seeing Victoria's father whispering something towards the seated male who gave him a head bob in response. He grimaced from the pain hitting him as the electrical jolts continued while seeing Jinks walking out of sight to hear a door slamming sound. He frowned to that noise as he grimaced from the pain while grunting loudly to get Breaker's hand covering his mouth cutting off his noises. 
Tom glared at Alexei who spoke "Alright I'll tell you. Miss Montreal went to see her brother at her father's residence while suffering from pains of burns on her form."
He stiffened from Alexei's words as the male continued "Her painful status was indicated when Mister Montreal himself laid eyes onto her. He got her to admit the forced rape in the shower and you burning her via hot water enough to suffer injury from it. Mister Montreal's reaction was to act furiously angry enough to set off one of his powerful earthquakes that was felt all over the city. He sort of traveled to your home location where he proceeded to use his fists onto you before got told off by Barry telling him that I would handle the punishment in question."
Tom kept the glare while eyeing Alexei as he felt the pain continued to hit his body as the male kept talking "Mister Montreal isn't taking the fact that you harmed his daughter lightly. He's said to me on wanting you out of her life and out of having you brainwash her, his words, not mine, into giving you acceptance you crave from a female since your Thura passed away."
He kept the glare in response while eyeing Alexei who gave up a coughing fit seeing Jason bent down appearing to look and behave like a concerned person towards the male's sick noises. He glared at Alexei as Breaker thrust his head up forcing himself to glare at the light while squinting his eyes again. Tom heard nothing in response from the glaring at the light feeling his mood plummet hearing Alexei's words. He clamped his mouth shut while glaring at the light feeling his rage taking control but breathed deeply through his mouth forcing himself to mediate with eyes open. Tom breathed deeply through his mouth as he felt his rage taking control to give off growling noises he hearing his voice sounding faint to him. He gave up growling noises while feeling the pain hitting his hands despite his attempt to curl them into fists blocked. Tom felt his anger taking control hitting him felt something within him as he got more and more angry. He felt the angry feeling hitting him fisted his hands despite the pain and kept them fisted. That despite the pain felt hitting his hands and continuing on hitting his body from behind in an electrical jolts. Tom gave up a roar as he felt the Berserker side within him without a word burst into control followed by feeling his Human form straining against trying to release that side despite the mysterious restraints restraining him as he shut his eyes gritting his teeth. He opened his eyes when he felt a hand touching his body right on his chest over his beating heart that felt like a Freeloader to him. Tom felt his head able to look down to find his Father standing there touching him with disappointment in his golden Human like eyes.
He spoke "Don't you dare reject me! I'll do anything to gain acceptance even from a female despite her Father disagreeing on having us together. I couldn't take the rejection from Thura giving me hence I seeking acceptance from another female I was trying to find as Thura's replacement. She appeared to accept me but I got some kind of nasty way of accepting her. I did tell her I wish I wouldn't make her afraid of me. I did read a piece on her writing on how she felt being into a forced mating ritual. Hence I coming upon this thinking in question."
Tom eyed his father who forced his head up in response to find a hand slapping him onto the cheek mostly onto the scarred cheek he jerking his eyes open to find the familiar light was no longer in view. He glared to find Jason without Alexei as Breaker he saw covered his mouth. 
He kept the glare aimed at Jason who spoke "What do you want now Tom? Breaker saw that you were asleep and woke you up. I'm just about to retire for the night."
Tom heard the sarcasm of Jason's voice tone spoke after Breaker removed his hand "I'll kill you, you bastard."
He got Breaker's hand covering his mouth to get Jason speaking "Bastard? Eh what's that anyway? Some stinking insulting term your thinking towards me? Hmph. Eli increase the pain by a level and Breaker have him look at the light again."
He found the electricity jolts hitting him at a faster level as he found himself glaring at the light to squint his eyes before roaring growling loudly he hearing it faint within his ears. Tom felt sleepiness shut his eyes to find himself dreaming of every out casted behavior moment by the Freeloaders while in Uzan repeatedly over and over making him cry tears. 
He cried out abruptly "Help me!"
Tom repeated his words while chanting it over and over as he blinked his eyes to find himself lying on a padded floor wearing a familiar restraint around his body keeping his arms locked together. He felt too short pants onto his form as he jerked open his eyes waking up to discover himself filmed from the feeling to spot a camera dome above him. Tom looked around discovering himself lying on a bed he forced himself to get up spotting an all white room with a metallic like door in front of him humming of electricity from the sounds. 
He bowed his head to feel tears spilling from his eyes as he thought to himself "I'm forever locked up alone and rejected. Jinks didn't accept me due to his love towards his daughter he kept on fingering me for hurting her. Victoria either accepted me or was doing that due to her love towards a Builder named Mason who's appearance was twin to mine except the hair. Mason must have Builder ordered Victoria to accept me in the process of not able to have her due to a family connection."
He felt his tears flow from his eyes allowed them through to stare at the metallic door seemingly lengthy before hearing thundering sound while feeling the familiar rocking movements of the boat jerking up and down in the waves. Tom sighed to lay his form down onto the bed while eyeing the ceiling seemingly lengthy to find the rocking lulled him to sleep. Tom passed out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he discovering his arms wasn't restrained while lying on a familiar bed. He jerked open his eyes to find Barry standing next to him discovering the room was twin to the one he was given as an assassin of the High Council. 
Tom frowned while staring at Barry who spoke "You'll find the proper gear for you in the private room off there."
He saw Barry jab a finger in a direction followed by the Builder adding "You're not immune to my voice talent orders. I tried it out onto you asleep and you behaved underneath my orders."
Tom groaned softly while forcing himself to get up hearing nothing from Barry in response to his groaning noises the Builder seemingly having good hearing. He went into the private room to stare at himself in the mirror while rubbing a hand over his scarred cheek he feeling rage running through him. 
Tom mentally spoke while eyeing himself in the mirror "Once an assassin is always an assassin. I guess that's what I'll be from now on. It's obvious I'll be that for the High Council and nothing else."
He heard the familiar laughter tones within him to grimace hearing "An assassin you will not be as long as I have say in that."
He stiffened from his Father's voice sounding in his mind despite not bringing the Berserker into control to mentally spoke in response while hearing the laughter "Then tell me what you want me to be? I wanted acceptance and I'm not getting it from anyone but the High Council."
Tom heard nothing in response to his wording stomped towards the shower to tear off the pants before entering it letting the water fall via his heat toleration levels. He felt tears spilling from his eyes again kneeled while rocking his form back and forth as his senses blared warning indicating he was spied on. Tom ignored the spying he figured was Barry doing it to force himself to get up and began cleaning himself with the soap and shampoo finding the spying quit to his relief. Tom walked out once done to put on his familiar High Council's servant wear clothes to find a mask included this time he discovered only covered his eyes despite having a band strapped around his head. He went to the mirror while adjusting his hair to discover the mask was twin to the Highlander servant's wear. He groaned softly as he adjusted his semi damp hair to hide the band then left the private room to find Barry seated on the bed that had a concentration look on his face. 
Tom stared at Barry seeing the Builder open one eye and spoke "Go get some nourishment while your at it. You could use it anyway."
He obeyed to leave the bedroom to go to the barroom to meet the bartender, a Listener there rattling off drinks he assumed was the names. 
Tom recalled his Vodka drink spoke "Vodka. I'll take that."
He leaned against the bar getting the Listener an apparent female giving of a loud Hmph sound in a feminine tone before doing his order and handed him the drink he discovered was milk to the taste. 
Tom glared at the bartender while holding up the drink loudly snarling "This isn't what I said it was supposed to be."
He glared at the bartender to feel a hand tapping him on the shoulder to glare at a Listener next to him having facial hair that spoke "A word of wise, never drink whenever having an internal problem hitting you seemed to be having."
Tom gave up a growling noise as the Listener continued ignoring his noises "You'll find yourself easily underneath the influence of the drink if you taste it with the internal problem. You'll wound up finding yourself blabbing various secret things you don't want anybody to know. Believe me, one of us went through that and is down in the brig at the moment sleeping off the influence of the drink. Don't you dare throw a hissy fit about this."
Tom quit his growling noises to force himself to sip the drink of milk taking his time while glaring at the bar's top that was in a white color. He kept the glare as he forced himself to take his time sipping the drink till it was entirely consumed to place the cup down onto the bar's top in a fast move. He walked out of the barroom to meet Barry on the way in who spoke Builder gibberish he finding himself transported to one of the bedrooms and found himself sleepy enough to lie onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to hearing a familiar ringing noise sounding within his ears despite feeling his angry mood quit being bad within him. He felt himself calmer to find the Falcons had their holds onto his arms as he opened his eyes and forced himself to stand. 
He eyed the High Council to find Shad speaking "Mindbender is the name we will be referring you from now on. Ignore our use of recycling names for we request that. Your not to ask questions about who held the name of Mindbender before you anytime without us ordering you to do that. Failure to ask would result in being punished of whipping. Or in Meritanians' terms dumped into the ocean to swim among the Trigans them teaching you how to swim which you in return helping them birth their offsprings."
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Onya was heard "Now we have a mission for you involving your mental abilities we're aware of what they are fully involving your side you dub Berserker. Don't think we don't know a thing about your Berserker side when we actually know of it fully."
He kept the thin line with his mouth as the Falcons were felt putting their hands onto his shoulders while releasing his arms as he got an image of a male flashing above him he saw was of a male Human dressed in a suit. 
Tom heard the familiar words from Shad "This is your target your to assassinate using your mental abilities involving the Berserker side in control. Just make sure your target is dead period."
He kept his mouth shut in a thin line to recall the High Council's teaching him on leaving evidence of his assassinations fully in his mind as he heard "Ramses transport Mindbender to where he can assassinate his target now."
Tom found the Falcons' hands off his shoulders as he found himself in a forest with night vision blaring in his eyesight. He heard feet pounding the pavement indicating of jogging while sensing no filming sensations along with glimpsing lights blaring in a direction. Tom went to the lights slowly making himself quiet onto the forest floor. He came underneath the glare of the lights to peer behind a tree to find his target a male Human clad in jogging sweats looking like he was out of breath. Tom recalled the instructions on leaving evidence willed forwards the Berserker while thrusting a clawed hand towards the lights within vicinity to stiffen with realization that he was in Central Park in New York City from the looks of it. 
He eyed the targeted Human who bent down appearing to be gasping from jogging as he mentally spoke "Once an assassin is always an assassin, Human die." 
Tom found the male collapsing onto the pavement onto his front while seeing the familiar bloody areas from the male's ears despite the face touching the pavement's area. He forced himself to slowly slip away from the male's dead body quietly going into the forest of trees to find night vision resuming onto his eyes to find the familiar spot where he was transported. 
Tom stood and yelled mentally after willing aside the Berserker "Ramses! Job's done! So transport me out!"
He found himself transported to the High Council's throne room he kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing the High Council as Shad was heard "Ramses why is Mindbender in our presence after doing a job for us? Transport him to where he can get rest once he done doing jobs for us now!"
He found himself out of the High Council's throne room back into Victoria's apartment in his familiar room to mentally yell "Ramses! The High Council didn't say this room for me to rest but their own room instead!"
He found himself ignored to sense himself filmed abruptly to wave a hand towards the Listener while willing forwards the Berserker to hear a whining squeal sound followed by the filming stopping. Tom heard a door bang open followed by the glare of a light blaring overhead making his eyes blink to hear a loud gasp sound. He found Victoria in the room doing a double take look with nervousness seen in her eyes as he gave her a glare. Tom willed forwards the Berserker to flex a clawed hand in her direction seeing her form the Master in her eyes while having a hand up. 
He willed aside the Berserker and folded his arms to snarl loudly "Damned Meritanian for transporting me here. I shouldn't be here anyway." 
Tom gave Victoria a glare who quit the Master's look followed by walking up towards him to look up at him while he looked down at her. 
He frowned feeling the urge to mate hitting him ignored the feeling to growl loudly while speaking "Get away from me. I'm in no mood to talk to you after your father made it clear I should be away from you."
Tom glared at Victoria finding her hand touching his scarred cheek despite wearing the eye mask that still showed his eyes peering out he stiffening from her touch. He fisted his hands while growling loudly finding Victoria brought her other hand to his other cheek to gently kiss him on the lips he kissing her back in response while forcing himself to keep his hands at his sides. He kept on kissing Victoria to feel her removing the mask off his face to settle on top of his head like a headband. Tom broke off the kiss to frown staring at Victoria as he sensed the familiar urge to mate hitting him hard from the feeling making him grimace from it. He grimaced fully on his face as he felt her hands touching his cheeks exploring the areas fully making his urges hitting harder. Tom breathed deeply through his nose as Victoria got him lying onto the couch in a fast move. He sighed as she stripped off her sweats showing her naked form and straddled him while pulling himself out of his pants to play with. Tom sighed while eyeing Victoria in the eyes she looking at him as he felt himself entering her and found her rocking him with hands on his shoulders. Tom sighed thrusting his head up baring his neck from the intense charges of pleasure hitting him each time he was inside Victoria till he jerked once spilling inside her once fully up to the hilt to her. He gave out a soft moan from the charges running through him to lower his head while staring at her finding her Master ability going away followed by her getting up pulling him out of her. He shivered from that as she covered him and picked up her clothes putting them on and with him watching left the room shutting the door while turning off the light. Tom exhaled a breath to put on the mask covering his face before standing up waiting as he found himself in the High Council's presence again. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing the High Council to find them showing a news broadcast he saw was involving the death of a male jogger found collapsing onto the pavement with a bloody look via ears and mouth. Tom kept his mouth shut firmly while eyeing the broadcast to find the news' reporter interviewing the lead investigator on the case he hearing nothing referring to himself instead indicated a heart problem. He kept on watching as the view shifted to show inside a police station via recording he figuring out it was carried by a Listener crawling around getting their talk. Tom found the Listener stopped moving once into a room that appeared to contain the Commissioner's office. He eyed the bald head male who put down the phone he appearing to be listening to while putting a hand over his eyes.
Tom frowned to hear in Summeran "Shut the door now. I don't want anyone to hear of this."
He found a male dressed in a suit obeying to shut the blinds followed by the Commissioner he assumed was the bald headed male speaking "Brain Wave struck again."
Tom kept his mouth shut refusing to comment to that name as the Commissioner added "The latest victim a jogger a male found in central park appearing to collapsed from jogging. Someone seeing that went to check onto him and found Brain Wave's calling card. It is twin to the other murders. Blood leakage out of ears and eyes with mind organ I'm assuming is destroyed as usual. I'm just annoyed that I thought Brain Wave was gone for good. I'll have to ring up Jason Zesky again and see what's going on with him."
He stiffened hearing Jason's name spoken continued to eye the scene as the Commissioner dialed the phone while speaking "Jason Zesky please."
He heard a pause followed by "its Commissioner Barrow of the New York City Police Department. I have a murder of a jogger with Brain Wave's calling card seen again. What's going on?"
Tom frowned to hear loudly "I'm the great mighty Ramses the great. I'm the greatest for you can't do a thing about it hah, hah."
He growled an annoyed sound as he heard from the Commissioner speaking "Brain Wave according to Jason is in containment. He's checking it out to be sure of this. I've been put on hold at the moment."
Tom found the scene above changed to show a male in containment with twin hair color and style making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. He eyed the male to see the recording showed himself complete with the scar lying down on the bed with accusation seen in his eyes making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. 
He found an image of Mason flashing in his mind to think to himself "You locked him in my place in the Zesky Asylum keeping him contained due to his looks is twin to me."
Tom kept his mouth shut as he continued to eye the recording while adding to his thought "Once an assassin is always an assassin. Its what I am from now on since it's the only acceptance I'll ever get in my life."
He heard the familiar snickering laughter sounding within his mind to hear "Not if I have my way, Tom."
Tom ignored the laughter to continue on eyeing the recording to blink his eyes hearing a familiar ringing noise. Tom felt himself lying on a bed rolled over hearing the alarm clock blaring its noises. He groaned softly from the noise to feel Victoria getting up from the bed which he grabbed her pillow putting it over his head. He sighed as he felt a vibration of King Winter's cat as if knowing what it was getting onto the bed followed by pawing his hands meowing loudly in some odd tone. Tom sighed and removed the pillow to eye the cat to find Victoria no where in sight. He got up and followed the cat into his room to get multiple paws batting his toes he seeing belonged to Icy the cat's kittens about six of them meowing their play with me cries. He sighed and forced himself to sit onto the floor and played multiple games of wrestling with the kittens while feeling them climbing all over him he grimacing from their sharp claws getting onto his skin despite clad in sweats. He played with the kittens and their Mother over and over to find the Mama cat giving off an excited meow followed by darting away as he heard a door knocking sound. Tom looked up to find King Winter standing in the doorway that held up a hand towards Icy sitting on his shoulder that shifted form into a beaked gonoid version of the Falcons while hearing awks sounds from the kittens. He eyed them to see them shift into birds that flew towards Icy to land onto her appearing to be a part of her. He forced himself to get up while eyeing King Winter who made his talk sign which he obeyed to allow the Cold Lord's hand to grip his neck. 
He heard the loud demanding voice blaring "Son what lesson I'm trying to teach you?"
He stiffened for the voice sounded not of King Winter's instead sounded of his Father to see the Cold Lord shift into the Guardian of Life and Death he shocked to see. Tom found himself standing on a cliff with an overhang above a row of green trees. 
He found Guardian standing behind him who spoke again "Say it what you want the most now."
Tom spoke "Victoria."
He grimaced as memories of his time in Uzan flashed into his mind as Guardian was heard behind him repeating his question. 
Tom spoke again firmly while glaring at Guardian "Someone to love me."
He eyed Guardian who grabbed his hand and pulled him away into the forest while hearing from the male "What price will you pay for this to happen hmm?"
He stiffened as Guardian got him away from the cliff to stand in a clearing among trees while again repeating his question. 
He spoke as if knowing the answer "Acceptance. I'll pay the price for that by having someone to love me and I doing the same instead of just accepting me."
He clamped his mouth shut as Guardian reached out a hand touching him on the shoulder and spoke "So be it, return to your world now."
Tom felt his eyes forced shut to came to discovering himself lying on a bed that felt familiar and was wearing an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He felt a hand belonging to a Freeloader gripping his left hand as he shook the effects of sleep from within him to focused opening his eyes onto the one holding his hand. Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled seeing the Freeloader was his Father who had a familiar look in his golden eyes he recognized from memory of his Mother giving the male that look as he was yanked out of her then shot to death. Tom stiffened from the memory flashing in his mind sensing his mind scanned to eye his Father who kept a hand's grip onto his hand he squeezed with affection feeling it squeezed back. He eyed his Father to feel a hand holding his right hand he looked to find Barry that had a pity look in his eyes he sighed softly from seeing the look. Tom didn't say a word towards Barry as the Builder kept his hand's hold onto his hand feeling the male's acceptance towards him by the look in the Builder's eyes. 
He shifted to eye his Father sensing his mind scanned to hear fully within his mind despite not triggering his Berserker side "Your Mother despite her feelings towards me and my Banshee side actually named you your name of Tom while she was carrying you."
He sighed hearing his Father's voice sounding within his mind to continue to hear "She admitted to having a sibling with that name that passed away before she was born. Her parents from the sense of them never got over the loss of Tom their son and gave her, her name of Tomah. She knew that you were a male when you started making your presence known inside her by communicating towards her. Tomah heard your thoughts communicating your wants while inside her you indicating that you wanted her to love you I heard you say it to her while I hand a hand on her."
Tom sighed again as his Father paused to feel a hand rubbing his forehead he finding was belonged to Barry's who forced his eyes shut he passing out unconscious to come to finding himself facing Guardian while on the cliff overhang. 
Tom eyed Guardian with a frown to find the male eyeing him back while speaking "So tell me what you learned hmm?"
He groaned softly and spoke "A love from a parent is more than just acceptance."
He clamped his mouth shut to find Guardian forcing his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar sound blaring loudly. 
Tom felt himself falling towards the darkness down below while hearing a familiar voice speaking "Is there anything worth living in life your willing to die for?"
He stiffened hearing Guardian's voice to scream out "Acceptance is what I'm willing to die for!"
Tom felt himself hitting something padded that felt like a bed to him while feeling a cat's rumbling vibrations on his chest. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself in the Zesky Hospital's outpatient rooms with a cat appearing to be a recorder that got off his chest and gave off a meow in a soft tone. Tom sighed forcing himself to sit up while feeling restraints on his ankles but not on his wrists. He sat up looking around the room recalling on doing a job for the High Council to his confusion only to recall that it was a dream involving him locked up in an all white room while wearing restraints on his form. He exhaled a breath to hear a yowl from the cat followed by the door to the room opening he looked to grimace seeing Breaker walking inside that stepped aside showing Jason with arms folded and a familiar glare on his face. 
Tom grimaced as Jason spoke "Breaker, take the cat out of here."
He frowned as Breaker obeyed only to return without the cat shutting the door and standing behind Jason with arms folded making him grimace seeing the glare on the male's face. 
Tom frowned forming it on his face while eyeing Jason who spoke after a lengthy silence "Alexei succumbed to his medical ailments. It means he's dead and no longer running things around here which I'm in charge now."
He groaned to rub a hand on his scarred cheek feeling himself upset with the news of Alexei's death as Jason spoke an Ahem sound.
Tom forced himself to focus onto Jason who added after a lengthy silence "Alexei left specific instructions regarding what to do with you I'm inclined to follow. That despite others insisting I should do things my own way and not of Alexei's."
He kept his mouth shut while removing his hand from his scarred cheek while eyeing Jason fully in the eyes finding the male looked away towards Breaker who spoke "You have people sympathizing with you, Tom on your situation."
He again kept his mouth shut forming a thin line with it while refraining from talking as Jason was heard "Anyhow get this piece of garbage out of the Zesky Hospital and back to where he belongs in New York City now!"
He heard Breaker speaking Builder chatter to feel the restraints remove themselves by clicking open followed by feeling himself falling to hit a padded floor with a grunt sound. He heard the sound of a familiar alarm blaring to realize he landed onto a bed to sit up in a lurch while rubbing hands over his eyes and groaning loudly. Tom frowned as he felt a familiar female body straddle him and hand patting his cheek despite his shut eyes. He forced his eyes open to find the female was Victoria that was staring at him with a look in her eyes he recognized from memory of his Mother gave to his Father just prior to passing away. Tom sighed putting his hands to the sides while eyeing Victoria with a frown on his face. He didn't protest as she kissed him on the lips he kissing her back and keeping his hands to himself. Tom felt compelled to put arms on her back obeyed to the compulsion feeling Victoria deepened the kiss while feeling her hands rubbing all over his cheeks. He broke off the kiss once her hand was felt tracing his scarred cheek to groan loudly before resume kissing Victoria she kissing him back. Tom didn't protest as Victoria got him to lie down while still kissing him followed by sighing as she broke off the kiss. He laid on the bed as she stripped him of the hospital gown leaving him naked followed by watching her strip her sweats to again straddle him and resume kissing him on the lips. Tom kissed Victoria while running hands on her breasts fondling the nipples feeling her hands running all over his face including felt tracing the scar. He sensed themselves filmed ignored the feeling to continue on kissing and rubbing Victoria she doing the same towards him. 
Tom sighed as she broke off the kiss to speak "You have my permission to take the top position this time."
He didn't say a word rolled them over till his back was exposed while eyeing Victoria in the eyes finding her displaying encouragement in her eyes. He sighed and without a word felt her legs part surrounding his sides which he rolled his eyes once he entered her fully up to the hilt. Tom shifted from his eye roll to focus onto Victoria as if needing to do it to find her head was up with neck baring while hearing soft moaning sounds from her. He sensed that she was genuine with her feelings and was displaying it as he began a movement of thrusting while sighing again. He felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he rubbed against Victoria which a loud gasp he spilled himself inside her and sank down on top of her. Tom adjusted his position till his face was level with Victoria's face to gently kiss her on the cheek while keeping himself lying on top of her. He feeling her body's touch felt good for him to feel and hug. He didn't say a word as Victoria gave off crying sounds he tightened his arms at her sides in a hug gesture then released while still keeping himself still. He sighed as Victoria got hands running through his hair while again hearing her giving off sniffing sounds and quiet sobbing. 
Tom sighed as he heard "My Tom, how I love you. I missed you terribly. I know what you're going through now while you were out for a month's time frame locked in that asylum."
He sighed again hearing Victoria's words as he continued to hear her weeping out "My Tom."
Tom gently kept his form still while on top of Victoria's as she repeated her comment while feeling her hands running through his hair and on his head as he felt her quit her crying to sigh loudly. He frowned as Victoria's hands went around the back of his neck locking there while feeling her holding him in a hug in a tight hold he not complaining from her holding him in place. He kept his mouth shut to kiss her cheek in a gentle kiss move before adjusting his arms around Victoria's back in a gentle hold. Tom kept on holding Victoria seemingly holding him lengthy while hearing her crying on and off till night vision came to his eyesight and he felt her conk out by sleeping sounds she gave. He sighed once she was fully asleep to get up removing her hands' holds and placed the blanket back on top of her covering her up. He got up from the bed and picked up his hospital gown putting it on as if compelled to his annoyance. Tom went to sit in the armchair eyeing Victoria seemingly lengthy while she was sleeping she stirring in her sleep speaking his name repeatedly but made no move towards him missing from the bed. He sighed and found himself thrown backwards to land onto a padded floor feeling chains' manacles wrap around his ankles and wrists finding Breaker in view appearing to be standing next to him. 
He saw Breaker's position indicated a bed and not a padded floor as he glared at Breaker who spoke while looking elsewhere "Your piece of garbage is back sir."
Tom felt his mood flatten as Jason came into view giving him a glare and speaking "What do you think I should do with this garbage anyway?"
He felt his mood flatten hearing Jason's insult snarled loudly he blurt to his shock "Can't you let me have a life instead of rotting and stinking up your asylum while in containment?"
He glared at Jason refraining from showing his shock to find the male narrowing his golden eyes while eyeing him back in the eyes. 
Tom kept his mouth clamped shut with teeth gritted mouth in a thin line as Jason was heard "Why pray tell should I let you a piece of garbage have a life out of containment hmm?"
He heard the sarcasm of Jason's voice tone spoke recalling Guardian's questions aimed at him "Don't tell me you never knew what's its like to have someone accept you. That despite who and what I am a stinking hybrid of various species out casted and never having what that acceptance is. I got nothing involving acceptance from where I lived before my arrival to Shadan. I after my arrival to Shadan had to learn that the acceptance status isn't a one way street. It's both ways actually."
He glared at Jason to find Breaker putting a hand onto Jason's shoulder he seeing the male's mouth was in a thin line with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
Tom kept the glare aimed at Jason who spoke "Breaker, remove this piece of garbage out of the asylum and out of my sight now! I don't want to find him here again not for anything except for a medical issue!"
He stiffened hearing Jason's voice tone sounded of breaking to find Jason shrugging off Breaker's hand and running out of sight to glare at Breaker who gave up a sound that sounded of Human's disgust to him. Tom kept his mouth shut while eyeing Breaker who spoke Builder's chatter to find the restraints getting off of him followed by thrown backwards to land onto metal with a loud grunt sound. He felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons to find himself back in the High Council's presence he glared with disgust running through him. Tom glared as he heard his voice speaking words of loyalty towards the High Council in a desperation voice tone making him further disgusted to hear as he felt himself filmed unexpectedly. 
He kept the glare as Shad was heard "What do you have to say about this Mindbender?"
Tom spoke making sure he sounded firm ignoring the filming of the recorders in the room "The name is Tom Thunder and it's not Mindbender."
He clamped his mouth shut to keep the glare aimed at the High Council finding the Speakers bowing their heads followed by the group seated behind going into discussion by familiar head waggling and waving hands. 
He kept the glare as the Speakers raised their heads followed by hearing "You said words of loyalty towards us so you're serving us as Mindbender."
Tom spoke still using the firm tone "Loyalty what loyalty are you talking about? I sound like I was pathetic and desperate to serve you in doing anything. I sound like an Annoyov as they call them people doing things in your name but aren't your servants actually."
He kept the glare while eyeing the High Council feeling the Falcons' grips on his arms become more ironclad as he ignored them. 
Tom got from a Speaker in response "Words of loyalty will be spoken by you again this time sounding not of desperation like you claim to say. Mark our words once an assassin is always an assassin and that's the same towards servants of us."
He kept the glare while fisting his hands finding himself not agreeing with what the High Council said as another Speaker added "Transport Mindbender out to where he can get some sleep now."
He found himself transported back into a familiar all white room while blinking his eyes finding himself still restrained by cloth keeping his arms folded across each other via his back and heard the sound of a door opening. Tom looked to find Jason coming into the room giving him a glare while wearing an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He frowned while eyeing Jason to see Breaker behind the male with twin oxygen mask on. Tom felt himself confused to what was going on as he stood up from the bed while eyeing Jason feeling himself sleepy. He shook his head of sleepiness to get Jason jabbing a finger aimed at him. Tom frowned as he felt an oxygen mask placed over his mouth followed by Breaker and guards pulling him out of the room to find them standing in an airlock room that hissed smoke lengthy before getting the oxygen mask yanked off he breathing the air deeply. Tom frowned as Breaker and two guards roughly pulled him out of the room to a hallway and thrust him into a wheelchair he feeling it wheeled forwards with a squeaking sound of wheels moving. Tom kept his mouth shut as Jason led the way to an elevator followed by getting inside still kept in wheelchair. He shook his head feeling himself confused to what was going on as the elevator was felt going up followed by guards wheeling him out. Tom found Jason walking in a rugged dark hallway illuminated by overhead lights to enter a room via open doorway. 
He saw two males wearing suits seated inside the room stand up staring at him with ranges of emotions seen on their faces as he heard "This is Brain Wave aka Tom Thunder himself the assassin Annoyov. He has an alibi on his whereabouts actually so talk to him on what's going on now."
Tom frowned hearing Jason's words as he eyed the males with a frown to find one picking up a folder from the desk and held it up while speaking "Have him look in here and see what's going on."
He frowned as Jason took the folder and opened it showing a picture of a male that appeared to be familiar to him while looking like he had blood leakage via his ears and eyes to hear "Take a good look at this picture and recall it fully on what it involves Mister Thunder."
Tom frowned but kept his mouth shut as Jason added while giving him a glare "This male in the picture is a victim of a twin assassination you did onto your victims over and over. Their brain organ discovered as always destroyed within their heads as cause of death actually. So talk on what you know of this hmm? Excuse his hypnotic voice tone."
Tom shifted to eye the picture Jason was holding underneath a spotlight to speak seeing the suited up males grimace "I was in and out of reality while contained. I have no idea of what's realistic involving you or anybody else including whoever killed this person."
He clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line while seeing Jason cock his head before putting the picture away and thrusting the folder towards a suited male. He frowned forming it on his lips as Jason pulled a hearing device from his ear appearing to be adjusting it before appearing to compose himself from an angry mood. 
He kept his mouth shut as Jason spoke "You sure of what you're saying Mister Thunder? Because I have a lie detector planted in this room that is telling me that you're lying via communication to my listening devices. The others in the room are wearing twin devices and can hear the lie detector saying that you lied. So tell the truth now which I'll ask again what do you know of this killing in question?"
Tom exhaled a breath to inhale speaking sounding firm while eyeing Jason "Ask the High Council on that matter. What they say I do their orders including assassination. It was them who ordered me to kill that victim in question which I did it fine enough. I'm a damned assassin and I always will be period."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jason to hear "You sure of what you want to say about this Mindbender?"
He frowned finding the scene changed to show him in the High Council's presence he giving them a glare finding himself restrained by the Falcons again minus his restraint. Tom kept the glare as a projector image filled the room from overhead he hearing a broadcast of a fiery cabin engulfed in fire saying "Stunt performer Tom Thunder has been declared dead in a fire accident. His body found and recovered once the fire went out. His widow admits to using a family friend that had a twin look as him to keep him alive when he's not."
He glared at the High Council once the projection quit finding one Speaker saying "Your life as you know it among the First Ones is over with now."
He kept the glare as Shad was heard again speaking "You sure of your life as it is Mindbender?"
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as he heard "Anyhow transport this servant of ours Mindbender is his name to be properly attired, Ramses."
He found himself transported to an observation room from the looks of it to glare at the ceiling that was entirely black while sensing himself spied on. He glared at the ceiling as if drawn till a compulsion to look away which he obeyed to stomp towards the bed and laid his form down onto it on his side shutting his eyes he feeling himself annoyed with the High Council.

Tom sipped the milk drink slowly while in the barroom again still clad in his familiar servant wear clothes including a mask over his eyes barring them as he recalled the memory of the High Council roping him into serving them again. He held up his cup in a silent salute while glaring at the screens with back to the inhabitants of the barroom he sensing one staring at him he figured was Barry. He ignored Barry and kept on sipping his drink to sense the Builder next to him he looked with a glare. Tom glared as Barry looked away appearing to be staring at the screens as he resumed looking while sipping his milk drink. He kept his mouth shut in response while glaring at the screens showing night sky projection scenes. 
Tom heard from Barry after a lengthy silence "You seem upset about something, Mindbender."
He heard the tone of voice from Barry wasn't a question and seemed firm to him. 
Tom spoke firmly "They never let you go don't they? You think they freed you only to have you continue on serving even if you don't like them anymore."
He quit talking to continue on sipping his drink while hearing silence from Barry to find the Builder was looking at him with a familiar golden eyed glare. 
He spoke still using the firm voice tone "I see you're not the only one who's suffering from this problem."
He ignored Barry to resume sipping his drink and once done walked away finding the Builder gone from the room he assumed had been transported out. Tom went to the bar to place the cup onto the area before walking away going out of the barroom to his familiar room he was given to stay in he recognizing it was his as before. He went to sit down on the bed while eyeing the door to his room with a frown on his face he not inclined to sleep despite pretty sure the Meritanians would be blaring for him to come to the High Council's meeting room via mind scans felt. 
He heard blared "Mindbender, your wanted in the High Council's meeting room so help me out here Barry since I can't transport him to them."
Tom got up and found himself in the High Council's throne room feeling his mood plummet while being in the group's presence. 
He kept the glare aimed at them with accusation in his eyes while hearing from Shad as always "We have a mission for you to do Mindbender."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response to give a Highlander's head bob gesture not trusting his voice to talk for him as he kept the glare aimed at the High Council. 
He heard from Shad "What's gotten you upset Mindbender? You're not talking much to us."
Tom spoke firmly "First Ones have a saying is if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all."
He clamped his mouth shut while glaring at the High Council to hear from Shad again "Interesting saying you servants always invent to get out of explaining anything to us. So talk Mindbender on what you're hiding now! Your voice tone is indicating you upset with a problem enough to avoid the vodka drink you habitually take by the bartender balking on giving you that!"
Tom spoke still using the firm voice tone "I learned the First Ones' point of view towards you enough to believe it hence I sounding upset at the moment. They were really convincing with their point of view towards you in question. I'm upset with what I've learned isn't what I thought as I thought before I joined the First Ones in learning their life."
He again clamped his mouth shut while forming a thin line with his mouth while eyeing the High Council. He saw the High Council go into a discussion after the Speakers bowed their heads he finding the discussion seemed lengthy to him. 
Tom eyed the High Council to find the group quit their discussion followed by hearing from Shad again "You expected us to free you from our clutches as the First Ones' say?"
He spoke sounding firm "I don't know what to expect anymore."
Tom got from Shad again "Anyhow Meritanians order the projection image of one Victoria Montreal to be shown now."
He stiffened from her name spoken to find the Meritanians mostly Ramses blaring "The High Council wants a projection image of Victoria Montreal now."
Tom eyed the projection image to hear from Shad "This is your target. You're to assassinate her using whatever method you can."
He spoke firmly "I refuse to do your order regarding this Victoria Montreal."
Tom heard his voice speaking the familiar words of loyalty sounding in his familiar desperation tone as he narrowed his eyes into a glare aimed at the High Council.
He once again got from Shad "Your to do our orders regardless of you liking them or not. What we order you do it, as a servant of us Mindbender. So transport Mindbender to take out Victoria Montreal now."
He found himself transported to Victoria's apartment in his private room while hearing faint typing sounds. Tom felt rage hitting him as he felt a familiar feeling of filmed to will forwards the Berserker and waved a hand towards the blurry figure in the ceiling to hear a familiar whining squeal as a Listener appeared with form still and asleep. He heard the door to the room bang open followed by a loud gasp sounding of Victoria's voice he eyed her back with mouth in a thin line. Tom didn't say a word as Victoria entered the room going towards him to stand staring at him with a frown on her face while holding up a hand towards his face. 
He sighed to speak "Their claiming that I'm dead in some fiery cabin explosion. They have roped me into serving them again. This time your my target I'm to kill I refused to do it."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria's hand that touched his cheek he pushing the cheek into her hand while again sighing from her touch. Tom sighed again as the scene changed to find them in the High Council's presence he restraining Victoria by turning her around and doing it. 
He kept the glare aimed at the High Council as Shad was heard "Mindbender we gave you a direct order! Kindly explain your disobedience now!"
Tom spoke firmly sensing Victoria surrendering to his hands' holds onto her "What disobedience are you talking about? I refused to do the order of killing Victoria Montreal no matter what threats or talk you tell me."
He glared at the High Council to hear from Shad "Anyhow-"
Tom frowned finding the Speakers bowing their heads abruptly interrupting Shad's talk finding the High Council going into a discussion seemingly lengthy making him annoyed. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as he continued to hold Victoria he sensed was groaning softly he figured to himself "Their mind scanning her." 
He kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing the High Council as Victoria quit her groaning to hear from Shad once the Speakers' heads were up "You, Mindbender will do what we say or Victoria Montreal will suffer your refusal as in being punished any way we wish."
Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line hearing the firmness of Shad's voice tone as he glared at the High Council to again hear "Anyway transport Victoria Montreal back to her home residence and wipe the memory of her visit to us out while your at it Meritanians."
He found himself compelled into letting go of Victoria to see her disappear in a light show with a familiar click sound as he kept the glare aimed at the High Council. 
Tom heard "Talk on what's gotten you upset again."
He heard the comment from Onya to speak firmly "You leave Victoria out of this now."
He glared as Shad was heard "Or you'll what, Mindbender? What will you be doing regarding this situation hmm?"
Tom kept his mouth shut shaking his head in a Highlander's head shake of no gesture while again hearing "Thought so on this Mindbender. You'll do what we say from now on or else. Now say the words of loyalty but this time use a better voice term for it."
He heard the familiar click of the recorders turning on spoke firmly "You have my loyalty, High Council."
He clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line while glaring at the High Council once the recorder was detected clicking itself off. 
Tom glared at the High Council who went into a discussion followed by hearing "Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he can get some rest but it has to be on the base and not elsewhere with his female."
He felt his mood plummet hearing that as he found himself transported to the hallway leading to the barroom and compelled to go into a bedroom he finding from the looks belonged to him. Tom kneeled and gave up roaring sounds of anger repeatedly over and over he feeling his raging mood taking control. He kept up his roaring despite hearing Meritanians' familiar chatter to ignore their talk till a sound of glass breaking was heard followed by a shower of glass all around him. Tom found himself in an observation room with the ceiling gone from there along with quitting the roaring he still feeling his mood bad. He got up and went to the door to find it open showing Barry coming in with his eyes golden and a familiar glare aimed at him. 
Tom spoke ignoring himself filmed "They threatened her with harm if I didn't do anything they said."
He glared at Barry who spoke "I sympathize with you on this. They threatened Jinks if I didn't do anything they said. No need to tell me that that her is Victoria Montreal."
He frowned eyeing Barry feeling his mood quit being bad abruptly as the Builder added "They don't expect servants to be screaming their heads off while in their bedrooms hence they overhearing you screaming. It was assumed something was wrong hence you brought to this room in question."
Tom continued to frown recalling Barry's previous talk involving screaming in bedrooms to speak "I didn't have any way of getting rid of my bad mood, Barry. I wound up screaming due to how mad I was."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Barry who gave up an Hmph sound followed by Builder's chatter to find them in the hallway to the barroom which he followed the male inside. He got handed his familiar milk drink instead of vodka like he asked. 
Tom frowned as the bartender spoke "Sorry I got my orders. I'm not to give you anything alcoholic for awhile."
He didn't say a word in response took his drink after giving up a salute towards the bartender and went to stand in front of the projection screens giving his back to them ignoring them flashing images. He sipped his drink slowly while eyeing the room's inhabitants finding his familiar stool he habitually used was gone from the area. Tom kept his eyes around the room as he sipped the milk drink and once done went to the bar to place the cup onto there. He walked out of the barroom following Barry indicating him to follow which he obeyed. 
Once in the hallway he gave Barry a glare who spoke "Nameless' former quarters and items in it are for you to have whatever you care to do with it. I got my orders by the High Council that his stuff and quarters is yours since you assassinated him."
Tom frowned forming it on his face while eyeing Barry who gave him a glare which he sighed and without a word went to Nameless' familiar quarters going inside. He took a look around grimacing of the creepy feelings hitting him while eyeing the room before walking out in a fast move. Tom met Barry out in the hallway giving him a glare. 
He spoke "Tell the High Council I prefer to have my own quarters than stay in Nameless' quarters. It creeps me out from being in there."
Tom frowned getting Barry's familiar Builder's chatter to find himself walking into Nameless' familiar quarters to go to the bed and lay down he feeling himself annoyed with the Builder for his order. He kept his eyes shut while lying in bed for a seemingly lengthy time period ignoring the wind blowing in the room he figured belonged to the Meritanians transporting him all over the place via bed. Tom kept on sleeping till he felt a compulsion to wake up obeyed lurching up with a start. He looked around the room finding nothing amiss and shrugged his shoulders before resuming a sleeping status before another compulsion woke him up. Tom felt annoyance take hold from the compulsion eyed the ceiling as if drawn to find it had clouds with winds blowing sensed from them. He felt himself confused to why there was a storm in the room as he got up from the bed eyeing them as if drawn. He continued to eye the storm as it flashed lightening followed by feeling it zapping him making him grunt and groan from the pain. Tom grunted as the pain went away followed by the lightening storm blowing over and showing the familiar ceiling overhead making him confused. He gave the ceiling a glare and went back to the bed to resume sleeping a lengthy time period till another compulsion woke him up. Tom woke up growling angrily sounding annoyed with the compulsion to wake up as he eyed the ceiling again to find it storming with storms. 
He gave the ceiling a glare of accusation in his eyes while thinking to himself "Damn Elementals for waking me up."
Tom heard blared within his mind "Its Walls. It's not the Elementals. It's Nameless himself who's floating within that cloud. The High Council aren't that smart trying to get Nameless integrated into you enough to have that being take control when they shouldn't be doing that stunt."
He stiffened from Walls' blaring to hear the Meritanian add "High Council, I'll quit that joke if I were you. I don't think Mindbender is a suitable candidate for Nameless to take control and inhibit. I'm doing what I can to keep Nameless out actually so think of using someone else this time."
Tom got up and without a word left the bedroom finding Barry in the hallway giving him a golden eyed glare.
He spoke firmly "Walls, balked on letting Nameless inhibit me for reasons he didn't tell me."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Barry who spoke Builder's chatter to find himself going into another bedroom he recognized as his own and laying down onto the bed shutting his eyes. Tom passed out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar ringing noise of the High Council's bell ringing sounding in the room he finding himself restrained by the Falcons. He straightened up his form to glare at the High Council finding the Falcons' grips onto his arms become ironclad to his annoyance. 
Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line as he heard "What are you upset about this time, Mindbender?"
He exhaled a breath from hearing Shad's question spoke firmly "Why is Walls telling you off on having Nameless inhibit me?"
He glared at the High Council to find their Speakers bowing their heads followed by the group going into a lengthy discussion seemingly annoying him. 
Tom heard in response "Walls!"
He heard both Speakers saying that line as he felt his mind scanned to hear "You didn't ask me for permission to allow Nameless to inhibit Mindbender. I'm the one who's responsible for Nameless' status at the moment. I decide on who he inhibits not you or Mindbender."
He heard the annoyance in Walls' voice tone to frown while eyeing the High Council to continue to hear "What are you talking about Walls? You're not making any sense at all."
Tom found light shows shown from the High Council to hear loudly "To anyone who cares, they'll find that Walls transported two High Council members to the food supply for asking a stupid question and no I'm not going to transport them back."
He frowned hearing Ramses' familiar blaring to frown while eyeing the High Council to see them go into another discussion making him annoyed again. He felt annoyance take hold as he saw additional light shows from the High Council. 
Tom again heard Ramses' familiar blaring saying "You'll find High Council members dumped into the ocean for asking us stupid questions and no I'm not going to transport them back. Don't ask me that or I'll dump you into a Megadon trap."
He frowned at Ramses' familiar blaring to frown eyeing the High Council to find the group quit their discussion before hearing "Alright transport Mindbender out now!"
Tom found himself transported to Victoria's apartment in his room he finding her typing on the laptop while on the couch she doing a double take look and getting up in a fast move while gasping loudly. He sighed softly from seeing Victoria giving him her familiar eyed look with her eyes including recognition in them. Tom eyed Victoria in response to find her jumping onto him which he gripped her seat area with both hands holding her in place. He didn't protest as Victoria kissed him on the lips he kissing her back in response. Tom found themselves filmed while kissing Victoria to find her ignoring the camera filming to continue on kissing him. He hugged Victoria's body close towards him as he could while going to the couch to sit down back onto it and let her straddle him. He sighed while leaning back eyeing Victoria finding she kept up the kissing him. He kissed her back finding he wanting to do it despite feeling the filming kept up to his annoyance. 
Tom spoke during breaks of kissing "I missed you."
He sighed as she kissed him in response while hearing her add once during a break of kissing "I missed you too, Tom."
He kept up the kissing she kissing him back in response seemingly lengthy despite them being filmed he ignored the filming to find her ignoring it in response. Tom felt regret when he found himself compelled to quit the kissing while looking away from her. He sighed softly to frown while resuming looking at Victoria who hugged him in response while holding his form pressed onto the couch. He sighed from Victoria's hug she felt good on his body as he leaned back onto the couch. He heard her sighing in response till he felt compelled to remove her off of him making him annoyed to do that. Tom gave up a growl feeling the compulsion getting strong within him. 
He found Victoria getting off his lap she groaning loudly "The Meritanians are blaring for me to get off you. Sorry Tom."
Tom didn't say a word in response got up and found himself in the High Council's presence they appearing to be watching a recording of himself and Victoria from above attached to the ceiling. He gave the High Council a glare in response while hearing his words and Victoria's words echoed in the recording. 
Tom heard "Why so upset this time hmm?"
He heard the sarcasm of Shad's voice tone spoke firmly "Upset? Not when you're spying onto a private moment between me and Victoria."
Tom heard from both Speakers in response "Don't be upset with us now!"
He stiffened from their voice tone that sounded of desperation to him. Tom kept his mouth shut in response mouth in a thin line. 
He eyed the High Council to hear "It's Kiddy. I figured out how to remove the current High Council. Its involving you screaming while in a Screamer form so do that while I transport the Speakers out."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to scream loudly only to feel himself yanked out of the room and thrust through a travel gate glimpsed into a bedroom he finding was Victoria's while coming out of the bathroom slamming the door. He got up from the floor and eyed the ceiling where there was a Listener and waved a hand mentally ordering the manoid asleep. He heard the familiar squeal of the Listener appearing with form still indicating a sleeping status. Tom walked to the bedroom's door to put a hand on it finding it was locked from outside which he used his mental ability to unlock the door. He walked out to see Jinks in the living room giving him a glare. 
Tom glared at Jinks who spoke "So it explains why you were in your bedroom slow to come out."
He shifted to eye Victoria standing nearby Jinks who gave up an Hmph sound in response before going towards him. Tom didn't say a word as Victoria reached him to kiss him on the lips he kissing back in response after wiling aside the Berserker. He grunted when he felt them both in another area instead of Victoria's apartment to find himself restrained by the Falcons breaking off the kiss. 
Tom glared at the High Council to hear "Well what should we do towards your Victoria after you tried to take us out? Anubis and Falcons had to throw you through the travel gate and out off our base to someplace for you to scream by yourself. What do you recommended the punishment Mindbender?"
He kept his mouth shut in a glare at the High Council to hear from Victoria "Tom."
He heard the pleading in her voice tone eyed her seeing she had pleading in her eyes. He sighed softly from the look in her eyes.
He spoke firmly "What do you expect me to do towards her? I refused to harm Victoria or do anything bad towards her."
He glared at the High Council feeling the Falcons' grips onto his arms become more ironclad. 
Tom heard in response "A certain plants named Walls and Kiddy told Mindbender to scream after they claimed that they could transport the Speakers out."
He frowned hearing Ramses' words as he kept the glare aimed at the High Council to see them going into a discussion seemingly lengthy. He felt himself still restrained by the Falcons while glaring at the High Council.
Tom heard from Shad "Anyhow transport Victoria to the whipping room-"
Tom interrupted "You leave her out of this now!"
He glared at the High Council with rage running through him.
He got from their Speakers "Either that or what do you recommended?"
He spoke firmly "Have me whipped in punishment but keep Victoria out of this now!"
Tom glared at the High Council feeling his mood plummet. He heard awks from the Falcons ignored their chatter to see Anubis standing on the steps facing both Speakers blocking him with weapons in front of them while heard growling loudly. Tom glared seeing Victoria was still in the room with him he noticing her there. He kept his mouth shut in response while glancing from Victoria and Anubis back and forth. Tom sensed something going on with Anubis translating the Falcons' talk he glared at the warrior. He found Anubis going back to the Falcons to find them releasing their holds onto his arms. He went to Victoria to put a hand onto her shoulder finding her looking at him and then resumed looking at the High Council.
Tom heard groaning sounds from Victoria she having a grimace on her face.
He wound up snarling loudly "Quit mind scanning her. It's paining her from you doing it."
He glared at the High Council finding the Speakers raising their heads followed by Shad speaking "What do you plan to do about that hmm?"
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as he felt compelled to release Victoria's shoulder obeyed to find her disappearing in a light show. 
He glared at the High Council to hear "Will that status away now Mindbender!"
Tom found himself having Sinister in control unexpectedly. He obeyed to stiffen hearing the desperation in the Speakers' voice tones making him annoyed. 
Tom kept the glare as he heard "Anyhow is Victoria in the whipping room?"
He gave up a roar in response as he felt the Falcons' grips back onto his arms along with Anubis's hand gloved covering his mouth. Tom narrowed his eyes boring it at the High Council with accusation. 
He got from both Speakers "Will that status away Mindbender!"
He felt again Sinister in control willed himself to calm despite feeling in a foul mood. Tom kept the glare to again get the Speakers' familiar wording sounding in their familiar desperate voice tone. He shut his eyes in response despite itching to keep them open. Tom ignored the High Council's Speakers' voices ordering him to open his eyes. He shook his head in a Highlander's no gesture making himself firm. Tom felt the Falcons' released their holds on him as he began coughing loudly. He found his arms restrained by a familiar restraint of cloth along with feeling something sticking into his back. Tom felt a hand patting him on the cheek as he felt himself sitting in a chair that felt like a wheelchair to him.
Tom heard "Will that status away now Assassin."
He frowned to feel Sinister in control as he blinked his eyes to find the hand's owner was Breaker who straightened up his form to look off his side to find Jason there. 
Jason he eyed gave him a glare and spoke "You were heard whining in your cell some 'Help me' comment over and over. So tell me why I should help you assassin?"
He recalled Victoria as if compelled spoke "Victoria Montreal my wife needs me in my life."
He frowned as Jason folded his arms and spoke "You sure of that?"
Tom frowned hearing Jason's voice tone had sarcasm spoke "What's going on?"
He frowned while eyeing Jason who spoke after giving off a small laugh sound "Typical assassin's response. You're desperate for freedom that you'll say anything for it."
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Jason "I want to be in Victoria Montreal's life as her husband. She has accepted me as a man with feelings despite-"
He was interrupted by Breaker clamping a hand over his mouth cutting off his talk as Jason spoke "Typical assassin's talk. He's obviously did what Mister Montreal said about his daughter. Brain washed her into believing into him with his mental abilities and hypnotic voice tone he's using explains it."
Tom stiffened from Jason's words as he felt Breaker's hand off his mouth which he spoke firmly "I didn't brain wash Victoria. I love her she loves me in re-"
He was again interrupted by Breaker clamping a hand over his mouth cutting him off. 
Jason he eyed at with pleading gave him a glare and got from the male "Typical denial spoken by an assassin who believes what he wants to believe. He doesn't appear to believe the truth even if it's the truth spoken to him. Anyhow see that this assassin is returned to his cell and make sure his voice ability is cut off. I don't want to hear him speaking again while he's contained."
Tom heard Breaker speaking Builder's chatter to blink his eyes finding himself back into his cell standing in the room while still restrained as usual. He opened his mouth and discovered no sound would come out as he looked around the cell finding it was entirely white with a mattress on a bed stand of metal. He looked around discovering smoke blowing into the cell from the walls but remained blowing and not appearing to fog the cell. Tom felt himself sad abruptly walked to the bed and sat down feeling himself not filmed from the senses not blaring to him. His eyes watered of tears as he mouthed Victoria's name over and over. Tom eyed the ceiling as if needing to do it to see it was entirely black colored while still crying tears spilling from his eyes. He eyed the ceiling as if drawn to find his compulsion to stare go away. 
He looked down figuring to himself "Their watching me from above. Hence there no recorders detected within the room."
Tom continued to look up at the ceiling from time to time. He felt the tears kept on flowing from his eyes. He laid his form down onto the bed sideways from feeling like needing to do it. Tom kept his form still while lying in bed to recall how he managed to get out of the restraint he was wearing from doing a stunt in a movie. He found the objects sticking into his back was another form of restraint giving him charges of electrical jolts of pain each time he tried to free himself. Tom felt himself sleepy abruptly shut his eyes to come to finding himself restrained by the Falcons while clad in High Council's servant wear clothes. 
He found himself in the High Council's presence both Speakers speaking "Will away that status now!"
Tom spoke "This is nothing but a dream isn't it?"
He got his words ignored by the Speakers who repeated their words as he found himself still lying in bed still restrained. 
Tom sensed Sinister in control willed the mental ability aside to mentally speak "Restraints off."
He found the restraints restraining him fall off his form as he sat up from the bed. Tom heard a faint alarm sound quickly willed forwards the Berserker side in control. He gave off one of the Banshee's famous screams to find the ceiling falling into pieces with male figures falling with it. Tom mentally spoke the down command towards each guard he figured was the males lying onto the floor. He went to the door to the cell and used his mental ability to get the door open along with walking out. Tom found himself in an elevator which he recalled using physical strength to get out of the elevator via jumping up and busting open the top part to get into the passageway. He proceeded to do that after willing aside his Berserker ability and got into the elevator's passageway to use his physical strength to climb the cables. He climbed till he reached a door to jump to it and used his physical strength to open the door while willing forwards the Berserker side to dart into a hallway. He saw the hallway only had round overhead lights and had doors in the walls he hearing screaming sounds coming from them faintly. Tom ignored the screaming to continue to slowly edging himself further into the hallway only to hear the screaming get louder and louder till the noise vibrated within him. He felt himself confused to the screaming only to stiffen from shock hearing the voice sounded of his voice to him making him halt from walking to look around seeing familiar whiteness again. He felt the screaming cut off as he found himself still restrained while back into his cell to his shock. Tom shook his head of annoyance to sense himself filmed abruptly to look up finding a camera dome in the ceiling and nothing else around on there. He gave the camera dome a glare while sensing Sinister still in control. Sinister he sensed balked on being willed aside to his annoyance. Tom found his efforts to free his Berserker side blocked repeatedly by feeling electrical jolts of pain hitting him each time he tried to will the ability forwards. He heard the screaming sound again realized it was him screaming cut off the noises. Tom got up from the bed to go to the door to the cell he found himself ramming it crazily on his side while chanting words.
He heard himself speaking "Let me out! I got a life to live! Free me!"
Tom heard nothing in answer to his chanting as he cut himself off as if feeling like being silent. He quit the banging against the door to go back to bed sitting on it while forcing himself to sit quietly. 
Tom heard himself speak "Help me brother. Help me now. I beg you to help me."
He stiffened from his words including the wording use of brother to hear a throat clearing noise loudly off his right. Tom looked to find Jinks with an all black eyed look while wearing odd black clothing on his form that reminded him of Lance's clothing but seemed different colored. 
He gulped while eyeing Jinks gave him a glare as he found himself speaking "Brother-"
Tom was interrupted "Don't brother me, Shad."
He frowned from the word Shad as he eyed Jinks he assumed was someone else and not the male himself. 
Tom eyed Jinks who added "Admit it. Shad, that you brought this situation onto yourself. Once an assassin is always an assassin like you said it yourself."
He gulped hearing Jinks' voice sounded firmly in a cruel voice tone spoke "What do you expect brother Anyan? I'm an assassin and I always will be an assassin. There's nothing I can do to stop this destiny-"
He was interrupted "Destiny? Oh yes you can stop this assassin destiny Shad. Just admit it why you're here contained in this dungeon."
He frowned finding the scene of the white cell changed into a stone cell with black walls while feeling himself chained instead of wearing his familiar restraints. Tom eyed Anyan he figured was who Jinks was who gave him a glare. 
He spoke as if needing to do it "I saved a life something assassins frown on doing it."
Tom frowned eyeing Anyan who spoke "Then whose life did you save hmm?"
He recalled drawn to a female with Thura's face seen accompanied Jinks while out greeting the crowd some people giving them flowers and shaking their hands. Tom recalled the life saving he did involved eyeing a male Human as if drawn to see the man pull out a handgun like weapon and made a beeline towards Katherine after vaulting over the barricade. He recalled no one appeared to notice the male heading towards Katherine including her husband Jinks who was busy in conversation with a group of females. Tom recalled what happened next was he willed forwards the Berserker side in control ignoring people all around him and focused onto the handgun's male who came towards Katherine from behind to give the death order towards the male. He saw the male collapsed onto the ground with form still. He eyed the male to see people walking over him ignoring him lying onto the ground to look away as if drawn to find Jinks looking in his direction with narrowed eyes before looking away towards Katherine to take her hand and kiss it in some gesture aimed in his direction. 
Tom blinked his eyes of the memory to discover himself still contained in his white cell to hear himself screaming "Katherine Montreal! I saved her life!"
He found himself repeating his words over and over till he blinked his eyes from the glare of a light blaring into his eyes along with a hand clamping over his mouth as he found himself forced to sit into a chair. He found the hand's owner was Breaker wearing odd Lance's clothing but this time was metallic and of armor to him. 
Tom frowned finding Anyan in view giving him an all black eyed glare which he got from the male speaking "You care to give one good reason why I your King should give you mercy?"
He found fake Breaker's hand off his mouth to speak "Her name was Katherine. I saved her life from being targeted by an assassin."
Tom got Anyan giving him a glare followed by speaking "Is there any particular reason why you saved this Katherine's life Shad? Your voice tone is hiding something involving her."
He spoke firmly "I had a female I valued strongly that I outlived. I saw her face in Katherine's face and saved her life. I didn't want her to die onto me again. Her husband appeared to be aware of this life saving I pulled but isn't acknowledging it at the moment."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Anyan who reached out a hand touching his shoulder in a gentle grip while speaking "What else aren't you not admitting Shad?"
He exhaled a breath to recall thinking to himself after saving Katherine's life was "I want your daughter as my mate and my equal to accept me for who I am. An acceptance from a female is what I'm seeking the most more than serving the High Council as their servant. I'll do anything to have a female accept me as her equal and her mate including accepting my Berserker side."
He spoke the words out in a firm voice tone while eyeing Anyan in the eyes and saw the male grimace while feeling him remove his hand.
Tom again spoke firmly "The High Council may have given me acceptance as an assassin but its acceptance from a female seeing me as a male with feelings is what I'm seeking. I'm willing to do anything for acceptance from a female to love me and my Berserker side more than the acceptance of being an assassin for the High Council."
He clamped his  mouth shut while eyeing Anyan who in response forced his eyes shut he come to finding himself still in his restraints while lying sideways on the familiar bed he again hearing screaming sounds. Tom cut the noises he hearing was himself screaming only to find his talking ability back by giving off a loud throat clearing noises and hearing himself speaking an ahem sound. 
He recalled his dream with Anyan sat up and screamed the words "I'll do anything for acceptance from a female to love me for who I am including accepting my Berserker side! I don't give a damn involving the High Council accepting me as an assassin! I would rather have a female's acceptance more than anything than have acceptance as an assassin!"
Tom cut himself off to clear his throat then again resumed repeating his words before yelling "I saw Katherine Kensington Montreal in danger of being harmed by an assassin targeting her with a handgun! I put the assassin down in some deadly assassin method! Her husband back then was Jinks Montreal acknowledged that life saving by the gesture he gave towards me! I wanted his daughter to be my equal and my mate as my reward! I was thinking that! Katherine from the looks of her had a facial appearance of my Thura a female I outlived that died in front of me! I swore I wouldn't let a female paired to me die in my presence again! I don't give a damn for I want a female's acceptance! I'll do anything for this!"
Tom again felt his mouth covered by a hand he felt was Breaker's from the feel to find the male in the room wearing an oxygen mask he keeping his mouth shut in a thin line. He eyed Breaker warily who removed his hand and grabbed his arm lifting him from the bed to stand and heard muffled talk from the Builder hybrid to find themselves out of the room. He found himself underneath a spotlight forced to sit down in a chair followed by Breaker removing the oxygen mask and stepping out of the light's view he looking around to find Jason walking into view giving him a glare of accusation in the male's eyes aimed at him. Tom gulped from Jason's glare who held up a hand giving off a snapping sound from it to hear his own screaming words spoken via recorder followed by cut off by the male giving off a clapping noise. He again gulped as Jason folded his arms and kept the glare aimed at him with accusation still in his eyes. 
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Jason in the eyes "Every word I said on that recording is the truth. I'll do anything for a female-"
He cut himself off as Jason stepped aside in response looking away from him appearing to be looking at someone in the darkness. 
Tom frowned as Jason jabbed a finger aimed in a direction while hearing "Only you can say if he's lying or telling the truth now."
He eyed the direction Jason was pointing to find Jinks walking into view with an all black eyed glare making him gulp of nervousness seeing the male's eyes narrow seeing him. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as he eyed Jinks with pleading in his eyes and face to get from the male speaking "Can he back up his words with proof of evidence? I can detect truth from lies but I need solid evidence to back up what he says first. I refused to say what he said is a truth or a lie without that evidence present."
He frowned feeling himself confused to hear Jinks' words as he shifted to eye Jason who turned to give him a glare of accusation in his eyes followed by the male speaking "Talk on who you are actually."
He heard the sarcasm in Jason's voice tone recalled the Brain Wave assassin as dubbed by the Humans regarding him killing victims via mind organ found shattered within their bodies. 
Tom spoke firmly eyeing Jinks in the eyes as if needing to do it "I'm Brain Wave the assassin."
He clamped his mouth shut seeing no reaction from Jinks but the male looking at Jason in response he eyed to hear "He's telling the truth on what he said regarding being Brain Wave the assassin."
He frowned hearing Jinks' voice sounding firm as he kept his eyes onto Jason who formed a glare before the male spoke "Aw get this piece of garbage out of the Zesky Asylum now! I don't want to see him back here unless it's for a medical issue period!"
Tom frowned hearing Jason's voice tone sounding firm to hear Builder chatter talk from Breaker to feel the restraints off his form while hearing a faint banging sound along with a fire crackling sound sounding loud. Tom felt a blanket on top of his form yanked it off to see a fire eating away on a wooden wall all over the place while feeling one of his arms in a sling. He got up in a fast move and threw himself out the window smashing through the glass to fell onto the snowy ground. Tom felt hands grabbing him in a strong method and forced him away from the fire engulfing the cabin he glimpsed to hear sirens of medical personal blaring loudly. Tom ignored the pain hitting him to concentrate onto the hands' owner strongly pulling him away from the fire he finding belonged to Jinks who looked concerned by the expression on his face. He didn't say a word as Jinks got him into an ambulance with medical personal checking him over and left him inside the vehicle as it drove off. Tom coughed abruptly as he felt an oxygen mask placed over his mouth and nose followed by feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling himself clad in a hospital gown on his form with a blanket up to his chest. He felt a hand gripping his right hand while feeling himself wearing an oxygen mask and no arm in a sling or anything involving an arm injury. He felt himself sitting leaning back in position as the hand was felt squeezing his hand in a gentle grip but remained holding its grip gently. Tom shook his head of the sleepiness while groaning loudly as he felt a hand touching his forehead followed by feeling himself more inclined to sleep obeyed and passed out unconscious again.

Tom came to feeling a rumbling vibration of a cat sitting on his front. He again shook his head of sleep to feel the cat was a kitten rumbling away while sitting on his chest. He felt the oxygen mask off his face shook his head shaking the effects of sleep from him. Tom rubbed a hand on his face on his scarred cheek while again shaking sleep from him as he felt the kitten stand up to walk up his chest and lick his face with its rough tongue. Tom jerked open his eyes to stare at the kitten he saw was all white colored with blue eyes and shifted into a bird that flew towards the window he spotted King Winter standing in front of it. Tom eyed King Winter who got the bird to land onto his shoulder before opening the window and flying out to spot a globe of ice and snow flying away. Tom forced himself to get up from bed despite feeling a weakness feeling hitting his legs. He went to the window to shut it only to sense light flashing from down below to look spotting various presses gathered outside some heard cheering loudly while he saw their recorders were aimed at him. 
Tom sighed seeing some had signs with his name on it held in hands with comments he saw "Tom loves Victoria forever! Tom and Victoria together forever!"
He sighed and waved a hand towards the crowd seeing them cheer before shutting the window due to feeling cold. Tom heard a throat clearing noise from behind him turned to spot a nurse in the room that spoke an Hmph sound.
He spoke "I should be in bed resting right?"
He got the nurse grimacing in response which he added "Sorry about my voice."
Tom got from the nurse in response "Your voice is fine but your right you should be in bed resting. Your doctor insists on the bed rest period."
Tom sighed and without a word went to the bed to lay down and pulled the blanket up to his chest while eyeing the nurse in response who appeared to be checking his vitals by arm scanner seen waving over him while eyeing a computer monitor. 
Tom frowned as the nurse cleared her throat and got from her "Go to sleep now. Your skin is displaying this blue lined look indicating it needs rest."
He sighed to eye his arm finding his skin was what the nurse said obeyed to shut his eyes thinking to himself "Could someone explain what's going on with me and those dreams of mine?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question as he passed out unconscious.

Tom heard voices chattering came to hearing the voices clearly "Your in denial Jinks. Admit it now."
He recognized the voice as Barry's to frown hearing Jinks' voice speaking "In denial about what Barry?"
Tom frowned hearing Jinks' voice using the Master in control to hear "Don't deny Tom to yourself and your daughter Victoria. You know that when you deny Tom, the High Council will ensnare him into their grips again-"
He heard Barry get interrupted "Let the damned High Council have Tom. I don't give a damn about him anymore."
Tom stiffened of shock hearing Jinks' words as Barry spoke "You know what the High Council will do towards Tom. Break him down again to become an assassin. That's all the acceptance he'll get from them. Being an assassin servant of them is the only acceptance he'll get and only duty he'll do. He won't know anything else than that-"
He heard Barry get interrupted "Then that's all he'll be is an assassin period. I refused to have him have anything to do with my daughter or with myself as well. I don't want to talk about the subject again Barry."
Tom felt himself sad abruptly hearing Jinks' words and voice sounding firm to hear nothing from Barry but a familiar Builder chatter noise to feel a hand fisting him on the face repeatedly. He found himself restrained again while in a chair as the fists he felt was trying to wake him up from a sleeping status. Tom shook the sleeping status from himself as he felt the fists belonging to Breaker quit fisting him to jerk open his eyes to find Jason in vicinity glaring at him before turning to jab a finger in a direction and speaking his familiar words involving him telling the truth. Tom frowned finding Jinks coming into view underneath the spotlight while displaying the Master eyed look. 
He recalled Jinks' words to Barry stiffened as Jinks spoke "He's lying on what he's saying Jason. He's an assassin. He'll say anything to get out of containment."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing Jinks' firm voice tone to find the male avoided looking at him instead was staring at Jason. 
He stiffened as he saw a light flash followed by hearing "Liar! This guy is lying on what he's saying regarding Tom! He told the truth on what he wanted from a female who happens to be this guy's own daughter he doesn't approve of them paired together!"
Tom stiffened hearing Rin's familiar voice tone to find his son walking into view while having the Master in control to eye Jason in response "Get this excuse of an assassin garbage back into his cell now! I want him out of sight to settle this argument now!"
He heard Breaker's familiar chatter to find himself back into his cell feeling himself filmed from the camera dome above. Tom went to sit down on the bed and eyed the room's walls feeling himself annoyed. 
He felt a compulsion to lie down obeyed to shut his eyes only to hear voices speaking he hearing "I refused to have this assassin paired to my daughter despite his insisting on it. Once an assassin is always an assassin period."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing Jinks' voice as he heard "It's not the pairing your refusing Mister Montreal. It's the High Council you're spiting by refusing this pairing. Don't deny it that you're angry at the High Council for something painful happening to you. You're just spiting Tom from him being a former servant of the High Council by refusing this pairing."
He stiffened from Rin's familiar voice to hear "My word is law regarding my daughter. If I say she shouldn't be paired towards Tom I insists on this period. I don't give a damn if the High Council ropes Tom into serving them again. He's an assassin and that's all he knows and that's all he'll ever be."
Tom stiffened further to hear loudly "Then why are you using my Father's name of Tom instead of referring via insulting terms Jason keeps on using to refer him?"
He exhaled a breath hearing Rin's voice to hear from Jinks "You little bastard!"
Tom frowned hearing vulgarity words spoken from Jinks along with insults aimed at Rin involving putting him down permanently in some assassin move. 
He gave up a roar in response and spoke "Not my son! Don't you dare assassinate my son!" 
He struggled to fight the efforts of sleepiness hitting him only to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a sound blaring that seemed familiar reminding him of an alarm clock. He felt lips kissing him on the lips he felt belonged to Victoria's from the feel to kiss her back in response. Tom sighed from Victoria breaking off the kiss to open his eyes eyeing her in response to see her give him one of her cute smiles he loved to received from her. He sighed softly finding them both back into Victoria's apartment in their bedroom as the sunlight shined through the blinds of a window. He eyed Victoria to see her kiss him on the lips forcing his eyes shut to stiffen recalling it was a memory and found himself lying on a lumpy mattress while clad in nothing on his form. Tom opened his eyes to find Rin seated next to him on the bed anger sensed from his son with night vision blaring in his eyesight. 
Tom felt his mood plummet seeing himself in the Freeloaders' nesting home to speak breaking the silence "He denied me didn't he? Hence I here with you?"
Tom eyed Rin in response who didn't say a word instead got up and began pacing back and forth. He sat up to find Turbo seated back against the wall in the cave who appeared to be watching Rin pace back and forth in response. He exhaled a breath to rub a hand over his scarred cheek feeling his mood plummet further recalling of Jinks' words he overheard refusing to accept him paired to Victoria. Tom shut his eyes while baring his teeth as he rubbed the scarred cheek before putting the hand into a fist and gave up a soft growling noise. He sensed himself stared at ignored the staring to continue to rub his cheek feeling his mood turn to anger in response to Jinks' rejection hitting him. Tom kept on rubbing his cheek till he felt himself falling backwards to land onto metal with a grunt sound. He opened his eyes as he found the Falcons' hands grabbing his arms and lifting him up with strong strength to face the High Council. 
Tom found Shad speaking "What did we say about shutting your eyes in our presence hmm?"
He exhaled a breath to find himself clad in the High Council's servant wear clothes complete with the mask on his face. 
He spoke firmly "It's not needed and totally inappropriate." 
Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the High Council to find Shad speaking "Anyhow Ramses transport Mindbender to the whipping room now!"
He found himself in the whipping room facing Victoria by the clothes wearing chain manacles with arms above her while feeling his senses blaring warning despite she wearing a mask covering her head entirely. 
Tom eyed Victoria as he heard triggering the Berserker side in control "The High Council insists you give the order for the whipping to be done. They want you to say the order in an acceptable voice tone or your female will receive a lot more than just hitting on the back via whip."
He willed aside the Berserker to open his mouth and clamped it shut feeling his knees weak while eyeing Victoria. Tom kneeled ignoring the Berserker in control including the familiar Highlander's voice blaring in his mind. He felt tears spilling from his eyes wrapped arms around his form and bent his front down towards the ground while wailing out loud sounds. Tom ignored himself having the Berserker in control as he kept on wailing crying sounds with eyes felt having water dripping. He curled into a ball and continued to wail weeping while putting hands covering his eyes. He felt the ground become metal to feel the Berserker willed aside as he felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands to find himself forced into a standing position to find Victoria in view looking at him with a frown. Tom eyed her with pleading in his eyes as Anubis covered his mouth. 
He eyed Victoria to hear "Falcons restrain Victoria now!"
He felt the Falcons' let go of him to restrain Victoria as he eyed the High Council feeling his knees still weak. 
Tom forced himself to stand as he heard "You Mindbender will do what we say to you."
He heard his voice spoken using the words of loyalty towards the High Council as he eyed the group to hear "Mindbender, we insists that you hit Victoria on the face with your fists now!"
Tom found the Falcons managed to twist Victoria and themselves till they were sideways from the High Council. He edged himself towards Victoria finding she giving him an all black eyed glare in response which he continued to hear Shad egging him on to fist her. 
Tom eyed Victoria in the eyes and faced the High Council to interrupt Shad's egging "I refuse to hit Victoria."
He heard his voice spoken the words of loyalty via recorder to interrupt before Shad could speak "No! I refused to harm Victoria with my fists! I don't give a damn if I spoken the words of loyalty! I'm not hitting Victoria period!"
He glared at the High Council feeling his mood plummet to get from Shad "Transport Mindbender and Victoria to an observation room now!"
Tom found himself transported to the observation room with Victoria in sight. 
He eyed her who marched up towards him to slap him on the cheek while speaking she using the Master in control "You're pathetic Tom!"
Tom spoke grabbing her slapping hand "Stop it now Victoria! I love you and I know you love me back in response!"
He got from Victoria as he released her hand "You're pathetic like I said!"
Tom willed forwards the Berserker as if compelled to mentally mind scan Victoria's mind to get her speaking the shield command he glimpsing that she was a Highlander female wearing a mask in disguise as Victoria before kicked out. He felt rage hitting him quit the mind scanning to look away while folding his arms and refused to acknowledge the female insulting him over and over. Tom kept his hands to himself as the female kept up her insults before punching his sensitive part with her fists he refused to acknowledge the pain from it. He kept on ignoring the female who quit her fisting to notice her looking up at the ceiling and jabbing a finger aimed at him. 
Tom got blared in his mind "The High Council wanted you to assassinate that female to show that you're not obsessed with Victoria. You're proving to have an obsession with Victoria by refusing to do any harm towards this female posing as her."
He heard the female voice of a Highlander blared in his mind walked away from the female posing as Victoria and went to the room's door to stand facing it despite it refusing to open. 
He kept his eyes focused onto the door seemingly lengthy as he heard from the female Highlander again "Don't tempt the High Council to put you down on a permanent basis once it's obvious you have an obsession you can't drop."
Tom turned around to face the female and willed aside the Berserker to walk up to her she standing her ground. 
He formed a sneer on his face and spoke firmly "I don't harm females regardless of who they are-"
He was interrupted by the Berserker side thrust forwards "You're proving to have an obsession towards this Victoria with your words, Mindbender."
Tom felt rage hitting him while eyeing the female willed aside the Berserker and unfolded his arms fisting his hands. He recalled himself hurting Victoria via rape methods done onto her. Tom recalled doing that mating to Thura. He recalled the High Council threw him into a previous test to see if he had an obsession towards Thura as in forcing him to target a female Highlander posing as her in a hurtful way. 
Tom looked up towards the observation room's ceiling and spoke loudly "Yes I have an obsession towards Victoria. I refused to do anything hurtful towards her so quit this ridiculous test you're throwing me into now!"
He gave the ceiling a glare in response to see a window open followed by a gun weapon peeking out he stiffened seeing it appearing to aim itself towards the female.
Tom got the Berserker back into control "They'll kill your Victoria if you don't assassinate her."
He glared at the female in response to eye the gun weapon and the female back and forth. Tom in a quick move grabbed the female and thrust her behind him while blocking the aiming of the gun aimed at her. 
He again got the female Highlander blaring in his mind "You won't leave this room till your Victoria is assassinated period."
Tom ignored the voice to mentally wave a hand towards the gun weapon to hear a click sound coming from it he figured he jammed it. Tom heard a gunshot sound from behind to feel the female fell into him. He spun around and grabbed the female holding her in his arms while sensing her life going away. Tom recalled the High Council's trick involving Thura kneeled while holding the female and put his face onto her chest while forcing himself to weep tears. He cried till he felt his arms grabbed to find the Falcons' were the hands' owners that pulled him away from the female and out of the room in a fast move despite he blaring a no comment. Tom blinked his eyes from the blurriness seen till he found himself in the High Council's throne room to spot Victoria alive standing there restrained by Anubis who frowned while looking at him before resumed looking at the High Council. Tom felt his senses blaring warning again he assumed the Victoria in the room was another female posing as her from the familiarity of the trick done onto him using a fake Thura. 
He spoke loudly finding the Speakers had heads bowed "Cut the trick your doing to me involving Victoria. You're doing the twin thing you did towards me towards my feelings to Thura a female I had before Victoria that I outlived."
He glared at the High Council to find Anubis disappearing from sight with Victoria before resuming back into sight without the female and felt the male's hand clamped over his mouth again. Tom glared at the High Council feeling Sinister itching to take control allowed the mental ability through to find both Speakers speaking their familiar line again. Tom willed aside Sinister as if feeling like doing it while glaring at the High Council with accusation within him. 
He kept the glare as Shad was heard "Anyhow Mindbender, we're relieving you of serving us."
Tom felt no emotion from Shad's words as the Speaker continued talking "Ramses transport Mindbender off Shadan now!"
He felt the Falcons' released their holds onto his arms to find the scene changed to find himself falling in the sunlight sky towards trees down below that appeared to be of a glowing green color. Tom frowned as he felt something catch him via the ankle he finding the hand's owner was King Winter while standing on a cliff who with great strength swung him to land next to the Cold Lord. Tom landed with a grunt sound to adjust his position while facing King Winter to find himself flying up towards the Cold Lord to land his neck into the male's hand.
Tom heard loudly blaring in his mind "I forbade you to speak the word of Moorra towards the natives of Uzan."
He stiffened hearing King Winter's words as the Cold Lord kept blasting "I know what your doing here. I know what King Winter on Shadan knows. What one King Winter knows we all know. Don't mention this fact to anyone period. I'll work on getting you back to Shadan but you must do what I say. It's the only way of getting you off Uzan and back to Shadan and back to this Victoria you value so do what I say now."
Tom gave a head bob in response only to feel King Winter's hand off his neck followed by thrust off the cliff. He felt himself falling onto the glowing trees from below to use acrobatic training to land onto a tree branch swinging himself around it before adjusting his form to stand on it. Tom heard a loud scream sound from below the tree sounding of a Banshee's warning cry noise to him. He shook his head of the screaming that was putting him to sleep felt himself slipping off the tree branch towards the ground to land onto it while passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a hand patting his cheek while restrained in chains from a sitting position. 
He jerked open his eyes to find a Freeloader male was the hand's owner that spoke "Moorra."
Tom kept his mouth shut recalling King Winter's warning as the Freeloader removed his hand while repeating the Moorra word over and over. He ignored the Freeloader to stare at the male finding his mask was still sticking to his face but this time felt like it had joined to his skin like a part of his face from the feel of it. Tom ignored the Freeloader who formed a disgusted expression before straightening up his form and doing a bow in a direction. He found the male was bowing towards a female Freeloader with a glare on her face arms folded making his senses blare warning again seeing her. He figured to himself that she was the Queen as he eyed her warily. Tom kept his mouth shut as the male Freeloader and the Queen appear to get into a mental chatter talk by their cocking heads he feeling like it was going to be lengthy a trick to get him to speak.
He kept his mouth shut as a light flashed showing a male with Lance Richard's face that jabbed a finger at the door loudly speaking "Out! Now! Peter claims that King Winter told this stranger not to speak various words to you Keos! I refused to say what word it is! Let me handle this stranger now!"
Tom frowned finding the Queen giving off a Freeloader sound of disgust that reminded him of a female he confused to the reminder as the Freeloaders left the cell slamming the door he grimaced from the bang sound. 
He shifted to eye Lance's twin that spoke "I'm called Jacin. So talk on who are you. Why were you found in a tree scaring people?"
Tom heard blaring in his mind unexpectedly "Actually Jacin I know who this stranger is. He's the forbidden one back from Shadan. The High Council must have a purpose for dumping him onto Uzan."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing a Meritanian's blaring in his mind he figured belonged to Peter to get from Jacin speaking "Peter your not broadcasting that to someone else are you other than me?"
He kept his mouth shut in response to eye Jacin to hear from Peter "Who else but you and Alesia in question? She asked to hear me blaring to you anyway."
Tom stiffened from hearing the name of Alesia to hear from Jacin giving off a loud Hmph sound followed by the male going to the door of the cell to get the doors open by a hand wave he figured had Master abilities in control. Tom frowned finding the Queen walking into the cell with her familiar guards giving Jacin a narrowed eyed glare in response. 
He heard from Jacin who spoke "It's a no wonder the stinking get up on his face looks ridiculously like it's glued onto there. Yuck."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Jacin's words to realize with a start that the mask was felt glued onto his face along with an additional cloth felt on his cheeks covering the areas including his scarred cheek. He sensed from the feel of his cheeks were belonging to High Council's servant wear clothes and felt confused to why they would glue it onto his face. Tom kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing the Queen who looked at him triggering his Berserker side in control.
Tom heard blared in his mind "My name is Alesia but I'm not the Alesia that was exiled to Shadan. I'm actually a descendant of her via a male family member of her family. He did pass down the knowledge of raising you including what other information involving you actually. I'm not fooled that your Tom the forbidden one exiled from Uzan whose back here judging by your face having some mask glued onto there. I know that you're Tom a servant of the High Council including clad in High Council's servant wear clothes. So talk since you can talk anyway."
Tom willed aside the Berserker finding Jacin standing in front of the Queen while she was broadcasting her talk to him. 
He recalled the Summeran language spoken by the Freeloaders spoke firmly "Anything else you want to know now?"
He saw the Queen grimace followed by noticing Jacin forming a glare on his face flaring an all black eyed look and holding up a hand in his direction. 
Tom spoke again "Oops forgot to warn you of my hypnotic voice tone. Excuse me."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the Queen who spoke verbalizing her words "Spill it on what the High Council wants with dumping you onto us now?"
He spoke firmly "The High Council gave up explaining what their purposes regarding servants. They used to do that explanation but too many times their orders were sabotaged. Hence they gave up the explanation bit."
He saw the Queen again grimace kept his eyes onto her to find the female glaring at Jacin who he saw had the Master in control. Tom felt sleepiness hitting him after seeing Jacin wave a hand towards him shut his eyes and came to feeling himself thrown forwards onto something hard as rock. Tom jerked open his eyes seeing a travel gate above him that remained showing a rocky ceiling instead of a gate's cloudy sky. He got up in an acrobatic move to find himself in a cave from the looks of night vision flaring in his eyesight. Tom jerked stumbling off his feet as he felt something bump into the cave while landing onto the floor of stone. He forced himself to get up awkwardly to explore the cave's room finding it was circular and didn't have any hand holds for climbing the walls to get out towards the gate above in the ceiling. Tom kept on feeling the room vibrated with bumping all over the place flying around. 
He spoke "Where the depths did you stinking Freeloaders dump me into?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question continued to feel the vibrations all over the place till he had an enough and forced himself to sit down while crossing his legs. He felt his filming senses refused to blare as he sat unknowingly of the time. Tom felt the mask on his face peel off to his relief which he yanked off and tossed it aside despite feeling the familiar vibrations all over the place. 
He felt himself tired unexpectedly forced himself to shut his eyes mediating due to thinking "Damned vibrations would keep me up for awhile."
Tom kept the meditations on and off while feeling the vibrations seemingly endless and refusing to go away till he felt cold unexpectedly sneezed loudly. Tom sneezed several times from the coldness felt. He kept on sneezing over and over till he found himself standing and floating towards the travel gate to go through it reaching the ceiling to feel a hand clamp over his neck in a tight hold while coming from the wall. Tom gagged while still sneezing as the hand thrust him through the wall breaking it in pieces to feel even more colder. He found the hand's owner was belonging to King Winter from the looks of it as he found himself floating unexpectedly while seeing the rock was actually what the Humans dubbed asteroid from seeing them around banging each other. Tom groaned softly as King Winter got him attached to the rocky wall with cold manacles followed by putting a hand onto his chest he feeling his eyesight become dizzy. Tom dizzily eyed King Winter who sucked onto his neck he felt appearing to be drinking from him. He groaned softly as King Winter had his fill followed by releasing him from the sucking. Tom felt his throat sore abruptly as King Winter formed a globe of ice and snow around the Cold Lord followed by feeling himself thrown inside to land at King Winter's feet and again chained onto the floor. He felt the Berserker refused to come into control eyed King Winter who stared at the walls unblinking eyes while flying the globe all over the place. Tom frowned to find the globe flying seemingly lengthy as he felt his clothes get stripped off his form to his annoyance by them ripping apart. He frowned feeling the globe lower itself to land with a thump onto something followed by the ball shattering into pieces he grimacing from it landing onto him. Tom grimaced hearing a familiar roaring noise he recognized the sound as Jinks' roaring making him confused to where King Winter transported him to. He frowned feeling himself freed abruptly to feel himself too weak to swing up instead got up awkwardly to find King Winter had a hand onto Jinks' neck by the looks of the scene Jinks wearing odd clothing on his form and forming a glare at the Cold Lord. He looked around to discover that they were on a porch of an apartment building as he peered out outside to see the city looked odd and different from what he knew of Shadan's cities. 
Tom felt his mood plummet seeing the city to realize with a start "King Winter didn't get me back to Shadan instead elsewhere."
He glared at King Winter with accusation in his eyes to find the Jinks' twin was assumed to be a Lance Richard who spoke "What's the point of transporting this slave reeking of the High Council to here King Winter?"
Tom frowned hearing Lance he assumed was the male's words to hear again spoken in Rakcaran language but this time wasn't the hissing language of the Rakcar but of the Zeskaya species "You know of the Sun Lord and his points of view towards the High Council. You know that his Majesty would do anything to keep out the High Council and their hated influence out of Terrania. So explain yourself!"
Tom frowned further forming it on his lips while hearing the word Terrania for he was confused to hear it. 
He eyed Lance to hear from the male "Simply take this servant of the High Council out of Terrania now! The Sun Lord will have him assassinated period! I don't care to have him die simply because you brought him here! So take him and leave now!"
He frowned forming it on his lips to eye King Winter in response who turned around while still holding onto Lance and saw the male make a blowing gesture with his lips. Tom felt a gust of wind blowing him towards the porch's edge to grab the porch's handle with tight holds while hanging onto it as the wind blew. 
He heard from Lance in response once the wind quit "Oh ho. I knew he was a servant of the High Council by the senses of mine blaring it. It hits every time the High Council sends a servant to Terrania. It doesn't matter where for I'll always know of it. It rather makes the Sun Lord rather in a grumpy mood whenever a servant of the High Council is somewhere hiding in Terrania. He like I and my brothers can detect a servant in Terrania anywhere. Puts him in a grumpy mood as always. Including that I and my brothers are batteries aka power source to the Sun Lord to protect Terrania from any natural disaster actually."
Tom frowned to hear the porch door sliding open to find King Winter dropping Lance who darted away passed the porch door to find two Highlanders wearing tan uniforms pointing handgun weapons in their hands aimed at him and the Cold Lord. He saw behind the Highlanders was a male wearing entirely black clothing with a hood covering the face and golden eyes peering through glass see through eye plates. Tom gulped seeing the male had his golden eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him and at King Winter back and forth. He felt his mind scanned abruptly found Hades peering behind the porch door next to the black clad male to feel his mind sense quit scanned to his relief. 
Tom frowned to hear Rakcaran language spoken from a Highlander "King Winter says explain yourself Your Majesty with your rude attitude towards servants of the High Council."
He saw the black clad male folded his arms to noticed a Highlander looking at the male he assumed was the Sun Lord. 
Tom heard from a Highlander "Says what Edenia orders I obey. She ordered High Council and their servants out of this world period. I do what I can to remove them either alive or put down permanently."
He eyed King Winter in response to hear from a Highlander "I'm hearing Merra and Tank communicating with King Winter."
He stiffened from the names of Merra and Tank to realize it was names belonging to two Meritanians that were living on Shadan before transported off elsewhere by Ramses. 
Tom felt his mind scanned to frown to hear blared in his mind "Aha Mindbender. Kindly tell the High Council and whoever cares to know that Merra and I, Tank are doing fine and alive on Terrania as the world is called. Yes tell the High Council that Terrania is a combination of two planets the Humans' former home world and Humania joining into one planet guarded by Edenia. And yes the Sun Lord isn't kidding on Edenia ordering him to keep the High Council and servants out of Terrania. Edenia is rather worried that the High Council will mess up things on Terrania and cause the death of a planet she values as her Mother aka Humania and what's left of that planetary world actually."
He frowned to eye King Winter in response to feel the Meritanian leave his mind as he eyed the Cold Lord. Tom frowned eyeing King Winter to find the Cold Lord forming a globe over himself along with felt flying into the ice ball to land onto the floor again chained. Tom gave King Winter a glare as he felt the movements of the globe flying all over the place along with an image of the High Council's gate room flashing in his mind to find himself landing onto metal floor with a grunt. He felt familiar hands grabbing his arms to find they belonged to the Falcons. Tom gave them a glare as they hauled him to the High Council's throne room to find himself in the group's presence. He felt his mind scanned to refrain from thinking of any comments. 
Tom heard from Shad "Alright Ramses cut your rude interference and let us scan this servant's mind!"
He frowned to see light shows come from the High Council along with snickering sounds in feminine voices to hear "To anyone who cares you'll find two High Council members dumped into the food supply and no I'm not transporting them back for giving us a stupid request."
Tom exhaled a breath to figure that the snickering was Erra and Terra who were long ago told to be quiet by the High Council who kept on whining of them talking loudly. He kept his mouth in a thin line while feeling his mind scanned to sense it was from the Meritanians doing it. He formed a thin line with his mouth while eyeing the High Council to find the Speakers had heads up to his confusion. 
Tom frowned to get "Alright then transport this servant out of our presence to somewhere where he can be properly attired now!"
He felt the Falcons release their holds onto his arms to find himself transported to Jinks' gym room to hear a loud roaring noise of the male's voice tone. Tom looked around to find Jinks in the vicinity that had the Master in control giving him a glare and jabbing a finger in the direction of the doors. Tom decided not to argue in response walked out of the room and ignored leaving the doors open to hear Jinks yell for the butler. He found the butler appearing next to him that gave up a loud Tsk sound. 
He frowned ignoring his naked status to glare at Jinks who snarled "Worthington get this High Council assassin properly attired now! See that he's out of my sight and out of my residence immediately! I don't want to see him here again regardless of what pathetic pleading Victoria uses! I refused to have anything to do with this assassin paired to my daughter so get him out now!"
Tom felt his senses blaring warning unexpectedly while eyeing the butler Worthington he assumed was the male's name who gave up an Hmph sound. 
He eyed Worthington who spoke "Kindly come with me Mister Thunder?"
Tom felt himself recognizing the senses indicating Victoria in vicinity kept his mouth shut and wordlessly followed Worthington down the hallway to find Victoria stomping by anger sensed from her. He in a fast move grabbed her and laid a kiss onto her lips to feel her hand touching his scarred cheek in a soothing move. Tom kissed Victoria to feel her kissing him back only to hear a loud roaring noise along with paralysis hitting him making him collapsed onto the floor. Tom eyed Victoria in response feeling if drawn to find her having the Master in control he unable to hear what she was saying as she walked out of sight. He willed forwards the Berserker side in control finding his efforts to will the shield command blocked repeatedly over and over. Tom glared at the ceiling to spot a Listener crawling onto the area by blurred form seen. He frowned eyeing the ceiling till Jinks came into view with a glare on the male's face who waved a hand towards him. He felt his paralysis stop hitting his head found himself able to move his eyes and mouth to frown while eyeing Jinks. 
He frowned to find Jinks looking away while speaking "I willed aside the paralysis from his head. That's all I'm doing for him. You want him you can have him like that period. I refused to have anything to do with this assassin paired to you unless he can't hurt you again."
Tom stiffened from Jinks' words to realize with a start thinking "Jinks is furious with me for hurting Victoria. Hence he doing what it takes to keep us apart. He wants Victoria to prove that I can't hurt her again. It's the same feelings towards me proving that I can't hurt her again either."
He spoke his thought out loud finding Jinks waving a hand towards him to feel his head paralysis again as he remained staring at the ceiling hearing nothing and seeing a blurred Listener on the area. Tom kept starting at the ceiling seemingly lengthy till he felt annoyance take control felt himself able to will forwards the Berserker side into control. Tom mentally gave up the shield command to get up in an acrobatic move to find Jinks and Victoria in the hallway both glaring at each other while both having the Master in control. 
Tom saw Jinks give him a glare and jab a finger in his direction while hearing "Take a look Victoria at who you want to be paired to. He's an assassin. He'll always be an assassin period. He's someone you shouldn't be friends with not even paired with either."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing Jinks' words to will aside the Berserker to stare at the floor while rubbing a hand on his scarred cheek. He heard Victoria's voice speaking ignored her words to continue on rubbing his cheek while baring his teeth. Tom fisted his hand touching his scar in response to Jinks' voice heard but didn't register the words. He willed forwards the Berserker as if feeling to do it to find the black floor turn entirely red colored. Tom ignored the red color to remove his hand from his scarred cheek to give off a loud roar and charged towards two figures appearing to be black colored with forms of a male and a female not seen what they were. He attacked them with clawed hands swiping while letting his rage take control. Tom felt a hand touching him onto the chest right in the middle of his rib cage that felt masculine from the feel as he saw the male figure standing in front of him. He gave up another roar and scratched the male's arm in a hard move finding the male removing his hand while again swiping clawed hands towards the male who ducked. 
Tom heard a voice speaking "Tom." 
He didn't register the voice but heard his name spoken. Tom turned towards the female figure as if drawn to charge towards her with clawed hands swiping. He found the female refused to duck instead remained still while he waved his clawed hands into her face. Tom heard his name spoken again groaned softly from the voice making his anger going down to simmering. He halted his swiping of his clawed hands to eye the female with narrowed eyes seeing she remained calmly staring at him back despite features distorted. Tom felt a hand feminine touching his cheek he jerked from the touch but allowed the hand to remain on the area. He shut his eyes and forced himself to breathe deeply through his mouth feeling the hand's touch was soothing his raging angry mood down to simmering. Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled through his mouth forcing himself to calm despite feeling the hand touching his scarred cheek. He blinked his eyes as the redness he saw went away showing Victoria was the hand's owner staring at him with a familiar look in her eyes he recognized that she wasn't afraid of him. He sighed softly to will aside the Berserker to groan softly before feeling his knees weak kneeled in front of Victoria whose hand remained touching him. He sighed again and buried his face onto Victoria's frontal lower body while wrapping arms onto her back pining her into his hold. Tom felt Victoria's hand remove itself from his cheek followed by feeling the hand touching the top of his head as he felt himself sad abruptly. He burst into tears weeping softly while tightening his hold onto Victoria feeling her hands stroking his head. Tom didn't say a word as he kept up the crying seemingly lengthy before becoming calmer while releasing his hold onto Victoria to kneel with eyes staring at her slippers. 
He frowned but didn't say a word as Victoria spoke "Tom, follow me."
He obeyed to follow her into her bedroom into the bathroom to get ordered "Go into the shower and clean yourself. You look like you need a good scrubbing."
Tom again obeyed to turn on the water to heat toleration levels finding Victoria watching him from seated on a stool outside the shower stall. He sighed and cleaned himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo before getting out of the shower to dry himself. Tom avoided looking at Victoria in the eyes to again kneel while eyeing her slippers after putting away the towel onto the heated rack. He kept his eyes onto her slippers to see her get up followed by clothes dropping around her feet pooling. Tom sighed as Victoria straddled him while kissing him on the lips. He kissed her back in response to feel the floor was heated from the feel of bare skin onto it. 
He felt regret when Victoria broke off the kiss to hear her "Tom, have your way with me mating wise. You have my permission. Just avoid the shower for it. Use the floor for the mating. It's fine for me."
Tom sighed and didn't protest hearing Victoria's words he sensing himself spied on to ignore the spying to lower Victoria gently onto the floor till her back was onto it. He proceeded to kiss her all over the place not sparing her breasts or suckling onto the nipples before kissing her sensitive part with his mouth and tongue. He heard Victoria gasp of pleasure from his licking and suckling sighed to again make another trip to her neck from the sensitive part to the neck's area. Tom again got himself on top of Victoria to sense the spying was from Jinks he ignored was watching him. He got himself inside Victoria and was thrusting in rhythm feeling himself getting charges of pleasure hitting each time he entered her. Tom gave up a loud gasp once he spilled himself inside Victoria from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him. He gasped again from the mating to realize that the intense charge was from his own body doing it and not Victoria's Master manipulations. He sighed to shut his eyes feeling Victoria's hands kept themselves from touching him while he was doing the mating ritual onto her. He placed his head onto Victoria's chest after pulling out while wrapping arms around her to again give off crying sounds while feeling his eyes water of tears. Tom felt himself relieved to cry kept it up while putting a hand onto her chest over her beating heart on the left side. He ignored her breast to feel her hand touching his hand in a tight grip as he wailed crying sounds while feeling his eyes water too much. Tom kept up the crying seemingly lengthy before feeling himself calmer from the bout. He sighed to wipe his eyes with his free hand while raising his head up to eye Victoria in the eyes finding she was staring at him back with a familiar look in her eyes he loved getting from her. Tom sighed softly to eye Victoria back who squeezed his other hand while giving him a warm smile he smiled back at her while not baring his teeth. Tom eyed Victoria who kept on squeezing his hand in gentle grips while staring at him till he had an enough pulled her up into a sitting position to do the same thing. He sighed once sensing the spying was gone finding Jinks no where in sight to get up after seeing Victoria get up putting on her clothes. He eyed Victoria who jabbed a finger aimed at him and towards the sink he spotted folded grey and blue clothes onto there. He went to the clothes putting them on to find that they were a grey rugby top and blue jeans along with black undergarments including black socks. He followed Victoria out of the bathroom to find her picking up her suitcase and hauling it into the private room. Tom followed feeling himself confused to why he was wearing the clothes. 
He eyed Victoria who dropped the suitcase and she spoke "Tom, please sit down for me."
Tom sighed and obeyed to sit down onto the stool and eyed Victoria who got herself naked and into the shower he watching her clean herself thoroughly. He sighed as she got out of the shower and dried herself using his towel before going to the suitcase to pull out proper undergarments putting them on along with a lady's business suit in blue with a skirt followed by putting on her makeup and styling her hair.
Tom sighed to think to himself "She must have evolved the Veronica Thomas look."
He kept his thought to himself as Victoria put her sweats into the suitcase and gestured for him to follow her out which he obeyed finding her pulling the suitcase out of the room. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria as she put away her stuff into the suitcase including her laptop computer.
He sighed as she spoke "Tom, would you please carry my suitcase?"
Tom took her suitcase and followed her to the elevator room to hear a loud meow in an excited tone. He sighed to feel Snowy get onto his shoulder to give off a loud meow in a loud ear shattering tone. Tom frowned as the butler arrived and took the cat before fading from view. He didn't say a word as he followed Victoria into the elevator to find Jinks inside that gave him an all black eyed glare he gulping from the look. Tom gulped but kept his mouth into a thin line as Jinks spoke the command for lobby he hearing was spoken in familiar language instead of Summeran. Tom frowned finding the language seemed Rakcaran but in Zeskaya's language uses. He frowned as he followed Victoria out of the elevator to the building's lobby. Tom followed Victoria outside to see a crowd of people held back by barricades appearing to be presses blaring their lights onto them both. He sighed from the glare of the lights shining onto him as Victoria was felt taking his hand he seeing her doing it and led him to the vehicle a limo from the looks of it which he got inside following her and shut the door. Tom put on his seatbelt finding Victoria doing the same. He felt the limo move into the city instead of taking the route to Victoria's apartment building stopped at another building that seemed familiar to him but made him confused seeing it. Tom followed Victoria out of the limo once it parked at the curb. He again carried her suitcase to see her entering the building to see the lobby was having security guards standing around wearing familiar Master Organization's army wear clothes. Tom followed Victoria into an elevator still carrying the suitcase to find a guard inside that ignored them both. He found Victoria pressing a button involving the penthouse along with putting a hand over small dome next to the button's console. 
He frowned wondering to himself "Must have earned enough to gain that as her residence."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as the elevator reached the penthouse building to find the doors opening to a hallway he following her out to find her shutting the elevator door with a hand scanning over a dome he saw was next to the button's console on the wall. He followed her groaning loudly to find Victoria removing her high heeled shoes that highlighted her legs to him and carrying them he following her throughout the apartment he finding it took up the entire floor of the building after granted to explore by her. Tom found multiple bedrooms having kids stuff in them along with her bedroom having his stuff in the closet including a private bathroom for that room. He found various rooms for living in the apartment including an office and heard a faint sound of a cat coming from a couch in the TV room. Tom frowned to find an orange cat arch its back from the white couch to jump down and go towards him in a beeline before swatting his shooed feet with paws. He sighed and played wrestling with the cat a male from the looks of it. Tom sighed as the cat kept up the wrestling behavior before jumping onto his shoulder and rubbing its face onto the side of his head. He sighed feeling the cat had accepted him to hear it give off a loud meow in an excited voice tone to feel the male get off his shoulder. He sighed to follow the cat going to the kitchen to find the male eating from a bowl on the floor appearing to be wet food to him. Tom sighed finding that Victoria didn't have any servants judging by her feeding the cat herself. He sighed while eyeing Victoria put away the empty can of cat food to find the orange puff of fur getting onto the kitchen's island's counter to give off mews in questioning tones. He sighed to go towards Victoria leaning against the sink to pin her there with his arms besides her. Tom sighed as Victoria turned around while still pinned to the area by his arms around her. 
He looked down as she looked up she speaking "I named the cat after you including using various cat's names with your name. I had managed to adopt him from the shelter soon after you went missing six months ago."
He hissed a breath hearing her words to shut his eyes and sighed feeling her hands touching his chest underneath his rugby shirt. Tom sighed softly from the feel of her hands' soothing touch rubbing his bulging stomach muscles dubbed abs. He sighed to open his eyes and gently kissed Victoria on the lips before removing her hands and walking away to sit onto a stool while feeling Orange he figured he'll name him get onto his shoulder again. He sighed as Orange gave off soft mews sounds while felt kneading his shoulder by the paws felt making him sigh softly. Tom didn't say a word as he looked at Victoria with a frown feeling Orange get off his shoulder to land onto the kitchen's island counter. 
He looked around at the kitchen before speaking "So your new digs? How did you acquire it hmm?"
Tom frowned to focus onto Victoria who he eyed with a frown to find her speaking "The digs as you call them belonged to Lance Knight an offspring of my Father."
Tom hissed out a breath as Victoria walked up towards him to gently place a hand onto his hand bare from arms' folded position he gripped gently. 
He eyed Victoria who added "Lance Knight and descendants kept the apartment into the family. One of them wound up willing the place to my Father who found out about it over a year ago. A lawyer contacted him of this willing in question hence he found out. Daddy's reaction was to take a look of the residence with Talon as he's called now pointing out various memories involved with it. Daddy's been working on getting me to have residence into this apartment for safety issues. Took him the moment you were declared missing to have me have residence into here. I took in Bogey as he's dubbed actually and not your version of your name in cat version."
Tom spoke "Bogey? Weird. I considered calling him orange."
He frowned to hear a soft chuckle from Victoria who spoke in response "His name is Bogey. He moves like a ghost around here. Bogey has managed to get into locked door rooms without any Humanoid's help. I figured that the residence is set for a cat to travel around via the walls. Daddy has made his residence to do that to his cat Snowy in response."
Tom sighed and felt an odd feeling hitting him making him confused till his eyesight turned entirely red abruptly only to feel Victoria's hand touching his cheek right over the scar in a gentle soothing move. He breathed deeply through his mouth forcing himself to shut his eyes allowing Victoria's hand to remain onto his cheek. Tom opened his eyes at Victoria's order to find himself eyeing her red blurred form where the eyes were he guessed where they were. He eyed Victoria in the eyes to find his redness's eyesight going away followed by her going to the refrigerator to find her opening it and pulling out a familiar bottle of herbal tea. Tom sighed and didn't say a word as Victoria handed the bottle to him which he sipped taking his time after uncapping it to grimace feeling his stomach rumble in hunger in response to the liquid he drank. He frowned finding his stomach kept on rumbling along with feeling the herbal tea drink tasted odd to him instead of its sweet taste instead seemed plain and yucky to him. Tom grimaced once he sipped the drink entirely down to groan feeling his stomach again rumbling in hunger.
He spoke "Didn't the Zesky Hospital test me on what's going on within me?"
Tom eyed Victoria in response to find her taking the bottle and putting it into a recycle bin he saw. He frowned as she without another word in answer to his question grab out a meal of food he recognized as cheese sandwiches along with strawberry milkshakes before handing him a plate he took. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who spoke "Daddy's eating habits over the years he lived in Shadan changed all over the place. It depended on his body's health and whether he was healthy enough to take in the food for survival. Daddy kept up the habit of eating one meal a day he finding he could survive on that. He only ate more than one meal a day if he was down with a medical issue or he needing to eat something to get healthy again. His body gets to the point he needs to sleep for a week's time frame to heal up again including giving him additional strong strength. I suspect that you have evolved to get a different taste into food."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as his stomach again rumbled in hunger as Victoria kept talking "In answer to your question the Zesky Hospital didn't test you. Instead the High Council did that testing actually. They have managed to figure out how to copy the tests the Zesky Hospital has been doing onto people and have success into doing it themselves onto own servants. I suspect that Jason as he's called told them how from feeling fed up with testing their servants for them. So eat the food and let me know how you feel with it. I think the High Council prefers I to test you on how you'll tolerate the food I give you. I did heard one wild story of a servant blowing a tantrum after taking in inappropriate food. No names was given on who that servant was instead I heard people use some fear voice tone when telling the story. So eat up."
He obeyed to recall how to use his teeth for the food ate the food forcing himself to take his time he eating both sandwiches both of cheese variety he finding they tasted good to him. He sighed once done to feel his stomach quit rumbling in hunger to him to frown feeling it grumble in response as Victoria handed him a bottle of strawberry milkshake. 
Tom frowned feeling the grumbling from his stomach to speak "I got an upset stomach at the moment."
He got an Hmph from Victoria followed by she speaking "When's the last time you went to the bathroom hmm?"
Tom didn't say a word in response gulped down the strawberry milkshake to gulp down another bottle before getting her pointing a finger in a direction and giving him directions to the nearest bathroom. He obeyed to find the bathroom and with a groan shut the door gently while adjusting his pants' elastic waist. 

Tom came out of the bathroom once done to sit onto the black floor it feeling warm to him while leaning his back onto the wall. He sighed feeling himself having a break from the bathroom to sigh feeling his stomach didn't rumble in response instead seemed content to him. He got Bogey onto his shoulder giving off a loud meow in a loud tone he sighed and adjusted the cat to wrestle with finding him a willing participant in the playing games. Tom sighed as Bogey darted away once done to go into the wall he seeing a cat door. He leaned back against the wall to smell a familiar stink from the bathroom to roll his eyes recalling it contained a litter box for Bogey to use as his private bathroom. Tom recalled fully that the stinker's litter boxes were scattered around the apartment mostly into the private bathrooms. He got up with a groan and waited seemingly lengthy for Bogey to get out of the bathroom to find the cat coming out of a cat's door going into the kitchen as he went into the bathroom to peer. He found the cat's litter box but this time involved a beeping machine busy cleaning out Bogey's crap to put it into a box at one end of the litter box. Tom groaned and left the bathroom going into the kitchen to find Victoria typing onto her laptop while seated in a bench at the kitchen table. He sighed and went to wander around the apartment he feeling himself relieved to not feel himself filmed to eye the ceiling as if needing to do it to find nothing indicating of the filming. Tom wandered around the apartment to find the TV room which inside he picked up the remote after shutting the door to the room. Tom sat down onto the couch and pressed a button to the remote finding the screen turned blue but remained its blue color. 
He sighed thinking to himself "Don't tell me you only view recordings."
He got nothing in response to his comment got up and found rows of bookshelves holding various devices he recognized as recordings for recorders to play. Tom heard a loud meow sound behind him as he pulled out a recording. He frowned feeling shoes on his feet took them off to find the cat seated onto the couch. Tom went back to the recording to examine them fully finding that they involved Jinks and his family from births found to special events including Jinks' political career. 
He sighed finding recordings involving disasters nature and man made he figured to himself "Must be something related to the family."
Tom kept on eyeing the recordings till one recording had the words "Forbidden not for viewing."
He frowned to hear another meow from Bogey as he examined the recording to see its date was near the date of Victoria's birthday. Tom heard another meow from Bogey sounding annoyed to him which he put aside the recording and went to the couch to shut off the TV to sit down. He eyed Bogey warily who got onto his lap and sat purring away. He sighed to lean back eyes staring at the ceiling feeling Bogey curl onto his lap and appeared to have fallen asleep onto him. Tom kept his eyes onto the ceiling till he felt urged to shut his eyes obeyed to compulsion.
He heard loudly in his mind "Excuse me furball get off!"
Tom opened his eyes from hearing Ramses' familiar blaring words to find Bogey getting off his lap with a loud yowl sound as he found himself compelled to stand up. He obeyed to find himself in the High Council's throne room arms grabbed by the Falcons in tight ironclad holds as he saw his eyesight turn to red again. Tom felt rage hitting him felt a hand clamp over his mouth as he struggled against the Falcons' holds while giving off growling noises within his throat. He kept up the noises till a hand was felt touching his scarred cheek he recognized was belonging to Victoria's. Tom didn't protest as Victoria's hand soothed him to quit the red eyed sight to find her disappearing in a light show. He sighed to sense Victoria hiding behind him as he eyed the High Council. 
Tom heard "Ramses, what the depths happened to Mindbender?"
He frowned finding both Speakers had spoken that question to hear "Walls you explain it. I'm not talking for everybody to hear."
Tom heard from Walls in response "Alright never have a Drainer especially King Winter feed off any of your servants. He did that feeding and left a little surprise gift to Mindbender. It involves him suffering from great rages of anger that turns his eyes entirely that color. He's aware of those rages hitting him hence he seeing his eyesight turning a different color. Also King Winter made it possible for him to take in nourishment like a normal Humanoid should be doing. He's no longer on that ridiculous liquid diet actually."
Tom groaned softly as he continued to hear "Sorry High Council but only Victoria can successfully calm Mindbender down from one of his hissy fits your thinking of calling it."
He groaned softly again as he saw light shows from the High Council to hear from Ramses "Anyway you'll find High Council members dumped into the food supply for saying something inappropriate and no I'm not going to transport them back."
Tom frowned to get from Shad in response "Simply transport Mindbender back to his residence with Victoria detected behind him now."
He sighed to find himself back into the TV room after freed from the Falcons' grips to hear a meow sounding in an annoyed tone. He sighed and went to the couch to sit leaning back and got Bogey sitting onto his front curling into a ball and conked out to him. Tom leaned his head back and shut his eyes due to feeling like needing to do it.
He heard blared in his mind "Hissy fit my seat! Its not a hissy fit as the High Council calls them!"
Tom frowned hearing Walls' mental voice to find the Meritanian added "I warned the High Council that your hissy fit as they call them would cause you problems functioning as a servant of them. Their thinking of using your hissy fit as some kind of weapon against the First Ones as usual. The High Council for not getting us Meritanians' messages on not to trifle with you is still slow to get. You're dangerous to the High Council and their still not getting the message."
Tom mentally spoke in response sensing Walls silent but wanting him to talk "Why is Victoria the only one who could calm me down? Her Father tried that trick and received an injury from it."
He frowned opening his eyes to hear from Walls "Because you can't hurt Victoria period. Anybody else trying to calm you down will get an injury from that. And no don't ask me why only Victoria can do that. I suspect you'll have to ask a certain Drainer about this matter. He gave you those hissy fits and only he can remove them period."
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing Walls' words as the Meritanian was felt leaving his mind which he remained staring at the ceiling till Bogey was felt getting off his front and giving off an excited meow in a loud tone. 
He sighed to think "Must be feeding time for that cat." 
Tom went to the kitchen to find Victoria still typing onto the laptop but Bogey rubbing his head onto her bare foot while she was clad in still in her familiar clothes. He groaned to clap his hands getting her attention and jabbed a finger towards the cat. Tom eyed Victoria who spoke in response directions to where to find the cat's food bowls and food found in the kitchen before resuming typing. He sighed and went to find Bogey's food to find it in a cupboard to open the can and used a spoon to pour out food into the cat's bowl. Tom found Bogey happily eating the food entirely before rubbing his head onto his socked food and giving off loud meows sounds. He sighed to figure that the water bowl was empty to refill it with tap water from the sink and placed the bowl down. He found Bogey swatting his sock foot in response while doing his familiar pouncing onto his feet behavior he sighed. Tom proceeded to wrestle with Bogey till the cat quit to give himself a bath ignoring him staring. He got up and found Victoria gone from the kitchen table but her laptop shut and not open. He looked around only to sense a light flash in his face along with a familiar giggling noise. Tom gave up a playful growl in response to chase Victoria to tackle her in a hallway leading to the elevator. He got her onto her back and kissed Victoria still laughing away all over her face and neck before hearing a clapping noise. Tom broke off the kissing to groan softly before getting up to stand finding Jinks in the hallway in front of the elevator with an all black eyed glare. 
He frowned but gulped to hear "Daddy! I wasn't expecting you!" 
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks in response to get from the male who spoke "There's a certain recording missing from my recording collection labeled 'Forbidden' and some wording on it. I want the recording back now."
He exhaled a breath to hear from Victoria in response "Excuse me while I get it."
Tom gulped finding himself alone with Jinks who jabbed a finger aimed at him and got from the male "It's claimed that Victoria won't live long like any of my female offsprings has done."
He again gulped again to get from Jinks "Only certain males of my family line born from me have lived to inherited what makes me ageless and living forever. Ajax and Robert are two of those males. The other male offsprings have gotten some sort of mental illness involving seeing hallucinations and trouble with their hearing in question. There's another male offspring that hasn't had that case but he turned out to be the last of some species the High Council dubbed Amula."
He gulped again as Jinks added "This offspring is down asleep in the High Council's grips at the moment. It's from him being the last born Amula. I'm not going to say what the Amula are due to pretty sure you know who they are."
He gave a head bob not trusting his voice as he sensed Victoria in the vicinity to find her darting down the hallway carrying a recording in her hand. Tom eyed Victoria hand Jinks the recording then he found her hugging her Father who gave him a glare without her looking. Tom frowned as Victoria released her Father followed by watching Jinks enter the elevator seeing the doors shut. He groaned softly to get Victoria eyeing him with one of his favorite eyed looks followed by her flashing a pen light into his face and giggling loudly. Tom gave up a playful growl chased Victoria further into the apartment only to tackle her onto the couch of the TV room while again kissing her face all over including her neck. He sighed as Victoria got him to kiss her on the lips he kissing her back in response while adjusting his form to cover hers on the couch. Tom wrapped his arms around Victoria and kept up the kissing seemingly lengthy till he felt cat paws onto his back followed by a loud yowl sound. Tom broke off the kiss to glare at Victoria with accusation in his eyes feeling the cat remain on his back claws digging onto the area while giving off another yowl sounding in an angry tone. 
He got Victoria speaking in response "Yes after you were declared dead which happened six months ago I was forced to date males by my Father insisting on it. Some of those dates have turned into sex on the couch and never in the bedroom. I reserved the bedroom for sleeping and for sex with you only if you came back. Bogey hates those sex on the couch bits. He has displayed his displeasure by getting onto the back of whoever has the top position while on the couch and yowling his head off like he's doing now."
Tom felt Bogey yowl again to get off the couch and off Victoria in response while folding his arms he feeling his mood becoming foul within him. He felt his familiar sense involving rages hitting him to find his eyesight turning all red colored while eyeing Victoria turning into a black blurry shape. Tom growled angry while feeling the Berserker itching to come out. He obeyed to the feeling and stomped towards the black feminine blurry shape while swiping his hands clawed towards the figure. Tom found the female blurry figure refused to budge from his waving his clawed hands into her face. He found himself not able to touch the female by the vibes of no fear felt from her she was giving him. He found that she refused to be scared off despite his attempts to scare her. Tom felt pressure onto his shoulder to find the female calmly removing a blurry shape in black off the area despite hearing a familiar yowl sound. He found the raging mood went away by his eyesight blinking from all red with Victoria seen as the figure he saw in black blurry shape. He folded his arms and shut his eyes forcing himself to calm down from his angry mood. Tom breathed deeply through his mouth while recalling his mediation techniques involving himself being calm from doing stunts and angry moods. He went to kneel onto the floor and kept his eyes shut while forcing himself to mediate calmly. Tom kept up the mediation finding Victoria walking away from senses cued to her to hear her manipulate the TV room's doors shut. He kept on mediating till he felt himself really calm sighed to feel a cat on his shoulder again along with a loud meow. Tom groaned and opened his eyes to remove Bogey off his shoulder who squirmed being held which he put the cat down and found him wanting to wrestle with his hand. He sighed and played the wrestling game onto Bogey who gave him numerous scratches onto his hands and arms he ignoring the pain. Tom found Bogey quit the game to scratch himself onto the ear along with bathing the area. He sighed and walked out of the TV room to figure that Victoria was in the kitchen to find her not there along with her laptop gone from there. Tom eyed the time finding the windows weren't glowing of sunlight. He found the time indicated an early evening hour to groan softly before going to the bedroom to find the light on in the bathroom. Tom knocked onto the door before stepping inside to find Victoria showering in the shower stall. 
He went to a stool to sit watching her shower only to get her opening the shower door and speaking "Tom, please you may stare at me showering only in my Father's place but anywhere else without my permission please don't. Let me shower in peace."
Tom groaned and went into the bedroom to sit onto the bed eyes onto the bathroom door. He eyed the bathroom door to find Victoria walking out clad in a black dress that looked like it showed her legs making him frown seeing that as she shrugged onto a jacket while putting on her high heels. Tom eyed Victoria as he smelled her familiar perfume to frown staring at her feeling his mood plummet. 
He got from Victoria speaking "Tom, don't be long getting yourself ready into the clothes I have hanging off the door. Go shower. I still need to put on makeup and style my hair."
He obeyed to get into the bathroom into the shower stall after removing his clothes to shower in a fast move before getting out to dry himself he went to the clothes behind the door. Tom grimaced finding the clothes was a stuffy suit white with a bow tie in black. He put on the undergarments for it along with the stuffy stiff suit. Tom walked out of the bathroom to find Victoria already dolled up in makeup brushing her hair while glaring at the closet's mirror on the door. 
He spoke "What do you have in mind for my hair?"
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who spoke "Brush is on the sink counter. You can style your hair any way you want. I don't have a preference."
He walked back into the bathroom to find the hairbrush then brushed his hair recalling himself attending events involving suits with his hair pulled back into a braid. He recalled he attended events that didn't recalled suits with his hair down. Tom proceeded to braid his hair then put a hair band onto the area locking it in position. He walked out once done to frown finding Victoria thrusting him a pair of shoes he groaning seeing that they were dressy shoes. Tom put the shoes on after Victoria gave him a glare. 
He obeyed to mentally think to himself "This better be worth it."
Tom didn't comment the comment towards Victoria as she got her purse followed by getting him and herself out of the apartment to the elevator taking it to the lobby. He followed her out to the limo waiting in front to get inside and peered out the window at the scenery he finding the city looked the same last time he visited. Tom frowned to sense Victoria staring at him which he looked at her.
He got from Victoria "So tell me what do you remember involving attending a black tie affair aka party at a hotel's private room?"
He sighed and spoke the memory of attending such parties only to frown hearing from Victoria in response "Alright Daddy is said to be there at the party for a friend of his dubbed Verona Vander. She's trying to match up her daughter Sharene with Daddy from the questions she's been pestering me about him and what he likes in general. I figured it's a match up for Sharene and him."
Tom spoke from memory of a party "Actually you sure that Miss Vander isn't trying to match herself up towards your Father in question?"
He frowned to get from Victoria in response "Tom Thunder what kind of question is that?!"
Tom formed a glare of accusation in his eyes while eyeing Victoria who spoke "Fine Miss Vander six months ago came out saying that she was married for years to this actor named Tucker Henry. She did point him out as the Father of her child Sharene. The marriage wasn't public knowledge. Both were trying for an acting career hence they keeping the marriage under wraps. Hollywood frowned on married couples starting out into the acting industry or being famously married. Their still frowning to this day on this issue. Hence both Miss Vander and Mister Henry keeping their marriage a secret publicity. They recently came out admitting this marriage bit from both retiring from the acting profession."
Tom quit the glare as Victoria kept speaking "Sharene is expected to take up the acting profession in question as heavily pressured by presses and public to do it. Hence this party in question is to celebrate one of Sharene's movies being publicity received very well by people in the box office. Actually this party is another publicity stunt to flaunt Sharene as a good actress to the public hence Daddy wound up invited."
He frowned as Victoria gave up a disgust sound followed by she speaking "I suspect that Daddy is the headlined act for the party. It's judging by the invitation saying something about Daddy coming out to be viewed publicity. He hates those parties focused onto him actually. He prefers parties to focus onto someone else instead publicity. Hence he roping me into going to parties as his representative in his place if it's obvious he's the headline act."
Tom groaned softly to rub a hand over his forehead while leaning back into the seat to eye out the window to find the limo stopping on a street he seeing a familiar hotel in sight down the street. 
He sighed to hear from Victoria "I'm going to have Miss Vander's head if this party turns out to be some pseudo engagement between Daddy and her daughter."
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria in response to get from her looking at him "Quite recently several women have already thrown parties towards well known males only to announce engagements towards their targeted male at the party in people's presences. Those women have succeeded in ensnaring a targeted male into a marriage trap presses and public expecting to find a wedding to happen. Their both refusing to accept the male's balking on marrying the woman including helping her succeed into getting a marriage license signed legal and bound. Also the presses and public have turned out quite nasty towards the male marrying another woman if it's not the female that he was trapped into an engagement at a party. They have targeted the woman he married not the engagement trapped female into some deadly way as in taking her out in some assassination method. The cases in court have gone to blame the male for marrying this woman when he could have gone with another female in question. Hence these males wound up jailed for a lengthy time period in response for balking the female catching him into an engagement trap into a marriage."
Tom gulped to frown getting from Victoria "This is still ongoing at the moment something Daddy is aware of and went through himself. He gave the wedding of the century as it's called after falling into a marriage trap while running for Governor and won that titled position. Daddy doesn't care whether he's expected to show up at the parties anymore or how publicity negative he'll be seen. He prefers to stay home isolated and only letting the public see him doing his karate in his gym room via recorders set for his own channel. He doesn't care if the High Council are viewing him doing the karate or anywhere else in his residence via recorders. Just as long as the High Council respects his isolation and views of staying out of the public for now."
Tom recalled Robert to speak firmly while eyeing Victoria "What about Robert your brother in question? What's going on with him?"
He frowned to get Victoria giving up a disgust sound and pulling out an envelope and thrusting it at him. 
He took to peer at the envelope's contents to find it labeled "Coming out party for Montreal Junior."
Tom read the rest of the envelope to speak "Montreal Junior?"
He eyed Victoria in response who spoke "Miss Vander didn't specify which one she wanted to attend the party. Either Daddy or Robert she didn't say who. Instead she kept via written communications towards me to see that 'Montreal Junior' show up period. Daddy's not interested in those publicity events and doesn't give a damn what the presses say towards him not showing up. Robert is still keeping himself isolated within somewhere in New Hampshire I last heard involved a cabin at a private lake. He sort of gave up his teaching job in Wethersfield, Connecticut after Samira was diagnosed with cancer. Robert has been staying at this cabin that used to belong to a family of Barry's in question for a lengthy time period. I heard it's in New Hampshire but I'm not sure where it is. Barry told me that I wasn't going to know where it was and that he'll Builder order me to not to know."
Tom frowned forming the expression on his face as Victoria took the envelope while giving him a glare and got from her "Be prepared to get out of the car and go into the hotel. Ignore the blaring lights shining onto you in question. The public is still obsessed with you displaying your Berserker side. Their still publicity saying that you were put into some sleeping healing sleep after suffering from burns in a cabin fire."
He gave Victoria a glare and spoke "Sleeping healing sleep? Why couldn't you tell me that before we got into the car?"
Tom heard in response "Sorry can't park here so get out now."
Tom got out of the car in response to the driver's words to find presses gathered outside the hotel blaring their lights onto him blinding him. He found Victoria grabbing his hand from the feel and pulling him up the steps into the hotel into the lobby to find her leading the way to the private party room. He found two big burly Humans standing outside the doors giving glares in his and Victoria's direction as they both reached them. Tom frowned as Victoria let go of her hand and held up her right hand palm facing the males to find one scanning it via a handheld scanner. He heard a beep sound followed by gestured to get his hand scanned by her. Tom obeyed to feel annoyed to get another beep sound from the handheld scanner. He followed Victoria inside hearing the males slam the door behind them. He found them both in a hallway leading to the room holding double doors he assumed led to the party. Tom followed Victoria to the double doors to open one of the doors at her throat clearing noises. He wordlessly followed her inside to frown hearing the thumping sound of music blaring loudly. Tom frowned to follow Victoria going up to Miss Vander he assumed was the female and giving the woman air kisses on the cheeks while seeing the lady doing the same towards her. He kept his mouth shut seeing Miss Vander eyeing him with a frown which he recalled attending parties for people took her hand and gently kissed it in a gentle move before going to grip Victoria's hand and kissing her cheek. Tom sighed seeing Miss Vander look relieved to him as he formed a peaceful look on his face while eyeing her back. He frowned as the music resumed its noises to sigh as Miss Vander signed towards Victoria some writing gesture. He followed them to a table and sat next to Victoria writing on a pad towards Miss Vander he noticing Sharene looked older and had shorter hair in a blonde style. Tom forced himself to eye Victoria in response roll her eyes while reading Miss Vander's written communication the woman not noticing the eye roll. Tom frowned to shift to eye Miss Vander to see the woman read Victoria's written words to give off an eye roll before writing down something and then thrust the pad towards Victoria in response. Tom found that both Miss Vander and Victoria had twin facial reactions to what they read from each other repeatedly over and over. He felt himself bored with the party that appeared to have teenagers dancing on the dance floor while noticing Sharene was one of the dancers from time to time. He shifted to look around the room feeling himself bored with the party displaying the same old music with no changeovers. 
Tom heard blared once the music stopped "Warning its ten o'clock lockdown happens at eleven o'clock. This warning will happen every fifteen minutes till ten fifty five is when the final warning will be given."
He sighed softly to eye Victoria instead of getting up kept on having her written communication towards Miss Vander as if not hearing the warning. 
Tom frowned finding Victoria thrusting him a note towards him he read "I have booked us a room in advance of staying at the party after lockdown. Don't worry."
He in response took one of Victoria's hands and kissed the hand before releasing it to find her writing onto the pad to thrust it towards Miss Vander who wrote onto it in response. Tom felt annoyance hearing the lockdown status warning blared overhead to find there was a siren sounding loudly he grimaced from the noises till he heard "Lockdown activated now!"
Tom groaned softly finding the siren quit to eye Victoria in response kept up the written communication between her and Miss Vander seemingly lengthy despite the music remained the same with teenagers dancing on the dance floor various outrageous dance moves making him annoyed. He found Sharene doing the outrageous dance moves ignored by her Mother he noticed wasn't interested in scolding her for the dancing but kept up giving a glare in her daughter's direction. Tom groaned softly to feel himself further bored till a waiter arrived to Miss Vander's side to tap her on the shoulder as the music quit abruptly. 
He eyed the waiter who clapped his hands and spoke loudly "Alright kids go to bed now! This room is closed! It's midnight now!"
He heard groaning tones in teenagers' voices tones to frown eyeing Victoria getting up giving him pleading in her eyes. 
He sighed and followed her out of the room to see Victoria going to the lobby to the checkout desk she speaking "Missus Thunder here for a room as booked."
Tom frowned finding the male scanning Victoria's hand and then checking a laptop computer before clearing his throat and handing her a room key while speaking "The number assigned is the one to your room as ordered Missus."
He followed Victoria through the hotel's elevator and hallway to the designated room to find her using the key card to get inside. He frowned feeling themselves not filmed as she got him into the room to find a blonde male inside making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. Tom frowned eyeing the male who spoke Builder's chatter he recognizing the language and found himself hitting the rugged floor before twisting himself onto his side. Tom wound up to find Victoria jumping onto the male into some mating move and kissing the male's lips making him furiously angry enough to see red literally. Tom gave up a roar as he felt himself passing out unconscious sensing a filming sensation in the room.

End Book One
