Tom's Adventures in Terra: Tom's Rage
Edenia Series
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue:
Tom felt pity taking hold seeing the High Council's latest victim to be tortured via mind rape form. He saw the victim laid her form down and appeared to have passed out unconscious. He kept his Berserker side away from him as tears kept on spilling from his eyes. He eyed the female with a frown finding Terror the Forgiver Souler disappearing in a light show making Soulers resume their appearance with another shriek sound. Tom ignored the Soulers and their swords felt poking him. He crawled to the victim as if compelled by pity hitting him, ignoring his body whining of cuts from the Soulers' swords onto his body. He reaching the victim, Victoria gently placed a hand on top of the female's head and felt himself sleepy enough to pass out unconscious.

Tom's Story as told to the Recorder:
Tom came to hearing the alarm blaring its noises, which he got up and hit the private room in a fast move, ignoring Victoria groaning loudly, while lying on the bed with him. 

Tom came out fresh from showering to head towards the bed to sit putting on his jumpsuit. He eyed the time, an ancient Human alarm clock, finding he had plenty of time to listen to the radio.
He proceeded to do hearing "The weather report about the thunderstorm that lasted all day hitting the planet via Australia area. Or what the Elves call Egyptia and ending at sunset cutting off the heat wave but temperatures will remain in their warmth status but not too extremely warm for now." 
Tom heard "A warning that the heat wave will restart again unexpectedly due to that it was becoming the time of year for such extreme temps to hit." 
He eyed Victoria lying in bed asleep and appeared to be unconsciously sleeping as he shut off the radio. Groaning softly Tom kissed her on the lips she ignored him and kept on sleeping. He got up and went to out of the bedroom to take an underground cavern route to the High Council's throne room. 
He recalled that Walls and Kiddy told him "The High Council ordered you to walk to their throne room and avoid transportation orders. Their still angry with you at the moment with you defying them to keep Victoria alive."
Tom recalled himself yelling at the High Council while they were mind raping Victoria "Keep her alive! I love Victoria to live for her! I'll do anything to keep her with me!"
Tom recalled as the High Council in response quit the mind raping of Victoria followed by him surrounded by Soulers. He wound up seeing a light flash showing a Souler with a beard and a mustache he recognized dubbed Terror the Forgiver Souler. 
The Souler spoke "Forgiveness? Confess your crime to me."
Tom wound up compelled to speak who he spoke "I'll kill to keep Victoria with me as my mate and mine forever."
Terror the Forgiver Souler to his relief disappeared into a light show followed by Soulers appearing. He shook his head of the memory and ignored the moaning noises of ghosts sounding in the cavern's hallways and made himself firm in walking towards the High Council's throne room. Tom reached the throne room to stand with arms folded feeling sarcastic towards them and their latest orders. He felt annoyance take hold when the High Council via their red hooded robes went into a discussion of head waggling and hands' waving seemingly lengthy. Tom glared with annoyance taking hold within him waiting for the High Council to deliver their orders.
He didn't have long to wait as the Souler standing at the foot of the steps spoke "Says we have orders for you to do Mindbender. We expect perfect results involving that order-"
Tom interrupted sounding angry "Just get to the point."
He gave the High Council a glare as the Souler spoke "Says you're to assassinate a Queen with your Berserker side in control once we have the Meritanians or Sages as they call themselves transport you to her."
He kept the glare in response and willed forwards his Berserker side and waited as he found himself in a clearing among bushes hearing sounds of bushes rumbling. Tom unfolded his arms and without a word walked towards the noises to find an Elf Queen walking in the forest him hiding and tracking via the jungle. He tracked her till she stopped at a clearing with a small pool of water. Tom found her guards, was two of them and appeared to be accompanying her. He glared as the Queen kneeled and appeared to be mediating. He slipped quietly sneaking towards the Queen with guards having head bowed and appeared to not hear him. Tom reached the Queen as the guards spun around with staffs crackling of electricity aimed at him as the female ruler got up to stand. He gasped when he saw the Queen shift to Victoria by the looks of her giving him a pleading expression. Tom gritted his teeth and gave the death order towards the female only to see her collapsed onto the ground still displaying her Victoria's persona form. He felt horror hitting him out of shock as he kneeled while willing aside his Berserker. Tom ignored everything around him as he felt a prick of pain into his left arm indicating a needle dart. He ignored it and found himself sleepy enough to pass out unconscious.

Tom wound up remembering a memory of himself attacking people via his Berserker side, while in a city called Sydney in Egyptia, the Australia named continent island, causing terror and destruction in search for Victoria, who was missing. Tom recalled that he woke up without Victoria in his bed to his annoyance one day via alarm clock blaring. He had gotten up and gotten dressed followed by going to the High Council's throne room to confront them on not having Victoria in his presence.
Tom went to the High Council's throne room roaring "Where's Victoria?!"
He got from the High Council via Souler speaker in response "Says she is no concern of yours."
Tom felt his rage rise in response as the Souler added "Says you're to be transported to a city's transportation where you're to get assimilated into the city now. Meritanians transport Mindbender now."
Tom remembering went to mostly drink shop a restaurant, in the city. It was after arriving there via transportation near a bus stop on the outskirts via Meritanians' transporting. He had felt his rage rising willed himself to calm while on the bus to the city's middle section. Tom had managed to get off and was walking angrily in a fast speed move. He found himself itching to take in nourishment found a drink restaurant on a street. Tom went inside to find his drink, herbal tea in a fridge inside the restaurant for self serving only. Tom found his drink and wound up sipping it entirely while pacing.
He wound up ignoring "Hey you! Pay for that now!" yelled at him by the restaurant's cashier.
Tom once he finished sipping the drink threw it at the window above a pair of Elves seated there drinking. The bottle smashed itself onto the window. He felt his rage take control willed forwards the Berserker as restaurant's patrons darted out of the shop. 
Some were heard screaming as he mentally spoke "Fly!"
Tom found people flying around him as he roared angrily "Where's Victoria?!"
He saw some of the people were Elves flying around him in a circle as he kept on roaring Victoria's name. Tom halted his flying order and went to an Elf lying on the floor groaning. 
He grabbed the Elf via hair and roared into the male's mind "Victoria! Where is she?!"
Tom found the Elf in response refused to answer him making him angrier in response he gave the death order towards the male. Tom wound up going to multiple Elves in the restaurant repeatedly asking his question regarding Victoria.
He got in response "I don't know who you're talking about!" over and over.
Tom felt his rage hitting him as he proceeded to kill multiple Elves in the shop then heard a siren sounding loudly of an air horn. 
He heard loudly "Come out with your hands up now!"
Tom felt rage still control him did a running jog and smashed himself through the window of the shop's front entrance landing onto the ground via feet. He landed over figures in cop uniforms while having the Berserker in control. He found the cops were trying to knock him down with their electrical guns aiming at him via electrical jolts. Tom recalled his rage controlled him enough to avoid the electricity to mentally give down commands towards the cops knocking them out unconscious. He wound up traveling via the city with the Berserker in control ignoring that he was filmed via feelings including manipulated by Meritanians hitting him. Tom ignored the feelings as he found Elves in the city and kept on roaring his Victoria's question, they refused to answer. He wound up killing multiple Elves in the city in process of not answering his question with a proper answer. This included mostly killing the Elves in front of him via Berserker side in control. 
He wound up mind scanning various manoids while mentally calling "Victoria! Where is she?!" 
Tom found his answer by finding an Elf, a male, kneeling on the ground who protested mentally to him "Don't kill me! I'll tell you what you want! I know where Victoria is!"
He snarled mentally to the Elf while pausing from his attack "Where's Victoria Thunder my mate?!"
He glared at the Elf who spoke in response "She was taken to a travel gate room via transportation and transported out of Terra. I don't know where she went."
He kept on snarling sensing guns aimed at him via lasers indicating bullets "Where's this travel gate?!"
Tom ignored the lasers from the guns to glare at the Elf who spoke "It's in the Red Rock in the middle of Egyptia."
He wound up killing the Elf in response and then using acrobatic moves managed to avoid the cops firing their weapons of bullets onto him. Tom wound up getting himself into a vehicle a Sport Utility Vehicle belonging to an abandoned driver, with a cop's siren included. Tom drove the thing out of Sydney to the Red Rock as it was dubbed using high speeds ignoring that he was followed by helicopter flying overhead, while appearing to be some news crew. He ignored the helicopter to drive fast to the Red Rock finding a set of doors off one side appearing to be the entrance. Tom got out of the vehicle and ignored the helicopter sensed filming him to dart towards the entrance of the Red Rock's doors. He found himself unable to open the doors till an idea came to his mind. Tom formed a surrender gesture, willing aside the Berserker and waited for the helicopter to land followed by two cops coming out to arrest him. He didn't protest as the cops both Humans handcuffed him and hauled him into the helicopter which he proceeded to use combative art training onto the helicopter's inhabitants after it started hovering. Tom found himself able to control the helicopter to bang into the entrance which shattered it including destroying the air vehicle in the process. Tom managed to get out of the helicopter once it made a beeline towards the doors opening them with a crash. He ran through inside and found a large carved tunnel with no lights on. Tom proceeded to use night vision to find the travel gate and found it wasn't guarded by any of the Highlander guards. He recalled thinking an image of Victoria as he went to the gate only to feeling zapping of electricity hitting him making him fall unconscious. 

Tom wound up waking up to find himself chained to a wall to meet the travel gate's guardians the mysterious hidden Humanians led by a Humanian leader named Jon. He recalled that Jon was able to mind scan him deeply in some mind rape method to his disgust, despite not having the Berserker in control.
He wound up told by Jon "Your Victoria was sent through the travel gate with an image of a space station called Annoyov Barack in her mind. She was taken to the space station. The Highlanders escorting her were seen yanking off an object in her hands. The yanking wound up making her turning pale as if poisoned. Followed by pushed through and the Highlanders leaving Humanian nest."
He learned to his disgust Jon added "The Meritanians aka Sages are the same species as the plants in Ireland as it's called and in Canada. Their sentient plant life forms actually Meritanians." 
Tom felt his anger takes control through his angry rages by willing forwards his Berserker and freeing himself from the restraints. He wound up putting the Humanians' leader Jon to sleep finding Humanians around them hitting the floor unconscious. Tom ignored the Humanians and went to the travel gate recalling the Annoyov Barack station's main entrance. He went through the gate to find himself in the abandoned station alone with no lights on. Tom wound up using his senses of tracking Victoria finding she was no where in sight but managed as if compelled to find her in the abandoned Command Center's room unconscious, seated at the table asleep, which ignored him yelling her name. He picked her up, as she was still unconscious, and carried her back to the entrance of the station realizing it was a travel gate and went through with an image of the High Council's home base in his mind. Tom found himself through while holding Victoria to find himself among the High Council's servants who shrieked out cries of shock seeing him. He wound up holding onto Victoria giving out death orders right and left of him towards servants and ran to the High Council's throne room while still holding her. He found the High Council wasn't in their seats as the Souler speaker was there making him angry. Tom then forced himself to stop himself from trying to killing the High Council while in their presence as he held unconscious Victoria. 
He glared at the High Council's empty seats as their speaker spoke "Just scan Victoria's mind now." 
Tom obeyed by reading her mind as she woke up to looked at him in the eyes. He wound up seeing in her mind, her memories remembered restored. Tom willed aside his Berserker side as Victoria wound up falling unconscious. 
He gave the High Council a glare of accusation finding the Souler speaker speaking "Meritanians transport Mindbender and Recorder out and put Mindbender down asleep in the process."
He found their orders obeyed to find himself in his High Council's quarters put down asleep. 

Tom wound up waking up in a calm mood to see Victoria still on the bed with him appearing to be asleep, still unconscious. 
He ignored the Meritanians' broadcasting to him "Mindbender, the High Council has one order for you to do." 
Tom found himself back facing the travel gate where the Humanian Jon was laying with eyes open. He felt a compulsion to do something involving Jon obeyed. He woke up the Humanian Jon as ordered by the Meritanians blaring it to him. Tom found himself transported via Meritanians to the Elves' mental asylum and knocked out via drugged darts hitting him. He wound up unconscious senses something familiar but kept asleep then comes to finding himself in a bedroom with Victoria laying her form next to him on her side. Tom recalled hit with his urges to mate hitting him gets Victoria up to agree to the mating ritual as he kisses her on the lips with her not protesting to it. He once done with the mating ritual found himself knocked out unconscious via a dart hitting his neck to dream of another memory. 

Tom wound up recalling of the High Council insisting on having him to come along with them to the rigors of space ten Human years, after Edenia arrived with Humania to orbit the planet Shadan, now called Aire. He wound up finding himself on an abandoned Shadonian warship in their medical bay for tests to his disgust. Tom recalled the tests were involving him lying down on a bed as medics appearing to be masked Highlanders injected his form with needles all over the place. He wound up to meet a Highlander female who gives name Nichelle. A Zeskaya, he recognized wound up to appear from an open doorway in medical bay holding a wrapped bundle which he places down on the floor then disappear through open doorway. Tom saw the bundle was moving eyed it to see Nichelle picks it up and unwrap it to reveal a cat. 
He found to his disgust Nichelle dropping the cat onto the floor while yelling "Furball!"
He felt further disgust as the cat wound up acting happy to see him by getting onto his front with those needles and tummy sitting onto him. Tom recalled further that the cat indicated it was his cat Missy from the High Council's quarters. He found Missy wound up staying with him in medical bay the entire time the warship gets taken from Shadan to elsewhere, in space unknown. He recalled the medical bay was where the Highlanders are tested mentally and physically for being on the warship by Nichelle the medical doctor as he stayed with the cat. Tom wound up meeting the crew of Highlanders visiting the medical bay.
He found one stopped by to speak to him triggering his Berserker side in control "The High Council is currently seeking worlds that have Meritanian plants that has a mind walking ability like their species do." 
Tom wound up told by Nichelle "The reason for the tests subject Tom is tested for reason, is involving his side effects to why he's successfully breathing the oxygen without any side effects. It reveals that his body gave up some oxygen, involving oxygen for him to breathe. He was using that oxygen to breathe through an oxygen organ turning on his Banshee mind walking power." 
Tom recalled with disgust further that the High Council via a meeting room told him "You're to fly this fighter to Rakcara where we're currently orbiting and find any natives for communicating."
He wound up taught how to fly a fighter plane in the cargo hold of the Shadonian warship and instructed clearly "The Fighter has a computer mind dubbed Eli that is programmed to assist you with your mission. Don't forget what you're to do with the Eli."
He had obeyed to the High Council's latest mission as he flew the fighter plane into the planet from space of the orbiting warship. His senses cued to the planet's Meritanian, as detected sitting in a middle of a lake. He flew over the buildings towering in the sky that seemed vast and made him think the planet was entirely covered with machines. That despite hardly seeing any natural like settings involving forests, that made him turn the fighter all over the planet trying to find a place to land. Tom heard silence from the Meritanian instead of answering his mental yells. He found himself compelled to fly the fighter over an area repeatedly doing flybys. He heard Eli beeping its noises from being attached to the fighter which his eyes focused on a monitor screen reading words translating the computer mind, a brain in a robot's drone's talk.
Eli said "Where are you going? Nothing found indicating life forms or communications from the Meritanian who seems disappeared." 
He spoke “Just a little detour don’t worry.” 
He flew the fighter allowing his senses, indicating the Meritanian to guide him traveling over the buildings till his eye focused on four towers standing separate in a group. He sensed something familiar about them but couldn’t identify them, which he later identified as Guardian towers, twin to the ones in Terra, giving off warning of snowstorms. Tom flew the fighter in an arc around them eyes searching till he found a landing pad which he set down his fighter with a thud. He opened the cockpit top and removed his helmet setting it down besides him. He got up from the fighter and used the ladder to climb down Eli via drone form came down besides him. 
He spoke “Eli, stay.”
He heard a beep noise from the robot as he adjusted his cloak putting on his hood covering his head and walked seeking an entrance. He found one and walked inside feeling his mental senses blare warnings and familiarity at the same time which made him tensed up. Tom willed himself to calm as he walked feeling his sword banging against him that made him feel less tensed. He walked through hallways silent of people with his eyes searching and looking. He paused from walking to shut his eyes using the outer senses to guide him which made him turn in a direction and he opened his eyes walking in that direction. He traveled till he reached a large room that made him think it was an electronic library with consoles in it sitting in silence. Tom went to a console and stared at it as his senses blared warning alerting him of presences in the room hidden. He willed himself to calm keeping his eyes on the console using his Berserker abilities to seek the hidden people. His senses in the Berserker, alerted him of someone was walking towards him in a fast motion which he heard footsteps loudly on his left looked to see a figure walking towards him that he saw was an old woman wearing a dress with some look in her eyes that made him think she wasn’t friendly despite her lips in a frown line. He turned his form towards her as she reached him pausing from walking to stare at him with some look he sensed that she was calculating something. 
Tom spoke after willing aside the Berserker in Summeran language “Hello?”
He eyed the woman who widens her eyes but the calculating look remained. His senses blared warning on both sides of him as he sensed round cylinder objects heading towards him whom he willed the Berserker through via, mental orders to halt their progress and heard clattering sounds as the objects hit the floor. He kept his eyes on the woman as he sensed people darting towards him from hidden spots in the room kept himself calm as he removed his hood from covering his head with a hand. His senses blared warning as his ears heard running footsteps sounding all around him which he clasped his hands to himself and waited as figures came into his eyes sight appearing to be men wearing multiple clothing of different types and holding gun devices in their hands that were pointed at him. He found himself knocked out unconscious by a dart into his neck. 

Tom recalled with disgust waking up from sleepiness in his fighter with Eli beeping hysterically in tones that sounded annoyed. 
He found the computer translating Eli's words "No Rakcar life forms found from scans. Only scattered Human life forms detected in groups around the planet. Mission over. Fly this thing back to warship now."
Tom had felt disgust to realize the reason why the High Council had him do that mission which he flew the fighter back out of the planet to the warship that allowed him entrance. He got out of the fighter plane finding Eli was handing itself off to a Highlander he recognized as Ajax who speed walked away from him without a comment of his mission. 
He wound up sulking staying in his quarters with the cat amusing him and didn't bother to come out till Ajax came by speaking "The High Council want your presence now, Mindbender."
Tom had obeyed to go to the High Council's meeting room that was the medical bay to stand in front of a recorder device held by a Highlander while wearing a listening device. 
He figured to himself "Their on another warship."
Tom found himself listening to the High Council's latest mission "You're to fly the fighter to retrieve this satellite in space. Do it now before it's destroyed."
Tom felt annoyance take hold obeyed to get onto his familiar fighter and went into space despite breathing through his familiar oxygen mask and found the satellite flying in space in a fast move. It took him a bit of fighter maneuvers' to catch that thing via plane's hooks including flying it into the desired warship. He flew recalled with disgust flying that thing into the cargo hold of the lion like species dubbing themselves Maney's abandoned warship and then ordered to return to his warship the Shadonian vehicle, which he obeyed. He wound up spending time sulking in his quarters with the cat that was gnawing onto his books and appearing to be shredding them and eating them to his disgust. 
He felt annoyance take hold when he figured to himself "The cat wasn't fed food for it to survive hence it eating my books."
Tom picked up the cat and went out of the quarters meeting Ajax on the way that blocked him from walking further. 
He glared at Ajax who spoke "When are you going to let your attachment to that furball go enough to eat it? It's food for us and not for you to keep as an amusement toy."
Tom felt rage hitting him found Ajax managed to calm him down by hand onto his chest as he waved bony clawed hands into Ajax's face. He found during his Berserker side in control that he managed to kill the cat as in breaking its neck by hand crushing method. It made him disgust and he was forced to eat the cat's body by the High Council ordering him. 
The High Council wound up telling him "We don't have any nourishment for you to eat while you're aboard this warship. You're to eat this cat period as your nourishment and ration the eating till we arrive to a planet capable of holding Meritanian life forms."
Tom had obeyed to the rationing of eating the cat as his nourishment while contained into his quarters. He only eating a piece of the cat a day, despite disgusted to eat it. Tom found Ajax managed to get him out of the quarters and back to medical bay with another communication with the High Council.
He glared at the recorder as he heard "You're to fly this fighter to the planet we're orbiting and seek out Meritanian life forms now."
Tom had obeyed to flies the fighter to the planet that appeared to be primitive in technology involving space travel. He wound up to feels drawn to tower building without realizing it was the Guardian tower building in the past in Terrania in Americania according to their records. He wound up landing the fighter in Australia, a continent island, as later identified, by compulsion of the Meritanians, to find the plane landed next to a big red rocky mountain sticking out in the tan desert. Tom found the air breathable got out of the fighter and went to the Red Rock as if compelled to put a hand onto it. He wound up running his hands onto the Red Rock while traveling its vicinity entirely till his hand hit cloth. Tom yanked part of the cloth and went inside using night vision. Inside he met an old female with grey white hair that had pointed ears of a Highlander and people who were Highlanders suffering from old age, from the looks of them. He recalled that he didn’t know back then that the Highlanders were keepers of the Red Rock's secret, a travel gate. They were wary of people with the mind walking abilities in them including strangers from the sky. 
It was due to being told "The planet dubbed Terrania, suffering a mysterious plague involving bodies breaking down into rapid old age forms and killing them off via numbers." 
Tom wound up told "The Red Rock, the building in the past was the Emperor of Oceana's palace while underwater with most of Australia underwater. The Oceanans in response to that plague blamed the Highlanders for causing it in response to Humans being declared slaves. Most of the Oceanans killed off Highlanders, living in Egyptia aka Australia and we were the last of them in hiding. We were in hiding with the Meritanians Tank and Merra, assisting us to hide, which the Meritanians now call themselves, Sages and seem more interested in playing jokes by their laughter heard." 
Tom wound up insisting to the Highlanders "My Berserker side involved mental abilities. I have the mental telekinesis abilities in me. By keeping them from darting me with syringe like darts-"
He was interrupted "It tells us that you have the abilities." 
Tom figured to himself "The people are wary of me. It's due to me having the Berserker in control and having a Human appearance. I don’t know why their acting like that." which he allows himself to get knocked out unconscious. 

He recalled himself wakes up restrained in some small arena and gets tested by the people throwing life and death tests at him while freeing himself from the restraints to face the tests and uses his sword that was put on a shelf high above him. He uses the Berserker to bring to him and uses the weapon to defend himself from other weapons’ fire aimed at him along with destroying robots that attack him. 
Tom figures out "The people are testing me on my mental ability. Their expressions on their faces watching me through windows high above in the arena indicates it."
He notices the old Highlander female still has some calculating look on her face in her eyes that makes him suspicious. He sees during a test she’s gone elsewhere which he finds the tests stop senses that their ended puts his sword away and looks around to see a door opening.
Shows the old female walking into the arena who spoke "You're to name your parentage and your servitude group you're serving for I Insists." 
Tom recalled himself speaking "The name is Tom Thunder among the Humans, but among the Highlanders, the High Council group, its Mindbender." 
Tom while mentioning the High Council's name, noticing that the old female has widen eyes and mentions "I came from space which is planetary orbit, via warship with the High Council group seeking out Meritanian life forms on planets. I wasn't told what they had in mind when such a life form wound up found."
He gets asked by the old female "Who taught you the mental abilities involving your alien side?" 
He speaks "The High Council taught me as their dedicated servant for having undivided loyalty towards them."
Tom heard from the female in response mentions "The High Council is welcome to land their warships on Egyptia and live with us Highlanders for protection of our species."
He wound up seeing her eyes widen a bit and recognizes that she’s aware of who he’s talking about. 
Tom senses something is going on as the old female introduces herself "The name is Marisaki Tanaka, the Keeper of the Red Rock and its secrets. I'm the leader of people, all Highlanders, keeping maintenance and hiding in this building. We have managed to gain control of the Red Rock by killing off the former keepers, the Humans in the building. Other Humans have come and go using the building’s contents without bothering to ask for permission first. We have suffered casualties by the Humans' hands whenever we interfere in kicking them out. Hence we wary towards people having the Humanity appearance in them. The tests we threw towards you, like any other Human was to determine your abilities by having you demonstrate them." 
Tom senses "There’s more to the old female's story she is telling me."
He doesn’t comment on that keeps his mouth shut and folds his arms looking like he’s interested on his face. Marisaki, he assumes he’ll call her pauses from talking to look up at the people above them and then again looks at him. 
She wound up adding "It's been a long time since a Human came to the Red Rock as dubbed serving the High Council. We wound up recognized in you from the way you acted towards us which is not what a servant of the Humans. Normally acts which are rude and demanding with orders for us to do things for them along with threatening us harm if we balk the orders."
Tom recalling as if compelled got his mind scanned and heard blaring in his mind "Who's this Human your talking to Marisaki?"
He exhaled a breath recognizing the voice of a Meritanian sounding in a male tone spoke mentally "Meritanians, I presume?"
The Meritanians he heard wound up saying "I'm Walls, I'm Kiddy." he not shocked to hear. 
He wound up hearing more from the Meritanians "Our species are scattered around the galaxy living in planets and that Merra and Tank is one of them from Shadan that returned to live there." 
Tom found the Highlanders in response wound up given him and the High Council a home in a city called Sydney in Egyptia, formerly Australia in Human terms.

Tom recalled boredom and disgust once living in the city. He found himself forced to become a Father raiser towards Highlander children, as in babysitting them. He found the Highlanders teaching him their sign language he recognized was familiar and appeared to be taught by Drainers who have been tight lipped on where they came from with it. Tom kept on recalling that he and the High Council began to grow apart with the group acting like they didn't want him to serve anymore. It was like they not needing him for anything any more. Tom starts having boredom with nothing to do and feeling like he has no purpose in life on Terra, as the planet was called. Tom recalled a memory of himself stared out the window staring at the scenery of buildings with a frown on his face. He exhaled a breath as he stared at the night sky. He shook his head and left the window to one of the two bedrooms to gently open the door to stare in the room lighted by a night light was his latest charge to babysit, a Highlander or Elf, hybrid of Human and Elf, dubbed Anastasia lying asleep on the bed with her dog dubbed Lucas, lying next to her. He stared at the Highlander with a frown and with a hand placed a hand on his face as his mind walking senses became active. 
He heard in his mind and heard from Anastasia “Goodbye, go home.”
Tom recalled what happened next was he blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in front of a round metal arch. He recognized as a gate with the wind blowing in all directions while gasping for breath from the air that seemed to be of gasses. He heard a rumble of an earthquake all around him as he stood facing the gate while gagging for air. He stared at the gate as an image of a cave room came to his mind and he walked underneath the arch. He found himself in an all cave rocky room with an opening in front of him. Tom frowned as he breathed the air deeply finding it was helping him as two Highlanders wearing masked High Council wear clothes arrived with guns in their hands came walking from the opening. He saw them look at each other then pointed their guns at him while hearing click sounds. 
He spoke with annoyance in his tone “Isn’t I punished enough to not serve you, High Council?”
Tom glared at the two Highlanders who looked at each other while hearing click sounds and saw them put away their guns in holsters. He stared at them as they walked forward towards him grabbing his arms. He felt a prick of pain in his arm followed by paralysis as he is dropped to the floor. 
He wound up hearing a Meritanian's voice speak words in his mind "Your babysitter is missing as in transported out by me. He went unconscious by being stung by a prickly plant he and the child encountered walking in the forest. He didn’t know that the plant was poisonous when that happened."
Tom wound up hearing the Meritanian ad "Anastasia is fine and is kicking herself for that forest walk that resulted in her favorite babysitter knocking himself unconscious. Sorry I can't transport him to you. The High Council has him in servitude at the moment." 
He felt himself pulled from the cave room to outside in the sunlight to peer underneath the glare of smelling salt air of the ocean, nothing but the beach. Tom found himself transported off the beach to land onto a rocky group and a needle injected into his neck willing aside the paralysis but sleepiness. Tom recalled himself brought to a chair and pushed in it then feels a needle prick in his neck and goes unconscious. 

Tom wound up remembering another memory of his time serving the High Council in Terra as the planet was now called. 
He wound up ordered by them "You're to go off planet to the Luna space station for a mission."
He had obeyed to use the fighter to land onto Luna followed by having his mind's contents erased by a machine stuck onto the back of his neck, a trick involving medical scans. Tom recalled waking up in a set of quarters wearing his familiar jumpsuit and accompanied a female Elf named Tula as her companion and slave. 
He wound up brings clothes to bench in front of shower stall speaks "I found clothes for the Mistress to wear that I'm putting on bench besides towels." and leaves the bathroom to the bedroom to stand staring out the window. 
Tom senses Tula behind him who is wearing nothing but a towel that drops the towel revealing her naked some what wet and dry form. He gets mating urge that hits him hard. He takes off clothes in front of Tula once naked they go to each other kissing on the lips which he feels charges of pleasure feelings hitting him as they hit the bed and fall in with him on top of her. He mates with her sensing that she is pregnant but continues to mate with her. Once done Tom pulls out and yanks a blanket on their forms which he falls asleep passing out. 

Tom wakes up to feel his mind scanned which he sees that Tula is awake and dressed sitting in a chair looking upset. 
He gets up to get dressed then while speaking verbally "I'm pretty sure that you're pregnant with another male’s child from the way I mated with you." 
She says the name of Ris and then an Elf with a crown and all black eyes on later identifying himself was the Elf's King, the Ian, arrives snarling "Where's this servant slave dubbing himself Jason?"
Tom spoke firmly "I'm Jason-"
He got a "You?!" comment from the King.
He spoke firmly while eyeing the King "This is my mistress Tula who's pregnant with another male's offspring."
He heard Tula hiss out disapproval in her voice tone as the King asks Tula questions about her mate. 
Tula mentioned "His name is Ris."
Then the King orders "Tula to come with me now. I requests Jason to stay here while I find a further purpose for him."
Tom goes to chair and sits staring at the walls with a frown on his face. He hears door open and looks to see a female Elf walking in carrying an offspring an Elf who’s bigger almost toddler age that holds out arms towards him. Tom gets up and takes the child from the female Elf which he holds and holds out an arm towards her which she goes into his embrace with the kid sandwiched between them. Tom is happy to see the female who seems happy to see him too by the kid's approval acting like it. 

("Tom's Adventures in Terra" further explains more of his time on the space station and assimilation into Terra to serve the High Council.)

Tom wound up remembering one incident during his talk, after he arrived to Terra from the Luna space station. He recalled finding himself standing in the throne room of an Elf Queen after waking up from an unconscious status. 
He wound up ordered "You're to kill her."
He saw her was Victoria sitting restrained in a chair by the Queen and told "She’s dying." 
He sees Victoria cough violently obeys to the order and finds himself back in his room of Ran and Rhinna’s house on Uzan via dreaming of it via memory. Tom realizes the killing of Victoria is a dream instead of reality as he remembered. Rhinna, a Keo with Elf appearance but all black eyes and blonde curly hair, comes onto him sexually. He rejects and darts through the doorway to find himself in a hallway with doors on both ends and facing him is a Meritanian who uses leaves from her to grab him and pull him forwards. 
He comes to having the Berserker in control to hear the Meritanian screaming in his mind "Get up!" 
Tom obeyed via compulsion following the screaming noises to find an Elf Queen in a courtyard kneeling with grimace on her face and an Elf male has hands on her cheeks. She appearing to be mind raped despite she screaming while having form sagging in the Elf male's hands as the guards are on the ground unconscious. 
He mentally orders "Male thrown backwards, die." and sees his order obeyed followed by Queen slumping onto the ground. 
He feels something like a mask of oxygen put onto the lower half of his face willing aside his Berserker, as stick objects hit him on the back of his head repeatedly along with knees kicked forcing him to kneel and feels sleepiness passes out unconscious. 

Tom wound up coming to finding himself lying in bed with Victoria lying next to him unconscious. He sighed feeling himself happy to hold Victoria who was slumped over in his grips in bed.
He kissed her on the lips as she gave up "Mm Tom." 
Tom found himself transported to the High Council's presence as Ajax clad in High Council robe, came into view picking up, Victoria's laptop from the floor. He eyed Victoria in response who slumped over as if mentally put out asleep. He was compelled to stand up while still holding her followed by Ajax disappeared in a flash of lightening show making him get annoyed from it. He frowned as the room changes to show himself surrounded by manoids he recognized as Highlanders, Elves with white hair as dubbed, displaying oldness while wearing grey robes, of the religious group the Grays, in a circle gathered around a stone table with writings on it in language he doesn't get it at first. Tom wound up getting the language via research later to learn it was Japanese script in English reading style from left to right. 
He remembers the language on the stone table said "This is our sanctuary, only we allowed here." 
Tom saw the Highlanders ignore his presence, to see Ajax put Victoria's laptop on the table which he figured "It is involving their religious customs." 
He continued to hold a sleeping Victoria in his arms. 
He hears from Walls abruptly "The war between Tom himself and the Highlanders must end for the sake of Victoria he has proven to hold value to him." 
He after sensing the Meritanian gone from his mind goes to the stone table and puts Victoria on it and then backs away to stand. He eyes Ajax who put the laptop on the table fall backwards caught by Highlanders and lowered to the floor. He feels sleepiness hitting him jerks from that and passes out unconscious to floating above his body seeing himself lying on the floor with his Berserker side in control. He saw Highlanders gathered around in a circle, staring at him as one bent down removing his top from his body via cutting it with a knife, and appears to be feeling his upper body with a hand all over not sparing his arms. Tom saw that his arms and shoulders had an armored Souler like form he shocked to see from knowing he didn't have that before. Tom found himself passing out unconscious as if compelled.

Tom wound up coming to hearing voices speaking despite feeling paralysis hitting his body, he unable to move.
He heard "We are already aware of the Keo and Banshee connection from finding a nest in Ireland. It was when we were looking for remains of a Meritanian named Merra, who's said to have pieces of her transported to Ireland. We confronted one of the Keo on that later which the Queen of theirs arrived and told our servant to keep his mouth shut on that talk involving Merra. He wound up having his mind deeply scanned followed by turning insane like a lunatic when he returned to Egyptia. Lucky for us the Meritanians erased his lunacy and got confirmation that Merra is in Ireland. He also confirmed that a Wiser put pieces of Merra all over Americania in Terranians terms, but the nation is Canada in Human terms. The Merra plant in Canada wound up kicking out survivors of the plague, as in transporting them to Europe after multiple people died off of this old age status, dubbed plague. Something the natives of Terrania never seen before and didn't realize it was a normal part of a planetary cycle." 
He felt himself confused on what happened to him and Victoria, after he was knocked out as in transported to some place where there were Highlanders there to see one put a bundle on a stone table. Tom recalled ordered by someone talking to him mentally that anger between him and the Highlanders must end which he put Victoria down on the table then passed out. Only to wake up to fight a Souler clad in blue armored bodysuit including a barrel shaped helmet, as the species were still called, in some physical combat battle involving acrobatics and karate abilities. He wound up shocking himself with the abilities coming naturally to him via karate and acrobatics as he fought the Souler with his Berserker side in control. He managed to subdue the Souler as in knocking him onto the floor kept down via foot onto the male's chest. 
The Souler to his shock then shifted into a Highlander wearing a grey robe that said "I yield." 
Tom wound up hearing via voice in his mind sounding Meritanian "You're ordered to scan that Highlander." 
He did and saw a scene as if shown him in his mind about what happened to his Mother by another point of view. A Keo there blabbed to the Queen about Geellen shooting his Mother. Geellen retaliated by calling the male a traitor due to that the Queen didn’t want his Mother killed off but wanted Tomah to do the killing off herself. He continued with the mind scanning as if compelled another memory he recalls seeing another scene of two Keo arriving into the throne room carrying a girl child identified as Thura. They were talking about some machine causing Thura to go deaf and lose her talking ability from her being in the machine site’s vicinity. He sees Thura’s expression on her sleeping face remain the same as if not hearing the talk. The Keo, that blabbed to the Queen of his Mother's killing wound up, turning out to be one of the Queen’s guards suggested to the Queen to have Geellen raise Thura with his own offspring as punishment for disobeying the Queen and that she had yet to give out a punishment. The Queen he saw wound up taking up the suggestion. Tom wound up compelled to will aside his Berserker which he obeyed to find the Souler was really a Highlander in a grey robe. He removed his foot stepping back with arms folded a glare on his face. Tom didn't comment a word as another Highlander put a mask involving oxygen onto his face ordering him to breathe which he obeyed passing out unconscious.

(See story, Deceiving Appearances)

"Transporting that renegade servant to you wouldn't be proper." He hears via his mind sounding of Walls' voice.
He again heard via his ears "I'm asking you for an idea for controlling that servant." he heard an out of sight but within the vicinity Highlander. 
He frowned while hearing while feeling himself unconscious hit with paralysis "Transport would be possible?"
He heard a no followed by Walls speaking "Excuse me." and saying "I'm currently finding anyone in the vicinity to counter attack this servant, despite he having hand on the ground to detected anyone anywhere near him." 
He continued to hear from the Meritanian "That servant via observation has indicated that this being isn't fully human. He appears has some kind mental mind ability related to putting hand on the ground to scan for anyone nearby and out of sight as well." 
He heard from the voice a Highlander speaking "I'm asking you if this mind ability is only activated by having hand on the ground."
He hears an "hmm, hmm." comment.
Tom recalled his time in Shadan to mentally speak to Highlander. "Hmm, mm, is Human speaks for yes. Walls, does this Human have some mind detecting scanned ability involving you scanning him?" 
He got in response another hmm, hmm from the Meritanian along with feeling a needle dart injected into his neck putting him into a see through box in his mind. Tom grimaced seeing via his mind of himself transported to a forest jungle and acting gonoid like. He kept on grimacing seeing himself chasing a figure a male, appearing to look like a Souler via armor but actually a Human blood drinker dubbed Nikolas. Nikolas he knew was from Shadan that got transported off planet by Ramses after a death of the High Council group. Nikolas, he saw was on horse back through the forest jungle. He wound up watching himself chasing Nikolas like an acrobatic athlete and monkey, flying through the forest jungle easily and gonoid like. He kept on watching as if compelled as Nikolas halted the horse and pulled out his sword followed by him jumping up to grab the male knocking him off the gonoid. Tom found himself back in control of his body via coughing hitting him. He found Nikolas lying on the ground appearing to be unconscious with a bloody nose. Tom sighed and pulled out a hand gun appearing to be a dart gun from his zippered pocket and injected the contents into Nikolas's neck. He picked up Nikolas who remained still and carried him finding the horse no where in sight to his disgust. Tom carried Nikolas tracking the forest's paths till he sensed them both followed. He reached a bridge of flimsy ropes and wooden steps to walk on it. Tom heard a roaring noise as he dropped Nikolas onto the bridge followed by darting off it into the bushes. He wound up hiding to see a manoid with a Humanoid shape and big fanged teeth and clawed hands came walking onto the bridge heading towards Nikolas while giving off slurping noises. Tom felt disgust take hold as he went to the edge of the bridge one of the ropes. He with a karate chop broke the rope in pieces. Tom found the being a vampire he figured out what it was sliding off the bridge while clinging to Nikolas who fell appearing to be unconscious into the water down below. He exhaled a breath and without a word made a trek through the forest jungle to find a way to the river to pick up Nikolas. 
It took him days and nights ignored by the Meritanians he yelling at them "Tell the High Council to transport me out!"
Tom wound up hearing from Walls repeatedly "Not till you do your mission."
He felt disgust hearing Walls' comment obeyed to track Nikolas to a shanty town holding various manoids of Elves, Soulers and Humans. He found his efforts to walk into the shanty town like a native noticed by natives walking besides him halting their work, including via compulsion walking him out of town to his disgust, leaving him having to use nighttime to capture Nikolas. Tom found one of natives out and about like a guard while walking in the shanty town. He found the native ignored him sneaking around still unable to find Nikolas. Tom wound up going to the bushes only to hear a shout of surprise behind him to find the familiar guard was there thrusting his spear weapon aimed at his chest while speaking gibberish in an angry tone. Tom felt annoyance take hold used karate to break the spear in half followed by kicking it out of the male's hands that darted away from him yelling of terror. Tom gave chase to manage to corner the male with back to the tree yelling out sounds of terror. He heard a roar sounding familiar behind him ducked into an acrobatic move as he found a male, he recognized as Nikolas came out of the bushes. Tom eyed Nikolas to find the male attacked the guard who appeared to have a leaking bloody nose and appeared to be sucking him by mouth onto the male's neck. He felt disgust take hold only to find the bushes rumbled showing various natives of the town that surrounded him with spears and felt his Berserker side willed away via compulsion. Tom found himself forced to surrender to the natives which two of them appearing to be armored Soulers grabbed his arms and hauled him away from Nikolas. The Soulers appeared to be mind scanning him resisting to his efforts to free himself via karate, as if anticipating the moves. Tom found himself guided to the stocks wooden boards with holes in them and locked into them. He found the Soulers kept their guard nearby him as he was forced to peer at the bushes where Nikolas was. He kept on watching as Nikolas was hauled out minus his clothes he yelling gibberish, he unable to translate. Tom kept on watching as Nikolas was locked into another pair of stocks followed by two Soulers appearing via hidden state putting hands on top of the male's head. He watched as Nikolas slump unconscious followed by the Soulers going up to him to put hands on top of his head. Tom found himself falling backwards falling a lengthy time period, till his seat hit something, his mind refused to identify. His mind wiped of his identity and he didn't know what happened to him till the High Council got their hands onto him and restored his memories. He recalled as memories came to his mind found himself in a boat as called slipping through the fast river with a homing beacon indicating it trailing it in the water. Tom recalled lying in the boat with no memories of who he was along with no clothes on his form. He was naked like a new born baby and nothing to eat as the sunlight shined over head. Tom wound up sick throwing up liquid out of his mouth via body's compulsion doing it that spilled onto the boat in some white substance. The white substance according to the High Council on further tests onto him was involving the nourishment he had taken off the banana fruit trees that settled into his stomach enough to reject it. The liquid tasted awful to Tom after throwing it up repeatedly. He managed with the liquid sticking to him to explore the boat to find the rope holding the homing beacon. Tom wound up cutting his hand onto the rope a piece of wire causing himself to bleed. The bloody status leaked onto the boat till he put his hand into the water and felt pain, making him yank his hand out. Tom found his hand quit bleeding but was still in pain. He found land gone as he was out in the ocean of the Atlantic Ocean as identified by the High Council that tracked where he went, via satellites after he was picked up by slavers. The slavers according to the High Council were picking up Humans abandoned in boats with homing beacons to bring to Egyptia as slaves. The Highlanders, servants of the High Council still using the Highlander name instead of Elf, in Egyptia were paying slavers really Humans, brainwashed to be loyal to the Highlanders to do this pickup method and bring the abandoned Humans to Egyptia's island of Zealand for processing. Tom, according to his restored memories, was picked up by a slaver boat, while riding on top of a shark, hands holding the fin. He wound up recalling that his hand leaked again followed by putting it into the water to ease the leaking. It leaked into the water to attract a shark to attack the boat. Tom recalled the shark succeeded into flipping the boat over and he was dumped into the water to fight the shark. Tom didn't realize it at the time but his hands via palms, touching gonoids would make them friendly with him and Humans to be domesticated. He wound up touching the shark that allowed him to get on top and rode it to a boat that spotted them both. The shark according to the High Council wound up caught and used as food while Tom was put aboard the slavers' boat unconscious, and remained drugged asleep. The boat wound up picking up five other Humans followed by going to Zealand, aka New Zealand in Human named terms. It was where Tom and Humans were woken up and chained and forced out of the boat down the gangplank to the auction house where they were to be paraded and auctioned for Elves to pay for using as slaves. Tom wound up recalling that the Elves had a bidding war against each other when they bid for him. He found out the bidders was the High Council via servant Ajax who recognized him via his appearance and against another bidder a family representative representing the Tanaka Family. The Tanaka family via Ambassador according to the Meritanians recognized Tom as a High Council servant via his scars indicated bullet wounds.
Tom wound up told that the representative was sensed thought "He's been discarded as a High Council servant. I'll see if I can get him to serve us to tell what the High Council did to him." 
Tom found out that Ajax soon won the bidding war by the Elves ordering the Tanaka family's Ambassador unanimously "Stop bidding! Tell your representative to find someone else as slave!"
Ajax, according to the High Council once was declared the winner quit the bidding onto other Humans and went to have Tom processed to the High Council's personal plane. It was where Tom was mind scanned and found his mind wiped and the Meritanians balking on restoring when yelled mentally to do it.
Instead the Meritanians via Walls said "He needs to be restrained with his female to help him remember. He'll act out in murderous rages once his memory is restored. It's from knowing Humans doing that when they get their memories restored."
Tom recalled that Ajax got him transported to Victoria's High Council quarters chained to the bed by Victoria doing it followed by screaming his head off once his memories were restored. 
He wound up told by Victoria once he was calmer "You were screaming too much enough to cause my ears to hurt. I had to use the Master abilities to protect me including getting a pillow over your face to muffle your noises."
He wound up once he quit his screaming freed from the chains by Victoria and mated with her using the top position till a Meritanian blared "Excuse me! Get off! Mindbender is wanted elsewhere!" 
Tom found himself forced to stand and wound up facing a rocky wall and felt his neck injected with a drug putting him out unconscious. 

He later learned he was transported to the caves belonging to the Tanaka family on their land in Zealand who used Ajax to pay for his bidding price followed by using Meritanians to transport him to them. Tom came to feeling himself wearing chain manacles on his wrist. He opened his eyes and discovered he’s in rocky dungeon cell and that the hands are hidden despite them hitting him. He looks around and finds a hooded figure with a feminine clothes of a dress standing behind cell bars staring at him while he’s chained to the wall wearing only pants on his form that feel too short for him despite the length barely reaching his ankles. 
He stares at the female frowning thinking "I'm wondering what’s going on?" and flinches from a flash of light flashing in his face indicating a camera. 
He continues to stare at the female form that walks away like she’s stomping. He frowns wondering what’s going on then the female is back. He finds himself freed by hidden hands and shivers from the cold seeing himself standing in some kind of castle courtyard in some snowstorm. The area he learns later is called Alaska in Human terms, but in Terrania's terms it was Shonsurra, the nation, in Elves' terms it's still referred as Shonsurra including the Human's nation of Japan. Tom gets grabbed by two figures wearing gonoid skin clothing appearing to be covered up hiding their species from him, from memory and haul him inside the castle. He’s brought to a throne room and sees a female form seated on the chair wearing some kind of hood with white cloth covering the face and forced to kneel near her. He frowns as another gonoid skin person arrives carrying a jug along with a tube. One of them grabs his face while another wound up indicating it's for putting a feeding tube in and holds it up as the tube is placed in his mouth via force. It's held in place via other manoids doing it and restraining him, via mind scanning him despite his resistance. He found his mind scanned and nothing to indicate the Berserker in control. Tom wound up watches as the person pours the jug’s contents into the tube he sees is white stuff and feels better from that to roll his eyes. He didn't realize at the time he was drugged with a drug to make him dependant onto it. He feels regret when the feeling ends which he opens his eyes and feels sleepiness shuts his eyes sliding to the floor. 

Tom comes to finding himself in bed wearing pants and boots on his form along with some kind of jacket leaving his chest bare. He sits up looking around discovering he’s in a stone like room and looks at the bed to see a female form is lying on it wearing a dress which he stares at. He saw the female was a Highlander he recognized as Marisaki in a younger form and not in her old age form. He feels an urge to mate hit him kisses Marisaki on the lips that wake up from senses cued to her and feels her hands touching his cheeks. He breaks off kiss to rub a hand from her cheek to her skirt part of the dress lifting it up and gets no protest from her as he settles himself on top of her while freeing himself from his pants. He finds that Marisaki has no barriers blocking his way enters her and mates with her then once done pulls out then lies next to her holding her in a hug falling unconscious. 

Tom recalled to his disgust that he becomes a sex machine mates with Marisaki repeatedly from time to time while active in the castle hanging around the natives who keep themselves covered up in his presence. Tom finds that the mating results in Marisaki via senses cued to her, expecting an offspring which he cuts off doing the mating. He doesn’t leave Marisaki alone while she’s carrying she lying in bed groaning and moaning from the offspring growing inside her in some fast growth pregnancy. He only expresses interests in her to feel her abdomen for the baby’s movements as it grows inside her. Its despite she yelling at him gibberish talk he didn't get till later was Japanese language yelling at him not to touch her or she'll die, which he obeys. He gets waken up from sleep from Marisaki punching him in the face puts a hand on her neck while glaring at her.
Only to get from her broadcasting within his mind "My water broke and that the baby will be born soon and needs help birthing it." 
He wills forwards the Berserker despite her protests of "Hey, you idiot!"
Tom scans her mind to realize that she’s not kidding about it yanks off the blanket off the bed and goes to the door. 
He wound up recalling one of the natives via mental mind talk saying to him "I'm telling you to turn on a lantern next to the door outside in the hallway if you and Mistress needs medical help. Help will arrive for you both." 
He proceeds to do and leaves the door open. Tom holds Marisaki up from behind in a sitting position while feeling her hands tighten on his arm along with her tensed up from time to time. People arrive and help her give birth to a girl offspring that looks more like an Elf child which Tom knows he didn't father her despite Marisaki snarling angrily in her Japanese language. He recalled her via translation snarling insults at a male he assumed was an Elf like her. Tom feels himself urged to sleep letting go of Marisaki's arms feels sleepy passes out unconscious. 

Tom wound up coming to face the High Council while in Shadan with their familiar speakers there, via memories jumbled up mixing everything, and via drugged withdrawal. 
He wound up hearing from Onya "What did you do towards Natasha as she wishes to be called Mother of your Victoria suffering from a mental problem?"
He spoke recalling what the High Council wanted to know "I mentally told the voice insulting in her mind to go away which happened."
Tom clamped his mouth shut as Onya was heard "Who else did you do this to?"
He spoke "I did that to my Mother raiser a Freeloader Queen but her mental problem was repeatedly hitting her over and over. It got to the point that I had to quit doing this mental ability onto her and help her cope with it."
Tom stiffened as the Speaker added "Are you willing to accept that Victoria may have this problem. She'll have to learn to cope instead of you doing your mental abilities onto her?"
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "You're trying to tell me that Victoria is showing signs of that problem."
Tom clamped his mouth shut to get in response "When's the last time you mentally scanned Victoria's mind hmm?"
He inhaled to speak "I've stayed out of her mind out of respects to her ordering me that."
Tom heard "Then how did you help your Mother raiser cope with this mental illness in question?"
He groaned softly and spoke firmly "I told my Mother raiser to get the insults out of her mind via talking about it or writing it down when it was obvious my mental abilities couldn't help her."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to hear "How long do you think Victoria had this problem hmm?"
Tom spoke firmly "I have no idea at the moment."
He formed a thin line with his mouth as he heard from Onya again "The problem started manifesting the moment she wound up given the ability to tell jokes from the Meritanians' playing that triggered it."
Tom grimaced hearing the Speaker's words as he formed the expression on his face followed by hearing "That's why she was ordered to type down only what she hears via ears and via mind. Just to see if she can tolerate this mental illness issue. The mental illness issue has her been tested heavily by the First Ones living in the nation of Fatherland as named by us."
He groaned softly as the Speaker continued talking "Victoria was told to put down the insults of the mental illness any way she could which doesn't matter if it's typing or writing it down. Her typing for too much time is her way of trying to get stories she thinks of while trying to avoid the insulting spoken in her mind. She has kept the habit of typing since the illness manifested. We confess to you that we told her to keep up her writing career and use the stories she has typed down for others to read. She currently has been thinking of typing a story involving one of her typed notes regarding her issues with us, in an unflattering light that we didn't approve of. Hence the mind raped done onto her. Besides it was Victoria who asked us to tell you her mental problem."
He hissed a breath loudly to feel the Falcons' hands onto his arms become more ironclad as he spoke as if compelled "Does the Highlanders, or Elves, themselves know of this?"
Tom forced himself to be calm to hear in response "It's Walls. The Grays as they wish to refer already knows of this mental issue hitting Victoria. Mindbender appears to blames himself for causing Victoria to be mentally ill something he saw in other offsprings of his mostly focused onto the males of his family line. Unfortunately the mental illness isn't from Horus the father, but from the Mother of Victoria despite Mindbender aware of that. Mindbender blames himself for not doing anything to prevent the mental illness from manifesting within Victoria. He at the moment is currently taking out his blame onto the High Council using them as his anger source for not protecting Victoria properly. Mindbender has always displayed this angry attitude towards the High Council and himself, he blames for not protecting Victoria whenever she wounds up hurt with anything physical. That's all I can tell you by the High Council telling me to shut up."
Tom exhaled a breath and heard from the Speakers "Transport Mindbender out now!"
He found himself in the TV room in his apartment in city of Sydney, with the TV still on blaring, he waking up from a sleeping status, fully withdrawn from the drug. He noticing Sable his residence furry cat, sitting on the couch that gave up a meow in a questioning tone. He sighed and went to sit down onto the couch and focused his attention onto the TV finding a commercialized program for women he clicked channels via remote. Tom found a talk show to focus onto it appearing to be for women by the issues they were talking about. He groaned feeling himself bored of the show clicked off TV and got up walking out of the TV room hearing nothing from Sable. Tom wound up looking around the apartment looking for Victoria to find her in the Master bedroom seated in an armchair laptop on her lap she typing furiously away with rapid fire typing and having the Master in control. 
He sighed and made a motion to leave the bedroom to hear "Tom."
Tom didn't say a word went into the bedroom finding Victoria looking at him with Human blue eyes in a questioning look by the expression on her face like she expected him to say something.
He spoke firmly "Excuse me I didn't want to disturb your typing. You made it clear that I wasn't to disturb you whenever you're typing in question."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Victoria who frowned before she spoke "I admit it I'm on medication for the mental illness issue I take every day at the same time religiously. The medication sort of helps me cope to the point the words, isn't disturbing me. I've managed to use my imagination of daydreaming various fiction scenarios to avoid hearing the words to the point that I've been typing those stories down. Mostly for hours ignoring everything all around me and not doing much but typing in question hence the High Council furious with me on my useless typing."
Tom sighed softly and went to Victoria to kneel in front of her while taking her hand she not resisting.
He spoke recalling Alesia "My Mother raiser had a twin problem involving your mental health issue. It was I when aware of her problem who told her to not to keep the overheard words or voices to herself instead talk it out or put down in writing or something like that. She took me literally and had been doing that for while she raised me."
He sighed feeling Victoria's hand squeeze his hand in response as he added "My Mother raiser had a weird way of raising me. I later learned what it was when I first raised one of Thura's children while underneath the High Council. I didn't feel like my Mother raiser raised me via parental love. I felt like I was raised to amuse her like for amusement toy towards her and her people. The High Council pointed out this weird way of raising me when they had me raise one of my own children via Thura. They were testing me on how I would react to raising a child of mine. The amusement attitude wound up figured out later by Thura who told the High Council of that who pointed it out to me. Thura wound up admitting to me just prior to her dying that it was her who pointed out the weird way I was raised to the High Council."
Tom sighed and then continued "I admit it. I was furious to discover how I was raised by the High Council pointing out this amusement attitude by my Mother raiser displayed towards me. It took me a long time to forgive my Mother raiser. Thura just prior to dying got me to speak words of forgiveness towards my Mother raiser. It took me awhile while mourning Thura's passing to accept what my Mother raiser did to raise me."
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling like he had an enough of talking to frown while eyeing Victoria who leaned forwards and gently kissed him on the forehead. He sighed from her kiss as she broke it off and let go of his hand to resume typing onto the laptop with a concentration look on her face. Tom sighed again and forced himself to get up leaving Victoria alone to wander around the apartment fully exploring the bedrooms containing kids' stuff to notice that there were two rooms each having a theme in them. Tom took a look in one bedroom to find a theme involving awards in karate he finding various tournaments trophies and medals he saw involved just himself starting at the time he started living in Sydney, of when he lived in Terra from the pictures. He saw that he in the pictures still had his long hair this time dyed in a bushy brown color instead of smooth black he had currently. Tom eyed the room fully before noticing it was twin sport themed to another bedroom. He left the room and went to the desired bedroom to discover it featured a sport dubbed football, involving himself again playing as on a professional team in Europe for Humans. The sport was involving kicking a black and white spotted ball with his teammates, within a boundary field and trying to get the ball into a goal net guarded by a goalkeeper and blocked by other players of opposition team. 
He found football themed items in the room he thought to himself "I must have earned all this stuff from playing football."
Tom recalled himself playing sports from his time in high school in Shadan, he recalling "I got to skip taking physical education classes from me being heavily active in sports at the high school by the teacher telling me I didn't need to take it. There was fellow students who did the same as I, sometimes was able to avoid physical education classes if he was heavily involved in a sport playing on the team mostly as a main player mostly happened. I mostly played in team sports the teachers talking me out of stand by alone sports by threatening to give me a bad grade. They talked me out of playing for a stand alone sports called wrestling including keeping me from doing it publicity despite still used for training students on how to wrestle opponents."
He sighed to hear a sigh sound behind him to turn around with a start finding an Elf male wearing a football coach uniform in the room with him a frown on the male's face. Tom frowned while eyeing the male he recognized as his football coach who pulled out an object he recognized as girl's doll toy and with a groan placed it onto the bed before stepping back groaning loudly. He frowned as the male dubbing himself McCarty, disappeared in a light show to hear a door knocking sound on the shut door. He opened to find Victoria carrying her laptop in her hand giving him a questioning look.
He sighed and spoke "McCarty my football coach stopped by to drop something off. Sorry he didn't stick around for a chat with me or you either."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria who looked passed him to notice she spotted the doll toy on the bed before focusing onto him she speaking "That toy in question that McCarty dropped off belonged to himself. It was an accidental gift given to his son mistaken as a girl from his long hair that happened soon after he became coach. He gave that toy to his son to hold on while recovering from surviving a painful disaster as the only survivor of the plane crash. McCarty when asked admits he kept that toy on his person soon after his son's ended its life span in memory of his offspring to not able to parent him. I suspect that McCarty was here to drop the toy off was from being ready to give it up. He told me he'll do that drop off when he's ready to give the toy up and focus onto his own life. He admits the reason he became a football coach was to coach males in place of his son something he couldn't do to his own son. Hence his attachment towards you in question and he giving up the toy in place of giving up that attachment."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Victoria formed a grimace on her face indicating she was hearing something bad. 
He gulped and spoke "Victoria, just ignore the noises. Keep on focusing onto your typing your story."
Tom frowned as Victoria without a word left the room slamming the door with a bang sound, he grimaced hearing. He groaned softly and left the bedroom going to the TV room intending to watch TV. He found the scene shifted to show another hallway he recognized belonged to the headquarters to the Fatherland's football team.
Tom entered the hallway only to freeze as his senses blared warning unexpectedly to hear blaring "Hit the men's room in a fast move and make it appear that you're sick with throwing up now."
Tom frowned hearing the Meritanian's words obeyed to meet cops inside that spoke "Good here put this bullet proof vest on now. Executive president triggered the police alarm indicating he has a problem at the moment."
Tom obeyed put the bullet proof vest on seeing widen eyes from the three cops while recalling he kept his form muscular via training exercises he threw himself into religiously. He buttoned up his plaid jacket and left the men's room wiping his mouth repeatedly with his sleeve as he reached the doorway leading to the hallway to the President's office. He found his backpack sitting outside the men's room on the floor looking bulky and heavy to him to his disgust. Tom picked up the backpack and walked to the President's office, despite annoyed with the heaviness feeling.
Tom opened the door to the office carrying his backpack to walk inside to hear "That's far enough freak."
He exhaled a breath as the President stood up from his desk with both hands up. He saw while peering from behind the President, was a male he recognized to be calling himself Danny Jackal from the football team holding a handgun poking the male's back who was grimacing fully. Tom slowly put his backpack onto the floor and held up his hands into a surrender gesture seeing Danny form a glare seeing him. 
He didn't comment a word as Danny spoke while jabbing the gun further into President Ward's head "Open the backpack of yours now, freak!"
Tom obeyed to squat and slowly opened the backpack only to cough as smoke billowed from it making his eyes water. He coughed dropping himself to the floor lying while coughing as there were twin coughing sounds.
Tom heard "No! You can't do that to me! I'll kill you for that!" 
He coughed himself unconscious as he heard a gunshot sound followed by pain hitting his shoulder. It felt like a bullet hitting the area as he passed out unconscious to dream a memory as if compelled. Tom stood in front of the High Council, via Shadan facing their Speakers, with disgust running through him. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "You haven't bothered to mind scan Kayra haven't you hmm?"
He spoke "Get to the point High Council and leave my offspring out of your business with me." 
Tom narrowed his eyes with a glare as there was a flash of light followed by revealing Barry flaring golden eyes sideways looking in his direction before losing the eyed look and looking at the High Council. 
He heard from Barry "I just came from Zesky Hospital who got their hands onto Kayra. Your suspicion of her medical condition was confirmed and proven. I managed to tell Victoria of it during her awake from her sleeping status. She didn't take the news very well at all but she took the information you ordered me to give her fine enough."
Tom spoke as Barry looked in his direction "What's going on?"
Barry, he eyed formed a frown and spoke "I'm sorry Tom but your daughter has an offspring First One medical condition that hits offsprings of First Ones dubbed by this word of Leukemia which can be terminal without medical help."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips sensing that the Builder wasn't kidding on his words as Barry kept talking "I confess that the High Council figured out a medical cure for First One offsprings having that medical condition and have only been sharing that with select people who have offsprings having that condition who in return serve the High Council for various jobs they throw them to do in payment for healing of their offspring." 
He felt his mood become foul hearing Barry's words seeing the Builder give him a familiar expression on his face he recognized on wanting him to talk period. 
Tom spoke firmly "What job does the High Council have in mind for me? Besides I still want a life among the First Ones anyway. I aim to keep that life with Victoria period even if I have to serve the High Council." 
He clamped his mouth shut as he formed a glare on his face to eye the High Council to hear from Shad "Ah Barry kindly get Mind Bender properly attired for the job we have in mind. Be sure to clearly detail what he should know of doing this job while you're at it." 
Tom felt himself freed from the hands of the Falcons to fold his arms as Barry was heard speaking Builder talk to find himself in the medical bay.
Barry speaking to him "I'm ordered by the High Council for you to get onto a bed for testing onto your shoulder from the bullet hitting the area."
He obeyed and found the doctor didn't seem lengthy with the testing said "His shoulder isn't indicating of anything of tearing despite the bullet hitting the area. He still needs rehabilitation to recover mobility to the area."
He got up from the bed once done tested and found a masked High Council servant thrusting him clothes he recognized were twin to the servant's wear including underwear, socks and shoes. He found to his confusion the outfit included a mask that covered his head and neck entirely in a loose but tight fashion while only leaving his eyes bared. He eyed Barry with arms folded finding nothing to indicate of gloves to him as the Builder spoke Builder chatter to find himself in a gate room. He gave Barry a glare who spoke Builder chatter to find his mind scanned by the Meritanians along with information blaring in his mind. He found the information was about a bunch of species meeting in stadium in Rakcara hosted by the Rakcar species who sent out a distress signal of their own planetary weapons firing onto their planet and that they have refused to explain the destruction going on kept on insisting on wanting help with putting down some battery dubbed Mesan's Curse they hooked up. 
He heard from Barry after finishing Builder chatter "The High Council expects you to assassinate who they order you to assassinate period so go through the gate now." 
He got an image in his mind obeyed to come into a vast room via doorway having a reptilian like Humanoid sitting in a metal chair wearing a crown of the sun on the head and a skirt while accompanied by a Drainer that growled and waved fists aimed at him. He heard whining squeals sounds sounding familiar to find three reptilian Humanoids appear in front of him stinking of some stink that made him grimace while wearing metallic clothing on their forms that appeared to look him up and down before fading from view which he walked further into the room. 
Tom walked till the reptile crowned humanoid sang words translated by the Drainer spoke in Basic "Says that's close enough so stop your walking now." 
He obeyed to narrow his eyes aimed at the reptile singer he assumed was the crowned humanoid sitting in the chair who sang again words translated by the Drainer "Says we ask High Council help and this is what they sent us? Some brain washed Human into serving them?"
Tom spoke in Basic words not translated by the Drainer "Cut your insults and get to the point of your distress now."
He willed forwards the Banshee and waved a clawed hand towards the singer who appeared to gulp from throat seen before willing the Berserker form aside and folded his arms while narrowing his eyes aimed at the reptilian Humanoid.
Tom glared in response as the singer sang again words translated by the Drainer "Says we Rakcar have a war with an invasive species dubbed by the name of Mesan's Curse a name for the walking dead. Their named that name for coming back to life after their reportedly killed by our weapons whatever it is. The species we dubbed them invasive reportedly came from some travel gate and has been invading us for a lengthy time period. They have been trying to take control of Rakcara. They have succeeded in gaining control of our planetary defense weapons and is currently on and off firing it at power sources in Rakcara that are vital to our lives including destroying our efforts to get control of the weapons back. We have discovered traitors among the Rakcaran species who agree with Mesan's Curse by them doing brain washing and are hindering our efforts to take control of our planetary defense weapons including the source of the trigger firing the weapons."
He felt compelled to speak spoke sounding of sarcasm to his annoyance "So? What do you expect the High Council to help you with in this matter? We're planet bound and can only travel via travel gates. We do not have the technology to travel via off planet nor do we can travel to your home world planetary location. You have been sabotaging us and our efforts to learn your planetary world's location via off planet means including other ways of learning the location included. You also have been sabotaging us on our efforts to learn technology your people created we were hoping to use for our warriors to our own purposes. What do you have to say about this hmm?"
Tom glared at the singer who appeared to gulp again before singing words translated by the Drainer "Says we Rakcar are desperate for help that we'll do anything for it. What you wish to learn from us we will gladly give you anything."
He felt himself still compelled to speak spoke "Didn't you speak those words to us High Council before when it was obvious you had a problem of an invasive species only to break your word on giving us anything?"
He saw the singer's eyes narrow with a glare forming followed by singing words translated "Says are you making me a liar of my words regarding giving the High Council anything? We're quite desperate at the moment."
Tom spoke still feeling the compulsion "Desperate is a pathetic word for a species to speak in times of trouble when they expect help only to use the help for their own gain instead of giving the helper what was oath. Why should we High Council bother to help you with your time of desperation? You have proven time and time again over and over to break oaths regarding us helping you with your problems. Don't come calling us again. We'll call you when it's appropriate." 
He turned around unfolding his arms walking towards the doorway to hear the singer singing something but nothing said from the Drainer. Only to feel a charge of electrical jolts hitting him from behind making him feel unable to move. He saw the floor rising up to meet him felt it on his form shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling electrical jolts hitting his neck feeling metal clamped around the area despite still having head clad in his mask. He jerked open his eyes with a start to find a grey cloudy sky in his eyesight with fireballs raining down overhead appearing to miss him. 
He found a Drainer in view that spoke "Says get up now."
Tom obeyed finding himself able to move to find himself on a metallic ground surrounded by Rakcar he assumed were they still giving off that stinky smell making him disgusted despite them clad in twin outfits and some giving him narrowed eyed glares in response. 
He found himself towering over the Drainer who appeared to gulp seeing that height differences who spoke while hearing gibberish spoken from one of the Rakcar "Says your target is inside that domicile contained in a cylinder tube with form of the Mesan's Curse inside it." 
He spoke feeling his neck clad of the metal restraint "What do these Mesan's Curse look like anyway? I wasn't given the information when I was sent here to speak on the High Council's behalf. They give servants information on what they should know and that's about it period." 
He narrowed his eyes as the Drainer was heard speaking gibberish followed by one of the Rakcar holding a tubal device in response flaring an image of figure with a male humanoid form with black scaly skin and having a barrel shaped head that made him think it was a mask while holding a long knife object in one hand he figured was a sword. 
Tom glared at the Rakcar as the Drainer spoke translating after one of them was heard "Says this is what they look like so get inside the building now and take out this Mesan's Curse now." 
He felt an electrical jolt from the metal restraint around his neck stinging him enough to grimace fully on his lips. Tom didn't say a word in response saw one of the Rakcar point to a building having an opening where there was a black hooded reptile faced Humanoid stood in the entrance while appearing to be jerking form back and forth in some visibly move. 
Tom spoke "Eh? What's that standing in the doorway? Doesn't look like one of these Mesan's Curse you showed me." 
He heard from the Drainer "Says just a traitor who betrayed us Rakcar to the Mesan's Curse. Get moving now and display that odd hand look of yours at the moment." 
He didn't give off a response willed forwards the Berserker to slow walk taking his time towards the jerking reptile figure to see the figure appear to have a male form to him that remained in the doorway still jerking away. 
Tom walked up to the figure who held up a hand which he halted his walking to hear a male voice sounding Rakcaran accent in Basic he figuring it wasn't from the humanoid "The Rakcar have gotten desperate that they asked the High Council to send an assassin to do their dirty work."
Tom felt the Berserker refused to budge from his form despite trying to will it aside. He narrowed his eyes aimed at the reptile humanoid who kept his clawed hand up showing it green and appearing to look humanoid with long fingernails seen. 
He heard snickering laugher in Rakcaran tones coming from the building's room followed by the familiar male voice speaking again "Tell me assassin how do you plan to assassinate targets you can't see hmm?"
He felt the Berserker remained in control despite efforts to will it aside mentally spoke "Drat the Rakcar for putting this restraint on my neck to do their dirty work after knocking me unconscious. I was just a messenger from the High Council voicing their refusal to assist the Rakcar with their problem despite them speaking words of desperation. The High Council has complained of the Rakcar oath anything for help only to take back their word. I can't even will aside this Berserker form to tell you this."
He cut his thoughts when he felt his mind scanned from the feel of it to felt a compulsion to remove the restraint off his neck by mental orders. He obeyed finding it dropping around him in pieces while keeping an eye onto the reptile humanoid that stopped the hand up and stepped aside in some gesture for him to go inside which he obeyed. Tom walked inside the room to find no one in sight but multiple people contained in cylinder tubes at the walls of the room. They were surrounding a cylinder tube containing a figure he saw had a Human like face with Builder golden eyes and a Mesan's Curse's body form in a male form. Tom felt himself compelled to stop walking obeyed and stood in the room feeling the Berserker compelled to will aside which he obeyed and folded his arms. 
Tom spoke loudly in Basic from a compulsion to speak despite mind still being scanned "Spill it Mesan's Curse on the actual reason for this destruction. The High Council demands to know your side of this war despite the Rakcar telling something ridiculous we know that their lying again as always. So talk now."
He narrowed his eyes in a glaring expression sensing his eyes flaring golden from the looks of them to hear a male voice speaking in Basic loudly "I'll do the talking for us now."
He found a figure of a Mesan's Curse appearing from some hidden state that didn't reek of a stinky smell to him that flicked his right hand and saw a sword appear held in the male's hand that thrust it aimed at his direction. 
Tom heard a male voice speaking in basic "We Mesan's Curse had Rakcara as they call this planetary world now underneath our control our lives and our ways. The Rakcar we told you repeatedly came from a travel gate with claims of some world dead despite refusing to tell us anything about their former world in question. They created a sickness to knock most of us off and burned the bodies of those asleep despite others able to escape. They even tried to kill our leader which you High Council took with oaths of healing him and have refused to hand him back despite our pleas for that ignored. The Rakcar took control of this planetary world and created all this technology you see in this room that involves using manoids as batteries for powering power sources within Rakcara. The Rakcar wound up in their process attempted to destroy what made this planet function normally with their technology. They even don't seem to care if they destroy themselves to death due to their obsession in wearing some tech that makes them move at fast speeds and hide in sight an ability we have naturally. So say your piece from the High Council and be gone from here." 
Tom felt himself still compelled to speak "Fine the High Council's business is done here. We have nothing more to say to the Rakcar except they must handle this war with you alone and yourself handle this war alone. We're not giving a hand to either side of this war. This war is not our concern except to tell you that your leader is safely healed contained on this planetary world dubbed Shadan where we currently have a base at the moment. You'll find him living among this species we call First Ones you dub by this awful name of Human in a leadership position at some place dubbed Zesky Asylum and Hospital. Seek this world and your leader yourself. That's as far as we're helping you in your search for him and helping you further with anything."
Tom unfolded his arms to find the scene changed to show a travel gate in his eyesight with an image fully of the High Council's travel gate room in his mind. He walked through the gate to get arms grabbed by the Falcons appearing in whining squeal sounds and Anubis roughly yanking off the head cover mask off his head in some tearing cloth move. He gave Anubis a glare in response that made a shrugging motion and threw aside the cloth before jabbing a finger towards the doorway entrance. He found himself roughly hauled to the High Council's throne room with Barry there giving him a glaring golden eyed glare aimed at him. Tom felt himself compelled to speak after Barry gave up his familiar chatter which he relayed everything that happened to him on Rakcara and what the Rakcar told him including what the Mesan's Curses species told him. He clamped his mouth shut once done to eye the High Council to see both speakers bow their heads followed by the group waving their hands and shaking their heads in various gestures he figuring long ago was their way of mental talk communication among each other. 
Tom eyed Shad and Onya to see them both raise their heads followed by Shad's voice speaking "Interesting story from what we heard regarding this war on Rakcara. Too bad neither one of the species have refused to admit originating from Edenia as where they came from and later kicked out of that moon world for refusing to get along with each other. They have always been fighting war battles since they originated on Edenia. The Rakcar refusing to drop their jealousy attitude towards Mesan's Curse having the natural ability to hide in sight and move fast the Rakcar keep on hoping to have hit their own species. Well we figured out a way for the Rakcar to get this to happen but it involves both species breeding offspring with each other for this ability to be passed down which would have created a new species a combination of Rakcar and Mesan's Curse. Both species have refused to listen to us telling them this breeding method to solve this silly war among each other. They have seemed more interested in their own petty selfish gains than listening to us help solve this war their fighting among each other at the moment." Tom heard from Onya "Too bad there's nothing we can do except hope within time both sides will be willing to listen to us on advising on stopping this war by the use of breeding-"
She was interrupted as Tom heard "The breeding between the warring species is not permitted."
Tom felt himself freed from the Falcons holds to find Anubis and guards on the steps acting threatening. He turned around to find a male appearing to look human by the face seen with Shadonian skin tones an all white eyed look of a Shadonian while dressed in a green robe that reminded him of the High Council's robes holding a chain in gloved hand attached to a white gonoid he figuring it was a tiger baring its teeth.
Tom heard from Barry sounding annoyed "White Shadow what purposes are you here for? Speak your piece from Edenia and leave. Your influence and interferences in the affairs of the High Council isn't wanted so talk now."
Tom frowned eyeing the male he assumed was dubbed White Shadow to his confusion as the male spoke accented of a Shadonian in Basic "Edenia has determined that there is another way of solving this conflict between the species calling themselves Rakcar and the species you dub them as Mesan's Curse. Breeding will not be permitted or used as a solvent to this war among both species. The breeding if you think of solving hasn't solved matters in question. It already has been done and the Samol or Sakul, whatever name their calling themselves, are the result of this breeding in question."
Tom frowned as Barry spoke "Interesting it does explain some questions we were asking regarding the origins of the Samol or the Sakul due to not finding any records of them said to be created by Edenia herself."
He eyed White Shadow who spoke "Records aren't important to this matter. What matters is you must not answer any questions to the Rakcar or Mesan's Curse regarding the species of your messenger you sent to their home they may bring up in your presence." 
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as White Shadow kept talking "The Rakcar and Mesan's Curse are forbidden to know anything about the messenger you sent to them. You are also forbidden on sending this manoid as your messenger anywhere via travel gate off Shadan or off planet Shadan via other technological uses. We will know of this law broken immediately and will take action against you regardless of how you hide this from us. Your messenger must only deliver messages within Shadan only and no where else period."
He heard from Barry "What about a planetary disaster hitting Shadan when he must be removed for his safety?'
Tom narrowed his eyes aimed at White Shadow "What planetary disaster are you speaking of Anger? There aren't any planetary disasters prophesied to hit Shadan. We're aware of the Rakcar and them causing planetary disasters onto planetary worlds via off space technology. Those worlds were hit for a payment prices those worlds' species it contains had to pay to Edenia. Edenia assures you that the Rakcar will cease this payment price onto planetary worlds. She assures you that Shadan has the means to defend itself from such destruction. Lance Richard once you summon him will explain this defending ability to you. I must be gone."
He watched as White Shadow backed up in some gliding move with the tiger walking backwards and out of the room out of sight. He turned to face the High Council to hear Barry speaking Builder chatter loudly to sense a light show showing Lance Richard minus the crown sitting in a cross legged pose with eyes shut and hands to the sides like he was mediating. 
Tom frowned as Barry was heard speaking in some furious tone "So talk Lance on what you've seen regarding White Shadow. Don't deny it to me that you can see other places through eyes of manoids like you seen through my eyes." 
He folded his arms eyeing Lance with a glare on his face to hear from the male keeping eyes shut sounding firm "The weapon is Jinks Montreal himself. His earth moving abilities have given him a connection to Shadan on a permanent basis that also involves the entire Shadonian species themselves. Their his source of his power to control the earth including the source of his power to destroy Rakcaran planetary weapons the First Ones dub by this word of asteroid another talk for rock of a huge size actually. Those rocks can cause planetary destruction once they hit the earth or the ocean areas causing havoc within planet Shadan itself. Only Jinks Montreal with his source powers in control can stop those rocks from causing destruction once they've entered the planet's boundary line."
He frowned as Lance opened his eyes showing them Human blue that appeared to focus onto Barry and added "Besides it's your responsibility, Barry on telling Jinks this talk. He's still furious with me at the moment and has refused to take any advice from me or listen to me telling him various things he should be aware of. That talk of protecting Shadan has been ignored and rejected in my face in various emotional responses from Jinks whenever I tell him this. So good luck on telling Jinks this I can't help you in this matter." 
Tom eyed passed Lance as if drawn to find the Falcons restraining a familiar male flaring an all black eyed look while Anubis had a gloved hand covering the male's mouth in some tight grip. He exhaled a breath recognizing the male as Jinks himself and figured from the eyed look that he was furious with Lance and his worded talk. 
He kept his mouth shut continued to eye Jinks as Shad was heard "Anyhow get Lance out of our sight now Ramses." 
He sensed a light show and eyed Jinks as the Falcons and Anubis brought him closer to the group to stand next to him which he shifted his form to eye the High Council to hear "Nice try Lance Richard on that excuse of Horus being the weapon when its you who's actually the weapon. We already tested the Shadonian connection and found its connection very crystal clearly. Anyway Ramses dump Lance Richard into the ocean for that deception of trying to go around as Horus and Horus ordered to go around as himself underneath our servitude." 
Tom found Jinks he assumed was Lance disappearing in a light show after freed from the Falcons' grips to hear from Shad again "Lance still seeing through your eyes Barry again as usual?"
He eyed Barry who bobbed his head followed by the Builder speaking chatter and then added in Basic "You thought correct on who's the weapon actually. It's Lance Richard himself. But I doubt your theory of this switcheroo trick at the moment. I know Jinks too well that he'll never fool you into thinking he's Lance Richard. He doesn't have the smarts to think well enough to outwit stunts pulled onto him by you, the Meritanians or myself as well. Only Lance managed to do that successfully with whatever stunts I threw him in that were twin to the stunts I pulled onto Jinks' offspring Robert himself who managed to think smartly on getting out of those situations." 
Tom frowned to shift his eyes towards the High Council to hear from Shad "How well do you know Lance Richard when it comes to teaching his offspring to get the smarts you call this attitude to outwit stunts played onto them hmm?"
He resumed looking at Barry who spoke sounding firm "I know how well Jinks acted while Lance communicated to him. Jinks acted like some kind of puppet doing this and that underneath Lance's orders actually. He even seemed too dependant on Lance to help guide his life with everything he needed to do in Shadan."
Tom bared his teeth in response giving off a growl sound softly while eyeing Barry who gave him a golden eyed glare before resuming looking at the High Council quitting the golden eyed look and continued talking "This puppet behavior has been seen among First Ones including done among your own servants you the hand while your servants act puppet like actually." 
Tom again gave up a growling sound sounding a bit louder while fisting his hands as he shifted his form to face Barry entirely while keeping his arms folded as Shad was heard speaking "Anyhow Barry transport this puppet excuse of a servant Mindbender to medical for testing then see on getting him properly attired. We have a job for him which we'll say what it is once he's wearing the proper garments for it so transport away." 
He gave Barry a glare while cutting off his noises as the Builder spoke his familiar chatter to find himself in the medical room to get tested thoroughly then thrust his familiar jeans and rugby shirt including his underwear, socks and sneakers he put on his form after clothes were exchanged. He stood with arms folded as Barry got him into the High Council's throne room with the Builder there to give the group a glaring stare of accusation in his eyes. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Ramses transport Mindbender to a discreet location for meeting Horus since its obvious there isn't a switcheroo anyway." 
He found himself in a hotel room holding double beds to hear the alarm clock blare its noises which he found one of the beds occupied. He eyed the figure in bed still covered by blankets that reached a hand and a bare arm and turned on the lamp before thrusting it underneath the blankets. 
Tom sighed softly eyeing Jinks he assumed was in the bed to hear loudly "Don't stand there, Tom. Hit the bathroom for a shower. You reek pretty badly at the moment. I'll be sure to get you a change of clothing once I root around your suitcase for something decent for you to wear I'll leave on your bed." 
He exhaled a breath hearing Jinks' voice sounding firm to him which he groaned and found the bathroom and went inside. 

Tom came out with a towel wrapped around his waist like a skirt hair damp from the thorough shower he gave himself. Jinks had gotten out of bed and were sitting on a bed at the foot with the flat screened TV on blaring some news' channel he recognized with an all black eyed look and holding the remote in hand ignoring him. He found clothes lying on the bed that seemed different from his regular clothing to feel confused to the looks of them. 
He spoke loudly "Jinks, don't tell me my clothes in my suitcase were all stinky." 
He glared at Jinks who looked in his direction and jabbed a finger aimed at him while still having that all black eyed look and speaking in his creepy voice tone "You have obligations that must be done period. So put on those clothes now and shut up and let me watch the TV." 
Tom saw Jinks look away which he removed his towel tossing it onto the bed and kept an eye onto the male who didn't spare him a glance instead kept his attention onto the TV. He got dressed into the clothes that reminded him of some business suit from the looks of them including the shoes and a tie he found clipped onto the collar instead of wrapping around his neck. 
Tom once done stood with arms folded while eyeing Jinks and spoke "Ahem."
He got a glare in response followed by Jinks shutting off the TV with a hand waving towards it instead of the remote control and tossed aside the device onto the bed. Jinks got up looking him up and down him noticing that the male was clad in an entirely black business suit clothes minus the tie. 
Tom frown eyeing Jinks who spoke "What do you know of males and females taking oaths to be paired together anyway?"
He sighed recalling his oath ceremony with Thura fully in his mind spoke "All I know is that the Highlanders have some kind of oath to be paired ceremony that only involves putting necklaces looking twin to each other onto the one their paired to and their partner doing the same to them and that's about it. I had such a ceremony happen to one female I valued that I was outliving. Too bad I wasn't able to keep the necklace I was given her or she the same soon after she passed away. I was later forced to ceremony put her dead body down in some eater fire burning method and ashes scattered somewhere in King Winter's kingdom. And yes the High Council made me wear High Council robes when doing that death ceremony onto her wearing twin robes as me and same with the ashes scattering done." 
He glared at Jinks who spoke "Well this oath to be paired ceremony among Humans involved exchanging jewelry called rings that's worn on a finger on the hand. It doesn't matter what finger or what hand the ring is placed on as long as the exchange is made in the oath ceremony. After that ceremony is over the female is required to wear a certain jewelry stone ring on her left hand which doesn't matter which finger as long as its there to show that she's paired publicity. The male has to have a certain type of chain necklace to be worn that he can't take off while he's paired to a female period. The male can take off the necklace if he and the female declare the pairing over with which will take about a full Human year or cycle as you call it for that breakup to happen as stated by the law on such pairings." 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled as Jinks formed a Human blue eyed look having anger in them which he spoke "You seem angry about something so talk on what it is. Perhaps I can help out the problem-"
He was interrupted "Don't bother with the helping. It's just me expecting from Victoria in her life to not get involved with the High Council. I admit it I don't like the High Council period. I refuse to say why I don't like the group to you. I'll only admit that fact to them in person. I would rather have them hear why from me than from someone else or from some stinking recorder. So excuse me while I have to lead you out of here since you don't know where's the exit to this hotel is." 
He didn't comment a response wordlessly followed Jinks out of the room taking a stairwell route that appeared to be for hotel servants to use who ignored them walking down the stairs as the servants went up them. He followed Jinks to the lobby he assumed was where they were going to find his hunch correct to find a gathering of cops in the room as the sunlight blared from outside showing a bunch of press people gathered near the entrance held back by rope barricades some still flashing lights from their devices. 
He heard nothing from Jinks in response but a throat clearing noise from the male loudly to find the cops in the room turning attention towards them as one spoke loudly "Car's outside parked waiting for you. We'll escort you both out." 
Tom followed Jinks escorted by the cops escorting him out the hotel doorway entrance to the waiting car while hearing the presses pester questions aimed at him and the male for comments on various subjects related to Victoria and himself and their daughter Kayra. He tuned them out from listening to concentrate onto Victoria's Father who got into a limo which he followed inside finding the door slammed shut behind him. 
He buckled up his seatbelt and gave Jinks a glare while speaking "Buckle up safety first." 
He got a Hmph sound from Jinks in response who buckled up his seatbelt and felt the limo start up followed by the male opening a seat part in between them to yank out a bottle of strawberry milkshake which he spied his familiar herbal drink took it out and sipping it slowly after uncapping it. 
He felt his strength going back to his standards to hear from the driver sounding Highlander accented "Traffic is bad at the moment due to some accident on a road to the location. I have to take another route instead."
Tom heard nothing more from Jinks leaned back shutting his eyes due to figuring out that he'll get some sleep. He felt the padded seat drop away from him followed by hitting a familiar metal floor with a grunt sound before familiar hands' grips grabbed his arms lifting him up in a standing position as he saw an overhead shot in the High Council's throne room of a limo on fire while Jinks was seen lifted up unconscious from the ground by bystanders and hauled away from the vehicle out of camera's eyesight. 
Tom glared at the High Council in response to snarl loudly "I wanted a life with Victoria period! I'm done serving you!"
He glared at the group as the overhead scene stopped followed by the lights resuming their brightness to hear from Shad "A life with Victoria is what you'll receive but it'll be on our terms period. You will serve us for you have spoken the words of loyalty in some oath we expect you to keep for life as long as you live on Shadan till Edenia breaks the containment is when you're free of servitude." 
Tom fisted his hands while baring his teeth giving off an angry growling sound softly eyeing the High Council as Onya spoke "Oh there's one thing we expect you to do and you'll do it period." 
He quit his growling once he heard what Shad ordered him to do.

Tom fingered the chain necklace through the shirt of a masked High Council servant wear's top while clad in the clothes and shoes. Including wearing a mask that covered the upper half of his face keeping his eyes and nose hidden, including covering the head area down to his neck and appeared to wrap around his neck from the feel of it, once put on his form. He eyed the golden cup in his hand he was sipping his familiar Vodka drink he received from the bartender on Barry's orders who have refused to say another word on who he was except dubbed him by the word of Berserker. He sighed pausing from drinking to stare at the bar's top before resuming drinking his drink, his mouth and chin bare of the mask. Tom took his time sipping the drink while fiddling with the necklace underneath his shirt. 
He heard from Barry "Cut scratching yourself like that, Berserker. It's annoying me."
Tom removed his hand still feeling the chain necklace a golden color wrapped around neck in some almost choking move but left room for him to breathe fine. He recalled the High Council ordered him to take the First Ones' oath ceremony with Victoria on one of their islands set aside for it she going along with it and not surprised to find him alive instead of assumed dead. 
He found that the oath ceremony involved a Highlander speaking foreign language from some book and waving a hand in a gesture over the both of them before speaking in Basic "Make the oath exchange of jewelry as its called now."
He was given a chain necklace by Victoria who got it around his neck without any effort or problems as he gave her a ring he recognized as the fashion ring he always kept with him always forgetting to give to her. He found himself putting the ring on her right hand on the largest finger as if compelled to do it to his annoyance. Tom continued to sip the drink recalling that Victoria after given the ring got him into a lip lock with arms around him before she was yanked away by the Falcons to see her disappear in a flash of light with them. He found himself given Nameless' former room despite it cluttered with various objects he found were junk to him. Along with Barry there that ordered him using Builder talk to get out of his clothes into High Council wear clothes along with given the mask to wear and ordered not to take it off unless the group ordered him to do it. Accept the name of Berserker as his name despite unsure of what name the group was planning on naming him for doing jobs for them. He sipped the Vodka drink entirely then placed it down onto the counter to find the bartender a Listener appearing to be a female from feminine form seen with longer hair and male Listener clothes on her form was appearing to be staring at him with a scrutiny look. Tom once done with the drink tossed her the cup in a hard throw she expertly plucked out of the air with no effort and saw her walk away going to the sink to wash the cup he saw from the looks of it. He shifted to look at Barry facing his direction who had finished his drinking from the looks of it. Tom glared at Barry through the see through mask covering his eyes. He felt the urge to will forwards the Berserker arrived obeyed to do it to flex a clawed hand towards Barry refraining from forming any rude gestures with his fingers aimed at the Builder. 
He found Barry didn't seem shocked by the gesture instead gave off a chuckle sound and spoke "You'll come to know that thinking yourself freed of the High Council is frowned around here once you've joined the First Ones living like one of them. The High Council always will have you serving them period even if it's for life or even if you think you're freed from serving them. You'll always serve the High Council period."
Tom folded his arms in response to will aside the Berserker to narrow his eyes in a glare aimed at Barry who added "Whatever female you loved, don't expect her to be yours forever while you serve the High Council. They will see that she's paired off with some other male period. That includes arranging the pairing to happen and insisting on her to keep the relationship on a permanent basis."
Tom fisted his hands letting them be seen fisted as Barry spoke "Believe me I know what you're going through when it comes to a female you love that you can't have as yours due to serving the High Council. I went through that multiple times during my time I've lived in Shadan. I keep having to put up with admiring a desired female from afar despite wanting her for myself I wasn't able to get. The High Council has refused to allow such pairings to happen to me despite I allowed to get rid of urges only a female can provide. You'll get used to that feeling hitting you from time to time including used to using females for getting rid of urges. I can't say if any offsprings will be allowed to be created from such pairing. I at the moment is still not permitted that despite still used for implantation methods for female to carry my offsprings. The High Council might have you do such donation bits but I highly doubt it due to how unusual you are with your abilities of having form changing abilities. That's something I haven't seen an interests in from the High Council actually."
Tom heard blared unexpectedly as Barry quit talking "Barry, the High Council wants you and Mindbender as he's called into the meeting room. Why is he called that name despite a servant already have that name anyway?"
He got up from the stool to hear from Ramses sounding grumpy again "Because you want to make Mindbender live forever despite that servant is dead actually."
He adjusted his arms to hide his fisted hands as Barry spoke his familiar chatter to find them both in the High Council's throne room. He gave the group a glare with his eyes despite mask covering them. 
Tom heard from Shad "We caught the fool that rigged Horus's vehicle to blow up. He's contained in the brig at the moment. Barry transport Mindbender to the brig and have Anubis be there to open the cell door while our servant does whatever he wants to this fool as long as he's dead period." 
Tom found himself facing cell bars in the brig to find a raggedy male making his senses blaring warning despite smelling bad to him from the stink that backed up from the bars with fear on his dirty face looking nervous while appearing to gulp repeatedly. He heard Anubis's growl found the cell bars slamming open leaving nothing between him and the male who backed up hitting the wall still looking nervous. Tom unfolded his arms and willed forwards the Berserker while flexing a clawed hand towards the male in some fist move. He saw the male flattened himself against the wall in fear as he walked into the cell putting down his hand while hearing the cell doors bang shut behind him. 
Tom halted his walking as the male stopped his fear look and gave off snickering laughter sounds before sneering loudly "Is this the best you can do to me High Council? Send some freak of nature coward with face covered up to put me down? Hah, he won't last a battle with me and my combative abilities. I've got years of training involving martial arts. He'll be put down easily anyway." 
Tom folded his arms as the male continued on snickering which he raised a hand and mentally spoke "Male to me." 
He found the male flipping into some acrobatic move to hit him feet first which he mentally spoke in a rush "Paralysis male to wall." 
He found to his annoyance the paralysis refused to work onto the male by the Human hitting the wall feet first and flipping down in some acrobatic move showing an all black eyed glare aimed at him. Tom figured that the male had power abilities of Jinks hence he able to counterattack his paralysis order. 
He mentally spoke "Mind reveal."
Tom saw clearly in the male's mind that he was working as a hired assassin whoever hired him unknown to him to take out Tom himself in some car explosion. Made clear that the pairing of Victoria and Tom wasn't going to happen period due to the assassin assumed that someone else wanted her himself. He quit the mind scanning as the male attacked him with fists and feet flying which he counterattacked the moves due to easily recalling the karate and combative art training he received he kept up religiously. Tom attacked the male finding the Human was trying to use Jinks' like powers of paralysis onto him which he mentally gave up the shield command repeatedly over and over while fighting. 
He fought till he spotted a weakness within the male's fighting style and counterattacked it using mental commands of "Throw back, male to me." 
He kept it up finding the male was flying in the air repeatedly flipping back and forth due to figuring out that his shield command wouldn't work till the Human hit the wall with a bang sound landing on his back and looking exhausted to him by not indicating on a shield command to him. Tom heard the cell bars swung open with a bang sound to find the Falcons grabbing the male by the arms and holding him onto the wall as Anubis came into sight. 
He heard "Alright quit that wall pining now and let him go. The High Council wanted him in their presence restrained actually."
He mentally spoke in response "Paralysis from neck down wall pin stop."
Tom found the Falcons hauling the male out of the cell followed by Anubis in a fast speed move. 
He heard the cell doors bang shut locking him inside to his annoyance to find Anubis speaking "Sorry I got orders."
Tom folded his arms to see Anubis and Falcons fade from view to hear squawks and groaning sounds followed by the familiar raggedy dressed male walking into sight with a smirk on his face who spoke "Well what did you expect from me High Council since I did what's ordered?"
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Jinks who removed his facial mask showing his face clean of dirt still having the familiar scar on his cheek with Human blue eyes in control glaring at him. 
Tom frowned as Jinks spoke loudly "By the way nice try on letting me think that Tom is dead. Its Tom standing in front of me is wearing that mask on his head. I recognized him from the moment I laid eyes onto him from my senses going off alerting me of him every time I'm in his presence as always."
Tom found himself in the High Council's throne room to see Jinks restrained by the Falcons to hear from Shad "What senses are you talking about related to recognizing Mindbender as who you think he is?"
He heard in response "I can explain that."
Tom heard a vulgar language insult aimed at Lance via Jinks as he saw Lance Richard come into view who spoke towards him "Your not born of Shadan are you?"
He bobbed his head in a Human yes gesture to see Lance shift to face the High Council who spoke "That's how Jinks figured out who he is. He's not Shadan born actually."
He heard Jinks continue swearing vulgarity aimed at Lance who ignored him to continue talking "Besides Jinks will always figure out who's who if their standing on the earth ground which doesn't matter if they have shoe wear on their feet or not. He'll always detect people walking on the earth or inside it alive or dead doesn't matter. Besides if you want to find a body being buried in the ground in an area the size of this room's floor he'll find it easily by sticking his hand into the ground and will pinpoint its location. I know of this for I used to have this ability myself which now has transferred to Jinks. That except for the ability of protecting the planet falls to me actually." 
He shifted to eye Jinks finding Anubis had managed to cover the male's mouth to eye the High Council in response as Shad spoke "Ramses see about dumping Horus into the ocean where it's safe for him to get some swimming done. His language use insulting Lance Richard is annoying us." 
He found Jinks disappearing in a flash of light after freed from the Falcons and Anubis's hand grips. 
He bore the High Council a glare as Shad spoke again "Anyway we have a job for you Mindbender. We expect you to do this job crystal clearly without any mistakes this time so Ramses transport Mindbender to where he's to go and transmit the information he should know once he's there now."
Tom found himself facing a doorway he recognizing belonged to the Zesky Asylum and Hospital to hear loudly behind him "Well, well a servant of the High Council. What do they want this time?"
He heard the sarcasm of Jason's familiar voice turned around shifting away the Berserker as if compelled to find Breaker standing next to Jason with guards kneeling in front of them guns pointed at him. 
Tom inhaled and spoke "How's Kayra doing anyway? I heard from the High Council that you have her." 
He got a glare from Jason who sneered "I see it'll take more than a car explosion to put you down Mindbender or should I say Tom Thunder hmm?"
He folded his arms and spoke "Whatever identity you want Jason, now about Kayra?"
He heard the firmness of his voice tone to glare at Jason who spoke "Come along now." 
He wordlessly followed Jason with guards escorting and Breaker behind him to a room he found Kayra lying on the bed asleep cuddled by a sleeping Victoria. Tom felt himself unable to go near them both due to the guards pointing their gun weapons aimed at him. He saw Jason go to Victoria to pick up one of her hands she remaining asleep like he was checking for a pulse then walked up to him thrusting an object onto his front he took finding it was her ring he gave her. 
Tom snarled a soft growling sound aimed at Jason who smirked and spoke "Too bad for that. Some male I refused to name made it clear to me that he wants her for himself hence he making a deal with the High Council to get you out of the way to get her. Oh I wouldn't bet on Kayra living too long either. Her medical condition is terminal and there's no cure for it despite you led to believe by the High Council claiming to have it. She dies period. Hah." 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to see Jason fade from view to feel a hand touching his forehead. He felt a compulsion to wake up hit him obeyed finding himself in a limo seatbelt off of him wearing his business suit clothes from the feel and found the hand's owner was Jinks clad in his familiar black business suit clothes. 
Tom felt himself confused seeing Jinks who willed aside his all black eyed look and snarled sounding rude "Get yourself out of the frocking car now. Your not getting out of this ceremony so will that status away now!"
Tom obeyed feeling himself confused to why he had that weird dream as he got out of the car followed by Jinks finding the presses there pestering him with questions. He followed the male to the entrance to hear an explosion of a car blowing up behind him to look finding the limo was blown up to blink his eyes to find himself facing Jason while clad in High Council clothes and mask on his face to feel his throat gagged by a hand.
Breaker's angry voice heard speaking "Will that status away now." 
Tom obeyed to find Breaker refused to let go of his neck as he found himself jumping from the limo explosion looping over and over along with standing with the Builder hybrid gagging him. 
Tom mentally spoke "Stop it now! Stop this dream now! It ends period!"
He found the scene going black to come to hearing voices speaking while shaking his head "He's coming around quick give him the medicine, it'll put him under some more."
Tom felt himself sitting in a chair clad only in his jeans with wrists handcuffed behind him in the chair as he heard the voices getting panicky after willing forwards the Berserker to shake his head forcing his eyes open getting fuzzy eyesight to him as he continued to shake his head. Tom found his eyesight clearing up to find himself underneath some spotlight of some cage room to notice President Ward, nearby chained to a wheelchair while looking asleep to him while wearing only pants on his form. Tom narrowed his eyes in a golden eyed glare while eyeing the people gathered around in the room were wearing ragged clothing that were covering them from the head to foot despite various colorful sneakers were seen. 
Tom gave the people a glare in response to hear from one of them "Just shoot him the dart and see if that'll put him to sleep."
He eyed them people to sense an object traveling towards him from behind mentally spoke "Drop."
He heard clattering noises of a syringe hitting the ground as he gave the raggedy people a glare he counted about five in front of him. He sensed the same number behind him as he again ordered the syringe to drop after sensing it thrown at him from behind. Tom mentally spoke the order for restraints off to find the handcuffs getting off of him to stand up in a fast mood feeling dizziness while hearing multiple gun cocking noises. 
Tom shook his head of the dizziness as he cleared it out of him to find the ten people in the room were pointing various projectile guns aimed at him to hear the familiar voice speaking "I'll sit down if I were you. You can be brought down by projectile bullets Mindbender. I recognized you as that freak from Sydney causing terroristic acts onto the natives of Egyptia who claimed they used bullets to bring you down. You have a scar on your chest indicating it a bullet right in the spot where this Mindbender was said to be shot and put down. So sit down now."
Tom stiffened from the familiarity of the voice he recognized as Danny's willed aside the Berserker to speak loudly "Danny Jackal, why are you sounding like him?"
He heard chatter sounding like Builder's language in response sounding of a female's voice to hear guns' sounds of safeties put on in response. 
He heard from Danny sounding furious "I said shoot him not put the safeties on."
Tom looked in a direction in a break of people as if drawn to hear from Danny, Builder chatter finding nothing happening to him or the gun held people. He heard an Argh sounding of frustration as he stared in the direction as if drawn to find the people with guns walking away despite protesting from Danny loudly in English language, dubbed Summeran by Elves. He glared in the direction with accusation on his face as another Builder's chatter was heard sounding of Barry to him followed by a flash of two light shows. 
Tom darted towards President Ward to gentle pat a hand onto the male's cheek while speaking "Come on Warden, fight the drug and wake up now."
He eyed Warden's neck as if drawn and with a shrugged patted the male on the area to get him waking up sputtering vulgarity language on not wanting to be touched on that area. Tom stopped touching Warden to give him a glare as the male in response gave him a glare. He obeyed to the glare and got the restraints off of him followed by getting up and giving him a glaring stare of accusation after showing Human blue eyes. 
Tom spoke "Danny Jackal pulled this stunt this time sounding like a Compeller. I don't know who's the fool that pulled the previous stunt the first time anyway."
Tom frowned as Warden folded his arms while showing his familiar glaring eyed look again and speaking sounding again in his angry voice tone "Talk on what you did to Danny Jackal now, Tom since he's targeting you!"
He heard the angry voice tone of Warden sensed themselves spied on and found President radiating of anger while narrowing his eyes aimed at him which he spoke "I saved his wife Jillian Jackal from being shot by a stalker like mate friend. I received a bullet in my arm as a result of that saving." 
He showed the arm having the scar visibly and then got from Warden speaking "Your voice suggested something wasn't said so talk on that!"
He groaned softly as Warden continued to glare at him which he spoke "Fine I'm not sure who's idea it was but I wound up breeding an offspring through Jillian while in the hands' of the High Council." 
He glared at Warden to find the scene changed to find himself back in the chair handcuffed with the Berserker not in control to find Danny Jackal in view looking furious who spoke loudly "Bastard ruined my wife with that offspring creation in response thanks to the hospital blabbing about Jillian having some bastard's offspring from tests already done onto her. This bastard I'm talking about got Jillian carrying as reason why he did that to her just to claim ownership to her after word got out that someone else got her carrying in the first place."
Tom narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Danny who added speaking Builder chatter to feel a gun point poking the side of his head recalled the ability Jinks dubbed Master. 
He dubbed Sinister within him willed it forwards to speak as the male stopped his Builder chatter while hearing a gun cocking noise "You got another bastard blamed for the rape to be declared guilty at the trial didn't you? You used your Compeller's voice talents to keep the stinking lawyer from riling me up when I testified on that incident involving Jillian. Talk on this bit now."
He glared at Danny who shook his head as he felt the gun remove itself from the side of his head followed by the male speaking sounding slurred to him "Yes I used my voice talent to sway the jury into declaring this bastard guilty despite they thinking of saying not guilty. I also used my voice talent onto the witnesses to not fall for the attack the lawyer stunt the defense lawyer was pulling."
Tom spoke "Then what's with the bit of kidnapping me anyway?"
He glared at Danny who shook his head and continued to form a far away look on his face and eyes before speaking still sounding slurred "I didn't kidnap you while you were in football school. It was done by a Highlander's family member trying to find out what happened to a relative and blaming the car explosion that destroyed him, himself. I'm told that the Tanaka family member Riana despite name is Marisaki Tanaka is her name as she's publicity known that I wouldn't help her with the matter involving the High Council. I was fed up with her anyway and washed my hands of her. Too bad Marisaki didn't know that Tom Thunder is heavily spied on by the natives of Fatherland in Rhineland city. That includes the law enforcement who do what it takes to keep him alive including making him generous to share his huge money fortune despite others having problems trying to amass that amount of wealth themselves. As for the recent kidnapping you I only took you and told the driver to dump Mister Ward in the hospital for help due to that he wasn't my target you were."
Tom spoke again "Then why did you target me?"
He got from Danny sounding slurred "I wanted to know what the hospital was talking about involving Jillian my wife already went through some carrying status with you pointed as the father. The family caretakers hauling her into the hospital claiming some suicide attempt was done due to finding her lying among a bottle of pills. They publicity blabbed that carrying status which got that Marisaki to target her in response. Now my wife in response was publicity shunned by people in our circle till I had to come out and admit that she was originally born of Marisaki who I was married to spare the family humiliation. They didn't take the news of this well and have publicity claimed that I was humiliating them due to not liking Marisaki herself. Some other family members were claimed by tabloids to say that Jillian was raised right despite denying that to the public. Their still denying Jillian as their family despite her is really a family member actually. The public in our circle is still shunning Jillian and me as well. They refused to have anything to do with me or Jillian. Besides Jillian when questioned heavily has claimed that you fathered her offspring the hospital blabbed she was carrying first."
Tom felt the urge to will aside Sinister obeyed to glare at Danny with a glare of accusation in his eyes while bowing his head a bit to keep his eyes seen as the male shook his head and spoke Builder chatter to find again the familiar gun poking his head followed by gun cocking sounds. 
Tom spoke as Danny focused onto him "You sure that killing me will solve things Jackal?"
He glared at Danny who focused onto him to speak Builder chatter to hear a gunshot sound loudly. He sensed wasn't from the gun poking his head as the male shut his eyes and slid to the floor showing Jillian behind him holding a handgun in her hand dressed in raggedy clothes with face bared and a mask in her hand. 
He found the gun's owner poking his head removed followed by a male voice speaking "I am not shooting this guy anyway. You do it if you want him dead period."
Tom frown eyeing Jillian who appeared to be panting for breath as he mentally spoke "Restraints off."
He felt the handcuffs got off his wrists to stand up finding Jillian still pointing the gun aimed at him with some tearful stained look on her face and mouth forming a frown. Tom kept his mouth shut in response as she aimed the gun at him. 
He refrained from willing the Berserker forwards waiting for Jillian to shoot him as he mentally spoke "Victoria, I'll see you again when it's possible." 
Tom kept himself calm and waited as Jillian fired the gun aimed at his chest. He felt the bullet penetrate him shut his eyes and slid to the floor falling unconscious.

Tom wound up coming to finding himself lying in a hospital bed with a bandage over his right side of the chest where he assumed he was shot. He felt himself clad in only pants that felt scrubs to his form along with a small body lying sideways on top of him. He recognized from the feel was Jillian's daughter, he fathered via senses blaring, sleeping as he jerked opened his eyes looking around to find himself in a hospital room lying on a bed while her offspring was lying on top of him sleeping away. He rubbed a hand on his forehead to hear loudly a vulgar comment wording talk, including a question aimed at him in Warden's voice tone. Warden was sounding furious and wanting to know what he was thinking of letting himself get shot by Jillian. Jillian according to Warden wound up locked up in some mental asylum. She claiming that he fathered her first offspring and was diagnosed of having some auditory hallucination case of hearing voices in her mind driving her mad enough to shoot her husband to death. That included him found shot by her by police hearing the gunshot noises coming to investigate and found her holding the gun they having to dart her unconscious due to her acting crazy as in talking like she was hearing voices by the way she talked to them and not properly hearing them talking hence she locked up as a result. Tom sighed and eyed Warden who gave him a golden eyed glare in response indicating him as a Compeller to his shock. He willed forwards the Berserker sensing the baby stirring from sleep and mentally blasted into Warden's mind everything that happened with Danny, ending with his decision to let Jillian shoot him. 
He quit the blasting to think to himself "It's due to figuring out that the High Council will do something like they pulled onto someone else in the past they got locked up in some asylum as in letting me get shot at by that person but made it seem like the person was crazy despite claiming of shooting a person when the victim wasn't there." 
He willed aside the Berserker once done to feel himself inclined to keep it away eyed Warden who stopped the familiar eyed look instead folded his arms and spoke "Well Amy, your Dad is awake so be a sweetie and give him a hug." 
He frowned hearing Warden's words as he heard loudly a babbling voice tone followed by the child felt hugging him which he hugged back in response to sit up from the bed while still hugging her babbling away in her gibberish. 
Tom stiffened as he heard Amy's gibberish to realize with a start that she was speaking Keo offspring's language from the way she sounded and found himself easily translating her talk "Mama sleepy too much. Grampa say she need sleep her sick she sleeps to heal. Dada have a boo aid on why?"
He sighed and eyed Amy to find her looking at him while feeling her picking onto the bandage on his chest to again hear her babble "Boo aid."
Tom spoke in Fatherland's language of German "I got hurt hence the boo aid Amy." 
He heard a throat clearing noise from Warden to add while looking at him, also speaking German "Her babbling gibberish is my hybrid side's offspring's language used by instincts controlling them. I recognized the language she used actually. It'll go away once she gets it the Human language and its use for speaking. I think she's too young to get it that she should be speaking in German than any other languages."
Tom saw Warden give him a glare cut himself off as the male spoke in Fatherland's language "She's speaking German to me in her mental talk aimed at me but uses sign language towards her Mother, Jillian as observed. Despite refusing to talk any word sounds of German to her whenever pressed to talk."
He sighed softly to hear from Amy sounding annoyed "Why Dada, Barry speaking bad words to each other?"
He eyed Amy to speak in German "Its not bad words it's another language actually we're both fluent in at the moment. Sorry was discussing something inappropriate for you to hear."
He got hugged in response to get her giving him a glaring look in response triggering his Berserker ability to hear blasting in his mind his daughter's voice tone sounding further annoyed "Bad words means you talking about me Dada. Don't like people talk about me in me presence. Mama had bad words in her head controlling her. She won't listen to me telling her I wanted attention." 
Tom mentally spoke towards Amy "I get the message on what you meant." 
He found Amy willing aside her glaring stare on her face as he did the same to his Berserker form to look at Warden who gave him Barry's familiar glaring stare. 
He gulped to realize with a start "He's Terra's Barry the Builder."
Tom wound up speaking in response "She's fluent in German actually. She told me that she gets it our talk."
Tom sighed as Warden shifted to look at Amy which the male spoke "Can't you speak in German, Amy, like any other Human around here, in Fatherland, speaks in?"
He frowned as he looked down to hear from Amy sounding in her familiar gibberish "Doctor Guy, talk nasty about Daddy. He was using words with itch and duck too about shaving his head entirely whatever that is. Another doctor a girl talked to this bad doctor about just cutting Dada's hair and called him a ducker in some nasty voice tone. Girl doctor told guy doctor to leave Dada alone to sleep. Guy doctor kept getting into the room carrying object girl doctor keeps catching him and get him out every time. This stopped when Barry arrived into room."
Tom willed forwards the Berserker and mentally related Amy's talk towards Warden who formed a glare on his face before speaking towards him mentally "Figures. I killed a doctor back then for bad medical practice done onto patients and even onto my daughter in law my son's wife actually was one of the victims, who died from it. He purposely destroyed her chance of having any children by having that organ removed and caused her to bleed to death. My son joined her soon after that in his desperation to not having her in his life. That destruction of her was due to purposely misdiagnosing her sickness for some greedy money scheme. I choked him to death using my mental abilities dubbed Cat for sounding like a cat's roar within the back of my mind, actually." 
Tom frowned hearing that willed aside the Berserker as there was a knock on the door to the room to eye the door seeing it open to show a male doctor enter the room carrying a clipboard. 
He heard Amy babble "Bad guy doctor. It's him who's bad to Dada."
He eyed the male in response that walked up to his bed and spoke "So how are you feeling?"
He heard the sarcasm of the doctor's voice tone opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over it to find Warden was the hand's owner flaring a golden eyed look aimed at the doctor. He saw appeared to gulp and look terribly nervous before darting towards the door only to halt tipping back and forth as if frozen via Warden's Compeller's voice chatter heard. Tom frowned as Warden removed his hand off his mouth and walked into view to walk into the doctor's eyesight's view while still having that familiar glaring eyed look aimed at the male. 
He eyed the doctor who spoke sounding panicky "Alright! I was paid by this deliver guy in some uniform some huge money amount of paper money in some package to give your football player nasty treatment while helping him heal from his medical ailment. I'm cash strapped at the moment thanks to some well known socialite female getting the courts to go her way on some misdiagnose on purpose medical case involving problems with implants to her breasts. It wasn't a misdiagnose or done on purpose case actually! It was the factory that made those implants did them poorly that fooled us doctors into thinking they were perfect for implantation when it wasn't. I'm still paying that female that fine as a result of the courts going her way for some huge million dollar price tag I blamed for the bad implantation done despite the factory refusing to take responsibly for it."
Tom frowned to hear from Amy babbling as the doctor stopped talking "Bad doctor tell tall tale on what he said."
He figured that tall tale was Amy's talk for lying as he continued to eye the doctor to mentally will forward the Berserker to mentally scan the male's mind seeing the actual reason for the nasty treatment towards himself willed aside the form.
Tom spoke loudly "Actually President Ward, remain silent. Just admit it, Shintaro Tanaka as you're called, that you're an actual member of the Tanaka family. The Tanaka family paid you to treat me nasty due to still carrying a grudge against the High Council. They blames for causing the death of a family member named Riana aka Marisaki Tanaka, whatever number she is."
He glared at the doctor's back to see the doctor bow his head before speaking loudly "Every single word Mister Thunder said is true regarding what I was supposed to do towards you sir. And he's not kidding that I here, is a member of the Tanaka family. I really am anyway. Besides my reputation as a medical doctor, was just an act to help my family earn their fortune including earning the money to live off comfortably. I'm not the only member of the family that is in the public industry. There's several others who are currently in that industry hiding who they really are as a part of the Tanaka family. They are using their public profession and reputation to purposely trash people such as the High Council, with the Tanaka family not gaining any eyes from the cops on that trashing status actually."
Tom frowned eyeing the doctor's back as he heard from Amy babbling "Barry, really mad hearing bad doctor's talk might do something bad."
Tom willed forwards Sinister and spoke firmly "Warden, back off. The doctor admitted what he told you are the truth. So doctor leave the room and tell no one of this admittance period." 
He glared at the doctor who without a word left the room shutting the door to find Warden flaring Human blue eyes with an angry look in them while glaring at him in some narrowed eyed look. 
Tom willed aside Sinister and spoke firmly "Not in front of Amy. She shouldn't be seeing you doing anything bad despite you in the mood to do it."
He frowned as Warden formed his familiar golden eyed look in a glare aimed at him who raised a hand aimed at him in Jinks' familiar Master mental power abilities way.
He felt himself choking mentally willed forwards the Berserker to speak mentally "Shield." 
He found himself able to breathe as he kept finding himself still choked kept up the shield command till there was a door knocking sound heard which he willed aside the Berserker as Warden stopped the choking maneuver and golden eyed look. 
He sighed to find Amy asleep on him to figure out that Warden must have willed her to sleep as he eyed the door to find a female doctor entering the room who spoke "I have a confession from a doctor I'm not going to name that some family who had a grudge against you Mister Thunder. Paid him handsomely to treat your daughter and yourself nasty such as attempts to get hers and yours head shaved of all of its hair I blocked that from happening repeatedly."
Tom spoke sensing Warden wasn't going to talk "Ugh. Thanks for telling us. Will there be any action done against that doctor for that bribery scheme?"
He frowned as a nurse darted into the room speaking loudly "Doctor Mayorga quick! You're wanted in Doctor Jones's office! We have a medical situation on our hands there!"
He frowned as the doctor spoke "Excuse me!"
Tom watched as the doctor left the room with the nurse shutting the door with a gentle slam which he spoke before Warden could comment "Sounds to me that someone overheard that doctor's confession and did something bad medically to that doctor in question."
He eyed Warden who gave him an all black eyed glare in response to find himself choked again. He willed forwards the Berserker to mentally speak the shield command to find Barry, with appearance twin to Warden, to his shock, appearing in a light show gagging Warden's throat by a hand onto it who quit choking him. 
He willed aside the Berserker to hear from Barry speaking firmly of Japanese accented "I have invested an interests in Marisaki Tanaka due to being aware of her being part of the Tanaka family, reportedly believers of the High Council back then. They ruled Shonsurra aka Alaska and Japan in some Emperor/Empress relationship involving Highlanders living there in beliefs of the High Council on Terrania. My interests in the Tanaka family runs deeper than you imagine Warden so back off on ruining my plans. Let me handle the Tanaka family and their silly grudge against you, Warden, from now on. I'll handle seeing that justice is served to them once I see fit to have that happen once the time is appropriate for it so back off on the Tanaka family now, Warden, or else."
Tom eyed Warden who stopped flaring his all black eyed look and raised his hands in a surrender gesture to see Barry release him before thrusting a finger in his direction and speaking "I suggest you explain the High Council's thinking when it comes to manipulating people to Warden, so excuse me I'm wanted elsewhere." 
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of light without saying Builder chatter sighed softly and spoke "The High Council have pulled stunts onto people as in raising them up high in position of power or social circles before publicity humiliating them via some other people doing it enough to bring them down and out of position their in."
He heard a growl from Warden to see the male flaring his familiar all black eyed look making him gulp recalling the High Council admitting on playing such a trick onto the male himself in presence of Warden's brother dubbed David with him there after the male refused to budge on accusing the group of pulling stunts like it onto people. 
Tom spoke "Alright the High Council admitted to your male sibling in my presence that they played such a stunt onto you. They admitted that due to your brother refused to budge from their attempts to drop his accusation aimed at them. He managed to outwit numerous stunts they pulled onto him in order to get him to drop that accusation. This included outwitting their attempts to play that familiar raise a person high stunt then kick them down once their high enough to humiliate them. He managed to figure that out unsure of how he did it and threw that accusation aimed at the High Council and outwitted their attempts to get him to drop the subject to the point that they outright admitted it period."
He clamped his mouth shut while hearing Warden giving off his growl sound in a louder tone sensing the male was furious with what he said willed forwards Sinister and spoke "Warden, quit that angry mood now. It's not doing anything for you but making situations worse. Stop it now and start thinking straight on what you're supposed to be doing."
He frowned eyeing Warden who spoke "I can't quit the anger. I'm furiously angry with the situation at the moment. Don't expect me to turn off my anger like a doorknob can be turned. I'm known as Warden for being an angry yeller at people including at players on the team I control." 
He willed aside Sinister while eyeing Warden warily who spoke sounding angry to him "Blast Lance Richard. Can't he honestly admit on the one who's counted on to protect Terra from disasters such as fire from space ships firing onto the planet causing destruction?" 
Tom wound up finding out what Warden meant was the Fishla arrived to Terra and fired their weapons of eaters onto the north and south poles causing some damage to the planet. He found out that the ice didn't melt entirely due to King Winter counterattacking the eaters and same with Humans living there using snow machines. Terra from the looks of it for a week had a cloudy dark sky appearance from the Fishla's firing onto the planet.
As for Tom's story Tom frowned further but didn't comment a response as Warden kept on speaking sounding distracted "I'm sick and tired of having to find out about what abilities mental or physical I have I don't know of before by either being manipulated or by accident of them taking control of me. I'm fed up with Lance Richard not being honest on this abilities bit whenever I confront him on them. He always pulls some lying excuse into my face at face to face meetings and has managed to drop the subject every time I bring it up to him. I'm angry all the time due to never knowing when some undiscovered ability will manifest and take control of me either by accident or by manipulation of people doing stunts onto me. It's annoying. "
Tom sighed softly hearing Warden's words, sounding like the male was gifted with Master abilities twin to Lance Richard, a Human god religion from the United States. It was slowly being stamped out by the High Council who didn't approve of Lance Richard. 
He sensed Amy wake up hearing her babble the Dada word again which he looked down eyeing her to hear from her speaking in German to his shock "Vika wants to wake up but some wall block her."
He eyed Warden in response despite confused to what Amy was babbling about to see the male flare his familiar look going to him putting a hand on her forehead only to hear from Amy "Dada wake Vika up wall too much for Grampa to break."
He frowned as he eyed Warden in response that shook his head showing Human blue eyes and gave him a glare which he sighed and got up from the bed still carrying Amy to hand to Warden who took without a word. He found the scene changed to find himself in his High Council's cave bedroom to eye Victoria lying in bed asleep. He wound up lying himself on top of Victoria's front while kissing her on the lips. Tom sighed getting no response and willed forwards the Berserker to place a hand onto Victoria's forehead to mentally spoke his mind reveal command. He wound up to see Victoria caged in a glass box banging onto it while looking panicky and having the Master in control from her black eyes seen. He went to the box mentally and thrust a fist into it feeling his strength not enough to break it. He sensed a presence within him in Victoria's mind to find a familiar plant he figured was one of the Meritanians thrust their fronds onto the box in some hard move cracking it apart and kept up the thrusting till the box was completely cracked which Victoria fisted her way out. 
Tom found himself withdrawing from Victoria's mind as if compelled to blink his eyes hearing her gasping loudly before hearing her speak "The Meritanians broke the wall trapping me within my mind actually."
He removed his hand to will aside the Berserker to gently hold one of Victoria's hands who squeezed it in response. 
He eyed Victoria who put a hand on his shoulder who spoke in German "Tommy, I love you." 
Tom gave a gasp as Victoria gently squeezed his hand to hear nothing else from the High Council observing via recorders. He felt the recorders turned on in the room. Tom wound up holding Victoria lengthy who cuddled him back. She wound up giving off a yawning sound finding her lying her form down onto the bed and sleeping appearing to conk out at the moment which he wrapped an arm around her. 
Tom frowned as Walls blared within his mind "Anyway Mindbender care to admit what you saw from Warden hmm? The High Council had Lance Richard's priest Warden himself, in their presence that's currently in his tube vehicle transported to there so he won't hear this. They sensed Lance Richard's presence within those First Ones that calls the priests believers of Lance Richard. So talk on what you've seen from Warden now."
Tom groaned softly and mentally spoke in response "This Master ability within Warden was taking control of him. It's due to sounding twin to Lance Richard when I whined about him being angry. He complained of what was going on involving Lance Richard giving him mental abilities. Lance Richard from Warden's complaints acted like he used Warden's body for body jumping method of using the Master abilities. It's from not having the Master ability in control by his complaints to me."
He stopped talking to frowned eyeing Victoria to sensing the Meritanian had stopped scanning him. 
He saw Victoria woke up to find the female speaking sounding annoyed in Lance Richard's voice to his shock while having the Master in control "What did the Meritanian want due to sensing him talking to you?"
Tom heard groans from Victoria followed by her speaking "Ugh quit the takeover of me now. That voice is creeping me out actually."
Tom stared at Victoria while dropping his mouth open as she added still sounding of Lance Richard to him "Edenia doesn't trust the High Council to keep their word or obey her orders. They broke her trust with the lie of the Human race being a mistake born on Edenia when their actually the oldest of all manoid species. Their planet Earth aka Terra, as it's called was actually the source of Edenia's creation including the creation of all manoid species that came from that moon world actually."
He heard Victoria groan loudly as he continued to eye her who spoke still using Lance Richard's voice tone "Besides Lance Richard has been trying to summon Edenia to send someone to keep an eye onto the High Council. The group won't suspect on doing that watching onto them visiting Shadan. The Meritanians know of this watching but their honor oath to keep this fact to themselves. I can't explain what the honor oath is actually for I'm honor oath not to talk about it as oath to the Meritanians that I wouldn't say what it is. Besides Victoria has been aware of me taking over her body to help her out of situations from time to time. It leaves a side effect of hearing voices in her mind most of the time including manifestation of new abilities after each takeover has been done as her reward for cooperating with the takeovers."
Tom gulped hearing that as Victoria who stopped flaring all black eyes to show them Human looking who spoke sounding of not Lance Richard to him "Yeah I know of what was said to you. I can see everything happening anyway. I put in that request due to being blind in situations regarding certain abilities taking control of me. I wanted to know what was going on to start thinking straight for myself instead of pestering people with questions on what the situation was after I threw one of those abilities in their faces that made me unaware of anything around me. The request was honored so I'm fine with what's going on anyway."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as Victoria added "Just let me sleep, Tommy dear."
He groaned softly and hugged Victoria as he laid awake for a long time till Meritanian's blaring words "Nighty night smarty!" blaring in his mind.
Tom felt himself hit with sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

(See Tom's Adventures in Terra)

Tom came to feeling lips kissing him on the lips he grunted from the soreness of his body reacting to the healing of the acrobatic moves of traveling all over Canada's territory with Victor accompanying him. He grunted feeling a female body straddling him he feeling himself naked of clothes. Tom rolled his eyes as the female body he felt was Victoria's managed to get himself inside her and was rocking him. He sighed loudly while hearing his name spoken by Victoria's voice. Tom sighed forming a smirk only to feel regret as Victoria got off of him followed by feeling her hand patting him on the cheek. He groaned softly and jerked open his eyes finding her leaning over him while they were in their quarters in the High Council's ocean base. He frowned eyeing Victoria who gave him one of his favorite smiles and made a come gesture with a finger and another gesture indicating he should shower. Tom sighed and didn't protest as he forced himself to get up following Victoria into the bathing room where there was a small river waterfall flowing down off a cliff and got underneath the spray. He sighed as Victoria got him into another mating ritual as the water spilled overhead raining down them. He didn't protest as Victoria broke off the mating ritual and got him out of the bathing room into their quarters. He sighed as he went to his clothes he found himself compelled to put on his familiar Shad's uniform clothes on and growled an annoyed sound at the Meritanians felt manipulating him. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Victoria he eyed put on her familiar uniform of a Recorder followed by hauling her laptop via a handle folded together and took his hand insisting loudly for him to come with her. He obeyed hand and hand walked with Victoria sensed leading the way till they both arrived to the High Council's familiar room he finding the red robes having flesh bodies in them and were moving in gestures of talk. Tom frowned finding his Berserker side refused to take control as the red robed High Council figures he figured was the group quit their gestures followed by a Souler appearing via hidden status to stand facing him. 
He frowned as he found his Berserker side in control via the Souler's voice blaring in his mind "We're the High Council and we have orders for you to do."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as he willed aside the Berserker to repeat the Souler's words to Victoria. He found Victoria cocking her head but refraining from commenting further. 
Tom again got his Berserker side in control to hear "We want your undivided loyalty, Mindbender."
He stiffened from the words that were twin to the High Council's familiar words whenever they gave him that via Shadan before giving him an order. Tom stiffened further but refused to will aside his Berserker as Victoria was sensed hugging him in a fast move. 
He frowned stiffening as he heard the familiar words blaring in his mind "You will give oath of loyalty now or else, Mindbender!"
Tom stiffened further as one of the red robed figures got up from a seat and went to the Souler tapping him on the shoulder who faded from view. He kept on stiffening as the red hooded figure walked down the stairs and went up to him yanking off the hooded area he gasped of shock. Tom willed aside his Berserker as if shocked to see Ajax's face while wearing the red hooded robe as he widened his eyes. 
He stared at Ajax as if shocked who spoke while hearing throat clearing noises from Victoria "Alright the Meritanians as they wish to be called were asked for transportation orders mid way down the gangplank falling apart like a slide. They did that transportation but dumped each High Council member into the ocean who met this fish man as we calls him which what happened to people tortured wound up happening to them in the ocean. Except the Meritanians transported the High Council out of the pool back onto the gangplank followed by them smashing through the wall one at a time despite transportation orders given. The Meritanians refused to transport the High Council out before they hit the oil burner instead said something like they deserved to be punished. It was the Meritanians who made it clear on their name change from Sages and insisted that we of the High Council work with the Soulers on controlling this planetary world of Terra. Hence I put in position as a High Council member by the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy insisting on it."
Tom exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response as Ajax without a word placed the hood back on and walked away going back to the stone seat and sat down followed by the Souler resuming his position via appearance status. 
Tom frowned as the Souler spoke blaring in his mind again triggering his Berserker side "The Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy have admitted to being bored while doing things around Terra and has started to play jokes in their amusement. Hence they selected one person out of all natives to tell when their playing jokes to say it via code words to the High Council. You'll see who's been selected on that status.'
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response willed aside his Berserker while repeating the Souler's words he said to him to Victoria's ears. He heard a loud Hmph from Victoria as he heard snickering like laughter sounding of the Meritanians blaring in his mind only to realize with a start what Victoria's Hmph sound meant. He looked down at Victoria staring up at him with her mouth into a thin line and she giving him an all black eyed glare.
Tom spoke firmly "Your the person the Meritanians selected to tell when their playing jokes?"
He eyed Victoria who spoke in response using her creepy voice "Ask me that again and the Meritanians will dump you into the ocean like anyone who asks me. They don't want to be reminded that they agreed to this status to be done onto me."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response keeping his mouth shut as he eyed Victoria in response who kissed him on the lips he kissed her back. He sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss followed by disappearing into a light show leaving him alone with the Souler and the new High Council. 
Tom frowned eyeing the Souler warily to find his Berserker side in control abruptly as he heard "So go explore the Attala and find Victor another of Victoria's offspring." He gasped hearing as he continued to hear "And get out of our presence now."
Tom found himself transported out into the middle of a road having traffic in it with horns honking and cars swerving to avoid him. He forced himself to get out of the road to the sidewalk and stood with arms folded till a loud ugh sounded loudly off his left. He found the voice's owner was a vampire appearing to be a hybrid vampire Human dubbed Sniffer that was appearing to be holding his nose and giving him a glare. 
Tom spoke in response "You know of a shelter for food, drink and sleep for me to exchange my clothes?"
He glared at the Sniffer who nasally spoke "You reek of oil from the smell of you. P.U."
Tom sighed and spoke "Just direct me to where I can clean this stink off of me since I smell."
He glared at the Sniffer who removed his finger off his nose and gave a shrugging movement followed by finding himself into a lock arm hold despite his efforts to use karate to free himself. He grunted feeling his neck bit and sucked followed by dizziness hitting him which he shook off as he was forced to sit onto the ground. He again found horns honking in a loud tone as he found himself partially on the road. Tom forced himself to get up and dizzily like a drunkard walked off the road only to feel electrical jolts of an electrical gun hitting his front followed by passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up feeling water splashed onto face he jerked open his eyes with a start feeling himself bare of clothes and only covered by a blanket. He found himself into a jail cell belonging to a police station and found a cop a female holding a cup of water over his forehead with a sneer on her face. 
Tom shook his head and sat up giving her a glare as she spoke "so the mate friend of our mother returns.'
He glared in annoyance hearing her words to see Victoria's face fully onto the female despite her having brown eyes instead of Victoria's blue eyes. 
He kept the glare while eyeing the female who thrust him a bottle and snarled to him "Drink up now."
Tom obeyed to sit up uncapping the bottle as she faded from view disappearing out of sight only to get its contents spilling onto him like soda all over the place and on his body. He felt annoyance take hold to take a sip of the drink and spat it out finding it was truly soda from the taste. Tom capped the bottle and tossed it aside aimed at the wall only to see it shatter spilling out liquid all over the place and even onto him to his disgust. He got up still holding the blanket finding its wetness made a sticky mess onto his skin. Tom gave up a sound of disgust and without as word found the jail cell's door shut to his confusion. He resumed seated on the bed wincing from the soda's liquid felt pooling onto the area. Tom ignored the soda that stuck to his skin with a sticky mess followed by drying as he sat lengthy in the narrow jail cell waiting for someone to let him out. He didn't have long to wait as the familiar cop came back displaying all blue eyes of a Souler to his disgust and got his Berserker side in control.
Tom heard "Your messy idiot! You should have drunken that drink instead of spilling it all over the place! The chief will make you clean the jail cell for that mess!"
He gave up a sound of disgust after willing aside his Berserker and didn't comment a response as the female got the jail cell's door open by a head cock of sliding the bars. He got up and walked out feeling stickiness attached to his feet while still holding the blanket to cover him out of modesty. 
Tom found the female cop thrusting out a knife via sleeve and thrusting it to his neck as he heard "Leave the blanket now or else!"
He gave her a glare with the Berserker in control only to feel a knife cut onto his neck cutting off his Berserker's side in control and willed aside. He glared at the female and without a word thrust aside the blanket into the jail cell after balling it. Tom saw the female's eyes widen seeing his sensitive part. He gave up a loud Hmph noise to get her looking up at his eyes as he gave her a glare and waved a finger into her face.
Tom got the female again ogling him with a smirk look and giving off giggles as he again spoke "Hmph, I'm not for females to ogle."
He glared at the female who didn't say a word in response shook her head followed by putting away the knife as if flicking it back into her sleeve. Tom kept the glare as the female without a word walked away disappearing in a fast blurring speed move. Tom heard a bang sound to find another set of bars slamming shut at the entrance to the hallway. He grunted and without a word went to the entrance while peering at barred jail cells that appeared to look twin to his but didn't have anyone in them as he reached the bars. Tom found another hallway as he heard a humming sound from the bars. He found his hands balked touching the bars as he found the same with his Berserker side in control. Tom felt annoyance take hold stood with arms folded a glare on his face. He waited lengthy till footsteps was heard echoing in the hallway rapid fired banging noises. Tom found the banging seemed like someone was pacing to him by the noises sounding again over and over. He forced himself to kneel with eyes shut and hands onto his thighs and waited listening to the banging till there was a bang of cell bars along with an ahem sound. He jerked open his eyes finding the female cop was there as he heard the familiar banging of pacing. Tom frowned as the female held up a toothbrush and a bucket of water she thrust onto him he gripped. 
He frowned as the female slammed the bars shut she speaking "Your cleaning the mess in that jail cell now. I got my orders so clean."
He gave a glare and without a word got up and went to his familiar jail cell finding the bars remained shut with humming sounds. 
Tom spoke noticing the female was again ogling him "A little helps here for me to clean that jail cell."
He got from the female in response "Not my problem." followed by walking out of sight he again hearing the familiar pacing noises sounding.
Tom exhaled a breath and eyed the bucket finding its color was green and holding liquid that appeared to be soap to him. Groaning he dipped the toothbrush into the soap liquid to pull it out only to find nothing indicate of soap but green dye onto the bristles. Tom felt annoyance take hold once he examined the bristles and sniffed it finding it stank of ocean plant dye to him. He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word went to the cell bars to the entrance to the hallway and again kneeled with eyes shut hands onto his thighs with the bucket sitting in front of him along with the toothbrush. Tom ignored the banging of pacing sounding loudly as he forced himself to mediate despite his mood bad again. He kept on mediating till the pacing sounded hypnotic put him to sleep which he passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling water spilling over his front along with hearing a snickering sound of a female's voice tone. He jerked opened his eyes to find the female cop was back having a hand through the cell bars pouring water over him via a cup. Tom got up in a fast move as the female dropped the cup pulling her arm with a fast move and again appeared to be ogling him to his annoyance. Tom put hands in front of his sensitive part in front of him while giving off an ahem noise. He found the female giving off a sound of disgust and with a head jerk got the cell bars open. He made a step only to find the cell bars shut as he removed his hand to only get ogled by the female again he folded his arms giving her a glare. 
Tom snarled angrily "Like what you see? Quit ogling me and get to the point of this jokey status now."
He glared at the female who kept on ogling him while looking him up and down making him roll his eyes in response. He heard a gasp from the female as he focused onto her to find her fading from view followed by the familiar footsteps sounded again. Tom again kneeled with eyes shut and waited lengthy forcing himself to mediate till he felt like willing forwards the Berserker obeyed to hear a faint gasp sound. Tom opened his eyes to peer off his left was the familiar female as he flexed a clawed hand in her direction she appearing to be staring at him with narrowed all blue eyes. He kept the flexing till the female did a double take look and again appeared to be ogling him while again giving off her faint giggling noises. Tom found the cell bars blocked his efforts to do any mental orders onto the female who remained ogling him to his disgust. He felt his mood become worse off willed aside the Berserker and gave up a roar of anger. Tom quit roaring when he found his roar echoing within the hallway of the jail cells his ears whining in pain in response. He resumed shutting his eyes and mediating till a familiar giggle was heard again he forced himself to ignore lengthy. 
Tom ignored everything around him till a loud bang noise was heard along with hearing "Get out now!"
He jerked open his eyes to find the female was accompanied by a male Souler wearing familiar blue armor with a sword out and helmet covering the head. Tom didn't comment a response instead walked out into the hallway to find his arms grabbed by two appearing Soulers as he was forced to kneel into the hallway he found was appearing to look like a cave and found a male Souler twin to a Souler known as Tutor Travis, seated in a chair with a device giving off noises he recognized. Tom formed a glare as Tutor Travis's twin gave him a narrowed eyed glare of accusation he recognized via the Souler's glare. Tom found the twin in response making a finger gesture aiming towards behind him to find a familiar Souler he recognized as Terror walking in sight speaking his familiar forgiveness line. 
Tom found himself relaying "I assassinated a Souler named Tutor Travis without giving him mercy even when he was begging for it."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as Terror disappeared into a light show followed by Tutor Travis's twin holding up a knife and felt himself thrust up to stand followed by thrust towards the Souler. He found the Soulers holding onto his arms appeared to be mind scanning him by the senses blaring and anticipating his moves of freedom as they thrust him to kneel once in front of the Souler. He formed a glare as Tutor Travis's twin without a word jabbed his knife onto his scarred cheek making cut markings very deeply that suspiciously felt like part of a square but appeared to be a triangle cut but without the triangle end. Tom glared in response while baring his teeth as the Souler succeeded onto cutting his face making deep groves. He felt his blood leaking from the cuts as the Souler with a head gesture found himself thrust to stand up followed by grimacing as the male thrust his knife onto his sensitive part as if examining it. Tom grimaced from the feel of the knife touching his sensitive part only to feel his head forced up to look at the ceiling he spotted camera domes in there. Tom grimace as he felt the knife touching his sensitive part along with feeling additional pain from it cutting him elsewhere than that area. He felt the cuts were deep groves in a half triangle mark all over his thighs inside his legs. Tom grimaced forming it on his face as the knife was again felt onto his arms mostly onto the bicep and making grove cuts onto the area. He kept on grimacing further as the knife was removed to his relief followed by feeling a needle injected into his neck along with sleepiness hitting him felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling himself in a vehicle by the jerking driving all over the place including not wearing a seatbelt. He found himself in the back of a van appearing to be empty of seats with the front blocked off via black wall that appeared to not be seeing through. Tom found the vehicle driving all over the place including swerving till it stopped with a jerk and he banged against the black wall finding it was metal. Tom found doors opening in the back followed by men appearing to be masked Sniffers grabbing him and yanking him out followed by dumping him onto the ground onto the snow. Tom got up in a fast speed move to find the van driving away leaving him standing in the snow he finding himself in front of a house alone in the forest as the road he spotted appeared busy with cars driving by fast blurring speed moves. Tom frowned feeling himself cold all over and sore from the knife cuts heard a loud Hmph behind him. He turned around to find himself not alone like he thought but a female figure clad in winter gear that made a motion to follow in an insisting move. He obeyed to follow stomping into the snow up to his knees as the female appeared to be walking onto a snowplowed path. Tom got out of the snow and walked onto the path following the female till a set of stairs appeared onto the side of the house. 
He got gibberish spoken by the female who jabbed fingers aimed at him and towards the stairs followed by hearing "Good luck." sounding in Summeran in a bad attempt of the language.
Tom exhaled a breath and went to the stairs going up them only to slip and slide onto the ice covering them. He found himself slipping and sliding all over the place till he reached the top of the stairs to find a bag of kitty litter seated next to the open doorway with a screen door shut. Tom groaned softly and forced himself to go inside the apartment finding nothing indicating of coverage for clothes. He found the apartment was a part of the house with a door to the upper part of the house with humming electricity coming from it. Tom found a hallway leading to a bathroom with closets he peered into them finding them empty of items to his disgust. He heard a doorbell ringing noise to go to the door finding no one outside only to hear a loud feminine voice yelling at him from below the stairs via gibberish spoken. Tom sighed and went out forcing himself to open the bag of kitty litter and sprayed it onto the landing and stairs while going down shivering. He reached the bottom of the stairs to find the female was back who thrust him a black suitcase he hearing her giving off snickering sounds. Tom ignored the snickering and went back up the stairs his footing firm onto the stairs with kitty litter felt sticking onto his bare feet. He went up the stairs and went into the apartment to shut the door with a gentle slam sound. Tom locked the door and opened the suitcase to find clothes inside he found indicated of sleepwear to him via the flannel pajamas and slippers along with nothing else to his disgust. He gave up a loud Hmph sound and got into the pajamas followed by going to the heater's switch on the wall to turn it on. He found the heaters were involving a plugged into heater via one corner of the room that was slow warming up the room. Tom found the heater switch refused to budge from the temperature of sixty five and found nothing to indicate of budging onto the plugged in heater. He groaned and laid his form onto the bed feeling the blanket was threadbare and made him sneeze as dust formed above him from flopping onto it on his back. Tom groaned again and without a word went to explore the apartment finding a switch for a light in the middle of the room. He found his night vision with improvements showed everything in the color purple with the exception of the heater turning pink colored. Tom sighed and went to turn on the light switch finding the light bulb going out with a pop sound. He groaned softly and went to the kitchen unit in the wall he spotted a small refrigerator to open it. Tom gulped wrinkling his nose from the smell of food inside that smelled bad and not cleaned out to his disgust. He found the food appeared to be moldy and old and disgusting which he shut the door and went to find cleaning supplies. Tom found nothing indicating of cleaning supplies in the kitchen's cupboards. He found a phone book with dust onto it as he picked up and found the thing still holding itself together. Tom took a look through the phone book finding nothing to indicate his herbal tea drink via the ads of food in it including other business. 
He kept on going to a page as if drawn stopping to put his finger onto an address he found said "Daria Mustafina."
Tom found himself frowning to the name till he found a phone and found himself dialing Daria's number. 
Tom waited as the there was an older voice with weariness answered the phone speaking "Yes something I can do for you sir?"
He spoke as if compelled "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess."
Tom cut himself off feeling annoyed with what he said as he heard from Daria he assumed was her speaking gibberish in a rapid fired paced he recognizing the language and tones was vulgarity spoken in Summeran till he cleared his throat. 
He waited till Daria spoke in response cutting off her gibberish "I'm tired. Just am tired. Not sure if I can sleep well with a renter inside my rented room especially a male renter who gave my granddaughter Daria same name as I a fright when Bloodies dumped him onto us."
Tom stiffened hearing the term Bloodies to frown forming it onto his lips as Daria was heard "I just want to sleep. I can't seem to get myself to sleep despite kept awake by this nastiness going around Egyptia."
He again stiffened cupping a hand over his mouth hearing the word Egyptia he figured was speak for Humania he figured he was disappeared gone to Humania to reside. 
Tom kept a hand over his mouth refraining from gasping out loud as the voice turned into a male voice and spoke sounding of weariness "Egypt won't get my message that it's her I want her to quit so I can rest from being the Guardian of Life and Death with multiple forms. Get her to rest and I'll do you a favor and return you from Egyptia aka Humania judging by your thinking of it. You're correct on it."
Tom gulped hearing the male voice sounding in his ear as he heard it shift into Daria's voice sounding firmly annoyed "What's the point of calling me?"
He spoke firmly "I wasn't made aware that renters could call the landlord to ask for various items needed in their residence-"
He was interrupted "It's your job to get what you need for that apartment. So explore the city of Yekaterinburg and you'll find what you need. Also get a job while you're at it. You owe me rent for that room."
He found the dial tone in his ear. 
Groaned softly to hang up only to hear a male voice speaking "Don't hang up! I want to talk to you!"
Tom sighed recognizing the voice as the Guardian of Life and Death blaring onto the phone as he spoke "You have my undivided attention."
He waited as the voice spoke "Just got to warn you that whoever becomes the Guardian of Life and Death has to suffer from something involving a deadly injury. You may find yourself living in Humania for awhile till she gets fed up with you and throw you into my position to convince Egypt with her fight with me to leave my people alive when I should have them join the ages as in permanent disappearance."
Tom opened his mouth to speak only to hear a sound of a female's voice onto the line speaking "Operator's services May I help you?"
Tom hung up without a word and went to the window finding it was snowing heavily outside. He grunted an annoyed sound and went to the heater to sit on the floor nearby it warming himself up. Tom felt a compulsion to get up which he obeyed feeling annoyance take hold figuring the storm was something else to keep him contained in his residence. He threw open the doors finding sunlight blaring within a blink of an eye move to his annoyance. Tom gave up a loud Hmph and without a word went down the stairs feeling the kitty litter kept the ice forming over it while still clad in his slippers and pajamas clothes. He found new snow formed covering the pathway only to find a pathway to the fence form in its place. Tom exhaled a breath and forced himself to stomp through the snow finding it form its familiar pathway of snowplowed pathway. He kept on walking ignoring sunlight blinking on and off making night time forming including sunlight forming he annoyed to see. Tom ignored the sunlight to walk further onto the street via the road facing traffic. He kept on walking making sure he paid attention to where he was going find cars heading towards him he found them slipping through him like ghosts to his annoyance. Tom looked around to spot the sunlight was shining in a direction as the moon was indicating a path for him to take which he proceeded to follow the lights to a bridge finding it disappeared from his foot stepping onto it. Tom gave up another Hmph sound and proceeded to march onto the bridge blinking in and out within his eyesight. He kept on marching going into the city he saw looked twin to a Human dominated city which he again followed the sunlight and moonlight shining to march off the bridge. Tom kept on walking finding himself going through buildings like an astral projection and found both lights kept on guiding him lengthy till he arrived to a beach with water looking angry and dark like a hurricane storm. Tom gulped but found the lights guided him into the stormy water he found himself compelled to remove his clothes which he obeyed leaving the pajamas and slippers onto the ground. Tom once naked felt coldness hitting him only to find the sunlight shining warming him up as he forced himself to go into the water. He found the water was indicating of mud and appeared to be waist deep trying to hold onto him from walking further. Tom willed forwards his Berserker side and mentally charged up his body with electricity. He found his Berserker side got the mud to flatten followed by the water going away leaving a dry arid field of dirt. Tom willed aside his Berserker only to find the familiar muddy water appearing into sight surrounding him keeping him from moving further. He felt disgust take hold willed forwards the Berserker and found the familiar field which he kept his side in control while marching onto the field. Tom kept on marching finding ghostly forms of outlines appear in front of him speaking gibberish. He ignored the gibberish and outlines to keep on walking. Tom found his feet walking onto sand followed by a sandstorm blowing making his eyes hard to see where he was going. He mentally recalled his fly mental order gave it to find the sand storm flying around him and ignoring him as he looked to find the familiar lights again guiding him to keep on walking. Tom kept on walking till he met Anubis standing alone in the sand as he found the jackal head warrior ignoring him and remained standing staring onto the horizon. Tom kept walking further into the sand that turned to quicksand halting his efforts to walk. He mentally ordered the fly command to cease along with zapping to find lightening flashing above along with feeling his body hit with it. Tom willed aside the zapping to keep his Berserker in control till he felt the quick sanded earth managed to grab him via her claws felt onto his back he felt was of Banshee claws. Tom found the Banshee claws kept on hanging onto his back and was trying to pull him towards the city as he gave resistance and with a growl removed the claws off his back to turn around finding himself facing a figure seated in a white chair wearing a white suit with a look of a Sniffer. He found flapping on wings was a large bald eagle in some hovering position while next to the figure he recognized as the Guardian of Life and Death wearing a Sniffer's face. 
Tom grimaced seeing the Guardian of Life and Death who spoke "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales on your life."
He heard the eagle shriek some cry only to hear a bong sound of a bell sounding twelve times he counted followed by the Guardian of Life and Death standing up addressing the bird "It's your life now who I will judge on my scales, Egypt."
Tom exhaled a breath and refrained from commenting a word as the eagle gave up shrieking cries he heard sounded of denial in her voice tone. 
Tom frowned as the Guardian of Life and Death with weariness seen from the male spoke "It's your turn to be judged Egypt." He heard the tiredness of the male's voice tone to keep his mouth shut as the eagle again gave up a shriek sounding of denial.
Tom spoke firmly "Why deny the Guardian of Life and Death a chance to sleep his eternal rest? He's tired from all this contests you threw him into. He wants to sleep and rest forever. So grant him his last request and let yourself be judged."
He found himself without the Berserker in control in find himself wearing the Guardian of Life and Death's clothes onto his form as the eagle shrieked him hearing "Tutor Travis!"
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing the eagle in the eyes "I ask for his forgiveness for causing his death for I was the hand that assassinated him."
Tom found himself back facing the Guardian of Life and Death displaying a Sniffer vampire form he recognized as Nikolas from memory of him as the male appeared to be lifting up a hand towards the eagle. Tom frowned as an energy ball of lightening came out of the eagle and went to the male's hand who put it onto a set of scales that showed heaviest down towards the earth. He kept on watching as the Guardian let go of the energy ball followed by the scale tipping back and forth before settling onto one side followed by hearing a bong sound of a bell ringing. Tom found fire appearing in the middle of the eagle and consumed it entirely. He eyed the Guardian who without a word went to sit down into his stone chair till he heard a familiar sound of a ticking noise of a clock. Tom frowned as the Guardian shifted form into Jinks Montreal complete with the scar on his face who stood up holding a hand towards him. He gulped when he saw an energy ball of lightening came out of his chest he feeling nothing involving pain. Tom kept watching as the Guardian placed the energy ball onto the scales followed by it tipping back and forth before focusing onto one side becoming heavy. 
He didn't say a word as the Guardian went to sit down into his chair and spoke loudly "I can now rest. I have done my duty and my promise to you. Return Tom to where you came from."
Tom found the Guardian putting hands over his mouth and making a blowing gesture he finding himself thrown backwards in a fast move finding himself traveling through space from the looks of it past Humania and Edenia still orbiting Aire. He felt regret on not able to return to Aire as he found himself flying in space among the stars finding himself taking a direction as if guided mentally to there. Tom kept on watching the space scene to find a familiar planet come into view he recognized as Jupiter one of the planets in the Human Earth's galaxy. Tom found himself flying past Jupiter till he reached a planet that made him think it was Earth but figured it was Mars colonized by the Humans by the oceans looking red. He found himself flying past Mars to reach Terra and her dead moon Luna that shined lights from the Elves taking residence into it. Tom kept flying into the planet going over land and over the ocean he spotted the Attala from the air resembled a large Meritanian plant that had fronds as trees all over the place as he kept on flying towards the United States of America's land mostly what remained of it. Tom kept on flying towards the land till he found his eyesight turn purple to his confusion. He found himself lying in something hard and metallic with purple all around him. 
Tom heard voices chanting "Ay Kabaiya!"
He frowned shaking his head as the chanting became louder and louder till he was compelled to speak spoke "Ay Kabaiya!"
Tom found light blaring into his eyesight along with hearing "Damn you're like a cat with nine lives!"
Tom frowned hearing the voice sounded of Victoria's as he felt lips touching his lips while hearing a loud sound of disgust. Tom kissed the lips he recognized belonged to Victoria's as he smelled ocean air. 
He found himself lying onto dirt ground as Victoria broke off the kiss to his regret and patted his cheek while speaking "Wake up Tom!"
Tom heard the voice become insisting and louder along with patting onto his cheeks become slapping angry fists. He groaned loudly while shaking the effects of sleep within him while flexing his hands he felt his Berserker in control willed it aside while groaning loudly. 
Tom heard a shriek of joy sounding in Victoria's voice along with Victoria excitedly speaking "Tom! That's it! Fight it now! Come back to me!"
He obeyed concentrating onto Victoria's voice as he found himself weak and back into his body while shaking his head along with feeling her hand rubbing his scarred cheek. Tom sighed and pushed his face into Victoria's hand as he felt sleepiness kept on pursuing him. 
He willed forwards his Berserker mentally giving off repeatedly "Shield."
Tom found the sleepiness quit followed by removing the Berserker and jerking opens his eyes to find Victoria leaning over him giving him one of his favorite smiles. He sighed and found himself still having some strength raised his hand to find Victoria grabbing it and holding it onto her chest right over her heart. Tom sighed but didn't comment a response as Victoria made a sign for quiet with another hand. He eyed Victoria while finding himself lying in the High Council's cave room her kneeling onto the floor next to him. He forced himself to sit up as he found a pair of Soulers standing in the room facing Ajax with face bared wearing the red hooded robe giving them a glare of accusation. Tom got up quietly helped by Victoria and willed forwards the Berserker hearing snickering like laughter sounding within his mind of the Meritanians. He heard Victoria's familiar Hmph noise to stand with arms folded ignoring his naked status while glaring at the two Soulers who appeared to not notice him up and awake but were staring at Ajax. Tom found Ajax appeared to see him by eyes widening but remained staring at the Soulers giving them a glare of accusation. He willed aside the Berserker and figured his fist will do towards the Soulers. Tom went to the Soulers ignoring Victoria still holding onto his right hand. He tapped a Souler onto the shoulder from behind with his left hand and waited for the male to turn and look. He didn't have long to wait as the Souler looked which he found himself slapping the male onto the face instead of punching him. The Souler he slapped gave up a grunt of surprise as he found the Souler's companion turning to look towards the noises which he did the same thing and slapped the male onto the face. 
Tom snarled loudly as if compelled as the Soulers looked at him with eyes widening "That's for hurting me and causing my Victoria a fright."
He gave the Soulers a glare of accusation feeling Victoria hugging him abruptly body touching his body despite she clad in her familiar uniform. Tom hugged Victoria while rubbing hands onto her backside not sparing her seat and pressed her form into his body as tight as he could while waving a fisted free hand towards the Soulers. Tom glared as he heard Meritanians' snickering like laughter to find the two Soulers disappearing into light shows. He eyed Ajax who gave up a loud Hmph and without a word resumed covering his head with the hood and went to sit down. Tom felt Victoria's hands rubbing him on the chest rubbing his nipples which he sighed from her rubbing. He sighed as he felt tears spilling from her eyes dripping onto his shoulder from her leaning her chin onto the area. 
He kept his arms around Victoria seemingly lengthy till he heard triggering the Berserker "Enough of that! Recorder, take Mindbender to where he can get himself properly attired now!"
He didn't protest as Victoria weep out in a tearful voice "Just transport us to our quarters now."
He heard nothing in response from the Meritanians, willed aside his Berserker, to find himself and Victoria back into his quarters with her. Tom felt himself itching to mate via his urges hitting him got Victoria lying onto the bed weeping out tears and stripped her of her uniform she kept on crying. He ignored her crying as he lay his form on top of Victoria's finding her legs wrap around him parting to grant him entry inside her. Tom sighed and entered Victoria finding himself hit with his familiar happy feeling once he was inside her. Tom sighed and began thrusting in and out of Victoria who remained still while crying away she felt running hands through his hair. Tom sighed and rolled his eyes once done spilling himself inside Victoria while hearing her giving off his name as always. He adjusted himself to lie on top of Victoria head level with her head and gently hugged her while feeling relieved to have her body touching his body. Tom kept himself silent as Victoria had her crying bout feeling her hands running through his hair yanking at the strands. Tom sighed softly and remained hugging Victoria lengthy till she became silent he finding her sleeping when he looked at her face with a peaceful look on it. He sighed and forced himself to lie on top of Victoria still hugging her sleeping as he adjusted the blankets to cover them both and remained lying there hugging her for a lengthy time period.
Tom heard within his mind "Nighty night smarty!"
He sighed hearing Walls's familiar voice speaking Ramses' familiar line involving putting people to sleep to feel himself falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to as if compelled to find himself pacing inside an apartment from the looks of it. Tom saw Jinks Montreal's residence dining room and found himself in the dining room, while looking out a window. He saw the window was showing the setting sun with the light soon going away and the stars with the moon were shining. He grumbled as if compelled, remembering the argument with Victoria before he took his ill fated mission, as ordered by the High Council. The argument was about the book she was writing involving some fiction term and not a living record of Terra, as ordered by the High Council. Hence Victoria wound up as a victim of the High Council's angry rage of mind raping her and dumping her off planet. He wound up defying the High Council to retrieve her in his rage killing various innocent people not sparing Highlanders. Victoria, he recalled wound up as a victim of the mind rape from ignoring the High Council's orders not to type onto the laptop her story involving a book she was writing fiction wise. Tom wound up kneeling onto the floor mediating as if compelled while trapped in the residence's dining room. He focused onto an Elf Queen who was walking in the garden towards an arched archway when a light flashed and he saw a High Council servant wearing a mask with pointed ears appears in front of her as her hands went up. The Queen stared at the servant as an image of a kneeling Victoria with panic on her face appeared in his mind. The image settled on Tom, himself lying next to Victoria and then focused on his bare left arm that was turning from a pale tan color to black indicating of poisoned to his shock. 
The Queen he kept on gasping of shock formed an image of an Elf male medic in her hospital in his mind and spoke "He's said to be creating the antidote which is ready to be tested onto a willing victim." 
The Servant howled mentally "Antidote is created already!”
Tom found himself in a house when he heard his name called. He focused on the voice sounding of Victoria's in a tearful status he clung to while in the house acting unconscious. 
“Victoria's in trouble without me living for her." He said. 
Tom wound up processing images into his mind of why he should live for Victoria as he stood pacing in the house, locked there. He felt a compulsion to leave the house to see a flying machine, some hybrid of a helicopter and plane, came hovering down landing in front of him with blades whipping. Tom got in the machine and it flew towards the ocean where an endless body of water was ending in a cliffhanger towards an eater mountain. Tom frowned to focused onto the Elf's Queen in the garden nodded her head towards the servant with a mental image of a grey room with an arched circle in the middle indicating the travel gate. The servant turned and entered the garden arch with a flash of light. Tom found the helicopter flying away from the eater mountain and landed onto a familiar building he recognized as a hospital landing pad. He found himself guided by compulsion to enter the hospital building running through the entrance towards a door. He opened the door and took the stairs up skipping them two at a time. He reached a grey room through a hallway and there a figure appearing to look like a Meritanian clad in a white robe stood with arms folded. Tom paused as the Meritanian gave him a mental image of a place. He concentrated on as he walked under the arch finding himself back into his body while feeling a stinging stinger pain in his left arm. He grimace from the feeling of pain as the arm was felt it's stopped stinging enough to feel a needle injected into the area. Tom passed out unconscious to wound up dreaming of himself lying in a bed watched by the Elf's Queen who stood watching. Tom found himself cuddling Victoria holding a newborn baby in her arms from lying in the bed. He scanned the baby with his Berserker side in control as he sensed the Queen, next to the bed doing the same. Tom found the baby's mental shields were up blocking him from scanning further. With a frown the Queen was sensed giving him a mental sleep order at his offspring and Victoria who both slumped over with eyes closed. 
He heard a voice in female tones in his mind coming from the Meritanian speaking “It is I the Meritanian, aka Merra who is talking to you in your mind.” 
He stared at the sleeping baby and Victoria, as the other servants looked with curiosity in their faces.
The Meritanian sounding of Merra from Shadan continued speaking “Who do you think gave them the images of your trap cycles ago, High Council? Hence they seemingly aware of the assassination order you gave, enough to poison Mindbender. They are demanding a payment price for your actions of allowing Mindbender to get out of control. It's you High Council who they blame for this stunt in Egyptia's city of Sydney, actually.” 
Tom wound up hearing himself gasp loudly as he wound up seeing images in his mind’s eye. Tom figured that the Meritanian was broadcasting to the High Council at the same time while he was out unconscious. He wound up seeing via his mind, the Meritanian giving him images that showed the Queen in a clearing falling towards the ground from an apparent deathly status involving Tom's Berserker side. Tom, saw himself stood in the clearing with Berserker side in control. The image focused on Queen's servants attacking Tom who held up a hand mentally knocking them down then withdrawing his Berserker side. He saw his face had a horror look and saw himself, kneel then showed others entering the clearing with angry looks on their faces. One of them pulled out his gun weapon placing it on Tom’s arm, appearing to be a syringe, and pulled the trigger. He slumped over falling towards the ground appearing to be unconscious and disappeared into a light show. Tom wound up finding Victoria appear via light show running hands all over him including finding the injection sight via arm and looking panicky. He found his finger on his left hand turned black to indicate poison. 
Tom stiffened as the Merra, he figured was the Meritanian, added “You, High Council and the Soulers, with their mind link can control Mindbender but not when he’s in one of his murderous rages. Believe me I know this from him attacking the natives of Egyptia in some murderous rage move. I had to bring people to cooperate with Mindbender's attempts to return him, his Victoria to Terra, just to calm him down.”
Tom found the Queen looked at a sleeping Victoria, and eyeing him warily, as she frowned then he heard Merra say “Tom, as he calls himself, from mind scans of him, appeared to have a Mother raiser who had terrible angry rages which she passed to him. He is easily quick to be angry and will not hesitate to let the anger take control of him."
Tom glared at the Queen with annoyance running through him. He recalled fully as if compelled that the Queen was bait for a trap to kill him via poisoned syringe gun to arm. He felt annoyance take hold while glaring at the Queen as the Meritanian was sensed silent and not scanning him. Tom wound up eyeing the Queen with a glare as he hugged Victoria and his offspring tighter. He kept the glare as the Queen jerked her head towards him. He felt sleepiness hitting him found his Berserker side refused to take control no matter how he tried. Tom found himself passing out unconscious. 

He felt confusion to what was going within him back and forth within his mind as he came to, being dumped repeatedly into a pool of water. He wound up feeling himself dropped into the water followed by transported into the air, repeatedly back and forth to his disgust. 
Tom wound up roaring "Stop it! Now you stinking Meritanian!" then as he fell into a pool of water in response. 
He struggled floundering in the pool only to feel his seat touching the bottom indicating a bath tub out of rock to him. Tom felt himself still out of it as he felt hands rubbing him all over the place. The hands' felt familiar like they belonged to someone he thought was familiar but wasn't sure who.
He blurt to his shock "Victoria."
Tom found himself repeating the word Victoria over and over while hands rubbed him all over not sparing his sensitive part. He groaned feeling a painful headache hitting him he grimaced from the pain. Tom grimaced as he found himself forced up to stand on shaky legs while urged to keep his eyes shut. He found a pair of arms hauling him with great strength out of the pool, a bath, he figured what it was. He found himself weak kneed to kneel and didn't protest as the hands were felt rubbing him all over with a towel. Tom kept his eyes shut feeling his left arm stung of pain again, making him groan. He felt sleepiness hitting him shook his head while rubbing hands over his eyes. Tom found the hands got him up and into a pair of shorts followed by forced to walk stumbling over different floors. He felt rugged floors and smooth floors till he was forced to lie down onto a bed. Tom sigh feeling himself relieved to be lying down. He lay as he heard a familiar sound of a laptop computer going rapid fired pace that seemed familiar to him. Tom lazily opened his eyes shaking from the glow of lights shining overhead. He focused onto a figure sitting on the bed next to him making the noises that got quieter and quieter. Tom focused seeing purple colors and grey including brown. He found his eyesight refused to focus for him as he squinted at the figure appearing to be blurry. Tom focused elsewhere finding his eyesight was still blurry and refused to let him clearly see. 
He groaned loudly and spoke "I can't see anything clearly."
Tom found himself the reception of lips kissing him on the lips including hands touching his cheeks in some soothing move of rubs. He kissed back in response and squinted at the figure he figured was Victoria.
He again spoke "What's going on with my eyesight anyway?"
He frowned as he heard garbled talk he didn't get it what Victoria was saying than there was silence. Tom frowned as he realized his hearing wasn't there strongly as he wanted.
He spoke loudly not hearing himself "My hearing is bad. I can't hear a thing very good."
Tom focused onto Victoria with squinting to feel one of her hands onto his right hand forming it into letters. 
He spelled out loud "Your poisoned and suffering from the side effects of the antidote."
Tom spoke "How long will this antidote status last me anyway?"
He spelled out via her manipulating his hand "Don't know. Doctors not sure. Sorry Tom."
He again got her manipulating his hand he spelled out "Just go to sleep and sleep it off now."
Tom groaned loudly and without a word of protest shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. He found himself urged to remain awake to his disgust. Tom opened his eyes and stared at the blurry purple figure of Victoria typing away via behavior while on the laptop. He kept on staring seemingly lengthy till Victoria set aside the laptop via her blurry movements and laid her form down onto him. He felt her head onto his chest along with a blanket adjusted to cover her followed by hearing the Meritanians' familiar comment in his mind.
"Nighty night Smarty!" He heard from Walls.
Tom shut his eyes and found himself passing out unconscious to dream a dream.

He dreamed of Alesia, the Keos' Queen as if drawn. He found her listening to Peter, the Meritanian's talk mentioning Thurin his father. Tom found Peter's talk not clear in his mind as he focused onto the Queen talking. He couldn't hear her talking but could only see her moving her mouth. Tom watched as the Queen after talking about Thurin, went to mental asylum. Tom grimaced recalling that he wasn't able to confront his Father on manipulating him to kill a Keo. He saw the Queen in the mental asylum talking to doctors. 
He listens as the doctor spoke "I'm warning you about Thurin displaying some odd eyed ability whenever angry at Keos. That despite the species normally flaring that look when their furious but the eyed look is different from normal Keos' looks." 
Alesia, he watched, went to Thurin's cell to talk to Thurin. 
He frowned as Alesia spoke "Aren't you remorseful for the killing of the Keo?"
Thurin to his shock speaks "I'm not remorseful for the manipulating! Stop asking me questions involving this!"
Alesia he listened, don't seem to listen to Thurin's request instead repeats her question over and over. She gets Thurin to get angry enough to display that odd eyed look, he saw is similar to Banshee but is more human like, as the guards behind the Queen give up grunting noises along with groaning sounds loudly. She looked behind her, Tom saw, to find the guards pinned to the wall and struggling to free themselves. 
Alesia, shifted to eyes Thurin who snarls sounding angry "I made an oath to have the Keo who shot my mate to death die by my son's hand. I made sure that the oath came true period. No matter the cost it'll do for me and my son. " 
Tom stiffened hearing Thurin's words as Alesia, he eyes with disgust appeared to feel creep out leaves the cell with guards finding themselves not pinned following her out. She, he saw, eyes Thurin through the window that stops flaring that eyed look instead get up going to the window to wave his hand. He felt some compulsion to free Thurin to see Alesia shakes her head of it and walks away while hearing banging sounds coming from the cell. Tom wound up figuring that its Thurin's angry reactions towards people not falling to his free him trick. She leaves the asylum, as he came to feeling lips kissing him on the lips. Tom felt the lips were Victoria's. He kissed back in response and felt regret when she broke it off. He opened his eyes to feel a cloth covering the area along with his ears plugged of ear plugs to his confusion. 
Tom spoke "Victoria, what's going on with me?"
He frowned as Victoria grabbed his right hand and finger spelled words he spelled out "Antidote experimental drug. Never been tried before onto manoids. Sorry but it did kill off the poison. High Council is being a pest on results of drug improvements to you."
Tom groaned unsure if he was groaning loudly or not. He frowned as Victoria released his hand to set something that suspiciously felt like her laptop onto his chest. He felt vibrations of her typing rapid fired paced onto that thing sitting on his chest. Tom sighed and forced himself to lie there while using other senses to cue him to the room's contents. He frowned as he felt bored lying there wearing the blindfold and ear plugs to reach a hand towards them. Tom found his hand grabbed including yanked away from them.
He spoke "I'm bored. I want to see you, Victoria."
Victoria, he felt finger spelled his right hand he spelled "Same here. I want you to look at me. But your sicknesses take priority."
He again groaned as Victoria was felt resuming the typing onto the laptop. Tom felt Victoria's hand onto his hand again but this time it was affectionate squeeze. He squeezed in response but felt regret when her hand left him. Tom focused onto Victoria typing onto the laptop forcing his mind to wander all over the place. He felt relief when Victoria removed the laptop followed by feeling her manipulating the bed to lie down, head onto his chest. Tom wrapped arms around Victoria as she adjusted the blanket and appeared to be fallen asleep. He shut his eyes and forced himself to sleep despite itching to remove the blindfold and ear plugs, he ignored the compulsion. Tom found himself dreaming a dream as if compelled. He wound up dreaming of his son Rin on Uzan who gets transported through the gate. He saw Rin wound up finding himself in some Keo nest which Keos raise him as if feeling like needing to do it. He saw Rin as a child able to talk gets images of a male within his mind he feels like he knows this male but isn't sure. 
Tom felt disgust seeing Rin meets the Banshee Queen spoke to him mentally "I'm warning you of Tom aka Mindbender, a servant of the High Council, targeting Keos." 
She wound up giving out a description of Tom himself, very clearly. Tom wound up seeing Rin wound up to realize that the male in his mind is Tom, himself. He's seeing doing various things involving spying onto him.
"Truthseeker is a special Keo male" Rin is told to Tom's disgust by a Keo "Tom's father and kept contained in the nest to keep out of the High Council's hands. From reportedly Truthseeker has displayed some ability to defeat Tom using mental abilities onto Keos." 
He frowns seeing a Keo manipulating himself to mate with a female Keo.
It's due to overhearing talk among Keos speaking "I'm curious on wanting to see if Tom can pass down his mental abilities onto offspring through Keo females. The High Council is doing the same thing to Tom but have him targeting Human females instead. We have managed to learn that the Human females half the time wound up carrying along with the offspring always as usual inherits from their mothers and nothing from their father despite Tom fathering them." 
Tom felt disgust take hold dreaming that dream continued to dream of his son as if compelled. He saw via Rin in the eating room belonging to the Keos spying onto him.
Rin via mind scans appeared to see a scene of himself talking to the High Council, his son eavesdrops on them "Mindbender, we will have you transported to the Keos' nest to take out their Queen. The Meritanians are refusing to transport her to us repeatedly along with tossing aside the asker into the ocean in response to that request." 
Rin eavesdropped "Meritanians, we orders Mindbender transported now."
He focused onto Rin who howled out "Tom is arriving via Meritanian transportation!"
Tom watched to see himself appear in the room with Berserker form in control using his powers onto Keos in the room. He grimaced seeing his son, not spared from the mental powers uses. Tom saw Truthseeker, he recognized as Thurin, his father, enter the room unaffected by his mental powers. Thurin, he saw appeared to going up to him and appeared to get him to stop by Keos all around and himself no longer affected by his mental powers. Tom eyed Rin as if drawn to see his son's eyes shift into one color indicating the Master. He recalled his own sinister mental abilities, as taught by a crowned Human male with all black eyes contacting him in dreams about the uses of them that refuse to identify himself. He saw Rin wills the Master, forwards to eye him who walks away and gets transported out. 
Truthseeker eyes Rin making him nervous and speaks loudly "I heard Rin give out warning of Tom's arrival proving him to be actually Tom's offspring."
He heard the Keos' reaction was shock hearing as Truthseeker continues "It's judging by the look of his face similar to the female escort seen hanging around Tom that proves it period. I want Rin to admit how he knew of Tom's arrival now." 
Tom finds Keos looking at Rin along with the Queen with looks of hope and awe instead of accusation. 
Rin, he hears admits "It's from seeing my Father via images in my mind. Shows what Tom is doing all the time with no break from the images in my mind that focus onto my Father along with overhearing what's said between my Father and people in the vicinity." 
Tom felt annoyance hearing that admittances as the Queen a proxy Queen in Keo form wound up going up to Rin and putting a hand on his cheek. He stiffened as he felt his mind scanned from senses blaring. Tom wound up finding memories of the Master ability taught by a male, identified as Lance Richard, flashing in his mind. He wound up dreaming of what was shown in his mind via dream of Rin. 
Along with the images in his mind of himself in the High Council's presence talking "The death of a Queen via the execution attack was successful." 
He heard the High Council speak "We agree with your talk Your Majesty, for the poisoning injection worked but there's a price tag to pay for the experiment done onto Mindbender."
Tom wound up to realize that the High Council did something to him and his body, to fool him into thinking that an Elf Queen died by his hand. Hence he was having dreams to indicate it. He doesn't comment a response to the thinking as he felt his mind scanned quit via sense. 
Tom wound up to dream of the Keos' Queen loudly speaking "Rin is telling the truth that he has images of Tom within his mind along with seeing what his Father is doing and overhearing what's said between Tom and whoever Tom is in contact with. I see Tom talking to the High Council overhearing their words talking about a successful assassination of a Queen. I know that it’s a trick by Truthseeker who fooled Tom into thinking that to tell the High Council of it." 
Tom eyed Rin via dream who doesn't comment a response as he is given a whistle by string by a Keo putting it around his neck and told "Just keep it permanently on your form period just to blow it whenever Tom is overheard ordered to be transported to the Keos' nest to take out our Queen or attack us period. Hearing the sound will alert us of it enough to get Truthseeker to Tom to counterattack Tom's attack." 
Rin, he saw doesn't protest to that wears the whistle all the time as he grows up only blowing it if Tom is ordered transported to the Keos' nest for attacks. He finds Truthseeker as usual managed to keep him from harming Keos by getting into his presence and counterattacking the attack. 
He saw a young boy child meeting Rin which a Keo spoke "His name is Turbo. Your brother, also fathered by Tom. Born by a Keo female who's passed away from the birth. The Queen ordered females to avoid mating with Tom period." 
Turbo once old enough to protect Rin sticks by him refusing to leave him alone to his annoyance. Tom dreamed of Turbo continued to hang around Rin like glue, showing that his brother has inherited from him.
He saw that Turbo once he reached his big size acts as Rin's bodyguard against Keos asking "What's Tom doing?" 
As in picking on him for what Tom is doing repeatedly over and over along with his brother getting into Keos' faces "You leave Rin alone period!" 
The confrontations always get Keos to back off. He finds his Father, himself and his sons outliving normal Keo life spans. The Queen he finds gets replaced from time to time while noticing that Truthseeker outlives Keo life spans to the relief of the Keos. They overheard talking about it him overhearing their talk while in the eating room from time to time. Keos clam up whenever Truthseeker arrives to there only whispering in the Keo's presence. He finds that the Keos are nervous to displease Truthseeker after the Keo leaves the room from overhearing them talking about it. 
Tom wound up dreaming as if compelled, as he finds the Keos acquire a male Human with golden Builder like eyes and twin Barry's appearance speaking "I'm called Larry. I'm a part of a Humanoid species, a Builder who can control people via voice talent orders. Along with seeing various scenarios in my mind with concentration can focus onto one of them. Barry the Builder has similar abilities I has including the mind ability of seeing various scenarios. Barry serving the High Council despite twin to appearance is actually a brother of me. There are two other brothers totaling four of them. I don't know where the other two went despite hearing from Barry denials about encountering those brothers once asked." 
Tom finds that Larry avoids questions aimed at him by Keos asking "Who's the oldest brother you or Barry?"
Larry wound up by telling Keos off "It's none of your business!" in some tone. 
Rin spoke out in Larry's face "Barry got to you didn't he? He told you to keep your mouth shut on who's the oldest brother." which Larry admits to that. 
Larry added "Barry has indicated that he's not fooled by the Meritanians who habitually plays jokes onto the High Council and whoever serving the group. It's why Barry is serving the group to counterattack the plants' jokes. I was fooled by the Meritanians playing some joke. Hence Barry using the voice to keep me from getting hurt by dumping me onto the Keos by insisting that they needed a Builder to assist on various things without specifically saying why I was actually dumped. Hinted to me about something about keeping me safe from harm which the Keos would provide that safety issue." 
Rin asks Larry "How you feel towards Barry?"
He hears with Keos eavesdropping while their in the eating room with Turbo "I feel some family connection towards Barry. Senses my brother felt the same thing by the way Barry looked at me. Got me to safety out of the Meritanians' joke stunt of having me dumped into the ocean. My brother managed to get me transported before I fell into the water. It's from seeing something funny with the water indicating some water gonoid feeding in the area that would harm manoids. From hearing from my brother telling me off on the rescue that the High Council has some trapped gonoid they used to dump bodies of the dead servants of them for the gonoid to feed off of. The gonoid in the water was twin to that trapped gonoid would target me by my size would be easy to feed off of." 
He finds that Larry gives off a tut sound whenever he indicates that Barry is concentrating on seeing through Keos hanging around in the room looking in their direction. Larry keeps up giving up that tut sound repeatedly as indicating that spying till his brother stops doing it is when the sound is stopped. 
Rin asks Larry "About the spying? Does it involve overhearing talk? I'm having such ability to spy on my Father and overhear what's said related to whoever is talking to Tom aka Mindbender himself doing nasty things to Keos."
He finds that Larry admitted "I can't hear talk despite seeing various scenarios. I'm not sure if Barry has that ability to hear talk despite indicating that he doesn't seem to have it. As seen by my brother's actions towards people are aware that habitually spies on from time to time including not sparing me and the two of you from the spying habit either." 
Tom continued to dream watching as if compelled as Rin gets transported to the High Council unexpectedly seeing Barry in his presence along with sensing mind scanned from the group. 
The High Council via memory of the Meritanian, Ramses' blaring "The High Council orders Mindbender to their presence now."
Tom recalled as if compelled by the memory the High Council ordered once he was in their presence "You're to scan this First One's mind now." 
He had obeyed while feeling his mind scanned to see Rin could see him anywhere he was via image in his mind. Tom recalled he wound up to give Rin a look of accusation in his eyes as his son gives an identical look. 
He hears the High Council order "We want this First One asleep and into tube now!"
Only to hear Ramses give off wording that sound not right and Barry speaking Builder chatter to find himself in his sleeping room. Rin facing him, who he gags using his Berserker side in control which Rin uses the Master to get him off of him finding no success of that happening till Barry is overheard telling him off on that. He found Rin doesn’t flinch from him willing aside the Berserker ability and throwing a fist in Rin's face not really touching him. It's from seeing Keos doing it to their offspring when the child misbehaves and finds that no flinching status seen from the Keos' offspring keeps the offspring safe from being further fisted. Works with the offspring and finds it works with him doing it to Rin. Till Barry speaks Builder talk to find Rin back in the nesting room grabbed by Turbo feeling relieved to see him. 
Larry spoke "Where have you been, Rin? Talk or I'll compel it out of you."
Rin wound up speaking "Just to the High Council-"
Turbo interrupted snarling "Blast them!"
Rin spoke ignoring Turbo's outburst "The Meritanians are manipulating the High Council to drop various subjects by giving off wording towards Builders to use their voices to get the group to drop the subject brought up. It's by having the plants scan the group and servants hanging around to drop the subject period. I'm not sure if the group is still aware of what they saw in my mind when they had me in their presence." 
Larry spoke "Actually Barry contacted me and told me 'Some Keo was caught in the High Council's throne room by their sensors going off indicating it. The Keo was captured by Anubis and guards and mind scanned. Information related to Rin was found and then Rin ordered transported to them. The Keo dumped elsewhere.'
"The Keo" according to Larry "Wound up in Truthseeker's presence who got him to admit what happened. Was with punished harshly for that captured status by Truthseeker. Seen targeting him with physical behavior who indicates some very strong strength stronger than Keos normally known to have. Truthseeker has proven on occasion to have strength stronger than Tom. Whenever Tom was transported to the nest to target the Keos using some physical combat abilities with the Berserker side in control. Truthseeker has proven to be strong enough to get Tom to back down. Tom has been seen captured by Truthseeker himself using physical abilities by getting Tom into some choke hold while appearing to make his son submit to his authority. Mostly getting Tom to forget the attack and transported elsewhere." 
Rin spoke "I confirms to your talk of seeing that happened but didn't know that Truthseeker was physically stronger than Tom. Hearing that Keos aren't that strong against Tom in physical combat battles with Tom using the Berserker ability in control. Hears that Keos can put Tom down whenever he doesn’t have the Berserker ability in control from seeing that happen. I assumed that Truthseeker was simply using his mental mind powers onto Tom to get him to submit to his authority along with captured into physical holds." 
Larry says "It’s the physical strength doing it and not mental abilities. Truthseeker has admitted to me on Compeller's questioning. 
'Tom with the Berserker ability in control controlled by anger can block my mental abilities. Hence I had to use physical strength to counterattack Tom targeting Keos. Using whatever method to get Tom to stop being angry just to use mental mind tricks onto Tom to forget that he attacked the Keos and stopped by me.' 
Happened repeatedly over and over. The High Council is rumored to be scanning Tom's mind after such an attack. Not commenting to Tom about not seeing anything about the ordered attack's results within his mind after he's transported to the group. Hearing the Meritanians commenting the High Council thinking the Keos were stronger than Tom in physical combat battles from to seeing Tom getting defeated by a Keo not identified within Tom's mind repeatedly. The talk is always said whenever Tom was put down asleep in some sleeping status to keep him from overhearing it as usual-"
Tom interrupted Larry's talk to give a sound of disgust he having that memory in his mind. 
He heard Larry speaking "Tut, tut,"
Tom felt annoyance take hold hearing Larry's commentary involving Barry's spying.
He ignored Larry till he felt a hand onto his shoulder and heard "Tom, pay attention to where you are now!"
He frowned blinking his eyes to find himself standing in his residence house in Uzan facing a Keo, he recognized as Ran.
Ran spoke "I brought a comfortable chair for you.”
Tom found himself still wearing his breathing device as Ran brought a chair into the room. He found himself holding onto Victoria who was appearing to hug him in response that let go of him. He sighed and went to sit on the chair the Keo, Ran brought in the room. Tom, eyed Ran who walked towards the entrance of the room and he gently closed the door while leaving the room. Victoria, he saw, sat on the bed and watched him settle in the chair and his eyes closed falling asleep. Victoria, he sensed acting like Thura, from memory appeared to be lying on the bed frowning staring at the folded walls of the room as a nightlight shined illuminating the room. She was sensed staring at him as he was still sitting stiffly in a chair fallen deeply asleep. The bed's springs moved as she sat up he heard. The door to the room opened and Ran came in carrying a large hand sized a round object with a thin end at it making him open his eyes. Tom recognized the cylinder to be a needle to his nourishment implant into his arm. White liquid sloshed in the needle. Ran was felt taking one of his arms and pulled his sleeve up. At the elbow was a cylinder object attached to the left arm. Ran put the needle into the cylinder on his arm. He sensed Victoria watching as he peered to saw as the white liquid went down emptying in the cylinder into the arm. Victoria stared with a frown at him as he formed a small smile and his stiff form relaxed as he leaned in the chair still asleep. Ran he noticed was looking at Victoria with a frown on his lips. 
Ran heard speaking “This is just a little something for Tom as a reward.”
Then Ran left the room slowly closing the door as Tom passed out unconscious.

Tom dreamed of himself facing an Elf Queen who spoke "A servant has been taking captured Humans from the prison and setting traps for Mindbender in order to kill him." 
Victoria is appearing to be upset while Tom himself is annoyed. Days later they are brought outside to the city’s square where they see a solider whip an Elf forty times who reacts to the pain by his body movements. Tom wound up feeling his back whipped in response via the familiar feelings hitting the area to his annoyance while he was out of it. He found himself passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up dreaming of himself with Berserker in control coming out of the bushes to meet two Elves holding stick weapons that flare electricity onto him. The electrical jolts make him knee groaning and willing aside the Berserker. Tom found the Elves' Queen arrives with multiple servants having guns pointing at him while he's appearing to be paralysis into a kneeling position. 
The Elves' Queen is overheard speaking "I identified this Human, as a High Council servant dubbed Mindbender. It's Merra who set the trap as indicated." to Tom’s shock who feels rage with a glare on his face. 
Tom dreamed as himself glared at the Elves' Queen who adds "Inject him with the drug and knock him out now."
He found himself injected via dart gun into his left arm along with zapped unconscious from behind.

Tom wound up focusing onto the Elves' Queen who had the trap done onto him. He saw her as Keo Queen named, Alesia who gets kicked out of the Queen position by the female Keos kicking her out. The new Queen shows Alesia, Tom saw was himself in some asylum room wearing restraints on his form. 
He overhears a Meritanian yell "Victoria visiting you while behind the window!" feels confused as he goes to the window giving off some angry rage look with sinister in control. 
Tom figures "I'm led to believe that it's Victoria behind the window watching." 
He frowns as Alesia is brought to the gate room via Red Rock, and pushed through. Tom wound up watching as Alesia came out to find herself among Keo in some gate room along with female Keos linking within her mind unexpectedly. Along with thrust the Queen position and forced to change form to Banshee by Keos mostly males around her manipulating her to do it along with freeing her from bondages and getting her to a Banshee nesting room. He finds the Keo Banshees balk on letting her change form to Keo or having her leave the room. He finds out why which is from them not having a Queen to lead them despite numerous attempts to get females to do it who wound up insane from the leadership along with insanity stops once the leadership is withdrawn. He finds out that the Keos blame the Meritanians a bunch of plant life forms serving the High Council a group of Highlanders on the ocean for making females become insane with their mind walking powers to keep them from acquiring a Queen. Along with transporting the Queen they achieve on getting out of their hands via Keo form. The Queen according to them gets killed off by the High Council's minions having her tossed into some eater mountain. Female Keos always reacted from her dying from it in some sick way hitting every single one of them. He finds that the Banshees balk on letting Alesia leave the room or anywhere on the Keos' underground nesting home. Alesia finds to his disgust, that she has to use her link with female Keos to see what's going on among the Keos in their home. The females don't complain to her using them to see what their seeing. It happens repeatedly while noticing that a female Keo has assumed the leadership for Keos in Keo forms pretending to be their Queen while taking orders from her via Banshee form. He finds Thurin among the Keos from recognizing his eyes still flaring that familiar look despite other Keos not doing it and him not doing anything to hide that look. He sees in the mind of the Keo Queen dubbed Alma of the Meritanians transporting her to the High Council for a talk. He finds Alma transported to a room and sees himself come into the room that calls Alma, Alesia and confronts her on the drugged status along with using her for her own amusement. Alma denying it till he sees a male Keo appear from hidden state looking like Thurin displaying a Moorra look with his eyes that gets Alma to get behind him. Tom displays his Banshee side which he frowns as both Alma and Thurin get transported out. Tom leaves the room to find Thurin in the Banshee nesting room to hear comments from the Banshees within his mind. 
"Thurin" they name "is usual for being a Keo Banshee for counterattacking Tom's mental powers despite Tom seemingly able to kill off any Keo in his presence who don't seem immune to his powers." 
Alesia confronts Thurin identifying him as Tom's father "I'm demanding to know how you got Tom to walk away instead of killing the Keo's Queen and yourself." 
Thurin in response flares that familiar look and gets a male Keo each grabbing his arms in tight ironclad holds while glaring at him to hear from the Banshees scattered comments. 
Tom wound up hearing "Thurin is our only weapon against Tom to remain alive from Tom's mental powers. We figured out that the Meritanians won't be able to transport Thurin out if he had Keos clinging to his arms." 
He finds Thurin not complaining to the talk as the Queen spoke "I'm ordering you to accept the Keos holding your arms period. I'm not trusting the Meritanians to transport you out." 
Thurin in response refuses to admit to her on how he kept Tom from harming a female Keo posing as herself along with himself in Tom's presence. Instead has refused various Keos' requests to talk to them about his mental abilities along with balking her orders to admit about them by repeatedly using his mental abilities onto the asker to leave him alone while still having Keos clinging to his arms that don’t react to that talk instead keep their holds onto him. 
Tom figured from the dream in his mind "My Father followed me from Shadan to Terra out of love towards me. 
I'm not sure where Rin and Turbo went despite hearing the Meritanians, via Ramses saying 'One Turbo and Rin transported off as ordered'"
He found himself passing out unconscious in response to his dreams to come to feeling himself wearing a chain manacle around his neck, while shaking sleep off of him. 
Tom heard voices speaking "He's waking up from the drugs! Quick, knock him out now!"
He felt an injection of a needle into neck followed by passing out unconscious till he felt something like a whip hitting his back. Tom woke up via jolts of electrical whip hitting his back he jerked open his eyes with a glare in them to find himself in some cargo hold of a boat while naked. He glared at the male he recognized clad in black clothes of a slaver pirate that indicated him to stand up. Tom obeyed despite confused to why he was aboard the boat with memories fully intact in his mind. He found the slavers got him and five other humans off the boat into the auction house through a tunnel to be bid on. Tom found one of the Elves managed to bid onto him without anyone fighting in a bidding war. He didn't protest as the bidder managed to get him aboard a plane's cargo hold into a cage and locked inside. He felt the plane take off in the air by the thin air which he kneeled and forced himself to mediate. Tom mediated breathing slow as the plane was felt streaking through the sky via think air and pressure pressuring onto him. He felt relief once the plane landed to breathe the air deeply while opening his eyes. Tom kept the glare and waited as the cargo hold to the plane was opened followed by a familiar female he recognized as Marisaki Tanaka wearing a uniform of General Army walked inside followed by guards holding guns. He kept the glare while kneeling as Marisaki appeared to walk around the cage a full circle while eyeing him with a calculating look in her eyes making him annoyed. Tom kept the glare in response as Marisaki spoke gibberish he finding himself not able to get it her talk.
 He kept the glare in response as Marisaki bent down towards him and spoke he getting her words abruptly "Interesting that the High Council would dump you after you made an attack onto the city of Sydney in Egyptia while whining about some female named Victoria."
Tom kept the glare recognizing the language she spoke was Rakcaran, in hissing language terms as she added still using the language "I see you're fluent in Americanian as the language is called by the looks of you indicating it. You care to explain who or what this Victoria is?"
Tom gave up a growling noise and without a word forced himself to get up standing despite naked he ignored. He walked up to the cage's bars putting his hands onto them and kept on giving off the faint growling noise towards Marisaki.
She added "I see you recognize me by the looks of you indicating it. But what identity you know me as is to be determined."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response refusing to talk as Marisaki without a word whacked the whip onto the cage bars he grimacing from electrical jolts running through his hands into his body. 
He released the cage bars to fold his arms Human styled and got from Marisaki speaking "Nevertheless prepare the Baron for his latest victim."
Tom recognized the words as speak for device to erase his memory. He struck out a hand towards Marisaki through the bars as she backed up out of his hand's react. He gave up growling noises while reaching out a hand as he heard cackling of electricity from her guards holding spears in his direction. 
Tom removed his hand to find Marisaki added "You seem to know what I'm talking about by your reaction to it. So talk on this or I'll mind rape you of your memories via the Keo."
Tom folded his arms and heard a whining squeal sound of a familiar device for hiding and moving fast to spot a male wearing a mask holding a familiar white object in his hands triggering his Keo's sense going off. 
Tom gave Marisaki a glare in response who spoke "So talk now!"
He kept his mouth shut refusing to speak only to hear from the Keo speaking "Moorra."
He exhaled a breath at the familiar word from the Keo involving mind scanning without blocked status kept his mouth shut. Tom resumed kneeling and refused to speak instead kept his mouth shut in response as the Keo was sensed standing in front of him reaching out a hand through the bars. Tom waited as the Keo's hand was through the bars only to feel a prick of pain of a needle dart off his left arm making him slump over to paralysis. He could only watch as Marisaki and guards got him out of the cage onto a stretcher bed locking him in chains. It was followed by the Keo he sensed mind scanning him via clawed hands touching his cheeks including his scarred cheek to his disgust. Tom found he could move his eyes as he kept on eyeing Marisaki who formed a glare and kept on glaring aimed at him. He kept on eyeing Marisaki as if the Keo was telling her his mind's contents till he was flipped to his side. Tom felt the familiar device with a needle injected into the back of his neck followed by falling unconscious.

He came to with a terrible headache hitting him along with images spilling into his mind he feeling a hand clamped over his mouth to keep him from screaming. Tom found himself remembering everything that was wiped from his mind as the hand clawed and appearing to belong to a Keo kept its hold over his mouth. He gulped as he found another hand clawed belonging to a Keo on the top of his forehead as he forced himself to be silent. 
Tom gulped in response as the Keo's voice was heard in his mind finding his Berserker not in control "Just act like the Baron as its called didn't work on you. Don't mention anything regarding me restoring your memories when Marisaki comes to retrieve you for servitude."
He exhaled a breath through his nose as the Keo's hands were felt off of him followed by a light show indicating a Meritanian transportation to him. Tom found himself chained while in a cloth hut with the dirt ground with chain sticking to a cement pole on the earth. He exhaled a breath and heard a yell sounding annoyed followed by the cloth to the hut flicked open and an Elf peered at him via eyes seen but appeared unkind. Tom ignored the Elf sensed staring at him as he felt an urge to expel waste and throw up. He obeyed to his feelings finding the Elf stopped watching him and had flicked the curtain back into place. Tom curled into a ball once done with his sickness to lie onto the ground that felt warm to the touch. He sighed feeling the hut turn into a heater from the feel to figure that he was in someplace warm for it to warm him up. Tom laid onto his side and didn't move watching the curtain. He found the Elf again peering at him followed by the male entering the hut flicking a familiar whip at him he grunted from the pain. Tom grunted and found the Elf freed him from the chain attached to the pole in the ground. He exhaled a breath as the Elf forced him to get up by whacking the whip against his legs. Tom obeyed to get up walking out of the hut to find himself in a dessert sand campsite fully of huts of tents out of cloth with manoids covered in cloth walking around doing their business. He obeyed to the Elf's whacking him to a large teepee towering above the huts and forced to kneel. 
Tom waited as the Elf gave up a howling noise sounding of Americanian language, as dubbed by Marisaki, saying "You have a visitor! The new slave is ready!"
He formed a glare while eyeing the teepee to watch as a figure came out dressed in black robed clothes with a hood covering the head entirely that only showed golden eyes that were not kind. 
He kept on glaring in response as he heard an electronic squeaky voice speaking "Slave is acting like he's remembering everything."
Tom kept the glare recognizing the language as Americanian and the squeaky voice was indicated a device to speak for the mute. He glared in response as the Elf guard whacked the back of his head he grunted from feeling the pain and was forced to put his head onto the ground. Tom grunted from the Elf's booted foot felt onto his back holding him down as he peered at the male.
He kept the glare as the male's electronic device was heard "Appears the Baron didn't work with this victim this time."
Tom heard silence in response followed by the voice again speaking "Tell me something slave, why should I have you as a slave instead of dumping you into the desert sands crying of thirst to die from it?"
Tom found the Elf's foot off his back and his hair that was appearing to be shorn into a cut style instead of kept long was grabbed and he forced up. He felt the Elf's whip onto his neck holding his head up towards the male who repeated his question.
This along with saying "I know you understand what I said language wise. So talk now!"
Tom spoke in response in a vulgarity insult and found the male whacking him via gloved hand while speaking "Inappropriate language isn't proper around here. It doesn't help your cause to accept you as a slave."
He spoke firmly "I serve the High Council-"
He was interrupted "Another religious nut brainwashed into believing that group! Dump this fool into the desert now out of my sight!"
Tom glared with annoyance running through him as the Elf managed to get him to stand and started whacking his legs to go into a direction where there was desert sands and no huts. He felt rage hitting him gave up a loud roar and without a warning spinning around facing the Elf to grab his whip. He with force yanked the whip out of the Elf's hand and proceeded to do karate moves onto the guard who appeared to be weak against his fighting. Tom wound up sensing his mind scanned as he willed forwards the Berserker and gave up a death order towards the Elf finding clapping noises halting his attack. He grimaced as there was a laser flashing into his eyes he squinted to come to finding himself lying onto a metallic bed restrained in chains with the Berserker in control. Tom grimaced from the laser's glare blaring into his eyes as he felt his mind scanned and found hands of a Keo remove themselves from his forehead as if mind scanning him a mind rape method. He formed a glare as the laser was quit shining in his eyes and found his Berserker side willed away via compulsion of a Meritanian hitting him. Tom glared blinking his eyes to find Marisaki next to the bed he was lying on with a smirk look on her face.
He glared at her as she spoke in Americanian "So Mindbender, servant of the High Council aka Tom Thunder as known among the Humans, what do you have to say about the High Council and the Humans dumping you onto us hmm?"
He gave her a glare of annoyance as he snarled in Americanian "The High Council never fully lets go of you. You think they let go of you but they never will. They'll find a purpose for you once the opportunity arrives like they will with me."
Tom kept the glare as Marisaki spoke gibberish he figured from the tones was a Human language of Japanese but not sure. Tom found the bed forced into a sitting position followed by her gesturing to a wall in front of him. He saw a screen showing images he recognized was himself entering a drink shop from above. Tom kept on watching with a narrowed eyed glare of his attack onto the natives of Sydney was recorded via multiple recorders including hand held by cell phones by victims safely in their cars. 
He glared at Marisaki once the recordings finished to hear her speaking "So what does the High Council have to say about a servant of theirs throwing a hissy fit onto the natives publicity enough to embarrass them?"
Tom kept the glare in response as Marisaki whacked his knee with her whip he grunted from the electrical charges hitting him. He glared with Sinister felt roaring within the back of his mind. 
Tom allowed Sinister through as Marisaki bent down grabbing his chin he felt her hand was gloved and she snarling "Talk!"
He snarled after willing aside Sinister "The High Council will ask me to serve them once the brouhaha has died down regarding my attack onto the city natives. They pulled this stunt onto me from time to time while I lived among the Humans in Fatherland as the Human nation is called playing in some religious cult followed sports."
He shook off Marisaki's hand off his chin to glare at her as she again whacked his knee followed by her straightening up her form giving him a glare. 
Tom glared in response as Marisaki spoke "Interesting point of view from a servant desperate to serve the High Council that he'll say anything to be in their servitude."
He exhaled a breath hearing Marisaki's words to hear her speaking in her Japanese language followed by a hood placed over his head blocking his view of everything via his eyesight. Tom felt the seat move jerkily like a motorized wheelchair. He ignored the jerking movements and tracked the wheelchair moving into the sunlight via warmth felt. He felt something like a metallic clang followed by the wheelchair going up a ramp and then heard further faint clanging noises. Tom frowned as the clanging seemed not to lengthy followed by feeling himself freed from the wheelchair. He yanked off the hood while standing up to find himself back in the cage with the chair. Tom found Marisaki walking away speaking her familiar language in some harsh angry tone to guards serving her. He found the cage was back into a plane cargo hold forced himself to kneel as the door was shut followed by the vehicle felt taking off in the air. Tom kneeled forcing himself to mediate sensing the plane was taking a short route followed by landing again. He found the cargo hold's door slamming open followed by men wearing cop riot gear entering the area with guns drawn. 
Tom glared in response while standing up as the Human males went to his cage speaking English words "Clear!" over and over.
He ignored their words as one of the cops thrust his gun through the bars and pulled the trigger as he felt a bullet hit him via the left side followed by thrown backwards and passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling himself lying in bed while feeling familiar vibration of a laptop on his chest going while still wearing his blindfold and ear plugs. He groaned shaking his head of sleeping status to feel his lips kissed by Victoria's in response. Tom kissed her back and sighed when she broke off the kiss to resume typing onto the laptop. 
He spoke "Victoria, what's going on with me?"
He felt her hand covering his mouth in some quiet gesture as an answer to his question. 
Tom sighed to think to himself "She's busy typing a story onto that laptop of hers and doesn't want to be disturbed."
He reached out hands towards blindfold only to get Victoria's hands chaining his wrists to the rocky wall making him whine "Victoria, I want to see and hear you-"
Tom was interrupted by Victoria's hand again making the quiet gesture over his lips cutting him off. He groaned in response and kissed the finger. Tom sighed as vibrations of the laptop were resumed onto his chest. He sighed again and kept on groaning while feeling Victoria's typing seemed rapid fired paced without any breaks to his annoyance. 
Tom kept himself lying onto the bed restrained by manacles till he thought "Restraints off."
He found the manacles freeing his wrists only to get Victoria chaining him again followed by using his right hand to finger spell letters he spelled out "Tom, please remain chained please."
He groaned out "Why? I want to see, hear you and touch you."
Tom found Victoria in response ignoring his comment and resumed typing onto the laptop still making rapid fired paced typing to his annoyance. He sighed and forced himself to lie in bed chained feeling Victoria's typing with breaks and rapid fired paced.
He felt himself getting further annoyed spoke "Victoria, free me."
Tom found Victoria ignoring him in response till he recalled why he rescued her and caused an attack onto the natives of Sydney. 
He spoke firmly "Victoria, I love you and will do anything to keep you with me at my side as I serve the High Council." 
Tom found Victoria's typing vibrations halted as he repeated his words and kept speaking "I meant it when I say I'll do anything including killing innocent people and servants of the High Council to have you with me. I love you, Victoria. I want your acceptance and love that you gave me something I was seeking in my life. I didn't get this love status from the High Council. Instead I got it from you. I prefer you over the High Council and whoever just as long as you give me what I wanted, which was love and acceptance."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to feel Victoria's laptop removed followed by the chains removed along with hands felt like the Falcons grabbing his arms. Tom found himself lifted up from the bed by the Falcons who had his arms in an ironclad hold. He grimaced realizing why he was blinded and ears blocked so he wouldn't hear or see the High Council in the room with Victoria to admit his confession. Tom kept on grimacing as he felt windy air indicating the High Council's throne room by the air and smell sense followed by the ear plugs and blindfold removed. He blinked his eyes from the glare of overhead lights in the High Council's throne room find the group was behind the Souler speaker waggling their heads and waving their hands. Tom heard a sound of a laptop going to look to find Victoria seated on the ground with laptop in front of her typing away while having the Master in control via her all black eyes. He figured by her mouth into a thin line that she was busy typing away some story and didn't want to be disturbed from it. Tom sighed and eyed the High Council with a glare of annoyance running through him to find the group quit their chat.
This was followed by the Souler speaker saying "Says what does Mindbender have to say about his obsession with Recorder?"
Tom glared in response only to open his mouth only to find Anubis clamping it shut. He eyed Victoria as if drawn to find she quit typing and was looking at the High Council he heard his words he confessed to her repeated. Tom found Victoria resume typing onto the laptop with the Master in control this time rapid fired paced. He gave the High Council a glare in response while willing forwards Sinister only to find a light flash in front of him. He gulped when he saw the light show revealed a male with golden eyes of a Compeller having President Warden's face with his familiar blue suit and having Barry's familiar glaring stare aimed at him. Tom gulped as his senses blared warning abruptly as Warden spoke Compeller's chatter and found himself repeating what he said to Victoria while restrained. He glared at Warden in response he figured was Terra's version of Barry who kept on glaring back at him with golden eyes in response. 
Tom glared till he heard blared by a Meritanian "High Council, what do you want me to do with the Meritanians detected on land in Ireland and in Canada?"
He exhaled a breath to realize with a start that Jon told him information was true and he paid back to the Humanian by knocking him out unconscious. 
He spoke firmly "Jon the Humanian said that to me when he was mind scanning me just prior to me going through the travel gate to retrieve Victoria."
Tom felt his mouth clamped shut by Anubis doing it as he gave the High Council a glare of annoyance. 
He glared in response as the group went into a lengthy discussion followed by the Souler speaking "Says Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he's to be punished for his unhealthy obsession with the Recorder now."
Tom found himself freed and found himself in the air heading towards the ocean which he flipped himself to land feet first. He landed into the water with a splash and found himself surrounded by ice, indicating King Winter's Kingdom as he went up to the surface to breathe. Tom broke the surface of the water and found himself tossed out of the water to be grabbed around the neck by a hard cruel hand choking him. He gagged for air as King Winter he saw was the hand's owner that gave him a glaring stare of accusation with his eyes. 
Tom gulped while gagging for air and heard "So talk on what you did to get the Meritanians to dump you into my kingdom now or I'll suck you to death!"
He spoke in response "Obsession with a female enough to do anything to get her to live near me."
Tom found himself airborne in response to land into the water hitting icebergs with grunts. He swam up to the surface of the water to glare at King Winter who without a warning started walking away into the air forming an icy path. 
Tom felt himself cold abruptly started sneezing while yelling mentally "Meritanians transport me out now!"
He felt his mind scanned to find himself in the air in warmth appearing to be headed towards the ocean free of ice. Tom flipped himself via acrobatic moves and landed into the water feet first. He found the sunlight going away as clouds covered the sun abruptly with thunder and lightening along with rain falling hard. Tom found the sea an angry maelstrom which he forced himself to swim out of the ocean to the beach as the water churned around him. He went to the beach to sit only to feel the water overtaking the beach to his annoyance. Tom got up and forced himself to walk away from the beach into the forest jungle seeking shelter. He found the island was small and didn't appear to have civilization and that the stormy water was slowly swallowing the land. Tom felt annoyance take hold once the water succeeded in swallowing the entire island leaving him floating in the ocean. The ocean churned like a raging storm over and over as he forced himself to body surf it over and over till he found himself in the air again. Tom found himself heading towards a pool holding water with a loud splash. He landed into the pool hitting the bottom via feet onto it and swam up to the surface hearing clapping noises. 
Tom treaded the water feeling it warming him as he found Warden standing at the edge clapping his hands while speaking "Bravo! Mindbender, not one complaint regarding this hurricane you were thrown in!"
Tom formed a glare and without a word climbed out of the pool to stand towering over Warden who quit clapping to give him a golden eyed glare he recognized was Barry's confess your crime look.
"I'm being punished by the High Council." He spoke "So why should I whine about it to the Meritanians to transport me out?"
He gave Warden a glare in response that burst out laughing in hysterical laughter terms followed by cutting himself off to hold his nose. Tom glared in response while smelling his armpits finding nothing to indicate his stink. 
He kept the glare as Warden, nasality spoke "Not unless that you've been stung by poisonous plants and jellyfishes that left their poison onto your skin hence your stinky smell." He gapped in response as Warden kept on speaking "Now you just wrecked my pool with you dropping into it. I'm seeing that you mop the mess you caused dropping into it with a toothbrush. So hit the showers while I have you attended medically for that poisonous status."
Tom didn't comment a response to Warden's words instead found the locker room for men and found two paramedics inside appearing to be Elves who gave him a glare of accusation. He ignored their glares and finger gestures to shower which he obeyed finding them thrusting medicine to put over his skin including cutting off his underwear shorts by scissors. Tom exhaled a breath finding the paramedics, both males widened their eyes seeing his sensitive part which he gave them a glare. He heard snickering like laughter in Meritanian like tones in his mind to figure out that the plants were playing a joke again but this time he was the victim. Tom found what the plants had in mind to his disgust.

Tom came out of the locker room clad in a jumpsuit for cleaning the pool as given to him by the paramedics he figured the males were favoring the same gender, males sexually. The paramedics wound up sexually harassing him for favors sexually including forcing him to do sexual acts in return to his annoyance. Tom found Warden standing next to the pool that was empty of water and pointed a finger at a bucket holding soap for cleaning the pool including holding up a toothbrush. He gave Warden a glare in response and refused to budge taking the toothbrush as the male gave him Barry's familiar glare.
Tom spoke in response with sarcasm "What do you call males that favor males sexually? I'm not that type to favor them. I prefer females instead."
He got Warden hysterically laughing making him growl angrily as he snatched the toothbrush from the male's hand and picked up the bucket. Tom dumped the bucket's contents over Warden's head who cut his laughing to growl golden eyes as the liquid appearing to be dye dripped over him. 
Tom growled out "That's my response for that jokey stunt you played onto me."
He glared at Warden who wiped the dripping liquid from his pocket handkerchief and spoke Compeller's chatter to find himself in the air heading towards the ocean looking like a hurricane was hitting the area again. He growled an annoyed sound as he body surfed in the ocean out of angry feeling hitting him till he found his seat hitting something hard. Tom found himself in Warden's empty pool as he felt feathery objects dumped over his head onto him. Followed by liquid spilling onto him overhead, making him annoyed to snarl vulgarity aimed at the High Council. Tom snarled vulgarity ignoring that he was being filmed when he wound up in the pool and kept on snarling vulgarity insults aimed at the High Council. 
He kept it up till he heard blaring in his mind triggering the Berserker "Get out of the pool now! The High Council is fed up with you insulting them!"
Tom obeyed despite feeling the feathers clinging to his form including the liquid to find the familiar paramedics standing at the edge of the pool with Warden having dried liquid onto him. He glared while flexing a clawed hand in Warden's face including snapping the fingers aimed it at Warden's eyes who refused to flinch or blink from his hand's movements. Instead Warden gave him a golden eyed glare with Barry's familiar look on his face while speaking Compeller's chatter.
Tom found himself compelled to speak spoke after willing aside the Berserker "What's the point of doing this joke onto me anyway?!"
He got Warden hysterically laughing in response followed by the paramedics heard snickering which he folded his arms ignoring the feathers and liquid dripping off his form. 
Tom kept the glare and waited as Warden quit his laughter followed by speaking in a firm tone "The High Council is desperate to keep you in their service despite the public saying you're a lunatic killer of Elves. Hence they were insisting on this jokey status to be played onto you. They have given the Meritanians permission to use you as source of their jokey stunts till its obvious their fed up with that and are not doing it anymore."
Tom narrowed his eyes in response as Warden added while clearing his throat "Yes the paramedics were doing that jokey joke onto you by the Meritanians doing it to them to do it to you. Meritanians can control Elves no matter what their doing unlike you Humans give them resistance to that control. So hit the locker room and get out of that get up. I still want you to clean my pool with proper cleaning gear."
 Tom obeyed finding the Elves following him into the locker room to the shower facility. He found the Elves in response not doing anything sexually onto him this time but appeared to be helping him getting rid of the liquid and feathers on his form underneath the water. Tom came out of the locker room once clad in a cleaned pair of jumpsuit and croc shoes followed by going to the pool finding the items for cleaning was a cart at the shallow end of the area. Tom groaned softly while eyeing the empty pool finding a big area was stained of feathers and black liquid as he forced himself to get to work cleaning it entirely of the mess.

Tom found once done cleaning the pool of the mess found Warden back at the pool's edge clad in a new suit and appeared to have cleaned the dye off. 
He heard from Warden speaking "You missed a spot."
Tom glared at Warden while holding onto the mop by handle to find an Elf pouring a bucket of black liquid onto the pool's deep end. 
He glared in response as Warden spoke "Appears your job isn't done. Clean up that mess now."
Tom kept himself silent without complaining and forced himself to clean up the mess in the pool.

Tom found himself exhausted once he was done cleaning the pool to Warden's satisfaction. 
He felt himself urged to drop down onto the floor and sleep despite Warden ordering him "No you're not sleeping in the pool like a fish. Get out of there now!
Tom obeyed to fall to kneel in front of Warden shaking sleepiness from his head. He heard Warden speaking Compeller's chatter to heard snickering like laughter in Meritanians' voices in his head followed by the sleepiness leaving him. Tom made a motion to get up only to feel a whip whacking the top of his head forcing him to remain kneeling. He glared at Warden sensing one of the Elves was behind him hitting him with the electrical whip to keep him kneeling. 
Tom glared in response as Warden spoke "The locker room needs cleaning from that mess you did to it cleaning off that mess. Go into it and clean it up now! Don't mind the Meritanians putting you to sleep. I ordered them to not do that."
He found himself able to stand up and found Warden jabbing a finger at his cleaning cart which he took to the locker room finding the shower facilities were in need of cleaning. 
Tom cleaned the shower room entirely to come out with his cart to find Warden outside speaking "You didn't clean the locker room entirely, Tom."
He glared in response as Warden spoke "Locker room cleaning involves everything in it including the toilets and the lockers. So get back into there and clean it now."
Tom found himself angry but forced himself to calm as he went back into the locker room to clean it entirely. 

Tom came out of the locker room with disgust running through him while pushing the cart for having to clean the toilets, some with contents not flushed away. 
He found Warden outside standing with arms folded who spoke "I need to inspect you're work."
Tom gave a roar in response and willed forwards the Berserker to wave clawed hands into Warden's face who refused to flinch or blink from it. He found his angry mood going down after he saw that Warden was calm and refusing to react to his tantrum. Tom glared in response when his angry fit quit as Warden without a word went into the locker room. He stood with arms folded accompanied by the two Elves who gave him glares of accusation. Tom ignored their glares while seeing the Elves were appearing to be in a mental talk by their head gestures and appeared to be glaring at him. 
He glared at them back in response as one Elf spoke using his voice "The electric chair is where you're going once your done doing your punishment by the High Council."
Tom refused to comment instead kept the glare in response as the other Elf spoke "I highly doubt that lunacy will work in your defense of the murders you did to our people."
The first Elf spoke "Too bad the actions of yours were recorded by too many recorders who'll show that you were sane when you did that action of murder onto our people."
Tom kept the glare feeling his angry mood rising within him as the Elves continued talking to him "We frown on Humans killing Elves enough to cause death to that Human."
"Humans such as freaks like you should die for this murderous stunt you did."
Tom unfolded his arms fisting his hands while glaring at the Elves who burst into hysterical laughter. He felt rage hitting him willed forwards the Berserker to flex a clawed hand in their direction halting their laughter. 
Tom heard one Elf speaking "It's obvious by your reaction that you have a natural hatred of our species and isn't sorry for the murders-"
Tom interrupted mentally speaking "Elves down now!"
He saw the Elves hitting the floor unconscious and with rage hitting him roared angrily. Tom found his roars echoing in the room cut his roaring to will aside the Berserker and began pacing back and forth ignoring the Elves lying onto the floor. Tom ran hands through his hair while pacing back and forth seemingly lengthy. He felt anger going down from his rapid fired pacing but seemed to be simmering enough to boil. 
Tom heard Warden leaving the locker room speaking "The toilets aren't properly cleaned, Tom. Why are the Elves on the floor asleep anyway?" 
Tom ignored Warden's question instead spoke "Excuse me while I go clean the toilets properly." 
He made a motion to go to the cart only to hear Warden speaking Compeller's chatter to find his feet refused to budge. He exhaled a breath finding Warden giving him a golden eyed glare and the male jabbing a finger at the Elves.
Tom willed forwards the Berserker and mentally spoke "Elves up!"
He willed the Berserker aside when the Elves woke up both getting up via acrobatic moves involving karate he recognized while hearing Warden's throat clearing noise.
Tom spoke "Did you say something about toilets not properly cleaned Warden?"
He glared at Warden ignoring the Elves glaring at him in response.
Tom got from Warden holding up a toothbrush and speaking "Use this for cleaning the toilets and do it now for not admitting of knocking my guards down asleep."
He gave up a sound of disgust and without a word obeyed to find the Elves in the three toilets' room watching him scrub and clean with the toothbrush. Tom found the Elves kept on triggering his Berserker side in control by broadcasting to him mentally vulgarity insults despite Warden no where in sight. He ignored the Elves and continued to clean the toilets and the sinks with the Berserker in control from them keep on blaring insults aimed at him. Tom forced himself to ignore the insulting words blaring in his mind as he cleaned the toilet room entirely with the toothbrush and cleaning supplies from the cart. He once done threw the toothbrush into the cart's garbage can and pushed it out of the locker room with the Elves following to find Warden standing with arms folded a glare on his face. 
Tom willed aside the Berserker hearing a throat clearing noise from Warden followed by the male speaking "I need to inspect your work."
Tom ignored Warden going into the locker room leaving him alone with the Elves. Once again they kept on harassing him with insults triggering his Berserker side in control. Tom felt his anger rise from their insulting comments in his mind. He forced himself to stand with arms folded and glared at the Elves with the Berserker in control as they kept up their insulting. He found his calm mood gone from him followed by anger hitting him as he fisted his hands while glaring at the Elves who kept up their mental chatter. 
Tom heard one Elf speak an insult involving his sexuality that made him broadcast to the Elves "I favor females sexually wise."
He got snickering like laughter from the Elves in response as one spoke mentally "You appeared to enjoy yourself with that sexual favors we did onto you which proves you favor males sexually."
Tom felt his control snap mentally spoke towards the Elves a vulgarity insult only to get them hysterically laughing louder in response to his disgust. 
Tom kept on glaring at the Elves as one spoke "You're in denial about something, Tom so admit it."
He got the Elves echoing each other's comment and repeatedly speaking it to him mentally over and over to his annoyance. Tom felt his control snap gave up a loud roar only to feel a hand over his chest right in the middle silencing him. Tom found his angry mood going down to find Warden was the hand's owner who gave him a glare.
This was followed by Warden speaking "I didn't ask you to treat my guards nastily despite their Elves."
Tom found his Berserker side willed aside from Warden's Compeller's chatter to glare at the male in response as he heard from an Elf "He obvious hates us Elves hence he appearing to cause us harm."
He opened his mouth to protest only to feel Warden's hand over the area along with choking. Tom gagged for air finding Warden was displaying an all black eyed look with a hand in his direction. Tom gagged finding the Elves were silently mentally chattering to Warden via head gestures and not triggering his Berserker in control. He found the choking quit followed by gasping for air while bending down groaning loudly. 
Tom felt a hand whack him onto the back of the head and heard "You weren't choked too much to act too hurt, Tom."
He straightened up his form breathing air to open his mouth finding Warden snarling "Not another word of insults from you, Tom. I'll compel you to lose your voice if you talk!"
Tom felt his mood plummet further as Warden spoke Compeller's chatter to find himself transported in the air heading towards a tree among clusters of trees. He did acrobatic training movements then landed onto a tree branch with his two hands grabbing it. Tom found a foot stepping over his hands stomping onto them. He looked up to spot a Souler wearing blue armor and no cape and a helmet on had his foot onto his hands.
Tom heard in his mind triggering the Berserker "Get out of my tree now!"
He found his grip gone to feel the Berserker remained in control to use swinging acrobatic moves easily coming to him to swing himself out of the tree into another tree. Tom sat onto a tree branch with arms folded he disgusted with the situation as he felt hands onto his back pushing him off the branch. He heard the familiar comment from the Souler to his disgust and swung himself towards the ground only to find it covered with running fast high flooded water with trees sticking out of it like islands. Tom proceeded to swing himself from tree to tree despite meeting multiple Soulers on the way who ordered him out of their tree. He kept on swinging till he reached the end of trees to find the water falling over a cliff wall and pushed out of the tree to land into the water. Tom went over the water's cliff finding it was high above in the air too high for a manoid to survive it. He forced himself to acrobatically flip slowing his fall till he reach the pool and fell into it with a splash. Tom swam out of the pool of water shaking the liquid off of him like a gonoid. He heard crackling of electricity sounding within vicinity of his ears to focus as if drawn two Elves holding spears flashing electrical currents aimed at him standing in the water. Tom glared in response finding the two Elves were garbed in guard wear clothes as he spotted the Elves' Queen nearby behind them giving him a glare. Tom willed aside his Berserker and gave up a spit sound in response as he forced himself still wet to get out of the lake. Tom ignored the Elf Queen and guards glaring at him as he walked by them while still giving off spitting sounds aimed at the female ruler. 
He heard the Queen speaking "Tut!"
Tom found electrical jolts hitting his legs from behind making him kneel in response. He glared at the Queen from his kneeling position, with arms folded and waited for her to say something. 
The Queen spoke triggering his Berserker side "What do you have to say about defiling my sacred pool with you taking a bath in it?"
Tom willed aside the Berserker and gave up a vulgarity insult in Human terms via voice aimed at the Queen. 
He heard crackling sounds from her guards' spears to hear her speak "Tut!" cutting off the noises.
Tom kept the glare in response as the Queen added another tut followed by feeling a guard putting his spear across his neck from behind while the other guard grabbed his hair forcing his head up. He glared remaining silent and refusing to speak as the Queen walked up towards him to place hands onto his cheeks he sensed her mind scanning him. Tom heard Meritanian's familiar snickering like laughter in his mind to find himself urged to will forwards the Berserker while he obeyed while urged to grab the Queen's arms. He obeyed yanking her hands away from his face as her guard having a spear around his neck began to choke him. 
Tom held up his hands in a Human's surrender gesture freeing the Queen and willed aside the Berserker while snarling angrily in Human language of German despite choking "I'm not for you to mind scan."
He gave the Queen a glare to hear her giving off another tut sound to feel his choking quit but the spear remained across his neck. Tom kept his hands up in a familiar gesture to hear the bushes rumbling behind the Queen as his Keos' sense went off. He eyed the bushes with a glare as the Queen turned around revealing multiple Keos three males and three females wearing twin uniforms as the Elves' guard growling angrily, he heard. Tom gulped as the Queen jerked her head towards him which he willed forwards his Berserker side only to feel choking from the guard. He willed the Berserker aside to gulp as he again felt himself able to breathe. Tom glared at the Queen who kept on making head gestures aimed at him as if she was mentally broadcasting to the Keos who kept on growling angrily. Tom glared in response as the Queen gave up another tut sound followed by the guards pushing his face into the ground and freeing him. He found the Queen and guards walking away leaving him alone with the Keos who gave him glares of accusation.
Tom found his Berserker side in control by hearing abruptly "No, you're not doing that as ordered!"
He frowned hearing the voice seemed familiar to hear a whining squeal of a Keo's device from behind as he forced himself up from the ground. 
Tom found himself unable to see who it was behind him by hearing "Merra transport this hybrid Keo Human out now!"
Tom found himself transported out to the High Council's throne room hearing alarms ringing in response as he found the Falcons grabbing his arms while a blindfold was placed over his eyes. 
He heard "Will that status away now Mindbender!"
He obeyed to will aside the Berserker and found the blindfold removed followed by the Falcons' grips onto his arms becoming ironclad. Tom glared at the High Council in response finding the group was busy into a discussion. He heard typing of a laptop nearby him to find Victoria seated onto the ground with device in front of her. He saw she had the Master in control with mouth into a thin line and appeared to be busy typing with pauses in between. 
He figured "She's typing what the High Council is discussing via what she hears."
Tom glared at the High Council in response as their discussion was seemingly lengthy with Victoria sensed recording them. He kept the glare as Anubis placed the blindfold over his eyes followed by putting ear plugs into his ears. He found the Falcons kept their hands' holds onto him as they lifted him up sailing him in the air all over the place. Tom felt the carrying seemed lengthy till it stopped when he was tossed onto a bed followed by clothes stripped off his form leaving his underwear shorts on. He felt Victoria's laptop onto his front followed by her typing rapid fired pace via vibrations. Tom found himself urged to sleep obeyed despite feeling like he was sweating from wetness all over his form.

Tom came to feeling a terrible headache hitting him along with a cloth rubbing his forehead as he felt his blindfold and ear plugs gone from him. He opened his eyes to find Victoria remained a blurry figure in purple and brown as he found himself unable to hear. Tom sighed feeling Victoria's hand stroking his forehead followed by rubbing his cheek which he pushed his face into her hand. He felt himself chained along with sweatiness of wetness hitting him all over. Tom felt Victoria's cloth resumed rubbing his forehead in a cool method. 
He spoke while eyeing her blurry shape "Victoria, I love you."
Tom got lips kissing his lips in response as he kept on repeating his words over and over till he felt urged to sleep obeyed passing out unconscious.

Tom came to finding his eyesight clear as he remembered while hearing Victoria's familiar alarm clock ringing. He felt Victoria lurch herself up into a sitting position followed by her looking at him with affection in her eyes. He smiled in response while eyeing her as she threw herself onto his front and kissed his lips. Tom kissed in response putting hands onto her back rubbing the area. He sighed once she broke off the kiss and didn't protest as she forced him to get up on shaky weak legs. Tom felt weakness hitting him involving his legs as he with Victoria's help got him into the bathing room. He sighed once he sat down in the bath's pool stripped of his underwear to eye Victoria stripping herself of her clothes. He hungrily eyed her and her body while licking his lips. Tom didn't protest as Victoria got into the bath with him kissing him on the lips. His hands of their own compulsion felt for her breasts and were fondling the nipples as they kissed. He sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss followed by feeling her hands grabbing his sensitive part and guided inside her. Tom rolled his eyes feeling Victoria rocking him as he was thrust in and out of her. 
He gave off a sigh as he spilled himself inside Victoria while hearing her speak "Tom." as always to the mating ritual.
Tom sighed and didn't protest as Victoria got him out of her followed by bathing him with soap and a cloth all over not sparing his sensitive part. He shut his eyes during Victoria's hand's manipulations and laid in the bath sighing loudly. Tom sighed and groaned when Victoria's hands left him. He remained in the bath floating in the water as he heard her use the small waterfall for her hygiene's cleaning. Tom opened his eyes and ogled Victoria's scrubbing and cleaning on herself. He kept on watching her despite she aware of him watching and still giving him one of his favorite smiles each time she eyed him. Tom sighed once Victoria was done to use her help getting out of the bath to feel his knees stronger this time. He sighed as Victoria used a towel to dry him of wetness and didn't protest as he did the same to her despite his strength returning. Tom sighed again as Victoria got him back into his underwear shorts and she back into her clothes, purple pajamas and got him back into bed. He laid in bed hearing her typing onto the laptop computer lengthy followed by silence as she set aside the thing. Tom eyed Victoria who put the laptop onto the floor and laid her head down onto his chest pulling up the blankets. He wrapped arms around her and heard her verbalize order for lights off. Tom found the lights in the room dimming in slow moves followed by urges to sleep obeyed to shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing thunder and lightening from above in some echoing way indicating a cave. He found himself lying on top of something stoned while hearing chanting voices speaking words. 
Tom heard "This is our sanctuary, peace will be achieved here."
He frowned for the language was spoken in Americanian by the hissing noises heard sounding of multiple Highlanders speaking it. He kept on lying on top of the object of stone he figured was a table as he continued to hear chanting repeated over and over. Tom felt himself urged to sleep obeyed to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing the chanting voices getting louder and louder till it was vibrating through his head he grimaced feeling the vibration. He jerked open his eyes as if compelled by his own instincts insisting on doing it. He wound up to discover himself lying on a stone floor with light of a glowing being that appeared to be an angel with a Human feminine form and wings with a white robe shining above him. 
Tom heard beeping sounds found himself translating to his shock "Tell me, what brings you here to our place of sanctuary Lost one?"
Tom frowned hearing the beeping sounded familiar and eyed the angel that gave him a glare along with another vibration through his skull. He sighed once the vibration quit smelling the ocean via the salty smells in his nose along with naked of clothes. 
Tom eyed the angel that formed a thoughtful expression on her face and he again heard the familiar beeping "My species is called Sora, which you Earthari a name of your species call us by this word of angel."
He gulped hearing the words to figure the angel had spoken them via the beeping noises. Tom forced himself to get up looking around finding himself in a stone room with a metallic travel gate arch behind him. He gulped seeing that he was kicked off Terra via travel gate by the High Council who didn't agree with his actions and his obsession on Victoria. 
He eyed the being a Sora who beeped in response "Lost One talk!"
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "my name is Tom Thunder-'"
He was interrupted by Sora beeping "Yes I know your name is Tom Thunder aka Mindbender as known. No need to introduce yourself, servant of the High Council."
Tom gapped in response as Sora continued "You match the descriptions of a Leader dubbed Lost One who served a Fishla named Leader Lave on the planetary world of Zarghuna in Annoyov Barack station. So talk on why you are here."
Tom frowned to feel cold abruptly to look around finding clothes piled on the floor in a folded position. He put on the clothes that were twin to a Leader serving Annoyov Barack station as a peacekeeper force that fit him perfectly. Tom found the broach wasn't there included with the clothes as he found the boots included that fit his feet perfectly as if made for him. 
He sighed and kneeled onto the floor as Sora gestured with a hand and spoke "Eat, drink, take in nourishment."
Tom obeyed to find three bowls holding brown liquid in them which he forced himself to sip. He found the bowls were containing a pure form of herbal tea from the taste took his time sipping them entirely. 
Tom once done with the sipping kneeled and eyed Sora who beeped "So tell me your story on how you came to our sanctuary."
He groaned softly and proceeded to tell Sora his story starting with "Tom felt pity take hold..."

Tom once done with telling his entire story eyed Sora who beeped in response "What lesson did you learn hmm?"
He spoke feeling himself calm and not angry "I shouldn't have used my anger of violence to express my displeasure with things I disagreed with. I should have used words of peace instead."
Tom frowned as Sora in response spoke "This is our sanctuary, Humans aren't welcome here." sounding of the Highlanders' chanting voices. 
He found light shining in his eyes blinked from the glare of it seemingly sunlight shining onto him. Tom found himself no longer clad in his Leader clothes but this time clad in his Human clothes he worn when causing the attack on the Elves in Sydney. He continued to hear the voices of the Highlanders chanting over and over till it became garbled sounding of Japanese's languages uses by the tones. Tom found himself lying on stone feeling a pair of Keo's Banshee hands remove itself from his forehead as the language continued. He blinked his eyes from the sunlight's glare shining from above. Tom felt urged to sit up obeyed to do it finding himself in the Highlanders' stone room involving their religious beliefs on Terra. He frowned as the Keo Banshee he eyed triggering his senses going off was hooded in a black robe that folded his hands clasping them in front. Tom frowned feeling himself not angry but calm as he eyed the Keo Banshee's hands that shifted from clawed Banshee like to Human followed by giving a bow towards him and walking away. Tom tracked the figure a hybrid like he was walking out of the room as the sunlight shined over head. He got off the table finding a white haired Highlander standing at the doorway watching him with an intense stare. Tom looked around finding he was alone with the Highlander who kept on watching him unblinkingly. He walked up to the Highlander and recalled his angry reason for attacking the Elves some lower form of Highlander species that were slightly human. 
Tom spoke giving the Highlander a glare "Victoria, I'll do anything for her to stay with me as my mate, who gives me the acceptance I wanted in the first place I never got from anyone. It's the Human form expression of love I never got from anyone not even my raisers who raised me from babyhood to my grown up age."
He cleared his throat noticing the Highlander kept the glare "I didn't get that from the raisers' people either including the Humans who were raised with me. I was out casted all my life and never accepted for who I was a hybrid of two species. I even had a female I valued who appeared to accept me but she passed away dying from some sicknesses."
Tom again kept on speaking after again pausing to inhale "I wound up desperate to seek that love status of acceptance that I would say or do anything for it. I even said the words 'I serve you with undivided loyalties' to the High Council in my desperation and acted as their perfect servant, never questioning their orders."
He exhaled a breath pausing from talking to inhale adding "It took my father a Keo who pointed out that the acceptance I wanted would have to come from a female of another species as my mate. It was something he had himself with my mother a Human and wanted this for me as his son, in his own way of loving me. He really did loved me as his own offspring but wasn't there to provide it."
Tom folded his arms and again cleared his throat then continued "My father wasn't in m life due to his relationship with my mother was considered forbidden. My mother conceiving me was appearing to be some miracle that wasn't done between both species. My father's leader found out and ordered me surgically taken out of my mother while she was carrying me. One of the leader's people shot my mother to death despite my father protesting to it. My father wound up locked up declared a lunatic and was never allowed to be an influence in my life. Hence he following me from Uzan the world I was from to Shadan as it was called back then to its name of Aire-"
Tom was interrupted by a gasp sound from the Highlander as he kept on speaking "The Keos went from Uzan to Aire via travel gates and caused the High Council trouble to nickname them Freeloader. I was used as some peacekeeping force against the Keos by that group. My father wound up among them following me and was the hand that controlled me from causing destruction to the Keo whether I was aware of it or not. I wasn't aware of him controlling me during the destruction but I always managed to remember at a later time of a Keo doing that. I didn't realize that the Keo doing that controlling onto me was my father till he arranged for a meeting between me and himself is when I figured it out."
Tom clamped his mouth shut hearing another gasp from the Highlander as he formed a glare and got from the male speaking "Continue with your story."
He obeyed to speak "I have a male offspring named Rin aka Thurin, named after my father born of a Human female that followed me from Uzan to Shadan that was later transported off planet by Ramses a Meritanian doing it to another world, I'm not sure where."
Tom paused seeing the Highlander had a hand over his mouth and was giving off groaning noises of screaming to him. 
He frowned while eyeing the Highlander who gave up the groaning noises followed by removing his hand and speaking "Continue."
Tom spoke with annoyance in his voice "I have another male offspring born of a Keo female that is named Turbo who appears to inherit my Berserker side I dub the Banshee side of the Keo species. He like Rin was transported off planet by Ramses, and is elsewhere I haven't gotten the faintest idea where."
He glared at the Highlander who again gave up another muffled screaming sound till his familiar Keo sense went off to find the male turning out yelling in Japanese language tones in some angry voice tone. Tom eyed the familiar black robed hybrid standing behind the Highlander that walked further into the room as the male quit his yelling. He kept on eyeing the hybrid as if drawn to find the male removing his hood showing his face he gasped of shock seeing and recognized the face as Turbo, his son from Shadan. Tom gulped seeing Turbo's eyes were golden and narrowed in some accusation glare aimed at him. 
He spoke while eyeing Turbo in the eyes "Turbo, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I wasn't there to father you. I'm sorry that you had to suffer pain from being my own offspring. I'm sorry you had to put up with the High Council and their manipulations-"
He felt a hand cover his mouth that felt gloved was from the Highlander who gave up an ahem sound. 
He frowned but remained silent as the Highlander removed his hand followed by speaking "Tom, your business here is done. You may leave now."
He found himself transported out to the High Council's throne room while hearing alarm ringing loudly. Tom grimaced from the siren noises to bend down putting hands onto his ears. He waited hands onto his ears for the siren to quit followed by his arms grabbed by the Falcons and forced to stand. Tom found the noises quit followed by bell ringing noises. He frowned while eyeing the throne chairs was empty of High Council members. He continued to hear the bell ringing noises to spot a cave entrance off his left as if appeared via hidden status. Tom kept on watching as if drawn as figures wearing red hooded robes entered the room followed by going up the stairs to sit down in the chairs. He found the familiar Souler speaker appearing from a hidden status at the top of the stairs.
Tom frowned as the Souler spoke "Says state your business of being in our presence, stranger."
He spoke "I'm Tom Thunder aka Mindbender-"
He was interrupted "Says Mindbender is dead as executed by our Masters, the High Council five planetary Human calendar years, aka cycles ago with execution done onto him via travel gate transportation. So talk on who you are now!"
Tom stiffened hearing the speaker's words as he felt Anubis's hand over his mouth. 
He glared with annoyance running through him as the Speaker added "Says Meritanians transport this Souler to a travel gate and compel him through for his rudeness."
Tom found himself facing a travel gate once freed from the hand holds to find himself going through the gate as if compelled passing out unconscious.
 
He came to feeling himself kneeling while clad in his Leader uniform feeling a vibration in his skull. Tom jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora that had an annoyed expression on her face. 
He glared at her with annoyance as she beeped "Tell me something I don't know."
Tom frowned and recalled his time at the Annoyov Barack station as if compelled. He wound up recalling himself sneaking up behind Leader Lave to grab the Fishla by behind snapping his neck and then punching his body to pulp once it was on the floor. He gulped recalling he did it because he was furiously angry with Leader Lave's treatment of refusing to grant him a Leader status despite wearing a uniform of one.
Tom recalled fully that Leader Lave always said to him in response to his requests to be declared a Leader "You have much to learn Lost One."
He kept on recalling his questions towards Leader Lave to explain the Lost One comment was always balked and got Leader Lave's familiar words. He gulped and spoke the memory fully in mind while groaning in the process. 
Tom included "I was angry that he refused to grant me a Leader status involving the broach. As result I killed him in a murderous rage hitting me."
He sighed and felt a hand rubbing the top of his head he found belonged to Sora who had a pity look on her face. Tom frowned but didn't comment a word instead allowed Sora to rub his head.
This was followed by her beeping "Anything else you want to admit?"
Tom sighed and spoke "I seem to allow my anger control me when doing things inappropriate including when I want something badly."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and eyed Sora who beeped "You're free to go. You may leave."
Tom got up and went to the travel gate only to find it remained dead when he walked underneath the arch. He groaned softly and found a door in the stone wall opening like a sliding metallic door. He frowned to walk up to the doorway walking out finding a hallway with one end ending in stone. Tom found night vision hitting him as he walked into the hallway following it to see it ended in a wall of water flowing slowly. 
He groaned softly and spoke to himself "Here goes nothing."
Tom entered the wall of water and found himself passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up dreaming of himself living in Rhineland as the city was called in a loft apartment with Victoria in the bathroom typing away. He recalled the dream as a memory when admitting it later. Tom was busy punching onto the punching bag hung in the corner his karate and practicing. He was practicing to a chance to join the fighter's union group for Humans when the doorbell rang. Tom went to answer opening the door finding three males in suits while wearing sunglasses there that identified themselves as Federal Agents. He sighed and allowed them inside to stand with arms folded giving them a glare. 
Tom glared in response as one agent spoke "What do you know of the Masters' Tournament?'
He recalled the Masters' Tournament was a karate fighter's chance to join the Fighter's Union called Mixmaster once winning it. 
He spoke the fact to the agents only to get interrupted "Illegal fights between fighters, such as one wearing paint on the chest and fighting to knock his opponent down unconscious."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response instead the agent spoke "Show me your chest now."
He recalled it still had the paint on it in an X design obeyed sensing nothing from the agents but one speaking "Something you want to admit."
Tom spoke firmly while putting back his shirt "I'm not aware of the rules involving the Masters' Tournament involving paint on the chest. I'm just following whatever my coach tells me to do to win that Tournament to get into the Mixmaster the Fighter's Union. It's for the right to complete in the Global games."
He gave the agents a glare in response only to find one speaking "You alone or with someone hiding in the bathroom, recording this situation? I can hear a sound of a computer going."
He went into the bathroom finding Victoria typing onto the laptop and got her attention while speaking "Federal Agents out in the living room heard you and want you out."
He found Victoria obeyed to get out of the bathroom with him to sit down onto the couch and resume typing with a furious expression on her face only halted by an agent clapping his hands. 
Victoria, he saw gave the agent a glare halting her typing and she spoke "I'm known as Veronica Thomas, published author. I'm on a deadline according to my agent to get this book finished. Excuse me for typing."
Tom found Victoria resumed typing as the agents proceeded to interrogate him about the fights he had while wearing paint on his chest. 
Tom found the agents once done with their questions said to him "We'll be back for further questioning."
He glared in response as they left the apartment slamming the door. He heard Victoria giving off a vulgar insult in Human terms of being interrupted from her typing. Tom sighed hearing her words inclined towards him being rude. He ignored Victoria to resume punching onto the punching bag finding she went back into the bathroom to resume typing. Tom found the memory going away only to get a clear image of Victoria typing onto the laptop computer while sitting on a bed that had purple blankets and purple pillows. He recalled that purple was her favorite color as she was wearing sweats on her form. 
Tom focused onto Victoria who halted her typing once a voice spoke "You should be in bed sleeping, Victoria."
He found Warden in the doorway clad in his black bathrobe getting Victoria's attention that paused from typing. He frowned as Victoria paused her typing to give Warden a Master's glare. 
Warden spoke "You need your rest. Typing all the time isn't good for you staying isolated. You need to get out and about, making friendships. Also explore the city while you're out and about."
Victoria he saw appeared to didn't agree as Warden added "Don't worry, Tom will come back to you, I oath. He truly loved you enough to return you to Terra despite his anger. He really loves you and will do what it takes to return to you in Terra."
He saw Victoria hold up her left hand showing a diamond ring with another ring on the ring finger and appeared to be staring at the rings.
Tom heard from Warden again "Victoria, it's alright by me to call yourself a widow. There are no time limits to when you'll get over your grief of losing Tom. But you need to sleep and rest and live a life."
He groaned softly seeing as Victoria in response set aside the laptop onto the dresser and laid her form down while clutching a black pillow that appeared to be made out of clothe. Tom frowned as Warden shut off the lights to the room via lamps as Victoria was seen closing her eyes. He eyed Warden who once the lights were shut off went to Victoria to stare at her like a Father would by the look on his face. He found Warden speaking Compeller's chatter followed by everything going black as if he passed out unconscious.

Tom recalled translating Warden's Compeller's chatter was spoken for "May Tom, see Victoria in his mind wherever he is."
He wound up gifted with an ability to see Victoria in his mind that only hit when he was relaxed in his mediation in the bedroom of a stone castle. He recalled with annoyance that the watery wall lead to a watery like cave that had a pool entrance above him. He forced himself to swim up to the pool's entrance to come out meeting the inhabitants of the castle. Including one dubbing himself Vincent that was a hybrid of Elves and vampires by his fanged teeth seen acting as his guide around the castle. Tom wound up given his bedroom a small rocky room with a cot by Vincent that had a fireplace that illuminated fire in some electrical way giving off heat and a hole for wastes. 
He wound up told by Vincent "Mediation as the Fishla call it is a must for manoids to do when contained in their bedrooms. It's when Fishla are unable to sleep hence they mediate to solve what's bothering them and the answer comes to them during that time."
Tom had obeyed to mediate while kneeling with hands flat on his thighs to relax himself fully to see in his mind an image of Victoria sleeping in her purple colored bed while holding onto a black colored pillow. He kept on watching via his mind as Victoria kept on clutching the black pillow and appeared to be upset to him.
He wound up speaking "Victoria, I'll find a way to get back to you even if it kills me."
Tom found himself no longer relaxed enough to see her opened his eyes and figured to himself "Warden said something involving Compeller's chatter for me to see Victoria when I'm in a certain status involving mediation."
He exhaled a breath and again mediated only to hear the sound of a door knocking including a hiss sound of a vampire. Tom opened his eyes to focus onto the visitor finding a vampire by the bared fanged teeth standing there. The vampire was clad in metallic clothes with blackness that hissed to him he found himself translating.
Tom heard "Did Vincent tell you where you're to get your nourishment?"
 He recalled the language Vincent used was the hissing language of Fishla that seemed twin to Americanian and Rakcaran.
He spoke in the language "Vincent told me that someone would come and point out the nourishment room to me."
He got up after seeing the vampire nod his head followed by hissed at "Come with me."
Tom obeyed to follow the vampire slowly walking too slow in the hallway taking a route he forced himself to pay attention till noises of voices chattering hit him. He found the vampire led him to the nourishment room he saw was appearing to look like a stone cafeteria with stone walls and metallic benches holding various manoids. Tom saw manoids of vampire, Elves and Humans. Some of the Humans had Amula like eyes he figured were Amula by the looks of them. 
Tom frowned as the vampire once reaching the entrance hissed to him "You're on your own to get what you need."
He didn't comment a response entered the cafeteria hearing silence from the inhabitants to find that they were silently staring at him. He frowned but didn't comment a response to their staring some seen glaring at him with accusation. 
Tom spoke in Fishla's hissing language "Greetings."
The cafeteria in response erupted into scattered talk they ignoring his greetings' comment and appearing to be chattering among each other. Tom frowned but found a table having Vincent there sipping from a blood red cup alone. He went up to Vincent who gestured for him to sit opposite from him which he obeyed. Tom sat and frowned eyeing Vincent who was silent eavesdropping onto the talk in the room. He listened to the noises sounded of Fishla's hissing language all over the room as a vampire arrived carrying a bowl and set it down in front of him and made a drinking sign. He saw the bowl held brown liquid obeyed to sip it entirely finding it was his herbal tea drink in a pure form. Tom sipped the drink entirely finding the vampire gone from the table. He found Vincent remained there sipping his bloody drink ignoring him. Tom once done put the bowl down onto the table and frowned finding Vincent wasn't talkative towards him. It was despite he was staring at Vincent who ignored him. He wound up getting up finding Vincent wasn't going to talk to him by ignoring his noises. Tom wound up listening to the chatter to figure out which table he should go to. 
He went to the table holding Elves only to get them giving him glares and hissing "This is our table, Humans aren't welcome!"
Tom sighed and found the same comment aimed towards him at a table holding vampires and Amula. 
He found another table holding Humans to go to it only to get told "This is our table, freaks like you aren't welcome."
Tom felt annoyance take hold went back to Vincent's table finding the male had finished his blood drink and was busy sitting eavesdropping from the talk. He sighed and sat forcing himself to listen to the conversations of hissing Fishla language. Tom heard various talks all over the place. From the Elves they were discussing various medical treatments, the Humans about their home world Terra and it suffering eater destruction by the Fishla, the vampires about who they fed on as their victim, appearing to be the Humans and the Amula calling themselves werewolves on what food they found hunting in a forest called Attala before the forest scared them to chase them out. Tom found Vincent remained listening to the conversation as he forced himself to do the same while sitting lengthy with the male, he recalling doing that via memory. Tom wound up to recall was in his bedroom lying on his cot a mattress covered by a brown cover with a raggedy pillow to sleep with. Sleep he discovered refused to come to him as he lay on the bed. He sighed and got up going to the foot of the mattress to kneel and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate. Tom recalled that the talking conversations in the cafeteria seemed lengthy till manoids started getting up and leaving the room one at a time. He found himself left with Vincent alone who gave up a sigh sounding like a Human and got up ignoring his efforts to speak conversational. Tom wound up following only to find Vincent had disappeared once reaching the hallway. He groaned and without a word recalled his bedroom to go to it finding Vincent standing in front of the door with arms folded. 
Tom recalled told "Don't ever try to talk to me when I'm busy listening to anyone willing to use violence. I'm expected to be the peacekeeper around here to prevent destruction that destroys the peace. The races agreed to have me become the peacekeeper and keep the peace hence I'm forced to eavesdrop onto their words for any cues. Don't forget this again."
Tom had given Vincent a head bob in response followed by the male walking away into the hallway leaving him alone. He found the lighted lamps becoming dimmer and dimmer as he stood in the hallway watching Vincent walk out of sight. Tom went into his bedroom shutting the door via sliding method finding the door creaked. He sighed and found the room barely illuminated by the electrical fireplace that kept on giving off heat. Tom wound up going to his bed to lie on it staring at the ceiling lengthy till he felt he needed to mediate. He obeyed to mediate relaxing himself to find an image of Victoria wearing black appearing to be a pantsuit and seated at a table signing books to people. Tom figured she was meeting people to promote her books to the public. He sighed finding the image going away along with urged to sleep hitting him. Tom got up and went to the bed to lie down shutting his eyes and found himself sleeping dreams of Victoria he recalled were memories of her.

Tom found himself suffering from boredom and nothing to do except going to the cafeteria to sit next to Vincent drinking his herbal tea drink. It was in bowl every time he was there handed by a vampire. Tom found the people in the room still excluded him from their conversations and table sitting. He felt annoyance take hold one day of sitting with Vincent hearing conversations was about some freak of nature a male he heard. Tom forced himself to be calm listening to the talk appeared to be about himself despite annoyed. He kept on getting further annoyed and aggravated by the talk that sounded like rambling to him involving a male. Tom felt his mood plummet hearing the talk turn to himself sitting next to Vincent as that male. 
He glared at the Elves heard talking "I wouldn't mind testing this freak of nature with medical experiments. He'll make a nice test subject."
Tom heard from the vampires chattering "I wonder when Vincent will allow us to feed off this freak of nature? He looks tasty to us via his appearance."
Tom heard from the Amula aka werewolves "Stay away from that freak of nature. Keep him away from the offspring before he scares them to death.
The Humans he head echoed the same comments from the Amula. Tom felt his mood bad again went to kneel to mediate only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He glared at the vampire standing next to him that hissed "This is not appropriate for you and whoever to do in here. Get up now and leave to your bedroom for it!"
Tom obeyed despite angry to pace in the hallway back and forth. 
He found Vincent blocking his way of a pace to hear the male snarl "Your pacing is setting off the siren alarms in the cafeteria alerting of people arriving. So get out of here and go elsewhere."
He obeyed to walk out of the hallway recalling his route to his bedroom to find the door shut instead of open. Tom heard moaning noises from inside the bedroom. He felt his mood plummet further to yank open the door with a bang sound only to feel a fist connect with his front along with the door slamming shut. Tom found the door remained shut when he tried to open it. He growled an annoyed sound and without a word stomped away further into the hallway and kneeled with eyes shut mediating. 
Tom wound up hearing hissing interrupting his mediation he heard "What are you doing here? This is forbidden for Humans to be here. Get out of here now!"
Tom heard the hissing from a vampire obeyed to get up finding the vampire gone. He went back to the cafeteria via memories of the route only to find there was no one inside. He went to Vincent's table and sat down putting his head onto his arms and shut his eyes. He found a hand shaking his shoulder as he attempted to sleep.
Tom jerked his head up along with eyes open to glare at the vampire standing next to him that hissed "No sleeping in here. Get up and leave."
He obeyed to make sure he picked the hallway beyond the cafeteria's hallway to kneel and mediate. 
Tom found himself aggravated by manoids keeping him up and unable to mediate them telling him "'This is not appropriate. Go to your bedroom now."
He felt his mood bad again began pacing while in the hallway only to get aggravated by Vincent ordering him "Go to your bedroom now! It's inappropriate for you to do this!"
Tom snarled in response "Where's my bedroom?"
He got Vincent giving him a glare and snarling "You should know where it is! Since you're in front of the door at the moment like an idiot!"
He found Vincent's words true to find himself standing in front of his bedroom with the door open and spoke "Thanks Vincent-"'
Tom was interrupted "Don't thank me, Lost One. Thank the Fishla for giving you sanctuary here for a murder you committed."
He exhaled a breath hearing Vincent's words to hear Vincent adding "This castle is reserved for manoids who commit murders out casted among their kind. Their forced to remain here for the remainder of their lives till the Fishla's anger is gone towards this manoid enough to get them to leave."
Tom didn't comment a response as Vincent jabbed a finger at his direction and ran a finger across his throat in some threatening way followed by walking away. He went into his bedroom shutting the door.
Only to hear voices yelling at him "Get out! You don't belong here! Leave now!"
Tom looked around seeing no one in sight yelling the words to frown going back to the bed only to hear the voices speaking in an angry voice tone repeating their words. He groaned and went to mediate only to feel a vibration within his head that felt suspiciously like Sora's vibration. 
Tom jerked open his eyes to find himself not alone but accompanied by two of the Sora's species who gave him glares one ordering him via beeping "Get out! This is our sanctuary!"
Tom ignored the Sora's beeping to resume mediation only to feel a powerful vibration rattling through his skull. He got up and darted out of the room smashing through the door hearing it fall to the floor with a crash. Tom grunted in annoyed sound feeling a hand shaking his shoulder from him lying on the floor with sleepiness slowly going away. He jerked open his eyes and got up via acrobatic move to find the hand's owner was Vincent who gave up a sound of disapproval. Tom glared in response finding his neck whining of pain and his body whining of pain to him. 
He grunted from the pain as Vincent spoke "Don't ever sleep in the hallway again. Hallway sleeping gives manoids permission to target a victim in whatever method they want. Such as vampires aka Earthers as the Fishla call them feeding off of including the Elves doing medical tests. The Humans and the werewolves aka Amula don't care as long as the victim is used for their fists."
Tom groaned loudly and found Vincent ordering him "Come along now."
He obeyed to follow Vincent to a large cavernous room holding a glowing pool of water in whiteness color. 
Tom frowned as Vincent spoke "Get in. It'll heal you."
He made a motion to remove his clothes via lifting his shirt only to get from Vincent "Clothes are a must when in the healer. The healer determines if clothes should be off or not."
He sighed and didn't protest got himself into the pool via steps to the side and found himself compelled to kneel while inside. Tom obeyed feeling the water came up to his chin. He sighed feeling the water was warm and appeared to be soothing him in some bubbling method. Tom shut his eyes as if compelled to come to feeling himself urged to breathe which he obeyed sucking in water. He coughed the water and found himself still in the pool underneath the surface. Tom got himself out of the pool while coughing out water. He found himself much better from the healer as it was called. Tom walked out finding his clothes draped onto his form via wet plastered form. He sighed and found Vincent within vicinity giving him a widen eyed look appearing to be eyeing his stomach. Tom ignored the clothes highlighting his body entirely including his muscular abs. He went to Vincent while clearing his throat which the male shook his head. 
Tom frowned as Vincent quit his staring then spoke "Come along now to the eating room. You could use some nourishment." 
He obeyed to follow Vincent to the cafeteria to find conversations become silent as he entered the room his clothes still plastered to his form. Tom went to sit down at Vincent's table ignoring the clothes felt sticking him and the wetness felt onto him. He absent mild paid attention to the conversations in the room he heard was about himself. Conversations were mostly focused onto his body highlighted by the clothes wet from the healer's pool.
Tom sigh hearing the Elves commenting "A perfect specimen of Human form involving his body. I like to test him involving his physical weight abilities. Make it so when the opportunity arrives."
From the vampires "Lucky Human looks like that while others don't. His blood when tasted seemed disgusting. Yuck."
From the Amula he figured he'll refer them instead of werewolves "Interesting. Wonder what he did to make himself like that? Bet its some drugged status he's withdrawing from hence he drinking the healer in some earth form."
From the Humans he heard "Lucky bastard freak of nature. He'll be used as breeder by the Elves once they find him perfect from their medical tests. His body was too hard for us to punch with our fists when we did that. Lucky."
Tom sighed and got handed his familiar drink via bowl by a vampire and got Vincent forcing him to sip it entirely. He found Vincent prevented him from gulping despite itching to do it. Tom didn't protest as Vincent forced him to sip the bowl's contents entirely till it was consumed is when he was freed of the hand's holds. Tom put the bowl down once finished. He saw a vampire appearing in view taking the dishware away and fading from sight. He sighed softly feeling himself not inclined to give off that rude noise as one called it when he ate regular food. Tom leaned back in the chair with arms folded with eyes shut forcing himself to listen to the conversations in the room. He heard repeated comments involving himself from the others. He heard talk changed to familiar conversations among the Elves, Humans, vampires and Amula. Tom ignored the talk and forced himself to mediate till an image of Victoria flashed into his mind making him angry to see. Tom saw that Victoria was in the middle of a mating ritual involving being touchy onto a male a blonde human making him annoyed to see. He saw that Victoria was happy doing the sexual act onto the male who was fondling her in response. He opened his eyes to glare at the table with arms folded and hands turning into fists. Tom glared at the table as the image of Victoria's ritual persisted. He forced himself to shut his eyes finding Victoria halted the ritual before it went further than just touching, and got off in a fast move. He found disgust forming on her face as the male displayed that as he saw people come into view wearing uniforms of a movie studio and handing them both clothes. Tom found a camera in view appearing to be recording the scene followed by Victoria without a look at the male left the scene while clad in a bathrobe of black. He tracked her going into a trailer to shower via shower followed by walking out to meet her assistant, as assumed was the female, an Elf Human hybrid from the eyes and Human like ears telling her something from an electronic e-reader. Victoria he saw got dressed into sweats of black that seemed too large for her along with drying her hair and putting on her familiar rings of marriage onto her finger. He sighed seeing Victoria sitting around in the trailer listening to the assistant speaking via e-reader as a hand shook his shoulder. Tom found the image of Victoria going away to open his eyes finding himself alone in the room with Vincent standing next to him. 
He sighed and spoke "Just fell asleep-"
"Typical for a victim of the healer to do that sleeping." He was interrupted he heard from Vincent who added "Come along with me now."
Tom obeyed following Vincent who slowly walked in the hallway he forcing himself to pay attention to where they were going. He found Vincent led the way to the familiar pool involving whiteness that turned black to his confusion seeing it. 
"Take your clothes off." He got from Vincent "The pool is indicating naked statuses."
Tom found Vincent refused to budge from leaving the room or turning his back despite his glares and throat clearing noises. He forced himself out of his clothes finding Vincent's eyes widening seeing his form including not sparing his sensitive part. Tom ignored Vincent and went into the pool finding it turn white and he again kneeled while inside it. He found himself lulled to sleepiness only to come to choking onto water. Tom got out of the pool once he found it indicated it finished healing him. 
He found his clothes no where in sight and Vincent speaking "Come along now." 
Tom felt annoyance take hold forcing himself with arms folded and naked to follow Vincent out of the room into the hallway and ordered "Lie down. Sleep. You could use it."
He obeyed to come to feeling himself floating in a cylinder tube. Tom jerked open his eyes only to see blurriness hitting his eyes he unable to see. He exhaled a breath finding him sucking in watery like substance making him coughs. Tom coughed as the cylinder tube went horizontal followed by spitting him out. He felt hands grabbing his arms yanking him up to stand along with smelling the salt air of the ocean in his nose. Tom found himself in the High Council's throne room on Terra from the looks of it. The group was still in their seats as he noticed Victoria wasn't in sight. 
He glared at the High Council with annoyance take hold figuring to himself "They had me put into a tube for an unknown time period as punishment and till that brouhaha died down from what I did."
Tom found his mouth covered cutting off his thought to figure "I'm speaking it out loud."
He didn't comment to Anubis's hand felt covering his mouth instead glared at the High Council as their Souler Speaker appeared and spoke "Says what you have to say in your defense to causing the attack in Sydney?"
He spoke with firmness in his voice with Anubis's hand off his mouth "I'll serve you with undivided loyalties but don't ever take away the reason why I serve you alive instead of causing the end of my life."
Tom glared in response to find the Souler bowing his head followed by the High Council going into a discussion seemingly lengthy to his annoyance.
He glared as the Souler raised his head and spoke "Says what is the Recorder to you in your defense?"
Tom recalled fully the reason to speak "She accepted me with the Human term of love something I was seeking from anyone including serving you out of desperation of wanting that."
He made sure he sounded firm to glare at the High Council that went into another discussion till he heard from the Meritanian, Walls "High Council, the restless natives of Egyptia are appearing to use that attack as reason why they shouldn't trash you to others among the natives publicity among Humans. The Elves that were killed in Mindbender's attack were the ones identified as those who spoke out openly to trash you, High Council to the Humans. Every single one Elf that trashed you was killed in Mindbender's attack as ordered and guided by us, Meritanians."
He stiffened hearing Walls' blaring to glare at the High Council with Sinister in control to hear snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. Tom kept on glaring in response only to feel compelled to will aside Sinister which he obeyed. He kept the glare as the Falcons released their holds onto his arms which he folded his arms with a glare in response. 
Tom kept the glare as the Souler speaker spoke "Says Meritanians transport Mindbender to where he can be appropriately attired now."
He obeyed to find himself in a jail cell from the looks of it including finding a jumpsuit for him to wear on the bed. Tom put the jumpsuit on and forced himself to kneel with eyes shut feeling his mood bad again. He kept on mediating till a bang of cell bars opening sounded he ignored. 
Tom ignored the noises till another bar of cell bars opening along with hearing "Get out now!"
He opened his eyes to find the familiar female Souler with Victoria's face standing in view in front of the doorway with bars opened. Tom didn't say a word of protest walked out following the female into the hallway and out of the jail cell's vicinity to another hallway. He found himself surrounded by Soulers thrusting their swords onto him as he found Commander Travis of the Soulers' police peacekeeping force standing in view with a glare on his face. Tom didn't comment a response to the glare instead held his hands up and waited for Commander Travis to speak.
He didn't have long to wait as Commander Travis spoke "Hand me a knife now."
He gulped as Commander Travis was handed a knife via a Souler followed by grabbed by the Soulers in an ironclad hold. Tom gulped as Commander Travis without a word proceeded to use the knife to peel onto his face right where the skin bandage was covering the scarring mark. He kept on gulping as Commander Travis got the skin bandage off his face revealing the scar to his disgust. 
Tom frowned as Commander Travis spoke once handing off the knife to a Souler "You're to keep this scar in view as a sign to the Elves that we marked you in punishment for your attack you did to them. The Elves traditionally have a tradition of when one murders them the murderer gets their face cut to form a scar mark permanently onto their face. Anything else behavior wise involving the Humans and their treatment towards you is up to the Humans. The Elves will ignore you in some shunning terms till their over being angry at you, despite your scarring mark seen. Be warned that the Humans and other natives of Egyptia might out casted you for awhile when you travel around Sydney and Egyptia's cities. Just keep to yourself for awhile and don't attract attention till the natives are over being furious with you and the High Council."
He didn't comment a response as the Soulers freed their grips onto him followed by Commander Travis adding "Vika, show Tom to where he's to go around here."
He found the female Souler clearing her throat and wordlessly followed her taking a stairwell route from the basement of the building from the looks of it. He didn't comment a response as the female, Vika he assumed was her name that got him outside in the glaring sunlight with the glaring of the presses felt filming him silently. Tom found Vika halted once reaching a van and gestured for him to get inside. He ignored the filming of the presses to notice that they were all Humans from the looks of them as he got inside the van. Tom sat in a seat he saw was a taxi from the looks of it that drove him to the airport in Sydney to his confusion. 
Tom frowned as the Elf driver once reaching the airport terminal spoke "End of line, get out. Good riddance."
He got out finding two cops standing nearby with Souler like eyes, of all blue color that proceeded to march up to him and ordered "Come with us now."
Tom obeyed finding them leading the way through the airport and processing him through the terminal to a plane and got him aboard with them sitting next to him in the middle seat with each cop on both sides of him. Tom frowned as the flight attendants were polite towards him when he asked for herbal tea to drink after calling them to him. He found the plane ride seemed lengthy along with forced to remain seated with the cops next to him that ignored him. He forced to sit eyes out the window seeing the scenery including sipping a bottle of herbal tea. 
Tom forced himself to take his time sipping the drink as told by the flight attendant in a polite tone "Please ration your drink. We're not a restaurant for passengers to ask for drinks and food galore. Like I tell passengers, ration your food and drink till we land for either refueling or you to get off to your destination."
He found himself sipping his drink a few sips then held the bottle in his hands on his lap while shutting his eyes. Tom forced himself to mediate hearing the noises of the passengers he heard scattered languages in vicinity including recognizing German spoken. 
He figured to himself "I'm going to Fatherland by the language uses around here."
Tom found his thinking correct by the plane landing in Fatherland's airport in Rhineland. He sighed as he and the cops got off with the passengers followed by escorted through the airport terminal to hear a shriek sounding of joy to him. Tom frowned as he was the reception of a female body throwing herself onto him followed by kissed on the lips. He recognized the lips as Victoria's and the body's hold onto him obeyed to kiss her back. Tom sighed feeling tapping onto his back along with ahem sounds to break off the kiss finding Victoria was clad in her familiar black pantsuit with hair braided that gave him one of his favorite smiles. He smiled back in response feeling like needing to do it as the hand's owner turned out to be a familiar hybrid Elf Human female with an e-reader device in her hand. 
Tom frowned while eyeing the female who spoke clearing her throat "Excuse me but I didn't want this to turn further than it intended hence my rude interruption."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Victoria got off him and took his hand he sensed she was wearing rings of marriage on her left hand via the grips. Tom didn't protest as Victoria took his hand and led the way out of the airport to a waiting limo with an Elf driver standing in front of it that opened the door. Tom found the Elf not giving any glares instead kept a blank expression as he and Victoria with the female hybrid got inside the limo. Tom sighed as Victoria got onto his lap followed by her kissing him on the lips lengthy as he kissed her back. He found via vibrations as the limo started and drove into the city he ignored everything around him to keep on kissing Victoria. Tom sigh softly feeling himself relieved to be touching Victoria after awhile of missing her. He kept on kissing Victoria till he regret when she broke off the kiss. Tom sighed while eyeing Victoria as the limo was felt stopped. He didn't protest as Victoria got him out of the limo into the glare of the presses filming and lights flashing. Tom once again felt lights glaring onto him like a flashlight blaring making him slightly blind. Tom would later learn the glaring lights, was from people hoping to see his Berserker side in control for pictures. He felt Victoria guiding him through the glare into the building he saw wasn't their former apartment he stayed in Rhineland. Tom frowned as Victoria got him into the elevator to hug him in a tight hug. He sighed leaning his head against her head and didn't comment a response to her crying heard. Tom found Victoria wiping her eyes with her sleeves once the elevator reached a floor finding it ending into a lobby with a metallic door. Tom frowned as Victoria walked to the metallic door and waved a hand towards the ceiling finding the door open in a sliding move. He followed her into the apartment with Victoria ignoring him to go to their bedroom to exchange clothes. Tom watched her in her familiar purple bedded bedroom typing onto the laptop with the Master in control with her clad in sweats of purple. He sighed and went to explore the apartment only to hear a throat clearing noises, behind him, when he went to find the kitchen. Tom found a male clad in a suit that gave up golden eyes of a Builder standing behind him. 
He frowned as the male spoke "This is Master Warden's residence and I'm the butler, James as called at your service. Just yell for me via my name in the public areas involving hallways. Not the bedrooms. I'll arrive to you with whatever request you want no matter how silly it is."
Tom sighed and recalled himself clad in his jumpsuit "Clothes for me to wear?"
He frowned as James spoke in response "You'll find them in the bedroom with the Missus Thunder. Anything else?"
Tom shook his head in a no gesture to get James fading from view. He went to Victoria's bedroom to explore it finding his clothes of entirely black in the dressers to exchange his clothes. Tom heard giggling sounds from Victoria to find her looking at him with a familiar look involving sexual hunger as he was naked. Tom went to Victoria and without a word took the laptop from her and carefully placed it onto the dresser next to the bed. He resumed crawling onto the bed and met Victoria's lips for a kiss a lengthy one while feeling her hands running onto his muscular abs. Tom sighed and didn't protest as Victoria got him to lie down onto his back onto the pillows and blankets followed by her stripping herself of her sweats, revealing her naked form. He licked his lips as Victoria straddled him which he reached out his hands towards her breasts. 
Only to get her grabbing his wrists and chaining them to the bed posts her speaking "Oh no it's your turn to pay my payment price for that fuss you put me through."
Tom sighed and didn't protest while eyeing Victoria who proceeded to kiss and suck him all over not sparing his sensitive part including his nipples. He wound up gasping once she was done with her mouth making him itching to thrust inside her. Only to get her getting up and picking up her laptop and putting on her clothes to his annoyance and going to sit down in an armchair typing away. 
Tom mentally spoke "Restraints off."
He found the chains getting off of him followed by paralysis hitting his legs when he made a motion to swing them off the bed. Tom felt his mood deflating as he eyed Victoria who ignored him with the Master in control while again typing onto the laptop rapid fired pace. 
He spoke realizing what Victoria wanted from him "Victoria, I'm sorry for the hell I got you to go through. I went through hell trying to get you back to me after the High Council threw you away. I still find you valuable enough to remain at my side, as my wife and my equal."
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and eyed Victoria who appeared to not hear him instead remained typing onto the laptop which he sighed and grabbed her black pillow to frown feeling it familiar to him. Tom eyed the black pillow feeling it entirely to sniff it. He smelled his scent onto the pillow including feeling it felt like it was made out of fibers involving his hair. Tom recalled able to cut his hair after living in Terra one standard year, it grew to his waist. The High Council according to them insisted on him to cut his hair which he obeyed finding Victoria taking the braid away once he had his hair short back into its familiar style. He sighed realizing the pillow was made out of his hair via fiber sewing methods and stuffed with something him not sure what it was. Tom willed forwards the Berserker to mentally give off the shield command, while in process, to hear a shriek sound after succeeding in his efforts. He frowned as he felt a body connects with him onto his front along with hands felt rubbing him all over including not sparing his fanged teeth. Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who had tears in her eyes as she ran her hands over him including the rest of his form, via Berserker side on his arms and shoulders including his face. He sighed and remained still while eyeing Victoria who stripped herself of her clothes revealing her naked form. Tom kept the Berserker in control as if indicated by Victoria as he rolled his eyes feeling her guiding him inside her. Tom laid back feeling himself happy having himself inside Victoria as she grabbed his shoulders and was felt rocking him. He kept his eyes rolled and neck bared with head up feeling her doing it fast. It was followed by him sighing and her shrieking out his name when he spilled himself inside her. Tom didn't protest as Victoria got him out of her followed by her kissing him all over while having the Berserker in control. He gave off moaning sounds in response to Victoria's mouth touching him sucking and kissing him all over his body. Tom sighed as he again found himself inside Victoria followed by her moaning loudly in response to being fully up to hilt inside her. He didn't protest as Victoria remained seated onto his front with his sensitive part nestled inside her and found she didn't do any rocking movements. Tom sensed that she wanted him to take control obeyed to roll them over while still having the Berserker in control. He felt Victoria's breasts with his clawed bony hands her sighing and rolling her eyes, as seen in response. Tom placed hands onto her back and began thrusting in a rhythm as he heard her moan loudly. He gave up his familiar sigh sound as she again spoke his name after he spilled himself inside her while feeling currents of sexual haze running through him and Victoria. Tom sensed Victoria relaxing adjusted his position till his head was level with hers and gently hugged her in response. Victoria was heard giving off crying noises and speaking his name while feeling her hands running through his hair. Tom kept himself still and remained lying on top of Victoria he relieved to have his body touching her body along with her hands settling to his shoulders to wrap around the back of his neck. 
He sighed and didn't protest as Victoria spoke in a weepy voice "Just hug me, Tom."
He obeyed lying hugging Victoria for a lengthy time till night vision hit his eyesight. Tom found Victoria fallen asleep adjusted positions till she was on top of him still asleep. He adjusted the blankets to cover them both followed by silently laying awake for an hour on her alarm clock. 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes thinking to himself "Everything should be alright with Victoria at my side loving me like I love her dearly too much to not live without her."
He passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blaring feeling Victoria lurch up into a sitting position from his arms. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who straddled him again followed by her giving him a Master's glare and speaking "Will that aside now, Tom."
He obeyed to frown as Victoria without a word kissed him on the lips he kissed her back. He found his wrists again chained to the bedposts to his annoyance. Tom eyed Victoria once she broke off the kiss her folding her arms and giving him a glare. He gulped from the glare despite her eyes still displaying the Master. Tom frowned as Victoria without a word went to her clothes putting the sweats on and went to her laptop he feeling himself paralysis from the neck down. Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who resumed typing onto the laptop lengthy as he stared at her. 
He kept on staring at Victoria till she heard speaking "Tom Mindbender Thunder, staring isn't proper and you know that."
Tom wound up sighing hearing her use his full name involving living among the Humans as ordered by the High Council. 
He spoke in response "Victoria Katherine-"
Tom was interrupted "Veronica Thomas is my name as said to the public involving my career in the arts."
He frowned while eyeing Victoria who kept on typing onto the laptop as he willed forwards the Berserker and felt his paralysis gone from him by her waving a hand in his direction. Tom got up from the bed after freeing himself of the restraints via mental order. He went to the dresser holding his clothes and with maneuvering put the sweats on followed by awkwardly tying his sneakers on. 
He heard a disgust sound from Victoria followed by hearing "Tom, that's not proper to keep in control all the time."
Tom willed aside the Berserker and fixed his shoes as he went to Victoria to kiss her neck she kissing him on the lips in response. 
He sighed once she broke off the kiss and she spoke "Get into the hallway and call for James and ask if breakfast is ready for the both of us in the dining room."
Tom obeyed to yell for James to hear a familiar Tsk sound off his left which he spoke "Breakfast? Is it ready?"
Tom frowned as James spoke "It's ready in the dining room. Yes I was made aware to the cook of your nourishment requirements by Master Warden himself."
He frowned but spoke "Thanks James."
Tom didn't get a response from James but faded from view which he went into the bedroom to find Victoria still typing onto the laptop. He broke her typing by kissing her on the side of her neck she groaning loudly. 
Tom spoke "James says that breakfast is ready. You need to eat for your health."
He found Victoria shutting the laptop and carrying it while taking his hand to the dining room he paid attention to where they were going. Tom exhaled a breath to find the dining room was twin to Jinks Montreal's dining room residence by the design of its walls and furniture. He found the doors to the kitchen in a different position involving one end of the room as he went to sit down opposite from her at a short end of the table. Tom found a bottle of herbal tea sitting on the table and opened it sipping up his drink entirely. He found Victoria gobbling up her food in a fast movement making him put the bottle down and leaned over grabbing her hands. 
Tom spoke to her glare "Take it slow when eating. You don't want to be sick from eating too fast." 
He found Victoria obeying but appeared to be a bit rushed in her eating to his annoyance. 
"She hasn't been eating much food since you weren't in her life." He heard sounding of Warden in the dining room entering it unnoticed. 
Tom frowned to find Warden clad in his familiar suit that went to sit at the head of the table and added "Victoria has been mostly typing down her grievance with the High Council via her recording device including various comments to have you out of containment. Took one standard Human calendar Luna month to have that freedom happen."
Tom sighed recalling it took him the twin time for his scar on his face to become a permanent fixture onto the area. He resumed sipping his drink in response as Warden appeared to be eating his food via silverware despite Victoria using hands for it. 
Tom resumed sipping his drink entirely then once done spoke towards Victoria "So what did you do while I was in containment? What arts did you get involved other than just writing books?"
He eyed her with Sinister's glare in response to get her gulping down a bite of food followed by her speaking "Warden, you had something to do with your overheard Compeller's order to make Tom see what I was doing didn't you?"
Tom spoke for Warden "Yep he sure did."
He kept on the glare aimed at Victoria who guiltily spoke "Alright! I wound up not just doing books but acting into a soap opera as it's called a popular TV series in Europe called Rags' Riches. Don't ask me for that title or why they thought of it. I did only one appearance onto that TV series as publicity stunt for my books on advised of my assistant whose attitude is I'll do whatever it takes to make me famous. I only did one episode posing as a maid having a sexual ritual with a male who turns out he prefers males to females sexually."
Tom kept the glare as Victoria added "No kidding on that same gender favoring for sex. There are really people mostly Humans in Terra that favor the same gender for sex. But the jury is still out on how the Elves really feel about it. As for the Elves, they call it by this name of Airhead, it's as nicknamed by the Elves. Only in the United States and in Europe is where it's legal for couples to admit this publicity including a marriage ceremony. Elsewhere the Elves appeared to be debating the issue on whether to make it legal or ignore it. At the moment according to internet research their just ignoring it."
Tom quit the glare in response as he willed aside Sinister and leaned back with arms folded to hear a loud meow. He found on his lap was a black cat with a purple collar that yowled at him. Tom found the cat pawed his hand in response to him trying to pet it.
He heard "You're in Samantha's chair as indicated by her behavior." from Warden.
Tom sighed and snatched the cat up expertly feeling her squirm in his hands' grips. He got up and placed the cat Samantha down onto the chair and went to another chair to sit. Tom found Victoria managed to finish eating her food followed by her typing onto the laptop making him annoyed.
He spoke towards Warden seen reading via e-reader device "You got a gym room for me to exercise?"
Tom heard a throat clearing noise from Victoria in response to frown while eyeing Warden who spoke "I got a pool for exercises for me. It helps my joints and helps me walk without a limp. If you want weightlifting and something physical just hit the gym down the street for it. I signed Victoria up with a double membership including you when you return as oath like I said you would. You really should explore the city some more, Tom." 
Tom sighed and didn't comment a response as Victoria was seen closing the laptop and carrying it out of the room. He found Warden ignored him to focus onto his e-reader which he groaned softly. Tom sighed and without a word got up to seek Victoria. He found her in their bedroom typing onto the laptop with a furious expression on her face. Groaning softly Tom went to find a TV room finding it appeared to be a movie theater to him holding only ten seats. He heard a Tsk sound when he attempted to find the remote to find James in the room with him.
Tom spoke "How do you turn this thing on?"
James made a sound of disapproval followed by speaking "This room is reserved for Warden only to use and not his guests without his permission or his presence. I suggest you leave now."
He spoke firmly while eyeing James "The stairs to out of here to get out of the building? I might take a walk."
Tom got from James in response "The stairs is for emergencies only to be used for that. So sorry you'll have to take the elevator. I did on Warden's orders programmed the front entrance to let you in once you're done with your walk."
Tom sighed and without a word left the movie theater room to go to Victoria's bedroom finding her rapid fired typing with the Master in control and her mouth into a thin line. He sighed and forced himself to silently find a pair of shorts to wear underneath his sweatpants then found a t-shirt to wear. He put the clothes on including his sneakers then made a movement to walk out of the room only to hear his name spoken.
Tom paused while eyeing Victoria who jabbed a finger to her dresser and she spoke "You'll find a communication device in the first drawer for you to take."
He obeyed to find the device was some kind of ear device like a hearing aid with a speaker microphone attached he recognized Warden using in front of him during meetings. Tom sighed and put it on hearing nothing from it in his ear. He walked out of the apartment and took the elevator to the lobby finding the guard giving him a salute in a greeting. Tom saluted back in response and went out of the building intending to jog on the sidewalk to the gym as said by Warden.

Tom came into the lobby with disgust running through him as the guard again saluted like automatically. He ignored the guard and went to the elevator finding it was in use. Tom recalled with arms folded what got him disgusted was the gym was for females only by the signs of it in Human language of Japanese and windows blocked out from visitors to see in. He wound up jogging all over the city despite taking numerous buses to find a men's gym he couldn't find to his disgust. He wound up finding a park in the middle of the city after getting off via bus and went to a clearing to practice his karate via a black belt Kata. Tom recalled himself filmed while there doing his Kata ignoring himself spied on. He found someone shining a light glaring onto him via his eyes indicating a laser distracting him from his Kata. Tom recalled further that the laser kept on shining into his eyes making him blind to doing his Kata till he did it with his eyes shut. 
Tom found clapping noises along with hearing "Hey you!" sounding in a rude tone when he resumed his Kata.
He found the hand's owner was a male cop appearing to be a Nikolas's twin by the looks of him who added "This practice of yours isn't allowed in this section of the city park. Get out of the dog park now smarty!"
He obeyed to find he really was in the dogs' area to find owners arriving giving him glares of annoyance while dogs were whining in pain to him. Tom found the cop followed him all over the park as he explored it trying to find a clearing to practice his Kata. 
The cop kept on saying "This practice of yours isn't allowed in this section of the city park!" Followed by naming what it was for with people annoyed at him arriving.
Tom felt disgusted without a word went to the bus stop to wait for a bus only to feel rain coming by thunder and lightening flashing. He wound up drenched by the rain a lengthy time period as the storm raged overhead followed by the bus arriving. 
Tom found the driver balked letting him sit down instead told him "You're to stand with that wet looks of yours. I can't have patrons complain of wet seats."
He obeyed despite exhausted and took two buses back to the street despite the rain falling hard. Tom arrived to the building to hear a familiar siren noise he recognized of hail and icy rain to get inside as the ice balls fell hard. He ignored the waiting for the elevator to find the doors open showing a couple inside in a mating ritual that ignored him coming inside. Tom ignored the couple getting kissy faced onto each other and ignored him in the elevator. He recalled Warden's floor found the elevator not moving instead remained sitting in the lobby with the couple still kissing each other on the lips. Tom clapped his hands and glared at the couple who broke off the kiss and without a word towards him left the elevator. He felt the thing move and went up with multiple dinging noises followed by stopping at Warden's floor with the W sign on the door he recognized. Tom walked out hearing the elevator shut its doors and waved a hand towards the door. 
He found the door refused to open instead said "Inappropriate person detected."
Tom yelled loudly "Warden it's me Tom Thunder! I'm outside waiting to gain entrance inside!"
He found his yells for nothing as the door refused to budge opening. Tom recalled the communication device on his form pressed a button on the speaker part only to get a whining squeal in his ear. He yanked off the device to realize with a start that the rainy weather destroyed communications hence it indicating. Tom paced back and forth with arms folded and still holding onto the device till the door slid open followed by two males both Nikolas's twin holding gun weapons with glares on their faces. He held up his hands in a surrender gesture and got the twins in response hauling him into the elevator followed by taking it downstairs. Tom felt annoyance take hold as the twins got him into a hallway kicked out of the elevator he smelled pool water and found the thing shut in his face. Tom went to the door at the end of the hallway to find a pool room with splashing sounds and laughter sounding within. He went into the pool room to find Warden swimming in the pool while his Elves guards were heard snickering loudly on some mental joke.
Tom went to the pool's edge finding the Elves ignored him as Warden treaded the water and spoke "Tom get into the locker room and find something to wear to join me into the pool now."
He obeyed to jump into the pool off the deep end avoiding splashing Warden and began swimming his mood foul from his city outing. Tom went to the shallow end and began doing his Kata in karate hearing no comment from Warden and the Elves who kept on snickering loudly. He did his Kata entirely without interruption till water was splashed onto his face when he attempted to do his Kata again. Tom found his mood quit being foul as he found Warden clad in a bathing suit splashing him which he ignored and resumed swimming. 
Tom found Warden swimming next to him in the pool as he reached the deep end to tread finding the male speaking "You have my permission to use the deep end's edge to practice your acrobatic training via diving methods into the pool."
Tom sighed and obeyed to practice his acrobatic ground training finding nothing to indicate of a diving board at the deep end. 
He sighed figuring to himself "Safety first hence no diving allowed."
Tom practiced his acrobatic training till he heard once he was out of the pool clapping noises to find Warden standing near the edge that spoke "Enough of the pool use. Our allotted time of one hour is up by the pool guards."
He saw Warden gesture to the Elves giving him and the male glares. Tom sighed and went into the locker room following Warden. He found the male going into the shower facilities which he obeyed to do the same along with getting out to dry himself and picking up his clothes from the locker that appeared semi damp. Tom put them on over his shorts he used as a bathing suit and found Warden outside the locker room clad in his familiar suit.
He kept his mouth shut in response as Warden gave him a glare and spoke "You're late."
Tom sighed and spoke "I beg your pardon-"
He was interrupted "Come with me to the elevator now."
Tom obeyed to follow Warden to the elevator hearing the male giving off Compeller's chatter to find the elevator doors opening showing the familiar couple inside kissy faced. 
He sighed as Warden spoke "I'm done using the pool so get out of the elevator if you're going to use it. The elevator isn't for such rituals like that."
Tom heard Warden's firm voice tone to find the couple in response getting out of the elevator and still kissing in the hallway as he and the male entered the thing. 
Tom gave up a loud Hmph only to get Warden's familiar glare which he spoke "Bad day trying to find a men's gym for me to practice and using the park for it which some cop chased me off. I wound up in a rainstorm as a result. Besides your apartment's door refused to grant me entry and I broke the communication device from the rain."
He gave Warden a glare who spoke in response "The Eli as the computer mind is called is programmed to do what I want and not what you or your wife does in my residence."
He didn't comment a response instead folded his arms and found Warden added "Besides I asked Victoria and now you specifically to live in my residence for a specific reason. It involves giving me company in a friendship family like way. I have no other family at the moment I'm aware of other than you and your wife to keep me company."
Tom sighed and refrained from commenting as Warden got the elevator to his apartment floor followed by following the male out into the residence. He found Warden walking away with a visible limp. Tom recalled Victoria in her bedroom went to find her no where in sight but her laptop sitting on the table folded shut. He sighed and went to the en suite bathroom holding a large three person shower stall, a toilet and a sink to peer at himself via the mirror. He found his scar was the same as ever despite the skin bandages removed off the area. Tom frowned while eyeing himself in the mirror as he rubbed his scarred cheek. He felt his anger rising shut his eyes while rubbing till he felt rage opened his eyes and made a motion to punch the mirror. Tom found a loud yowl sounding in his ear distracting him along with feeling cat's paws onto his shoulder. He sighed and willed himself to calm as Samantha the cat was felt rubbing her snout face onto his ear. He sighed again and took Samantha off his shoulder that squirmed being held. Tom left the bathroom to go into the bedroom. He placed the cat onto Victoria's bed and went to the middle of the room to kneel forcing himself to mediate out of his angry mood. Tom mediated willing himself to calm till he heard a door slam sound opened one eye to find the door to the bedroom shut with Victoria having the Master growling angrily in the room. He gulped seeing her angry expression was indicating she was going to explode into a temper tantrum. Tom found Victoria was clad in sweats and looking like she was wet to him. He groaned softly and resumed shutting his eyes mediating forcing himself to listen to Victoria's explosion. Tom didn't have long to wait as Victoria exploded swearing vulgarity insults at him he grimaced hearing. He wound up hearing her swearing vulgarity insults at the weather and along with vulgar comments of having to walk home in the weather due to Warden refused to send for a vehicle according to the Eli when she communicated. Tom exhaled a breath and ignored Victoria who kept on her vulgarity chatter while hearing her stripping off her clothes and tossing them at him. He grimaced when her wet clothes were felt slapping him as she stomped into the bathroom slamming the door with a bang sound. Tom sighed and got up forcing himself to change out of the clothes putting them onto the floor and went to join Victoria into the shower stall. He found Victoria crying in the stall while leaning against the tiled wall of blue color. Tom sighed and went into the shower with Victoria and without a word grabbed the soap and began soaping Victoria all over not sparing her privates. He didn't protest as Victoria got him into a mating ritual of him thrusting inside her while she was hooked legs around him and arms around the back of his neck. Tom sighed once done and found her speaking his name as always followed by her getting off of him and soaping him all over not sparing his sensitive part. Tom sighed to hug Victoria allowing the water to spill over them washing the soap. 
He sighed again as Victoria ordered "Tom get out. I'm done being in here."
He obeyed to dry Victoria as she stood ignoring him while having her head cocked indicating she was thinking of a story this time for her typing. Tom sighed and dried himself then put the towels away followed by ignoring Victoria staring at the tiled wall with a far away expression on her face. He went to the dresser to put on a pair of jeans and rugby top and found Victoria picking up a pair of sweats from the bed putting them on. 
Tom frowned as Victoria was heard "Hmm, caught in a rainstorm?" sounding in a distracted voice.
He groaned softly and found Victoria had grabbed her laptop and proceeded to open it followed by typing onto it with the Master in control and her eyes displaying all black. He saw her mouth was in a thin line spotted Samantha getting off the bed and heading towards the door pawing while meowing loudly. Tom groaned and went to the door to let the cat out who darted out in a joyful move. 
He eyed Victoria and with a sigh figured to himself "I might as well find something to do while I'm here."
Tom left the bedroom intending to yell for James only to hear a Tsk sound to find the butler next to him with disapproval in his voice tone.
He spoke "Excuse me I was about to yell for you-"
He was interrupted "Master Warden has taken to his bed and requests guests such as yourself to stay in the desired bedroom till ordered out by me. It's to spare the Eli confusion on whether she's detecting intruders or staff members."
Tom sighed and spoke "The cat?"
He got from James another Tsk sound who added "The assigned gonoids has free reign in the apartment but cannot be kept contained in guests' bedrooms during the period of Master Warden's lockdown."
Tom frowned and without a word went back into the bedroom gently shutting the door. He found Victoria had resumed her typing and appeared to not want to be disturbed. He groaned and went to the armchair to sit leaning back only to hear an irritate meow sound. He got up with a fast move to find he nearly sat onto a cat hiding underneath the blanket that hissed of disapproval. Tom eyed the cat he saw was orange colored and pawed his hand when he attempted to pet it. He found the cat kept on hissing in response as he succeeded in touching its head with a palm. Tom found the cat in response giving off a satisfied meow followed by rubbing its head onto his hand before resuming a sleeping status. He sighed and replaced the blanket and adjusted it in a way for the cat's body to be highlighted that was ignoring the coverage. Tom went to sit down on the floor and began doing his yoga, stretching exercises finding himself still limber as always. He recalled the limber status was a part of being species Banshee that had double joints to bend themselves out of shape like contortionist athlete. Tom stretching finding himself calming down then went to mediate while kneeling with eyes shut. He heard the laptop's keys going rapid fired pace allowed himself to listen to it for Victoria's mood. Tom found Victoria seemed lengthy with her typing with no pauses till he felt like sleeping got up and yanked the laptop from her.
"Hey!" He got from Victoria.
Tom placed the laptop down onto the dresser and spoke "Bed, Veronica Thomas."
He gave Victoria, Sinister's glare to find her giving off a loud Hmph noise followed by her lying down in the bed pulling the blanket to herself. Tom got into the bed willing aside Sinister and spoon fashioned Victoria as he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to from a dream of Victoria typing onto the laptop while he was lying asleep in bed. He heard the familiar sound of the laptop's keys clicking to jerk open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find Victoria seated on the armchair typing away. He recalled the cat to feel purring vibrations of a cat sitting on his side which he peered to find the orange ball of fur was tummy sitting. The cat gave up a meow sounding like a greeting to him. He felt himself further inclined to sleep lulled by the cat's purring vibrations obeyed and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling lips kissing him on the lips which he kissed back in response but resumed a sleeping status. 
He felt Victoria's hands onto him thrusting him onto his back followed by hearing her yell "Tom Mindbender Thunder! It's time for you to get up as by the alarm clock blaring!"
He groaned and rolled over ignoring Victoria's blaring only to feel her straddling him and again kissing him on the lips. Tom kissed back in response only to groan when he felt her hand touching his scarred cheek making him open his eyes breaking off the kiss. He had annoyance on his face and eyes as he glared at Victoria in response that thrust a cat onto his front. Tom frown while sitting up while holding the cat that purred in his arms. 
He eyed Victoria that spoke "Lockdown is over with according to the butler knocking on the door soon after the alarm clock rang. I'm surprised that you didn't hear that thing going off."
Tom placed the cat onto the bed and went to the alarm clock in response to find its alarm rang a loud siren sound making the cat yowl in response. He quit the alarm clock's siren and shifted to glare at Victoria with Sinister in control.
Tom spoke "You didn't sleep did you, Vicky?"
He got Victoria glaring at him in response as he added "I saw you during my sleep typing onto that laptop. You didn't bother to sleep hence you up and awake with the alarm clock never going off."
He formed a glare as Victoria's face turned into a familiar expression indicating she was going to blow a tantrum. Tom sighed as Victoria exploded swearing vulgarity insults at him including using vulgarity when it comes to her typing onto the laptop via deadlines to email her agent books for the public of Fatherland to read. Tom again sighed and kept his mouth shut as Victoria set the laptop aside and began pacing back and forth in front of him swearing vulgarity at people expecting her to be Veronica Thomas author of novels that seemed to be half accepted by the public with some of her books rejected publicity including some of her stories accepted. Tom felt a compulsion to leave the room obeyed ignored by Victoria pacing back and forth still swearing vulgarity. He ignored her and went to the dining room to find Warden inside reading his e-reader with an amused expression on his face. Tom exhaled a breath and went to sit down at the dining table finding his familiar drink bottle there. He sipped his drink entirely till Victoria arrived into view carrying her laptop via handle that slammed the device onto the table and with a loud Hmph sat down. Tom frowned but refrained from commenting in response as Victoria he spied took her time eating her food ignoring him staring.
Tom heard a throat clearing noise from Warden to eye the male who spoke "Excuse me for saying this Victoria, but Tom needs to know that Veronica Thomas's works focuses onto people serving the High Council in a way dubbed Annoyov. I believe you know what that means don't you Tom?"
He noticed Victoria's glare obeyed to speak "I know what's an Annoyov is. It's a person doing things in the High Council's name without the group's approval to do it."
Tom resumed sipping his drink as Victoria kept on glaring at him as he heard from Warden "Also the natives of Fatherland, uses the word Annoyov for someone who aggravates them. 
Such as commentary 'He's being Annoyov.'
Its slang, talk for the person aggravating another person."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as Warden gave him a golden eyed glare with a familiar expression he recognized was "Confess your crime."
Tom sighed once sipping a sip of herbal tea spoke his adventure while out of the apartment followed by mediating in the bedroom where Victoria came into slamming the door. He quit to sip another sip of herbal tea only to find Warden giving Victoria a familiar glare with eyes still golden. He frowned as Victoria spoke what she said to him via her tantrum once she got home slamming the door but without the vulgarity included.
Tom found Warden gave him another glare which he spoke "I caught Victoria typing onto the laptop while I was asleep in bed. She woke me up this morning despite the alarm clock never going off to wake me up. I suspect that she was typing onto that thing the most of the night."
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a thin line as he found Victoria giving him a Master's glare making him gulp followed by hearing from Warden "Actually according to the Eli, when asked Victoria did sleep in bed with you and was woken up by the alarm clock."
He groaned softly and didn't comment as Warden added "Eli says that your REM sleep patterns indicated that you were very tired and exhausted yourself enough to pass out unconscious in a healing deep sleep. You were detected sleeping like a log and never moving despite Victoria sensed fidgeting while sleeping with you."
Tom groaned loudly to resume sipping his drink only to get Warden's hand onto the bottle and him snarling "What do you have to say to Victoria?"
He sighed and spoke firmly while eyeing Victoria "I'm sorry. I'm sorry for assuming the wrong conclusions. I should trust you more often."
He got Warden's hand off his bottle which he resumed sipping while staring at the table ignoring the silence in the room followed by a cat's bell toy heard. Tom heard the ringing noise sounded in a playful tone to him he ignored sipping till the bottle's contents was entirely consumed. He slouch leaned back in the chair rubbing a hand over his eyes till he heard the laptop's keys clicking again. Tom sighed and didn't comment a response to shut his eyes folding his arms listening to the laptop going till he felt cat paws onto his shoulder. Tom sighed as the cat gave off a loud meow in some questioning tone. He sighed and reached out a hand allowing the cat to rub its head onto the area followed by jumping off. Tom resumed folding his arms till he felt a choking sensation opened his eyes with a start. He found Warden had resumed reading his e-reader as he found Victoria had a hand in his direction with the Master in control. 
She was giving him a glare which he gagged out "Sleeping at the table is rude. Excuse me."
Tom got from Victoria once he could breathe "Not what I was trying to say to you Tom."
He resumed sitting to frown while eyeing Victoria in response as she willed aside the Master and got her adding "So talk on what you did since I was knocked out unconscious by the High Council mind raping me. I heard it involved you throwing a tantrum of some rage episode. I would rather hear the story from you instead."
Tom sighed recognizing the voice tone she was using was her speak for "Speak the story and I'll type it down for my records." 
He wound up seeing Warden put down his e-reader and fold his arms giving him a glare while clearing his throat. Tom sighed recognizing that Warden wanted to hear the story too.
Tom obeyed to speak the story "Tom felt pity taken hold..."

The End?
