

TOO CLOSE TO CALL.
ANNE WHITNEY.
Copyright © 2014 by Anne Whitney.
Cover design copyright © 2013 by Moi Designs.
Smashwords Edition.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

For Megan, for everything she’s done for me.

Chapter 1.
The stench of power hit Carrie as soon as she walked into the press room. The gaudy City Hall posters covered in their cheap slogans and stock photographs of various smiling families did nothing to bring the much sought after common touch to a room full of men in Tom Ford suits whispering harshly down iPhones as fresh faced assistants scrambled behind. Even the gaggle of press, who had expectantly taken their seats before the podium and pulled out their recording equipment in preparation, seemed to have made an effort with their wardrobe choices today, preferring ties and jackets over the usual mismatched muckraker uniforms. Carrie, in her second hand blazer and un-ironed black pants, felt a little out of place, but pushed such frivolous thoughts to the back of her mind as she took the nearest seat. It wouldn’t be her shoes that changed the world, she reminded herself, and she mustn’t succumb to such silliness on her first day in the lion’s den. 
The first few weeks of journalism work for The List magazine had gone surprisingly well for Carrie. More used to the comfort of independent blogging, the sudden change to strict deadlines and editorial control took some getting used to, but who could say no to contributing to such an institution of political journalism? After a few website exclusive columns on some of her favorite topics – the city’s housing crisis, the effect of forced government cuts on social mobility for young people, and the perplexing phenomenon of conservative feminists – Carrie’s editor decided it was time to move into the real world of reporting and sent her straight into the thick of it all at the offices of the city Mayor. Mere months after a disastrous split among council members, with the city’s economy stagnant, the upcoming election, and the less than PR friendly activities of certain officials, the offices of Mayor Milton were on the defense. 
The main figure in the firing line, the Mayor’s press secretary, was due to make a statement on the recent crumbling of negotiations between his office and the city’s largest teachers union. A planned strike had been cancelled after a so-called deal had been met, but only two days later, the strike was back on, and with the Mayor in the firing line after some more colourful comments of his made it into the press. However, given the Mayor’s habit of disappearing whenever a microphone was shoved in his face, the odds on the statement taking place were slim. 
The room buzzed as journalists joked together about what they were about to witness. Carrie herself was already thinking up a suitably witty pun for her piece’s headline. She may have found the tabloid press to be scum-sucking parasites void of any decency or integrity, but she could never resist a good front page pun. Pulling out her laptop – outdated but still performing its task admirably – and recording equipment, she looked around the room and waited patiently for the conference to start.
The room came to a hush as the doors opened, but quickly filled with bemused questioning as the main attraction walked in. He most certainly was not the Mayor. Carrie couldn’t hide her surprise. The Mayor liked to send out the Speaker of the City Council or his trodden down press secretary to do his dirty work in times like these, but to send out the newest recruit on the day of an announcement this big positively stank of panic. Maybe he was hoping the darling Marcus Castro would dazzle them all with his famed beauty.
Marcus Castro’s appearance had been commented upon by the press much more than his professional skills for Carrie’s liking. While it was understandable that not many people in city politics looked like square jawed, bright-eyed GQ cover models, that shouldn’t distract from the real harm he was defending on a daily basis. Castro straightened his tie as he confidently strode towards the stage, entirely undistracted by the white hot flashes of cameras, and took to the podium. He pulled out a few sheets of paper from his jacket pocket before flashing a quick smile towards the press pit.
What a supreme asshole, Carrie thought. He’s like the government’s big red flag used to distract the bull of the press whilst they do all manner of amoral political bullshit. Carrie made a mental note to include that metaphor in her article somewhere, as well as to find a more eloquent term for ‘bullshit’. The man positively radiated smugness, with his perfectly cut suit, undoubtedly obscenely expensive, and shit eating grin some strange folks believed to be charming. Another trust fund baby working his way up the political ladder, Carrie thought, because the world clearly needed more of those.
“Good morning, ladies and gentlemen,” Castro started. “Thank you for joining us today. Today’s latest development with the unions brings, of course, some disappointment…”
Castro began his ridiculous spiel that Carrie had heard the officials of City Hall use countless times before – the mess inherited by the previous administration, the need for all to make some sacrifices, the continuing support for the planned public sector cuts, the same old routine. Carrie practically had it memorized. She came close to dropping off until one particular sentence caught her attention.
“Of course, since the discussions ended so quickly, at the behest of the union heads,” Castro said, in regards to the tax U-turn, before continuing with the party line. Hang on a second, Carrie thought, that’s definitely not right, and by the sounds of the murmuring throughout the room, she wasn’t the only person to notice that. She scrambled to find an internet connection whilst Castro continued his statement. When that failed – the hub of the city’s government lacking accessible Wi-Fi was just ridiculous – she pulled out her Blackberry and opened up the bastion of political knowledge, Twitter. She knew exactly what she was looking for and stifled a triumphant giggle when she found it. 
Perfect, just perfect.
“I’ll take a few questions now, but not for too long,” Castro declared as his speech came to an end, punctuated with yet another toothy smile. Carrie couldn’t decide whether that cockiness would bring about his rise or his downfall. Maybe both. She shot her hand into the air like an eager schoolgirl, only to be overlooked in favour of one of the Post’s lot, who asked the same question she was going to.
“You say the negotiations ended very quickly,” the journalist began. “Can you tell us exactly when that was.”
“Quicker than we would have liked,” Castro replied. 
That was it? Carrie resisted the urge to snort derisively. The Post’s man didn’t push the matter any further and more hands shot into the air, including Carrie’s. This time, she was successful.
“Mr Castro,” she said, trying to keep her nerves under control. She was still new to this game. “Can you give us a precise date as to when this decision was made?”
“As I said earlier, it ended sooner than the Mayor’s office would have liked,” came the reply. Simple, evasive, very much the result of media training. That wasn’t good enough for Carrie. 
“I ask because last night at around 10:30, Councilman Jackson Merrygold, who sits on the education committee, said on Twitter in regards to the union negotiations, and I quote, ‘Well, that didn’t go very well. Talks over. Thanks, boss.’ Sir, if negotiations ended quickly at the behest of the unions, then why does one of the council members present at said negotiations seem oblivious to this development?” 
Castro didn’t reply straightaway. While he remained icily cool and composed, his ever present smirk seemed a little off. He looked towards Carrie, staring at her as if she were a puzzle to be solved. 
“I hardly think that a 140 character tweet counts as an official government statement,” he replied with a laugh. 
“That being said, he is still a prominent and trusted member of the city council and education committee, one who was present at the negotiations. You can confirm his presence, yes?” 
“I… I cannot reveal everything that goes on in important meetings, Miss… Sorry, I didn’t catch your name.”
“I didn’t give it. Carrie Stewart from The List magazine.”
“Well, Miss Stewart, as I said before and you didn’t seem to notice, these discussions ended prematurely and the Mayor is supremely disappointed that the strikes will go ahead, thus disrupting the lives of millions in the city. Are there any other questions?”
Dear god, was this man stuck on repeat, Carrie wondered. So much for being the shining star of city politics, Mr Castro. She sat close enough to the front row to notice a glistening bead of sweat drip down the side of Castro’s head and hoped the cameras were filming in HD today. Besides, Carrie wasn’t quite done yet.
“Actually, Mr Castro, I never got an answer to my question,” she interjected before another question could be asked. “A simple yes or no will do. Was the councilman present at negotiations and is his statement true?” 
Castro paused, his previously amused look making way for a more frustrated one. He continued to stare at Carrie, who retained her composure despite her heart trying to beat its way through her ribcage. She wouldn’t let him win this. It took her a while to notice that the earlier murmuring in the room had reduced to complete eerie silence. This had become quite the spectator sport. 
“Next question,” Castro announced as he turned away from Carrie and pointed to a man sat near the back row. Carrie resisted the growing urge to throw pieces of her leftover lunch in her rucksack at Castro. She knew that in the long-term, Castro’s snub of her would hurt him more than it would help him – the city council’s PR push to seem pro-women certainly wouldn’t benefit from this – but at that moment in time, Carrie felt insulted. Luckily, the press outnumbered the politicians, and they weren’t too happy about one of their own being treated in such a manner.
“Actually, Mr Castro, I too would like an answer to Ms Stewart’s question,” the journalist said. “Was Councilman Merrygold telling the truth or is the Mayor’s office saying he’s a liar?”
“I feel as if this discussion is going in circles, gentlemen,” Castro replied, attempting another casual laugh. This one seemed forced in comparison to his earlier composure. He was going to crack. Bring it on, Carrie thought. 
Unfortunately, one of the Mayor’s many special advisors standing in the corner pulled shapes in Castro’s direction, signalling an end to the all too brief Q&A session. Castro made his quick apologies and thank yous before stepping off stage as quickly as he could. The press continued to yell questions at him as the camera flashes restarted. The woman next to Carrie gently nudged her and shook her hand, congratulating her on “your latest scalp”. Suddenly, Carrie felt like a true muckraker. 
Chapter 2. 
Surprisingly, Carrie’s editor at The List was not as enamoured with her earlier performance as she had been. As she stood in Raul Rodriquez’s cramped office at The List HQ, she felt not unlike a student being scolded for talking out of turn during class. No doubt she’d find it hilarious in hindsight but right now her upcoming rent payments weighed heavily on her mind and she hoped she wouldn’t be sent packing due to her press conference dramatics.
“I must admit, Carrie, I did enjoy watching Castro’s sweaty brow as he crumpled like tissue paper up on that podium,” Raul began. That seemed like a good sign, Carrie thought. “But having the Mayor’s office call me up to harangue me for what felt like freaking days really was the cherry on top of the cake. What the hell was going through your head when you thought back-chatting was good journalistic behaviour?” 
“I asked him a question, he didn’t answer it. I wanted an answer. That was all,” Carrie replied with a shrug of her shoulders. “It’s not my fault Castro’s PR training didn’t go so far as telling the truth.”
“He’s the deputy press secretary. He’s not supposed to have independent thought.”
“Exactly. He stuck to the government line and it was a terrible line. Come on, Raul, you know it would have been utter bullshitting of the most high grade soft-ball order to have let him get away with that. If we hadn’t done it, Charlie Rose would have. He’s scheduled in for later tonight.”
“Not any more he isn’t. All of a sudden not a single member of the Mayor’s office is available for comment so Charlie’s interviewing one of the Democratic candidate shortlist tonight.”
Carrie raised an eyebrow. How very interesting, she thought. Maybe she really had claimed a scalp. “I’m sure that’ll do wonders for their reputation.”
“Because ours is in glowing shape right now,” Raul muttered, his head in his hands. “You read what the others are saying about us?”
“I did get some utterly charming tweets from Drudge earlier. I was so proud of them I thought about having prints of them made for my wall. He used the word ‘dear’ and everything.”
“You’re being called a heckler,” Raul said, not finding Carrie’s amusement over her online troll baiting the least bit entertaining. 
“They don’t know what ‘heckler’ means then.”
“Somehow I doubt The List will be welcome at any further government press events.”
“So? Then that means the government’s shutting out the power of the free press. We just roll out an interview with the opposition leader, do a special on censorship and the media-politician relationship and make sure everyone knows about the shut-out. We’re The List, this is what we do best, and we always have done.”
“We haven’t always been so heavily in debt with falling sales, Carrie,” Raul added. Carrie fell silent. Of course she knew about the magazine’s difficulties – the freelance team discussed it frequently as they worried over the security of their employment – but she didn’t think that meant they had to sacrifice what the publication stood for. The List had been proudly dragging politicians into the dock for over 40 years. Carrie had read her step-father’s copies of the magazines under the covers late at night and had a whole new world opened up to her, one where she became inspired to make a real difference in the world. Landing a freelance position with them so quickly after graduating had been nothing short of a miracle, and she knew she couldn’t waste an opportunity like this. 
“Should I pack up my things and leave now?” Carrie asked.
“What things? You don’t have a desk here. And no, I’m not firing you. You’re annoyingly good at what you do and our online commenters haven’t been this positive in a long time. Go write up your piece, the usual guidelines, and have it done by 9. And try not to get into a Twitter war with Politico.”
“Will do. And thanks, Raul, I really mean it. I won’t let you down.”
Carrie slung her battered rucksack over her shoulder and left Raul’s office with a spring in her step, ready to get stuck into things. She made her way towards one of the empty desks to write her piece, only to find herself dragged away by a familiar face.
“You were one of the city’s trending topics on Twitter for a whole half hour!” Lucy Lane, another freelance writer, said excitedly. Carrie was surprised she was able to hear Lucy’s high pitched squeal since such sounds were usually reserved for dogs. 
“Please tell me you screen-capped that,” Carrie replied, pulling Lucy into a hug. 
“Of course I did. We’ve also put the post-statement CNN analysis on our website. The Huffington Post panellist was most unimpressed with your actions. Apparently you’re rude and unladylike.”
“Oh, what a shame, and I spend most of my time worrying about what Arianna and company think of me. How are you tackling the story?”
“I’ve pitched a piece on the government’s overreliance on Crichton, Castro and newly promoted flunkies to face the music when it comes to crises to Raul but he’s still considering it. We’re not exactly short on stuff like that. I also thought about a Marcus Castro profile since he’s become such as popular figure with the press…”
“I wonder why,” Carrie added.
“But now that you’ve collected his glistening skull to be displayed in your trophy cabinet, I doubt we’ll see him receiving another promotion any time soon.”
“Depends how desperate they get. If the office keeps sinking like it has been, I guarantee we’ll see another pretty boy in that job by the time of the election.”
“Nah, he’s in too tight with the Mayor to be fired before the election, even with things tanking so badly. Then again, Castro and his family are very good friends of the Mayor so maybe he’ll be promoted.”
“Castro for press secretary?” Carrie laughed. “He’s 33 years old!”
“There are younger ones around the country, and none of them were single-handedly running election campaigns while in an Ivy League college.”
“Which will help the Republicans to shake off their image as a party for the elite.”
“It would play well for them to have a successful Latino as a top spokesman playing off against the likely candidate’s woman, who’s never worked outside of politics.”
“A candidate polling higher than anyone in the Mayor’s office,” Carrie pointed out. “He may look like a model but those lovely Castro eyes will only act as a smokescreen for so long before we all remember that his kind never change.”
Lucy scanned the room in search of something. 
“What is it?” Carrie asked. “What are you looking for?”
“A soapbox for you to stand on,” Lucy replied, ducking to avoid Carrie’s playful slap. “To be honest, I don’t think this’ll stop Castro’s inevitable ascent to the top. This government doesn’t exactly have a lot of gold stars on its record when it comes to learning from its mistakes. The rehabilitation of Marcus Castro will come soon enough.”
“And I bet it’s accompanied with a GQ photo-shoot. Now, I’d better write up my piece before Raul asks for my own glistening skull. Wanna do dinner tonight? I’ll cook if you bring the wine.”
“Music to my ears but I’m afraid I’m off to Madrid for a week or so,” Lucy sighed.
“Doesn’t sound like much to be disappointed over.”
“I’d rather be going for a vacation than to report on the economic crisis, to be honest, but Jack’s ill and since I’m apparently one of the few freelancers with a valid passport and a basic knowledge of Spanish, you gotta do what you gotta do.”
“Not the best of circumstances, true. Still, go kick ass.”
“Thanks, honey. I’ll see if I can get some cheap sangria. I’ll catch up with you and your new found fame next week or so, okay?”
The pair hugged before going on their separate ways. Carrie sat at an empty desk and quickly began to type, the words flowing from her mind to the document with an ease she hadn’t experienced as a writer in quite some time. As she neared the end of her first draft – she would inevitably edit it or even re-write the entire thing before the evening’s deadline – her Blackberry buzzed in her pocket. A touch annoyed by the disturbance of her flow, she pulled it out and attempted to finish typing with one hand, something she hadn’t quite mastered.
“Hello?”
“Good afternoon. Am I speaking to Miss Carrie Stewart?” A polite female voice asked down the line.
“This is Ms Stewart, yes,” Carrie replied, placing emphasis on the ‘Ms’. 
“Hello there, I’m Elizabeth Morgan and I’m a special advisor to Mr Marcus Castro.”
Carrie’s typing hand froze over the keyboard. “Oh.”
“I hope I’m not disrupting your day with this phone call.”
“Oh… oh no, of course not. I was just… just… y’know… working.” Carrie stammered. Dammit, I should not be freaking out over this, she told herself. What’s he going to do, sue me? 
“Good. I’m calling on Mr Castro’s behalf. After today’s press conference he is keen to speak with you further and has granted your publication an exclusive interview with him.”
“Wait, really?” Carrie asked, unable to hide her disbelief. Why on earth would Castro want to speak not just with The List but her specifically, especially after today? If this was a PR game then it was a confusing one. Media rehabilitation operations were usually reserved for more sympathetic publications, not unapologetic left-wing magazines that occasionally left even the Democratic Party running scared. Was this a set-up? Castro’s advisor laughed.
“I can assure you, Miss Stewart, that this offer is very real. Of course, we have contacted the magazine’s editor Mr Rodriquez beforehand to make the offer but Mr Castro specifically requested that you be the one to conduct it.”
This was not the typical way things were done. Deputy press secretaries didn’t really hold much sway over their own public images because most people really didn’t care about them. But the opportunity to take on Castro again, face to face in a private and exclusive interview was not one that came around very often. No doubt Raul would be thrilled with this. There were countless political magazine and blogs that would have killed for this chance. Why did he specifically want her? 
“Well, that’s very flattering. If you could e-mail further details to my editor, I’m sure we can sort out a time and a date.”
“Actually,” Morgan said with a lilt in her voice. “Mr Rodriquez has already confirmed your presence at the interview and Mr Castro will see you tomorrow. A car will come to pick you up from the offices of The List at 1pm. I hope this isn’t too short notice for you, Miss Stewart.”
“Ms Stewart,” Carrie corrected her again. Of course it was too short notice, which was probably part of their plan all along. She’d worked under some near impossible conditions before and she’d come out of them relatively unscathed, so there was nothing to worry about. “And no, it’s not too short notice for me. Tell Mr Castro that I shall see him tomorrow.”
The pair exchanged polite goodbyes before hanging up. Carrie needed to prepare for tomorrow, but not before paying another visit to Raul to give him a piece of her mind. 
Chapter 3.
Since Carrie would not budge on the suit, Lucy insisted on the heels. Carrie had tried to reason that since this was a print interview, it wouldn’t matter what the interviewer wore since nobody would see it, but Lucy continued to assert that bright yellow trainers and combat boots, the only other pairs of shoes Carrie owned, didn’t quite give off the image of professionalism. Carrie stood outside the The List offices, trying to smooth out the creases in her black pinstripe blazer and pants. Castro’s driver was late. Typical, she thought, another broken promise from this Mayor’s office. 
She had no idea why Castro thought it best to send a driver to pick her up since she was perfectly capable of making her way there on her own, but Raul told her to just go along with everything for the sake of the scoop. Luck had clearly been on their side and the editor wasn’t quite ready to let it slip away yet. He had not questioned Castro’s request to have Carrie conduct the interview, even though Carrie herself had pondered loudly over the issue to anyone in the offices who would listen. ‘Just get through it without slapping him and everything will be fine’, he had insisted. Carrie felt a little disappointed over having to promise not to slap the man who infuriated her so much. Castro might have annoyed her even more than the Mayor, and that was saying something. 
Eventually, the driver arrived in a less than austerity friendly Jaguar. Some things never changed in government, Carrie thought as she rolled her eyes at the overpriced monstrosity that stopped before her. To his credit, the driver didn’t get out of the car and offer to open the door for her, instead letting her enter herself before he drove off to their destination without so much as a ‘hello’. 
The driver dropped Carrie off in front of a very large town house in Manhattan and drove away the moment she slammed the door behind her. She definitely hadn’t expected the interview to be taking place in Castro’s private residence. Even though it was a Saturday, the government weren’t exactly working a five day week. Maybe Castro had been sent on leave after yesterday’s calamity. If only everyone could be given paid time off work to lounge around an exorbitantly priced New York property on such a beautiful day. 
Indeed, the house pretty much fit Carrie’s expectations of what Castro’s residence would look like. The three storey townhouse of brown and white bricks came with long, tall windows and a newly painted black door that reminded Carrie of another more famous front entrance that she had no doubt Castro wished to call his own one day. The property seemed a little too large for a bachelor. Then again, this was a bachelor with enough money to swim in, so of course he would want to show it off. What better way to intimidate the silly little liberal hack? Carrie took a deep breath and patted down a few fly hairs that had escaped from her side parted ponytail. Nobody was going to tell her she couldn’t do this, not even herself. 
She strode towards the door and rapped her knuckles hard against the door. Confidence may not have been her forte, but she was very good at faking it. After a few moments, the door was opened and Carrie found herself facing not a butler, as she had sneeringly thought she would, but Castro himself, dressed down in a navy blue jersey and jeans. Carrie wondered if he’d been informed that she would not be bringing a photographer with her for this interview. 
“Miss Stewart, thank you so much for coming,” he said, holding his hand out. Carrie briefly shook it and nodded politely.
“No problem, and it’s Ms Stewart,” she replied, nodding again as Castro stepped back to allow her entrance into his home. 
“Of course, Ms Stewart, my apologies.”
She quickly scanned around her surroundings before being led into the sitting area. Everything seemed relatively normal: crisp, bland but showroom friendly décor mainly in beiges and magnolias, lots of framed photographs on the walls, mostly of Castro with various figures of influence and affluence, high ceilings and polished wooden floors with minimal furniture but lots of books and newspapers covering every possible shelve, table or available space. Carrie couldn’t spot any copies of The List but begrudgingly admitted that, apart from far too many books on Republican politicians, he had relatively good taste in his reading material. All in all, both the house and the man would make a fetching addition to the inevitable photo-spread that would accompany this interview. Carrie just hoped that the window dressing wouldn’t overshadow the main show. If The List inadvertently became the vehicle for Castro’s media rehabilitation then she would have to reconsider her path in life. 
“Please, take a seat,” Castro said, signalling towards a large cream couch that exuded comfort. “Would you like something to drink?”
“No thank you, I’m fine.” Carrie took a seat, sinking into the couch a little further than desired. She began to pull her equipment from her rucksack – laptop, microphone, notebook jammed full of research on the subject – and gently laid them on the glass coffee table nearby. Everything in the room seemed to scream proudly of Castro’s disposable income and Carrie couldn’t help but feel a little anxious over it all. 
Castro took the seat opposite her, lounging backwards into the chair and crossing his legs, clearly a man comfortable with his surroundings and his lot in life. He watched Carrie fiddle with some cables a little too intently for her liking. There was just something about those eyes that got to her. She didn’t like to be watched; she certainly didn’t like to be stared at like prey. Suddenly, Castro leapt from his seat, causing Carrie to flinch.
“Oh, I’m so rude, I almost forgot,” Castro said apologetically. “May I take your coat?”
“Um, okay, thanks,” Carrie murmured. She removed her blazer and handed it to Castro, whose eyes locked on the black script on her forearm peeping out from her shirt. 
“May I ask what your tattoo says?” 
For some reason, Carrie found herself overcome with nerves. She had many tattoos – the most recent one still a little raw under her shirt – and had no bones about showing them off, but Castro’s eyes lingered too long on her pale skin in a manner that most certainly was not polite. Did he even know he was doing it? She wanted this interview to be over and done with as soon as possible so she rolled up her sleeve to reveal the entire quote to Castro.
“‘The wall to wall is calling’? I’m afraid I’m not familiar with that quote. Is it from a poem?”
“It’s from ‘Rock ‘n’ Roll Suicide’ by David Bowie.”
“An interesting choice of quote to have inked onto your skin forever. Do you have any other tattoos?”
“Yes.”
“How many.”
“Seven.”
Castro let out an impressed whistle. “Seven? That must have hurt. What else did you get?”
“Sir, I really don’t think my tattoos are of any relevance to the purpose of this interview,” Carrie said, becoming increasingly irritated. If she’d wanted further interrogation in regards to her tattoos then she would call up her mother and break the news of her latest one. Those lectures were always fun. “If it’s okay with you, I’d like to start the interview now.” 
“Of course.”
Castro hung Carrie’s jacket up then returned to his seat, remaining annoyingly cool in the process. Dammit, Carrie thought. Now was definitely not the time for games and for losing one’s temper. She needed to regain the upper hand quickly.
“Ready?” She asked.
“Fire away, Ms Stewart.”
“Was Councilman Merrygold present at union negotiations and was his statement correct?”
Castro laughed, his head lolling backwards against the cushions. Apparently the Mayor’s office still wasn’t providing a straight answer on that issue, even after a barrage of constant questioning and with the strike fast approaching. The media had been pretty merciless to start with but soon the cycle of politics had continued and moved onto the next story of government incompetence. A week in politics was a year in the real world. Luckily, Carrie had an excellent memory for such things. Castro regained his composure and smirked.
“If you continue down this line of conversation then this will be a disappointingly dull interview, Ms Stewart.”
“Then why not just give us a straight answer? It’s not as if you’re helping the Mayor’s office with your strident silence. Do you feel that your handling of this issue was correct, given the circumstances?”
Castro paused, still smirking. If he wanted to progress in politics then he would have to drop the smirk at some point. The government already had too much of a reputation built on smug rich boys. 
“Given the circumstances, both in the Mayor’s office and for regular people across this great city, preventing the strike was our top priority. Unfortunately, due to a breakdown in negotiations, thanks to union leaders, our hard fought efforts were squandered and as a result millions of hard working parents and their children will suffer the consequences.”
A very textbook answer, Carrie thought. Lots of buzzword potential, very much the expected response from a press secretary. How very boring. 
“In terms of responsibility, four years of budget cuts have led to the loss of over 6000 teachers’ jobs as well as reduced funding for schools for children with special needs. Given the Mayor’s re-election promises that he’ll make New York the most child friendly city in the country, how do such policies help kids and their hard working parents?”
“Obviously, while this is an unfortunate reality of government that sacrifices need to be made by us all. However, I would also direct you to the latest figures showing a noted improvement in teacher satisfaction in all five boroughs and higher test scores across the board.”
“Which figures are these?”
“I’ll have them sent to your office.”
“I’d prefer the unedited data.”
“It’s all available on our website.”
“Which group conducted the research?”
“I can’t remember off the top of my head, I’m afraid.”
Suddenly, Carrie remembered why she preferred writing columns over interviews. Castro’s evasiveness was growing thin. This interview would be a very boring read if this kept up. She wanted to keep asking him for the truth, stuck in the admittedly naïve belief that he would crack under the pressure and finally reveal what she already knew about the government. 
“Actually, forget the councilman’s statement on union negotiations ending thanks to the Mayor. When did you personally find out about it?”
“Well, as a member of the Mayor’s press team, I was not present at the negotiations…”
“No, don’t start that,” Carrie interrupted. It was a bad idea to have an attitude change so early on in the interview but she really couldn’t care less at that point in time. “It didn’t work at the press conference and it won’t work here.”
Ms Stewart, don’t let your frustration get to you. It won’t help anyone.”
Frustration? Oh yes, he’d definitely crossed a line. The last time a man had sneered about her supposed frustrations like that, she’d ended up throwing a mojito in his face. Since there were no drinks within reach – why had she refused his offer of one? – she gripped at the sleeves of her shirts. 
“You have a tattoo on your other arm?” Castro enquired.
“Answer the question please,” she said through gritted teeth.
“What does this one say?”
“Why are you so obsessed with my tattoos?”
“Obsessed? Don’t flatter yourself too much there, Ms Stewart. I’m just curious. I don’t know many women who have seven tattoos.”
You clearly don’t get out much, Carrie thought. Probably best not to say that one out loud. Desperate to get back on topic, although she doubted any answers would magically appear as a result, Carrie pulled up her other sleeve. 
“It’s from ‘The History Boys’,” Carrie said sharply before Castro could ask. 
“‘Take it, feel it, and pass it on.’ I think I prefer this one to the Bowie quote. Much more meaningful.”
“Mr Castro, I didn’t just get random words tattooed onto me because they were pretty. They’re all meaningful to me. The Speaker of the City Council said of the teacher’s strike that…”
“What other quotes do you have tattooed?”
“Are you going to answer any of my questions or did you allow this interview solely for shits and giggles?”
“Ms Stewart, the issue that you are so insistent on beating into the ground has been resolved already. For you to continue to drag it out is a waste of both of our times. I understand that your time in the press conference brought you some level of acclaim but nobody likes to see someone clinging to such scraps so desperately. If you move onto your next question, I shall be happy to answer it.” 
Carrie’s fingernails dug into the cushions of the couch. She couldn’t afford to lose this interview. Raul would kill her. The List needed this. Her love of her job and her magazine kept her from doing anything too rash. The condescending wanker could be torn apart through the written word and not by her own hands. She slowly removed her fingers from the couch, picked up her notebook and moved on.
“You’ve only been the Mayor’s deputy press secretary for less than fourteen months,” she said, struggling to retain a calm tone of voice. “In that time, you’ve garnered a lot of attention, mostly for your looks and charm. Indeed, some have questioned that you don’t have the substance to back up the style.” 
“I doubt the Mayor would have hired me if I didn’t have the required skills,” he replied smoothly, smoothing down a fly black hair from his perfectly gelled down styling. “I’ve worked for several high profile election campaigns with a strong success rate and come with many years of experience outside of the political bubble.”
“How do you, as a Harvard graduate and son of a former Congressman who’s never had a job outside of politics define the ‘political bubble’, Mr Castro?” 
“My family were involved in politics, yes, but they also worked in entirely different professions. I think this is very important for politics, to have that sort of diversity.”
“Why did you go into politics, Mr Castro?”
Castro laughed again. Carrie still had no idea what was so funny. 
“That’s a loaded question, Ms Stewart,” he replied before pausing to give it real thought. It was the simplest question any journalist could ask of a politician and yet it was one they seemed to struggle the most with. “I think that if you see injustice or inequality in the world, you should never just point it out and demand change, you should try and be the change. This is a position where I can make real change and truly fight injustice and inequality. It may be a little old-fashioned but I truly believe in the system.”
“Your boss’s fight against injustice and inequality has seen the city’s finances flat-line and unemployment reach its highest level in several generations.”
“Well, we were left quite a mess to clear up. It won’t happen overnight.”
Not that tired old excuse again, Carrie thought, suppressing a groan. She was never going to get any truly revealing answers out of this man. She wondered if he even had the capacity to tell the truth any more. He’d been groomed by PR men to within an inch of his life. He was the heir in waiting for the city’s Republicans and he had no intention of letting that opportunity slip him by, that much was clear to Carrie. She was bored of this game.
“Final question.”
“So soon?” He asked innocently. 
“Are you interested in the position of head press secretary?”
“I fully support the Mr Crichton in his capacity and am dedicated to my own current position.”
“Didn’t really answer my question, did it?”
“But there it is, Ms Stewart.”
“What about becoming Mayor one day?”
“That was two questions, not one.”
“Think of it as a natural extension of the final question, Mr Castro.”
“My mind is focused on what we in the present can do to make the future a better place for the hard working people of New York.”
“Thank you, Mr Castro, I’m done.”
“It was a pleasure, Ms Stewart.”
Carrie quickly packed up her things, keeping her head down to avoid Castro’s gaze. He didn’t move from his chair until she had packed away everything, and then proceeded to fetch her coat.
“Thank you for coming out here today, Ms Stewart. I can call you a cab if you so wish.”
“Thanks but I’d rather walk,” Carrie murmured, desperate to get to a bar or to the archery range. She needed to fire out her frustration in a relatively healthy manner. 
Castro helped her to put on her blazer, taking a little longer than necessary. Carrie turned to thank him once again, only to find herself much closer to him than intended. His hands somehow found their way to Carrie’s waist, with one of his thumbs rubbing small circles on her hipbone through the fabric of her pants. He looked down at her, towering over her by at least a head, and smiled, this one not so much smug as strangely content. As one hand crept up her side, the other gently grasped her left hand and pulled her closer. Carrie could feel his body heat, smell his musky aftershave. 
“Carrie,” he whispered, slowly moving his lips towards hers, and suddenly Carrie’s senses awoke and she realised what the hell was going on. Without further hesitation, she forced her knee into his crotch. His hand flew down to his groin as he crumpled to his knees, wincing in pain.
“Fuck you!” Carrie yelled, grabbing her bag and storming out of Castro’s house. Playtime was over, potential arrests be damned. She needed a drink as quickly as humanly possible. 
Chapter 4.
After numerous hours of self-editing, fuelled by a mixture of anger, passion and blueberry flavored energy drinks, Carrie finally managed to produce a draft of her Castro interview that Raul found suitable to print. It involved removing any references to Castro being a ‘scum sucking dick-nipple’ or her having kneed him in the crotch, but it all became worth it once she saw the mock-up of the cover with her name slap bang in the middle. Sure, she had to share the page with that man’s smirking face – apparently this model only came with four or five programmed facial expressions – but that didn’t matter too much. She had immediately e-mailed a copy of the cover to her mom and step-dad, with strict instructions to not forward it to everyone they knew as they were prone to do with her writings. 
It was neither a rage fuelled polemic nor a hit-job on Castro. Unfortunately, due to lack of real material, Carrie had been forced to take the lightweight route full of padding of previous quotes and pundit commentary on Castro’s future. It wasn’t a piece she intended to treasure as one of her best but it would sell well and keep The List in the city council’s thoughts for a little while longer.
Upon returning to her apartment after a night at the archery range, Carrie found a large flat parcel wrapped in brown paper sitting by her door. She managed to juggle her rucksack, bow and arrow and the parcel as she opened the door and stumbled into the landing in time to hear the phone ring. Dumping her stuff at her feet, she grabbed the phone.
“Hello?”
“I go away for a week and a half and all of a sudden you’re the new David Frost?” 
“And good evening to you too, Miss Lane,” Carrie laughed. “I trust Spain was good to you?”
“No way are you wriggling out of spilling every single detail about GQ boy, Stewart!”
Carrie couldn’t help but laugh at her friend’s reaction to this all. It was so inimitably Lucy to want to know all the juicy secrets like this. It was a trait that had served her well at The List, although it occasionally drove Raul nuts.
“Honestly, I just get in from a much needed night at the range and I’m suddenly facing the Spanish inquisition without so much as a ‘hello’ or a ‘how are you’. Can you give me a bit of time to breathe?” 
“Breathing’s for the weak,” Lucy said, her voice practically buzzing with energy. “I want dirt. Raul seemed a little exasperated when I asked him about it all. How many edits did your interview go through?”
“Quite a few,” Carrie admitted as she tried to take off her battered shoes with one hand. “My creative swearing was commended but ultimately omitted from the piece, which I thought was a real shame.”
“And what about the pieces you didn’t even include in the drafts?”
“What on earth could you mean, Ms Lane?” Carrie asked, feigning innocence. 
“You mistake me for someone who’s never read your blog posts. You have no brain to mouth filter sometimes. What’s he really like? Is he really as charming as the final piece says he is? That doesn’t sound like you at all.”
“Thanks. He is charming, it’s hard to deny. Doesn’t mean I’d trust him as far as I could throw him, though. He’s just…” She searched for the right words that wouldn’t be too libellous. “He’s so entirely sure of himself in everything he does. He knows exactly what he wants and doesn’t see any type of obstacle as a challenge. I think he sees them more as silly little distractions to be conquered.”
“Sounds like a politician through and through. I guess when your dad’s a former Congressman, you pick that shit up from a young age.”
Carrie murmured in agreement. She went back into the hall to pick up the parcel she’d dropped at her feet as she’d come home. It didn’t have a postmark or return address on it, only her full name written neatly in capital letters in black marker. After the past few weeks of particularly vile Twitter trolling she’d had to put up with, she was a little on edge when it came to anonymous messages of any kind. She cautiously placed the parcel on her kitchen table and backed away, almost forgetting the voice on the end of the phone she was holding in her other hand. 
“Carrie!” Lucy exclaimed. “Don’t fall asleep on me here.”
“Sorry Lou, I’m just… Someone left this parcel on my door earlier. No postmark, no names or notes, just my name on it. I’m a bit freaked out.”
“Oh fuck. Want me to call someone about it?”
“No, I don’t think it’s a bomb or anything. It’s too thin for that.”
“I can be there in about half an hour, just hang on and I’ll come right over.”
“No, don’t do that. I’m probably just overreacting. I would like it if you stayed on the line while I opened it if that’s okay.”
“Of course, sweetie.  Just be careful, okay?”
“Careful is my middle name,” Carrie replied, hoping the cheesy joke would alleviate her growing unease. She put the phone down, making sure Carrie was on speaker, and then carefully pulled at the very securely taped edges of the parcel. After taking a deep breath, she pulled back the paper and revealed a plain cardboard vinyl cover. Vinyl? Someone was sending her records? She bent the top corner of the cover back just enough to reveal what was underneath. She’d seen this before. It couldn’t be, could it? 
“Did you buy me any vinyl?” Carrie asked Carrie. 
“Not that I know of. What is it?”
Indeed, Carrie was right. She removed the album from the cover and found an old favorite staring back at her, something she’d owned several copies of throughout the years.
“It’s Ziggy Stardust!” Carrie said, openly laughing with relief. All that panic over nothing!
“Someone bought you a Bowie album?” Lucy asked with a hint of suspicion. “Sounds like a keeper. Are you hiding an admirer from me as well as all your journalistic secrets, Stewart?”
“Hardly. This is my favorite album of all time. I’ve always wanted it on vinyl. I’ll need to get my mom to send my record player down…” Carrie became silent as she flipped over the record and noticed something on the back of the sleeve. “1972. Wasn’t that the year this was released?”
“You’re the Bowie freak, not me.”
“I’m sure it was. This can’t be an original pressing, I hate to think how much that would cost and…. oh fuck. Oh fuck!”
“Oh fuck what? I’m on a phone, remember?”
“It’s signed!” 
“Fuck off!”
“It’s a signed original pressing of the greatest album ever recorded and it’s sitting on my filthy kitchen table!” Carrie’s eyes widened with disbelief as she stared at her new found prized possession. Such things certainly did not come cheap and nobody she knew had the money to shell out for something like this just for her. 
“Wow, if only all anonymous messages were that cool. Are you sure there’s no note with it inside or something?” 
Carrie gently opened up the sleeve, now terrified to touch the album for fear of it crumbling in her fingers, and found a piece of white card, covered in the same black marker capital letters as the parcel paper. It read ‘It lingers, then you forget.’ All of a sudden, Carrie knew who the parcel was from.
“Shit,” she sighed. “Castro.”
“Castro? As in Marcus Castro? Oh, Carrie!” Lucy made a sound that came precariously close to squealing. 
“Please don’t start that crap, Lane. I can’t keep this now.”
“Why not? And can you please tell me why the Mayor’s pretty boy is buying you Bowie collectibles? What did you do to earn his attention?”
“He tried it on with me and I kneed him in the balls,” Carrie admitted. Lucy laughed as hard as expected at that revelation. It took her quite a while to calm down and ask for further information. 
“Remind me to try that one with the next guy I see who tries it on with me,” Lucy joked. 
“What, does ‘I’m a lesbian’ not usually send them running?”
“You’d think so but there are far too many jerks out there who see that as a challenge. So you lessen Castro’s chances of reproducing and all of a sudden he’s giving into your fangirl whims? How did he know about your Bowie love anyway? Are you sure it’s from him?”
“He saw my tattoo and now I’m getting expensive gifts that come with a note completing the quote on my arm. It’s from him. The fucker. “
“Well, that’s a new one. Doesn’t mean you can’t keep it though.”
“Yes it does. The scum sucker probably thinks he can buy me off or something like that. I’m not some trophy wife who can be sated with expensive presents. Who the hell does he think he is? I can’t believe he’d taint Bowie like this.” 
“Fair enough. If there’s no return address on the paper then how are you going to return it? Got a contact number?”
“Nope. Could try his office e-mail, but I doubt he’s the one reading those. I wonder if I can remember his address so I can return it in person and possibly introduce him to my other knee.” 
“Oh, please tell me you’ve checked your own e-mails recently!” Carrie said excitedly.
“I’ve only just got home. What’s happening?”
“A new assignment from Raul. Do you own anything sexy?”
“Excuse me?”
“Well I doubt the Mayor’s latest fundraising ball will let you in if you’re wearing your archery gear. By the looks of the guest list, you may get that chance to return Mr Castro’s present in person.”
Chapter 5.
Carrie had done many things in her life that had left her feeling terrified – her first tattoo, bungee-jumping for charity, joining in an LGBT protest in Moscow and being faced with a pro-Putin group, the first time she’d submitted an article for professional publication – but all such instances paled to the sinking feeling of dread she experienced as she awkwardly walked into the Mayor’s latest fundraising ball, clutching onto Carrie’s arm for emotional and physical support. The combination of towering red heels – of course they were red – long sleeved but surprisingly low cut v-neck black dress, and stupidly complicated hairstyle, courtesy of Lucy, left her feeling like a walking target. While Raul had insisted that nobody would recognise either of them, Carrie felt no comfort in that statement. 
The sounds of satisfied laughter, clinking champagne glasses and entirely out-of-place punk music – surely that was ironic, Lucy asked – made the hairs on Carrie’s arms stand on end. The majority of people here were people who had never had to struggle to earn their lot in life. She knew she shouldn’t make such stereotypes, and to do so made her seem bitter or jealous, but she couldn’t help it. These were the people that, if history continued to repeat itself, would end up running the country one day, and to hear their brays of pride over economic decisions that were crippling the country made her skin crawl. 
Of course, the main cause of her disgust had yet to be seen. 
“Remind me as to what our game plan is here,” Carrie muttered to Lucy, determined to do everything in her power to remain as inconspicuous as possible. 
“Just relax, blend in and memorize anything article worthy,” Lucy replied, seemingly so calm and collected that Carrie swore she fit right in with this detestable bunch. That was cause for concern. Lucy was a natural chameleon. She could switch from harried reporter to sleek and polished party goer in the blink of an eye. Such skills served her well in her journalism work on the ground, often requiring her to go undercover. Her hair had been cut and dyed in every color and style possible and now sat shoulder length with auburn tones. 
“Relax? Really?”
“It’s city politics, Carrie. A place where the stakes are so low that it brings out the dick in everyone.”
“This isn’t politics, this is networking.”
“So is the Democratic one. It’s pretty universal across the board. The big difference here is that the people in this room really are the future of their party.”
“I’m so glad. If there’s one group of people who have really suffered under years of oppression, it’s Wall Street bankers.”
“Careful there, Stewart, your dripping sarcasm’s leaving a pool on the floor. Just take a deep breath and get stuck in. I’ll make an investigative journalist of you yet.”
“After my attempts at interviewing, I’m tempted just to brick myself up in my apartment and remain a solo columnist.”
“That reminds me. What signal should I use if I see Mr Castro? A knee-jerk of some sort?” 
“I need a drink.”
“I need to pee. Go get a drink and try not to injure yourself.”
As Lucy tottered off to the bathroom, Carrie made her way towards the extravagantly laid out buffet table that stretched from one end of the room to the other. If she had to be here then she would at least eat well at their expense, even if she wasn’t entirely sure of what each dish was. She mentally kicked herself for not bringing a handbag big enough to sneak a bottle or two of Bollinger back home with her. 
The mystery finger food tasted delicious, a definite improvement from her usual nightly noodles and fridge-leftovers concoctions. She wished she could just go home. Lucy was a far better choice for these assignments, and had done many of them before on her own without any troubles. Carrie was too nervous and way too hot-headed for such instances, as her interview with Castro had proven. Fortunately Raul had not asked to hear the recordings, and luckily the proof of sexual harassment had not been captured in audio form. She didn’t want to risk eavesdropping in on yet another conversation on the apparent amazingness of the free market for fear of getting into a fist fight. Maybe she could just grab some nibbles and booze and go hide in a corner somewhere. 
Carrie shoved some finger food onto a plate and manoeuvred through the well-dressed crowd, finding a couch in the less crowded landing area to rest. The shoes, on loan from Lucy, quickly came off and Carrie toyed with the idea of letting her hair down. Lucy had spent almost half the afternoon trying to tame it into some strange beehive and plait combination with an assortment of pins and bands, but it instead of making Carrie feel glamorous, it just tugged painfully at her scalp. Carrie wouldn’t mind if she let one of the braids down, surely? She tugged experimentally at one of the braids circling her head, too distracted to notice a familiar figure approach her.
“Mr Rodriquez seems to take a lot of pleasure in sending you into the lion’s den, Ms Stewart.”
Carrie almost choked on a filo pastry shell with surprise. Typical, she thought. She tried to cough quietly into a napkin to clear her throat but such a task proved more difficult than previously thought. 
“Why is it that I can never seem to get away from you, Mr Castro?” Carrie asked, weariness in her void. 
“With all due respect, Ms Stewart, you’re the one that keeps turning up to wherever I happen to be. I wouldn’t have guessed that this was your preferred type of social gathering, but maybe I’m wrong. Are you more of a champagne socialist, Ms Stewart?” 
“How are your testicles, Mr Castro?” 
Carrie was glad that admittedly petty remark had silenced Castro, if only for a few seconds. Somehow, Castro’s choice of attire for the evening, a traditional tuxedo and black bow-tie with slicked back black hair, made him seem even more irritating than usual. 
“I do feel that I owe you an apology for that, Ms Stewart,” Castro began, a slight falter in his tone. Well, Carrie thought, that was new. “My actions were inappropriate and I regret them.”
“Do you ever speak like a normal person and not a press conference in waiting?”
“I’m sorry, Ms Stewart, for my actions. If there is anything I can do to make it up to you then please say so.”
“You could always answer my question on the union negotiations and Councilman Merrygold.”
“How very boring of you.”
“There is something you could do,” Carrie said, standing up. “The record you sent me…”
“I’m glad you received it.”
“Take it back.”
“It’s a gift, Ms Stewart. Think of it as an extension of my apology for my behaviour.” 
“Take it back,” Carrie repeated, with more emphasis. “I don’t want your charity. You can’t buy me off with expensive gifts like I’m one of your campaign donors.”
“Why must there be some sort of hidden intent behind a simple gift? Are you this suspicious with everybody?”
“Do you even listen to yourself when you talk? You’re a politician. You don’t do straightforward and honest.”
“And you’re a journalist, ergo you don’t do non-agenda. Isn’t stereotyping and making assumptions fun?”
Carrie usually found the constant bombardment of questions to be the most effective way to get answers out of people, since it could irritate the recipient into wielding if nothing else, but being on the receiving end was an entirely different experience. Indeed, it proved to be as annoying as she thought it would. She picked up her heels and began to walk away, with Castro following closely behind, much to her dismay. 
“You can’t just buy someone you barely know who also came close to rendering you infertile a rare and expensive gift like that without some sort of intent behind it. Besides, I don’t particularly enjoy watching playboys casually throw money around just to show off to others that they can. You may find this hard to believe, Mr Castro, but the rest of the world doesn’t revolve around you and your party, and the sooner you…”
“Vonnegut!” Castro exclaimed, interrupting her rant, which brought her to a halt.
“What?”
“My apologies for interrupting you there, although I really wasn’t listening. But I just figured out where I recognised your third tattoo from. ‘Slaughterhouse Five’, if I’m not mistaken, yes?” 
Carrie’s eyes fell down to her left foot, where, clearly visible through her sheer tights, where the words ‘So it goes’. That had been her first tattoo, a present to congratulate herself after receiving her offer to college. As the years passed, the fear of the pain subsided and the desire for longer phrases grew, and Carrie became determined to decorate her body with her philosophies. The first one, though, would always remain her favorite. She slipped the shoes back on, thus obscuring the tattoo from Castro’s sight. She suddenly felt very aware that the first word or two of another of her tattoos was visible on her neck, but hoped that Castro wouldn’t notice.
“Always preferred ‘Cat’s Cradle’ myself, but it’s an excellent choice of quote,” Castro said. “Simple but it says it all.”
“You really are obsessed with my tattoos, aren’t you, Mr Castro?” Carrie said with a sigh. She was sick of this and just wanted to go home. What did this man want from her? She’d never had such a difficult time trying to read someone before Castro. Figuring out people was supposed to be a key part of her job, and yet she utterly failed to understand the handsome jerk from whom she couldn’t escape and who wouldn’t stop smiling.
“Well, that’s three of them I’ve seen now. Bowie, Bennett and Vonnegut. You have excellent taste in other areas to make up for your utter lack of it in politics.”
“How charming. If you’ll excuse me, I have to go now. I’ll send the record back to your office.”
“I really am sorry about everything, Carrie.”
“You have not earned the right to call me Carrie, Mr Castro,” Carrie snapped, turning on her heels and walking away as fast as Carrie’s damn shoes would allow.
“Ms Stewart, please listen to me,” Castro called out. It was the word ‘please’ that made Carrie stop, or rather the way he said it. Men like Castro didn’t plead for anything, much less the attentions of people like Carrie. They certainly didn’t do so in a public place with such genuine strain in their voices. She slowly turned to face him and her eyes met with his. He looked so young, much too baby-faced for 33. Carrie sighed and turned around. She knew she was most likely being played for a fool and falling for it. 
“What is it, Mr Castro?” 
“I have a… a proposition of sorts that I’d like to discuss with you. It’d be preferable if we discuss it privately, of course, so please take my number.” Castro produced a folded piece of paper from his inner jacket pocket and held it out towards Carrie. After a few moments of thought, Carrie surprised herself by reaching out to take it. Castro’s fingers stretched out to brush against hers, and she didn’t pull away. 
“I’ll think about it,” Carrie murmured, barely audible, before making her way back into the party. She was glad he decided not to follow her. She had a job to do. 
Back in the party, the free champagne had clearly been taken advantage of and the volume in the ballroom had reached raucous levels. Unable to find Lucy anywhere – hopefully she was securing the scoop of the century – Carrie decided if she couldn’t beat them tonight then she might as well join them. Maybe she’d get to witness one of the infamous riots the society was so well known for. She patted her handbag, making sure her camera was still there. Perfect, now all she needed was a drink. Luckily, as if on cue, a tuxedoed young man around her age tapped her on the shoulder, a tall glass of champagne in his other hand.
“You can’t have an empty glass before the speeches,” he said. Carrie couldn’t argue with that.
“Now this is hospitality,” Carrie replied, taking a large gulp. “Thank you.” 
“My pleasure, miss. What’s your name?” 
Carrie disguised her pause with another gulp. Raul and Carrie had reminded her several times to never use her real name when out on assignments like this. It was only common sense but the reminder was handy. 
“Isabella May,” she said. Not the best fake name but it felt oddly suited to the occasion. She shook hands with the well-dressed stranger, feeling oddly matronly in comparison. It hadn’t been that long since she’d graduated from college, but being in this crowd made her feel like an infant.
“It’s so good to see new faces here,” the stranger replied. The tuxedo, coupled with his barely broken voice and lanky frame, made him seem like a little boy playing dress-up rather than a hot-shot politico. “I haven’t seen you at any of our events before. What inspired you to join us here?”
“I’m always up for trying new things,” Carrie said, not entirely lying. This had certainly been an experience she could cross off her bucket list. “I don’t really do parties and such but thought it was time to change all that, and what better occasion to do so than here?”
“That’s always good to hear. I hope you’ll be joining us tonight for the speech from Marcus Castro.”
“Oh believe me; I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Carrie hoped the drink hadn’t weakened her sarcasm barriers. She made small chit-chat with the tuxedoed man – nothing too revealing and sadly lacking in scandal – and quickly finished her drink. She’d always been quite a lightweight when it came to alcohol, and maybe it was just this particular brand of champagne, but that one glass had immediately gone to her head. The boisterousness of the room turned to a constant buzz that was almost hypnotic. 
“Excuse me, I need to go get some air,” Carrie said, unsure if she was yelling or whispering. She came precariously close to stumbling over her heels, but was grabbed just in time by the tuxedoed stranger. She didn’t protest as he guided her towards the hallway. Her vision blurred further and her limbs felt as heavy as lead. This wasn’t right, she thought. She shouldn’t be this wasted after one bloody drink. What had that baby-faced little shit done to her? 
Pushed against a wall in a darkened landing, Carrie tried to find the strength to fight back as the man’s hands crept up her thighs and under her dress. She fought with every ounce of energy she still possessed to stay conscious but her weak attempts to fight the stranger off proved futile.
“Get off me,” she slurred, trying to force his face away from the crook of her neck.
“Was ‘Isabella May’ really the best you could come up with, Carrie Stewart?” He said with a sneer. “Your lot must really think that we’re stupid or something.”
“Get off me, please!” 
Carrie’s plea went ignored as she sank deeper into unconsciousness. Not this, she thought, anything but this. The complete loss of power was her worst nightmare. Having no control over her own body terrified her. She needed to stay awake, to scream for help, anything. 
As she sank into oblivion, she felt the pressure of the heavy body against hers disappear, and a familiar voice cursing as she fell to the floor. 
Chapter 6. 
It took Carrie a few minutes, through the throbbing pain of her headache, to realise that she wasn’t lying in her own bed. The bed’s size far exceeded that of her own and the pillows much softer. The fogginess in her vision slowly faded and her mind flashed back to the events of the previous night. Frantically, she threw the blankets off her body and sat up with a jolt, relieved to find that she was still wearing the dress and tights from the party, with her shoes sat on the bedside table to her right. On a nearby chair lay her jacket and handbag. She looked around the room, huge in size but clinical in design. It felt more like a showroom than a bedroom, barely lived in and packed full of magnolia curtains and assembly line furniture. Wherever she was, and now was not the time to play guessing games, she needed to leave as soon as possible and get to the police. 
A knock at the door made her freeze with fear, and she wondered if jumping out the window was a suitable escape plan. After a few moments of silence, the knocking started again.
“Ms Stewart? Are you awake?” 
“You have got to be fucking kidding me!” Carrie yelled. This fucker really was stalking her. 
“Are you decent?” Castro asked.
“Why are you here and why am I here?” 
“May I please come in?”
“Fuck off!”
“Ms Stewart, I give you my word that you’re not in any danger.”
“What happened last night?”
“Can we please continue this conversation in the same room at least?”
Carrie ran her fingers through her hair. The braids and pins had been undone. Had she done that or, shudder to think, had Castro? This mess had entered soap opera proportions so she may as well get these latest shenanigans out of the way.
“Sure, why not?” 
Castro entered, carrying a glass of water and what looked like a small box of painkillers. Okay, for that she was definitely grateful. She accepted the much needed pain relief with a curt nod and took two pills without the water. She didn’t quite feel ready to converse with Castro, so took the glass anyway and slowly sipped at the refreshing liquid. Castro perched himself upon the side of the bed, hands edging closer to Carrie’s covered legs. 
“How are you feeling?” He asked.
Carrie shrugged. “I find my mornings are vastly improved when date-rape drugs aren’t involved.” 
“I’m so glad I came upon you and Mr Percy when I did. I hate to think what could have happened if I hadn’t been there.”
Carrie muttered before taking another sip. Of course she was grateful but she wasn’t about to admit that. Something told her that the man had a bit of a god complex as it was without her contributing to it. 
“What’s Mr Percy’s full name? I’ll need you to act as a witness for me.”
“Don’t worry about that right now, Carrie. Mr Percy has been dealt with.”
“Bullshit.”
“Unfortunately for him, the New York City’s Young Republicans’ vice-chairman had acquired quite a collection of class A drugs that evening, all of which the police confiscated once they charged him with possession.”
“I don’t care. I want him to be held accountable for what he tried to do to me.”
“Carrie, even if he doesn’t get time for possession, and given his family’s ability to pay any fine he could possibly receive, I seriously doubt he will, his name has been tainted amongst those he seeks to impress the most. I’ve made sure that he’ll never get anywhere in politics.”
“Do you want a fucking medal or something? I don’t care! He drugged me and tried to…”
“Carrie, please…”
“You do not get to call me ‘Carrie’, you asshole!” 
Carrie’s voice strained as she struggled to hold back tears. The stale taste in her mouth indicated she had vomited at some point during the night, and her body felt weighed down with fatigue. She knew the odds would never be in her favor in regards to a prosecution, but that wasn’t the point. The guilty deserved to be brought to justice publicly. Castro’s talk of the drugging bastard being ‘dealt with’ reeked of the kind of political cronyism she was so opposed to. Why on earth should she trust the man who just wouldn’t leave her alone? Why was he always there and why the hell was he determined to get to know her?
“Ca… Ms Stewart,” Castro said, quickly correcting himself. “You didn’t deserve what he did to you, and I’m only sorry I couldn’t have been there to stop him from drugging you…”
“You’re not my keeper.”
“But please believe me when I say that Percy will be punished in a manner that will make him truly suffer. Are you okay?”
Carrie didn’t answer. She didn’t trust herself not to smack him across the face. 
“Well, that’s that then. You are free to use the shower in the ensuite if you wish. There are towels and spare wash items in the closet. Then, I’ll cook breakfast and perhaps we can discuss the proposition I mentioned last night.”
“No, let’s discuss that now. You’re oh so keen to have my attention all to yourself, so go ahead. I’m all ears, Mr Castro.”
Castro suppressed a smile. 
“Are you sure you wouldn’t prefer to continue this discussion downstairs?”
“Nope, I’m perfectly happy here. Get on with it. This is clearly where you want me so let’s just have the talk here.”
“Ms Stewart, are you aware of what you do to me? The power you have over me?”
Carrie’s brow furrowed. He wanted to fuck her; that much had been obvious for a while. However, there was something not quite right about the way Castro pursued her. Most normal men would have given up somewhere around the battered testicles incident, yet he only seemed more eager, and even a little bit desperate. Dare she say it, he seemed genuinely concerned for her. That unnerved her more than anything else. 
“I don’t get you at all,” Carrie admitted. “What do you want with me?”
“I really should stay away from you.”
“Okay then, bye bye.”
“If only it were that simple, Ms Stewart.” Castro ran a hand through his hair and edged a little closer to Carrie. “I don’t think you’re aware of your own allure.”
“Has this routine ever worked on a woman?” 
“I don’t like to blow my own horn, but most women don’t tend to react to me the way that you have.”
“With active repulsion? You should get out more. Try an active volcano.” 
“See, I don’t think you are repulsed by me. I think you enjoy our verbal sparring. I can see it in your lovely eyes.”
Carrie couldn’t believe the nerve of this man. He really was a spoiled man-child always wanting what he couldn’t have. How tough it must be to lead a life where one is never denied anything. She’d seen his rise to power documented in fawning profiles; it had been sickeningly effortless, the antithesis of how democracy was supposed to work. Despite his claims, Castro really did repulse her. 
And yet…
“So what is it you want, Mr Castro?” Carrie whispered, as Castro’s lips edged closer to hers. 
“You,” he whispered back. 
Before Castro could kiss her, Carrie’s hand flew up and grasped his chin tightly, painfully pushing his face backwards. Her fingernails scraped against his stubble, and she dug them in further as he dared to look puzzled by her actions.
“You really are terrible at this,” Carrie laughed. “Did you honestly look at me and think ‘Yeah, there’s a woman dying to fall into my arms and surrender’? Or are you just so bored of city council problems that you thought it would be fun to start up a new project? I do not give myself to men like you. On the contrary…”
“Yes?”
Carrie’s mind filled with memories from the years: her first nights in the big city after an adolescence stuck in the same small town with the same faces; drunken fumbles with student hall neighbors, friends dragging her along to dark clubs with passwords and masks and a strict secrecy policy; the discovery of new hobbies and a growing collection of toys in a box in her closet. She knew how good she was at control, but she also knew the importance of keeping personal and business separate. 
And yet…
“Ms Stewart,” Castro said, wincing under Carrie’s grip. “We can come to some sort of arrangement. I believe we’d make an excellent match.”
“I bet you do.”
“Of course, there will need to be boundaries.”
“Of course.”
“I hope you understand that this can only ever be purely physical. No intimacy or romance.”
“I’m heartbroken.”
“Does that suit you?”
“Perfectly.”
Castro’s hands – soft, well maintained, clearly used to delicate office work – glided across her tattooed forearms. One hand followed the neckline of her dress and crept around her neck. He swept her messy hair to one side, coaxing her head to the side as he did so, gazing at her neck in an almost primal fashion. 
“‘You may…’” he said, reading the typewriter style script that adorned her neck, just below her hairline. “Now what does the rest of that sentence say and how far down does it go?”
“Nice try, Mr Castro, but not today.”
“Oh, you’d do well to obey me, Ms Stewart.”
“Oh really?”
“Yes. However, it would be quite the bang to begin our agreement with, to have to punish you for being such a naughty girl.”
	Naughty girl? Really?
That was it. She’d had enough. 
Mustering all her strength, Carrie pushed Castro down and over her knee, holding his hands together while he squirmed on top of her lap. He struggled as she managed to loop his blue tie around his wrists and secure them tightly. All those hours of archery practice had given her upper arm strength to die for, and she intended to put it to good use. As she manoeuvred to a more comfortable position, Castro wriggled in an attempt to do the same, but Carrie’s surprisingly strong hold pushed him down as she expertly undid the zip on his pants and pulled them down just enough to expose his ass. It had been a while since she’d done something like this, but she couldn’t think of a better person to do it to than the squirming man on top of her, whose face was turning a rather peculiar shade of crimson. 
“Are you…” he started to speak, but Carrie was not in the mood for it. 
He heard the sharp smack of flesh against flesh before he felt the stinging heat engulf the skin of his arse. Before Castro could even react to the smack, Carrie brought her hand down again, on the same increasingly reddening spot, eliciting a gasp from the man. 
“Carrie…” 
The mention of her name earned Castro yet another succession of smacks. With each smack, Castro’s skin grew hotter and his cries more pained. As his erection grew harder against her thighs, her strength suddenly increased tenfold, and her hand struck his arse over and over again until spasms of pain took over his legs. 
“Please…” he pleaded, although he couldn’t seem to find the words to finish that statement. Castro tried to squirm against her to find some much needed friction for his aching hard-on, but Carrie’s other hand kept him firmly in place. Carrie continued her onslaught, even as the pain in her hand became tough to handle. Castro’s ragged breathing turned to gentle sobs, and she decided that she’d had enough. 
With a final smack, she stopped and rolled the panting Castro from her lap. He lay in front of her on the bed, arms painfully secure behind his back with tears streaming down his face. The previously pale skin on his arse was now decorated with painful red swelling. Carrie’s hand had taken on a similar shade and still buzzed from the sensation of the smacks. As she pushed back a stray hair, she got up from the bed and prepared to leave, watching Castro desperately try to relieve his hard-on against the bed-sheets. 
She’d enjoyed that. It had been a while since she’d had a man squirming and begging for attention as she brought about that mixture of pain and pleasure she found so irresistible. After what felt like an age of infuriation at the hands of that smug, ever smiling model friendly politico, it felt indescribably good to see him now, reduced to a red faced fluffy haired mess frantically trying to get off against the bed-sheets. Nothing could beat that surge of power, although the throbbing between her legs crying out for attention came rather close. 
She stepped towards the door, ready to leave Castro lying there, bound and begging, when she decided to take a huge risk. 
“I can’t believe I’m doing this but why not?” She said aloud to nobody in particular. She tore a page from one of her notebooks and wrote her phone number on it. This could only end messily and shamefully for the pair of them, that much was evident, but perhaps this proposition could prove beneficial to her. Leaving the note on the bed close to Castro’s head, she leaned down to meet his watery eyed gaze.
“Impress me, Mr Castro. I’ll send the record back to this address.”
With that, she left him on the bed. He would have to free himself because she had other things to do.
Chapter 7.
The offices of The List were uncharacteristically rambunctious, although nobody seemed to be doing any work. While the staff usually gathered together to watch press conferences, complete with popcorn and filthy chanting, the Mayor’s state visit to India had left them searching for new group viewing material. 
Unfortunately for Carrie, they had settled on baseball. While Carrie certainly enjoyed sports, she couldn’t find it in herself to accept baseball as anything less than mind-crushingly dull. Of course, this had led to many interesting office arguments, including with Lucy, who sat in the middle of the group and cheered along with the action. It took her at least five minutes before she even noticed Carrie’s arrival.
“Where have you been?” Lucy yelled, her exclamation eerily reminiscent of Carrie’s mother. “I spent ages wandering around that rich boy ball looking for you after you ditched me, and you didn’t even have the courtesy to fill me in when you sent your notes over!”
“Move the chit-chat to another room, please,” Raul said, pushing Carrie out of the circle of spectators. “Oh come on, what the fuck was that?” 
“It’s still not a fun sport!” Carrie called out, enjoying the booing her comment elicited a little too much. Lucy dragged her into the landing.
“What happened?” Lucy asked. “You missed the best bit of the evening!”
“I good food poisoning from some of those fancy finger foods and had to recuperate at home for a day or two,” Carrie replied. The lie fell so easily from her mouth that she surprised herself. However, she knew it would be for the best for both of them if she didn’t reveal the truth about her situation with Mr Castro. She never felt the need to tell her best friend everything and their friendship never demanded such things. 
“So much for the finer things in life, eh?” Lucy laughed. “Not to poke fun at what I’m sure was a horrible experience for you, honey. I’m just sad you missed the drug raid.”
“So am I. what a great way to top off the article though. The Daily Show and Colbert Report combined couldn’t come up with an ending better than that.”
“Oh, it was beautiful. Screaming society ladies, canapés flying everywhere, and, I’m not kidding, someone screamed out ‘Oh heavens!’ I had to leave that bit out of the piece though. It sounded made up.”
“A smart move. Sorry I couldn’t be a better contributor to the piece.”
“No problem. Of course, this does mean that you owe me greatly. I was thinking I would take you up on your previous dinner offer.”
“If you must. I may even splash out on some wine for the occasion.”
“I can one-up you there. Thanks to the chaos of the police raid, I managed to get my hands on a bottle of Bollinger.”
“An excellent display of Robin Hood socialism there, my friend,” Carrie laughed. “Bring it over tomorrow night.”
“Will do. If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go yell at the TV for a little while longer.”
“Ugh, bring on next week.”
Rolling her eyes, Carrie headed back into the throng of screaming baseball fans. If the rest of the office insisted on wasting company time on such follies then perhaps Carrie could do the same. Her newest piece on irregularities in city-wide education funding wasn’t due for another few days and the archery range wasn’t too far away. She could use the upper body workout. 
As she packed up her laptop, her phone began buzzing in her pocket. She didn’t immediately recognise the number but had a reasonably good idea as to who was calling.
“Hello?”
“Hello there. Is this Carrie Stewart?”
“Is this Elizabeth Morgan, the special advisor to Marcus Castro?” Carrie asked mockingly.
“Um, indeed it is. It’s good to speak to you again,” Morgan replied, sounding a tad confused. It had been five days since she and Castro had last seen each other and she had been rather surprised by the lack of response since then. Of course, it had to be Castro that made the next move. Doing so through a third party – one who most likely kept a record of all of the deputy press secretary’s appointments – put him in the driving seat, and gave him control over the next step of their… she refused to call it a relationship. Their arrangement. 
“Likewise. I trust Mr Castro is well.”
“He is, and he wishes to arrange a private meeting with you regarding an arrangement you both had. He said you’d know what that meant.”
Carrie could practically hear the smirk in Morgan’s voice. She didn’t doubt the rest of Castro’s reasoning behind having one of his lackeys make the call. His office staff was probably having quite the gossip at her expense. If only they knew… 
“Yes, I know what he’s talking about. What dates are good for him?” 
“Mr Castro has already sent a driver over to the offices of The List to pick you up.”
“What?” 
How the hell did he know where she was? Actually, now that she thought about it, how had he known her home address to send the record there? How did he get hold of her private phone number? A shudder passed through her system. She couldn’t let her private life become a privilege of his. She was not his toy. 
“Is that okay, Ms Stewart?” Morgan asked a little too sweetly for Carrie’s liking. 
“Uh, yeah, yeah. It’s fine. Tell Mr Castro I’ll see him… whenever. Bye.”
Without bothering to wait for a reply, Carrie hung up. Great, she thought, another problem she had to deal with. 
The car arrived quickly, Carrie having made her exit without the rest of the office noticing, much to her relief. Castro’s driver, once again remaining silent through the journey, drove through the familiar sites of the city Carrie loved and dropped her off outside the majestic creation that was City Hall. The majestic creation, adorned with regal pillars and arched, screamed opulence, which Carrie found fitting considering the decisions that went on inside. 
She felt her stomach churn as she stared at the building. She highly doubted she could keep work and personal business separate if it all continued like this. Castro wanted her here, despite the obvious risks, despite the complete lack of privacy. She couldn’t think of a better way for him to display his power over her. How very clever of him. With her head held high and her knuckles white from gripping the strap of her rucksack, she strode into the building with as much confidence as she could muster. 
With surprising ease, and the help of an aide, she found herself in Castro’s office. His staff stared at her as if she had a target painted on her chest. More or less, she did, since the strap of her rucksack bore a blue donkey badge with the phrase “Hot Piece of Ass”. She wasn’t even a Democrat. She just liked the pun. 
One woman, who Carrie assumed to be Ms Morgan, stood from behind her desk with a welcoming smile. 
“Hello, Ms Stewart. Mr Castro’s in his office. Alone. Just knock and go straight in.”
“Thank you so much,” Carrie replied through gritted teeth. She ignored the mutterings behind her and walked straight into Castro’s office, knocking be damned. Castro didn’t even have the decency to look surprised as she entered the room. He simply looked up from his notes with that smile on his face. 
“It’s good to see you again, Ms Stewart,” he said, standing up from behind his desk. “I trust your journey was well?”
“Mr Castro, I know you think you’re a big boy with lots of responsibilities and power, but you do not go digging for my personal details again, do you hear me? You are not allowed anywhere near my apartment, nor are you allowed to track my details, okay?”   
Castro remained silent as he walked around the room, shutting the curtains and locking the door. 
“I’ve put together a rough draft of the details of our arrangement, Miss Stewart.” Castro signalled towards the large mahogany desk. “If you could look over them and check that everything is to your liking, I would appreciate it.”
Carrie looked over at the desk with a wry smile. 
“You actually drew up a document?” She asked.
“I’m a man of details, Ms Stewart. I like to be prerequisite of the facts before entering any kind of arrangement.”
“I am amazed you’ve ever successfully had a relationship with a woman.”
The doors were locked and the staff undoubtedly working away in the next room with a sly ear to the walls. His attempts to maintain control were almost quaint to her. This may have been his first time in this sort of situation but it certainly wasn’t hers. She stepped towards the desk and gently laid her hands on each side of the document. 
The details were relatively simple stuff, a vague but still relatively solid agreement on boundaries and the like. Typically for Mr Castro, the document read like a press release ready for the morning papers, with each detail described clinically and unemotionally. It amused Carrie greatly that his wonk sensibilities stretch this far but she somehow found reassurance amidst the fun and games. A document like this could also work out in her favor if things became a little too public. She could see the New York Post pun laden headlines already.
She felt Castro’s form loom over her as she leaned in closer to the paper. Behind her, Castro audibly swallowed a groan. This was far too easy, Carrie thought. Castro was a step away from begging at her feet like a dog. The prospect of such open displays of desperation from someone as privileged and reeking of power like Castro made her both excited and nauseous. 
“This seems mostly in order to me, Mr Castro,” Carrie said, keeping as casual a tone as she could manage whilst Castro slid his hands up her legs. He pulled the skirt of her crimson cotton dress above her waist, revealing her black cotton underwear. They weren’t her sexiest panties but from the sound of Castro’s hitching breath, he clearly didn’t mind. His thumb toyed with the edge of her panties, gently tugging them down just enough to expose her ass. Castro’s hands stroked her bare skin, determined to explore every inch he could reach. Carrie continued to read the papers, thinking of Castro’s soft, careful hands as nothing more than a slight distraction. 
“What does this one say?” Castro asked, as he tried to push Carrie’s dress up further to reveal another tattoo, located just above her hip-bone. Without even looking back at him, Carrie pulled her dress back down over her hip.
“I’m not sure keeping a regular schedule will work for us,” Carrie said, continuing talk of their arrangement. From the sound of Castro’s barely suppressed whine, he enjoyed evasive business chat as much as she did. With a smirk, Carrie continued. “Given your own busy schedule with re-election efforts, it would probably be easier for us to just organise things around that. Anyway, I have no intention of dropping everything just for you.”
She heard a zip becoming undone and the rustling of fabric behind her. Carrie managed to keep her head down and her smirk under control as Castro’s breath became more uneven and whining. The combination of sounds – the rubbing of skin against skin, the groans stimulated between hitched breathing – was incredibly difficult to ignore, but Carrie had to admire Castro’s sheer audacity. She leaned forward to rest her forearms against the desk, exposing her arse further and spreading her legs just a little wider. The noises became more erratic and more rapid. One hand rested on Carrie’s thigh, his nails increasingly digging into her skin as he reached his climax. Carrie didn’t want to look back, for fear of ruining the moment, but as she thought about the event that was unfolding, the image of the slick and polished Marcus Castro becoming undone all because of her, and memories of his red, tear stained face as he lay bound on his bed pathetically trying to ease his erection against the bed-sheets, she could do nothing but laugh.
With a muffled groan, Castro came in one hand. The fingernails on his other hand dug further into Carrie’s thigh, hard enough to leave angry crescent moons on her sensitive skin. As he panted, he let his body rest against Carrie’s, moving his free hand around her waist. The incredible warmth of his bare skin against her arse had an undeniable effect on her, and she found herself relaxing into his hold. Castro tried to coax her face around to meet his by kissing up her neck towards her cheeks, but Carrie remained steadfast. It felt good to be the smirking one for a change.
“I’ll just take these documents home and have a proper look at them in private,” she said, grasping the arm around her waist to pull it away, but finding his grip stubbornly in place. Again, she tried to shake free but Castro wouldn’t budge. His arm quickly moved from her waist to across her chest, gripping at her shoulder, whilst his other hand found its way between her legs. He slid one cum covered exploratory finger inside her, a little rough but in just the right place. Carrie managed to purse her lips shut tightly to avoid moaning, but all semblance of poise and dignity had been thrown out the window. She could feel the heat rush to her face as Castro slid in another finger, the contrast of the throbbing warmth between her legs and the cold slickness of Castro’s come sharper than she had imagined it would be. He pressed his thumb against her clit as his fingers moved rhythmically inside her. He knew exactly what he was doing and Carrie almost hated him for it. Whilst he gently nipped at her neck (but not hard enough to leave visible marks, as stipulated in the agreement), his hand sped up, leaving her almost gasping with delight. Her skin felt hypersensitive to his touch, with her bare legs parallel to his. She couldn’t stop her head from flopping backwards and resting against Castro’s shoulder. She was close, so close.
Then suddenly Castro removed his hand and pulled back from her. Carrie, jelly-legged and ready to burst, almost collapsed into a heap on the floor without Castro’s body to support her. She forced her arms straight against the desk, propping herself up as she tried to regain her normal breathing pattern. Risking a glance behind her, she watched as Castro pulled up his pants. Other than the slight redness in his face, he looked perfectly normal and ready for business as usual. 
That bastard. 
Carrie’s body screamed for attention, for a proper end to the proceedings, and Castro fully knew it. She hated to think what state she was in after all that, and shuddered at the mere thought of the mewling mess she had been reduced to. 
“Thank you for coming in, Ms Stewart,” Castro said casually. “You can finish up your business in here, if you wish, but I do have meetings to attend. We can sort out further details at a later date.”
 Two can play at that game, Carrie thought.
“No, it’s fine, I’ll sort things out later,” she replied, quickly sorting out her clothing before picking up her things. “I prefer to get the job done myself anyway. At least that way I can guarantee satisfying results. You have my number so feel free to get in touch if you need to, Mr Castro.”
The pair stared at each other as Castro’s hand hovered over the door handle. Carrie wanted to come so desperately, but she refused to give him the satisfaction over this issue. If this was the way they were going to play the game then so be it. She relished the challenge.
“I look forward to our next meeting, Ms Stewart.”
“We lived in the gaps between the stories.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Well you did ask,” Carrie shrugged. “Look it up.” 
With a nod, Castro opened the door, loudly thanking Carrie again for her ‘co-operation regarding this upcoming interview’, although both of them doubted the office staff believed him. Without looking back, Carrie left the office with her head held high and her stride steady. She didn’t notice a well-dressed but familiar man watch her as she left the building, filming her with his iPhone. The man entered the room she had just exited without knocking and walked straight into Castro’s office. 
“Oh, hello Mr Robinson.”
Chapter 8.
One of Carrie’s other freelance gigs involved the journalistic equivalent of an assembly line; pumping out short and sweet stories of little to no importance for a local site that specialized in covering the intersection between politics and celebrity. Everything from political fundraisers on Broadway to the Kennedys’ vacation hotspots was blogged about, with lots of glossy photographs to make up for the less than stellar accompanying text. It wasn’t Carrie’s greatest work but in the age of online freelancing with lack of rent control, she couldn’t afford to be picky. It also gave her the freedom to wander around her apartment in her underwear and call it work. 
While in the middle of a bowl of cheap ice-cream and some hastily assembled research on the political leanings of New York based celebrities, Carrie received an e-mail. She sighed upon hearing the ping of her Blackberry, already dreading the undoubtedly snide and impatient messages from her other editor, this one less understanding than Raul and eighteen months younger than her. He expected four articles a day no fewer than four days a week, regardless of her schedule at The List, a gargantuan task for any journalist. 
Much to her surprise, the message wasn’t from the juvenile editor of doom, but from someone named “Emcee”. Curious to see what had managed to bypass her spam filter, she opened it and found a short message that could only have come from one source.
Good evening, Carrie. Are you busy tonight? MC.
She rolled her eyes. Of course Castro would refer to himself as “Emcee”. She silently pleaded with whatever unknown force was out there that he not be one of those cringe-worthy “hip hop conservatives”. Her libido could only take so much. She quickly typed out a response.
Y do U want 2 know?
The response came quickly and with proper spelling and grammar, the true mark of a press secretary. 
I have a few hours of freedom and wish to spend them wisely. Have you finished reading the agreement?
Yep. Ud think ud have bettr grasp of contract law.
Does everything meet your high standards?
No complaints. 
May I come around to your apartment tonight? Or would you prefer to come back to my place?
She paused, her fingers over the keys. Their arrangement may be new but she still knew him better than he thought she did. Whatever game of power the pair of them had let themselves in for, they were both aware of the allure of dominance at every opportune moment, professionally or otherwise. Carrie pushed her laptop to the other side of the couch and headed towards the window. Just as she’d suspected, Castro sat waiting, iPhone in hand, in a well-polished car (a less conspicuous number than he’d sent to the office to pick up Carrie but one that still stood out among the parked cars on her street). She couldn’t help but laugh. Surely he had advisors or staff he could send to do the petty stalking? It was downright unprofessional for a deputy press secretary to get his hands dirty like this. Leaning out of her window, she e-mailed him back.
If I say no will U pretend U nevr came 2 my apartment?
As she watched him read her message, his expression blurred through the tinted windows, she typed out another one.
Nice car, BTW. V flash. 
He cautiously peered out of his side window and up at the open window, where Carrie waved with a smirk. Castro exited the car, dressed more casually than she’d ever seen him and with his usually immaculately lacquered black hair a touch more wind swept. He suited the look, but Carrie theorized that he could probably dress like an ostrich and still be fawned over on Page Six. 
“May I?” He called out, arms stretched as if in the midst of a dramatic declaration. It was all getting a little too Lifetime Movie for Carrie’s liking. 
“Sure,” she replied. “I’m guessing you know which number’s mine.”
Castro sprinted up the three flights of stairs and knocked on Carrie’s door. She took longer to answer it than was strictly necessary but decided he deserved a little delayed gratification. 
“Nice pyjamas,” he said upon seeing her. “The little frogs really add an extra something.” 
“Were you hoping for a silk nightie with stockings and big bouncy hair?” She asked, letting him in. “Is this as casual as you get? The lack of tie is almost unnerving on you.”
“Hey, I know how to get down and relax like the rest of the world.”
“For the record, you should never ever use the phrase ‘get down’ again. It’s on the list of phrases politicians are banned from using.”
“Technically, I’m not a politician.”
“What, you wanna have that argument now?”
“Not really,” he shrugged. “I just wanted to see you.” 
Carrie gave him a look that silently showed her cynicism. 
“Of course you did. May I remind you that our agreement stipulates that such meetings should be arranged at least two hours beforehand?”
“True, but there’s also a subsection rule that allows either of us to call in at least one spontaneous meeting should you or I require one, and I’m calling it in.”
“You wanna use that privilege up so quickly? Shouldn’t you save it for the day after the election when you’ll be out of a job?” 
“I figured you’d be too busy crawling through city hall’s garbage for your next blog post.”
“How charming. I thought crawling through shit was your job.”
He approached Carrie, removing his jacket as he did so before casually flinging it onto her worn and beaten couch. His fingers curled around her lazily braided auburn hair and tugged just enough to pull her head back to meet his eyes. The obvious desire in his eyes battled with the determined smirk of his lips. 
“As much as I’d like to continue this conversation,” he whispered, his lips close enough to hers to feel her shuddered breaths. “There’s something else I’d rather be doing.”
“You think you can have me so easily, Marcus Castro?” Carrie asked. “You think you can strut into my apartment like a peacock and demand whatever takes your liking? You’ve spent too much of your time out of the real world.”
Her comment only seemed to amuse him. His grip loosened and Carrie managed to pull her hair free from his hand before moving towards her bedroom, tugging at her well-worn t-shirt as she did so. Marcus followed closely behind, moving slower than he wished to, clinging desperately to the calm and unflustered public image he’d spent years cultivating. He couldn’t fathom just what it was about this beautiful but frequently infuriating woman that brought his composure crashing down around him, but whatever the case, he didn’t want it to end. 
In her cramped and chaotically disorganized bedroom, Carrie tossed her pyjamas onto one of many piles of clothes but kept her underwear on as she crawled onto her unmade bed, Marcus’s eyes drinking in the sight like a starving man. Carrie could tell he was forcing himself to remain standing on the spot in front of her, fighting the urge to jump and devour her. Having that level of control over a man who made his living controlling the world’s perceptions of his boss was an exhilarating experience for any woman, even more so for a proud muckraker like Carrie. 
With Marcus’s laser-like focus on her body, she pushed her underpants down just enough to slide her hand in and began to stroke her clit with her fingers, filling her mind with memories of a tear stained face and red raw spanked ass as she did so. She knew her body well, better than anyone else, and she knew how to make each touch count. It didn’t take long for spasms of pleasure to engulf her, forcing her backwards, her hand moving faster and harder. Carrie didn’t need to look up to know that Marcus was bewitched by what he saw; his barely contained moans spoke volumes. 
As she began to reach her climax, her breathing became laboured and erratic, her mind void of all thoughts other than her impending orgasm. She barely registered another body on the bed until a pair of legs straddled her feet and a hand grabbed hers, gently coaxing it from her sex. It was only once she felt the absence of touch on her clit that she opened her eyes and saw Marcus leaning over her.
“You asshole,” she panted with a whine in her voice. Now it was her turn to lose control, with Marcus’s hands working to undo her bra behind her back and her hips thrusting aimlessly, in painful need of some sort of touch. His lips settled on her collarbone, sucking a mark that would probably take days to go away. Technically, he wasn’t breaking any rules since the mark could easily be covered but Carrie still made a mental note to get some payback later. 
Marcus seemed dedicated to adoring every inch of her chest, from trailing crossroads of kisses across her pale skin to licking and sucking her increasingly hard nipples. While Carrie undoubtedly enjoyed the ministrations of pleasure Marcus’s expert touch brought her, she had more pressing matters to deal with and a serious lack of patience for the man’s theatrics. With both hands, she pushed his head lower until it came level with her now bare sex. Fortunately, Marcus didn’t require any further direction. His mouth knew better than his mind, feasting on the tender flesh of her sex, with his fingernails digging into the sensitive skin of her thighs, and he soon had Carrie squirming underneath him, responding to each lick and suck with breathy moans and barely suppressed shudders. 
Self-control had become a thing of the past, with both Carrie and Marcus completely entwined, their desires and pleasures prioritized over their earlier battles for intellectual dominance. The pressure increased and Carrie bucked her hips against Marcus’s face as much as his grasp on her waist would allow her. Writhing uncontrollably under his body, Carrie’s gasps became stilted and louder as she neared the tipping point, the sensation engulfing her body like flames. With a well-timed lick in just the right place, Carrie came with a staccato-like scream. 
Marcus continued to worship her sex as she came back down to earth, nibbling at her sweat covered thighs and resting next to the intricately scripted paragraph tattooed on her left leg. 
“I hadn’t even noticed this one,” he said quietly, tracing his fingernail across the thin black calligraphy she’d had inked during her first year of college. Marcus read it aloud.
“Even in our sleep, 
Pain which cannot forget,
Falls drop by drop upon the heart, 
Until, in our own despair, 
Against our will, 
Comes wisdom 
Through the awful grace of God.”

Carrie hummed in approval.
“Robert Kennedy?”
“That’s Aeschylus, you philistine!” She laughed.
“As made famous by Robert Kennedy.”
“Yes, because the Greeks really needed the publicity after all these millennia.”
“Interesting choice,” he said, crawling up her side to lie by her. “So that’s five insightful phrases I’ve read from your body so far, if memory serves. Care to show me the rest or do I have to find them myself?”
“Don’t make it sound like too taxing a job. I got it because it reminded me of my step-dad. He likes Greek tragedy, American political dynasties and general pretension.” 
“It suits you,” he mumbled against her skin, rubbing his face against her neck like a content house cat. “As wonderful as this moment is, I really have to leave now. I do have a job that requires office presence.”
“I’m surprised you managed to find the time to come here.”
“You get a bit more leeway when you’re only the deputy. I don’t wanna go.”
Carrie didn’t want him to leave either, but the thought of admitting that out loud gave her a sudden burst of the shivers. Marcus, thinking she was cold, pulled her against his warm form for a few moments in a comforting hug, full of wandering hands and hot breath against her throat. His ease with such simple yet unquestionably passionate gestures only exacerbated her internal panic. She couldn’t deny that her animosity towards the well-polished and effortlessly charming political wonk had softened into something vaguely resembling a relationship, but the idea that her increasing attraction could turn into something more serious both repelled and intrigued her. 
As she watched him dress silently, trying to futilely rub away the creases in his expensive shirt, she considered this strange arrangement that had developed between the two of them: a sexual one, organised with the utmost precision and security, drawn out in contracts with an almost clinical detachment from the realities of what had occurred between the journalist and the press secretary. The power dynamics at play were almost as fun as their more public encounters to Carrie. She relished debate at the best of times and going head to head with one of the city’s golden boys truly excited her. Indeed, while she still considered Marcus Castro to be the manifestation of everything she hated about politics, he would definitely have been the kind of guy she went for. They worked well together, she couldn’t deny it.
Maybe it wouldn’t be such a catastrophe to give it a shot.
She shook that thought from her mind the moment it appeared, refusing to have that conversation even with herself. This was just fucking, as per the arrangement, and nothing more. Castro pulled a tie from his jacket pocket and pulled it over his head. Without a mirror nearby, he couldn’t tell that it sat wonkily on his neck, and there were few things Carrie liked to nit-pick more than a man with a crooked tie. She sat up from the bed, still entirely naked, and beckoned him towards her. He obediently approached her, kneeling to match her height, and let her fix his tie.
“So what burgeoning political disasters do you have to deal with today?” She asked.
“No more unions,” he laughed. “Besides, why would I share information like that with a hack?”
“Off the record?”
“You don’t even know what that phrase means.”
“Cute. Come on. I’m gonna find out eventually so unless you want out next meeting to be all talk and no action, you may as well come out with it.”
“A very persuasive argument but I’ll pass. I’m sure you’ll be there reporting anyway.”
“That or my editor will send the actual city hall correspondent to deal with you. I’m sure you’ll miss my charming presence.”
“Always. Now I really have to go.” 
He pulled Carrie up and into another long, soft kiss. The temptation to say ‘fuck it’ to the day job and fall back into bed with this curious and painfully beautiful creature was growing stronger with each passing second. Her bare body against his suited one made the process of pulling away from her even harder. When they finally stopped, it was with almost mournful sighs and an aching desire for more. 
Carrie hastily pulled on an old silk dressing gown she found abandoned on the floor and watched Marcus leave in his car, back to the real world. Her second editor would probably be wondering why the hell she was taking so long with a few puff pieces, so she slumped back onto the couch and began typing up a piece on a recent political fundraiser, her hand occasionally wandering back to the mark forming on her collarbone. 
Chapter 9.
Marcus was right; it didn’t take long for Carrie to find out what the newest development in the city’s political circle was. Such news spread like wildfire at the best of times when you knew where to look, and an announcement for comptroller candidate certainly fit the bill. 
Councilwoman Lily Gelman was the ideal candidate for city comptroller: passionate, universally beloved in her district, entirely unafraid of big bankers and vested interests, and most of all, not so secretly loathed by Mayor Milton. Their contentious encounters were the stuff of city gossip legends, and the unabashedly liberal councilwoman made no secret of her frequent clashes with the conservative Mayor. Given the city’s history and its solid run of 50 years without a Republican comptroller, it was a guarantee that Gelman would take the seat in the upcoming election. 
“She really doesn’t need to run a campaign,” Lucy said to Carrie over frantic typing in the magazine’s offices. “She’s got it in the bag. No Democrat’s going to run against her for selection and the GOP might as well stick an inanimate carbon rod on the ticket.”
“We all need to keep up appearances,” Carrie replied, midway through her roundup report of reactions to Gelman’s news, which were 90% unsurprised and 10% comments on her appearance. “Plus there are way too many people in this city who don’t know what a comptroller actually does.”
“How is the Mayor’s office handling the news? I bet he’s fuming.”
“The usual attacks of fiscal irresponsibility from a hardcore liberal and how it’ll irrevocably destroy the city. Honestly, I expected something a little more exciting from them.”
Carrie hadn’t caught all of the Mayor’s office’s reactions but did see Marcus on the local news in the tie she had fixed for him and couldn’t help but smile. The image of him on frantic damage control in the Mayor’s office entertained her greatly. 
“There’s something hugely depressing about the second Google result being ‘Lily Gelman legs’. People suck,” Carrie sighed. “Why not just add ‘I hate women’ while you’re at it?”
“Remind me to show you some of the delightfully sexist things Twitter said about you after Union-Mayor-Gate.”
“Okay, one, thank you but no and two, you need a catchier name than ‘Union-Mayor-Gate’, Lucy.”
Carrie had done a lot of Twitter blocking in the aftermath of the press conference that had started all the madness in her life and it still wasn’t enough to get rid of the trolls. As she browsed her Twitter feed for more Gelman comments to pilfer for her pieces (such was the state of rushed modern journalism in the age of social media), she came across one tweet that grabbed her attention, from a local news station’s political correspondent whom Carrie was friendly with. 
Stay tuned for a surprise in the Dem. Comptroller race. Gelman in trouble?
“Lucy,” Carrie said, clearly bemused. “You seen this? Gelman may have competition apparently.”
“Is it a good source?”
“It’s not exactly the Times but he’s never let me down before. I’m gonna call him.”
Danny Monti may have been the most underappreciated man in city politics. He knew everyone and everything about the grubby world of public access TV he inhabited yet was seldom heard over the bullhorns of the bigger publications. Carrie liked to keep in regular contact for the hot scoops. She only ever benefited from her acquaintance with him, and if the rest of the industry chose to blank him then it was their loss.
“If it isn’t the new queen of the Mayoral press corps,” he said with a booming voice upon picking up the phone. “How’s tricks, Miss Stewart? Enjoying The List?”
“Hey Danny. I think you know why I’m calling.”
“Nice to know someone’s paying attention to my Twitter feed. It’s pretty much you and my niece, and she only does it out of pity.”
“Someone’s announcing their candidacy today? Trying to steal Gelman’s thunder?”
“What better way to make your presence known? Our mystery friend likes to make an entrance.”
“Sounds like he’s not new on the scene.”
“It does, doesn’t it?”
Carrie smiled. Usually such cryptic chit-chat tried her patience but she was used to Danny’s style by now. It was worth a little theatrics to get the story before the rest of the city.
“This person won’t be making an announcement like this in some cramped office,” Carrie said, thinking out loud. “He, and I’m guessing it’s a he, wants the city to know he’s here and he means business, and if he wants to hit Gelman where it hurts then he’ll do so in her home borough of Brooklyn. Am I close?”
“Nice going, Sherlock. You’re wasted at that near bankrupt rag. Come join me in the slums.”
“Maybe some other time. Where should I be looking?”
“All I’m saying is it’s been a long time since we’ve kept up with Mr Robinson.”
Carrie’s brow furrowed. Robinson may be a relatively common surname but in her and Danny’s circle, that name meant only one person.
“You’re kidding, right? Eddie Robinson?”
 Across from her, Lucy’s mouth gaped like a fish, while Danny just laughed down the line.
Where Robinson goes, we all know who’s close behind. Or should I say in front.”
“Fuck.”
“Yep. We’re fucked.”
“Thanks, Danny. I owe you one. Talk to you later.”
They swapped goodbyes and hung up, with Carrie immediately standing up and briskly walking towards Raul’s office. She found him with his face practically pressed against his computer screen, eyes wide and screaming for sleep.
“No knocking, Carrie?”
“I think James Crawford’s entering the Comptroller race.” 
Raul stared at Carrie with a look that could only be defined as one of fear. Carrie nodded silently, knowing exactly how he felt. James Crawford was not a man who incited much enthusiasm among the liberals of the city. 
“You sure?” He asked.
“My source is solid. We need to look up any last minute press conferences organized by Edward Robinson.”
“Jesus, he’s involved too? Hang on a sec, let me check. I suddenly feel the urge to run away screaming.”
Raul tapped away at his keyboard, scrolling through his e-mails until he found what he was looking for. After scanning the message for a few seconds, he slumped into his seat with defeat.
“Son of a bitch,” he groaned. Carrie winced. “Last minute press conference happening tonight in Brooklyn with former Lieutenant Governor James Crawford regarding, and I quote, ‘an important announcement that our great city has been waiting for.’ Well, Robinson continues to be a grandstanding jackass if nothing else. Anyone else reported this?”
“Not in the past five minutes. Want me on it?”
“I’ll make sure the office knows. I want everything from Crawford’s past dug up. Not that it’ll be hard to do so. Good job, Carrie. I want you at the press conference tonight. If you can do to Crawford what you did to Castro, his campaign will be dead in the water.”
“God, here’s hoping. I don’t want that creep in office again.”
As Carrie left her editor’s office to prepare for the press conference, her thoughts flew back to the previous day, with Marcus naked by her side and reciting the poetry inked on her skin, and talking vaguely of his upcoming work. She wondered if he knew about this yesterday, and whether or not he would count as a legitimate source. Strictly off the record, of course. 
- - - 
	James Crawford had spent six years as the state’s Blue Dog Lieutenant Governor, performing his duties with more dramatics and press attention than the role usually required, until he was brought down by that most traditional of political scandals – a sexual harassment case. Several women came forward to accuse the proud family man of inappropriate behaviour, including one especially graphic incident involving a pair of pantyhose and candlewax. 
While Crawford was never charged, his time in office and potential rise to Governor or even Senator was essentially dead, and he resigned with a succession of cable news appearances and painfully staged Instagram photos with his wife to show how everything had recovered.
	Crawford was charming, media savvy, a fiscally conservative Democrat with impeccable credentials on social issues and a background in making money and winning elections. Even with the allegations hanging over his head, his candidacy couldn’t be written off.
	It was times like this that Carrie truly hated politics. Sitting between two loudly talking journalists in the front row at the Crawford press conference, elbows carelessly jutting into her sides, she tried to figure out a less libellous term for the man of the hour than ‘potential rapist dick-nipple.’ Everything about this press conference made her shudder with disgust, from the location choice of one of the borough’s most expensive and gaudy hotels to the provided press releases packed full of glossy photographs of the salt-and-pepper haired Crawford, American flag pin proudly on his lapel and his teeth the glistening unnatural white of the blinding sun. It hadn’t even started yet and she wanted to vomit.
	She’d been trying to reach Marcus for hours, ever since she’d left Raul’s office, but the line was always busy. That made sense, she reasoned. The Mayor’s office would no doubt be delighted with the Crawford news. While still across party lines, it would suit the Mayor’s agenda more to have a fiscally conservative figure in the comptroller’s office than a liberal who hated his guts, even if he failed in his attempt at re-election. An endorsement would surely be just around the corner.
	While texting Marcus for the seventh or eighth time, the room fell silent as Eddie Robinson strode towards the mike. Where Marcus Castro had charisma and pretty boy charm, Robinson had a reputation that struck fear and wonder into the hearts of wonk and hack alike. The foreboding figure, with his near bald head and narrow blue eyes, looked more like a military man than someone who had spent eighteen years as the most efficient and unnerving Democratic whip in Congress. When somebody wanted a bill pushed through or a dissenting voice changed, Robinson was the man called upon to do the job. While many had criticized him for his lack of attention to the smaller details of policy, nobody could deny his influence or skill. He left office to enter the more profitable business of strategic communications, primarily advising the former Lieutenant Governor. If anybody could rehabilitate the fallen man’s image and get him back in office it was Robinson. That thought terrified Carrie.
	As the throng of journalists leaned in expectantly, Robinson simply fiddled with the many mikes standing to attention on the pedestal and stepped away. Carrie could practically feel the sighs of relief around her. Having an entire profession feel similar levels of dread to her was either comforting or horrifying, she couldn’t quite decide. The chatter started again until a familiar woman stepped forward with a face splitting smile and perfectly coiffed and shiny red hair. The introduction of Crawford’s darling wife Audrey was definitely not expected.
	“Good evening ladies and gentlemen,” she began, her accented tones the evidence of her privileged upbringing. “And thank you for coming out tonight to join us in our announcement. It is my honor to introduce the man of the hour, a man who is a treasured public servant, a family man and a hard working American with a dream to revitalize this proud city!”
	A smattering of polite applause filled the room. Carrie couldn’t help but be impressed. Clearly Robinson had trained up Audrey Crawford, prepared her for this moment. Having the darling wife delightedly stand by her man presented a united public image to combat all those allegations that remained hanging overhead. Carrie wondered if the voters were so easily fooled. 
	The good wife continued her fawning introduction – laying on the sentiment a touch too thick but otherwise she was doing what the campaign hoped to accomplish – and Carrie took notes as she went, writing down notable quotes and on-the-spot thoughts about the entire set-up. The slick professionalism of the conference was trademark Crawford, the work of a man who never had a hair out of place, even when tearfully resigning from his position. After many more political and romantic platitudes, Mrs Crawford’s introduction finally came to an end and, with the applause loudly bolstered by a sea of supporters with printed signs surrounding the perimeter, the former Lieutenant Governor waltzed onto the stage. 
	Carrie could tell he was revelling in the attention underneath that practised smile. Men like him couldn’t help themselves. The supporters’ applause continued long after most of the press had stopped. Crawford certainly still had his supporters in the Democratic Party. Charismatic people pleasers were hard to come by on either side of the aisle so some were willing to overlook the more problematic areas of his past.
	“Thank you for that warm welcome,” he said. “Good evening ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining Audrey and I tonight in Brooklyn. Before I begin, I have to thank my beautiful wife for her kind words. Audrey, you’re my best friend the love of my life. I couldn’t do any of this without you.”
	Another round of applause followed for the smiling wife, who looked bashful to be on the receiving end of the attention that she had previously revelled in. Carrie didn’t clap. Crawford continued his speech and Carrie dutifully typed more notes on the mini laptop she’d borrowed from the office, processing everything she heard whilst fighting the urge to add her own less than neutral personal opinions. He spouted the usual lines on fiscal responsibility, cleaning up the town, bridging the gap between rich and poor, and bringing change to the city. Every candidate did this, regardless of whatever position they were running for. Lily Gelman’s speech at least came with some real fire and conviction behind her promises to tackle the city’s growing inequality. She had the receipts to back it all up. Crawford only had the big elephant in the room his supporters proudly ignored. 
	“I’m stepping up to the plate,” Crawford said as his speech came to an end. “I’ll get the city back on solid fiscal ground to give each and every person in this great place the opportunities and security they deserve. Together, we can face the many series challenges our city faces and we can do it in the name of change for all. I’m stepping up and I hope the people of New York will do so with me too. Thank you, and God bless!” 
	More applause followed, punctuated with whooping and feet stomping. Carrie politely joined in as she considered which question to ask him. Nothing too ‘gotcha’ or she’d come out of it looking far worse than he would. The sexual harassment allegations were quickly swept away in the speech with a simple “I made some mistakes” but that wasn’t enough. She decided to go along the route of funding for women’s shelters but suddenly realized the Crawfords were walking off the stage in a flourish of waving and flashing cameras, with no Q&A session at all. 
You asshole, she thought. Skipping out on the hard work. That won’t last. He could only survive on charisma alone for so long. At least his refusal to open himself up fully to the press would give Carrie something to analyse once she got around to writing her article. She couldn’t wait until she returned to her apartment to begin. Raul would want something in his inbox within the hour, so off to the nearest café with Wi-Fi she went.
	The nearest place turned out to be a Starbucks full of hacks with the same plan as Carrie, each nursing the largest cups available amidst a near deafening chattering of cell phone dictations to harried editors and races to get the headlines in first. Carrie grabbed a tall latte, desperately needing the caffeine boost, and headed to the darkened end of the café, ready to write. The words flowed freely and with immense catharsis. The freedom that came with writing for a proudly liberal publication suited her. 
Her phone buzzed in her pocket as she reached her end paragraph. Castro’s name made her groan. 
“You’ve got a lot of nerve,” she said, not bothering with polite pleasantries. 
“Busy day, Carrie?” He asked.
“You would know. I bet your boss is tickled pink to see that misogynist in the race.”
“I couldn’t possibly comment.” 
“Of course not. That would require you to spout your own opinions for a change.”
“I’m guessing The List won’t be endorsing Lieutenant Governor Crawford for the job?”
“He’s got about as much chance of an endorsement as your guy. Why are you calling anyway? Do you want to rub it in or something? For a guy with such hype around him, you seem to spend an awful lot of time slacking off.”
He laughed down the line. 
“We can’t all live the high life of the freelancer, I’m afraid. I wanted to arrange our next meeting with the appropriate warning beforehand. Is that okay?”
“Sure. Why not?”
“Your feigned apathy doesn’t fool me. Not now that I’ve seen how beautiful you look when you come.”
A wave of crimson immediately overtook Carrie’s face, engulfing her in a blush of embarrassment and lust. Her eyes darted around the sea of hacks, briefly wondering if any of them just heard what Marcus said, even though it was impossible. Such open declarations left her feeling disarmed and more excited than she cared to admit.
“You still there, Carrie?”
She stammered, suddenly realizing she’d been struck silent by Marcus’s confession. Any attempt at nonchalance had failed almost instantaneously.
“Yeah, still here. Trying to… Y’know, finish this article.”
“Sure.” Marcus didn’t sound particularly convinced. “The Mayor is holding a fundraiser at the City Arts Center this Saturday. I could get you in on a press pass then take you home after. Two birds with one stone.”
“Uh, sure. I can do that. My editor will be delighted.”
“Excellent. I’ll send the invite to your offices and see you on the night. And Carrie? You should wear that black dress again. You looked perfect in it.”
“So smart dress code? No nudity or rude slogan t-shirts?”
“Goodnight, Ms Stewart.”
Carrie hung up, tossed her cell-phone into her bag and finished typing her article, ready to send it into The List. She kept a window open with the news of Gelman’s response to Crawford’s announcement on it, noting the immediate attack mode her team had entered. Comptroller races were seldom as heated as the Mayoral races but maybe it was time for a change.
Chapter 10.
Raul never questioned just how exactly his newest recruit had managed to secure a press pass for the Mayor’s latest campaign fundraiser, something akin to the golden ticket among the liberal publications, and he didn’t particularly care to find out. As long as his writers were doing their job and not being caught doing anything illegal, they were free to get the job done in whatever manner they saw as the most appropriate. Besides, Carrie was nowhere near the first woman to use a slinky backless dress to get the job done and she probably wouldn’t be the last.
The long lensed camera hanging from her neck cut a strong contrast with the rest of Carrie’s outfit; a well-fitting, floor skimming cobalt blue number she’d had in the back of her closet since her college newspaper’s Christmas party. She repeatedly told herself that her sartorial choice had nothing to do with titillating Mr Castro. It just paid off more to be a well-dressed hack in a room full of well-dressed chumps with money to burn. It helped to slightly offset the grimaces that appeared on their faces once they noticed the camera and glaring fluorescent press pass hanging alongside it on her neck. 
Carrie wasn’t a particularly professional photographer but for some reason, pictures of vaguely famous people drinking obscenely priced champagne in the name of politics brought in a lot of page views to The List’s website and anything that brought in some revenue was welcomed. She casually strolled through the beautifully decorated City Arts Center, taking occasional snaps of individuals she recognized, keeping an eye out for Marcus. 
The press secretary had become an almost constant presence in her thoughts over the past few days, as much as it pained her to admit it, even to herself. A myriad of possibilities filled her mind, including some that made her blush, but it was the softer moments that truly concerned her, the thoughts of quiet and vaguely domestic times with shared laughs and serious commitments. Carrie realistic in her thinking; she never accepted the archaic thinking that demanded she choose between having either a fulfilled personal or professional life, but dating an aide to the Mayor threw far too many conflicts of interest in her road. How could she even consider taking this weird not-relationship with him to the next step when it was her job to pick apart every word that came out of his mouth? Her career had only just begun to take off and she didn’t want it to end so soon. Then again, she didn’t want to entirely rid her mind of those warm, comforting thoughts of Marcus either. He’d gotten under her skin and she was pretty certain she had the same effect on him. They were both risking far too much with their brief dalliances as it was. Why did she bother, she asked herself. Was it really worth it?
She couldn’t answer her own question. 
Carrie brought her thoughts back to the event at hand and waltzed through the packed room, snapping shots of the cream of the city’s right leaning crop; several Republican city councilmen and women, a few local talk radio hosts, businessmen and women who seldom left their jobs for less than $50k a night, one of the state’s more infamous Congressmen, and even a big name actor or two. The Mayor mingled with his usual crowd, his press secretary Andrew Crichton always nearby. 
Crichton wore a constant expression midway between anger and worry, the furrow in his brow ever present. He had been with the Mayor since his early days in the automobile industry and probably spent more time with him than his wife. However, given the Mayor’s recent decline in popularity leading up to the election, he had more reason to look nervous than ever before, especially with the new golden boy waiting in the wings. Carrie took a few candid shots of the group, thinking up some devastatingly witty captions to go with them, before deciding to take advantage of the free food on offer. Her last experience with a room full of rich jerks and free champagne put her off the copious amounts of alcohol on offer so she settled on some crackers slathered in pate. 
The speeches were about to begin, with the big names being rolled out one after the other to spout the virtues of their glorious Mayor. The first guest to speak was the columnist and all-round oddity Miranda Pitcher. Very few conservative talking heads were women and even less of them were lesbian atheists. She strode onto the stage in vertigo inducing heels and a dress that inspired scandal, with film star bouncy chestnut hair and a smile of pure smug self-satisfaction. Carrie pre-emptively rolled her eyes. She hated these speeches as it was but there was something about Pitcher that drove her bleeding heart liberal sensibilities round the bend. Fortunately, she didn’t have to write any of it down since she’d been sent a very well organised press release containing all the speeches. That also meant she could tune it out and focus on her food instead, a far preferable option. 
As she chewed contently on a cracker, the crowds around her focused on Pitcher’s rousing if somewhat inflammatory speech (her trademark style), something in the darkened corner caught Carrie’s eye. The familiar lumbering shape of Eddie Robinson seemed to be skulking towards the exit. It was most unorthodox for the spokesperson of another campaign to be present, especially since the Mayor had yet to endorse anyone for the comptroller job. There was also no reason for a sort-of rival spokesperson to be at an event like this wearing a hat and sunglasses like he was some kind of secret agent. This called for an immediate investigation. Carrie shoved the remainder of the crackers into her mouth and quietly weaved through the crowd, following Robinson at a safe distance. She even pulled off her heels to make the walk quieter. 
Feeling less like a journalist and more like a nosey neighbor, Carrie trailed Robinson until he came to a stop before the doors to the men’s bathroom, hiding as much as she could behind a nearby plant. The situation was almost comical. Fortunately, Robinson didn’t seem especially perceptive at that moment in time, even as the large decorative plant rustled slightly, and he entered the bathroom with a furtive glance over his shoulder. 
Maybe he was just unusually shy about using the bathroom, Carrie wondered, a touch embarrassed that she’d quickly switched from society photographer to Harriet the Spy. There was journalistic intuition and then there was just plain paranoia. She began to sheepishly shuffle away from the plant when another familiar face began to approach. 
Crichton looked more worried than usual, by the looks of the beads of sweat gathered on his forehead. The fact that he’d dragged himself away from the Mayor’s side on the night of a crucial fundraiser sent the bells of suspicion ringing in Carrie’s head. She dashed back behind the conveniently large decorative plant and watched him enter the same bathroom.  
Okay, Carrie reasoned, now she was definitely not paranoid. She had to eavesdrop in on this conversation, the world demanded it. She knew the basic layout of the vast glass box that made up the recently renovated City Arts Center, thanks to her attendance at several events throughout the past year, and she knew that said renovation had included absolutely no work on the bathrooms. The center still had the same tiny wooden flaps for windows that barely let in any light. Perfect for snooping, Carrie thought as she dashed outside, holding her high heels in her hand. 
Floor length dresses weren’t suited for more physical endeavours, Carrie realized as she dragged a trash can below the open bathroom window and clamoured on top of it with total gracelessness. She had to balance on her tip-toes in order to peer into the badly lit bathroom, but she could clearly see Crichton and Robinson in the midst of a heated but whispered conversation. Terms such as ‘career suicide’ and ‘big mess’ were thrown around, which opened up a whole new barrel of possibilities in Carrie’s mind. She knew she had to document this for future use, so she fiddled with the unnecessarily complicated camera until she managed to turn the flash off and pressed it against the glass, quickly taking several snaps before she lost her balance. 
Now it was time to leave before she got cocky or caught. Sliding off the trash can, almost tripping on the fabric of her dress, Carrie slid her shoes back on and tottered back inside, desperate to retrieve her cell-phone to make some important calls. As irony dictated, the one time she hadn’t been thinking about Marcus Castro was the time that she ran face first into him in the foyer. 
“Hey, slow down,” he laughed as she stumbled into his arms. “I’m excited to see you too.”
“Fuck, sorry about that. I was just… Getting some fresh air.”
“Sounds like you could use some more. Are you okay?”
Carrie nodded. She couldn’t tell him what she’d seen since there was a possibility Marcus was in on it all and as it was she barely had anything to go on bar a muffled toilet conversation. Besides, Marcus Castro’s presence, and his firm hands resting on her bare shoulders, proved to be a suitable distraction from the images stored around her neck.
“You been having a good time?” Marcus asked.
“Yeah, a laugh a minute,” Carrie replied as deadpan as she could manage. “I love spending my weekends listening to the cream of plutocratic cronyism lick the fuzz from each other’s asses all the while totally blanking the millions suffering in poverty round the corner. It really excites me.”
“How long were you practicing that line for, Ms Stewart? A week? Two weeks?”
She rolled her eyes. 
“Anyway,” Marcus continued. “You don’t have to be here if you don’t want to stay. I have to stay here until there end but I wouldn’t wish that on anyone, not even you.”
“What, are you secretly a resentful tool of the system, driven mad by growing disenfranchisement?” Carrie asked, smirking. Marcus’s hands moved down her arms and grasped her hands. 
“No,” he whispered, leaning in. “I just wouldn’t want anyone else to have to deal with clearing up the mess.”
“Aww, poor little deputy press secretary having to do a little hard work.”
“Indeed, and I think I deserve a break. Don’t you?”
“Depends,” she shrugged. “What did you have in mind?”
He took her hand and led her up the stairs and into an office, the doors of which he locked behind them. Carrie looked out of the window and down onto the crowded streets, illuminated by fluorescent lights overhead and the streams of multiple cars on the seemingly forever busy roads. She pulled off the camera, rolling her neck to alleviate the strain that had built up, and placed it on the nearby desk. While she thought about what to do with the photographs now in her possession, Marcus’s hands snaked their way under the fabric of her dress and rested on her slightly rounded stomach while a bouquet of kisses trailed across her neck, moving down the long line of script tattooed on her spine. On his knees, face pressed against the small of her back, Marcus let out a soft laugh.
“Laughter’s not particularly encouraging during moments like this,” Carrie said, hands against the window ledge as her panties quickly came off underneath her dress.
“Sorry,” he sighed. “It’s just that this tattoo is so you.”
A finger followed the tattoo which started at the base of her hairline and ended just above her butt, one written in impeccable black calligraphy against Carrie’s lightly tanned skin.
“You may not be able to change the world,” Marcus read aloud. “But at least you can embarrass the guilty.” 
“Hey, it’s true.”
“I can’t believe you wore a backless dress with that quote flashed around in a room full of bankers.”
“I rebel whenever I can. It’s a Jessica Mitford quote. My step-dad’s a big fan. Now, do you want a lecture on the great female journalists of the 20th century or do you wanna get down to business?”
“God, Carrie,” Marcus gasped. “What the fuck are you doing to me?”
Carrie turned around, standing over the kneeling Marcus, his hands now on her hips. With one hand, she untied the halter strings around her neck and let the top of the dress tumble to reveal her bare breasts. Marcus quickly helped her out of her clothes, leaving her looming above him in nothing but her heels and the God given canvas of her body she had decorated so beautifully. 
“What is it that you want from me, Mr Castro?” Carrie asked, lacing her fingers through his sternly styled hair, messing up the look that had required half a jar of cream to put in place. This was how she liked him; unkempt, wide eyed and completely undone. Her grip tightened and she pulled his head back, forcing him to strain in discomfort. 
“You like that, don’t you?” She continued, letting her nails scrape across his scalp. “I remember that part very well in our agreement. No visible marks but otherwise I’m free to do as I please. Is that what excites you?”
He tried to nod but found himself restrained by Carrie’s surprisingly strong grip. His wide eyes practically glowed with desire. Carrie crouched to his level and with her free hand she began to undo his bow tie and top shirt buttons. Taking this as a sign to continue, Marcus took over and flailed around on his knees removing his clothes until he was as naked as Carrie. Neither of them seemed to care that the curtains were open and people could see in. They were both too steeped in passion to take notice of such inconsequential matters. 
With her short but well-manicured fingernails, Carrie created tracks of scratches interweaving across his back. Each drag across his skin made him shudder and moan and he pulled her down until she straddled him and kissed her mouth feverishly as if she were the only source of oxygen in the room.  She nipped at his lips hungrily, entirely enraptured by the dizzying sensations overwhelming her as they wantonly grinded against each other. Marcus was achingly hard against her.
“Do you have any condoms?” Carrie asked. When Marcus shook his head, she had to restrain herself from screaming in frustration. She was desperate but not that desperate. She guided one of his hands to her sex before grasping his cock. Their movements were frantic and graceless, their kisses rough and full of bites, but neither cared. They both needed this far more than they could ever properly express. 
“Oh Carrie,” Marcus moaned against her lips, silently encouraging her to scratch further. He wanted his back to be a memorial of her touch, for every rustle of fabric against his skin to remind him of this night and the woman who fuelled his desires. She complied and dragged her nails deep enough to draw a hint of blood. 
That sent Marcus over the edge and he came in spurts in Carrie’s hand as she grinded erratically against his hand, willing her own orgasm to completion. Marcus’s mouth found its way to her breasts and latched onto a nipple, pushing Carrie to climax with strained groans. With her body feeling like jelly, she slumped into his arms, her left hand covered in the results of Marcus’s pleasure. With a tired smile, she wiped her stained hand down his back, over the forest of scratches she’d left behind. 
“Well,” Marcus gasped, trying to find his breath. “That was… Interesting.”
“Why the fuck did we do that?”
Marcus laughed, guiding Carrie’s face to his and kissing away her perplexed expression. It soon dawned on them both that they were naked, sticky from sweat and other stuff, and in an office two floors above a press attended fundraiser. This was probably not the time or the place for such activities. 
“I think we should get back downstairs, Mr Castro.”
“Agreed. I have to stay to the end but you can go back to my house and stay the night if you want. I’ll even order in some breakfast.”
The thought of a hot shower and a decadent lie-in next to Marcus hit all her buttons but she still didn’t feel entirely ready for that. Mutual masturbation in an office was one thing; a sleepover was a whole new level of commitment.  
“Thanks, but I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.”
“Okay.” Marcus didn’t hide the notes of disappointment in his voice. Eventually they pulled apart, their skin almost stuck together with the fruits of their labor, and put their clothes back on. The cloth clung to their sweaty skin unpleasantly and they both looked thoroughly debauched. Carrie was glad she wouldn’t have to go downstairs and explain her state to anyone, unlike Marcus. She pulled the halter strings behind her neck and fiddled with them but found her fingers still too shaky to tie the bow. Marcus stepped in and finished the job, peppering her shoulders with kisses as he did so.
“What am I going to do with you, Ms Stewart?” He asked with a lilt in his voice.
“As if you could deal with me so easily.”
“True. It’s more fun this way.”
Carrie turned to face him, patting down his flyaway hairs until they became vaguely presentable once more.
“What do you want from this?” She asked. 
“What I’ve always wanted: You. Just you and nothing else.”
“Because it’s that easy.”
“It could be.”
“For a professional problem fixer, you’re weirdly lacking in self-awareness.”
“It’s a gift. Now I really have to go.”
“Okay.”
They stood in front of one another, neither willing to move, silently pushing each other to make the first step. Eventually Carrie smiled weakly and kissed his cheek. 
“I think we need to talk,” he said quietly. “There are things I have to get off my chest.”
“Okay. Call me tomorrow night and we’ll… I don’t know. Enter negotiations or something.”
“Enjoy the rest of your night.” 
Carrie withheld a myriad of cutting comebacks and found herself simply nodding in response as she grabbed her camera, turned and left the office. Marcus didn’t follow behind. Still a little weak at the knees and clammy from the sheen on sweat across her body, she forced herself to push down the cascade of emotions and questions tumbling through her mind. This wasn’t going to happen, she told herself. Not now, not ever. 
Chapter 11. 
On top of being New York City’s most underappreciated force in political journalism, Danny Monti was also an amazing cook. Carrie didn’t take advantage of this nearly as often as she wanted to, but serious hack talk required a solid meal, one big enough to feed three people. By Danny’s estimation, that meant cooking enough spaghetti and meatballs for half of NoLiTa. Lucy, who had been dragged out of her bed at an ungodly hour by her co-worker and good friend, saw no reason to complain.
“Why have you been hiding this man from me?” She asked as she shovelled food into her mouth, barely leaving time to savor the rich taste. “I’d go straight for three meals a day like this!”
“That may be the nicest thing any woman’s ever said about me,” Danny laughed, choosing to pick at his own meal in a more company acceptable manner. “My mother would love you.”
Danny was the kind of man many a mother would love: traditionally handsome if perpetually exhausted with the bags under his eyes and grey in his hair to show it, and always ready to crack a joke or give a hug if need be. However, underneath that warm exterior beat the heart of a ruthless journalist, one Carrie was glad to be on the good side of. 
She pushed the pasta around her plate, sporadically eating a small mouthful but finding herself less hungry than usual. Absent-mindedly, she rubbed at her old concert t-shirt around the area she knew lay a love-bite underneath the fabric. She had tossed and turned all night after returning home from the fundraiser, the tornado of her thoughts growing ever stronger with the combination of Marcus and the Robinson-Crichton liaison. The lines between professional and private had long since been blown apart but now they were embroiled in a way that truly worried Carrie. She needed back-up, which was where Lucy and Danny stepped in. 
“Any reason you dragged me from my weekend hangover recovery process, Stewart?” Lucy asked in between mouthfuls. “Other than free food?” 
“Yeah,” Carrie replied, already a little worried. “Okay, so I was at the fundraiser last night doing cheesy press duties. The usual crap, right?”
“Is this about you and Castro?” Lucy grinned impishly, tomato sauce smeared across her lips. “Are you ready to confess all the dirty details now?”
Carrie gave her a look that screamed bloody murder while Lucy could only laugh. 
“Oh come on, don’t pull that crap with me,” Lucy continued. “I’m a smart lady. I can fill in the gaps.”
“You’re dating Marcus Castro?” Danny asked.
“No,” Carrie responded a little too forcefully.
“So you’re just fucking him?” 
“That’s not why we’re here. Can we get on with the real news?”
“No no no no, you are not getting out of this that easily. Do you know what he did for her, Danny? He came onto her, she kicked him in the balls and to make up for it he bought her an original pressing of Ziggy Stardust signed by Bowie himself!”
“Wow.” Danny sounded impressed. “Sounds like one hell of an affair. Usually Republicans pay off their bits on the side with cars and shoes.”
“I hate you both.” Carrie pushed her plate aside and thudded her head against the table, tempted to repeatedly batter it there until she fell into sweet, interrogation-free unconsciousness. Lucy and Danny’s laughter did nothing to alleviate the blush growing across her face. 
“So how is he?” Danny asked. “From what my sources in City Hall tell me, he seems like the kind of guy who screams his own name when he comes. Now that I think about it, someone did mention something about him looking a little distracted these days. Oh Carrie, the effect you have of men.”
“You may be my friends but don’t think for one moment that I won’t throw this delicious spaghetti in your faces. That’s not why we’re here so can we get on with this?”
“Okay, we can move on but only after you tell us a little dirt.”
“Oh dear god. Fine, he’s a cocky little shit who’s good in bed, has a nice apartment and types all his e-mails to me with the proper grammar and punctuation. Now can we please move on?”
“Fine,” Lucy said, finally relenting. “But be aware that I’ll be demanding further details about this at a later date.”
“I can live with that. Now, I asked you both to meet with me because last night I got some information that may or may not be a big fucking deal. I need you both to confirm that I may have something here and then help me with getting all the facts. I asked you two because I can trust you and you both know how to uncover a good story.”
She pulled out the camera and showed the photographs to the pair of them. The mischievous smiles they both had on their faces quickly fell away as their brows furrowed at the sight in front of them. 
“Robinson and Crichton?” Danny asked. “And this was at the Mayor’s event last night?”
“Yeah,” Carrie confirmed. “I saw Robinson slink in and did a little stake-out. Crichton followed behind and they had a heated discussion in the bathroom. Sadly I couldn’t catch what they were saying but it didn’t sound good.”
“How not good did it sound?” 
“The phrase ‘career suicide’ was tossed around. It’s that level of not good.”
“Well, that removes ‘friendly chit-chat’ from the list of possibilities. What are your thoughts on this?”
“It’s not uncommon for these kinds of cross-campaign discussions to take place, although they usually happen in an office and not a toilet,” Carrie said. She remembered the panicked expression on Crichton’s face and the clear unease in their voices as they talked, even if she couldn’t quite hear every word being said. 
“You think Robinson wants the Mayor’s endorsement for comptroller?” Lucy asked.
“Probably but now wouldn’t be the time to ask for it.” Carrie shook her head. “Whoever wins the Democratic primary has the win in the bag but Republicans don’t endorse Democrats a day into the race. Any word on a possible Republican candidate, Danny?”
“Nothing yet. It’s seen as a waste of time, more necessary posturing than anything else. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Democrat ended up running unopposed, in which case, the Mayor’s gonna go for Crawford over Gelman. Everyone knows that.”
“That still doesn’t make sense for this. If the endorsement’s guaranteed then why lobby for it and why do so before the GOP have even announced their plans for that race?”
“Besides,” Lucy added, wiping her mouth clean with the back of her hand. “It’s not as if the Mayor’s endorsement is a hot ticket these days. He’s only polling better now because the Democratic Mayoral primary is a step away from turning into the Real Housewives of New York.”
“So back to square one?” Danny asked, knowing the answer was no. Carrie knew they were both thinking the same thing – they often were in situations like this – but they preferred to tease it out of one another, playing the cryptic card just in case.
“Let’s go back to Robinson here,” Carrie said, tapping her fingers on the wooden table top. “He’s been making a shitload of cash since leaving public office and he’s sat out a lot of the big elections. If Crawford wanted to get back into the political game, why would Robinson advise him to enter a race that so few people care about?”
“Makes it easier for him to win?” Lucy theorized. “It’s a way humbler step back onto the ladder than aiming for the big guns like Mayor or returning to the Governor’s race.”
“Usually I’d agree with that argument,” Danny chimed in. “But in a primary full of jokers and middle of the road charisma vacuums, Crawford could feasibly win that race. Nobody’s pumping big money into any of those candidates and Crawford, as much of a sexist creep as he is, still has a lot of goodwill with the party. It’s not like Robinson to aim low.”
“That’s what gets me,” Carrie agreed. “Robinson is fucking terrifying but he gets the job done. He could storm that Mayoral race with any candidate he wanted, we all know he could. There’s more than one man behind that decision.”
“Be careful where you tread, Carrie Stewart,” Danny warned her. “If you want to continue this train of thought, you’re gonna need some hard evidence.”
Carrie nodded. She knew all too well how things could end if she got even the slightest detail wrong. Her career would be in tatters and the reputation of The List in similar disarray. The nature of her relationship with Marcus would also undoubtedly come to light. Nobody would ever take her seriously again and she’d be forced to abandon the passion that she had worked tirelessly on for so many years. The image of her mom and step-dad, failing to hide their disappointment at the news, entered her mind. That would hurt most of all, and yet she couldn’t stop now. The desire for the story was fuelling her and she couldn’t let a potentially life changing lead slip through her fingers. In that aspect, she was a true hack.
“Come on, Monti,” Carrie said teasingly. “It’s not like you to be so cautious when the cards are on the table.”
“Hey, where you go I go on this but I’m giving you a fair warning to back out if you need to.”
“No way. I know there’s something here. It’s too suspicious otherwise. Crichton’s dealing with a possible electoral crisis and the Mayor needs all the support he can get. That includes having a team on the same page as him. Gelman doesn’t give him that, not by a longshot. Crawford does and Crichton and Robinson know that. He’s in on that decision for Crawford to run.”
“And now you want to prove it,” Lucy said.
“It’s gonna be a big job. I don’t trust anyone else to help me.”
“I’m flattered, but this does lead me back to the big red elephant in the room. You’re banging Crichton’s deputy. Do you know if he’s in on this or not.”
Carrie paused. She’d been considering the possibility of Marcus’s involvement in whatever potential schemes Crichton had cooking but had no evidence to back that up. It wasn’t entirely unfeasible that he would be left in the dark on a decision like this, especially after the union meeting press conference bust, but his knowing glance and words on the big news breaking the day before Crawford entered the race preyed on her mind. This was politics, nobody was safe or to be trusted. She didn’t trust Marcus, that would be sloppy and pathetically weak of herself. She just wanted things to be straightened out, her own feelings included.
“I’ll find out,” she replied. The smirks Danny and Lucy gave her were all-knowing. “Can it, you perverts.”
“I didn’t say a thing,” Lucy laughed. “I’m with you on this too, sweetie, but if you’re going to even insinuate that the Mayor’s office somehow encouraged Crawford to enter the race then we’ve got a lot of digging to do.”
“Let’s do this.” 
- - -
	Carrie had her nose deep in news coverage of the Mayoral fundraiser for most of the night after her meeting with Danny and Lucy. She poured over videos of the event from newsmakers large and small as well as every photo she could get her hands on. It was hard to deny that the Mayor’s team were running a tight ship and making sure every outlet knew just how well connected and admired their candidate was. Crichton and Castro did their jobs well. Some people in the industry were willing to go to any length for their candidate, as Carrie knew all too well. 
	She couldn’t find a single image of Robinson at the event, not even a blurred shadow in the background. It couldn’t be possible that she was the only person to spot him there. Robinson was good but not even he could make himself invisible. The only evidence of his presence at the fundraiser came from Carrie’s pictures. It was suspicious but didn’t incriminate him in anything. She needed more. 
	The three of them had made plans to investigate further the following day but Carrie was too agitated to wait that long and immediately began looking into campaign finances as soon as she was done with the fundraiser photographs. Big money exchanged hands in this game, especially during campaigns as heated as these ones were becoming. Some donations came to a couple of dollars from eager wide-eyed voters, others ventured into the numbers with multiple zeroes followed by the names of companies known around the world. They said every donation counted but some were evidently more important than others. The game was seldom fair.
	The door knocked behind her, waking Carrie from her trance-like state. It wasn’t exactly late but she wasn’t expecting any visitors. Pulling on her pajama pants, she went to answer the door. 
	“Hey,” Marcus said as he was revealed to Carrie. “I hope you haven’t eaten yet.”
	Carrie looked down at the brown paper bag he was carrying in his arms. The fragrant smell filled her nostrils and she suddenly realized how hungry she was. The combination of Marcus Castro and a bag full of food was ideal.
	“What did you bring me?” She asked, unable to hide her smile. He had never strayed too far from her thoughts, even as she worked to uncover whatever was going down in his place of employment. 
	“There’s a great Vietnamese place a block from my place but there’s no point in ordering all this delicious food and just letting the leftovers rot in my fridge. You seem like the kind of woman who appreciates fine cuisine.”
	“What do you know? For once you actually got something about me right.”
	He entered and began to lay out several little boxes of spring rolls, crispy duck, rice and vegetables, and many other dishes that made Carrie’s stomach ache with hunger. 
	“So,” Carrie said, dishing out some mismatched plates and cutlery. “Do you wanna have that talk you mentioned now or after we eat?”
	“Let’s save it for later. I prefer my dinnertime chat to be more sweet small talk and flirtations.”
	“Is that a code word for ‘interrogation’ then?” 
	“So suspicious, aren’t you?”
	“Cut the crap, Marcus. You’re a press secretary with a GQ profile. I know you too well. In fact, I’d wager that I know you better than you know yourself.”
	Marcus raised his eyebrows as he sat down opposite Carrie and served up some rice. He removed his jacket and let it rest on her couch. His slightly stiff movements suggested he was still recovering from a certain bout of strenuous activity, making Carrie wonder about the state of his back. 
	“That sounds like a challenge, Carrie,” he said. “Go on then. What do you know about me?” 
	Carrie put on her best thinking face and began.
	“Middle class middle child son of a congressman, born and bred in the Bronx. Instilled with a sense of duty but always with a reminder that looking after number one isn’t a bad thing. It’s tough to stand out in a big family so why not follow daddy to Harvard? It’s not like you couldn’t afford it. A name like yours can carry some bad connotations in the Grand Old Party but with the right connections you can really go places. That’s not to say you’re not talented because you clearly are, but knowing the right people helps a lot. You get into campus politics, you make sure everyone knows your name whether they like it or not, so when graduation time comes you’ve got a job lined up and more municipal campaigns to your name than most guys twice your age. How close am I?”
	Marcus’s expression didn’t offer any reactions to her theories. He simply munched on a spring roll, never letting his gaze move from hers. 
	“Most guys in your position – and it is mostly guys in your party, don’t try and deny that – would use that clout to go straight to the big guns in the Senate. You, no, that’s too easy for you. There are plenty of guys like you in those jobs and it’d be too easy for you to get lost in the fold. You want to stand out. You want people to remember your name, and what better place to do that than your home city? The Mayor’s office is a big deal but the deputy position still offers you some flexibility. You can make your name while still having a vague sense of security. You get to charm the pants off the city while Crichton takes most of the heat. Regardless of how this election goes for Mr Mayor, you’re pretty much set for life. Marcus Castro will rise to the top. The real question is what will cause him to fall?”
	She fell silent, filling the awkwardness stemming from Marcus’s stare by stuffing her mouth with food. She wondered how accurate she’d been. Her less than substantial profile of him had required a lot of research but she’d filled in the gaps herself with admittedly pseudo-psychoanalytical bullshit. 
	“Question,” Marcus finally said. “Was the ‘charm the pants off’ line supposed to be literal?”
	“Cute.”
	“I try to be.  And for the record, the faux therapy session was unnecessary. You write for The List, not People.”
	“So that means I was dead on, right?”
	He laughed. “Come on, eat your food before it gets cold, Carrie. Unless you want me to give you the 60 Minutes treatment too.” 
	Carrie shrugged.
	“You could just ask me questions instead. I hear that’s what real couples do.”
	“We’re a couple now?” He asked, the barest hint of hope in his voice. Carrie hadn’t even noticed the slip she’d made until Marcus pointed it out. She shuddered to think what her psyche was up to.
	“I don’t think there’s a word for what we are,” she shrugged, picking the safest answer. 
	“There is a word I’d like to use.”
	“Watch where you tread with this line of conversation, Marcus. It would be a horrendously bad idea for either of us to get caught up in romantics and fantasies that could never happen.” 
	“Carrie.”
	Marcus pushed aside the plates of food to take Carrie’s hands in his, letting his thumb gently caress circles on her skin in a way she found hypnotically calming. 
	“Do you know how much time I spend thinking about you?” He asked. “I find myself getting distracted with thoughts of you. Jesus, this was only supposed to be a bit of fun and now I’m crazy about you!”
	Carrie shook her head.
	“Come on,” she said. “You’re not crazy about me. You don’t know anything about me.”
	“I want to know more. Forget the stupid agreement and its no-strings-attached bullshit. I want us to give it a shot.”
	“A shot at what?”
	“A relationship! You know, going on dates and getting to know one another properly. Is that such a bad idea?”
	“Do you really want me to answer that question? Marcus, there are way too many conflicts of interest in the way of us ever managing to successfully pull off a relationship.”
	“More than there are with us in our current state?” 
	He had her there, she couldn’t deny it. Why was simple fucking an objectively safer option than a proper relationship? Granted, a detached and singularly sexual arrangement didn’t come with the emotional baggage of something more personal, but the pair of them had long since passed any pretences of their situation being one free of emotions. Carrie put her free hand on top of Marcus’s, creating a growing tower that fit together with such ease and comfort that a more romantic part of her dared to believe they were meant to be like that. 
	“How did you do it?” She asked.
	“I’m not following. Do what?”
	“How did you get under my goddamned skin so quickly? You’re the walking talking manifestation of everything I’m supposed to hate and yet all I do is think about you and have these ridiculous delusions about hand holding and pet names and how so fucking good it would be to have you.”
	She took a deep breath, a touch embarrassed that she’d allowed herself to open the floodgates and unleash such a brutally honest wave of word vomit. All of a sudden, she felt very small and exposed, ready to float away if not for the warm and large hand keeping her anchored to the ground. Tentatively, she let her gaze move from the food covered table to Marcus’s eyes, seeing nothing but warmth.
	“If…” She took a deep breath, desperate to hold onto the shreds of courage she had. “If we were to actually do this…”
	“Yes?”
	“It stays secret. At least until after the election.”
	“That’s fine by me,” he replied, barely hiding his excitement. His eyes shone like a child’s on Christmas. 
	“That means no being seen in public together. And the lines between personal and professional stay in place. We don’t talk work. We don’t even ask each other about it. A ‘how was your day’ now and then is okay but nothing more.”
	“Is that everything?”
	“Nope, but it’s all I can think of now. Maybe we can write up another agreement later.”
	“Gotta get it all down in solid paperwork, right?”
	That comment brought about a fit of laughter in the pair of them, one the moment desperately needed. That’s it, Carrie thought. Out in the open, the leap of faith’s been made and there may indeed be a safe landing for us both. She stood up, keeping hold of Marcus’s hand, and gently dragged him towards the couch, sitting down and inviting him to do so. He kicked off his shoes and sat beside her, opening his arms to her as she curled up against him and let her head rest in the crook of his shoulder. 
	They stayed like that for what may have been minutes or hours. Neither really took notice of the time, for they were too satisfied with the simple comfort of each other. Carrie thought about the files open on her now dormant laptop but pushed it aside. It wasn’t that important at that moment. 
	Chapter 12. 
	They didn’t have sex or even initiate the act the night before, choosing to simply strip to their underwear and sleep together in Carrie’s double bed, entwined and utterly at peace. Much to Marcus’s credit, he ordered breakfast for the pair of them the next day. 
After giving Carrie the money to pay the delivery boy, he cleaned up the table of last night’s mostly abandoned feast (making sure to store some leftovers in her fridge in a manner that Carrie’s mom would most certainly approve of) and set the table for the first meal of the day. 
	“Doesn’t look very breakfast-y to me,” Carrie said, staring at the immense sandwiches laid out in front of her. 
	“I’m guessing you don’t eat a lot of Cuban food. I make it better myself, not to brag or anything, but you’re severely short of useable ingredients in that wasteland you call a kitchen.”
	“You try buying anything more expensive than ramen on a freelancer’s budget.” 
	She took a big bite of the sandwich and immediately hummed in approval. Packed between two slices of bread were several slices of ham, succulent roast pork, rubbery yet satisfying cheese, sliced pickles and a generous layer of mustard.
	“Oh that’s good,” she said with a full mouth. “My compliments to Cuba.”
	“Now there’s a phrase I don’t hear a lot these days. I’ll have to make you fritas sometime. It’s never as good as my dad’s, of course, but nothing really is when it comes to food.”
	“I could get used to you buying me food. It’s the true way to a girl’s heart?”
	“So not vinyl records? That’ll be a lot lighter on my own budget. Thanks!” 
	“Hey, don’t let me stop you from completing the collection. For the record, my second favorite album of his is ‘Low’. In case you’re interested.” 
	“Noted.” Marcus shoved about half of his own sandwich into his mouth, discarding any sense of table manners as he did so. Carrie found it hilarious that a man famed in certain circles for his charm and public relations skills would eat like a starved farm animal. The more she chipped away at his overly polished press perfect image, the more she liked what she saw. 
	“By the way,” he said, his mouth half-full. “Forgive me for my intrusions but I happened to see a box in your closet full of some very interesting items.”
	“I assume you’re talking about my vibrator collection, Mr Castro,” she replied casually. “You look surprised. I would have thought this was right up your alley, no pun intended.”
	“Let’s just say it gave me some ideas, although I had no idea a woman needed over ten of the things.”
	“Variety is the spice of life, sweetheart. If you’re nice to me, maybe I’ll let you in on the fun sometime.”
	Her thoughts were filled with fantasies of teasing the beautiful man in front of her with her extensive toy collection until he begged for sweet release, then she would just tease him some more. Finding his limits would be oh so fun, and he hadn’t even seen the rest of her closet.
	“I owe you an apology,” she said, back to serious mode.  “For last night. All that shrink bullshit I was trying to pull was kinda offensive. It was mostly pulled from your web bio and my ass.”
	“No offense taken. I’ve had people say far worse about me. Off the record, of course, but you were about 60% right.”
	“Really?”
	“Yeah.” He finished the remaining bite of his sandwich and continued talking as he chewed. Not even Marcus Castro was charming enough to pull that off. 
“Yeah, my dad played a big role in my life choices but so did my mom and my upbringing. I chose city politics because all the interesting stuff’s happening here on the ground level. It allows me to be a lot more grassroots than DC would. Plus home sweet home and all that. Does this mean I can’t offer my own psychological profile of you?”
	She shrugged.
	“I did say last night that you could just ask me questions. If we’re gonna give this boyfriend-girlfriend thingy a shot, we might as well go all out.”
	Marcus’s joyous smile almost reached his eyes. 
	“Now there’s a word I’m looking forward to using. After the election, of course. So why did you decide to become a righteous liberal journalist? Who’s to blame for that?”
	“I’m to blame for that, thank you very much,” she laughed. “Well, mostly. My step-dad’s a union man who’s totally unable to keep his mouth shut about his political leanings. I used to love listening to him rant about the injustices of the world and how important it was to fight back against it. Combine that with general nosiness and a love of writing and journalism was pretty much the way to go.”
	“Just think what would have happened if he’d left some Goldwater biographies lying around the house instead of Kennedy ones.”
	“As if it was that easy. You want some coffee?”
	“Please. What do you do for fun outside of politics and sarcasm?”
	“I practice my archery,” she said, refilling their cups. “I read books and watch really depressing Scandinavian movies. I like good music and weird performance art that makes my mom uncomfortable. Sometimes when I’m feeling especially brave, I go out and look for company with people who have absolutely no clue about politics. I’m a varied and interesting woman with many layers, I’ll have you know.”
	“I’m learning a lot today,” Marcus said with a warm smile. “May I ask why you have so many tattoos?”
	“There’s a question my mom asks at least once a month. I like them because they’re permanent.” She ran her fingers across the script inked into her left forearm, mentally locating the remaining six pieces. “They all remind me of special times and people I love and moments I really learned something. Those memories won’t go away and neither will these, no matter how many times mom e-mails me discounts on laser removal.”
	After taking a large gulp of black coffee, Marcus stood up and moved in front of the still seated Carrie. Dressed in a baggy pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt that hung loose over her collarbone, with her hair still in a bird’s nest style state, Carrie had never looked more appetizing to him. 
	“So the last time I checked, I’d seen six of your tattoos,” he explained, taking Carrie’s forearms in his hands. “Two of them are here.” His thumbs rubbed against the words of wisdom. “One down your back. ‘So it goes’ on your foot. One on your thigh and one on your hip. What am I missing?” 
	As she stood up, Carrie casually removed her t-shirt, revealing her braless chest and the final tattoo that had somehow missed his gaze. Marcus’s hand timidly hovered in front of her topless form before she grasped it and led him to the elegant script that followed the line of her left breast, from her armpit to the center. 
	“To thine own self be true,” he read aloud. “Now that one I do recognize. I think this one might be my favorite.”
	“I wonder why,” she sighed, relaxing into his touch as he trailed the path of her tattoo back and forth, his free hand resting on her hip. The remains of breakfast were soon forgotten and the pair of them embraced, arms tight around one another and lips pressed together, their kiss turning increasingly feverish. 8am wasn’t too early for this, Carrie silently decided. Besides, she wasn’t due at work for another hour. With total ease, Marcus lifted her up, allowing her to wrap her legs around his waist, and carried her back to the bedroom. Before they could cross the threshold, a buzzing sensation began in the pocket of Marcus’s pants.
	“Ignore it,” Carrie urged him, running her hands underneath his shirt, taking in the feeling of scabbed over scratches with her fingers. The memories that resurfaced only left her more eager, even as Marcus’s cell phone kept buzzing. After a few buzzes, he lay her gently on her unmade bed and pulled it from his pocket to see who had rang.
	“It’s the office,” he whined. “I really should answer.”
	Carrie hummed affirmatively, although her decision to slowly pull down her sweatpants in front of him wasn’t the encouragement he needed. Fighting the urge to fling his phone out the window, Marcus groaned and answered.
	“Hey,” he sighed. “Yeah, I know I’m late. I had to deal with private stuff. Private as in none of your goddamn business, okay? Yeah. God, okay. Look, I’ll be in before 9. Fine, 8:30. You fucking owe me one.” 
	He hung up and swore under his breath. Carrie fought back a similar urge.
	“Sorry,” he said. “I could kill my boss right now.”
	“Off the record, of course,” Carrie replied, trying to hide her disappointment. “You’ll just have to wait then. Delayed gratification and all that.”
	“Highly overrated.” He pulled on the remainder of his clothes, each piece abandoned on the floor around him, and got ready quickly. Clearly he was used to making himself presentable under stressful circumstances. “I’ll make it up to you, I swear.” 
	“Yeah, you’d better.”
	The road block to their plans brought Carrie’s own thoughts to a halt and she was struck hard with the reminder of Marcus’s important position and the photographs in her possession. She imagined the phone call he’d receive upon any article of hers featuring Robinson and Crichton. The reality of the situation dawned on her. 
	“Hey,” Marcus said kindly, leaning over to kiss away the frown that had formed on her face. “I will make it up to you. I may even cook for you. My basket of charm and talents has no end.”
	“I know,” she replied. “Marcus. We keep work and us separate, right?”
	“100%. No shop talk, no workplace gossip, no sly jokes. We go back into the real world in our roles as dreaded enemies. You worried about someone finding out?”
	“No. Well, yes, but not just that. I just wanted us to be clear that what goes on at our jobs is totally different from what we do together as a… y’know, as a couple thingy.”
	“You mean as boyfriend and girlfriend?”
	“That’s what I said.”
	Marcus laughed.
	“You can write as many hit-jobs of me as you want. An indictment of my politics isn’t an indictment of me, although if we have any domestic issues I would prefer that you keep that out of The List.”
	Carrie felt no less alleviated of her fears but smiled away the worry lines from her face. 
	“I have to go now,” Marcus said, grabbing his bag and pulling Carrie to her feet. “I’m so happy that you said yes to this. I’ll do everything to make sure you don’t regret it, I promise.”
	“Don’t get all corny on me, Castro. Now go before I change my mind.”
	He kissed her and left, like the routine of a husband saying goodbye to his darling wife on a typical Monday morning, leaving half naked, extremely aroused and in a state of simultaneous panic and bliss. Times like this called for a distraction and what better way to do that than engage in some good old fashioned journalistic investigation? 
- - -
It was typical for the offices of The List to have multiple televisions broadcasting at once, each turned on to a different news channel. It helped to give the team an idea of what each network, from local to national, considered ‘breaking news’ and how a certain story was covered with a specific agenda. It also meant that the typical volume of the office was close to eardrum shattering, a noise that became truly deafening on baseball days.
When Carrie turned up for work that morning, two minutes before 9am, the only channel broadcasting was MSNBC, where Raul was sitting on a roundtable panel, wearing a camera ready suit, opposite Eddie Robinson.
“Jeez, you could have texted me to let me know about this,” she said as she took a seat next to Lucy. 
“I did. Three times. You never texted back.”
Carrie checked her phone to find that Lucy was right. Maybe blasting the iPod on the subway isn’t the best idea for effective communication, she thought.
“Sorry about that. Busy morning. What are they discussing?”
“Crawford’s so-called rehabilitation. Guess which side our dear editor’s on.”
“He looks so weird in a tie. It’s like putting the President in a halter top.”
“I’ve become increasingly concerned with just how quickly Crawford and his team seem to be winning over a number of people in the media so quickly,” Lucy whispered. “It doesn’t help that Gelman can be combative and that’s being spun as hot-headed liberal lady with no self-control. Sexist jerks.”
“Of course Crawford’s getting more national attention than Gelman. People only know who he is because he can’t keep it in his pants. Few people on the ground care about this crap.”
“I hope so because Crawford’s on Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night. That certainly won’t hurt him.”
“Gelman’s team can just go on the offensive, play up the angle of Crawford caring more about his celebrity image than the people of the city, and get her on a few local panels with real New Yorkers. It’s the comptroller race, it’s not rocket science.”
“Angling for a new job or something?”
“Hardly.”
“Good, because I have something to show you in regards to our new story.”
“Great. Let’s do this.”
The pair of them moved away from the growing crowd of TV viewers and headed towards a quieter corner of the office where Lucy had dumped her bags and laptop. Carrie felt very thankful to have someone to share this process with. Keeping this secret as well as her newfound relationship would be just too much for someone in the business of revealing secrets. 
“I was looking up Robinson,” Lucy explained, opening up a few windows on her laptop. “And I remembered this article we’d written about a month ago on how he’d officially signed on to advise the Democrats in the upcoming Texas Governor’s race. That’s a big race for them, one they could potentially win with the right cards on the table. Why would Robinson leave that to go to some pissing comptroller race that means jack shit to the party? He’s a self-serving maniac but he’s also loyal to the blues.”
“Very true,” Carrie replied, looking at the on-screen photo of Robinson shaking hands with some State Senator whose name escaped her. “Crawford’s a good friend but no political strategist would willingly take such a downgrade without a good reason. What do we think is in this for him?”
“I want to say money. I hate to quote blogs as a source but the rumblings about his growing debt and desperation to take on more after-dinner speaking gigs have been floating around for a while. Crawford’s not short of a few bucks.”
Carrie shook her head. “It still seems too simple. We need to get a better look at things in the Crawford camp. I’ll call Danny and see what he can do. We’re gonna need details of who’s sucking up to Crawford and endorsing him because I’d bet my savings that some fingers are going into some pies here.”
“You have savings?”
“It’s a figure of speech, Lucy. God, I need some coffee. It’s too early in the morning for this kind of scheming.”
“Agreed, but it’s a hell of a lot more stimulating than my main job today. Guess who’s manning the magazine’s Twitter account today?”
“Ah yes, the true reason we went into journalism,” Carrie laughed. “Forget pitching articles on the War or Women or anything useful like that. I’m gonna get all my shit done today then call Danny. He knows some people in the Crawford camp and we’re gonna pour over the campaign finances later.”
“Sounds like a real party. Hope you’re not cancelling plans with company to do so.”
Carrie rolled her eyes. Lucy wasn’t even trying to be subtle with her leading comment. 
“So,” Lucy continued. “Did you ask him if he knew anything?”
“The two of us… We’ve decided to draw a very distinct line between personal and business, with no overlap whatsoever.”
“Well, that sounds way more committed than casual fucking. Dare I ask for more information?
“You could ask, and I could tell you to get lost. I’m going back to my own desk to work.”
“You don’t have a desk.”
“Then I’m going to steal someone else’s desk and work.”
Carrie ignored the kissing noises Lucy made as she walked away but could quite repress the smile forming on her face.
- - - 
The day’s proceedings at The List had been long, laborious and full of the kind of yawn-inducing activities passed off as journalism that made Carrie yearn for blogging to outright kill the traditional model out of spite. After Raul returned from the studio, freshly incensed by his full-on encounter with Robinson, he organized a team to investigate the Crawford camp further, particularly the women involved, and Lucy gamely volunteered for the job. This left Carrie on Twitter duties for the remainder of the day, meaning several hours of almost constant online abuse with varying degrees of explicitness. Carrie changed her mind and hoped that all forms of journalism, traditional and online, would die quickly so she could go live in a troll-free cave. 
Leaving the offices, she texted Danny to let him know she was on her way and in desperate need of a reminder as to why she got into the business of hacks in the first place. A response promising food lifted her spirits. As she briskly walked down the crowded streets, she considered writing a quick e-mail to Marcus, but decided against it. Their need to be cautious demanded constant vigilance, and she knew it wasn’t uncommon for aides or assistants to handle their boss’s cell-phones or e-mail accounts. Marcus would just have to wait until ‘Stewart’ called later.
Danny’s house in NoLiTa was a good walk and subway journey from the city bureau of The List. On warm, light nights like this, Carrie was only too happy to enjoy the journey, soaking in the atmosphere of the city she’d called home since arriving as a student from Ohio. She thrived in this epicenter of life and action, a place where millions of things were happening around her and she would never be able to see everything the city had to offer. 
While waiting at a crossing, she dug through the bottomless pit of her satchel and looked for her iPod, preferring to walk to music. Once she pulled it from her bag in a brief moment of triumph, the lights turned green and she crossed with the crowd. She caught a short glimpse of a man waiting on the other side of the road, well dressed with an umbrella in his hand. No bells rang in her head as she passed him. This was a city built on well-dressed men crowding the streets. 
Her suspicions quickly arose as she walked down the block and turned the corner towards the nearest subway entrance. In the reflection of a shop window, she saw the suited man again, and he was most definitely heading in her direction. While the possibility of it all being a coincidence crossed her mind – people had to go places in many directions in this city, after all – she kept her guard up and increased her pace, clutching her satchel like a safety harness as The Prodigy blasted in her ears. 
The possibility of a coincidence left her thoughts as she waited on the platform for the subway and saw his face in the crowd at the other end. She chanced a glance in his direction to catch him looking at her for the briefest of moments before he quickly looked away. Trusting her instincts on this one, she came to the conclusion that this man was following her. 
She put away her iPod, the musical distraction too much at this point, and pushed herself into the throng of disgruntled passengers making their way onto the train, trying to camouflage herself amidst the crowd. Going straight to Danny’s place was out of the question now. If she was indeed being followed then she couldn’t lead this stranger straight to the home of her friend and cohort. Squashed between two standing passengers, each towering over her, Carrie tried to formulate some sort of plan. Working under pressure was one thing but doing so under circumstances as strange and potentially dangerous as this was entirely new territory. She had friends, acquaintances and regular haunts in most of the city, some areas more than others, but she didn’t want to drag anyone else into her mess. Whatever was going on, she would have to deal with it herself. No Lucy, no Danny and certainly no Marcus.
Her destination was two stops away, but she decided to get off early, following the crowd onto the platform, clutching her bag for dear life as she walked as quickly as she was able to. She refused to look behind her until she was at least in the open air, and once she did, she saw that familiar suited figure several feet in the distance. All pretences of discreetness had been thrown away and he was following Carrie with determination, as if he wanted her to know he was onto her. 
The panic struck Carrie like a tsunami and she moved from walking to sprinting down the sidewalk. Nothing mattered anymore except getting as far away from this creep as possible. Danny’s house was a good twenty minutes away, so she needed to hide or at least find a safe space for a while. Even as her legs screamed for release from the constant pounding of the pavement and her breathing became painful, she couldn’t stop running, looking desperately for a moment of respite. 
Taking a risk, she practically dived into the nearest café on the street corner, keeping her head down and ignoring the strange looks she received from the baristas. She attempted to regain control of her breath and, as calmly as she could manage, made her way to the bathrooms. By the door for the ladies’ room was the open entrance to the kitchen. Carrie could see the back door to the alley way in her sight, blocked only by one harried kitchen assistant waiting on something in the oven. There was no time to think of a smarter idea, Carrie decided, and she sprinted through the kitchen, barely registering the yells from the kitchen girl, and barged through the backdoor into the garbage can filled alley. 
Curling up behind one of the jam packed cans, the juices of days of food waste dripping onto the ground, Carrie pulled out her cell-phone and called Danny. He could come and pick her up and they could go somewhere safe, if anywhere was safe now.
Chapter 13.
“Well,” Danny started after hearing Carrie’s account of events. “That’s what my mom would call a glorious storm of shit.”
Carrie nodded, sipping on the hot chocolate Danny had made her, the warmth slipping down her throat and bringing her a much needed sense of calm. After making her swift exit through the kitchen, Carrie remained in hiding behind the trash until Danny collected her, searching for her from the vaguest of descriptions. They drove around for a while before stopping at Danny’s childhood home, thankfully void of parents for the week. 
“Who do you think he was working for?” Danny asked. “Robinson? Crichton? The Mayor?”
	“I’ve no idea,” Carrie admitted. Each possibility seemed as ridiculous as the next. “I wouldn’t put it past Robinson to go all James Bond on this job but why go straight for me? I’m a nobody in this.”
“You don’t think he knows what you know in all this, do you?”
“How could he? Unless he actually did see me at the fundraiser. If he did then he waited long enough to deal with it. God, I’m so freaking paranoid now! I don’t even wanna go home. What if they’re staking out my apartment or something?”
Danny opened his mouth to say something but decided against it.
“What?” Carrie asked, noting his hesitance. “Don’t hold back now.”
“Carrie, have you considered the possibility that a certain Mr Castro might be involved in all this? I mean, I know you said he’s just your friend with benefits, if you could even call him a friend, but he is employed by the big guys on the other side. You didn’t tell him anything about this, did you?”
“No, not a word. Besides, I don’t think Marcus is involved with this.”
“How do you know? How can you trust him on this?” 
“I just… Look, this is a fucked up mess we’re in. I mean a mess I’m in,” Carrie rambled, becoming a touch too agitated. “Whatever’s going on, I just don’t see him being a part of it. He’s a foot-soldier, a loyal goon, nothing more. And I’m not just saying that because he and I are… Oh god, what the hell am I doing?”
Carrie let her head slump onto the table. She resisted the urge to thump it repeatedly against the wooden surface as Danny’s hand stroked her hair in a comforting fashion. Her friend did have a point, one she couldn’t deny in the face of reason. There was nothing ruling out Marcus’s involvement in whatever scheme Robinson and Crichton were cooking up and she had no reason to trust him beyond sheer romantic fantasies. Despite her best interest and the constant companion of cynical common sense, she had begun to warm to the handsome deputy press secretary and had become fully committed to being his girlfriend, even though the word sat oddly in her mind. The prospect of the man she had woken up next to in the morning, the one with a warm touch and a disarming smile that promised so much, being involved in a plot to stalk her across the city weighed heavy in her heart. 
“You’ve got it bad, haven’t you?” Danny asked, his voice totally void of judgement. 
“Can we please talk about something else?” She asked, wiping her bleary eyes. 
“Now that you mention it, there is something else we need to talk about.”
Danny opened up his laptop to a screen full of names and numbers. Carrie recognized the seemingly never-ending list as a record of campaign contributions. She had a copy of these files from the Mayoral re-election campaign on her own computer but had yet to read over them herself. She’d found herself somewhat distracted recently.
“I don’t need to tell you what this all is,” Danny continued. “Lieutenant Governor Crawford’s campaign’s been doing pretty well in terms of donations. A lot of lump sum donations coming in at the $4950 limit per person, and I mean a lot of them. But that’s expected for a candidate like Crawford. He’s got good friends with deep pockets in the city.”
“This is a lot of money for a comptroller primary,” Carrie added.
“More money than Gelman’s pulling in. I hope her team knows how to work a thrifty campaign. But look here. This donation is listed to a Mr Mike Corden of Brooklyn. The only Mike Corden I could find listed in the area is the owner of a tiny pizzeria in the borough. Look, here’s his website.”
“Hmm.” 
The site looked like it hadn’t been updated in a few years and was littered with spelling mistakes. The photograph in the center depicting the pizzeria showed a rundown building with flaking paintwork and a sign in serious need of replacement. 
“That is not the website or business of a guy willing to hand over five grand for a comptroller primary,” she said. “Any other donations like this?”
“I’ve counted at least twelve so far. Seriously, twelve maximum donations made by people ranging from a mailman to a kindergarten teacher. Call me suspicious but the minimum wage is not that kind these days.” 
“So assuming this train of thought is the right one, where’s the money coming from?” 
“Now there’s an infinite list of possibilities. Wherever it’s coming from, it’s someone with a lot of it and the means to organize this kind of laundering. If you want me to speculate, and of course you do, I’d say go with the obvious: gangsters or an ally politician.”
“Hmm,” Carrie muttered again. “Gangsters would know how to stalk someone in a less conspicuous manner.”
“And that genius logic leads us to one conclusion. I don’t think I need to tell you what it is.”
Carrie chewed on her lip, knowing the theory Danny was throwing around. It all added up in her head: the secret bathroom liaisons between Robinson and Crichton, the sudden introduction of Crawford into a race he had no business being in, the suspicious donations flooding into the campaign. She knew she was working on assumptions and the barest bones of evidence but she’d done marvels with far less. 
“We’re gonna need more evidence,” she said firmly. “Throwing around this kind of accusation at the Mayor’s team is dangerous enough but if we get it wrong then we may as well jump in the Hudson now. How do we even begin to look into this?”
“The first place to start would be the lion’s den, so to speak. I know a few people in the Mayor’s office who are sympathetic to an old hack’s ear. But first, you have to speak to your Mr Castro. Honestly, I’m not sure being around him in any capacity while this goes on is a good idea. You know, that whole conflict of interest thing.”
“I know,” she replied, more sternly than she intended. “It’s just more complicated than it really has any right to be.”
“You have feelings for him?”
“It would probably be best if I don’t answer that question.”
“Then it’s really not as complicated as you think it is.”
“I need to go home,” Carrie sighed, eager to move the conversation away from the elephant in the room. “I’m not sure it’ll be safe though. What if they’re staking out my apartment or something?”
“I’ll call Lucy and have her check out the place. The less people we tell about this, the better. Keep your editor out of it until we know we can talk about this without a libel suit.”
- - - 
Lucy found no sign of surveillance vans, suspicious suited figures or potential assassins around Carrie’s apartment block, but it did little to alleviate her growing panic, so Danny’s couch beckoned, although her night was almost entirely sleepless. She went into the offices of The List the next day, driven in by Danny, yawning and looking over her shoulder every few seconds. Work gave her something to focus on for a change and she threw herself into a story on a potential feud building in the Senate over Iran. She still hadn’t called Marcus, although he had left her a few achingly sweet texts that made her heart bounce and her gut twist. She had long since moved past denying her growing feelings: she had it bad for Marcus Castro, and it had already begun to cloud her usually crystal clear judgement. The lines of personal and professional had blurred beyond definition and all hopes for them to remain separate were but a distant memory. 
“Fuck”, Carrie said under her breath, realizing she’d spent a good few minutes staring gormlessly at her computer screen and an unfinished sentence. So much for finding focus in your work, she thought, taking a large gulp of black coffee before getting back to typing. 
“How urgent is that article?” Raul asked from behind. 
“You pitched it to me so it’s up to you, I guess. Why?”
“New York 1 called and they requested you specifically for a panel discussion at 5.”
Carrie successfully fought the urge to groan and turned to face her editor, who looked more harried than usual. 
“What’s the discussion on?” She asked.
“The Mayor’s just edged the lead in the most recent polls.”
“Oh goody.”
“And since you’re on the enemies list…” 
“That’s a long fucking list,” she interrupted Raul, who continued talking.
“They’re hoping for some good TV from the token liberal, I guess. You up for it?”
“Go on then. It’ll be nice to have more stuff to put on my reel.”
“You have a reel?”
“It also doubles as proof to my mother that I’m gainfully employed in some capacity. Let me finish up this piece and I’ll get on it.”
“Great. Tear the fucker apart.”
“You don’t ask for much, do you, boss?” 
- - - 
Carrie had never intended to go into television after graduating. Many of her fellow students had been primping and practising their best TV voices for years but the old school allure of the written word on newsprint and the growing shift towards the blogosphere led Carrie to focus all her energies away from TV. Of course, the world of news and headache inducing punditry still held a certain allure, even if it did mean she couldn’t do her job in her underpants and make-up free. As she sat at the round-table, frozen in place as a make-up woman dabbed her with various concoctions, she ran over some talking points in her head. 
While she had been mostly concerned with the increasingly strange comptroller campaign, the big race itself for the Mayor’s office had taken an interesting turn. As the uninspiring pool of Democratic candidates fought for supremacy with little new brought to the table, the incumbent Republican found himself ahead in the polls for the first time in months. It was only by two points and everyone seemed far too willing to ignore the typical three point margin of error that came with such polls, but it was enough to get the media outlets screaming. 
“Carrie Stewart?” A voice asked from behind. 
“That’s me. Can’t turn around to see you right now.”
The news anchor approached, impeccably dressed with perfect backcombed red hair. She looked like the kind of newsreader more commonly found in the 80s but she wore it well, even if her teeth were a little too polished.
“Thanks for coming in so quickly,” she said, shaking Carrie’s hand. “I’m Linda Jones, I’ll be chairing this debate.”
“Good to meet you.” 
The make-up lady finally finished making Carrie presentable and moved onto Linda, although Carrie could swear the woman was already wearing make-up. 
“This’ll be a panel of four,” she explained. A little crowded, Carrie thought. There was bound to be a lot of yelling by the end of it. “There’s you, Chris Boxer from the Post, Carter Phillips from Councilman Ellis’s office and Marcus Castro from the Mayor’s team.”
“Marcus Castro?” Carrie asked incredulously. 
“I believe you two have already met once or twice, right? Maybe you’ll finally get an answer out of him over the union talks.”
Carrie didn’t believe in God, but at that moment she still took time to offer a silent prayer that, if there were any omnipotent forces out there listening, they grant her some mercy and open the ground up beneath her feet. At that moment, as if prompted, the aforementioned press secretary entered, flanked by an exhausted looking aide. Marcus, as always, looked camera ready, and only slightly surprised to see his girlfriend at the table. 
“We meet again, Ms Stewart,” he said, holding his hand out to her. “I hope you’re well.”
“Likewise,” Carrie mumbled, afraid to say anything else less she slip up and reveal something to the world, and settled on her handwritten notes sitting in front of her. She shook hands with the other guests as they arrived but didn’t join in with the friendly small talk taking place as they waited to record their segment. Even though none of the other guests seemed to notice the tension building between her and Marcus, she felt like the entire world knew. Even in her oddest relationship moments, nothing came close to the agonizing pain of having to sit through a political roundtable with the man she was dating. 
“We’re ready to go in 5… 4…”
The on-set runner’s voice brought her back to life and she readied her game face, desperately trying to ignore the man two seats away. 
“Thank you, Barbara,” Linda said in her best newsreader voice. “Joining us now are Chris Boxer, columnist with the New York Post, Carter Phillips, the campaign chief of Democratic Mayoral Primary candidate Councilman Roman Ellis, Carrie Stewart, journalist with The List, and Marcus Castro, the deputy press secretary for Mayor Milton. Thank you for joining us here today.”
The panellists all mumbled back thank yous. 
“Let’s start with you, Mr Castro,” she continued. “The most recent polls conducted by New York One have Mayor Milton leading by two points. While nobody’s out of the woods just yet, that must be encouraging for the campaign.”
“We try not to obsess over poll numbers but yes, we see this as a step in the right direction for the campaign,” Marcus replied, in full professional mode. Carrie hadn’t seen him quite like this for a while and she much preferred his less guarded state. “Voters are tired of dog and pony show politics and that’s all the Democratic primary has been from day one. No candidate can match Mayor Milton in terms of qualifications, skills and a stringent ability to get the job done, and the people of the city see this clearly.”
“Mr Phillips, your candidate is currently leading in the primary polls but by a very narrow margin. Your thoughts on Mr Castro’s comments?”
“Thank you, Linda, and let me be clear that this race is far from over. There are many more months of campaigning to go and it’s not unusual at this stage in the race for leads to come and go. Mayor Milton’s complacency on a number of issues has been noted by the voters, if you look at the specifics of the polls everyone else seems to be ignoring. He still has questions to answer and he must answer them.”
“Mr Phillips,” Marcus took over again, commanding the table with the kind of skill that most people in politics could only pray for. “While your concern for the Mayor is duly noted, nobody has time for these distractions from the clear problems with your own candidate. Councilman Ellis may talk the talk but when it comes to his voting record on issues like infrastructure and redevelopment in his own borough, he doesn’t walk the walk.”
“Mr Phillips is right that it’s not unusual to see the leads in the race change frequently,” Linda added. “Carrie, your magazine does extensive coverage of polling in these races. What are they saying?”
Carrie noted the use of her first name from the host after she referred to all the men by their more professional surnames, and fought back the urge to say something as she gathered the details of the story in her head and organized them properly.
“It’s very true,” she said, hoping her voice didn’t waiver. “And the typical three point margin of error still applies to Mayor Milton’s lead. This is a race where the voters don’t really know what anyone stands for. After four years, Milton’s previous slogans of fairness and greatness in the Big Apple ring hollow with the gap between rich and poor widening. But the Democrats have yet to organize to show what they offer that’s different from the status quo. Besides, the Mayoral race isn’t even the most interesting thing going on in city politics right now. The Democratic primary for comptroller is the most intriguing.”
“In what way?” Chris Boxer interjected loudly, scoffing with obvious derision. Boxer was a typical center-right mouthpiece, one who craved attention through incendiary rhetoric and a lack of volume control. His voice set the hairs on Carrie’s neck on edge. “Most people in this city don’t even know what a comptroller is. All they know about that race is that a shamed former Lieutenant Governor is running and feminists everywhere are in hysterics over it. Anyway, no Republican has won that job in decades.”
Carrie fought the urge to roll her eyes. Normally, such men didn’t warrant a reaction from her, but she had little choice at that moment in time. 
“Actually,” she said, emphasis in her voice. “This could be a make or break deal for the city. You have Gelman, a noted liberal favorite of the left with support from mostly women and minorities, and then you have the Blue Dog fiscally conservative Crawford with name recognition and more support from his party than his opponent. His campaign donations have been huge too, way more than Gelman’s. If he wins this, it benefits Mayor Milton way more than any Democratic candidate.”
“It’s just a stepping stone for Crawford,” Boxer sneered, becoming more insufferable by the second. “He’ll serve his term then run for Mayor himself. He likes the cameras more than anything else.”
“Mr Castro,” Linda interrupted Boxer as his voice turned to a whine like that of a wounded dog. “Mayor Milton has not yet endorsed a comptroller candidate but with rumors swirling that the Republican Party will not run a candidate in the race, it would make sense for him to give his support to Lieutenant Governor Crawford, yes?”
Marcus laughed, the kind of laugh one only heard someone was trying to hide something or deflect from growing unease. A proper politician’s laugh, Carrie thought.
“The office of comptroller is of utmost importance, whether Mr Boxer believes that or not, and the Mayor will endorse a candidate in due course. Right now, our priority is the job at hand, and Mayor Milton is determined to get as much done for the people of New York before they go to the ballot box.”
“Let’s talk strategy,” the moderator said. “Obviously, this Mayoral race isn’t going to be a walk in the park for anyone…”
While Linda chatted, keeping her tone pleasant but still serious minded, Carrie could see Marcus in the corner of her eye, his focus straight on the moderator. She wondered if he was as conflicted as she had grown to be, or if he was more secure about their burgeoning relationship. In the power stakes of their relationship they claimed equality but in the real world he held all the cards. Even now, he fit in so effortlessly with the discussion and people listened to him, while Carrie had to contend with coded sexism and straight up laughing in her face. Her line of work required a thick skin but there was only so much she could cope with, and if her story led to digs into her private life…
“Carrie,” Linda said, breaking her internal panic. She realized that she couldn’t remember a word of the conversation that had been happening around her, and she shuddered to think how gormless she looked on camera. “Since you seem to be such an expert on the upcoming comptroller primary, do you think the notoriously hot-headed Councilwoman Gelman can fend off this competition from Lieutenant Governor Crawford, a seasoned professional with a top team behind him?”
“I wonder if you would have called Gelman ‘hot-headed- if she were a man, Linda,” Carrie responded, barely hiding her own irritation. “Anyway, big money only takes you so far, and Gelman’s also a seasoned professional when it comes to policy and grassroots campaigning.”
“It’s going to be an interesting campaign season for everyone,” Linda replied, bringing the round-table to an end. “My thanks to you all for coming today. We’ll be keeping an eye on all the races in New York this year so check out our website…”
As her time on air came to an end, Carrie was once again reminded of why she preferred the written word to television; at least when people talked down to her, she didn’t have to be in the same room when they did it. The five of them took turns shaking hands and thanking each other, as was expected, and began to remove their microphones and leave. Marcus came to her last, extending his hand to her with a professional smile that revealed none of their secrets to the outside world.
“It was a pleasure seeing you again, Ms Stewart,” he said. After a moment’s hesitation, she shook his hand firmly.
“Likewise. Have a good evening.”
She didn’t wait for any other words from him, simply choosing to walk away before she said or did anything stupid. As she descended the stairs of the studio into the reception area, her cell buzzed in her pocket. Pulling it out, she saw a text message from “M”, the name she’d logged Marcus under in her contacts. It wasn’t especially subtle but it did the job. 
You okay? The message read. A simple question but an incredibly loaded one. Carrie’s fingers hovered over the screen, pondering several possible replies, all of which dissipated from her mind once she raised her head and her eyes locked with those of Andrew Crichton. 
It took all of her strength not to stop dead in her tracks when his suspicious gaze focused on her, eyes narrow and clear intent in his eyes. He knew something; that much was obvious. What he knew and how much he knew was a different matter. Unable to scuttle away as she wished to, Carrie simply nodded politely and continued to walk away, pretending she didn’t notice as he picked up his own feet and began to move towards her. Before either of them could pick up the pace, Marcus appeared, calling out to Crichton jovially. She didn’t turn around to see the pair of them meet but she heard their voices over the general chatter of the studio reception and left them to it, her mind increasingly plagued with paranoid thoughts of the possible political schemes her boyfriend may be involved with.
Boyfriend.
She let the word roll around in her head, as foreign to her mind as it was to her tongue. She’d said it out loud but couldn’t entirely accept it as being her current reality. The boundaries of her life, the clear sentiments she had bound herself to for so many years, seemed irrelevant now, and after what felt like an age of self-certainty, she no longer knew for sure what she wanted in her life. How could she when she so willingly embraced that which would undoubtedly end horribly for everyone involved, including herself? She could already feel echoes of the heart stomping pain that would engulf her once the Crawford-Crichton fiasco reached its climax, for she knew that it would, and yet she couldn’t change direction now. Despite everything, she didn’t want to give up now.
Her cell-phone still in her hand, with Marcus’s e-mail open and waiting for a reply, she quickly tapped out a response.
My place 2nite if u can make it.
Chapter 14.
Marcus replied that he could make it but would probably be pretty late, as to be expected from anyone in that line of work. Carrie had always been somewhat surprised that he’d managed to spend as much time with her as he did considering he was working in arguably the busiest office in the city. While waiting, she knocked out several puff pieces for her second editor and tried to distract herself by listening to David Bowie as loud as her neighbors would let her. The Ziggy Stardust vinyl still sat by her record player. More than anything, she wanted to dash down to the range and fire off some arrows, but her bow sat in its case by the door. 
She waited until after midnight for him to arrive, her eyes fighting sleep as the ringing of the bell spurred her out of her semi-conscious state. Without bothering to talk, she buzzed him in and waited by the door expectantly, like a carnivore tracking its prey. Marcus had barely made it through the door before she pounced upon him, her lips ravenously kissing his face. It took Marcus a few moments to register what was going on but soon he was lifting her into his arms, the bags he had been carrying abandoned on the floor, and moving the pair of them towards the bedroom. 
They barely separated long enough to remove their clothes, almost tearing at the fabric as if it were tissue, before embracing again, not so much kissing as engulfing one another. They tumbled onto her unmade bed and Carrie straddled Marcus, gripping his muscled thighs with her own softer ones, leaning over him and drinking in the sight. Already his hair had broken free from its forced and overly gelled neatness. Coupled with his reddened cheeks and wild eyes, he looked positively primal. 
“Carrie,” he gasped. She placed her fingers over his lips before he could say anything more, trailing her other hand across his outstretched arm to where he held a condom wrapper in his grasp. She was hungry for this. They both were, but Carrie needed it as much as she needed to breathe. She wanted to practically devour Marcus, and he only seemed willing to let her, arching his body forward to kiss her bare breasts. His hard-on pressed against her thighs and Carrie snaked her hand down to cup his balls, making his groans vibrate on her clammy skin. 
They were both moving so quickly, hands scrambling across skin, nails scraping against limbs as they searched for untouched parts of their bodies. This passionate moment, this great experiment of romance, had long since consumed the vestiges of common sense in Carrie’s mind. Nothing mattered except for the scramble to touch, to feel, to experience all this man below her could offer. 
Ripping open the wrapper, she quickly sheathed his hard-on with the condom and, with no desire to prolong the moment, pushed herself onto him. The sensation of being filled, the instant surge of pleasure that warmed her as her shuddered gasps escaped from bitten lips, completed her. She kept her eyes closed tightly, shutting out all vestiges of light, and let her body guide her movements, moving back and forth atop Marcus, thighs clenched against his and hands wandering wherever they could reach skin. 
“Oh,” Marcus let out, a noise that sounded entirely foreign coming from his beautiful mouth. His eyelashes fluttered like hummingbird wings against Carrie’s shoulder, the most delicate of touches yet it seemed to take over her body. The nipping kisses he spread across her collarbone trailed towards her neck, where Marcus bit down with just enough pain to make her wince. As he moved forward to sit more comfortably, his cock shifted at just the right angle against Carrie’s clit to elicit moans and shivers. 
“Yes,” she gasped. “That’s it. Don’t stop.”
She didn’t think either of them could stop if they tried. They moved erratically together, their movements finally meeting in some kind of passion driven synchronicity. Clambering for something to hold onto, Carrie flung her arms around Marcus, clutching at his back, dripping with sweat. Under her palms, she could feel the remnants of the scratches she had left him with. The marks she had given him, and that had reduced him to a whimpering mess, were still there, but not for much longer. They would heal and soon he would forget he ever had them.
That thought almost drove Carrie to ruin. She couldn’t have that. Not now.
With a ferocity that could never be described as human, she dragged her nails down his back over and over again, relishing in the noise of scraped skin. She thought of marring his perfect body, her mark being upon him forever, hidden underneath expensive suits that rubbed against his scratches every time he moved. Nobody would ever see those marks except for her, she thought, filling her head with the embraces of the future. It was almost a relief to think of Marcus so freely. Only now did she realise just how much she’d been blocking him from her thoughts over the past few days. Marcus Castro had become a full blown obsession and she adored it as much as she loathed it, liberated by her desire yet powerless to contain it. But here, in her bed, she had control, even as Marcus’s teeth locked onto her neck, nibbling and sucking and undoubtedly leaving a huge mark on her pale skin.
Her climax came in a rush, punctuated by a barely audible mewl and a muffled groan that followed soon afterwards. Neither of them moved from their positions for a while afterwards, Carrie’s fingers following the newly formed marks on Marcus’s back as he kept his mouth tight against her neck. They slumped down onto the bed in a web of limbs that welcomed the cool of cheap cotton sheets. Finally, Marcus’s teeth left her neck and he licked at the mark left behind. With a gentle touch, he coaxed her head around to meet his, blowing softly on her eyelids until they opened. 
“Hey,” he whispered, kissing away the lines of tension that had formed on her face. “You okay?”
The euphoric buzz had quickly begun to dissipate, her previously crippling hunger sated, and now Carrie was left with the cold hard reality of their situation. She nodded anyway, although Marcus didn’t look convinced.
“Come on,” he continued, his voice so soothing and blissful. “Is this about the round-table? I swear I didn’t know you were gonna be there. I never want you to feel uncomfortable with this. Still, it was pretty nice to see you all fired up and not taking any shit.”
With a sigh that seemed to leave her entire body deflated, Carrie slumped back into Marcus’s arms, unable to look him in the eye. 
“This is perfect,” he said, and Carrie could tell that he believed it to be true. Suddenly, she forced herself out of his arms, grabbing a nearby corner of the sheet to cover her chest. 
“What’s wrong?” Marcus asked. “Was it something I said?” 
“I like you so much!” She exclaimed, her voice louder than she had intended but now she found herself unable to stop the stream of words flowing from her mouth. “I like you so much and it’s fucking with my head! You’re a smug jerk who had everything handed to him and gets away with bullshit I never could and yet I have to force myself to stop thinking about you 24/7! I keep thinking about how happy and grossly domesticated we could be even though I know it’s all bullshit. I’m not supposed to be like this; I hate feeling so… Oh god, I can’t even say it.” 
“What?” Marcus asked, wide eyed and bemused. “Carrie, I don’t understand. Say what? What the hell is going on?” 
“It’s not love,” she sighed, flinching as Marcus tried to rest his hand on her shoulder. “But… But I want that. Fuck, I want it so bad. I want you and I can’t have you.”
“What do you mean you can’t have me? Carrie, you’re my girlfriend. Remember?” He laughed. “We were pretty explicit about that part.”
Once again, he tried to comfort her with his touch and this time she relented under his palms, fighting back the urge to give in to her senses and dreams. He gently guided her back to rest against his chest, toying with the thin fabric she had covered herself with. 
“I totally get it if you’re getting cold feet,” he said against her ear. “But please believe me when I tell you that the brief times we’ve been together have been some of the best moments in my life. I remember walking away from that press conference where you verbally beat the shit out of me and thinking ‘Wow, who’s she?’ I had to get to know you in any way I could, and you’re even more wonderful than I ever could have imagined.”
His hands found hers and he stroked figures of eight across her palms while his lips found their place on the mark on her neck. Once again, Carrie was reminded of how comfortable she felt with him, and the simultaneous sensations of joy and terror that realization brought out in her. 
“I know we haven’t known each other for very long but this feels so right,” Marcus continued. “I want this. And I want you. I’ve never wanted anything in my life as much as I want this. I’ll do anything to make you happy. I promise you.”
Carrie couldn’t help but let out a little laugh. Marcus’s words, so sweet and filled with the kind of passion most women could only dream of, filled her with a sudden sense of something she had never expected. 
“I believe you,” she replied. “I didn’t think I would but I completely believe you.”
“Well that’s good progress, right?” 
“Marcus.”
She turned to face him, still clutching to her sheet but her eyes focused on his, each silently daring the other to flinch first. 
“I trust you,” she continued. “I really do. That’s why I’m doing this.”
“Doing what?” Marcus asked as Carrie rose from the bed, letting the sheet fall to the ground as she fetched her laptop from the next room. He smiled with amusement at the sight of his tattooed girlfriend completely naked with such determination in her eyes. She slumped back onto the bed and handed him her computer.
“Am I supposed to understand what’s going on here?” He asked lightly. 
“These are the campaign donations for Crawford’s comptroller run,” she explained.
“And? No offense but this isn’t really my ideal post-sex discussion topic. Besides, I’m not Eddie Robinson.”
“For that, I’m thankful. Marcus, I know we said we’d keep work separate from us but I can’t do it anymore. This is too big and it’s gonna hit us all not matter what I try to do to stop that. Look, these names here for all these big donations, I have reason to believe they’re fake or at least the donations aren’t really theirs.”
Marcus’s brow furrowed as he browsed down the long list of names and figures. 
“I haven’t confirmed this yet, but I’d bet my career on it.”
“Look, I don’t wanna undermine your investigations, but you’re gonna need a little more than this to convince anyone that something dirty’s going on in the Crawford campaign.”
Carrie heard the unsaid ‘to convince me’ in her head. 
“It’s not just this.” She took a deep breath and pushed flyaway hairs behind her ears. “I think one of Eddie Robinson’s men followed me.”
“You think?”
“I know this sounds stupid but some guy followed me from my work and I had to hide in a fucking alley until my friend could come and pick me up! I know it was him. Or…”
“Or what? Carrie, are you in trouble?”
“Or it was Andrew Crichton,” she murmured, bracing herself for his reaction. His brusque laugh still stung a little.
“Crichton?” He asked incredulously. “As in my boss? What the hell does he have to do with this?”
“That night at the fundraiser, I saw him and Robinson talking in the bathrooms. They didn’t sound good. Why would the manager for another campaign be at an event for a guy in the rival party? They’ve worked together before and we all know Robinson isn’t above this shit. I know this sounds ridiculous but I also know that I’m onto something here.” 
The silence that followed went on for far too long, Marcus’s narrow eyes glued to the screen in a stony expression Carrie could only describe as cynical. She weaved her hand onto the keyboard and opened up the files containing the photos of Crichton and Robinson arguing in the bathroom. The images were what made Marcus’s eyes widen.
“This is from the fundraiser?” He asked. 
“Yeah.”
“How did you get these?”
“I had to climb on top of a trash can outside the bathroom,” she admitted. “It wasn’t my most glamorous moment.”
“Did you hear them talking?”
“Not exactly. It was too muffled for that, but they definitely didn’t sound happy. The term ‘career suicide’ was thrown around.”
“And you’re absolutely sure that this couldn’t have been a perfectly civilized conversation between two acquaintances or something?”
“Well,” she stammered. “No, I’m not a hundred percent sure, but I know what I saw and it didn’t look civilized. I know what I sound like but I also know that trusting my instincts is the way to go. There are too many unanswered questions here, don’t you think?”
Marcus didn’t respond. He didn’t even look at her. Carrie pulled the sheet around her body again, her shoulders slumped as if the weight of the world had suddenly been dropped on them.
“You don’t believe me,” she sighed, more of an answer than a question. Marcus didn’t protest. “Of course you don’t.”
“I didn’t say that, Carrie,” he protested, albeit weekly. “Come on, you’re asking me to accept a lot here on not a lot of evidence. You’re a journalist. You wouldn’t print a story based on these kinds of bare bones conclusions, would you?”
“No, but I’d trust my team to keep going with what felt right.”
“Don’t start that.”
“Start what?” She asked, suddenly feeling very offended. “Start asking questions? Newsflash but that’s my job too. I know what I saw and I know I was followed and I know that it’s pretty fucking weird for campaign funds to have these kinds of holes in them.”
“And what if you’re wrong?” He fired back. “What if you go in there, firing shots and it turns out you made a huge mistake? You wouldn’t torpedo anyone’s career but your own. And then what?”
“I won’t do that. I’m not stupid.”
“No, you’re just digging around in dangerous territory.”
“Whoa, is that a threat, Mr deputy press secretary?” 
“Do you really have that little faith in me?”
“About as much faith as you have in me.”
Carrie realized that now was the wrong time to be naked, and leapt off the bed to retrieve some clothes. Marcus quickly followed suit, but the growing tension only increased. 
“Carrie,” he sighed with obvious irritation. “This isn’t just about you. This is my life too. I may work for an asshole but he’s one who sticks to the law. Same for Crichton. Politics isn’t populated by corrupt monsters like you think it is. What, do you think I’m involved in all this mess too?”
“I didn’t say that. I’m not here for you to pull that shit with me.”
“Then why am I here?”
“Because I care about you!” She screamed, bringing the room to silence once again. “I like you and I love us and I trust you, even though it’s the world’s worst fucking idea. I’m in way over my head when it comes to you and I don’t know how to handle it. I might be wrong on this but I might be right too, and that’s bigger than us right now. I intend to pursue this story to the bitter end, even if it turns out I’m just a paranoid bleeding heart liberal; and I hope that by the end of it all, you’ll trust me and maybe…”
She found herself struggling with hoarse voiced tears, which she forced back with coughs and attempts to subtly swipe away the fogginess forming in her eyes. 
“Maybe you’ll trust me,” she repeated, her voice almost giving out. Thankfully clothed, the pair of them looked at each other with pain on their faces and wrenching pain in their hearts. They stood only a couple of feet apart but there might as well have been an ocean in their way. Carrie went to reach out her hand to him but he quickly stepped away, grabbing his things and heading for the door.
“Marcus, please,” she whispered, not sure if she was able to speak any louder. 
“This isn’t the end,” he said, sounding sincere. “I just… I need a little time, okay? Okay?”
“Okay,” she replied. She didn’t believe him. 
“I swear. I’ll come back here, to you. I will.”
Marcus left her apartment, closing the door quietly behind him. To Carrie’s surprise, she didn’t cry, even though tears threatened to spill from her eyes all night. Instead, she slumped back onto her bed and slept, the burning light from her laptop her constant companion. 
Chapter 15.
Carrie woke with a heavy heart but knew what she had to do. Right now, her priority was getting the story straight. She needed to do this, to focus all her energies on getting the job done. Her instincts weren’t much but they were her driving force and they always had been, from her earliest days of muckraking and beyond. Marcus may have given up on her, despite his words to the contrary, but she refused to give up on herself. 
Leaving the apartment with her headphones blasting Scandinavian dance music and the hood of her jacket covering her head, she marched down the sidewalk more determined than she had been in what felt like years. Now was not the time to take to her bed in distress like a Regency heroine. Now was the time to be the kind of woman that struck fear into the hearts of the guilty. She thought of the words on her back, the ones that had made Marcus laugh, and took comfort in them.
Maybe she wouldn’t change the world, but dammit she would definitely embarrass the guilty.
She stopped on her way to the office in a local deli, feeling the urge to fuel her crusade with an appropriately gargantuan sandwich. Leaving the deli with a meat loaded sub that would probably sustain her for the rest of the day, she turned the corner and headed towards The List. She didn’t notice the battered car following her until it rolled by next to her along the street, the back window open to reveal a vaguely familiar face. 
“Hi there,” the man said. “May we offer you a ride somewhere?”
Carrie ignored them, choosing to focus her energy on her incredibly satisfying sandwich. If her mother had taught her nothing else in life, she would at least honor her promise to her to never get into cars with strange men, especially those wearing sunglasses during the day.
“Come on,” the man continued. “New York’s a dangerous place. We wouldn’t want anything bad to happen to you.”
“Dude, have vague threats ever worked in your favor when it comes to propositioning women?” Carrie laughed, her mouth half full with sandwich. “Here’s some advice for free. Take off the sunglasses and drop the stalker act next time.”
“Come on, Miss Stewart. It would be a whole lot easier if we could do this civilly.” 
The mention of her name stopped her dead in her tracks, and the car came to a halt alongside her. Her appetite evaporated in an instant. The man in the car looked extremely satisfied, and it was then that the memory rushed back into her mind of a shady figure following her down many streets in a hidden chase.
“It would be easier for us to do this now before you get ahead of yourself, wouldn’t it, Miss Stewart?” 
It was a terrible idea. Possibly the worst idea she’d ever had, and she knew that, yet she still got into the car. Her scornful mother was pushed out of her thoughts as she shut the door behind her and tried to avoid making contact with the smug creep who kept his sunglasses on in the dimly lit car.
“Good morning, Miss Stewart,” a voice opposite her said. “Or can I call you Carrie?”
“Oh,” Carrie said, dumbfounded to find herself sitting opposite Eddie Robinson. His forebodingly large frame filled up the majority of his seat, yet he remained comfortable and dominated the cramped space. 
How are things going at The List?” He asked. “I hear those sales numbers are still slipping. Sad to see such a fine publication sliding like that.”
“Ms Stewart,” she said as forcefully as she could. “You don’t get to call me anything else. Now, if you don’t mind, may I ask why the hell you have me in the back of your car? It’s not the most subtle form of intimidation. I honestly expected better from you, Mr Robinson.”
“This is just a chat, Miss Stewart. Nothing more.”
“Yeah, and hell’s just a little hot. Can we please get on with whatever it is you want to do so I can finish my sandwich?”
“I see you’re just as combative as you were during that press conference.”
“Coming from you, I’ll take that as a compliment, Mr Robinson.”
“Tell me, Miss Stewart, are you familiar with a Mr Daniel Christiano Monti?”
Carrie chewed on the inside of her cheek to prevent herself from reacting to the mention of her friend’s name. She should have expected this. It was classic Robinson. Everyone in her industry knew about his exploits, and those were only the ones that had been confirmed. The rumors were even worse, enough to strike fear into the hardiest hack, and here Carrie was locked in a car with the man. 
“Never heard of him,” she replied as casually as she could manage. 
“If that’s the best you can do, Miss Stewart, then you’re in the wrong profession,” Robinson laughed, their eyes level but he still managed to look down on her in the most patronizing way. “Monti, aged 34, a correspondent for public access channel Manhattan Neighborhood Network, lives in NoLiTa four blocks down from his parents. He was arrested today for attempting to bribe public officials for information and we found e-mail correspondence between the pair of you on his phone and computer. Now, how do you explain that, Miss Stewart?”
Carrie knew that in situations like this, ones where she was well and truly fucked, the best thing to do was remain completely silent, even as the urge to spit in Robinson’s face grew with each passing moment. The bread of her sandwich quickly became crumbs between her agitated fingers.
“Looks like we’re on the same page now,” he continued. “Mr Monti is a good man, and usually a solid journalist. I’m sure this little slip-up could all go away if we just learned to get along. Don’t you agree?”
Still, she said nothing. She couldn’t bring herself to utter a single syllable to the man in case she said something truly controversial. They both knew what was going on; Eddie Robinson had well and truly won. He hadn’t said anything incriminating, nor had he made any solid threats, and he had Carrie cornered with the revelation about Danny, who really didn’t deserve to be caught up in all this. While she doubted the authenticity of Robinson’s claim, it wouldn’t have surprised her to find out Danny had been bribing people for information. He truly was a means to an end kind of journalist. Then again, even if Robinson could make the charges go away now, what was there to prove he wouldn’t bring them up again once he had what he wanted? How could Carrie combat this when she stood miles beneath the man?
“This can all be fixed very quickly, Miss Stewart. You know what you have to do.”
Carrie sighed, knowing with a heavy weight in her chest that this was it. 
“Okay,” she murmured. “It ends here.”
“While your words are touching, I’m afraid they hold little weight with me. I’m going to need you to hand over your computer, your hard-drive and your cell-phone to my associate here. You’ll get them back soon. We just need to… Clean the house, so to speak.”
“Fine.”
She practically shoved her laptop bag into the hands of Robinson’s weasel of an assistant then dropped her cell in his lap, essentially losing all form of contact with anyone for who knew how long. 
“The hard-drive’s in there,” she said. “It’s your lucky day.”
“No, Miss Stewart, it’s your lucky day. Now you can go back to your regular life without all these silly little complications. Maybe politics just isn’t for you.”
“Can I go now?” She asked through gritted teeth.
“I believe we’re at your stop now.”
Actually, they were a good five or six blocks from The List offices, but she needed to get out of that car now so she darted out the door as soon as the vehicle came to a half and ran, her hands formed into tightly balled fists that threatened to thump passing walkers. It wasn’t until she was a few blocks down that she noticed she’d been heading back towards her apartment, subconsciously craving the bare minimum of security it offered her. She could get to work and deal with Raul tomorrow. Without a cell, he wouldn’t be able to contact her anyway. 
That was it, she told herself. It’s all over. There’s fuck all else you can do. 
- - - 
Raul chastised her for ignoring his calls, something he quickly apologized for when Carrie told him she’d been robbed on the streets coming to work. It was a half-truth but she couldn’t exactly tell him what really happened. Instead, she buckled down at a desk computer, one that was only a couple of years out-of-date but might as well have been constructed by cavemen, and typed furiously. The sentences became increasingly longer and nonsensical, with little connection to the original topic of a low income housing project in Brooklyn, but she needed the kind of catharsis that only came with unfiltered word vomit. Her co-workers seemed to notice her frenzy and avoided her as much as possible throughout what felt like the longest day, and even Lucy made sure to give her some space after quietly dropping off a large cup of decaf. 
While Carrie wrote more words in one day than she’d ever managed before, most of them were unusable and that only left her feeling more frustrated. It felt like the cherry on top of the crumbling cake that was her journalistic career. She could take the knocks her profession threw at her – it was as much a requirement as the research and quips – but never had she been left feeling so battered and guilt-driven by a job before. Not only had Eddie fucking Robinson and his entire conspiracy humiliated her, they’d dragged her friend into the mess and possibly ruined his own career for life.
Then there was Marcus. 
She wondered if he had tried to call her after he left, and if he had been frustrated by her ignoring him and decided to just give up on whatever brief joy they’d had together. She wouldn’t have blamed him if he did, she realized. Maybe he’d ratted her out to Robinson and that was how he’d acted so quickly with her and Danny. That thought left her head as quickly as it entered it. Marcus wouldn’t do that to her because… Well, she thought, shaking her head. He just wouldn’t.
She trusted him. 
She loved what she had with him. 
She loved…
No, she told herself. It categorically wasn’t love but more like the glimmers of potential, the buds that could bloom into love with enough care and attention. That potential had been enough for her because it felt so good. At times it left her euphoric, desired, and worshipped. It even left her feeling powerful. 
Now she was hollow, her only company the echoes of the too near past in her memories. 
The end of the day soon beckoned and she packed up her things, ready to go home and do whatever it took to distract herself from the growing numbness inside. With her rucksack slung over her shoulder, she headed towards the exit. As she pulled open the door, she almost stepped onto the toes of a tall and very welcome presence.
“Carrie!” 
“Marcus?” She replied, surprised she could hear herself over the sudden increase in her heart rate. “What are you doing here?”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I doubted you and I’m gonna fix this.”
“Fix what?”
Before he could respond, he grabbed her wrist and dragged her towards the editor’s office. People looked up from their desks in bemusement as they saw one of their own being pulled around by the Mayor’s deputy press secretary. Raul appeared just as confused as his staff by the new presence in front of his desk.
“Can I help you?” He asked cautiously.
Marcus shoved a bag into Carrie’s hands, one she quickly recognized as her own laptop case, and slammed a series of flash drives onto the table. 
“It’s all there,” Marcus said. “Everything you need to know about Crawford’s funding and the Mayor’s role in it. You were right, Carrie.” He turned to face her, regret pouring from his eyes like mist on a lake. “I never should have doubted you. You were right. So right it hurts.”
“What the hell is going on?” Raul asked, growing increasingly impatient. 
“Yeah, I’d kinda like to know too, Marcus,” Carrie added. “I’m a little confused.”
“Sorry. It’s been… It’s been a long 36 hours.”
He wiped his eyes and Carrie quickly guessed that whatever Marcus had been up to, it had taken his toll on the usually polished and camera ready man. The bags under his eyes spoke volumes about his lack of sleep while his eschew tie and rumpled jacket-less suit sat awkwardly on his slouching form. 
“Okay. Let’s start at the beginning,” he said.
“Side note to Raul,” Carrie interjected. “Marcus and I have been dating. Don’t give me that look now, we have more important things to deal with.”
Raul quickly dropped his look of shock as Marcus launched into the story of the decade. 
“I had a look at some figures in the office yesterday,” he started. “Just some campaign donations to the Mayoral election fund. Everything seemed fine until I noticed some big names were missing. I’d helped to log a few big donations from our last fundraiser but they weren’t on our files, not the ones we make public anyway. This was weird but could have meant anything. A simple filing error or something. Anyway, I did some more digging through the files and found more discrepancies that didn’t add up. A lot of these donations seemed to have gone missing, especially the big ones.”
“How did nobody notice that before?” She asked.
“He gets a lot of big donations. You take a few fish out of the ocean, people don’t notice. I didn’t have any solid proof but I knew who would, so I went through Crichton’s e-mails.”
“You can do that?” Raul asked, sounding cynical.
“It’s my job to have access to whatever the Mayor needs me to. At least, it was my job.”
“Did you get fired?”
“No. I quit. I had to, I mean, I couldn’t keep working for these crooks once I found out what they’d been doing. God, I feel like such a fucking jackass.”
Carrie stroked his hand gently, trying to ground him. The rising star in city politics had torpedoed his own rising career in the name of what was right. Maybe neither of them were cut out for politics. 
“What did you find?” Raul said, leaning towards the pair of them in his chair.
“Milton’s known Crawford for years. They go back a while and he’d supported Crawford after he got caught being a pervert in office. He was worried about the lack of allies running for office in the city this year and Gelman’s run was gonna cripple his own re-election process. Well, that’s what he thought. He needed a dark horse in the race, one who had a chance of winning and who had some name recognition.”
“Step in Lieutenant Governor Crawford,” Carrie finished his thoughts.
“Yep. He jumped at the chance but he needed money to get it off the ground. Robinson was called in on Cricthon’s suggestion. He had the idea to take some from Milton’s campaign and declare it officially as Crawford donations under some new names. It was all there in their fucking e-mails. How goddamn smug do you have to be to be so open about that kind of lying? I was beside myself. I had to call you and tell you what I saw, but when I called your cell…”
He pulled a phone from his pants pocket and handed it to Carrie.
“It was in his office,” he explained. “Just sitting on his desk. I asked for an explanation and got some bullshit about fixing problems. God, I freaked. I thought he’d… I thought he’d done something to you.” 
“I’m okay,” she reassured him. “I promise.”
“So I quit. I packed up my desk and walked out. Well, I cleared out a few files before doing that. It’s all in there, every little detail. You’ve got your story, Carrie.”
Suddenly overwhelmed by everything that she’d just heard in such a short amount of time, Carrie let her body slump into the nearest chair, her bag in one hand and the other grasping Marcus’s wrist. It wasn’t over anymore, not by a long shot, and that thought left her with an irrepressible smile on her face, one that seemed to unnerve Raul.
“Okay,” her editor said, taking stock of what had just happened. “Let me just sort out my mind here. So you two are dating and you, my employee, have been sitting on top of not only the biggest story in city politics in years but a major potentially career ruining conflict of interest too?”
“Well, if you wanna put it in so many words, yes,” Carrie joked. Raul didn’t find it funny. “Raul, it’s a bit more complicated than that.”
“How long have you two been seeing each other?”
“Technically? Do you mean dating or seeing each other in the other sense?”
“Forget I asked.” Raul turned to Marcus. “How do we know you’re trustworthy?”
“I just threw myself under a bus and will probably never be employed by the Republican Party again, and I’m handing over the entire story to a filthy liberal publication. Is that good enough?”
“You can trust him,” Carrie assured Raul. “I trust him.”
“That’s cute, Stewart. Okay, let’s do this. I’ll get a team on it.”
“This is Carrie’s story,” Marcus said forcefully.
“This is Carrie’s story,” Raul repeated. “But she needs a team behind her. No offense to either of you but we can live without the star-crossed lovers angle that will inevitably dominate the story if it gets out. Okay, let’s do this!” 
As Raul stormed out of his office to greet the growing crowd waiting by the door, Carrie and Marcus were left alone, smiling holding hands as if their troubles had never existed. 
“I guess I’m not public enemy number one in the Mayor’s office anymore,” Carrie joked.
“I wouldn’t say you were even in the top 10, Ms Stewart. Still, I look forward to explaining to my dad why I threw in the job of a lifetime. Maybe I’ll go into the stock market or something.”
“Great, I’ve gone from having a soulless political goon for a boyfriend to a soulless money grabbing Wall Street shark.”
“You’d get bored of me if we made it any easier.”
“No, I wouldn’t.” 
She stood up and wrapped her arms around his neck, bringing him crouching down to her level. Their noses bumped together as she stroked his messed up hair, down to his neck and underneath his collar, where the remnants of scratch marks were hidden barely out of sight.
“Are you ready for all this?” He asked her quietly. 
“Nope,” she laughed. “But preparation is overrated. Whatever it is that we have, it’s worth it all. What matters is that I’m ready for this and I’m ready for us.”
“I like the sound of that.”
They kissed, completely oblivious to the tempest of harried journalists behind the office door, the pair of them descending fully and willingly into the euphoric throes of their passion. Those glimmers of potential shone brighter than ever before. 
Epilogue.
After The List broke the story of high office political corruption, Crawford’s political star fell as quickly as it had risen and he pulled out of the comptroller race about half an hour before the police knocked on his door. The NYPD carried out box after box of evidence from City Hall as a line of witnesses and arrestees were marched from the building in cuffs, desperately trying to shield their faces from the barrage of flashing bulbs and screaming press that surrounded them. City politics had never been so unpredictable before.
Carrie appeared on every news network on a rolling basis, telling the story of how she’d uncovered the seeds of corruption and, like the dogged reporter that she was, used her inside sources to expose the Mayor’s dirty dealings. By this point in time, Mayor Milton had followed the same path as his chosen comptroller candidate, although his lawyers were hard pushing the case that his chief of staff Andrew Crichton was the real mastermind behind the entire mess. None of them had anything nice to say about Marcus Castro, the unlikely hero of the left for his refusal to back down to his bosses’ lies.
“Jeez, you’re out of politics for two weeks and suddenly you don’t know how to do your own tie,” Carrie sighed, rolling her eyes. “You’re crumbling like a breadstick, Castro.”
“Hey, unemployment has been hard on me,” he laughed, letting his girlfriend fix his squint robin egg blue tie as they stood in the make-up room of the studios of New York 1. 
“Shut up, you’re starting your new job in a month.”  
While Marcus had joked about Wall Street, instead he had found work with a public relations firm in the city. It was like his old job but with no political bias and way more money. 
“I’m sure you’ll find lots to do to occupy your time,” Carrie continued.
“Is that an offer?” 
He leaned in and kissed her brow, delighted that he could still reduce her to childish giggles with the simplest of comments. They had both smiled so much over the past week, finding it nigh on impossible to succumb to the barrage of nasty publicity that had surrounded them in the aftermath of the story breaking. News had quickly broken of their relationship, although the details offered were more sordid than anything the pair of them had ever gotten up to (“Man, why aren’t we being this dirty, Carrie? This sounds awesome”). The usual jokes were made and the same old assumptions were trotted out but none of it mattered. It didn’t change what had happened with Crawford and Milton, and it didn’t change what was blossoming between the pair of them. 
Nothing could change that now.
“You gonna hang around for the main event?” Marcus asked. “I’m sure you’d love to see Chris Boxer tear me a new one, not to mention your friend Mr Monti.”
Carrie laughed. Danny had quickly recovered from his brief time in custody and walked free with the charges dropped. He was only annoyed that he couldn’t have helped The List break the story, although he received a credit for the work he’d done on the campaign donations. He considered it another worthy step up for public access journalism, even with the arrest.
“Tempting but I have to go back to work. I’m interviewing Lily Gelman tomorrow and I’m hilariously unprepared for it.”
“Yeah, I’m guessing you can’t pull what you pulled with my interview.”
“It’d make me a lot of new friends.”
“Not sure I could share you with a woman who likes socialism as much as she does.”
“You’re such a romantic, Mr Castro. And that reminds me. My mom and step-dad are dying to meet you?”
“Really?” Marcus’s voice waivered and he looked more nervous than Carrie had seen him all week. After a solid period of the return of charisma central Castro, ready for every interview with a joke and a headline friendly comment, it was reassuring to see that he could still worry over something as simple as meeting the in-laws.
“My step-dad has so many questions to ask you about union negotiations,” Carrie replied cheekily. “You two will get along famously.” 
“I’m delighted that you think that. I wonder if he’s read what the Post wrote about us.”
“He’s a sensible man, he doesn’t read the Post.”
“A choice I wish my own mother had made.”
“Mr Castro,” a voice behind them said. “You’re on in two minutes.”
“Thanks.”
“Go knock ‘em dead,” Carrie said encouragingly. “I’ll see you tonight. I’m ordering in the food and then I have something special planned for you.”
“How am I supposed to think straight when you’ve told me that?”
“I’m sure you’ll find a way.”
They kissed again, so used to each other’s’ lips and the sensations of hands across bodies, already aware of each sensitive spot to nibble just so or to ‘accidentally’ scrape with a stray fingernail. They’d explored one another thoroughly and with the utmost dedication during their two weeks of blissful and wholeheartedly confirmed relationship, and yet they always craved more. Carrie wondered if she’d ever stop craving him; and if not she doubted she really cared.
“Oh,” Marcus said as he pulled away. “I have a confession to make.”
“Yes?”
“Councilman Merrygold? He wasn’t present at the union negotiations, but they did end earlier than we would have liked. Because the Mayor halted them about an hour in.”
“I fucking knew it!” Carrie exclaimed, pulling back and punching the air with belated victory. “Oh, validation feels so good.”
“Yeah. Shame it’s all kind of irrelevant now that Milton’s out of office, isn’t it?” 
“That’s not the point, Mr Castro. The point is that I was right, as usual.”
“And I should never doubt you,” he laughed. 
“Damn right.”
“And I will never doubt us,” he said with utter sincerity. Carrie believed it. She trusted him. She loved what they had and she knew that it wouldn’t be long before those glimmers became complete shining stars. 
She fixed his collar, hiding the remnants of a particularly enthusiastic mark she’d left behind on his neck. Underneath his shirt lay a treasure of scratches and bites she’d decorated his body with night after night to match those left behind on her own skin. Now they matched. 
“Ready?” She asked.
“With you, always.”
She watched him walk down the hallway to the studio, shoulders back and strutting with confidence. Once he reached the studio door, she grabbed her things and left the building, with a smile on her face that may never fade away. She was ready to go back to work.
She was ready for anything.
THE END.

