TORN

Book One



SKY CORGAN
Text copyright 2017 by Sky Corgan

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the author.

Sign up for Sky Corgan's mailing list and find out about her latest releases, giveaways, and more. Plus, get a FREE book! Click here!

Follow her on Facebook  & Twitter
Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14









CHAPTER ONE


Man candy everywhere.
The beat is pulsing, and there's a drink in my hand. The flashing lights and hot bodies make me feel more at home than I have since I've been back in town. It's odd that this strange place makes me more at ease than being at my house. I don't want to think about that right now, though. That's precisely why we're here—so that I can forget.
I've been scouring the crowd ever since the conversation died, looking for my mark for the night. If Gloria isn't going to entertain me, then I can certainly think of a different kind of distraction. Perhaps I shouldn't be so selfish. It was saintly of her to come with me in the first place, especially since this isn't her scene. I should be spending my time focusing on making her more comfortable. That's probably close to an impossible feat, though. She has always been timid—always been vanilla. Curious, yes. But not the type of girl who would ever act on those curiosities. If I weren't going through so much right now, I never would have been able to convince her to come here. For that alone, I should be more attentive to her.
Tonight isn't about her, though. It's about me. And I just want to bury myself in the arms of a powerful man. Feel him bury himself inside of me. Fuck all of my pain and misery away.
A Dom in the middle of the dance floor cracks a whip. It draws my attention away from the entrance to the club. The sound makes a pleasant shiver roll down my spine. He's a dungeon master here, dressed in leather pants and a harness. Probably off limits. Just out on the floor to rile the crowd a bit. It's still early, and there are more people sitting around at tables holding conversations than there are participants in the play areas. The real action starts later tonight, but Gloria has work in the morning, so we had to come out early.
“Are you having fun?” I grin across the table at her. 
She looks like a wild animal that has been tranquilized and relocated to unfamiliar territory. Her brown eyes are wide, and her normally plump cheeks look taut. Nothing she could say will convince me that this environment isn't stressing her out.
“It's different.” She bobs her head, keeping her gaze fixed on the dungeon master, who continues to crack the whip every few seconds. The fact that she jumps with each strike, despite anticipating it, is highly amusing to me.
“It is different. It took me a while to get used to it.” Saying that won't make her want to come here again. I'm smart enough to know that. She did this for me out of love, but her sympathy has always had a short lifespan. If I want to come back, it will be alone. “You should drink more.” I nod towards her Seven and Seven, hoping that the alcohol will help her to loosen up.
She absentmindedly lifts her glass to her lips, her eyes never leaving the dungeon master. I can't help but wonder if she finds him attractive. She probably does. He's half-naked and muscular. That's enough to turn on most girls. His features are too hard, though—too serious for me. He looks like the type of guy who scowls and grunts during sex as if it's a workout. Perhaps I judge too harshly. I turn my smirk inward as I sip my beverage. The bubbles from the carbonation tickle my nose. This would not be my choice of libations, but since the club is BYOB, and I didn't see the point of carrying in a bunch of different bottles, I settled for Gloria's favorite. 
The majority of the men here tonight are lookers, and there's a surprisingly healthy mix of leather Doms and business types. I've always preferred the suit and tie Doms—the male equivalent of a lady in the street and a freak in the bed. The good ones always seem more polished. That's probably just projection from appearance, though. I've been with plenty of leather Doms who were equally meticulous. Still, there's something about a man dressed to the nines that gets my blood pumping in all the right places.
I scan the crowd, looking for fresh faces. The line at the door is long, and new people are continuously streaming in, though at a slow pace thanks to there only being one register open to take the cover charge, plus the fact that they have to verify memberships. Gloria and I just purchased our memberships tonight, which made getting into the club take even longer. I went ahead and paid for hers since I knew she'd probably never use it again.
My eyes settle on a tall drink of water near the bar. He has to be at least 6'3, with a thin frame and evenly buzzed blonde hair. The black bondage pants he's wearing are baggy, leading down to combat boots. His vest has o-rings all over it too. I wait for him to turn around, hoping I won't be disappointed by the front of him—hoping he won't be here with a sub. 
“That guy is tall,” Gloria notes.
“He is.” I don't even turn to her. “You know what they say about tall boys.”
She nearly chokes on her drink, though I doubt it's because she's surprised by what I said. We're both perverts, through and through. Even though she's timid, sometimes I think her mind is dirtier than mine. That's probably not true, though. This past year, I've been a real sexual deviant—a completely different person from who I ever thought I would be. Life has worn me down, though, bad experiences cleansing me of the belief that true love exists. Now all I want to do is wrap myself in pleasure, and what better place to do it than where public sex is smiled upon.
“Wow. He's pretty hot,” Gloria says.
She's not wrong. Sir Tall has finally twisted around to lean back against the bar, and he's proven to be rather attractive. In the dim light shining down, I can see that his eyes are a pale shade of blue, his jaw covered with a thin layer of stubble. His outfit is a bit overdone, making him look more like an industrial goth than a Dom, but it also piques my curiosity about what kind of tricks he has up his sleeve. Different can often be good. It can often be bad too.
His gaze shifts over the crowd, momentarily distracted by the televisions on the far wall that are all playing pornography. My heart speeds up as his attention makes its way to our corner of the room. This will be the moment of truth—the moment that I see if he has any interest in me. He could be looking for a potential submissive for the night, or he could be looking for his friends. I'll know soon enough.
Target locked and acquired.
Our eyes meet, and his expression turns darkly predatory. I throw the same signals back at him. It's not a submissive gesture, but more of a challenge. I'm not the type of girl to back down when I see something I want. And I want him. Between my legs. Tonight. 
“Oh my God, he's looking at us,” Gloria whispers as if he can hear us from where he's standing halfway across the room. I can picture her cowering slightly, trying to slide under the table out of sight. I dare not break the staring match to look, though. 
A knowing smirk quirks one corner of the Dom's lips, and then the bartender walks up to him, stealing his attention away from me. Damn it. All it takes is one second—one small distraction—to ruin everything. 
I scowl as the intense moment between us is lost. If I were alone, I'd leave the table and approach him. I'm not alone though. Gloria is with me, and it makes me feel trapped. That thought drives my mood down even further. We came here because I was tired of feeling like a bird stuck in a cage. Now that I'm out of the cage, I've found that my wings are clipped. Coming here with her was a bad idea. I see that now. She's not like my friends back in Utah, every bit on the prowl as I am. She's perfectly content sitting here and people watching—letting so many intriguing experiences pass her by.
For the briefest of moments, I think about being selfish. When Sir Tall turns back around, though, it's not me he's looking at. Two women rush up to greet him. He wraps one arm around each of them, and I'm completely forgotten. My head snaps back to Gloria so quickly that I can feel the tension in my neck muscles.
“Two girls for every boy.” Her eyes widen as if she shares my disappointment.
This isn't uncommon though. It's a pussy fest in here. The ratio of women to men is almost always unbalanced, no matter what club you're in. It can make for slim pickings sometimes.
We spend the next several minutes consumed by awkward silence. Voices ring all around us and the music still blares, but it doesn't provide good company. 
Sir Tall walks the girls back to a table where they all sit together for conversation. It's not long before a bigger group joins them. That tells me that he's a local here. It also tells me that maybe next time my chances will be better. I don't care if he fucks someone else tonight as long as I get my turn. Every good-looking guy in this place is just a potential notch on my bedpost, as far as I'm concerned. 
I finish my drink and pour another. Gloria is throwing them back as well, but it doesn't seem to be making her any bolder. She spends a few minutes looking around the club, and then she drops her gaze to the table and stares at it for a while before taking a drink and starting the process all over again. 
To be honest, I'm a bit relieved when she announces that she needs to leave. Neither of us is having any fun, and while I do want to stay, I know that I should probably get back home. No one else of interest has entered the club since Sir Tall, and I'm not really in the mood to flirt anymore. Sitting idle has drained me of my charisma. If I stay and don't hook up with someone, I'll be in an even fouler mood. 
“Not your cup of tea?” I ask as soon as we've pushed through the solid black double doors leading out into the parking lot.
She takes a deep breath. “It was interesting.”
That's Gloria speak for no.
“It's not for everyone.” I keep my eyes to the pavement while we walk towards our cars.
“Like you said, it probably just takes some getting used to.”
It's a statement filled with false hope. We both know she has no interest in getting used to this type of environment.
We reach our vehicles and turn to each other.
“Well,” she sighs, looking out towards the street, “I'm sorry I couldn't stay out longer.”
“Don't worry about it.” I shake my head. “I'm just glad to get out of the house.”
“I know things are hard right now, but you'll get through it.”
Her sympathy is genuine, but I can't help but feel that she has no idea what she's talking about. I was just beginning to like my life again before God had the good humor to serve me this shit sandwich. Haven't I suffered enough? I don't understand why fate saw fit to throw this on me as well. Back in Utah, I was desperately trying to rebuild myself after I felt like I had lost everything. Now I can't even figure out where to start putting my life back together.
“Yeah,” I reply weakly. “Have a good rest of your night, and drive safe.”
“You too.” She smiles at me, taking the hint that it's time to leave.
I slide into the driver's seat of my car and pretend to fidget with something in my console until Gloria drives off. Then I hunch forward and hug the steering wheel, resting my forehead against my arm. There's an almost acidic feeling in the pit of my stomach. It's all too familiar. The feeling that comes when I know I have to go home and face the grim reality waiting for me there.










CHAPTER TWO


The feeling grows stronger as I approach my house and peaks when I pull into the garage. My eyes are fixed on the door leading into the house, waiting to see if one of my brothers comes out to greet me. Hopefully, they're both asleep. Or maybe they don't care whether or not I'm home. It's not like I was ever around before—ever a good sister. 
I kill the engine and take a moment to lean against the steering wheel again. Every fiber of my being does not want to walk into that house, but I know I have to. Whether I like it or not, this is where I live. This is my life. This is now my responsibility.
I open my car door as quietly as possible though it seems pointless after the creaking of the old garage door and the sound of the car pulling into the garage. I cringe as I press the button to put the garage door back down. My stepfather never took care to oil it, so it seems louder than any automatic garage door ever should be.
Oh well, there's nothing that can be done about it now. If I woke the boys, then I'll just have to deal with it though lord knows I don't want to. They're a reminder of how my life went to shit when my mother married their father. 
Almost the second I open the door into the house, the aroma of Italian food rushes to greet me. The bright light from the kitchen tells me that someone is still awake. And if that weren't enough, the low volume of the television coming from the living room would be the second indication. My stomach flops as I realize I'm going to have to talk to one or both of my brothers, and I suddenly feel angry.
I walk past the stove, scowling and shaking my head at the pan of lasagna left sitting there. Those boys have rocks for brains. Completely wasteful, leaving food out to spoil—leaving a mess for me to clean up when I came home. I'm not sure why I'm surprised, though. Their father was a slob. I guess the apples didn't fall far from the tree, and my mother was too much of a pushover to ever correct their bad behavior. That's part of the reason why I started to despise them. That among other things too numerous to list. 
I round the corner to find Earl, the older of the two boys, sitting on the sofa watching television. He turns, giving me a vacant look, and my eyes flit past him to the screen where a woman is being brutally stabbed to death. Again, I feel a surge of anger race through me. 
I take long strides to snatch the remote from his hand and turn the television off before practically throwing the remote onto the sofa beside him and placing my hands on my hips. “That's not appropriate for you to watch.”
Life jumps into his large brown eyes—the same teen angst I remember filling my own when I was caught doing something I shouldn't be doing. “I'm fifteen. Not ten,” he retorts.
I'm not interested in listening. My house. My rules. My mother might have let them get away with everything, but I certainly won't.
“And what about the lasagna? Don't you have any respect for the people who made it.” I point towards the kitchen. “It was kind of them to do that for us. And you were just going to let it go to waste.”
He stands, towering over me by several inches, his chest so close to mine that we're practically touching. I silently curse that he got his father's height. I won't let that intimidate me, though. After all, he's still just a kid. 
“I left the lasagna out because I thought you'd be hungry when you got home.” He pushes around me, his heavy footfalls filling the silence as he makes his way to the bottom of the stairs and then up them to his room.
My heart pounds in my chest from stress, and the sickness in the pit of my stomach contorts into something else. Guilt. Why did I have to jump to conclusions? Why did I get so angry?
I sit on the couch and turn on the television, trying to numb myself to the emotions going through me. It takes me a few moments to recognize the movie playing, but then I feel even worse. Of course, I had to walk in on the only violent scene in the entire movie. What he was watching wasn't even something bad. Good God, I'm a horrible person.
Tears silently spill down my face, the poison of so many pent-up fears and worries overwhelming me. I've cried every night since I got home, and I can't help but wonder when it will stop. I suppose this is natural, though. I'm still in mourning—will be for a while. And the added stress of being forced into playing the role of mother to two boys who I hate doesn't make things any easier.
I sit there until my tear ducts are empty, looking at the television but not actually watching it. Then, when I feel well enough to move, I go to the kitchen and stand over the stove to stare down at the lasagna. I can still remember the sympathetic expression on the woman's face who handed it to me. She had been a friend of my mother's, one I had never met. The gesture was appreciated, especially since I've never been much of a cook. 
I was a stranger to her, but she knew both of the boys. This lasagna was probably more for them than me. Thinking that makes my eyes well up with tears again. I don't belong here—haven't for a very long time. Why did this have to happen?
I submit to the misery that I knew I would feel when I came home. It's why I didn't really want to leave the club. Sure, I wasn't particularly happy there either, but the unhappiness I felt from being bored was leagues away from what I'm feeling now. There's nothing that I can do to escape it. I can't just run away like I used to be able to. So many new responsibilities weigh heavily on me, crushing me.
With a sigh, I cover the lasagna and take it to the refrigerator. I had plans to eat when I came home, but the emptiness that was in my stomach is now filled with bitterness, guilt, and so many other unpleasant emotions. Plus, I don't really feel like I deserve to eat after what a bitch I was to Earl.
An acerbic smirk crosses my face as I slide the lasagna onto the top rack of the refrigerator. Sending myself to bed without supper seems like a punishment that a mother would bestow. There's no one here to punish me but myself, though. I'll never see my mother again. Never hear her comforting words telling me that everything will be alright. I need that right now. All I can do is repeat the phrase in my head in her voice.
Things are difficult right now, she would say, but you'll get used to them. You have to. You have no choice. 
It doesn't help. It just reminds me of the life I left behind and the freedom that I lost.
I shut the refrigerator door and close my eyes, standing there for several seconds trying to swallow all the negativity inside of me down. What happened, happened. I can't change the past, but I can apologize to Earl tomorrow though I don't want to. Pride is standing in my way of being any sort of good parent or role model—the resistance to change. He deserves an apology though. He did nothing wrong.
After a few more moments spent listening to the sound of my own breathing, I decide to make my way to my bedroom. When I reach the door, I hesitate, looking at the sprawling master suite. It's strange to think this used to be my parents' bedroom, but now it's mine. Something else it will take a while to get used to. 
I close the door behind me and rest my back against it, listening to Earl's footsteps upstairs as he does whatever it is he's doing. A flicker of discontent races through me as I think that he should have gone directly to bed the second he got up there. 
Normally, I would sleep naked, but knowing that there isn't a lock on the bedroom door makes me grab some pajamas before I head to the master bathroom to wash the night's scents off of me. I follow up a shower with a nice long bath, doing my best to relax and think about anything other than the two boys upstairs. Earl has stopped moving around, which makes that task a lot easier. For that, I'm thankful.
By the time I step out of the bathroom, I'm feeling better. It's amazing what soaking in a tub can do for the soul. 
I climb onto the bed and slip under the covers before allowing my thoughts to drift back to the BDSM club, imagining what would have gone on there had I stayed. The sound of the whip cracking echoes in my ears, but instead of sailing out into the open air, I picture myself on the receiving end. The dungeon master doesn't fit my fancy, though. He needs to be replaced with someone else. And I can think of just the man.
Sir Tall is behind me now, his blue eyes sparkling with a sadistic look. I'm tied to a Saint Andrew's Cross, my naked flesh exposed for his marking pleasure. The sting of the whip sends delicious pain racing through me, fire that quickly spreads, culminating at my core. My clit throbs from the heat of it, and all of my thoughts are of having his hands upon me—of seeing what he looks like under those clothes.
“Thank you, Sir,” I whisper. 
He places a hand below my arm, smoothing it over my ribs and feeling my curves before resting it on my hip. His breath is hot against my ear, and I can feel the scratchy material of his pants on my ass—feel his arousal beneath them. His dick is big. Of course, it would be. It would be a sin for a man so tall not to be well endowed. I purr at the thought, my mind fast forwarding until we're both ready for more intimate things.
I'd want him to drive his cock into me hard. No warming me up. No gentle foreplay to help my body receive him. All we'd need is my wetness, and I'm already so wet for him.
My hand slips into my pajamas as I imagine him leaning over me, his large hands enveloping my wrists to hold me down. His expression is carnal with lust. His thick, naked manhood teasingly touching my belly. I nip at his bottom lip, challenging him to continue. He responds by roughly hiking my thigh over his hip and angling himself to enter me. 
I circle my cleft with my index finger, bringing my free hand up to roughly grope one of my breasts. I want him to be rough with me. So rough and uninhibited. I want him to fuck me selfishly like it's his last chance to ever be with a woman. It's always best when men take control, when gentility and consideration are never even a part of the picture. 
“Fuck me like you mean it,” I say while pressing my fingertip against my swollen bud, sending a shiver of pleasure flooding through my nether region.
“You couldn't handle it if I did.” He grinds against me, allowing me to feel his full intimidating length.
I pinch and tug on one of my nipples, intensifying the pleasant feelings washing through me. It won't take much. Maybe I'd even come the second that he put his dick inside of me. 
“Try me.” A mischievous grin spreads across my lips.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
Footsteps pad down the stairs, sending my fantasies and arousal scurrying away into the darkness. Fear and anger return to me like a slap in the face—so quick. My hands recoil from my body to clutch onto the comforter, pulling it up to my chest as if I have something to hide.
I hold my breath, waiting for the footsteps to reach the bottom of the stairs and turn towards my room. With no lock on the door, Earl could just walk right in if he wanted to. Perhaps he will. There's no way to predict what he's going to do. 
The second his feet hit the bottom of the stairs, the floor absorbs the sound of his footsteps. Briefly, I think about getting up to see what he's doing. I'm far too comfortable, though, and to be honest, I don't really want to talk to him again. Not tonight. I've already been through enough.
So I wait and I listen, my eyes flitting to the digital clock on the bedside table every now and then. The minutes feel like hours. Frustration builds inside of me as I silently will him back up the stairs. It doesn't work, though. 
My mind begins to wander. Did he come back downstairs to watch television? Is he getting something to eat? Is he sneaking out? If it's the last of those, I should be worried. Somehow, though, I just don't give a shit. I didn't sign up for this. What do I care if he leaves and never comes back? It's a horrible thing to think, but life would be better for me if that were the case. Then I'd only have one brat to worry about.
I stare at the doorknob and its lack of a lock, my brain growing weary again. Perverted fantasies won't return now that I know how vulnerable I am to being intruded on. There's nothing I can do about Earl unless I get out of bed and go look for him. And I'm not getting out of bed. Not this late. I can, however, do something about my privacy issue. Tomorrow, I'm definitely buying a lock. 






CHAPTER THREE


I groan to life the next morning, wishing I'd never woken up at all. There have been times in the past when I've become suicidal, though never so much that I would actually carry it out. When I heard the news that I'd have to return to Boston and be the adoptive parent to my step-brothers, I'm surprised I didn't find the first ceiling fan to hang myself from. Thinking back, maybe I should have. It's been a very long time since every single day greeted me with such misery. Not since before I moved out of my parents' house. It's a reminder of how poisonous this place is for me. I'm swimming in poison and somehow not dying, yet at the same time I can't seem to build up an immunity to it.
I roll onto my back and stare up at the ceiling, wondering if I'll have to spend the day tracking down Earl. If he's not home, I'll feel obligated to do something about it—to pretend like I care. People are still calling and visiting to give us their condolences. I doubt his absence would go unnoticed. 
Please still be here. This is definitely not what I need right now. 
I have more important things to worry about, like finding a job. That's at the very top of my list of priorities. My parents could not have picked a worse time to die, in the middle of summer when school is out and I'll be trapped with the boys all day if I can't find a valid excuse to escape. Sure, I can afford to take the summer off with the inheritance that they left behind. Maybe it would be the sensitive thing to do. But I feel selfish right now. 
I take my time getting dressed before stealing a glance at the clock. It's 9:30 AM. Probably too early for the boys to be awake if they're both home. I remember sleeping in late during the summer, often until close to noon. That seems like ages ago. I frown, thinking about how much being an adult sucks. 
The kitchen and living room are blessedly empty. The longer I can avoid socializing with the boys, the better. That still doesn't mean I can shirk my duty of making sure that they're both safely in the house, though.
With a sigh, I tiptoe up to the second floor and quietly open the door to Joe's room. I barely even need to crack it before his loud snoring rushes out to greet me. An amused smirk curls the corners of my lips as I think of how overweight he is for his age. The kid is well on his way to sleep apnea and diabetes. He's not going to like the diet I plan to implement once all of the food that people have brought us is gone.
Satisfied that at least one of the boys is accounted for, I close the door and move on to Earl's room. My heartbeat quickens at the thought of opening the door and finding him gone. If he is, I guess I'll have to wait until Joe wakes up and then interrogate him to see if he knows anything about Earl's friends or where he might go. Then we'll drive around town, hoping that luck will be on our side and we'll find him. That rarely works, though. More than likely, it would be a wasted effort. 
I turn the door handle, preparing myself for the stress of seeing Earl's bed empty. The door creaks on its hinges, and I cringe at the sound though I no there's no reason to. I take a step into the room to look around the wall that makes up Earl's closet, and nostalgia overtakes me. This used to be my old room, with posters of bands and clippings from teen magazines on the walls. Now it's dark and messy. The typical teenage girl things have been replaced with white, scuffed-up furniture. There are dirty clothes all over the floor and the scent of body odor is fairly strong. The only similarity is that the wall is still covered with posters, though the bands have changed. 
I hold my breath as my eyes drift to the bed, and then relief floods through me when I find a body in it. Assuming it's Earl, I retreat from the room, shutting the door behind me. Maybe it won't be such a shitty day after all.
Satisfied with my findings, I head back downstairs to make breakfast. I open the refrigerator and scan the contents, thinking about how well stocked it is in comparison to the refrigerator in my old apartment. A bachelorette's refrigerator will almost always look different than a family's, though. I kept only what I needed to survive, which was typically beer, bottled water, milk, and yogurt. There was never anything to make a meal on the spot with. Most of what I ate was takeout and TV dinners. It's a wonder that I don't weigh a thousand pounds. 
Those bad habits are going out the window though now that I have other people to care for. I want the boys and me to be healthier, so I plan on doing a lot of cooking. It's hard to cook when you live alone. It makes a lot more sense to do it when you're feeding multiple people.
I pull out some eggs, milk, and a carton of strawberries, setting everything on the counter in preparation to make breakfast. As I get to work, I hum to myself, thinking about how oddly soothing cooking is. It makes me feel useful. Something I haven't felt in a long time.
Once I'm done making french toast, I slice up the strawberries. Then I take out some condiment cups and fill three of them with syrup, wondering if the boys will actually stand for letting me portion it out. More than likely, they'll just ask for more if they want it, and then what? Will I grudgingly say yes? Lord knows Joe doesn't need the sugar or extra calories. I can't be a food Nazi though. Not this early on. 
After I finish cooking and setting the plates and silverware out, I lean against the wall that separates the kitchen from the living room, staring up at the stairs, waiting for the boys to wake and come down for breakfast. The minutes tick by slowly, and I grow impatient, thinking about how the food is getting cold. Part of me wants to go wake them up, but a greater part of me doesn't want to deal with them.
After a few moments of debating, I decide to make myself a plate and sit on the sofa to watch television while I eat. Once I'm done eating, I take my plate to the sink and boot up the computer in the living room to start looking for work. You'd think that with a bachelor's degree in accounting, I would have no trouble finding a job. They all want you to have experience, though, and it's impossible to get experience when no one will hire you. I had the same issue in Utah. In fact, after graduating from college, I couldn't even find a job in my field of study. I ended up working as a food server in a nursing home all the way up until I got the terrible news that I had to return home. 
To be honest, I didn't mind the work much. I generally like older people. Most of them are nice, and they always have such interesting stories to tell. Working that job made me second guess my career choice. The only reason I went into accounting in the first place was because I thought I could make a lot of money doing it. Once I was in school, though, it bored me to tears. 
Despite realizing I didn't enjoy it, there was no way I was going to quit. One thing I refuse to be is a failure at anything I do. I suppose that's a funny way to think. Even though I earned my degree, I never actually landed a job in the accounting field, so I guess I've failed at that. Still, that's not as bad as not finishing school.
As I scroll through the listings of job openings, it's all the same. Most of the companies want at least a few years of experience. I apply anyway, hoping that one of them will give me a chance. 
Once I finish with that, I turn my attention to the less pleasant jobs, searching for things in the food and beverage industry that I'm way overqualified for. Submitting online applications for those jobs makes me feel sick to my stomach. I'm desperate though—desperate not to have to spend the summer playing mom. Earl can watch over Joe. He's old enough, and I'm sure they'll be fine if I leave them alone together. At least, I hope they will be.
It takes about an hour for me to finish putting in applications. The boys still haven't come downstairs by the time I'm done. I look at the stairway, then back at the kitchen. The french toast I made earlier is probably ice cold now. I suppose that's what microwaves are for, though. 
I slump in front of the computer and look at the time. It's a little after eleven, and I promised my Aunt Alyce that I'd meet her for lunch at Jose's Sombrero at noon. While I should be happy that it looks like I'm going to avoid socializing with the boys this morning, I still feel a bit grumpy that they're not awake yet. It seems that no outcome would have made me happy—a reminder that I just can't win.
With a sigh, I open the desk drawer and pull out a piece of paper to scribble down a note for Earl. Then I take it and set it on the kitchen counter next to the french toast so that he'll find it when he wakes up. Hopefully, he'll be a good older brother to Joe and stick around until I get back. 
Trying not to worry about it too much, I grab my keys and head out the door. The responsible thing to do would have been to wake them up and make them come with me. This is my escape, though, and I'm looking forward to seeing a blood relative without them around. 
I pull up in front of the restaurant and kill the engine, scanning the parking lot for my aunt's vehicle, even though I have no idea what she drives these days. After sending her a quick text message and getting a response, we meet up at the door before going inside. The hug she gives me is the most comforting thing I've felt in a while. Warmth and affection radiates from her, and it reminds me of how I'll never feel that from my mother again, which dampens my mood a little. I try not to let it show as we sit across from each other. 
“You look nice.” She gestures to the white sundress with daisies on it that I'm wearing. 
“Thanks.” I smile politely.
“Where are the boys?”
“I left them at home. They weren't awake yet, and I thought it would be okay to let them sleep in.” I shift my eyes in discomfort, worried that she might be disappointed in me for not bringing them. When I look back at her, she bobs her head, seemingly understanding. 
“So, how have you been holding up?” She unwraps her silverware and drapes her napkin over her lap.
“Good. I haven't been that close to my mom these past several years. It has probably been harder on the boys.” 
After I left for Utah, contact with my mother became sparser and sparser. Daily phone calls turned into weekly phone calls turned into monthly phone calls. Then it got to the point where I was lucky to hear from her every few months. Once I started dating Robert, I didn't even bother coming home for most of the holidays because I didn't want to deal with the awkwardness of being stuck in a house full of people I didn't particularly like. Stubbornness kept me rooted in Utah, and I honestly never thought I would regret it. Now, however, I realize that I missed out on so many precious opportunities to be with my family. As they say, you don't know what you've got till it's gone. 
“Such a tragedy.” Aunt Alyce shakes her head. “Who knew he was such a sick, sick man.”
I knew. At least, I had an idea. 
“He was never right in the head. I wish my mom would have seen that.” I prop my elbow up on the table and rest my head on my hand.
This is something I don't want to talk about. The tragedy of how they died. It makes me angry just thinking about it. Especially when I recall all of the times I told my mother about the strange things that Vince did. 
“Some people are just blinded by love.” She mirrors my thoughts, her blue eyes full of sadness.
“And sometimes that blindness comes back to bite you in the ass.” My jaw clenches. 
It's easy to accuse my mother of being dumb. In truth, though, I'm guilty of being blind as well. I nearly married a man who was cheating on me through a good portion of our relationship and I refused to acknowledge what was obvious to most people. Sure, the signs were there. The way he always had his phone turned so that I couldn't see the screen. All of the nights he spent working late when he didn't even have a corporate job. I think I knew all along, but I was too afraid to admit it until reality slapped me right in the face when I came home from work early one day and found him with another woman in our bed. Then I couldn't ignore it anymore. I had to take action.
“I suppose we're just lucky he didn't kill the boys as well.” She inhales deeply.
“Lucky. Yeah,” I huff. It's a horrible thing to think, but lucky for me would have been if he had killed them too.  
“You should take the boys to see a psychiatrist. It will help them to get over the trauma. Earl found them—”
“Could we not.” I hold my hand out to stop her before catching her gaze to re-enforce my need to avoid the subject. “Could we not talk about this anymore. The boys are going to be fine. I'll take care of them.”
The muscles in her neck pop out beneath the skin like strings wound too tightly. It seems as if she's caught off guard by my sudden discontent. Then her expression softens, and we're blessed by the presence of the waiter who promptly takes our drink and food order. I sigh internally, grateful for the distraction. 
“How is your family?” My eyes follow the waiter until he disappears into the kitchen area. 
“Good. Nothing much new to report.” She readjusts her silverware so that it's straight on the table. “I picked up a part-time job working at the cafeteria at Scarside Elementary School.”
“Do you like it?” I ask, knowing well the answer.
“It's alright. It keeps me and your uncle from killing each other.” She smirks.
I know things have been a bit strained with their relationship since my uncle retired. Aunt Alyce once told me that it's like getting to know the person you're married to all over again. They spent so much time apart during their working years that they forgot a lot about each other. Now that they're both home all the time, the dynamic of their relationship has changed.
“And I thought that retirement was supposed to be some of the best years of your life.” I grin.
“Some of the most boring years of your life.” She rolls her eyes. “It was great until your uncle retired. He drives me nuts now. The job is a good thing.”
“I can only imagine,” I reply, turning my attention to the waiter as he returns with our drinks. He sets a glass of ice water in front of me, and I immediately shove my straw into it and gulp down half of the glass.
“Speaking of work, have you found anything yet?” She tears open two packets of Sweet'N Low and dumps their contents into her tea.
“I just started looking today. I put in my application at a few companies looking for Accountants, bookkeepers, accounts payable, anything to get my foot in the door.” I wrap my hands around the glass of water, feeling the condensation against my skin. 
“I've got something for you though I don't know if it's anything you'd be interested in,” she says before stirring her tea. 
“I'm listening.” 
“There's this woman—a friend of mine. She's looking for someone to take care of her house and do chores and run errands. A housekeeper of sorts. I'm not sure how much she's planning on paying, but I know she has a lot of money.”
Definitely something I'm not interested in. Still, if she thinks I can get the job, it might not hurt to do it for a little while. If I can stand the woman, that is. Rich, entitled people really aren't my type.
“Does she have any kids?” That would be a deal breaker. The job already doesn't sound appealing.
“She has a son that she talks about, but he's all grown up. I really don't know too much. I've only met her a few times. She does charity work with the church. That's how I met her.”
A bible thumper to boot. Maybe at least that means she's not a complete bitch. Religious people are typically nice. I'd probably have to mind my p's and q's around her, though, watch my mouth, be more polite than I normally would be.
“Well, I do need a job.” I sigh, wondering if it's even worth my time. Housekeepers don't make much. Anything is better than nothing, though, especially if it keeps me out of the house.
“I'll give you her number then.” My aunt smiles as she pulls her purse up onto the table and rummages through it for her cell phone to give me the woman's number.






CHAPTER FOUR


The house is underwhelmingly small for belonging to a rich person. It's in the better part of town, but I'd hardly call it a mansion. I find myself looking at the address that I scratched down on a piece of paper to make sure I'm at the right place. 1454 James Avenue. Yup, I'm at the right place. How disappointing. Part of me wants to put my car in reverse, back out of the driveway and leave. But I already told the woman that I was coming. Ann Longworth. Her name sounds like money. This house though...
I take a deep breath and smooth down the front of my dress. The second I left the restaurant I made a call to Mrs. Longworth, mostly out of desperation to stay away from home. Since I don't particularly care if I get the job or not, I didn't bother going home to change. I look good enough. My long, black hair is brushed down over my shoulders. My makeup is subtle. The dress makes me look sweet. This will do. It will have to because there's no going back now.
I walk down the pathway leading up to the oak door. The door is stained dark, a nice touch, giving the house a more expensive look. For a moment, I think about knocking, but then I notice a button for an intercom on the wall. With a smirk, I press it, feeling a bit awkward, considering I've never used one before.
“Mrs. Longworth. It's Piper Gravatt. I'm here for a job interview.”
The intercom crackles to life. “I'll be there in a minute.”
Internally, I try to match a face to the voice. This woman is supposedly in her mid-fifties, but she sounds much older. When the door opens, I'm surprised that she looks much older too. Pulled back into a low ponytail, her hair is a mix of blonde and white and gray. Her skin is smooth, but it still has that aged look, like soft leather. Her eyes are a pale shade of blue, kind but weary. 
“Piper. I'm Mrs. Longworth, but you can call me Ann. Nice to meet you.” She extends a thin hand to me, and I take it, shaking it gently.
“The pleasure is all mine, Ann.” I nod respectfully.
“Don't you look lovely.” She takes a step back to look me up and down. “Alyce never told me that you were such a pretty, young thing.”
“Oh. I'm sorry I'm not dressed more appropriately.” I feel oddly embarrassed by her comment.
“You look fine.” She makes a swatting gesture, silently telling me not to worry about it. “It's not like this is a corporate job. No need to be so stuffy. Come on in.”
I walk into the house, my eyes wandering over the walls to all of the paintings of landscapes. The interior decorating is very feminine. There are fresh flower arrangements on every table. The tile in the entryway is an ugly terracotta color, and the carpet that it leads into is an even uglier pale shade of pink. 
“Welcome to my home.” She leads me into the living room, and I try not to wrinkle my nose at the bright red furniture with gold accents. The pillows are placed so perfectly that I'm scared to sit down and disturb them.
“This is a nice place.” I wrap my arms around myself. 
“Sit.” She points to the loveseat, and I carefully lower myself onto it. “Would you like some tea?”
“No, thank you.” I shake my head, not wanting to be a bother.
Ann takes a seat on the chair diagonal from me, folding her hands in her lap and staring at me intently. “Tell me a little about yourself.”
“Well, I recently moved here from Utah. I assume you know why I moved.” My expression is uncertain, and I pray she doesn't make me elaborate. Explaining the circumstances is awkward, but I know that I'll have to if she asks.
“That's no business of mine.” She stands. “Would you mind if I get myself something to drink.”
“No. Go right ahead.”
“Make yourself at home, dear.” Ann smiles at me before leaving to presumably go to the kitchen.
I sink back into the loveseat, ever mindful of the pillows. The house smells like peppermint and flowers, a strange mix. Ann seems to be very trusting, leaving a stranger alone in her living room. Then again, I don't see anything around worth stealing. Not that there aren't things of value.
She returns with a cup of tea balanced on a saucer and reclaims her seat. The small teacup has roses on the side and a golden rim. I can't help but wonder if it's real china or something fake made to look pretentious, though I highly doubt that's her intention.
“So, what all would the job entail?” I cut to the chase, wanting to get straight to figuring out if this is something I'm going to be willing to do or not. There's no point in wasting either of our time.
“Nothing too strenuous. I've recently run into some health issues that have made doing things around here a bit too much for me. I'm not an invalid though and I like to feel useful. I think I really just want someone around in case I can't do things, if that makes sense.” She quirks her head slightly as if she doesn't expect I'll get her meaning. I kind of don't. It sounds more like she wants a babysitter or a friend than anything else.
For a moment, I think about asking what kind of health problems she's talking about. While caring for her home doesn't sound too bad, I don't want to eventually end up having to wipe her ass. I'm not a nurse, after all. But I greatly respect that she didn't pry about why I moved here, so I'm not going to pry about her health issues. If the job turns into more than I can handle, I can always bail.
“I assumed it would be typical housekeeping duties. Cleaning, cooking, stuff like that.” I glance around the room, wondering if she doesn't already have a housekeeper. The place is spotless.
“It will be from time to time. Probably the bigger jobs like vacuuming. I'll occasionally have you make me lunch and help me in my garden. You'll also be taking me to doctor's appointments and running other various errands for me if I don't feel like it. And then there's the matter of my charity work. I used to do a lot for various organizations, but I've slowed down recently. I'd like you to pick up my slack where you can.”
“What type of charity work?” I quirk an eyebrow.
“All kinds. Bake sales, food and clothing drives, raffles. I was doing it to keep myself busy.” A sad smile crosses her lips, and I can feel a sense of loss coming from her. “Even though it's harder for me to do those things, I still want to be a part of them. It's just...life has taken a toll.”
“I don't think that would be an issue. It might even be fun.” I perk up a bit, wanting to draw her away from whatever negative thoughts are plaguing her. Oddly, I feel a connection to her. She's far sweeter than I could have imagined and seems like a genuinely nice person. Maybe working for her wouldn't be so bad.
“Mostly, though, I just want company. I've been alone for so long.” She looks around the room as if the house is all consuming.
“There's no Mr. Longworth?” I ask timidly.
“No.” She closes her eyes and shakes her head, looking solemn. “He died of a heart attack two years ago.”
“I'm so sorry.” 
“It's alright, dear. Life happens. Death happens. We learn to get through it.” She takes a sip of her tea and then places the cup and saucer on the glass coffee table.
“It does.” My expression goes deadpan as I think of my own situation. She's dealt with loss recently. Perhaps her experience and wisdom can help me heal. It's a selfish thing to want from my potential employer, but I feel so lost right now. 
“Do you have any experience being a housekeeper?”
The question catches me off guard, drawing my attention back to her. For a second, I'm speechless, wondering how much the answer matters. Then I shake my head. “No.”
“No matter. It's not like it takes a lot to figure out how to turn on a vacuum cleaner. Besides, you seem like a sweet girl. And if Alyce trusts you, then I know I can too.” She beams at me, her sudden happiness practically forcing a smile out of me.
“I think I can figure it out.” I wrinkle my nose, and she lets out a short laugh.
“Not exactly rocket science, is it?” She leans forward as if it's a secret.
“Not quite. Though some of those newer models.” I tilt my head to the side, and she laughs again.
“I think you'll work swimmingly.” She tips back in her chair in delight.
My smile falters as I think of one more important matter. I almost hate to bring it up, but it doesn't seem like she's going to discuss it if I don't.
I cough to get her attention, hoping that I don't look as guilty as I feel. “So what would my pay rate be, exactly?”
“Oh, of course. That's the most important thing, isn't it?” She draws her hands up to her face as if it's a travesty that she forgot to mention it first. “I was thinking fifteen dollars an hour. I have no idea how much people typically pay for these types of things.”
My mouth falls agape in surprise at how much she's willing to pay for a job that normally only pays minimum wage. “Fifteen dollars an hour sounds great. And how many hours per week?”
“Part time at first, I think. Starting on Monday.”
I sulk a bit. Realistically, I knew the job would only be part-time. I was hoping for full-time employment though. Oh well. This is why it's a go-between job. Just something until I find a better one.
“That works for me.” 
“Great.” She clasps her hands together, looking genuinely pleased. “I'll see you on Monday then.”






CHAPTER FIVE


I spend the remainder of the afternoon stowed away in my room avoiding the boys and waiting for night to come. I know exactly what I'm going to do to distract myself tonight. The one thing that always works to distract me. 
By 11 PM, I'm dressed and ready to go. My red corset is laced up so tightly that my tits are almost spilling over the top. The short leather skirt I'm wearing hugs my ass and shows off my curves. I'm a Dom's wet dream. A dream that will be someone's reality tonight.
I grab my clutch off of my dresser and take a deep breath as I stand in front of the mirror to make sure my hair is lying perfectly. Then I open up the bedroom door and head to the garage, not even acknowledging the two boys sitting on the sofa in the living room playing video games. It's a dick thing to do, but part of me doesn't want them to see me like this. Hell, I had half a mind to yell at them to go to bed before I even started to get ready. They don't need to know what their big sister does to bury her sorrows.   
I frown at myself as I sit behind the steering wheel in my car. It's not shameful, what I do. Tons of men go out every night to sleep with a different woman. Why can't it be the other way around? Doing this always felt empowering to me...until I came home and realized I needed to start being responsible. I'm not ready for that though. Not yet. And why should being responsible have to include sexual confinement? I need to live too. I'm still young.
I shake my head, deciding not to think about the boys or this life anymore. Once I'm out of the garage and down the street, the house no longer exists. They no longer exist. My shitty life no longer exists. The night is all about having fun and experiencing what I missed out on the night before when I went to Club Fet with Gloria. Tonight, I will be in the arms of a powerful Dominant.
I listen to the radio to clear my mind. By the time I reach the club, I'm in seduce and destroy mode. The parking lot is packed, the complete opposite of what it was last night when we came too early. Now there will definitely be things to see. Interesting people and scenes and everything dark and sexual that I've been craving. My body heats up just thinking about it, my nipples perking against the lining of my corset.
I step out of the car and walk up to the club entrance like a supermodel, one long leg in front of the other, confidence oozing out of every pore. I know I look like sex on fire, and I plan to use my body to get exactly what I want.
As soon as I step into the club, several heads turn to look my way. The music is thumping so loudly that I can barely hear anything over it. Laser lights flash across the dance floor where there are more bodies grinding on each other than can be counted. Every once in a while, I'll hear the crack of a whip, but there's no way to tell where it's coming from. Probably from the back. That's where all of the play areas are.
I stroll over to the bar and lean against it to get the bartender's attention. Unlike last time, I didn't bring any alcohol with me. If I find a Dom, he'll likely be willing to share. For now, I need to keep my wits about me.
“Water please,” I say when the bartender comes to me. 
My eyes fall to her tits and I stare unabashedly. Looking isn't a crime here. She's older than me, perhaps by ten or fifteen years. That hasn't stopped her from dressing extremely sexy, though. The corset she's wearing is brown and black and has a steampunk feel to it. Her curly hair is held up in a high ponytail. She's a bit chubby, but I greatly admire her confidence. That's one thing I love about these places. The body is celebrated. It doesn't matter what size or shape you are. Everyone is welcome. Everyone is wanted.
I smile as she slides a bottle of water in front of me. Then I shove a five in her tip jar, feeling in a particularly good mood. This is the first time since returning to Boston that I feel truly free. There's no uptight friend to hold me back. It's just me and whatever happens tonight. So liberating.
I twist the cap off of the bottle and take a long drink before turning around and coming face to face with a smooth hairless chest. My eyes trail up to a delicious Adam's apple, short blonde stubble, and then the most amazing blue eyes.
“Fancy seeing you here again.” Sir Tall grins wickedly down at me.
My heart flutters and any words that I might have spoken get lodged in my throat. “You as well,” I manage finally though it sounds pathetic.
I need to recompose myself so that I don't come across as weak. I'm not like other submissives, and I refuse to be intimidated.
He slides a hand around my waist, making a pleasant shiver roll down my body and settle at my core as he leans down to whisper in my ear. “I thought I'd come get you alone before someone else did.”
“We're not exactly alone.” I hint towards my desire for him to take me into one of the private play areas.
“Did you come with someone?” He straightens himself, his expression hardening slightly.
“No.” I shake my head, looking coy. “I'm here all by my lonesome.”
“You said we're not alone though.”
“We're not.” I look out across the crowd. “There are people all around us. Did you come with someone tonight?”
“I always come with someone.” He smirks. “Who I leave with is a completely different story, though.”
“Such a bad boy.” I grab the zipper at the front of his vinyl shirt and pull it down half an inch. His whole outfit is vinyl, tight-fitting and shiny. Briefly, I wonder if he had it custom made. He's way too tall to have been able to buy it from a store.
“You haven't seen bad yet.” He cages me in with his body, forcing me back against the bar. My heartbeat quickens from the closeness. The heat between us is already waking my pleasure sensors.
“Is that so?” My eyes meet his, accepting what I know to be a challenge. “Why don't you show me, then?”
“Do you think you can handle it?” He quirks an eyebrow in amusement. 
“I can handle anything you want to throw at me.” I trace my tongue across my bottom lip as I pull his zipper even lower. His breath subtly hitches as I press myself against him. His grip tightens around my waist and his free hand fists into my hair, drawing my head back. I gasp from the forcefulness of it, held in place while he towers over me. The pain of my hair being pulled reminds me of what's to come, and I can already feel myself beginning to sink into subspace, that euphoric place where it's all about pleasure and being free from the world around me. Heaven.
His lips hover over mine, his gaze so intense that I can practically feel it burning into me. His blue eyes are hooded with lust, but there's power behind them as well. He knows exactly what he's doing, and he's very good at it.
“I'm going to break you tonight,” he says, half-threat, half-promise.
“Are you?” I show no fear. 
Inside, all I can think is how can you break what's already broken.






CHAPTER SIX


On the floor, I show much resistance. In the play area, it's a completely different story. There are rules to how these things are supposed to go. If the Dom is good, I have no trouble following them. Sometimes, letting go is the best release ever, but it has to be for the right man—for the right reasons. 
“How do you want it?” Looking cool and composed, Sir Jeremy leans against the wall in the private play area he took me to.
He told me his name while we were at the bar.
I saunter up to him like a cat about to pounce on prey, my fingers slipping inside the lining of his open shirt to trace the tight fabric back and forth. “I thought you said you were going to break me?”
“Well, I wouldn't be much of a Dom if I didn't take what you want into consideration, now would I?” He stares down at me in amusement, though there's definitely lust behind his eyes as well.
“Give it to me as hard as you've got. And don't stop until I say so.” I withdraw my hands to give his shoulder a playful punch before turning and walking back towards the middle of the room.
“Standard safety words apply.” He pushes himself off of the wall.
“I don't need them.” I cast a backwards glance at him, and the corner of his lips quirk into a smirk.
He takes a few lazy steps over to a metal folding chair in the corner of the room. For a moment, I think he's going to sit down and ask me to take off my clothes. That's how a lot of Doms start. They like to watch women undress. I can put on a sexy little strip tease if that's what suits his fancy though I'd much rather have him undress me. As long as we eventually get down to the pain and fucking, I suppose that's all that matters.
He pulls the chair around and pushes it towards me. “Hike up your skirt and sit straddling the chair. Facing me.”
It's an interesting request which instantly gets my curiosity piqued. I do what I'm told, struggling slightly to pull the tight leather skirt that I'm wearing over the curvature of my hips. It's designed to be pulled down, not up, and I hope that the stretching doesn't ruin it. I'm not one to argue with a Dom though unless he's being a prick, especially not one so handsome. 
I lower myself onto the chair like I'd lower myself onto a cock, legs spread wide, back slightly arched. Sir Jeremy blatantly checks me out, his gaze falling to the globes of my ass, completely exposed with only the string of my thong covering my crack. Then it dips further down to the lace tops of my stockings. He seems pleased enough, his expression growing predatory.
“Do you like what you see?” I reach back to slap my backside.
“No touching.” He shakes his head. “Only I can touch you for the rest of the night.”
I like the sound of that—the thought of his hands upon me. My body hungers for his touch—for his wrath. Already, I can feel moisture gathering between my legs, and we haven't even begun. The night is so young, and I'm so ripe for a good scene—for a good fucking.
“Whatever you say, Sir.” I grin.
A sharp tug on the back of my head makes me gasp. He moved so quickly that I barely had time to prepare for it, fisting his hand in my hair. In an instant, he's behind me, his hot breath teasing my neck, his soft lips whispering over my shoulder.
“Is something funny, Piper?”
“No, Sir,” my voice sounds almost foreign to me.
“Good. There isn't going to be anything funny about the way I'm going to use and fuck you.” His grip tightens on my hair, making my neck ache slightly. “I'm going to do everything that I want to you tonight.”
My body sings to life under the weight of his words, my nipples beading hard inside my corset. Yes, please, use me. Fuck me hard. Be harsh and unwielding. I dare not say any of that though, because I know he doesn't want my words. He wants my screams. My moans and my whimpers. 
He reaches his free hand around and lightly gropes one of my breasts though it causes little sensation through the thick fabric of my corset. Even worse, the lack of power behind his touch. It's meant to tease, and it works. He knows I want him to tear down the front of my corset like a bodice ripper romance so that my breasts spill free over the top, then have him completely ravage me. He's going to take his time, though, make my body ache for him until I'm so pent-up from our play that I explode into orgasm the second he sticks his dick inside of me. 
“Is that so, Sir?” I strain my head to look back at him. If I can goad him enough, he might get to the pain sooner. 
Fire crawls across my skull as he forces my head back in place. “You're a very bad girl, aren't you? I think I knew that the moment I laid eyes on you, though. Do you know what happens to bad girls?”
“They get punished, Sir?”
“They get punished,” he parrots. “Now get your ass up. And stick it out. You deserve a round of spankings.”
Mm, spankings. Certainly a good start.
I lift my body, pushing my hips back as I lean over the chair. Thankfully, he lets go of my hair, allowing me to move freely though I know not to cross any boundaries.
He disappears behind me, and seconds later I feel the delicious sting of his large palm slapping my backside. It's immediately followed by another strike on the opposite cheek. One after the other, he hits me again and again. The burning intensifies though I refuse to cry out. Even when it's at its worst, I won't cry out. It pisses off a lot of Doms. After all, this is what they live for, hearing the sounds of pain. There's a sadistic part of me that enjoys knowing I'm withholding that pleasure from him though. Plus, it will only make him spank me harder.
“You have no idea the trouble you're in,” he tells me as he pulls the crotch of my panties aside, exposing my pussy to the cool air. 
My clit throbs from the sudden sensation of cold meeting hot. My body is already warmed up, and I wonder if he can see how wet I am. He probably felt it when he pulled my underwear aside. 
He redirects his hand, spanking my exposed lips. My breathing grows ragged from the sharp stimulation to my core, each strike sending tendrils of pleasure racing through me. It feels heavenly, and I don't want him to stop. I'm so turned on that he could probably spank me until I climax. It's never happened before, but there's certainly a first time for everything.
“Is that enough for you?” he growls.
“No, Sir,” I purr.
The rhythmic slapping stops, and Sir Jeremy slides into my peripheral vision only seconds before I feel his hand on my throat. He squeezes, though not hard enough to close off my airway completely. His other hand holds the back of my head, locking it in place. 
“I bet you think you're really cute challenging me. You have no power here though. You're nothing.” His face is so close to mine that I can smell the alcohol on his breath. Tequila. Faint yet distinct. 
The look in his eyes makes me want to shrink back a little. He seems genuinely angry though it's hard to tell if he's just acting or not. Scenes are all about projecting, leaving the real you behind and falling into some carnal place where only sexual instinct matters. If I did piss him off, I might be in for more than I can handle. He's been pleasantly unexpected so far. There's no telling what he's going to do to me. Even though it's illogical, I'm more excited than scared. 
“You are going to be quiet and complacent from now on, do you understand?” He doesn't even wait for my response before walking back around me. His hands return to my chest, this time to unclasp the front of my corset. The heat of his chest against my back and the tightness of his arms around my shoulders makes it feel almost like an embrace. At that moment, it's oddly comforting, but my mind is reverse-perverting the image. His touch should be sexual to me, not soothing. Why do I feel like this?
By the time he reaches the bottom of the clasps, I'm back in subspace. His hands move up my body, and he does exactly what I need him to do. My head tilts back against him and a tiny moan escapes from my lips as his palms envelope my breasts, squeezing and massaging them to the point of pain. My nipples bead between his fingertips, the rough skin of his fingers pinching at them and sending electricity to that sweet place between my legs.
He pushes my ass down so hard that my pussy slams against the chair. Another shudder races through me, consuming me. Then his hands are in my hair again, pulling my head back and forcing me to jut my chest out as he bends me into an awkward position. 
“Are you finally going to be a good girl?” he asks, his voice breathy with desire.
“Yes, Sir.” I nod the best that I can.
“Good. Then get your ass back off of that chair.” He withdraws from me, and I quickly comply, gripping the back of the chair, holding my body weight up as I prepare for more spankings. 
His hands return to me in a different way, curling around my hips. Before I have a chance to turn around and see what he's doing, pleasure surges through me as I feel him bury his mouth between my legs.
“Oh,” I whisper, feeling his tongue slip between my wet folds. He licks and sucks aggressively, his tongue probing in and out of me with precision.
I give in to pleasure, moaning shamelessly while he eats me out. It feels so good having him inside of me, any part of him. 
A blush covers my cheeks as he moves up to ring the tip of his tongue around the tight muscles of my ass, and I quickly reposition my hips to accommodate him, practically bending over the chair. He slides my underwear down for better access, then returns, exhaling hot air on my pucker as his mouth goes to work on it.
My sex clenches when I feel his finger join the party, pushing between my pussy lips. He slips it inside, fingering me rapidly while he continues to kiss and lick my asshole.
After several minutes, he withdraws his finger and moves back down to sucking on my clit. This time, he's a lot rougher, pulling the tiny bud between his lips and applying enough pressure to make me squirm. I let out the first cry of the night, somewhere between pleasure and pain, and he instantly backs off, spanking my ass a few more times instead.
“I want to suck your cock now,” I say.
“I'm not done yet. You can suck my cock when I say you can.” He licks up the length of my folds before flicking his tongue across my button so rapidly that I see stars. 
Damn, was he ever holding back. Within seconds, I'm shattering all over his face, my thighs trembling as my body makes a feeble attempt at steadying itself. My fingers curl into the back of the chair, and I try to control my breathing as the contractions wreck me.
“That's it, come all over my face like a good girl,” he growls into me, his tongue still making delicate passes around my core, probably feeling my contractions play against it. “Now you may sit.” He stands finally, and I lower myself onto the chair, grinding on it slightly to milk out the last few ounces of pleasure that my body has to offer. “I certainly hope you don't think that was the end of it, because I'm just getting warmed up.” Sir Jeremy casts a glance back at me while he goes to take a bundle of rope off of one of the shelves in the room. My blood heats up again from the sight of it. Things are about to get a lot kinkier.
He tosses the rope on the floor and walks around me. “Get on your knees.”
As soon as my ass leaves the chair, he's flinging the chair across the room. I cringe at the sound of metal clattering on cement. 
Sir Jeremy stands behind me, groping my breasts roughly and pulling me back against him. I lean into him, feeling the outline of his cock against my head, wondering what he'd do if I turned around to take it out of his pants. I decide to press my luck, moving to do just that, but no sooner do I turn than he has his hands in my hair again, keeping my head in place.
“No misbehaving,” he tells me before slapping me gently across the face. It's a good warning. I hate being slapped, and I don't doubt he'll do it a lot harder if I try to disobey him again. 
“Yes, Sir,” I mutter.
Sir Jeremy reaches past me for the rope, then he pulls my arms behind my back to start binding my wrists together. I kneel there patiently, wondering what he plans to do to me next. While I enjoy rope bondage, it always seems to take forever. I much prefer a pair of manacles. 
As soon as my wrists are securely bound, he places surprisingly gentle kisses on my neck. I crane my head for him, enjoying the sweetness of his lips. It's a nice balance to the pain I was feeling earlier. He's definitely good at this. Better than I expected when I first laid eyes on him. 
The gentility only lasts for a few seconds though. Before I can fully enjoy it, he's on his feet again, standing in front of me this time. When he pulls me up into a kneeling position by the hair, I know what he wants. His free hand goes to his zipper, pulling it down. I'm more than hungry for him—have been waiting for this for quite a while.
His cock is every bit as big as I imagined it would be, the tip already glistening with a bead of pre-seed. It looks like I'm not the only one who is all worked up. I stick out my tongue obediently, allowing him to spank his glans against it a few times before he shoves himself inside of my waiting mouth. He presses his dick all the way to the back of my throat, showing no mercy. My gag reflex doesn't go off though. I've sucked enough cock to be very good at this.
Teasingly, I refuse to wrap my lips around him. It's not my goal to make him think that I'm bad at oral, but I refuse to give him all of the control, and judging by the way that he won't let up on my hair, he's determined to take it. 
“You're resisting, but I can make you suck me off.” Amusement is plain in his voice.
With both hands on the back of my head, he thrusts into me hard and fast. I try to stay strong, but I can only handle so much. His helmet spears the back of my throat and pushes past it, my mouth making gurgling noises as saliva builds up inside. After several moments, I'm forced to swallow, my lips suctioning around him. He groans in pleasure and what I also assume is victory. There's no point in fighting anymore. It will be a lot better for both of us if I just give in. And perhaps he'll be less rough.
He pulls away from me completely, and I choke on the stickiness swimming inside my mouth before swallowing it down. Sir Jeremy's hands never leave my hair, and he gives my face another gentle slap, looking completely wicked. “You think you can win, but you can't. I'm going to get what I want from you even if you fight me every step of the way.”
I like the sound of that. And I like that he has the balls to fight back. Less experienced Doms would get flustered and give up. Not Sir Jeremy though. 
“Now open your fucking mouth.” He forces me onto him again.
This time, I'm ready, lessening the torture by slurping on his dick like a giant man-flavored popsicle. He tastes like sweat and sex and sin, all of the things I need right now. Before long, I'm drunk from the taste of him, drowning in the sensation of feeling his girth stretch my jaw. Reveling in the velvet of his skin gliding over my tongue. I worship his cock while he punishes me with it, a fine balance of Dominance and submission that pushes boundaries but doesn't spill over them.
After what feels like an hour but was probably closer to five minutes, he pulls his dick out of my mouth and stands. “Get up.”
Having my arms tied behind my back makes the task difficult, but I'm able to struggle to my feet. Some girls would be embarrassed by how awkward it looks, but I know this is exactly what he wants to see. The smirk spreading across his lips tells me it amuses him.
As soon as I'm up and stable, he clutches onto my arm and leads me to a table against one of the walls. Then he grabs me by the hair and shoves me down until I'm bent over it. I lay there obediently, feeling the cool surface against my skin. It's a nice sensation with all of the heat flowing through me. He steps out of sight, and I listen to the sound of foil crinkling. He's getting ready to fuck me. My clit pulses in approval. 
“Are you ready for me to stick my dick inside of you?” He hoists my right leg up onto the table for better access.
“Yes, Sir,” I whisper, closing my eyes and waiting for that euphoric moment when our bodies are joined.
“I didn't hear you.” His voice is an angry roar, his hand suddenly pressing down on my neck, sending pain rocketing through me.
“Yes, Sir,” I reply way louder than intended. The force of his palm on my neck was so unexpected that I momentarily panicked.
He lets up immediately, and I twist slightly to see him. His cock is standing at attention, his hand lazily stroking it. 
“I'll give you my cock.” He places a hand on my ass and steps up behind me. 
I feel just his tip sliding between my lips. Then a second later pain tunnels through me as he plows into me balls deep in one quick thrust. My back arches and I let out a sound somewhere between a moan and a hiss, my eyes clenched so tightly that my face hurts. 
He pauses for a moment, perhaps concerned by my expression. It's not until I open my tear-lined eyes that he begins thrusting hard and fast. The pain I was feeling melts into pleasure as he pumps into me, the friction and the stretching sensation making my pussy throb around him.
“I've been wondering what you'd feel like since the moment I first laid eyes on you,” he tells me before grabbing my wrists and tilting his hips slightly.
The feeling is mutual. And the answer is amazing. At least, for me it is. Nothing else in the world matters except for what's happening right now. It's exactly what I needed. Exactly what I came here for. 
He repositions himself, placing a leg up over the table next to my hip. When he starts thrusting again, it feels like he's reached the threshold of my depths. Dull fire aches inside of me every time his glans taps against my insides, and a torrent of whimpers fall from my lips as hot tears spill down my cheeks.
“Too big for you?” he muses between breaths.
It's not so much that as it is that he knows exactly how to angle himself to torture me. I refuse to give him the satisfaction of saying yes. He's not stopping for an answer anyway, so I can only assume that my tortured expression is enough.
Thankfully, it doesn't take long before the position becomes uncomfortable for him and he takes his leg down. The pressure inside of me returns to something bearable. I clamp my pussy around him every now and then, and he moans in approval.
“You're so fucking wet for me.”
The fact that he's gliding in and out of me with ease is proof enough of that. He picks up the pace, fucking me so hard that the table gives protest below us. 
Pleasure swirls inside of me, the heat of him hammering into me gearing my body up for climax. For a moment, I think about asking him for permission to come. Then I say screw it, gasping as my body breaks from his carnal sex.
“Oh fuck!” he cries out, his grip tightening on the ropes around my wrists. He pushes into me hard, his balls slapping against my clit sending shuddering intensity into an already incredible orgasm. 
I pant against the table, my hips instinctively moving back to meet him. Within seconds, I feel him swelling as he spurts into the condom. It's one of the best things I've felt all night, the extra bite of tightness from his dick pumping its juices, draining him of everything. His hands grope clumsily for my hips, and he presses all the way inside until his body has spent itself. I lay there with a blissful grin plastered across my face. Nothing could be more perfect.

***

Aftercare is comforting, but ever since I broke up with Robert, I've feared the closeness that comes with it. Sir Jeremy was nothing but kind to me after the scene. He unbound my wrists and soothed out the lingering burn on my ass with a gentle massage. Now I'm sitting on his lap in the middle of the club surrounded by strangers. Talking to his friends—pretending to make friends with them—feels too personal. I should have left the club the second that the scene was over, but I'm not ready to go home yet.
His arm is wrapped loosely around my waist. I've become an accessory. A show piece. They all know he fucked me. None of them care, though. He's probably fucked half of the girls in this place, if not more. And within a year's time, I'll probably have fucked half of the guys in this place. I don't need this false sense of closeness to him, especially since it was a one-time hookup for me.
I stay mostly quiet, observing rather than getting in on the conversation. Every once in a while, Sir Jeremy will ask me a question to make sure that I'm still somewhat engaged. I don't really feel like socializing though. The scene and rough sex have me pretty well worn out. All I want to do is relax and let the rest of the night pass by uneventful.
I lean against Sir Jeremy's chest, my eyelids growing heavy. Being in a man's arms does feel kind of nice. It reminds me of all of those nights that Robert and I spent curled up on the sofa together watching television. And suddenly I hate that a man is touching me, cuddling me. I push out of Sir Jeremy's arms and pull up a chair of my own. He gives me a queer look but doesn't argue. It's not like I tried to break away from him completely.
He offers me some alcohol and I take it, watching as he makes me a dry martini with the liquor and mixers spread out across the table. The group we're with is pretty big. Probably about fifteen kinksters. I'm way too lazy to count, and I don't particularly care.
As he makes my drink, my gaze shifts to a man standing in the public play area. He's leaning against the railing, staring down at me so intensely that it almost makes my heart stop. He is...breathtakingly handsome. Not in the sense that you look at a man and think he's gorgeous. Seeing him literally took my breath away.
His posture is perfect, his stance completely composed. The gray business suit he's wearing is pristine. His dark hair is slightly tousled, and judging by the way that the light is playing over his eyes, they're a pale shade. Probably blue. I'd like to get a closer look.
Suddenly, I feel trapped. 
I offer him a smile, but his expression doesn't change. There's something about the way he's looking at me that makes me squirm internally. It's not just dominance. It's something else entirely though I can't quite place it.
Sir Jeremy nudges my shoulder, drawing my attention away to hand me my drink. Briefly, I wonder if he caught me gawking at the other guy. Then I remember that I don't care. He's nothing to me. Just a fuck for the night. And I'm nothing to him either. It doesn't matter that I'm already looking for my next conquest.
After taking a drink from the martini and wrinkling my nose(I don't particularly like martinis, but who is going to argue free alcohol), I snap back around to look for the man in the suit. He's gone. A hollowness fills my chest, irrational fear that I lost him. My body is coming back to life from seeing such a delicious morsel. Perhaps I could go for round two. It's not unheard of for a submissive to do two different scenes with two different Doms in one night, especially if she's unowned. Not unheard of, but also not very common. I think I'm up for it, though.
“Hey, are you alright?” Sir Jeremy asks, perhaps noticing that my head is turning like The Exorcist trying to relocate Sir Suit.
“I'm fine.” I flinch slightly when he touches my arm. “Just looking for someone.”
“You have a friend coming tonight?” He glances in the direction of the play area.
“No.” My jaw tightens out of annoyance from his curiosity. 
He quirks an eyebrow, seemingly displeased, then turns back around to continue talking to his friends. Guilt rips through me. I know I just made it sound like I'm bored, and I instantly regret it. Am I being too selfish? Maybe I should just leave and let my hormones cool down. Sleeping with two men in one night is probably pushing it anyway.
I sulk in my chair, chugging down the martini to relax myself. The soreness between my legs tells me that I've had enough for one night. Enough sex. Enough pain. Enough bondage. Enough distraction.
I try to focus on the conversation, but the image of the man in the suit is burned into my mind. Every time I think about him, I feel drawn. It's such a weird feeling. Lust at first sight, perhaps? It happens a lot.
Sir Jeremy makes me another martini, and I take it down with just as much fervor as the last. Now that my gaze isn't straying, he doesn't seem so concerned about me. I'm quickly becoming restless, though, and the alcohol isn't helping.
Lazily, my eyes crawl over the room. Sir Suit is probably gone. Guys like that don't usually last long before they find a submissive. And patience isn't very common in places like this. Find what you want. Go for it. If that person says no or seems occupied, move on to the next.
I'm surprised when I see him sitting at a table in the corner of the room. Alone. His elbows are propped up on the table, his hands steepled. He's staring at me over them, his gaze every bit as intense as it was before. Those eyes. It's like he's able to bend me over the table and fuck me with them. I shudder, my pleasure core firing off from desire for him.
It may be greedy—it may look slutty—but I can't let this one get away. Not this one. I have a feeling he could rock my world and make me walk out of here bow-legged. Sir Jeremy has already done a good job of that, but for some reason, this new guy makes my body hungry all over again. I have to have a taste of him.
Without a word to the group, I slip off of my chair and try not to seem too hasty as I make a beeline for Sir Suit. His expression hasn't changed, even knowing that I'm coming straight towards him. It's a bit unsettling. Most Doms, I can easily read. There's something different about this guy though. Maybe that's why I want him so badly. Not only is he drop dead gorgeous, but he seems like a challenge. 
I'm halfway to him when a firm pull on my arm causes me to spin on my heels. I groan internally when I come face to face with Sir Jeremy. He's wearing a caustic grin, and his grip is so tight that I can't even hope to pull out of it.
“Are you leaving?” He quirks his head slightly. 
It's obvious that my answer can't be anything other than yes or he's going to get pissed off. Possessive much?
“Yes,” I hesitate, desperately wanting to look back at Sir Suit but knowing it would be the wrong move. 
“Let me walk you out.” He lets go of me finally, motioning towards the door.
Fuck. There's no way out of this. I have to leave now.
I force a smile and flank his side, feeling a heaviness in my chest with every step that takes me further away from the handsome Dom in the corner of the room. Every potential scenario that could have happened fades away, and I can't help but wonder if I'll be lucky enough to see him again like I was to see Sir Jeremy tonight. Sir Jeremy was surrounded by people both times I came to Club Fet though. This guy is completely alone. It could mean that he's new. And if that's the case, then this was my only chance to be with him. That thought makes me grumpy, but I try my best not to show it. By the time we reach my car, my mood is beyond sour.
“I had a lot of fun with you tonight.” Sir Jeremy reaches up to brush a loose strand of hair behind my ear. 
“I did too.” I stare down at the pavement, hating that he's making our last few moments together so intense.
“Maybe I'll see you again,” he sounds hopeful.
“I'll be around.”
“I should probably rephrase that.” He takes a step closer, making me feel claustrophobic. His large fingers touch the underside of my chin, tilting my face up and forcing me to look at him. “I'd like to see you again.”
Darkness is in his eyes—the look that says he wants me. Once wasn't enough for him. He's making that as clear as day.
I swat his hand away, but I don't break his gaze. “Listen, Jeremy, Sir. I had fun with you tonight too. But it was a one-time thing.”
“Did you not enjoy yourself?” His expression twists in offense.
“No. It's not that.” I quickly shake my head. Realizing that I need to do damage control, I slide my thumbs into the pockets of his pants. “You were good. Really good. Amazing, even. It's just...a personal thing.”
“Explain,” his tone is hard.
I cringe inside, annoyed that he's pushing me.
“I like to keep sex and emotions separate. One time is fine, but if we do it more than once...” I trail off, unsure of how else to explain myself.
“What if that's what I want from you?” The muscles in his jaw relax. He seems pleased with my response.
“I'm not at a place in my life where I can handle having emotional attachments.” I stare out towards the street. Not only is it a true statement, but I also don't want to get close to anyone. Not now. Not ever again. 
“I'm sorry to hear you say that.” He takes a few steps backwards. The night air rushes in to fill the gap between us, and I feel like I can breathe again. “Let me know if you change your mind.”
“I will.” I smile at him, watching him turn and walk back towards the club. As soon as his back is to me, I scowl. He was nice, but a bit too possessive. And he completely screwed me out of the chance to be with one of the most gorgeous men I've ever laid eyes on.
 





CHAPTER SEVEN
HOLDEN


It's been a long day spent pouring over facts and numbers of a pharmaceutical company that claims they've figured out a cure for HIV but don't have the means to produce it. Investing is serious business, and one wrong transaction can rob me of millions of dollars in the blink of an eye. The company seems promising. They've produced a lot of good work throughout the three years that they've been around. I've heard pipe dream promises before though. Cures for cancer and Alzheimers and AIDs. A dying company will say whatever it has to to get more funding and stay afloat.
I don't want to think about that anymore though. That's why I came here, to Club Fet. Leave business at the door. Pleasure awaits inside.
I slip in through the backdoor to avoid the bustling crowd up front, and the dungeon master nods me in. This is another investment of mine though more on a personal level. Things that I enjoy, I don't mind throwing money at, especially if it makes life more convenient for me. And I have a lot of money to throw around. More than any one person could ever need.
My eyes scan the crowd, a mix of about seventy-five percent regulars and twenty-five percent new members who just want a taste of the lifestyle. It's easy to separate the serious kinksters from the ones who are just curious. The serious ones are more engaged, roaming the floor and the play areas, searching for someone to take them on. All the rest are wallflowers, sticking to the seating areas and staring in wonder at everything going on around them. I make no judgment about them. They bring business to this place, and for that, they're useful. 
I inhale deeply, taking in the faint scents of leather and sex and alcohol on my way up to the play area. All of the faces upstairs are familiar. Some of the owned submissives avert their eyes. Others smile and politely greet me. Many of them, I've had before. I want something different tonight. Something new and exciting to distract my mind from the day's business.
The club is packed. I lean on the railing, staring down at the crowd of gyrating bodies on the dance floor. There's a strobe light playing on top of them, making it difficult to pick out faces. After a few minutes, I turn my attention to the seating area. If I were in a better mood, I'd go socialize. That's not what I'm here for though. I'm here for...
A woman sitting with a group of regulars catches my attention. I can't fully see her face, but she has a beautiful profile. Long black hair waving softly over her shoulders and down her back. A smooth, pale complexion. Large breasts pushed up high in a tight red corset.
I trace my tongue over my bottom lip, my eyes moving to the Dom sitting beside her. Jeremy Matthews. Several years younger than me. Relatively new to the lifestyle, but already proving to be a competent Dom. So many of them come to the club half-cocked, thinking they can get in on the action with no experience. The kid has shown a willingness to learn though, and he's certainly already made himself popular with the ladies. Charismatic and hard to hate, that one.
I should forget about the girl sitting beside him. It's obvious that he's already won her over. Time to move on to someone more accessible, though no one else in the club is anywhere near as stunning. 
I allow my gaze to lazily drift over the other new faces in the room. It keeps coming back to her, though, to the gorgeous raven-haired girl who looks oh so miserable sitting with Sir Jeremy. There's no harm in staring at her until someone else of interest comes in. Even if Sir Jeremy catches me, he won't do anything about it. He has a healthy fear of me, as does everyone else in here who knows me. If I want her badly enough, I could come take her. There are rules in places like this though, and I'd lose a lot of respect if I broke them. It's better to let this one slide.
She turns her head and our eyes lock. The dark eyeliner she's wearing makes the pale blue of her irises stand out. Her face is even more beautiful from the front than it was from the side. Her lips are full, the color of blood. I can imagine that mouth wrapped around my dick, and my body stirs with want.
I expect her to avert her eyes the moment she catches me staring, but she doesn't. Heat flushes her cheeks before reaching her gaze and pushing through the air to meet me. Any question I had about her loyalty to Jeremy is answered in that instant. The interest is there—the same desire firing back at me. 
Then Sir Jeremy ruins the moment by nudging her shoulder. He glances up at me, and I know he can see my intent. I want to fuck her, and if he breaks away from her for even the briefest amount of time, I'll swoop in and claim her. From here on out, it's going to be all about playing the waiting game.
There's no point in staying upstairs in plain sight. That will only make me look like a creeper. It's time to retreat to the shadows and bide my time.
I find a table in the corner of the room, away from the action, and position my chair so that I have a clear line of sight. It seems that Sir Jeremy has managed to get the raven-haired beauty back in line by engaging her in conversation. There's no smile on her face. I wonder who she is to him or what has transpired between them tonight, not that any of it really matters. Just something to think about to pass the time. It doesn't change my need to conquer her. She could be his sister, for all I care. It wouldn't stop me.
I prop my elbows up on the table and steeple my hands, trying to get comfortable in case it's a long wait. I can be rather patient when it comes to getting what I want—at least, in situations like this. Other circumstances might make me less rational. Seduction is an art, though, an art that takes time and precision and care.
I sit and wait and watch. She's drinking like alcohol is going out of style, which displeases me. I prefer my submissives to be completely coherent during sex. Beggars can't be choosers though, and my need to bury my dick between her soft folds is much greater than my need to have her sober. 
Finally, she looks around again. It doesn't take her long to find me. As soon as she does, her eyes come to life. I don't waver. We can eye fuck each other until the world ends, but that doesn't change the distance between us. I can't advance. Not while she's sitting with Jeremy's group.
As if reading my mind, she stands suddenly. My pulse quickens as I realize she's crossing the room towards me. There's no need for me to move. She's going to deliver herself right into my arms—into my bed.
But then Sir Jeremy notices that his little prize is missing, and he scowls in my direction before chasing after her. I curse internally though there's no point in getting upset about it. Just because he's trying to pull her back doesn't mean that she's lost to me. 
They stop and talk. Then she turns towards the door and he flanks her side to walk her out of the club. 
Fuck! It's game over.
“Sir Holden?” A feminine voice grabs my attention, making me jerk my head away from the door.
“What?” I growl in discontent.
The woman standing beside me cowers slightly, her big blue eyes apologetic. My expression softens in recognition. 
“I'm sorry to bother you, Sir. I just saw you sitting here alone and thought you might want some company.”
I scan the cute little jumper dress she's wearing. Delia has always had a way of looking innocent, even though every guy in the club knows she's far from it. Her long auburn hair is tied into a loose ponytail and slung over one shoulder. She keeps her hands behind her back, her fingers entwined together, appearing far younger than her age, even though she's several years older than me. 
I stand, towering over her. I reach a hand up to brush her ponytail back over her shoulder. My fingertips whisper across her skin, and her lush pink lips form a little O while her eyelids become hooded with desire.
“Yes. I do think I would enjoy some company tonight.”

***

“Isn't that much better?” I circle her, admiring the rope woven under her breasts, framing each one and squeezing them so that they swell. Her wrists are bound to her knees, and I have her bent over, waiting to receive a flogging.
She's already completely lost in subspace just from the shibari alone. She's always been easy to please. It's one thing I love about her, but also something I hate. Obedient submissives are great. When they're too compliant, though, it takes a lot of the fun out of it. Luckily for her, tonight I want easy. No struggle. No fuss. No pissing me off.
“Stick that ass out,” I tell her, wanting to see her exposed ass and pussy. She's stripped down to nothing but the black strappy high heels she wore into the private play area, looking sexy as hell. I can't help but wonder what the raven-haired girl would have looked like. 
Delia pushes her ass out and flattens her back, ready to receive whatever I plan to do to her. The strips of suede from the flogger I'm holding slide through my fingers as I run my hand down it. It's not one I typically use, but Delia prefers being bound and fucked more than she likes pain, so I have to go gentle on her.
I tighten my grip on the falls, outstretching the flogger before lightly slapping just the tails on her ass. 
“Thank you, Sir,” she cries out in response.
She winces and hisses from the sting of each strike, but I don't stop. The room fills with the sounds of her gratitude and soft suede hitting vulnerable flesh. 
One strike after another lands against her pale skin and the stress starts to leave me. Knowing that I'm in control of another human being's pain and pleasure has always been empowering to me. I'm in control of a lot of people in my day to day life, but this is different. It's almost like a high. Seeing the pretty, pink welts form gets my blood pumping in all of the right places. Endorphins fire off inside of my brain, flooding me with pleasure that nothing else can compare to.
“That's a good girl.” I watch her ass bounce as the pain intensifies from me striking the same spot over and over again. Her small, shaven pussy is visible between her spread legs. My cock twitches from staring at it, and I wonder how wet she is—wonder if she's going to come the second that I thrust myself into her. It never takes a lot for Delia. Between the bondage and the flogging, I imagine that she's well geared up for me.
The thought of being inside of her is more than I can handle. But it's not her that I want. I fight back a scowl as I remember Sir Jeremy practically leading the raven-haired women out of the club. He wasn't going to let me have her. I should have had the common sense to know that the second he caught me staring.
“I'm done with this.” I toss the flogger to the side, needing something more intense to distract my mind. 
“Thank you, Sir,” Delia pants, and I can tell by the flush of her cheeks that she's almost at the limits of her pain threshold. Perhaps I was a bit too hard on her. If that were the case, though, she would have told me. She's always been good at vocalizing, about letting me know when it's too much.
I pull a metal folding chair up and sit on it, unzipping my pants to pull my dick out. It's already fully engorged from the excitement of the scene and thoughts of what Raven might look like naked. I give it a few strokes, staring up at Delia in thought.
“Back that shit up. And don't turn around. I don't want to see your face.” I might not be able to have Raven, but at least I can pretend.
“Yes, Sir.” Delia faces forward, taking slow, awkward steps backward towards me.
When she reaches me, she slowly lowers herself. I catch her hips before she has a chance to slide all the way down on me. “Stay.”
“Yes, Sir,” she whispers, her voice breathy with want.
I grip the base of my cock, closing my eyes and swiping it back and forth between her folds. She's so wet, the heat of her sex nearly searing.
“Tell me you want it,” I growl, waiting for the right moment to make my move.
“I want it, Sir. Please. Give it to me.” Her body moves slightly as she struggles for balance.
“That's not good enough.” I stop at her hole, arching up to press just the tip inside, probing gently.
“I need it. I have to have it. You're driving me insane.” 
“Beg.” I pull back, feeling my length twitch in disapproval.
“I'm begging you, Sir. Please, let me feel your cock inside of me.”
“Tch.” It's not enough. She gives in way too easily. There's no challenge, not that I suspected there would be. Maybe this isn't what I want tonight after all. Regardless, I'm going to take it.
Tired of playing games, I grab her by the hips and force her down on me. She cries out in surprise, her full weight coming back on me. I stifle a groan as her slick cavern squeezes around me, fitting me like a glove. Would the raven-haired girl feel like this? I wonder. I'll probably never know. Newbies come and go at Club Fet, as fleeting as the wind. More than likely, I'll never see her again.






CHAPTER EIGHT
PIPER


I wake feeling better than I have in a while. Lazily, I roll over and hug my pillow, squeezing my thighs together. They ache deliciously in protest. That's right, last night I got laid—had sex with an amazing Dom. A grin curls the corners of my lips as I think of Sir Jeremy pumping between my legs. But then I think about the man sitting in the corner of the room and my grin falters. 
The way that guy looked at me. His gaze is burned into my mind, and just thinking about it—about him—makes me feel randy. 
Perhaps I'll run into him some other night. It's not like I never plan on returning to Club Fet again. After all, how else am I going to get my fix?
There's no point in thinking or worrying about it any longer. What's done is done. The night and all of its wonderful experiences is over, and now I'm back to the reality of...
My good mood dissipates in the blink of an eye, and I groan, grabbing a pillow to bury my face in it. I should probably get up and fix the boys breakfast. I don't want to though. I want to stay here in bed and relax all day and fantasize about Sir Suit and what might have been under that suit. 
“You're so horrible, Piper,” I whisper, allowing myself one last smirk before I crawl out of bed and my expression turns into a permanent scowl.
There's nothing to keep me occupied today. Work doesn't start until tomorrow, which means that I'm trapped at home unless Gloria wants to hang out. With that thought in mind, I quickly grab my phone and dial her number, but it turns out that she's spending the day with her mother, which means that I'm screwed.
“Crap,” I grumble after hanging up. 
I get dressed and head downstairs, still rubbing the sleep from my eyes. As the soft sound of the television invades my ears, my heart sinks. One of the boys is already up. To be honest, I'm a bit surprised. Yesterday, I thought they'd never wake up. 
When I reach the bottom of the stairs, I find Earl in the living room watching television and eating a bowl of cereal. He glances at me over the sofa, then goes back to watching his show.
“Good morning to you too,” I say before turning to head back to the kitchen.
He doesn't react, not that I give a shit. The less we speak to each other, the better.
My blood boils as I see the milk sitting out on the kitchen counter. I take long strides across the room, gripping the handle of the gallon jug a bit too tightly before flinging open the refrigerator door and shoving it back inside. It was sitting literally right next to the refrigerator. How hard would it have been for him to put it back? The fucking cereal is out on the counter too. 
“Calm down, Piper.” I try not to jump to conclusions, remembering the lasagna. Maybe I have this all wrong too.
My hands are shaking from stress. This is not a good way to start my Sunday. Will all of my days be like this? Silently, I curse my mother for dying. I don't give two shits that her sleazy husband died. But why did she have to die? I'm so not cut out for this parenting crap.
I grip the kitchen counter and try to recompose myself. Freaking out isn't going to solve anything. I've done it every day since I've been home, and nothing has changed. Eventually, I'm going to have to get over what happened and learn to live with my new reality. I can't continue to look at the boys as my enemies or this will never work.
I stare at my hands, waiting until the shaking subsides before I push myself away from the kitchen counter and walk back into the living room to talk to Earl. He doesn't even turn at the sound of my footsteps, perhaps wanting to ignore me as much as I want to ignore him.
“Hey, Earl?” I rub the back of my neck. Even talking to him feels awkward. 
“What?” his tone is clipped.
I stare past him at the television. It looks like he's watching some reality show. I wonder if he's so engrossed in it that I'm annoying him.
“Did you leave the milk and cereal out for me?” It feels like an odd question, but I want to give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Oh, did I leave it out?” He gives a slight turn of his head but still doesn't look at me.
Anger returns to me like a slap in the face. That little fucking slob.
Cruel words rocket to the tip of my tongue, but I swallow them before they have a chance to escape. Even though I'm ticked off, I know that the last thing I need is to fight with him. The less drama between us, the better. Besides, I would not put it past him to storm out of the house without telling me where he was going. 
I give the wall a few gentle punches though I really want to slam my fist through it. “Try to remember to put the milk away next time, will you?” I say between clenched teeth.
“Alright,” he replies absentmindedly.
By the time I return to the kitchen, I feel a stress headache coming on. All of the calmness I'd gathered before is gone. I can't handle this. I just...can't.
Succumbing to the panic attack overtaking me, I head back upstairs to cry and breathe into my pillow. Coming downstairs was a bad idea. They can have the house today. I'm going to stay holed up in my room until night comes, and then I'll leave again. It's the only way to keep my sanity.
I take off my clothes and crawl back under the covers, feeling their warm embrace. It's the most soothing thing I can experience inside of this house. That and looking at pictures of my mother. I roll over and open the bedside table drawer, pulling out a framed picture of my mother holding me as a small child. She's smiling, looking genuinely happy. I was happy back then too. It seems like so long ago. Why did I ever have to grow up? Why did I have to become an adult and get dealt such a raw hand?
I lie in bed until my body calms, thinking about so many things. Rationality returns to me, and I begin to wonder why I got so upset in the first place. I shouldn't let one mistake ruin my entire day. Yet now I'm terrified to go back downstairs. Up here, I'm safe. If I don't leave this room, then nothing else bad can happen. If I go back downstairs...
Stubbornly, I decide to stick to the plan of staying in bed all day. It's childish, but if it can keep me from having another mental breakdown, then it will be well worth it. Depression should help me to sleep off and on all day. While I'm awake, I can play games or browse the internet on my phone or read a book. Eventually, I'll get hungry, but I think I can hold out until tonight.  
Satisfied with my plan, I curl into a little ball and drift back to sleep. It's not until my phone rings that I wake again, groggily rolling over to look at the caller ID. To my surprise, it's Ann Longworth, my new boss. For a moment, I think about letting it go to voice mail, but then I answer against my better judgment.
“Hi, Ann,” I say in my most chipper tone.
“Good morning, Piper. I hope I'm not bothering you.” 
“No. Not at all. What's up?” I push myself into a sitting position.
“Not a whole lot. I was just wondering if you'd like to have lunch with me today. I know you don't start work until tomorrow, so I'll understand if you say no. I just kind of wanted to take the time to get to know you better.”
I glance at the clock. It's almost 11 AM, still pretty early in the day. While it doesn't sound particularly exciting, if I go to lunch with her, it will get me out of the house for a while. I just hope this isn't going to be like a second interview.
“Sure,” I reply hesitantly.
“Lovely. You can pick me up at noon, then.” Her voice brightens with delight. I can't help but grin at how happy she sounds.
“Alright. I'll be looking forward to it,” I tell her before hanging up the phone.
Meeting her at noon doesn't give me a lot of time to get dressed. I suppose it doesn't really matter, though. It's Sunday—a lazy day—and I already have the job, so it's not like I need to go out of my way to impress her.
I quickly throw on the same pair of jeans and plain gray T-shirt that I was wearing earlier, then pull my hair up into a messy, high ponytail before heading out the door. It's not until I'm halfway to Ann's house that I realize she might have wanted to go somewhere fancy. If that's the case, I'm way under-dressed and she's going to be highly disappointed. 
I pull up in her driveway and look at my reflection in the rear-view mirror, silently cursing myself for not taking more time to get ready. The least I could have done was put on a nice blouse, but I was in such a hurry to get out of that stifling environment. Oh well. There's nothing that can be done about it now. 
I take a deep breath and stroll up to her front door before glancing at the intercom and decided to knock instead. Annoying nervousness is welling up inside of me, and I'm starting to think this wasn't the best idea. Surely, staying in bed would have been a much better way to spend my day. At least, taking her out to lunch will make it look like I care. And I do care, to a certain extent.
Ann opens the door, and my eyes are immediately drawn down to the white lace ruffled collar of her blouse. Inwardly, I smirk. She even dresses old for her age. She seems to have sophisticated taste though. Her long hair is drawn back into the same ponytail she sported the day before, but it's covered with a small black pillbox hat—very antiquated. She's wearing a black blazer over her blouse and matching slacks. I'm beginning to think she did want to go somewhere fancy for lunch after all.
“Well don't you look relaxed.” She takes my outfit in as well, and there's no condescension in her tone.
“It is a Sunday.” I shrug and smile, feeling my cheeks heat up with a mix of embarrassment and disappointment in myself for being so impatient. “And I wasn't sure where you would want to go.”
“Oh, I don't really care as long as I get out of the house.” She digs into her purse for a moment before pulling out a set of car keys and handing them over to me. “Come on in. We'll go through the garage.”
I follow her inside, trying to think of somewhere for us to go while she locks the door behind us and then takes me to the garage to retrieve her car. When she flips on the garage light, I'm surprised to find an Aston Martin Rapide S sitting there. My mouth drops open for a fraction of a second, then I quickly recover. Aunt Alyce did say that Ann has money.
“Nice car,” I comment before walking over to the driver's side. 
“Thank you, dear. My son bought it for me.” She slips into the passenger seat beside me.
“What does your son do for a living?” 
“He invests in companies,” she replies nonchalantly as she buckles up.
“It looks like he's good at it.” I adjust the seat until I'm comfortable.
“Money has always been his passion. Do you have siblings?”
My hand reaches up to tilt the rear-view mirror so I can see better, and my lips instantly dip into a scowl. “I have two step-brothers.”
“Step-brothers,” she parrots back absentmindedly. “That must have made it interesting growing up.”
“Not the good kind of interesting.” I click the button on the garage door opener, then wait for it to open. It doesn't creak like that one at my house, obviously well maintained.
“Well, at least you're an adult now and don't have to deal with them.” 
“If only that were the truth.” I shake my head slightly.
“Oh?” She glances over at me.
“They're the reason I moved back.” My mood is sour at the thought of talking about my brothers, but I try to be sweet about it. This conversation was going to come up eventually, after all. The question is, how much information do I actually want to disclose.
“I don't mean to pry.” Ann folds her hand in her lap, looking apologetic.
“No. It's alright. I don't mind talking about it. But perhaps it's a conversation better left for the restaurant.”

***

After taking about ten minutes to decide on a restaurant, we finally settle on the Galley Diner, a place well known for their corned beef hash. Discussing where to go eat at with Ann reminded me of an awkward first date. She seemed indifferent, but I have a feeling that was only to please me. It's a funny thing to think, considering that I'm the employee and she's the boss. I appreciate that she let me have an opinion though.
We settle into a table at the Galley Diner and my eyes instantly drift down to the tacky floral table cloth. I wonder if she loves it because it has roses on it or hates it because it looks cheap. This place is far from fancy, but it has great food. At the end of the day, that's all that should matter. I'm still not sure how her taste with such things leans, though.
“So tell me what your step-brothers have to do with you moving back here?” she asks after the waiter takes our drink order. 
Up to that point, we'd both been silent, spending our time staring at the pictures on the walls and almost anything else but each other.
“It's a really long story.” I let out a short, pathetic groan, wishing I hadn't said anything in the first place. 
“I have all the time in the world.” 
I open my mouth to speak but then see the waiter bringing us our drinks and close it again. We ramble off our orders and then I sit patiently while she squeezes a wedge of lemon into her tea and tops it off with two packets of Splenda before stirring. If I can remember this, I'll earn brownie points when she requests that I make her tea and I can do it without asking her how she likes it.
“So are your brothers from your mother's side or your father's side?”
“They're actually not related to me by blood,” I reply hesitantly. It's a reminder that I shouldn't be saddled with them in the first place. Technically, they're nothing to me. 
“Then why would you have to come back for them?” 
I furrow my brow, trying to think of how to explain things. “Our parents died, so I had to come back to finish raising them.”
“How tragic.” She pulls the spoon out of her tea and sets it aside.
“It is tragic. I left a life I loved behind for them, and we're not even related.” It's not exactly true. While I was satisfied with my life, I didn't exactly love it. Anything is better than this, though. “So this is what happened.” I exhale deeply, preparing to completely unload. 
Ann holds out her hand to stop me. “You don't have to tell me anything that you don't want to, Piper.”
“If you don't want to hear it...” my voice trails off.
“No. It's not that.” She shakes her head. “I can just tell that the subject makes you uncomfortable.”
“It does. But I might feel better if I talk about it.” 
“Then I'm all ears.” A soft smile spreads across her face.
My tongue darts out to lick my lips, my mouth feeling suddenly dry. I take a drink of water, but it seems like the moisture evaporates the second that I swallow. I just hope I can get through the story without falling apart.
“My father died of prostate cancer when I was eleven. It was a hard time for me. He was my everything. I had always been a daddy's girl.” I stare through my glass of water, not really seeing it. Memories of fishing with my father and us playing with my dolls and him teaching me how to shoot a bow roll through my head like a happy montage of times past.
“I'm so sorry, dear. You've experienced so much loss for someone so young.” Ann takes a sip of her tea, her eyes ever attentive.
Ignoring her kind words, I continue, “My mother had always been the caregiver. My father was the fun parent. For that reason, my mother and I weren't particularly close. I didn't think we ever would be. For the longest time, I wished it had been her instead of him who had died.
“His death brought us closer together though. In the following years, she really stepped up to the plate. She did whatever she could to fill his shoes. She became like...the best mom ever.” My eyes begin to water as I think of those happy years when we did everything together and shared everything like best friends. “But then she met a man,” my tone takes a sullen turn.
“Your step-father?” She puts the pieces together.
“Yes.” I nod, feeling bitterness pooling in my heart. “It wasn't bad at first. He seemed nice. People aren't always what they seem, though.
“No, they're not.” 
“He had two sons. One was just an infant, the other not much older. When he and my mom began getting serious, I ended up saddled with babysitting all of the time. My mother became distant to me. She seemed obsessed with dating this man. I became less of a daughter and more of a maid and nanny.
“I talked to my mom about it, but she never listened. She had turned into someone else. Her focus was solely on making Vince happy and building a life with him. 
“They got married and then somehow both forgot how to be parents,” I let out a disgruntled huff. “To make matters worse, Vince and the boys were like wrecking balls. All three of them were slobs, and I was the one who had to clean up all of their messes. They could do no wrong in my mother's eyes. She put the boys before me, constantly trying to please Vince.”
“How horrible.” Ann draws her hand up to her mouth.
“I felt like an unappreciated slave, so naturally I moved out the second that I turned eighteen. I walked out of that house and never looked back, hating and despising Vince and my step-brothers for what they put me through.”
The waiter brings us our order, startling me out of my heavy speech. Ann comments about how quickly our food was delivered, and then we dig in, falling into silence again aside from the occasional comment about how good everything is. It's not until we're about halfway through our meal that she speaks again.
“It's understandable that you would feel bitter towards your brothers.” She picks absentmindedly at her eggs benedict. 
“They're not my brothers,” I correct her. “But they're still my burden.” As I look across at her plate, I realize she's hardly eaten at all. “Do you not like it?”
“It's good. I just don't eat much as of late. But do continue your story.” She moves her food around, perhaps to make it look like she ate more.
I sigh, feeling my own appetite wane. “I left Massachusetts to go to college in Utah. Life got better after I moved out. I met a guy and we got engaged. My mother and I spoke on the phone, and we felt more like a mother and daughter through those conversations than we had when I lived in her house. Still, we drifted apart.
“Then one day I got a phone call.” I chew my bottom lip, trying not to allow the memory to make me emotional. “My step-father had apparently gone crazy. He shot my mother and then himself.”
Ann pauses mid-bite, her fork suspended in the air. “Oh my God, Piper, I'm so sorry.”
“The boys were both at school at the time, so he didn't kill them. But with no other family, they became my responsibility. That's why I'm here.” I set my fork down and look away.
“And your fiance, what does he think about all of this?”
“There is no fiance. He cheated on me. I'm all alone.” Saying it makes my chest feel hollow. “I'm all alone having to raise two kids that I...” I choke on the word. Hate. That's what I wanted to say. I hate my step-brothers.
“You're a very responsible and mature young woman.” She gives me undeserved praise. Nothing that I've done since returning to Boston has been responsible. I've just been doing what I have to to get by.
“I don't want this responsibility.” I shake my head before propping my elbows up on the table and cradling my face in my hands.
“Life is full of unfortunate circumstances and events. It's how we handle them that shapes who we are.” Ann slides her hand across the table to squeeze my arm.
I look up at her, my eyes bloodshot from the tears threatening to come forth. “I haven't been handling this well at all. Those two boys, they're like a reminder of how my life went wrong. So many years of babysitting and cleaning up after them. I don't want to be their mother. I don't want anything to do with them.”
I expect her to be sympathetic, but her expression hardens slightly. “Piper, this isn't just about you. I know that you feel like you've suffered a great loss, and you have. But they've lost their father—a parent—too. They're hurting right now. And if they have no one else to be there for them, then that person has to be you.
“I'm not saying that it's going to be easy. And I'm not saying that the past and what happened to you isn't going to haunt you. But you need to remember that the way your mother and their father treated you wasn't their fault.”
My mouth falls open at the fact that she's defending them, and I suddenly feel angry. “It was their fault. They didn't have to be little slobs. They could have helped me out. Done some chores. They saw how hard I worked.”
“They were how old?” She smirks as if me being upset is amusing.
“It doesn't matter," I grumble.
“It does matter. Kids are impressionable. They follow their parents' lead. If their father was as much of a slob as you're saying he was, and your mother always made you clean up after him and them, then why wouldn't they continue that pattern of behavior? If your parents never got onto them for being messy, then why would they stop?
“I know that sounds horrible, but that's the way things often are. Most people don't magically inherit compassion, especially at such a young age. And boys are the worst.” She rolls her eyes. “How old are they now?”
“The oldest one is fifteen. His younger brother is eleven.” I sink back into my chair, crossing my arms over my chest.
“Good. They're much older now.” She nods. “Don't punish them for what their father did. They have nothing to do with that. They're likely hurting just as much as you are. And don't think of them and yourself as you were when you lived together previously. You're the adult now, and they'll listen to you. Maybe not right away.”
“Or not at all. We're practically strangers to each other,” I cut her off.
She closes her eyes, and I realize that I should have kept my mouth shut. “They will. Give them time. And be compassionate. The kinder you are, the more you can communicate, the more likely they are to listen to you. Trust me on this. They know they're not the only ones who lost someone. They know that things are going to change. You just need to show them the way.”
It's an oddly comforting thing to hear. Motherly advice. Maybe I have been too hard on the boys. Have been raising my guard too high, refusing to let them in because of distant painful memories. There's no reason for me to continue to be so bitter towards them when we're all hurting right now.
“Thanks, Ann.” A small smile lifts the corners of my lips.
“No problem, dear. Life is hard sometimes, especially when faced with seemingly impossible scenarios. I can't offer you much, but I'll be here to listen and give you advice when I can. It's the least that I can do.” 
“It's more than enough.” 
“Now how about we get some to-go boxes and head back. I'm sure you have a lot to think about.” Ann gazes at me across the table with a twinkle in her eyes, and I know that she can tell that her words have made a difference. 

***

Theory and practice are two different things.
The second that I step through the door of my house, I have that nagging uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach. I know I shouldn't dwell on the past, but just looking at the kitchen and thinking about how Earl left the milk out this morning makes me angry.
This is your chance to retrain them. You're the adult now. You make the rules. I repeat that mantra in my head several times. They're hurting right now. You should be there for them.
I walk into the living room and find both boys sitting on the sofa watching Sons of Anarchy. There are empty paper plates on the coffee table and opened soda cans without coasters beneath them. My right eye twitches as the yearning to yell at them kicks in. Then I realize that I need to take a step back. Being pissed off has gotten me nowhere with them so far. 
“Hey, guys. Whatcha watching?” I lean over the side of the sofa nonchalantly.
“Television,” Earl grunts, not even turning to look at me.
How I want to ring his little neck. Or at least smack him in the back of the head. If we were blood-related, I wouldn't hesitate to do it. He's being a rude little shit.
“Did you have a good lunch?” My gaze falls to a mustard smear on one of the plates.
“We had corn dogs.” Joe's large brown eyes meet mine. He's oblivious to the tension between Earl and I, definitely the sweeter of the two boys.
“Were they good?” I cross my arms over the back of the sofa and smile at him.
“Mhm.” He nods.
“Could you be quiet? We're trying to watch television,” Earl barks at me, making me instantly recoil.
Fuck this shit. If he's going to be a prick, then why should I even keep trying. They're obviously fine on their own. They can do their own thing and I'll do my own thing. No need for us to interact.
Disgusted, I decide to take off again, this time to Walmart to pick up a lock for my bedroom door. I groan when I pull into the parking lot and realize that it's only 4 PM. The day is going by so slowly. 
With a seemingly never-ending surplus of time to kill, I walk the aisles, picking up things that I want but don't actually need, then changing my mind and putting them back. I try on outfits that I'd never wear, look at shoes that I'd normally find hideous. Everything is interesting when you're killing time. If I weren't so lazy, I'd hop from store to store, but I feel drained on so many levels. Emotionally. Physically. Psychologically. 
Once I finish shopping, I get into the longest line to check out. Then I put my items out in my car and come back inside to eat at the Subway attached to the store. Each bite is meticulously slow. My eyes flit between the clock on the wall and my turkey sandwich. Club Fet doesn't open until 8 PM. It's 6 PM now. By the time I go home, install my lock and get dressed, it will be time to leave. It will be boring getting there so early, but I'd rather be at the club than stay at home.
I finish my sandwich and throw my trash away. Then I head back out to my car, sighing as I slip behind the steering wheel. If I'm lucky, the boys will both be up in their rooms when I get home. That's highly unlikely, though. It's probably going to be another game of avoidance from the second that I walk through the door.
I listen to the radio to soothe my nerves on the way home. Low and behold, when I step into the house, the boys are still both watching television. I shake my head and grab a screwdriver from one of the drawers in the kitchen before going to my bedroom to change the doorknob. Just because they're home doesn't mean that I have to interact with them.
I'm about twenty shades of frustrated by the time I pry the knob and locking mechanism out of its packaging. Why manufacturers insist on sealing everything in so tightly that it practically takes an act of God to cut the product out, I'll never know. 
Calm down. Once you put the lock on the door, you'll feel a lot better. You'll have more privacy. And besides, you still have time to kill. Doing this now will keep you occupied.
I suck in a breath, trying desperately to calm myself. Then I grip the screwdriver firmly in my right hand and start unscrewing the old doorknob from the door. The screws come out blessedly easy and I'm able to pull the doorknobs free on both sides. The locking mechanism, however...
I stick my finger in the hole where the doorknob should be, gripping the latch and trying to wiggle it out. It doesn't give. I grab the screwdriver and push it through the hole where the original doorknobs went through the latch. Then I grab both sides of the screwdriver and yank towards me. It still doesn't budge.
Stress balls up in my chest and floats to my head like smoke, burning my eyes. My teeth are clenched so tightly that I feel like they could crack. Violently, I jerk at the latch, losing all composure. It's a lot more stable than I am. After nearly ripping the door off of its hinges, I surrender, letting go of the screwdriver to sit back on my calves and cry uncontrollably. Why can't anything go right in this house? 
“Are you alright?” a soft voice asks me from down the hall.
I glance back to see Earl standing there looking at me with an uncomfortable expression. Quickly, I wipe my eyes, sucking back in the emotions that so desperately need to spill out. “I'm fine.”
He takes an apprehensive step forward. “Do you need some help?”
I hold my hand out to him, turning my face away so that he can't see the fresh tear trail streaming down one of my cheeks. “I got this. Just go back and watch television.”
For a few moments, everything is silent except for the sound of my breathing. I wait for Earl's footsteps to retreat back into the living room, but they don't. My arm is getting sore from me holding it out, but I feel so frazzled that I'm practically frozen in place. 
Finally, he moves. Not away from me, but towards me. Stubbornly, I refuse to acknowledge him. All I want is to be left alone. It's taking everything in me not to say that much. If one rude thing comes out of his mouth, I know I'll snap. I can't hold myself together any longer.
“Here.” He kneels beside me and picks up the screwdriver. 
Against my better judgment, I look to see what he's doing. He jams the head of the screwdriver between the bracket of the latch and the wood of the door and wiggles slightly. Almost immediately, it starts to come loose. Within seconds, he has it pulled out. 
I move back to give him room, expecting him to lay the latch at my feet and return to the living room. He doesn't though. Silently, he sets the latch down, then picks up the new doorknob and begins installing it. All the while, I just sit there and sniffle.
When he's done, he gathers the old doorknob and the trash from the floor, then he stands. “There. All done. You don't need this stuff anymore, do you? If not, I'm going to throw it away.”
“No.” I shake my head.
I stare at the newly installed doorknob as Earl steps out of view and walks down the hall. It's such a surreal moment, and I'm still in shock that he actually came to help me. I've been horrible to him, and he came to help me.
“Earl?” I twist around.
He pauses at the end of the hallway, turning his head but not actually looking at me. “Yeah?”
“Thanks,” the word is so soft that it's barely audible. 
“You're welcome.”
My gaze falls to the floor and I smile. Maybe this is progress.
“Piper?”
“Hm?” I glance back up at him.
“Would it be okay if I got a lock for my door too?”
“Yeah.” I wipe my eyes with the back of my arm. “Sure. I'll pick one up for you next time I go to the store.”
“Thanks.” He grins back at me, and for the first time since moving back home, I feel like things might be okay. 

***

I lie on my back in bed, thinking about so many things. Crying in the hall depleted all of my leftover energy, so I decide to stay home. Besides, after that strange bonding moment with Earl, I started to feel bad about wanting to go out. 
 I take a shower followed by a nice, long bath. Thoughts of the things that Ann said and the kindness that Earl showed me gives me hope for a better future. I begin to consider how things could be. I'll never be the boys' mother, but at least we can be a family. Family is there for one another. 
By the time I return to my bedroom, I'm oddly content. It's only 8 PM, but I'm already tired. The thought of going to bed so early makes me feel old. I have nothing to stay up for though. 
“I can't believe I slept so much today and I'm already ready to sleep again.” I toss myself onto the bed. 
My mind drifts to what might have happened had I gone to Club Fet tonight. Would Sir Suit have been there? Probably not this early. Maybe not at all, since it's a Sunday. Businessmen typically get their kicks in on Fridays and Saturdays. I'm likely not missing much.
I sigh, hugging myself. The robe I'm wearing is plush and comfortable. Tonight I'm craving a man's embrace though. It's not too late to get up and get dressed, I think briefly. But then laziness takes over and my grip relaxes as I realize that I'm not leaving this bed for the rest of the night.
There's no point in pretending that I'll suddenly get a second wind. I'm down for the night. Submitting to that fact, I pull off my robe and crawl under the covers. 
It's nice to be able to sleep naked now that I don't have to worry about being barged in on. It was one of my favorite things about having my own apartment. Back in Utah, I used to walk around naked all of the time on my days off. I don't have that luxury here, but being able to do it in my room is the next best thing.
I purr as I wiggle myself into a comfortable position, picturing Sir Suit's handsome face. His gaze was so intense. How he looked at me made me feel violated in all of the best ways. If he could do that much with just his eyes, I can't even imagine what his hands could do. Or maybe I can. A mischievous grin creeps across my lips as I allow my fingertips to lazily explore down my curves, wondering if he'd be slow and gentle or aggressive and rough.
“Good evening, Miss Gravatt.” He's standing behind me, his large hands sliding over my hips.
In my fantasy, I'm naked, but he's not. We're in some swanky penthouse and he's getting ready to have his way with me. While I have no idea what his voice actually sounds like, I imagine that it's masculine silk. Smooth and powerful and Dominant, but not overbearing or gravelly. 
“Good evening, Sir.” I reach back to caress his face, feeling the thinnest layer of stubble brush beneath my fingertips. He smells strong of expensive cologne.
He's not looking at me the same way that he did at Club Fet. That's a look for the chase. He's already caught me. Now his eyes are hooded, knowing that he's about to get what we both deeply desire.
“I've been dreaming about this all day.” He cups my chin, gently pulling my face close to his so that our lips are almost touching. He doesn't kiss me though. He leaves me wanting. Always wanting more of him.
“How about we make your dreams come true?” I turn in his arms, clutching his tie and pulling it out from beneath his suit jacket.
The fantasy fast forwards through the seduction until we get to the good stuff. He already has me so wet and ready, bent over a chair with my ass sticking out. His shirt is unbuttoned, his chiseled chest and abs visually teasing me beneath it. He pulls his cock out of his pants, and I'm more than impressed by its size. It's long and veiny with a thick pink head, swollen and ready to take me to the heights of ecstasy.
I push my hips back towards him, the cool air feeling delicious against my pussy. In real time, my hand slips between my legs, but I imagine that it's his hand warming me up for his entry. He rubs his middle finger delicately across my lower lips, feeling the velvety skin there. Back and forth he pets, and my body responds by growing more aroused. Internally, I'm practically begging for him to thrust a thick digit into me, and then more.
“Please, Sir,” I whisper into the darkness, arching my back to show my need for him.
“You're such a wanton girl,” his voice is husky with amusement.
“I've wanted this since the moment I first laid eyes on you.”
“Is that so?” A short laugh escapes his lips. “I'd certainly hate to disappoint you.”
Just the tip of his finger crests my folds, dipping into the slickness there. He's nowhere near my hole, the slowness of his actions driving me insane. I need to be fucked. The fantasy can't drag on any longer.
He gives me what I want, grabbing his shaft and guiding it to my cunt. I plunge two fingers deeply into my pussy as he plunges his cock into me. It's so wide that it hurts, but it's the amazing kind of pain that quickly melts into pleasure. He grips my hips and slides all the way inside, filling me completely. It's so good.
I whimper as he begins rocking. My core throbs in approval. In and out, full and empty, over and over again. He picks up the pace, his balls slapping against my nub. I use my free hand to stimulate my clit while I finger myself hard and fast. All the while, I picture what his expression might look like. He drags his tongue across his bottom lip, wetting it. His hooded gaze takes my arousal to a new place.
“Fuck me! Yeah! Fuck me hard!” the words come out in a heated blur.
“Fuck you? I'm going to destroy you,” he growls.
His grip tightens around me, his fingers digging into my soft flesh. The bite of pain it causes sends a shudder throughout my entire body. My nipples bead from the waves of bliss rolling through me.
He slams into me again and again. The friction between us sets us both on fire. His breathing is ragged, his muscles contracting beautifully as he works behind me like a machine built for my pleasure.
And then I feel the best thing of all. His dick thickens and twitches as it spews into me. The overwhelming stimulation of it rockets me to the edge. I crumble, squeezing around him as his cock fights against my tightness. 
“Oh God.” I tilt my head back as the intensity of the orgasm makes me sees stars. 
The fantasy fades away, and I'm left panting on my bed. As my senses return to me, I can still hear the faint sound of the television in the background. It brings me back to reality quicker than I would have liked—makes me wish I would have waited for the boys to go to bed. I needed this though. And now, I need sleep.

***

It's my first day of work, and surprisingly, I'm not nervous at all. Perhaps that lunch with Ann was more helpful than I thought. 
All of my feelings of comfort go out the window though when she opens the door to me and I see a look of concern and uncertainty on her face. She's not even smiling, and that makes my heart sink into the pit of my stomach.
“Good morning, Ann,” I greet her in my most cheerful voice.
“Good morning, Piper.” She glances past me.
“Is something wrong?” I try to swallow the fear that I'm about to be fired before I've even begun working for her.
“No. Come on in.” She moves aside to allow me entry. I step into the foyer, then wait for her to close the door and give me instructions. She keeps her head bowed as if avoiding my gaze. “I'd like for you to make breakfast this morning. Eggs and bacon should be sufficient. Make some toast, too.”
Straight to work. At least, that's a relief.
She leads me into the kitchen where I quickly explore the cabinets and drawers to find everything that I'll need. The space is well organized. All of the pots and pans are neatly placed side by side in the cabinets. The utensils are perfectly stacked in their drawer. Her refrigerator is clean and clutter-free.
Ann takes a seat at the small round breakfast table to watch me work. “I want one egg sunny side up. Two scrambled. You can make yours however you'd like. Make eight pieces of bacon and six pieces of toast. Cook the bacon until it's close to burnt.”
“Yes, ma'am,” I chirp as I pull the carton of eggs from the fridge.
“I'd also like you to put some orange juice in a pitcher. And some milk.”
I smirk at the request. I've never understood people who do such silly things. It makes fewer dishes to wash if you just pour out of the container. But I suppose it doesn't really matter to her since she's not the one who will be washing the dishes.
“I want everything to be perfect.” Ann stands and walks over to the china cabinet to take out place settings. As I glance over, I notice that she's removed three of everything.
“Expecting company?” I ask while heating oil up in a pan.
She finishes placing the plates and cups on the table before pressing both of her palms against it and leaning over looking exhausted. “My son will be joining us.”
“Your son, huh?” I smirk. “Is he single?”
She gives me a warning tilt of her head. “I'm afraid this won't be a pleasant visit.”
“Is that why you're having me make him breakfast? To butter him up?” I try to imagine what Ann's son might look like. If he has her same wispy blonde hair and light brown eyes, he might be quite the looker. That's probably hoping for too much, though. Besides, it's not like I can sleep with my boss' son, so what does it really matter. 
“That's a large part of the reason.” She lowers herself back down into one of the chairs.
I place the bacon in the pan that I heated up, one strip at a time. Then I get started on the eggs, making Ann's first, since hers is the only one that's going to be sunny side up. The smell of breakfast food fills the air, making my stomach rumble. 
“I need to warn you about my son,” Ann speaks up from the breakfast nook.
“Hm?” I glance over the bar at her.
“The reason he's coming,” she hesitates. “I didn't tell him that I hired you.”
“So?” I open up the breadbox to pull out the loaf of bread and start cutting slices.
“So he's a bit of a control freak. He's not happy that I went behind his back and hired someone to help me around here.”
“I don't see how that's any of his business.” I cut six thick slices of bread and take them over to the toaster, hoping that they'll fit inside. The only time I ever have to cut bread myself is when I'm at a restaurant. Doing it for breakfast just seems kind of weird. I feel like I should have expected that everything Ann had would be homemade, though. 
“Butter those, will you?” She nods to the bread.
I set the sliced bread down to grab the butter container from the refrigerator and a knife from one of the drawers before returning to the toaster.
“I just don't want him to scare you away. He can be a little rude and brazen when he's unhappy. He probably won't treat you with much kindness.” Ann scowls. “I know this is a lot to put on you on your first day of work, and you didn't ask for this. I had hoped to keep you a secret, for a while at least.”
The sheer look of fear in her eyes is worrisome. Her son must be a pompous asshole for her to be this upset.
I drop what I'm doing and walk over to Ann, drawing her attention up to me. “Hey.”
She smiles softly, reaching out to take my hand in hers.
“You're a grown woman. You don't need your son bullying you. And I'm certainly not going to let him scare me off if that's not what you want. I'll try my best to be perfect so that he doesn't hate me.” I give her hand a gentle squeeze.
“You're a doll, Piper.” She pats the top of my hand. “But I'm afraid that my son is a stubborn man. It's going to take more than a nice breakfast to sway him. Speaking of which, you're burning the bacon.”
“Oh crap!” I run back to the kitchen. The smoke nearly bowls me over. I'm surprised I didn't smell it sooner.
I grab a fork and try to salvage the bacon though there are some pieces that are far too black for saving. While I'm debating on whether or not I should start over, the doorbell rings. My stomach instantly does a back flip. Ann has me all nervous about meeting her son, and if this is what he walks in on, I definitely won't make a good first impression.
“Could you get that?” Ann gestures towards the door.
A wave of discontent washes over me. Is she so afraid of her son that she won't even answer the door? I should be finishing up cooking breakfast while she buys me time by letting him in. For a moment, I think of saying as much. Instead, I wipe my hands on a dishtowel before scurrying towards the front door. When I get there, I pause. It's my first day at work, and it feels like everything is already going wrong. My day will likely only get worse when I open the door and face Ann's son. Hopefully, he won't be as much of a douchebag as she's making him out to be.
I straighten the front of my dress and inhale deeply before unlocking the door and wrapping my hand around the handle. My mouth curves into the largest fake grin that I can muster, and I internally practice my happiest greeting. When I pull the door open, though, any words that I might have said are replaced by a small gasp. My mouth falls agape, and one of the great mysteries of recent is solved. Sir Suit's eyes are gray. 






CHAPTER NINE
HOLDEN


“Who's Piper?” I reach across and lazily tug on one of the metal balls of the Newton's cradle sitting on my desk. It clacks against the middle balls and sends the ball on the end sailing into its rhythmic pattern. My secretary gave it to me as a Christmas present a few years ago, and I never thought I'd so much as glance at it once she placed it on my desk. It's proven to be a good way to stave off boredom during pointless phone calls, though. 
Click. Clack. Click.
I typically stare at it and think about random things while the person on the other end of the line prattles on about stuff I don't give a shit about. This time, that person is my mother. 
It feels like my duty as her son to call her daily, not that either of us ever has anything interesting to say. This is more for her comfort, so she doesn't get so lonely. I know that things have been hard on her since my father passed away. 
As I stare at the Newton's cradle, I think about how boring Club Fet was last night. I had gone in hoping that I'd see the raven-haired beauty. It was a stupid thing to hope for. Most people stay home on Sunday night. Normally, I would have stayed home too. I was searching though. Searching for something new.
Of course, there were new faces there. There always are. But no one who really caught my attention. Perhaps because I'm picky. One of my greatest flaws. When I see something that I want, I'm usually discontent until I get it. That makes me think I should have tried harder to break Raven away from Sir Jeremy on Saturday night. I could tell by the look in his eyes that he wasn't going to allow that to happen though. Prick.
There's a long pause on the other end of the line. 
“Mom?”
She lets out a sigh. “Piper is my new housekeeper.”
“What?” My hand balls into a fist.
“I needed help around the house, so I hired a housekeeper,” she replies matter of factly. “The place seems a lot bigger without your father here.”
I roll my eyes, knowing that's just an excuse. What she really wants is company. “That's bullshit. The old man never lifted a finger to help you around there. You're just lonely. Hasn't going to church been enough for you?”
“It's not bullshit,” anger surges forth in her voice. “I'm getting old, Holden. I need someone around to help me out.”
“Then why didn't you talk to me?” I reach out to still the balls from clacking. Now that I'm actually paying attention to the conversation, they're starting to annoy me. 
“Why should I have told you? It's none of your business.”
“Except it is my business.” My jaw clenches and I force a sarcastic smile that I know she can't see. “You're not known for being the best judge of character. And most housekeepers aren't worth the ink on their resumes. Please tell me you, at least, went through a reputable company.”
“I don't need you to tell me how to hire people.” She huffs.
“Where did you find her then?” I gesture into the air, knowing I'm not going to like the answer.
“She's the niece of one of my church friends.”
“So she's underage?”
“No. She's old enough.”
“Old enough,” I parrot back, shaking my head. “So let me guess, she has no credentials.”
“Well,” she hesitates, “No, but she's a sweet girl, and I think she'll be well suited for what I need.”
“Fire her.” I pull the Newton's cradle closer to me and start two balls going at once. This will be resolved soon enough and we can go back to more pleasant conversation.
“No.”
“No?” I grab the balls, squeezing them so hard that I feel the strings straining to keep them attached to the device. “I'll hire someone else for you. Someone qualified.”
“You most certainly will not.” 
“Mom. Please.” I draw my hand up to my brow, trying to massage the stress out. “If you don't know this girl then you don't know what she might do. Housekeepers steal from their employees all the time. Especially the young ones. If she doesn't have credentials, then she doesn't have a track record to examine. Just because she's the niece of one of your church friends doesn't mean that she's a good person.”
“Holden Oliver Longworth! Would you shut up?” 
Even though I'm a grown man, it still makes the hair on the back of my neck bristle to hear her use my full name like that. It means that she's had enough, that she's only moments away from hanging up on me. 
“Listen, Mom,” my tone softens, trying to calm her anger. “I'm only saying this because I care. I don't want to see some stranger take advantage of you.”
“And I'm only saying this because I care. Butt out. There are a lot of things I can do without you, and this is one of them. If it blows up in my face, it's my own fault.”
“But Mom, it doesn't have to if you just let me hire someone for you. Hell, you can borrow my housekeeper if you need one immediately. I'd hate to let—”
“Holden.” She stops me. “Holden, I've got this. She'll be over in a few minutes to start work. I don't want to be all stressed out when she gets here.”
“Wow. You've been keeping this a secret from me for how long?” 
“I just hired her on Saturday,” she sounds surprisingly innocent as if she actually feels guilty.
I'm silent for several moments, the cogs in my head turning. While I want to trust my mother's judgment, she's far too kind and gullible. This is a woman who once fell for an email scam where a complete stranger asked her for money to help his supposedly dying wife with medical treatment that he couldn't afford. 
“I'm coming over for breakfast,” I say finally.
“But you have to work.” The alarm in her voice tells me that she knows exactly why I want to come over. 
“I'll see you soon.” I hang up the phone before she has a chance to protest further. It buzzes almost immediately with her returned call, but I silence it.
Whether she likes it or not, I know what's best for her. Doing her friend a favor by hiring her niece will inevitably turn out to be a mistake. If I can't make my mom fire this girl, then I can damn sure make her quit on her own.

***

Firing people is something I'm good at. I'd even go as far as to say it's a sick pleasure of mine—knowing that I'm ripping someone's livelihood away from them. It gives me such a rush, especially when they're angry. They can yell and scream and curse all they want. At the end of the day, I'm in power.
Of course, that doesn't apply to good employees with a long tenure. Then again, if they're getting fired, then it means they did something to screw me over. There have been few people that I've let go over the years where I've actually felt a twinge of regret. I learned long ago not to take such things personally. If you get your own feelings tangled up with business, it just makes things messy.
Getting rid of this girl should be fairly easy. Intimidating people is my specialty. And once she knows that if she works with the mother then she'll have to deal with the son, she'll go running. I know everything to say to have her scampering off with her tail tucked between her legs.
 I take long, confident strides to the front door of my mother's house, a house I bought my parents when I first started making a lot of money. As my eyes drift over the doorway, I scowl. They could have had any house they wanted, something grand and unique, but my mother insisted on this one, a fairly simple house in an upper-middle-class neighborhood. I'll never understand what she saw in it, but as long as she's happy.
For a moment, I think about using my key and barging right in. There's no point in going into overkill mode, though. Besides, it's far more courteous to knock. I may be here to make this girl quit, but I'm still a gentleman, to some extent. I smirk inwardly at myself before ringing the doorbell. My mother has been expecting me, so there's no point in using the intercom system. 
I smooth down the front of my suit and shove my hands in my pockets, standing up straight to look as imposing as possible. My head is tilted down slightly, ready to meet whoever answers the door with a piercing gaze. If it's my mother, she'll know I'm not happy. If it's the girl, she'll know I'm not here to be friendly.
Waiting makes me impatient. Time is ticking, and I do have work to do, but this takes priority above all else. I need to save my mother before she gets into another situation where she screws herself over.
The door opens finally, and recognition hits me like a ton of bricks. Long dark hair. Full lips. Nice tits. Fuck!
“You,” I seethe, regaining my composure before it physically has a chance to crack. 
Piper is more affected than I am, her perfect little mouth forming a surprised O. My cock twitches as the fantasy of her on her knees in front of me flashes through my mind, but I quickly push it back. She's a sexual deviant, someone who pursues immoral pleasures in her free time. My mother is devoutly Christian. I definitely can't allow her to work for my mother.
“Holden. Dear.” Mom crops up from behind Piper, pulling the doorknob out of her grasp and opening it to welcome me in. Piper immediately turns her gaze to the floor as she steps aside. “Come on in.”
I keep my eyes locked on Piper as I cross the threshold. The way her head is bowed reminds me of a good submissive. Respectful. Maybe a little fearful. She should be afraid of me. I'm about to run her out of the house.
“Something smells burnt.” I sniff the air, momentarily distracted by the scent of smoke coming from the kitchen.
“Your mother said you like your bacon black.” Piper glances up at me. Her eyes are so blue. Gorgeous. I can imagine staring into them as I fuck her. It's a pointless thing to think about though. I'm never going to fuck her. Not after this. We'll be enemies, and that's perfectly fine by me. 
“I like my bacon cooked by someone qualified,” I grumble.
My mother quickly steps between us, placing her hands on my chest. “Holden, be nice. This is Piper, my new housekeeper.” She nods behind herself. “Piper, this is Holden, my stubborn son.” Mom straightens my collar before turning from me. “Let's go have a nice breakfast, shall we.”
I nod toward the dining room, indicating that Piper should go first. It's a good excuse to stare at her ass. The dress she's wearing bounces off her curves as she walks. It's nowhere near as satisfying of a view as it was when she was wearing that tight little skirt at Club Fet. 
“We'll eat in here.” My mother diverts to the breakfast nook, and I follow, watching Piper part from us to head to the kitchen and retrieve the food. 
I pull out a chair and sit. 
Mom is already stressed to the max. I can see it on her face. There's a vein bulging from her forehead. The last thing I want is for her to have a heart attack like Dad did. His stress was work related though. Hers is something else entirely. 
“You don't want that girl working for you.” I gesture back to the kitchen, not caring if Piper can hear me or not.
“Why not?” my mother barks.
“Because, I've seen her before. She has some rather interesting hobbies.” I stare at Piper in the kitchen, amused by the fact that she visibly tenses when I threaten to bring up Club Fet.
Suddenly, she spins on her heels, her expression so angry that I can feel the heat radiating from her. “So do you, as I recall.” She rounds the corner with two plates of food in hand, serving my mother first before me. “You'd be surprised to know, Ann, that I've actually met your son before. Not really met him, per se, but we've seen each other from a distance.”
I'm stunned for a moment. Is she really going to go there? She took my threat and threw it right back at me. 
Before things have a chance to get ugly, I rise to my feet, wrapping a hand around Piper's forearm. “Can I talk to you outside for a minute?” 
“Anything you two have to say can be said in front of me,” my mother pipes up, staring at us.
“No. It can't.” I give her my best serious expression.
“I don't want you scaring her off.” Mom crosses her arms over her chest, practically pouting.
“Ann, I'll be fine.” Piper turns to her, using a soothing voice.
“That's Mrs. Longworth to you.” I glare at her.
Her head snaps back around. “No, it's Ann, because that's what your mother requested that I call her. Now let's go outside and get this over with.” 
She practically drags me towards the front door with the grip I have on her. I let her go halfway there to walk behind her. This was not the reaction that I had expected at all. 
We step outside and I close the door behind us. When I turn back around, she's standing so close that she's practically up in my face, her eyebrows furrowed in what I can only assume is a mix of anger and frustration.
“What's the big idea?” she growls at me.
I've had enough of her attitude, it's time to show her who is the boss.
“You know what the big idea is.” 
“No. I really don't.” Piper shakes her head.
“I don't want you working for my mother, and if you're not smart enough to have caught on to that by now, then you definitely shouldn't be working for her.” I sneer, trying my best to get under her skin.
“That's not a very good reason.” She takes a short step back, placing a hand on her hip. If she's intimidated by me, she's doing a really good job of hiding it. Her stance and expression make her look completely fearless and unyielding. 
“You need more reasons?” I count them out on my fingers as I speak. “You're not qualified for the job. She already told me that much. You can't even cook bacon right. What makes me think that you're ever going to serve my mother a decent meal? You show up at a sex club and my mother is devoutly Christian. It's like putting a fucking demon in her house.”
The scowl that she's been wearing this whole time falters, and she lets out a harsh laugh. “Are you seriously calling me a demon?”
“What's so funny about that?” I can't believe she has the nerve to laugh at anything I've just said. Who does she think she is?
Piper draws a hand up to her mouth to silence the lingering chuckle on her lips. Then her expression turns serious, her eyes piercing right through me. “You resort to name calling. Stupid. Demon. Just like a child.
“Your mom told me that you're a spoiled little brat bent on getting your way. Maybe she didn't say it quite that bluntly, but I knew what she meant.
“You know, the funny thing is that when I saw you at Club Fet, I thought you were a real man. Damn, am I glad I never walked up to you. Because all you are is a child trapped in a man's body.
“Stop bullying your mother. Let her make her own decisions. I'm sure if she thinks that I suck as her housekeeper, then she'll fire me. Until then, I'm not going anywhere. Now get out of my way. I need to go back inside and see if your mother, my boss, needs anything.”
I'm frozen in disbelief. No one talks to me like that. No one. Ever.
Before I even have a chance to recover, she's pushing past me to go back inside. I reach to stop her, my words shooting out in a desperate rush. “I'm going to be running a full background check on you, and if there's one thing out of place, I know I can convince my mother to fire you.”
“Piss off, Holden.” She pushes my arm out of the way and disappears inside.

***

It's been a few hours since we had breakfast together, and I'm still steamed at how Piper stood up to me. Even more that she didn't seem rattled at all. From the second we stepped back into the house, she was as sweet as pie. Despite the fact that I had just given her a not so pleasant piece of my mind, she still treated me with the utmost respect.
“Sir.” There's a knock on my door, stirring me from my thoughts.
“Yes.” I look up and see Glenn Brown, the head of my HR Department, standing outside of my office with a file folder in hand. “Come on in.”
He hesitates for a moment before crossing the threshold into my office, an interesting quirk that he's always had. It's like he's about to take a step, then he pauses midway before finally continuing. I've often wondered if he does it because he's nervous, but I've never asked. 
“Here's all of the information that I pulled up on Piper Gravatt.” He sits across from me before offering me the folder.
I don't take it, not wanting to leaf through papers. “Tell me what you found.” I lean back in my chair, crossing my ankle over my knee.
“Yes, sir.” He draws the folder back and flips it open to read the contents. “No criminal record. Has only been in one accident. Not her fault. Graduated from Brigham Young University with a BA in accounting.”
“Stop.” I hold out my hand to him. He looks up at me, startled. “When did she graduate from college? What does her job history look like?”
He shuffles through the paperwork, his brown eyes scanning back and forth behind thick glasses. “It appears that she graduated two years ago. There's no history of any accounting jobs. Her last job was at Fairbanks Nursing Home as a food server. She was there for four years. Before that, there's a waitressing job that she was at for nearly three years. That's her only job history.”  
I prop my elbow on my desk and scrub my hand across my face. To be honest, I hadn't expected her record to be clean. When I saw Piper at Club Fet, I didn't exactly peg her as a good girl. Apparently, looks can be deceiving. Still, it doesn't make any sense that she'd be working at a dead-end job when she has a BA in accounting. 
“So what you're telling me is that you've got nothing.” I frown. 
This will make getting rid of her a lot more difficult. I was hoping for something, anything as an easy out. All I've got in my favor is the possibility that she might only be working for my mother until she can find a better job. Hopefully, that will be enough to convince Mom to let her go.






CHAPTER TEN
PIPER


“Piper, I am so so sorry.” Ann clutches onto my hand so hard that it hurts. The tears brimming in her eyes have my heart about to break. I can't believe that bastard would upset his own mother to this degree. Some son he is.
“Hey.” I kneel down in front of her. “Don't worry about it. I'm not going to let him scare me away.”
“I would understand if you don't want to work for me anymore.” She turns her gaze to the window overlooking her backyard.
“Enough of that. He's gone now. You can relax. I'm going to get the kitchen cleaned up, and then we'll do whatever you want to do. Something to make you feel better. Something to make you forget he was ever here.” I offer her a smile.
“I wish it were that easy.” She shakes her head. “You don't understand my son. He's not going to let this go. I understand why he's worried. But he doesn't understand where I'm coming from,” her voice trails off into a hiccup.
“Listen. Let's make a deal.” I pat the top of her hand. “If you don't budge on this, then neither will I. I will be here as long as you want me to be, and nothing that he says or does will matter. Besides, my record is spotless. Sure, I don't have any experience as a housekeeper, but I have a stable job history. No criminal activity.”
“That's comforting,” she lets out a short laugh.
“There. That's better. Stop worrying, okay. I'll protect you from the big, bad bully.” I stand and strike a superhero pose.
“He's really not that bad when it comes to most things.” She misses the comedy in my gesture completely. 
I deflate slightly, figuring that this might bother her for a while. How could it not? After the meal was over, she walked Holden outside and they were gone for a while. Who knows what he said to her. 
I finish cleaning up the kitchen, then Ann rattles off a list of chores that she wants me to do before retreating to her bedroom to take a nap. It saddens me to see how much arguing with Holden seemed to zap her energy. Even worse, it makes me feel like it's my fault too, though I know it really wasn't.
Ann is still asleep by the time I finish my chores. I stand in the doorway of her bedroom, watching her and thinking. I don't want to waste her money by sitting around doing nothing, but at the same time, I'm worried she'll get mad if I leave. And I'm pretty sure that Holden already has her seriously considering letting me go. She seems kind of frail, both physically and emotionally. Holden definitely did not inherit her sweet personality.
I go into the living room and sit on the sofa while I decide what to do. My mind drifts back to when I opened the front door and saw Holden standing there. Thinking about my initial reaction causes a sarcastic smirk to tilt the corners of my lips. My heart undeniably fluttered in my chest the second that recognition hit me. He was so damned beautiful. Pale gray eyes. Tousled brown hair. Pristine business suit. All of the desire that I had for him at Club Fet came shooting to the forefront of my body. But then he opened his mouth and ruined it. I really am glad I didn't sleep with him. That would have made things even more complicated.
Not wanting to prove Holden right that I'd take advantage of his mother, I decide to make Ann lunch and leave it on the stove, then I write her a note letting her know that I'm leaving for the day since I finished all that she required of me. Hopefully, it's the right move. There's no way of knowing without waking her up. And she really looked like she needed the sleep. 
I feel oddly better once I'm outside of the house. Even though I was alone for most of the day, the tension from my argument with Holden lingered like a heavy fog.
It's a little after 1 PM when I get home—still early. I'm admittedly disappointed that I didn't get a full eight hours of work in, but it can't be helped. Hopefully, tomorrow will go smoother without Holden around to muck things up.
Earl left me a note on the kitchen counter saying that he went out with friends. I'm thankful for the courtesy but wish he would have called me instead. Maybe he thought I would say no. I smirk, remembering a time that I did the same thing to my mom when I was a teenager and wanted to go to a party that she forbade me from going to. Her reasoning was selfish though. She had wanted me to stay home and take care of the boys while she and Dickhead went out. I was tired of being a slave, so I left a note on my bed, then sneaked out of my bedroom window. Did I ever get a tongue lashing and a grounding after that. It was worth it, though. There was so little happiness and fun in my teenage years. Thinking about that turns my smirk into a frown.
Earl doesn't have to worry about that though. I'm not going to yell at him. As long as he lets me know where he's going, I'm fine with it. If he doesn't come back tonight, that will be a different story. 
To kill the rest of the day, I make Joe a grilled cheese sandwich and some tomato soup for lunch, then I load him up in the car and we head to Walmart to pick up a lock for Earl's bedroom door. It's interesting how quiet and well-behaved he is in comparison to his older brother. He barely says a handful of words as we walk through the store. 
When we get back to the house, I ask if he wants to help me install the lock on Earl's door. Since I watched Earl install the one on my door, it shouldn't be so difficult for me this time around. Joe meekly nods, then kneels on the floor beside me while I remove the old doorknob and put the new one together.
“There. All done.” I beam at him.
“Can I get one for my room too?” He fidgets with the torn plastic packaging from the new lock, barely glancing up at me.
“Maybe in a few more years.” I stand, mussing up his hair before gathering the parts of the old doorknob together to throw away.
For a few seconds, I expect him to argue with me. He doesn't though, not yet in the rebellious years of his life. I'm admittedly thankful that he's easier to deal with than Earl. Being around him isn't unpleasant.
Once that's done, we go into the living room to watch television. Joe's face lights up when he flips to a channel with a cartoon that he likes. I'm not really in the mood for cartoons, but I'm using this as bonding time. If I can keep him happy, then he'll be more likely to trust me in the future. Besides, I have too much on my mind to really pay attention to it anyway.
Work stress is still weighing on me. I feel anxious and like I need a release. A sexual release. It would be a good night for Club Fet. Not because it will be busy—it probably won't be since it's a Monday—but because anyone will do tonight. I'm not in the mood to be picky.
Holden might be there though. That's something I have to take into consideration.
A scowl sinks the corners of my lips as I think about how much he has ruined for me in such a short period of time. There are no other places like Club Fet in the entire city. My only other options are munches, Craigslist, and play parties. Munches bore me, especially since I'm not really interested in finding a permanent Dom. There's no point in going to a meet and greet when all I want to do is play. Craigslist is more miss than hit. Most of the guys on there are false Doms misinterpreting the lifestyle to fulfill their own sick sadistic fetishes. There's no barrier of protection for the submissive if you're locked inside some stranger's house. Play parties are really my only option.
After a few hours of watching television, Joe goes to his room to take a nap, and I slide in front of the computer in the living room to pull up a fetish website and look to see if there are any play parties in the area. To my disappointment, there's absolutely nothing going on tonight. There is a play party tomorrow, though. That doesn't take care of my immediate cravings, however. 
I turn off the computer, push the keyboard aside, and rest my head on the desk. “I hate you, Holden Longworth,” I grumble. “I just met you, and you've already wrecked my world.”






CHAPTER ELEVEN
HOLDEN


“She just left you there? Not surprised,” I huff. The Newton's Cradle is in my hand, but the balls are silenced.
“I guess she just let me sleep because she didn't want to wake me. She did make me lunch before she left though,” my mother says on the other end of the line.
“How thoughtful.” I roll my eyes. “You should probably check to make sure she didn't steal anything.”
“Is this really why you called me? Haven't you done enough?” I can hear that she's already starting to get upset. I best not push her too far.
“No, I haven't done enough.” I set the Newton's Cradle down. “It won't have been enough until she's out of your house and replaced by someone more capable.”
“I'm not going to spend another fifteen minutes arguing with you about this, Holden.”
I sigh, pinching the bridge of my nose. “I ran a background check on her.”
“And?” There's no doubt in her tone, only challenge.
“And she just moved here from Utah.”
“I know that,” she snaps.
“She has a bachelor's in accounting, so she's probably just working for you until she finds something better.”
There's silence for several seconds, and I know that I've gotten the wheels in Mom's head turning. She's considering what I'm implying, the very real possibility that Piper could leave her at any moment.
“I don't care,” she replies finally. 
“But, you do care.” I tilt my head slightly, tired of her stubbornness. “I can hear it in your voice. Listen, this Piper girl hasn't worked for you for very long. You're not attached to her yet. You can—”
“Holden.” She cuts me off. “Piper is a sweet girl. If that's the only thing that you found in her background check, then you're wasting your time talking to me. There's no way to tell if she's only going to be working for me temporarily, and even if that is the case, I don't care. I like her, and you're just going to have to accept that. I have my reasons for wanting her around instead of someone that you hire. Please understand that and drop this. All you're doing is upsetting me, and I don't need that stress right now.”
Click!
It takes me a moment to realize that she's hung up on me. I shouldn't be surprised, though. She was getting pretty riled up.
It seems like she's made up her mind. That just means I'll have to work on things from the other end—harass Piper until she quits of her own free will. 
To do that, I'll have to find her at Club Fet. The memory of Piper's breasts pushed up in that tight corset and the curvature of her ass in that leather skirt sends my mind in the wrong direction. She needs to be punished for speaking to me the way that she did at my mother's house. No submissive should ever talk to a Dom like that under any circumstances.
I'd like to bend her over my knee and give her a spanking that would leave her backside swollen for a whole week. Then I'd hike up her skirt and plunge my fingers into her, feel her warm, wet body wrap around me. See those perfect lips in a pretty little O all because of my touch.
Fuck! Would she even let me get her over my lap without a fight? Probably not. She'd likely defy me every step of the way. But I would win. I always win. And then I'd make her a slave to my pleasure. I'd make her beg and writhe and cry for my dick.
The bulge in my pants quickly becomes uncomfortable. I stand and go to close my office door, locking it before returning to my chair. It's almost 7 PM. Everyone has already gone home for the night. I've lingered behind to look over the details of a few other companies that were submitted to me for consideration. There was nothing impressive on the list. Not like the pharmaceutical company. I still need to make a decision on that. It can wait for a few days though. For now, I have more pressing business to take care of—namely the raging erection that's bugging the shit out of me.
I unzip my pants and lean back in my chair, shoving my hand into my fly to pull my cock out. I keep my gaze up to the ceiling, imagining that it's Piper's hand instead of mine. I doubt she'd be so gentle, especially since she hates me now. The fantasy of her on her knees glaring up at me with so much hatred makes me smirk. She'd probably rather break me than pleasure me.
Just because we hate each other doesn't mean we don't still want to fuck though. I saw the way she looked at me, not only at Club Fet but when she opened the front door at my mother's house.
That's all in the past. Realistically, I probably can't have her now. All I can do is pretend. Pretend and stroke myself off to thoughts of her, forever wondering how it would feel to be inside of her. To taste her sex. To listen to her moaning as she orgasms. The thought makes my dick ache with desire. 
It's quite the conundrum, when I think about it. I'm so used to getting what I want. The two things I want are conflicting this time though. I want Piper's body, but I also want her to stop working for my mother. I likely can't have both, but I can certainly try.






CHAPTER TWELVE
PIPER


“Your services won't be needed today,” Ann's voice sounds gravelly and tired.
My heart sinks as I realize that Holden probably got to her. Is this the beginning of the end, or was it already over the second he stepped through that door and made it known that he despises me? 
“What about tomorrow?” I ask timidly, wholly expecting her to give me the next day off as well. The coward's way of firing me. Cut my already thin hours so that I'm forced to look for work elsewhere. 
“Yes. Come in tomorrow.”
Internally, I sigh in relief. Hopefully, I'm over thinking things. It doesn't seem like a good idea to bring up Holden right now, though, despite the fact that I desperately want to inquire about whether or not he's still pestering her. As long as I still have a job, that's all I should care about.
“Alright. I'll see you in the morning then, Ann. You have a good day,” my tone takes an upward swing. She needs to know that I'm happy to be working for her. 
As soon as I hang up my phone, I make a beeline for the computer in the living room. I can't keep counting on hope. If Holden does manage to convince Ann to fire me, then I need to have a backup plan.
I scowl as I wait for the computer to boot up, wondering why Holden was so angry that Ann hired me in the first place. The answer should be obvious though. Guys like him are often control freaks. A successful business man and a Dom. He probably thinks he needs to rule everything around him. 
With a sigh, I scroll through job listings. Every application that I submit and resume that I send makes my chest twinge with pain at the thought that I'm somehow betraying Ann. 
When I'm done, I shut off the computer and swivel around in my chair to stare at the blank television screen. It's eerily quiet this morning. The boys must have decided to sleep in. Either that or they're both just hanging out upstairs. I haven't heard much noise coming from the top floor, though.
It's going to be another long, boring day, but the thought of staying home isn't as daunting as it was before. Lately, it seems like I've been making some progress with the boys, and while I'm still not happy with my situation having to play parent to them, it's slowly starting to become more bearable. I suppose I'll just spend the day cleaning. To be honest, I haven't done a whole lot around the house since moving back, and it could use some tidying up. I wonder what the odds are of me being able to recruit the boys to help me once they do wake up.
I force myself to my feet and get to work on the kitchen. At the very least, cleaning will help me kill time until tonight. Nothing makes a day drag like sitting on your ass. And there are a whole lot of hours to fill before it's time for me to go to the play party.

***

I leave the house with a smile on my face. The day has gone swimmingly well for me having it off. As soon as Earl and Joe woke up and finished eating breakfast, they jumped in on the chores with me. As a reward, I let them have friends over for the night. Everyone was happy for once.
My mom would probably kill me for doing this, for leaving a fifteen-year-old and an eleven-year-old home alone with a house full of other kids. I want them to have the childhood I didn't though, and I really don't see the harm in it as long as they don't burn the place down. 
I'm dressed conservatively in a sleeveless black cocktail dress, not wanting to come off as overly slutty. Going to play parties always makes me nervous when they're being held at someone's home, especially when it's someone I don't know. 
I pull up the address on my GPS and daydream about who I might meet as I drive to the location. Usually, these types of play parties have a small turnout, so my options are going to be slim compared to Club Fet. That makes me frown. Stupid Holden Longworth. He ruined everything for me. And over what? Because he doesn't want me working for his mother. What a prick!
I can't think about that now though. I have to be optimistic and hope that I can find a handsome Dom willing to show me a good time. Hot sex would be the cherry on the cake of this day.
The house where the party is at is in a cul-de-sac. There are about half a dozen cars parked in the driveway and lining the street. Nothing impressive. I start to wonder if this was a waste of time. Most of the people who are here will probably be Doms already paired with subs. What will that leave for me?
I find a suitable place to park, then kill the engine and sigh before stepping out of my car and smoothing down the front of my dress. There's a large part of me that doesn't want to even bother going inside—that wants to get back in my car and head to Club Fet. I could definitely find someone there. Maybe not the ideal person, since it's a Tuesday, but my options would be better. Then Holden's face flashes through my mind, and I realize that I can't deal with that today. Just seeing him would tank my mood, and I deserve this one good day. 
I make my way to the front door. When I ring the doorbell, an older gentleman—the party's host, Larry—promptly comes to greet me. He smiles and we exchange pleasantries as he leads me into the living room where a few other lifestylers are sitting around having a conversation. To my disappointment, all of the Doms brought their submissives with them. The only person not paired off is Larry, and he's not my type at all. Close to twice my age, thin and bald. His smile is a bit too broad and toothy. The corners of his eyes are lined with crow's feet. Definitely not my type.
To make matters worse, everyone already seems to know everyone else. For the sake of politeness, they ask me some basic get-to-know-you questions, then I fall into silence as they continue their conversation around me, talking about events they've attended, scenes they've seen, and people they all know. Every once in a while, I'll chime in with a story from Utah, but they seem more interested in their own world, and eventually I withdraw socially, turning into a wallflower—listening but not speaking.
This may be a play party, but there's certainly not a lot of play going on. I can hear a couple in one of the bedrooms, the sound of leather hitting skin and the occasional cry of pain. Normally, that would be enough to turn me on. I feel too damn awkward though. All I want is to escape, but I don't want to ruin the boys' night by coming home early.
The doorbell rings and my ears perk with hope that it might be someone of interest. That's probably too much to ask for, though. More than likely, it's another Dom/sub pair who know the others here. 
I hear male voices approaching, which means nothing to me at first. If there's a female submissive with them, she'll probably remain silent out of respect for her Dom and the host. But then the pitch of the other male voice begins to sound familiar, and by the time my brain matches a face to it, the two men have entered the living room.
My lips couldn't sink further into a scowl if I used my fingers to force them down. My eyes instantly narrow at the new addition to the group, and I feel about five hundred times more out of place than I did before. I stayed away from Club Fet to avoid this asshole, and now he's here. What the bloody fuck?!
Holden pauses for half a second when he sees me, then he smirks, an expression full of wicked amusement. There's nothing sexual about it. Nothing pleasant either. 
“I didn't expect to see you here.” He shoves his hands in the pockets of his slacks, stopping to tower over me. I imagine that he means to intimidate me. All I want to do is punch him square in the balls. 
“Likewise,” I grumble, refusing to move over to make room for him on the sofa.
To my surprise, he claims what little space is there, wedging himself between me and another submissive, which forces us both to scoot down. For the briefest of seconds, I think about finding another seat, but I won't give him the pleasure of thinking he's displaced me.
Thankfully, he goes straight to ignoring me, seamlessly integrating himself into the conversation. They know him. All of them know him. All of them seem to like him. That means these people aren't my friends.
“So, Piper, how goes the job hunt?” Holden turns to me abruptly. The question sounds so casual, like he knows that I've been actively looking for another job. It pisses me off.
“What ever do you mean?” I use my best clueless voice.
“You remember how I said I was going to do a background check on you?”
An unpleasant feeling snakes through my stomach and up into the back of my throat, though I quickly swallow it down. There's nothing on my background check. At least, there shouldn't be. I wouldn't put it past him to bring up something trivial like the fact that I went to truancy court when I was a teenager. I'm pretty sure that he'll grasp at any straw he can to get rid of me.
“I'm sure that you were more than disappointed in your findings.” I settle back against the sofa, trying to appear like I don't give a shit about anything he has to say to me. 
“Actually, I was quite impressed.” He twists around to face me, which makes me groan internally. This probably means that he wants to have a full conversation. I should have left when he was talking to everyone else.
“Oh? Does that mean you're going to drop the subject of me working for your mother?” I know better than to believe that. While I can't read his tone entirely, I do detect traces of sarcasm.
“Why would I do that?” He tilts his head. “We both know you're not going to be working for her for very long. There's no need to pretend otherwise.”
I roll my eyes. “I don't know that. But you certainly seem to think that you know everything.”
“I know that you have a BA in accounting. I know that you recently moved here and that working for my mother is the first job you've had since you came back.”
Anger bubbles up inside of me at what he's implying, surging out to my extremities to fill me with heat. “So it is.”
He leans into me suddenly, so close that his cologne practically smacks me in the face. If I didn't hate him so much, I might be enticed by it. He smells good. There's no doubt about that. Right now, though, I don't want to smell him. I don't want to be anywhere near him.
“I've got a little business proposition for you,” he whispers.
“Not interested.” 
“Oh, but I think you would be if you just heard me out.” 
In my peripheral vision, I can see his eyes scrolling up my body. I shudder from the look he's giving me, and I begin to wonder if I'm wrong about what his proposition entails. There's something very sexual about the way he's interacting with me right now. And while I despise him, I can't help but feel a stirring deep inside. 
“I'm not interested in hearing you out.” I stand before addressing the rest of the party. "I'm going to be leaving now. You guys have a good rest of your night."
Holden seems perplexed for a moment, but he quickly gets up to walk me to the door. I turn before he has a chance to follow me out, placing my hand on his chest. Just touching the front of his suit does something to me, something I don't like. Why does he have to keep getting so close.
“I don't need you to walk me out.” I can't even look at him when I speak.
“Of course, you don't. I'm just being a gentleman.”
As I walk to my car, my conscience echoes that nothing good will come of this. Whether his proposition is sexual or otherwise, I can't accept it. I can't allow him to win in any way.
“What do you want?” I spin around to face him when I reach my vehicle.
He's standing in the street, looking cool and composed as he gazes down at the silent neighborhood. The stars sparkle in the sky behind him, making him look like a model. My heart skips a beat as I think about how devastatingly handsome he is...and how devastating. He can't be trusted. Whatever he asks of me, the answer has to be no.
“You could use a better set of wheels.” He glances down at my car and frowns.
“Did you really come out here just to insult my car?” I place a hand on my hip, instantly pissed off. 
Considering that it wasn't here when I arrived and that it's the nicest car on the street, I can take a shot in the dark that the new black Ferrari is his. Of course, he'd think that my old Buick Regal is a piece of shit. He can buy a new car whenever he wants. I've had this car since I started driving. Sure, it has a few dents and scratches, and a little bit of hail damage on the roof, but it also has character. And it's mine. Screw him for belittling it.
“No.” He takes a deep breath. “I came out here to see what it will take to make you quit working for my mother.”
I roll my eyes. “Of course, you did. Well, I hate to disappoint you, but as I said, not interested.” I dig my keys out of my purse. By the time I find them, he's standing a lot closer. So close that I'm startled by the heat radiating from him.
“I told you that I can make you interested,” his voice is as smooth as silk, making me feel things that I hate. It's amazing how some men have that power—to do things to you with just their voice. It's manipulation. A lot of businessmen are trained to speak in such a way that it commands attention. “I can write you a check right now. It can be,” he hesitates, “enough to replace this.” He taps the hood of my car with his fist, and all of my poise goes out the window.
I jab my finger into his chest. The certainty in his eyes fades for a moment, and I take great pleasure in the thought that I rattled him. “What in the fuck is your problem with my car? Have you ever thought that maybe I don't want a new car? Maybe I like what I'm driving. We don't all need new toys, Holden.”
He takes a step back, holding his hands up in surrender. “You can use the money on whatever you want. It doesn't have to be on a new car.”
“It wouldn't be, you dick. Because poor people have more important shit to spend money on than new cars when their old ones are perfectly fine.”
“There's no need to get hostile.” He drops his hands to his sides.
“Apparently, there is. Because you see what this is?” I gesture to the space between us. “This is you harassing me. This is you trying to bribe me to leave a job that I actually enjoy. 
“You know what, you can keep your money. You couldn't put enough zeros on that check to make me sell you the satisfaction of knowing you won.” I jam the key into the lock and open my car door. The second that I do, Holden pushes it back closed.
“Where do you think you're going?” He arches a perfect eyebrow.
“That's none of your damn business.”
“Guys, can you keep it down? We can hear you arguing all the way inside,” Larry's voice calls out to us from the house.
Guilt surges through me, but more than that, anger. I'm so done with this.
“Sorry,” I yell back, realizing that I'm still being too loud but not caring. “I was just leaving.”
Larry doesn't respond. He simply disappears back inside. 
For a moment, I think about blaming Holden for getting us in trouble, but that would just spark another argument.
I glare at him as I open my car door. Again, he pushes it closed.
“What's the big idea?” I step up to him, getting right in his face. He doesn't look the least bit scared of my flaming temper.
“You're going to Club Fet, aren't you?” 
“As I said, that's none of your business. You will let me get in my car. Or I will call the police and tell them that you're harassing me.”
“Is that so?” He doesn't sound the least bit intimidated by my threat.
“That is so.” I sink back, looking down at my keys to find the right one. In my frustration, I balled my hand into a fist, pressing my keys together and getting them mixed up.
“Are you going to be looking for a sub at Club Fet?” He starts to lean against my car, then stops, perhaps not wanting to dirty his suit. 
“Why would I be looking for a sub?” I locate the key to my ignition, then pull open my car door. Holden is still standing too close for me to open it all the way. I give him a sarcastic look. “Move.”
“You're a Domme, right? I mean, you don't seem to have a submissive bone in your body,” his tone turns conversational.
“I don't submit to assholes.” A sarcastic smile spreads across my lips and I yank my car door open with all of my strength. Holden moves just in time, and the door ends up smacking me in the hip instead.
I didn't think I could get any more upset, but when I hear the sound of his laughter, it's like every single cell in my body explodes with rage. It's so intense that I'm shaking, caught somewhere between wanting to cry and wanting to completely wail on him. He deserves to be physically assaulted, but if I attack him, he'll call the cops and he'll win. I have to remind myself that he's just trying to get under my skin...And it's working. 
I have to leave. Have to get out of here. I'm about to do something that will not only jeopardize my job but also the boys. I can't afford to lose control. 
Without another word, I bend to climb into my car. Holden is on me in an instant, pulling me back and closing my car door again. I'm so startled that I allow him to back me up against my car, to pin me there. Tears are gathering beneath the surface. I refuse to look at him, refuse to let him see that he's breaking me down.
“I can make you submit.” He reaches up a hand, and I flinch away, squeezing my eyes shut to keep the tears from spilling. The backs of his fingers whisper across my cheek. Then he cups my chin, tilting my face up.
“I hate you.” My voice is weak and pathetic.
“A lot of people hate me. But I still get what I want from them.” 
Is that what is going to happen? The thought fills me with despair. He's already whittled me down so much. Part of me wants to tell him to give me a check and go away, not because I want the money, but because I don't want to have to deal with him anymore. Surely, the job isn't worth putting up with this much harassment.
My mind is going a million miles per hour. I'm trapped, suffocating, about to panic. I'm two seconds short of freaking out when I feel something that totally turns logic on its head.
Lips. His lips on mine. Kissing me. So hard.
I open my eyes and a muffled sound comes out, perhaps an objection. I can't really tell. And then my hands are on his chest trying to push him away. 
It's like putting my weight against a brick wall. He doesn't budge. In fact, he just moves closer, hooking an arm around my waist.
The kiss deepens. His tongue darts out to taste my mouth. And then the sick realization hits me that I like this. I like the feel of his mouth on mine. I like that he's holding me so tightly. I'm not supposed to. I'm supposed to loathe the very thought of him putting his hands on me, but I don't. Something inside of me has snapped—the part that keeps me grounded. I don't know if I'm coming or going anymore. I don't know what's happening. All I do know is that he smells incredible and that his lips feel amazing pressed against mine.
Pull yourself together. Anyone will do tonight, but it can't be him. It can never be him. If you let him have this, he'll have won in every way that he can.






CHAPTER THIRTEEN
HOLDEN


She's so fiery that I couldn't hold myself back any longer. The fight had faded from her eyes—a moment of weakness. A moment was all that I needed.
I knew from the second that I walked into Larry's house and saw her sitting on the sofa that I'd be able to break her down. It was a lucky coincidence that we both attended the same party. I needed to get her alone at some point, but I had never anticipated that she'd make it so easy for me. 
When I offered her money to leave my mother's employment, I had fully expected her to take it. Who in their right mind would refuse a practically blank check? Especially someone who doesn't seem to be in the best place financially.
Full of surprises, this one. I'm not used to women being able to surprise me. Most of them are predictable and boring. Most people are that way. Not Piper. She's vibrant and confident and defiant. 
I always get what I want though. Always. It's a lesson she'll have to learn the hard way. For now, however, my interest has shifted. I've stood outside in the summer heat, watching her glare at me and spit threats. Her anger amuses me, but her body inspires something else. As she speaks I watch her, silently undressing her with my eyes.
She hates me already. She could not hate me anymore if I kissed her. And I do so desperately wish to make her submit, to see complacency scrawled across that pretty face of hers. To know that I've won her over completely.
That fragile moment when I've pushed her to the edge, that's when I make my move. I taste her lips for the first time, feel the softness of them pressed against mine. Her breath recedes from the tiniest gasp, and I have to fight to suppress a wolfish grin. She places her hands on my chest, but she doesn't draw her head back. That means she likes the kiss. It means she wants to be kissed. 
I slide my hand around the curvature of her waist, drawing her closer. Her tight little body feels heavenly against me, the firmness of her thighs. The suppleness of her breasts.
I trace my tongue across the seam of her lips, seeking entry. She doesn't give it immediately, so I tug gently at her waist, causing her to gasp again and taking the opportunity from it. It's then that she kisses me back, that I feel the first hint of affection from her. 
She wraps an arm around me, her hand crawling up my back to the hair at the nape of my neck. As her nails trace up the skin there, I shudder, my arousal jumping to a whole new level. Her fingers tangle in my hair, and she draws me down to her, her lips working aggressively over mine. For a moment, I think she's trying to take control. I open my eyes to look at her, and she's glaring at me so wickedly. That's when I know I'm in trouble.
It's too late to back away. Even if I could, I'm not sure that I would. Pain hits me before my brain has a chance to fully process it. She sucks my bottom lip between her teeth and bites down hard. I hiss from the intense crushing sensation before my body reacts of its own accord, putting distance between us.
“Fuck!” I draw my hand up to my mouth, feeling the skin swell beneath my fingertips. “You bit me.”
“Did I mess up your pretty face?” her tone is mocking. She bends slightly, assessing the damage for herself. “Aww, I was hoping I drew blood.”
“I'm going to make you regret that.” I advance on her, grabbing her wrists and pinning her to the car.
“You've already made me regret a lot of things. That, however, I do not regret.”
My eyes rove over her face. Good God is she beautiful when she's pissed off. It makes me want to kiss her again. I know better, though. Instead, I push her wrists harder against the car. The slightest wince contorts her expression, but she hides her pain well.
“Are you done pitching a fit?” She smirks at me. “It looks like you're on the losing end of things tonight. Can't get me to take your money. Can't get me to quit my job. Can't get me to kiss you.”
That last part stings, but only slightly. We both know it's bullshit. She kissed me back before she bit me. She didn't need to lure me in like that. My face was already close enough. 
“Let's cut the bullshit.” I let her wrists go though I stay close enough to keep her caged in. “I know you can't stand me, but I also know that you want me just as much as I want you.”
“You are a delusional fuck, aren't you?” she bellows out with laughter.
I grip her chin, silencing her with another kiss. In an instant, she has my lip between her teeth again. She pulls on it. The warning in her eyes is plain, but I don't listen. My hands find her ribs, sliding up them and keeping a good grip on her so that she can't run away. She tries to put her knee between my legs, but I block her, jerking my lip from between her teeth and kissing her again. Her hands wrap around me, clawing at the back of my suit. I grab a fistful of her hair and yank her head back, and her expression turns from shock to surrender.
“You're tenacious,” she tells me, her chest rising and falling with heavy breaths.
“You have no idea.” 






CHAPTER FOURTEEN
PIPER


He's so imposing. His hands. His body. 
I couldn't escape if I tried. He wouldn't let me. To be honest, I'm not sure if I want to.
I've all but given up. While I refuse to allow him to have full control over me, I also know that this is a fight I can't win. He's going to get his way. With everything. If I fuck him, at least I can get a consolation prize. One blissful memory before my life goes to shit again. 
He pulls my head to the side and his lips find my neck. The kisses he places there are surprisingly soft and gentle. His grip on me is anything but.
There's a part of me that holds on to the hope that I can stop this. I know that I should. We're not to the point of no return yet, but we'll get there before long. My body is reacting against my will. Every fiber of my being wants to be touched by him—wants to feel him inside of me.
You can't. You have to stop this. 
“Why is it so important to you for me to quit working for your mother?” I stare out into the distance, trying not to feel. It's almost impossible though when his hands are so needy, his mouth so warm.
He stops kissing me, his expression displeased. “That's none of your business.”
“Are we really going to keep doing this?” I wedge my hand between his arm and my hip, trying to pry him off of me. Thankfully, he disengages slightly. “It's my livelihood. It is my business.”
“I'm sure you're more than qualified to find a job elsewhere.” He moves in to kiss me again, but I turn my head.
“That doesn't answer my question.” I cross my arms over my chest.
He rakes his fingers through his hair, looking stressed. “If I give you a good reason, will it make you quit?”
“I doubt there's any reason good enough.”
“Probably not to you.” He sighs, following my gaze to the fence across the street.
“Then I think we're done here.” I reach behind me for the door handle.
Holden immediately catches on to the fact that I'm trying to leave again. He closes the distance between us and caresses my cheek. “Oh, we're not done until I say we are.”
“Do you want me to bite you again?” I glare up at him.
He smirks. “I want you to bite and kick and scream. Do whatever you want. But we're not done until I say we are.”
My body goes aflame from his words, and I can't even pretend like I want to resist when he leans down to kiss me again. It's game over for me. I know that now. There's no point in fighting my desire for him any longer.
I silently curse myself as his tongue plays on top of mine, his hands pulling me closer. I can feel the urgency of his sex straining against my belly, and my clit throbs in response as if calling to him. Everything is so surreal. We hate each other. Why are we kissing? Why are we touching? Why do I like this so much?
He backs away from me for a moment to open the backseat of my car. Heat rushes to my cheeks as I realize what he's implying. So much for being a gentleman. 
There's something thrilling about knowing that we're about to have sex in public. It also feels kind of wrong, though, like he doesn't even respect me enough to at least take me to a hotel. Of course, he doesn't respect me. That should be beyond obvious. This isn't about respect. It's about fucking. And I'm sure there's no better time and place for him than right now, where he doesn't have to spend any money on me or soil his home or car with my presence.
“You really think we're going to be comfortable back there?” I give the back of my car a sarcastic nod.
Holden grabs me by the hips, directing me towards the backseat. I have no choice but to follow his lead. There's no point in arguing with him. It's his way or no way. And right now, I'm too damn horny to care.
He sits me down and for the briefest of moments I expect him to pull his cock out and demand that I give him head. Instead, he kneels between my legs. I'm so shocked that he's putting his knees on the dirty pavement that my mind can barely process anything else. That concern is erased though when he grabs the front of my dress and roughly yanks it down causing my breasts to spill free. 
“Someone is going to see us here.” I draw an arm up to cover my chest. My conscience is still fighting against this, telling me that it's wrong. 
“I don't care.” He buries his face between my tits, his hand sneaking up my skirt.
I swallow hard as he envelopes one of my nipples with his mouth, and it beads from the stimulation. All thoughts of resisting him completely disappear. He sucks fervently, his mouth making little squelching sounds as he applies pressure. I reach up to stroke his hair, amazed by how soft it is. His hand arrives at my panties, his thumb brushing over my folds. I spread my legs a bit, giving him easier access. 
“You taste good,” he whispers as he moves to the other breast. 
I stare up at the night sky, wondering what in the hell I'm doing. I want him, but this is so wrong. It feels like I'm betraying Ann somehow. 
A hard push to my chest sends my thoughts reeling and brings me back into the moment. I catch myself before my head has a chance to hit the seat. Holden is already hiking up my skirt. The fact that he's so controlling makes me smirk, but it also makes me disgusted in myself for allowing him to get away with it.
“You know what, I've changed my mind. I don't want this.” I push him away and pull my top back up.
“Bullshit.” He hooks his fingers around the waistband of my panties and forcefully tugs them down. 
“Holden, I'm serious.” I sit up to grab my underwear, but he's already managed to slide them over my feet.
“Lay back down.” He glares at me, his voice commanding.
“No.” I furrow my brow.
“You don't make anything easy, do you?” He stands, and for a moment, I think he's going to let me go. But then he grabs my legs and pulls me to the edge of the seat. 
My back hits the seat, and before I have a chance to sit up and object, the words are stolen from my lips and replaced by a moan as I feel his tongue slip between my folds and dip into my wetness. It feels good, but the initial shock wears off quickly. I try to push myself into a sitting position, but then all strength leaves me as his lips find my clit and he dials the intensity up to oh-my-fucking-God. My back arches as pleasure surges to the surface. He spreads my thighs with his hands, then plunges two fingers into me, making my cry out.
“Christ, you're tight,” he breaths against my pussy.
“Holden, stop,” I whisper though I know it sounds nothing like a plea.
“I don't think you want me to.” 
He scissors his fingers then rotates them, feeling all of me, hitting so many of my sweet spots that I'm practically panting. His tongue flicks delicately across my clit, forcing it into tiny pre-orgasm contractions. I surrender, hooking my leg over his shoulder and pulling him closer. He snorts in amusement, and then his lips are on me again, teasing and sucking and kissing.
“You already look like you're going to come.” He takes his free hand and gently thumbs over my clit while he speaks to me.
“Shut up and get back down there,” I growl at him.
He quirks his head back. “Demanding things of me? Really? You obviously don't know how this works.”
He withdraws from me completely, and I immediately regret opening my mouth. I was so close to coming. If I hadn't said anything, it would have happened. Now, I don't know what I'm going to do.
A pathetic part of me considers begging, but I refuse to give him the satisfaction. Besides, I know this isn't over. Surely, he wouldn't deny me. And even if he tried to, I would just take it from him. Maybe get on top of him and use his dick until I got off. That should be my plan. Coming first and then leaving before he has a chance to climax. Perhaps that would teach him not to fuck with me. This is going to be a one-time thing anyway, so what do I care if he nuts or not.
I clutch at the side of my skirt to tug it down, pretending that I'm done with him. He's standing up so straight that I can't see his face, just his torso. His hand goes to his fly, and my eyes are instantly refocused. I blush from the sound of his zipper being pulled down.
“Hey! You guys can't do that out here,” a disconnected voice says out of nowhere.
It takes me a moment to realize that it's Larry. Then I panic, looking down to make sure that I'm decent before he comes into view. 
Holden takes a step back though he doesn't bother zipping up his fly. “We were just talking,” he tells Larry casually.
“That doesn't look like talking to me.” He stares down at my crumpled up panties on the pavement.
I crawl out of the backseat. I'm so embarrassed that I don't even go for my underwear. 
Seeing my opportunity to escape, I close the back door and search for my keys. “I was just leaving.”
“You guys can't stay out here,” Larry grumbles as if he didn't even hear me.
Holden puts his hand on my shoulder, making me shiver from his touch. “Do you want to go back to my place?”
The invitation might have pleased me earlier. Now, I just want to leave. 
“Nope. I'm good.” I open my front door and slide into the driver's seat, thankful that Larry is hanging around long enough to see me off. If he had just gone back inside, I probably never would have been able to escape without having sex with Holden. “See you guys.” I wave awkwardly to them before jamming my key into the ignition and peeling away from the curb. I'm so unsettled by everything that happened that I don't even look back in the rearview mirror.
I don't want to see Holden standing there. I don't want to see him ever again.

***

No matter how I look at it, my time working for Ann is over. If Holden doesn't make up some outlandish story to get me fired, guilt will eventually eat me alive and I'll quit on my own. I had thought that if Holden and I didn't have sex, I would feel okay to keep working for Ann. That's not the case. Things have turned into a God-awful mess, and I just don't want to deal with the stress of it anymore.
I show up to work on Wednesday, and I can't even force a smile as Ann opens the door to me. I'm so depressed from the thought of telling her that I can't work for her anymore. And knowing that quitting will mean that Holden has won only makes things worse.
“I need for you to take me to a doctor's appointment today,” Ann tells me almost the second that I step inside. She doesn't look like she's in a good mood, which makes what I have to do even more unpleasant. Maybe I'll just work for her today and then tell her at the end of my shift. I'm honestly not sure what the less shitty thing to do is at this point.
“Alright,” I reply, deciding that I might as well work since I drove all the way over here.
We climb into her car and she taps the address into the GPS. Then we drive in silence to the location. It feels like she's expecting me to destroy her day.
It's not until we get to the location that I realize that probably wasn't the case at all. The sign on the building says Grand Garden Cancer Clinic. My heart instantly falls into the pit of my stomach. No wonder she slept so much the other day. 
We get out of the car and walk up to the building. Inside are rows of chairs and couches where patients are waiting for their appointments. Ann registers with the receptionist, and then we sit in front of a large flat-screen television where the news is playing.
“Are you here for chemo?” I ask solemnly.
“No. I'm just here to pick up a prescription. This is an oncology office anyway. They don't do chemo here.” She reaches over to grab a magazine from one of the side tables. 
It's a fairly short wait before they call her back. We're seated in a room, and Ann continues to read her magazine while we wait for the doctor. There are so many things I want to ask her, but I feel like it's not my business anymore. If I quit today, then what will the answers matter.
When the doctor comes in, I stay quiet while they talk. Ann introduces me as her friend. My chest aches from the word. Are we friends? She could have just said I was her housekeeper or someone that works for her, but she didn't.
“How has your pain been?” The doctor lowers himself onto the rolling chair across from Ann.
“It's been good. I still get the headaches from time to time, but the morphine helps.”
An uneasiness swirls inside of me, the type that feels like someone punched you deep in your gut. It's like I'm listening to something I shouldn't be listening to. Like this one trip to the doctor has taken our relationship to a different level of personal. 
The doctor sends us to the check out counter where Ann is given her prescription. I eye it, feeling tense the entire time. It's going to be really hard to transition to the conversation that I want to quit after this. I can't even think about how to wiggle it in without seeming like a bitch. In truth, there's no easy way to do it. When we get back to her house, I'm just going to have to come out with it. I can't keep pretending that this is going to work.
We drop off her prescription and then return to her house. As I kill the engine, a hard lump forms in the back of my throat. Should I quit as soon as we get out of the car, or should I hold off until the end of the day? I don't want her to think that I'm quitting because she has cancer. But I also don't want to tell her that Holden has been harassing me. It might be better to make up some lie, that I've decided to spend more time with the boys. She's a smart woman, though, and I know she wouldn't buy that. If I took that route, more than likely she'd think Holden was right, that I left her to work for someone else. What does it really matter at this point?
“Piper,” Ann's voice sounds weak. I was just about to get out of the car when I heard her call my name, causing me to settle back into the seat.
I glance over at her, but I can't force myself to actually look at her. “Hm?”
She turns to me, her expression serious. “I probably should have been upfront with you about this.”
“It's fine.” I shake my head, not wanting to hear an apology. The last thing she should be doing is apologizing to me. It's only going to double my guilt.
“No.” She stares off into the distance. “You should know that I'm dying.”
The word 'dying' seems to suck all of the oxygen out of the car. My stomach rolls, and I feel moisture coming to my eyes. I had suspected as much, but I didn't want to hear it. If I could have left before hearing it, this wouldn't hurt so bad. She's too nice of a person. Way too nice.
“Ann, I'm sorry,” is all that I can think of to say. What else are you supposed to say when someone tells you something so devastating?
“It is what it is.” She sighs. “We all have to go eventually.”
“I know, but...” Cancer. It's so horrible. One of the worst ways to die.
“I need to ask you to do something for me.”
“Sure.” I look at her finally, offering her a smile. Whether I want to or not, I know that I will do her this favor, whatever it is. It sounds like something important.
“You can't tell Holden about this.” She presses her eyes shut, a veil or remorse covering her face.
My mouth falls agape for a moment. “He doesn't know?”
“No.” Ann gazes out the window though there's nothing to see but the walls of the garage. “But this is why I wanted to hire someone myself instead of going through him. Anyone that he hired for me would tell him everything. I want this kept private. Can you do that for me?”
It doesn't seem right, but I also feel like I have no choice but to agree. “Yes, Ann. I can do that for you.”
And at that moment, I know that there's no way that I can possibly quit now.
To further support this author, please post a review after you finish reading this book.

Sky Corgan is the USA Today bestselling author of Bully. She lives in Texas where the sun is hot and the men are hotter. When she's not typing away at her next steamy romance novel, she enjoys hanging out with friends and attending kinky BDSM clubs. Many of the events in her books are based on things that actually happened, and she greatly fancies infusing real life with fantasy.

Sign up for her mailing list and find out about her latest releases, giveaways, and more. Plus, get a FREE book! Click here!

Twitter: http://twitter.com/AuthorSkyCorgan
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorSkyCorgan/

Also By Sky Corgan:
Bully
Unmatchable
Playing Dom
Damaged
Back to the Heart 
Primal 
Working for the Billionaires Club
The Snowman
Mixed Up
Sold Innocence
