





Published by Evernight Publishing at Smashwords

www.evernightpublishing.com



Copyright© 2014 Carlene Love Flores


 ISBN: 978-1-77130-800-7

Cover Artist: Sour Cherry Designs

Editor: JS Cook



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

 
WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 



DEDICATION

For my readers, old and new. Xoxo. And to the Opening Acts of the world. You rock.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I’m so happy this story is coming to you FREE! It’s my personal favorite out of all the books I’ve published and I thank Evernight for letting me share it with you as a free read. I won’t be making any moolah on it but I hope to be making lots of smiles, giggles, and heated blushes. That’s this writer’s true paycheck.
My utmost gratitude and awe to the bands I’ve been fortunate to see 
live during the writing of the Sin Pointe Series and in particular, 

Touch of Sin:
Depeche Mode
Kings of Leon
Casey James
Bobby Long
Heart

TOUCH OF SIN

A Sin Pointe Novel

Carlene Love Flores

Copyright © 2014



Chapter One

“You want me to spy on them, sir?” 
Sarrie stood in front of Vance Keller, her thighs begging for a massage and her skin for a shower, as she clarified what the well-respected manager for the well-loved band Sin Pointe wanted her to do. The crack of dawn jogs she was putting in with her dad were kicking her butt but she’d run marathons through Tennessee’s hills if it kept him on the right track. And she’d say yes to her boss right now, just as soon as she breathed through a calf cramp. She needed this job too badly and besides that, Mr. Keller had been nothing but fair to her ever since she’d been hired. But had she heard him right?
He sat on the corner of his exceptionally small desk that still managed to impress and intimidate her and adjusted his fine slacks. He had the kind of face that somehow appeared just as happy and kind as it was focused and serious. While the silver in Mr. Keller’s hair said refined, in her dad’s it was more like armor. The kind that warned, “Back off, I’ve lived longer than you.” She guessed she shared some of that moxie with her dad, but it just fit better on a sixty-year-old veteran than on her twenty brief years.   
“I don’t think you need to see it as spying, Sarrie. The fact of the matter is that it’s up to you whether or not you tell Lonerby what you’re there to do. I’m fine either way. All I want is a yes or no at the end of the week.”
“Yes, sir. And what I’m there to do exactly, sir?”
He smiled and patted her shoulder. The smell of fruit and flowers coming from his hand surprised her until she remembered it had been her doing. For the most part, the guys seemed to be tolerating her good deeds popping up here and there around the studio. At least she knew they were making use of the new bathroom soap she’d ordered. The sign of her usefulness made her a smidgen less nervous in Mr. Keller’s presence, but when he looked at her with his knowing dark eyes, she figured this perceptive man sensed her apprehensions and the fact she was stuck on the whole spying feel of the job. 
“Everyone here at FMG are fans of Lonerby, Sarrie. It’s the reason they’re getting this second chance. I more than anyone hope to get a good report back from you.”
“My report, sir. If you don’t mind my asking, what will you be taking from it?”
He considered her with a long look. “I need a third-party opinion, that’s all. Someone who’s unknown to the band, to give me insight on how the guys handle the road. You fit the bill perfectly. We all want to bring them back out on the tour. Of course, it could go the other way in which case some other up-and-comer will get their shot. That’s just the business. You’re a hard worker and I believe you’ll be fair to them and to us.”
It sounded like her opinion would be given far too much weight. Her stomach tossed at the thought of being judge and jury for this band’s touring shot. She licked lips that felt too dry and cracked. “Fair to them and to you, sir?”
“I’ve been at it a long time, dear. I’ve learned the consequences of poor prioritizing.” He glanced at a framed portrait of zippers and chains rockers Sin Pointe and pursed his lips. “If Lonerby aren’t ready, if they’re not strong enough to withstand the rigors of everything a tour will dole out, then it’s best for everyone to go our separate ways. Best for them, best for Sin Pointe and best for FMG.”
When he put it that way, it reeked of finality. That made her wonder why she’d been chosen for a task this important, and not someone with more tenure. Someone like her cousin, Ben, who might look more like a pizza delivery guy than the genius webmaster for Sin Pointe, but still a guy who’d been doing this for at least the past decade. Ben had gotten her this job which meant she owed it to him to be on her game. Still, it would be nice to have his expertise on this mission, not to mention the comic relief. But her boss wanted an unknown face in the crowd. Which brought her back to the original issue. This time her stomach knotted as the word spy crept around inside her.
Everything in Sarrie’s life had come to her, good or bad, through brutal honesty. But this wasn’t just about her. She dug her clunky heel against the floor, smothering her selfishness and remembering her dad’s progress.
“I understand, sir. Thank you for that explanation and I’m honored you think so highly of me.” But there was just one thing she had to be clear about. “Mr. Keller? My opinion isn’t going to be the ultimate factor in this decision, is it?” Mr. Keller reached up and caught the hand that was worrying the hairs of her eyebrow. 
“No, not the ultimate factor, but a very necessary and important one that’s going to benefit everyone involved.”
She didn’t mean to but blew out a gusty breath. At least she wasn’t the end-all-be-all in the equation.  
Just then Ben went walking by; his raspberry colored jeans caught her attention before anything else. His smile owned his entire face and he wiped a hand through his long brown bangs. “Heidy ho, Sarrie. Hi Vance,” he said as he plopped down at her desk and stuck a thumb drive into one of several of his spare laptops. She liked sharing desk space with her cousin, the “Big Guy” as they liked to call Ben here at the studio office. “Oh snap, am I late for a meeting? Sorry, Vance,” he said.
Mr. Keller must really like Ben not to react to the loose odds and ends of his greeting. The boss just sat there taking it all in. He must really appreciate Ben’s hard work too. Sarrie noticed that not a single new crease wrinkled the stylish silvery business suit Vance wore because he hadn’t moved a muscle. He was completely comfortable and accepting of Ben and his oddities. That’s because he’s about business and knows his people well. That’s why he chose me. I can do this. 
Sarrie’s hopeful glance went from Mr. Keller and back to Ben who sat ridiculously tall in his roller chair. She’d played high school basketball but would still need a stack of phonebooks to reach that height. 
“Good morning, Ben.” Mr. Keller smiled his way. “No meeting, officially. I was just going over some details about the Lonerby trip with Sarrie.”
“Oh,” Ben said then tucked his chin down, reminding Sarrie of a worrisome turtle retreating into its shell. 
What was that all about? Although she did feel slightly better knowing it wasn’t a top secret mission. Being sneaky rubbed her the wrong way. What was the point? To her it was just a waste of time, and worse when it was adults doing it. Another stray thought of her dad almost got to her but she dodged it just in time. She had a great job now. Her dad was getting help because of it. Sad, old memories of the turmoil they called life in California were not invited to the office. Especially not when she was talking with the boss about her first big task as the new assistant. But Ben’s reaction had her curious. She regretted the ten years they’d lost touch with each other after he’d left California and she’d stayed, stuck. 
“So,” she dragged the word out as long as she could. “I guess I start tonight?”
Mr. Keller answered her while Ben typed loudly. 
“Yes, they’re playing a local gig tonight at Slanger’s. You’ll have the opportunity to introduce yourself, or not. Up to you, but please make use of your company card. Like I said earlier, Sarrie, I trust you to do the right thing. Whatever that ends up being.” 
“I appreciate your confidence in me, sir. I’ll get the job done.” And she would. 
Maybe her childhood had prepared her for this very moment. All those years of being responsible for making her own meals, forcing her dad to the grocery store when he was hung over. She still remembered the first time she’d taken Dad’s big heavy hand and put the pen between his fingers and then signed her permission slip. Taking care of things might not have been fair to her childhood but it was darn right invaluable to her livelihood and this job. No excuses, no whining. Mr. Keller had said there were bands just waiting for their chance at Lonerby’s coveted position. She was sure the same could be said for her job. Ben might have gotten her in, but it was up to Sarrie to keep it. 
Mr. Keller nodded, patted her shoulder again, and then waved to Ben. Then he was down the hall and out of sight.
“So. You’re on the Lonerby job. You gonna be okay?”
Sarrie cherished Ben’s concern. The girl he loved was exceptionally lucky. How many times had Sarrie wished Ben could have been her big brother? Instead she’d had Mark who’d left home the day after he turned eighteen. She hadn’t seen Mark in eight years. Their dad, however, she’d seen every one of those days. Positive, stay positive. Dad’s on the right track. Tennessee has been good for him. People can change. She grasped the high, tight knot of her thin, mousy pony tail, wishing it was half as healthy and thick as Ben’s, and moved it around, lessening some of the tension from her scalp.
“So hey, Slanger’s. That’s the bar down on Main Street, right?” she asked her cousin.
Sarrie rounded the counter to her chair and portion of the front desk. Once she took her seat, he rolled her forward until their knees bumped and they were face to face like they were about to play office chair basketball. But he didn’t have his game-time face on.
“Okay, here’s the deal, my little mini-me.” Sarrie couldn’t help but smile. “I wish I could go with you tonight. And I will, if you really need me to.” He stressed the word really.
She stopped him. “Is Slanger’s that bad? Do I need back up?”
He shook his head. “Not Slanger’s. That environment won’t be a problem for you,” Ben said, his voice getting softer at the last few words. 
She looked away for a moment. Ben knew everything about her past. It was what it was. She’d accepted that long ago. Unfortunately the shame wasn’t as easy to ditch. 
“Okay. So I shouldn’t worry about the drunks, which leaves Lonerby. Mr. Keller wouldn’t have picked me for this job if they were dangerous, right?”
He twisted his mouth and tapped his chin. “You’re right. He wouldn’t have put you on a job if you wouldn’t be safe.”
“I get the feeling there’s something you’re not telling me, Ben. What gives?”
He fidgeted with a few of his black rubber bracelets and then blew out hard enough to puff out his lips. “I had an unfortunate experience with their lead singer and now Vance does his best to spare me any more embarrassment. Which for the record I would gladly endure if you needed backup.”
“Ooh, ouch. Sorry to hear that.” Sarrie didn’t want to put Ben in a bad spot. Whatever had happened had obviously been pretty gnarly.
“Yeah, I usually keep that on the down low. Anyhow, my advice? Stick to the shadows. Be that cute little fan girl who follows them from town to town but is too shy to go up and say hi. Spare no expense with the company card. Stay in nice hotels in good parts of town and don’t play around with your gas tank. Keep it full. And no rest-stops. Those are big no-no’s for—” 
“For what? Girls?”
“No. Not girls. You. My mini-me. Make your observations, take your notes and get them to Vance. Then be done with it. Oh, and don’t go falling in love with Erby Wells. That’s my advice, Sare-Bear. And promise you don’t hate me for not going. Have I told you how much I love having you as a desk buddy?” He pinched her nose and she smelled the fruit and flowers on his hands as well. She smiled. So she’d foregone college for the moment. This job, this place, it’s where she loved being. She’d never felt part of something so cool and important and she had that here. Ben eyeballed her.
Who could be mad at that giant goofy sweetheart? His Hazel was a lucky woman. Ben leaned in and hugged her. For a second she was stiff, but then she relaxed and gave him a squeeze back. She swallowed, afraid he’d notice her reaction to affection. But his arms naturally loosened and then fell to his sides. She could learn a lot from him. “Thanks, Ben. I think I know what I need to do now. And I promise to steer clear of Erby Wells. She’s not my type.” Sarrie winked.
He tilted his head at her good-natured comeback. “Well, it’s a good thing. And even though I won’t be there with you, pinky swear you’ll keep me on speed dial. You know, in case you get bored spying on rock stars.” 
“I promise.” They hooked pinkies.
Sarrie turned to her laptop and pulled up her email. There was a message from Mr. Keller with Lonerby’s itinerary: Nashville tonight then Knoxville, and finally Arlington, Virginia. After that she was to meet up with Mr. Keller at the Tyson’s Corner Ritz Carlton. A gulp of air that had been building as she’d read whooshed out. The Ritz? She shivered but told herself she could do this. Her way. Dad had improved so much lately…he would be fine on his own for a week. Mr. Keller would see he’d made the right decision by sending her. The only thing in question was the band Lonerby.
Sarrie clicked to a file of FMG’s clients then opened Lonerby’s photo. The four of them stood there side by side, holding hands and wearing matching suspenders in their antiqued headshot. At the very bottom their names were noted. Luke, Oscar, and Noah Willoughby and a flame-haired, pint-sized Erby Wells. 
Luke Willoughby was the only one looking down. 
She wondered if he was the troubled one who’d shown up drunk and puked at last week’s joint press conference with Sin Pointe, effectively getting them kicked off the tour. 
She could feel his exhaustion in the way his arms hung at his sides and his hands barely even stayed cupped. The longer she studied the band photo, the other members fell away until it was just Luke. She had no answer for why that happened. The black cardigan he wore over an oatmeal colored V neck gave him a preppy look but his shoulders were so wide and masculine. His jeans were tight but bunched at the knees and ankles over a pair of leather lace up boots. She rubbed at her chin, trying to find something sloppy or disorderly about his appearance but she couldn’t. Even his short beard was neatly trimmed. She wished he wasn’t looking down and wondered about his eyes. If he had problems, that’s where she would be able to see them. She closed her eyes for a second and drifted home. Dad’s were so much clearer now. Finally, his circles had begun to fade. But man, had it been work to get to that point. The years had left her tired and quite frankly, feeling selfish.
Sarrie had just scanned back up toward the top of Luke Willoughby to study his tousled sandy blond hair and beard some more when Ben poked her in the back.
She jumped. Then her ears started warming.
He waggled his finger at her like she was in trouble. She expected a warning was on its way.
She was wrong. Ben shrugged.
“Luke’s got a good heart,” he said, bunching his lips together.
Luke Willoughby also had strong shoulders and warm looking hands. She’d always imagined those things being comforting in a man. If a man had those, for some reason, she could see him coming through the other side okay. When it got so dark and he had to stand alone. She wondered if she’d ever seen him in person, passing through there at the studio but couldn’t place him. It seemed like lots of guys in bands sported the trim beards nowadays.
Sarrie waited for the “but” from Ben, but it never came. 
Embarrassed, she closed the photo and got on the office phone. Her house’s message prompt sounded and then beeped. 
Quietly, Sarrie turned away from Ben and spoke into the phone cupped by her hand, and lingering protectiveness. “Hi Dad, it’s me. In case I miss you tonight, I’m going to be traveling the rest of this week for work. Didn’t want you to worry. Anyhow, there’s tuna casserole in the fridge. Should last you at least a few days. Think of me while you’re jogging. I’ll check in often but call Ben if you need anything. Love you.”
Ben nodded that what she’d said was fine by him.
Shuffling some unimportant papers on her desk, it wasn’t lost on Sarrie that she was going to have to go into this observing with an open mind. Reckless people with problems changed. All the time. What worried her was whether they were capable of doing it at a young age, or if it would take years and repeated mishaps like it had with her dad.
Was Luke the problem? Is that why he looked so worn down? What would he be like in person? She caught herself hoping for the best.
Sarrie turned again to see Ben watching her. He was shaking his head.
Chapter Two

How in the world did his little brother live like this? 
“This is my fault. Dammit.” Luke wiped his face of the disgust he felt. It tumbled around inside him like a wild bumper car ride run by filthy swine. “Don’t touch anything,” he said to his assistant, trying to warn her. But she still went to his dumb ass little brother who was currently passed out on the floor. 
Luke scratched at his cheek. Just one more nonsensical mystery in the game he called life. Somehow Noah’s puking incident had won them the cute girl he’d been noticing the last few months at the studio. It was crazy but that was the music biz for you. The Fates must think highly of him to have slammed them together under these circumstances. At least his curiosity over whether she was legal had been solved. Then again, maybe the Fates detested him if he believed Sarrie’s claim. That she was there to observe their shows and share what she saw with FMG. He’d thought her an eager, crazed fan until she shoved Vance Keller’s business card in his face along with a resume of all things. Then he’d tried not to laugh. That hadn’t gone over very well.
But there was nothing to laugh about now.
Apparently Noah’s reason for taking off in such a rush after tonight’s show was that he had a late-night date getting wasted. Man, Luke wished No-No would find a different love. One less toxic to Noah’s system. The boy just couldn’t handle his alcohol. No human could handle that many bottles of wine in a twenty-four hour period.
Luke stepped on a can, crunching it under his boot, and picked up on the stench of beer, but it was nothing compared to the heavy rip of ammonia. The run-down motel room was so dirty, with its mattress that reeked of urine. The stains told as much. Dammit, No-No. We were so close, brother. He wanted to kick the stupid can so badly right now but it was stuck to the bottom of his boot. After rubbing hard circles into his brow, he yanked the crushed aluminum off and squeezed, balling it between his two hands. So much for progress.
“It’s okay. I’ll help you move him up to the bed,” Sarrie said, getting his attention back, and then bent down to her knees to carefully slide her hands under Noah’s shoulders. “Ready,” she said.
Luke tossed the demon can into the trash and then went to his knees beside Sarrie, wishing he could get a read on her thoughts. But what else could she be thinking? Why would she vouch for them now or believe him when he said Noah would be fine? Noah was clearly not fine. Acid burned in Luke’s throat and his stomach churned. He held back tears while looking at his baby brother’s surroundings, knowing he had failed. Not to mention Luke had been a colossal idiot to bring her here with him. He could have handled Noah alone. He’d been doing it for years now.
“I’ll get this end,” he told her. “You get the feet.” She listened and did as he asked without question. Didn’t even seem offended at his irritability. “Please,” he added, looking at her until she nodded. He thought the word sorry, but frustration and tight lips held it back. She could end their comeback. As much as he’d enjoyed having her around the last couple days, that was pretty damn hard to ignore. As a result, uncertainty had hung over them, showing up in her hesitant glances away from him and his penchant to nervously flirt. 
Her quick, practiced movements distracted him and it was all he could do to just watch her secure Noah’s feet. God, how he appreciated that. Luke knew his brothers and even Erby would make jokes, but young Sarrie’s steady control and confidence was what had attracted him most these last couple days. He could count on her and believe it or not, that rare quality was intoxicating. 
But it wasn’t the time or place. Especially not this disgusting place. He jammed his hands roughly under the little shit’s shoulders, nothing like the gentle way Sarrie had done. No-No should feel something, just like the rest of them. 
He hated that he had the FMG rep here but damn, he’d have been miserable without her. None of this shit seemed to bother her yet he knew she was probably cataloguing every empty beer can. Luke closed his eyes and rubbed at the center of his forehead again, feeling the vein that gave him the look of a crazy man.
“On second thought, I’ll handle this. Come on. Let’s find you somewhere safe to wait,” he said to her, aware he was contradicting himself at every turn. Avoiding her eyes became too hard in that moment. He just wanted her safe. To hell with this decision hanging over not just his head but Oscar and Erby’s as well. Oscar had a family to support and Erby was a star. Maybe she should leave their small town asses for a better opportunity. He wouldn’t blame Erby. Just like he didn’t blame Sarrie. Fuck, people had jobs to do.
“Luke—I’m fine. It doesn’t bother me.”
“Well it bothers me. Nope. Come on.” 
Luke put his hand at Sarrie’s back and felt her arch at his touch as he led her to the chair by the TV. He’d crossed another one of those professional lines and that was her warning. Or what he would have preferred to believe, that it was a sign she liked his hand there, an invitation that he follow the curve of her spine as she moved away and say screw everyone and everything else. His hand ached.
“Just sit here?” he asked but really it was a demand. Sure, she’d proven herself as a trooper so far, but did she really want to have her hands in the vomit coating his brother’s arm? 
“I’ve got it. Please.” She seemed to like it when he said that. In a room full of muck, the barely there curve of her lips turning up at his good manners made his heart beat harder. 
Sarrie nodded and stood for a second, and then with her arms tucked tightly at her sides, sat down. Still frowning. Still looking like a girl Luke had no business becoming this fond of. At least her stiff posture meant she understood the nature of her surroundings. The types of people who had been here before her and their uncleanliness, to put it lightly. He needed to get Noah into bed and then somehow wrangle a ride for her out of this shithole before she caught a disease. What he really wanted would not happen. Not now.
That’s what he thought as he walked back to Noah. 
His brother was moaning and curled up like a baby. Luke could see the sweaty skin plainly before he even got down on his knees again, on the damn disgusting floor. A roach ran by. He touched Noah’s forehead and shook his head. 
“God dammit, No-No. Why’d you do this to yourself?”
Why now?   
But he knew. 
Noah was just doing the same dumb ass stuff Luke and Oscar had dabbled with at his age. But neither of them had ever slipped this far into the dark underbelly of restlessness that sometimes seduced young men. Luke would never understand how they could be as busy as they were making the music and still find time to fuck it all up. 
“Come on man, up onto the bed. Here we go.” Luke talked himself through the process of heaving Noah’s all but dead weight up onto the mattress. Once he had tugged, rolled, and grunted his little brother up onto the bed, he sat on his haunches and thought good and hard about what would come next. 
It was crazy and stupid, but he wondered it anyway. 
Would Sarrie entertain the idea of one quiet room, one night, just him and her? 
No band talk. No decision making. He glanced at Sarrie to see her looking outside through a crack in the curtains. Hell, they didn’t even have to do anything. He would if she wanted to, but they didn’t have to. Something about her stiff seriousness made him think she’d appreciate the chance to lie down and break from life’s crap as much as he would.
With one hand in his own hair and the other in Noah’s, Luke gave up on the stupid wish. 
He couldn’t leave Noah alone like this. 
Hopefully there was running water in the bathroom sink. He needed a cup to toss in Noah’s face and then a few more to pour down his throat. 
When he looked up again, Sarrie was facing him. Even though he was dead tired, her brown-eyed stare gave him something, an energy to try. What she didn’t know was that it also made him want that one night with her. If Luke could hold her right now, he would. Her presence was that comforting, making him desperate to know just how good her touch would make him feel. Cursed and blessed by her presence, Luke swallowed his desire. He had no choice but to keep his thoughts away from the insane way he wanted to skim his hands down her slender body. He fisted his hands and managed a way to get her out of his mind for a second. 
“Sarrie, can you please get me a cup of water?”
Her face softened, finally loosening the noose of her earlier frown. “Of course,” she said, and it seemed like she wasn’t even affected by the filth.
Cold chased warm around his insides at the possible reasons for that. 
Luke had read the resume she’d handed him that night at Slanger’s after placing her as the cute young girl at the studio right away. She’d graduated high school a couple years ago with grades that should have her applying for college, not work with a struggling band. Lonerby hadn’t even known they were in the market for an assistant but she’d bravely walked up to him and stuck it in his face anyway. Out of nowhere. That subtle seriousness of hers had eaten him up from the start. Now he didn’t know what he’d do without her. But he wasn’t exactly sure what he could do with her either. There were definite things Luke could think of if he had her alone and somewhere safe, to hell with her mission. 
No, not to hell with her mission, you idiot. Don’t be so selfish, this is her job.
That’s all he needed was to get her fired.
Shit, he looked at the clock. 
He’d wasted so much time. Too scared to make much of a move as they’d driven from Nashville to Knoxville, after her whole bit of “I’ve got my eye on you” honesty. And then too busy worrying about shit he obviously had no control over. Two nights from now at Arlington would be it; she’d be gone. Vance Keller would be waiting for her report the next day. Although now with this turn of events, why would she bother to stick around another night? Another eight hours on the road in the van, trapped with them?
“Here you go, Luke,” she said. Her voice was so clean and smooth, it knocked some of the edge off his heartburn. 
Sarrie handed over the cup of water. 
“Thank you.” He took it and their fingers touched. Distraction better come quick or he’d give in to the sweet sting she’d just caused him.
The cup of water. Luke decided not to toss it in Noah’s face just yet. Knowing Sarrie, she’d frown at that. He put the cup at Noah’s open lips until his brother was able to swallow without choking.
A few cups of water later, and Noah was coherent enough to let Luke cover him with a clean enough blanket Sarrie had rummaged for and found.
But just because little bro was drinking the water didn’t mean he was keeping it down. Just then Noah heaved it back up. Unfortunately, there didn’t seem to be any food in his system, just bile. Luke looked to Sarrie who still hadn’t as much as cringed. He just couldn’t figure this one out. She was too warm and sympathetic to be made of stone like she might have him believe. The soft give of her back when he’d touched her was proof of that. But her reactions to the situation were few and far between. 
“Hey, just keep holding his head up. I might have something that will help.” Sarrie hunched over and dug in her purse. 
A second later, she looked up with hope in her pretty cocoa brown eyes. 
“What did you find?” he asked, unable to see what was on the tiny foil square she stuck out. Fuck if it didn’t remind him of a condom. He wasn’t supposed to be letting his thoughts go there. Too late. He cleared his throat and fought his body’s demand to heat and harden.
What Sarrie held out was a seltzer tablet. She dropped it into the remaining water in the cup, making him feel like a gigantic horny ass. “These usually work when someone’s had too much to drink.” She blinked slowly, reminding him of how young she was.
Fear for how she knew that made him feel even worse now. But he was also grateful. 
She held Noah’s head up and Luke poured the fizzing cup of water in his mouth. Like magic, it stayed down.
“See?”
“I do.” He saw a lot. More than she knew. “You know I keep forgetting you’re only twenty. You know too much for your own good.” If she’d been around alcohol, it was more than likely due to someone else. She wasn’t of legal age to buy yet and had proven to like doing things above board. He wondered about her family and her friends. Things he should have asked her about on the road in the van. He was an idiot.
“Age rarely has anything to do with anything,” she said matter-of-factly.
“You’re right about that. Noah’s old enough to know better,” he said and left off right there. Luke shook his head. He needed to get her a ride out of here. It was his fault she’d left her car back in Nashville to travel with them in the van. “Hey, I’m gonna call a taxi to come get you.”
Sarrie shouldn’t be in this room. He couldn’t even offer her a bed to rest in, just that cramped little chair. She shouldn’t be showering in this shower or fuck, bathing in this bathtub. Yes, he was concerned for her safety, but not just from the grime. If she used the towel, he couldn’t guarantee he wouldn’t go holding it to his nose later. Then he started imagining her at his apartment back home. Leaving her lip prints on his glasses when she got thirsty. Fuck, licking his spoon. Wearing one of his shirts to sleep. 
Vance Keller’s scout had no idea how dangerous that look on her face was right now. 
There would be nothing to keep him away from her if she were ever to step foot in his apartment. 
At least here, she was safe. It was the most backwards, jacked up thought he’d had all night. Luke looked around and swore he saw another roach skitter by. There wasn’t a chance in hell he’d let himself get close to her here in No-No’s crap-breeding room, no matter how deep that desire had settled in his bones. The place was a crime scene waiting to happen.
“Luke? Did you want me to make the call?” she asked reminding him of what he’d said he’d do. 
“You know what? If you’re okay with it, we’ll stay here.” He pressed his palms flat over his knees.
Shit, that seemed to make her frown even less.
“That’s fine. I’d rather be here to help you anyway.”
He blew out a breath and scratched at his beard. What he needed was help keeping his mind on his brother. “You know, I haven’t told the rest of the band that you’re observing us.” Where that came from he wished he knew. Something about her huddled on that chair must have affected him permanently. Her presence was like a truth serum or something, branded on him forever. “They think you’re helping us.”
“I wondered about that. So when you introduced me to them as Lonerby’s new assistant, they took you at your word. Guess that’s why they warmed up to me so fast. I wish they knew the truth. I hate feeling like I’m being sneaky.”
“Well, you can blame me for not saying anything. Anyway, it’s probably best they don’t know.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. It’s gotta be hard on you, observing someone when they know you’re watching.” Before he could think better of it, he licked his lips.
“Someone. You mean you.”
“Yeah,” was all he could say.


Noah moaned but didn’t throw up this time. Luke stared at him and tried to funnel his frustration back down inside so it didn’t come out and scare Sarrie. He couldn’t win for losing with her. She settled into her chair, making him want to hold her again. 
“All right. This room is dirty but the door lock seems to work so maybe it’s safe enough. Let me know if you need anything.” An odd thing to say considering he was merely feet away and had nothing to give her should she make a request. But he knew why he’d said it. He had to stay away from her. For both their sakes.
****
Sarrie felt safe enough. 
She never would have left Luke to deal with this alone. 
Not now with their new bond and the way her heart, which had always been guarded with everyone else, went out to him. If there was one thing Sarrie understood, it was the struggle of being the one trying with everything you had to keep your family together. The one who could never lose control. She hadn’t been able to hold on to her mom or Mark. It was why she fought so relentlessly for her dad. She realized now that it wasn’t a matter of there being one decision she had to make. As she sat there and watched Luke standing guard over Noah, looking so strong but ready to crumble at any minute, she knew him as well as she knew herself.
They still had the rest of the night to get through. And this final question to answer.
She wondered if their short time together had him thinking about her the same way she did him. 
Better yet, was he just as close as she was to throwing caution to the wind and taking this one night for themselves? 
Just then he spoke up. Warm and gravelly, the man’s voice was a gift to her ears. 
“I’m so sorry, Sarrie. You don’t belong here. I never should have brought you.”
“Please, don’t worry about that. So Noah, how does he do on nights like these?” What use would it be to pretend she hadn’t spent the bulk of her teens camped out in a chair by wherever her dad had passed out, making sure he woke up the next day? 
“What do you mean?” he asked, his phrasing quiet and Southern. She was sure he knew exactly what she was asking, but it made her feel better that he seemed just as protective of his ugly truth as she was of hers. 
She tilted her head, stretching her neck and a crack sounded before she righted herself. He’d watched her doing that and his stare made her want to get up and move about the room at first. But after a few seconds, something about the calm in his tired eyes settled her nerves. No, she didn’t want to leave. She wanted to keep talking to him, because it was so easy to do, and his Southern drawl warmed her like a campfire.
“Does he tend to throw up while he’s dead asleep?” A giant moment of truth came next. Her throat felt dry but she went with it. “My dad’s done that on me more times than I can count. That’s all.”
I shouldn’t have said that. Luke’s jaw worked a few times, hard, because she saw it adjust back and forth under his rugged beard. Its appeal made her back straighten. 
“Sometimes. Little bastard is sleeping it off pretty nicely now though. He’s probably out ‘til tomorrow.” 
She nodded. Luke made a noise that sounded like he appreciated that shared admission on both their parts as well. 
With a few feet between them, she had the chance to watch his face move. Smiles were sparse but he gave enough away in half-quirks and brow lifts that she sensed he was comfortable around her right now, even though he’d said she shouldn’t be here. But it wouldn’t do for her to keep staring. Sometimes, she thought it irritated him when she did that. He looked away from her a lot.
She turned her head to stretch out her sore neck again and let her eyes close. If he’s watching, I don’t want to know. I have to be professional. I owe it to Mr. Keller. Ben. She realized just then as she reminded herself about the people counting on her that she owed an honest opinion to Luke, too. The health of his brother was at stake. She might ultimately have to be the outsider who did the right thing for Noah when Luke couldn’t.
When she opened her eyes, Luke’s were closed. Dark shadows filled the creases. The traces of exhaustion ran down his straight nose to his dry lips protected by light brown whiskers.  
He was sawing his closed lips with his straight fingers, back and forth. The short hairs of his mustache moved along the edges of his fingers, making the whiskers seem more soft and less prickly. What are you thinking right now, Luke Willoughby? The surprise was that she truly cared to know. 
“Luke,” she said and waited until he opened his eyes. The green flecks of the hazel were brought out by the bloodshot surrounding them. “I know you’re worried about your brother.”
Regarding her in the way he was with serious eyes and a slight frown, she could tell he was debating something. He scrubbed his face with his hands that reminded her of the intensity of his guitar playing the past two nights and the way he drew in the crowd. 
“I’m worried about a lot of things, Sarrie.”
She couldn’t help but blink when he pinned her with an unexpected stare. 
What were those worn out eyes trying to tell her? 
Yes, she was experienced in dealing with an alcoholic, but a sober man paying her such deliberate looks, she’d never had that. 
The last thing she expected to do just then was slip to the memory of watching him play on stage tonight. The way his head had lolled back, his mouth fallen open while his fingers maintained complete control over the strings, making them produce the sounds he wanted. It baffled her how in that way, he was so strong, yet here with Noah, it seemed he was barely staying afloat. She could tell him what he needed to do for his brother, which would sound harsh but it would work. However that wasn’t her place. Not if she intended on saving at least a shred of her unbiased opinion on whether they should return to the Sin Pointe tour. In the end, she knew it wasn’t her place to preach at Luke. She’d known him all of what? Two days?
“Luke, I’m really sorry about Noah. I’ll help you in whatever way I can with him.”
“Thank you, Sarrie. You’re a good girl, you know that?”
A smile would have been okay but there was little happiness to be felt in this room.  
“I like you, Sarrie.”
Her heart warmed and cried at the same time.
“I like you too, Luke.”  She knew he wasn’t perfect, but she had seen enough to also know he had a good heart, just like Ben had said. He’d just been caught up in some bad times. “You’re a good guy.”
“No, I don’t think so.”
Considering their current situation, she disagreed. Sarrie scooted her chair closer to the bed and caught Luke as he sat up straighter on the edge of the mattress. A cockroach silently crawled up to investigate the pinky finger of her left hand as it rested where the worn out mattress edge used to make a sharp ninety degree angle. She felt its feeler and then a leg. She didn’t scream but flicked it away in a hurry.
“God! I can’t believe I have you here. I should have known better. I’m so sorry.” 
She could tell him a million times she was there to help. It wouldn’t matter. He was too much like her. Taking care of others, usually on his own.
Chapter Three

“Luke, I’m here to help you. It’s my job.”
She sounded insistent but she was wrong. Noah was his job, his responsibility. 
This was nowhere close to what she had been sent to do. In fact, Luke was sure management would kick both their asses to the curb if they found out Sarrie was holed up in here with him. Hell, maybe they’d applaud her for getting a bird’s eye view. But looking at her, he knew this hadn’t been part of some infiltration plan. Her eyes were, at max, a foot away since she’d scooted so close. He could smell her breathing and feel her breath. He leaned back, aware he was too close.
“You didn’t sign up for this crap.”
“I’m here to help. It’s okay. Really.”
But he could tell that she was only putting up the front for his sake. Bugs and piss stains surrounded one of the most sincere and true people he’d met in a long time. 
Who knew how many junkies had been holed up in here over the years? 
And she hadn’t bitched about it.  
When it came to putting up with crap, she was winning the prize tonight. Luke hated that he’d brought her here. But he also didn’t know what he’d do if she hadn’t been there with him.  
Probably strangle Noah.  
But that wouldn’t have been fair either, since he’d been the one to get high with him in the first place.  
He thought about calling their older brother, Oscar.  
Oscar, who was probably asleep or talking to his pregnant wife. No, that wouldn’t be good. Luke loved Marissa and wouldn’t want to take her man from her. Luke was going to be an uncle any day now. They had been hoping for sooner than later when the plan was to get back out on the road to finish up their tour. How did Luke tell Oscar that might not happen now? That the decision lay in the hands of a twenty-year-old young woman who looked as straight and narrow as their memaw’s old ironing board? Why the hell did he find that so damn attractive? 
Tour, livelihood, thought Luke. Focus.
But his mind wanted her. His body wanted her. 
You cannot have her. End it.
Noah was a mess.  
What was he going to do with his baby brother?  
He didn’t know right then and there, sitting inches from the epitome of self-restraint. What he did know was that he hadn’t been lying when he told Sarrie he liked her.  
He wanted to kiss her. Somewhere safe and clean. Somewhere she deserved to be kissed.
Sarrie reached her hand to his face in a friendly and gentle gesture as he thought of maybe asking her on a date some time when they weren’t sitting in a junkie’s haven.  
“It’s gonna be okay, Luke. Everything will always be okay.”
“Thanks. I hope you’re right.”
He couldn’t help but want to raise his hand to meet hers. But he was afraid of what that type of contact would mean, for him anyway. And then as if he’d been slapped by the afterthought, he quickly asked, “Are you okay?”
****
“Me?” She hadn’t thought of herself with all that was going on.  
With Noah.  
With Luke.  
She already cared about the guys in the band, all three of them, and their gal, too.  
Lonerby was a great group of individuals and very talented musicians who the crowds both nights had loved. It had taken until tonight for the three of them to warm up to her but even Erby had offered to buy Sarrie a drink during tonight’s set break.
Touched at his concern, she said, “I’m fine. It’s you I’m worried about.”  
He reminded her of the picture she’d studied on her laptop, and the way he’d seemed so worn down in the photo. 
“Luke, do you remember when we met?”
****
“Come on, it wasn’t that long ago. Geez,” she said. 
He was obviously in need of a distraction, both from Noah and the urge he had to just go ahead and kiss Sarrie right here and now. He was trying to remember their very first meeting. But all the times he’d seen her at her desk in the studio, they’d never talked. Embarrassed, it dawned on him that she probably meant Slanger’s.
“I do. You were singing karaoke at Slanger’s. The locals were getting restless with your questionable song choice.” He looked her over to see if his teasing had won a smile. 
“I’d never sing in public and especially not karaoke.” 
“I know, I was just teasing you. My brain is fried. Sorry. But yes, I remember. I, uh, I thought you were pretty cute. You know I’ve seen you before at the studio.” 
At first she just stared at him but then gifted him with a tentative smile topped by two rosy cheeks. He’d embarrassed her but he treasured it because this smile was the first. The first real one at least. Her teeth were just a little crooked and he found it adorable. When she shoved at his shoulder, he nearly pounced. Get a grip, man!
Sarrie’s lashes dipped and he couldn’t believe she was showing him this shy but willing side of her to toss around playful banter. “If I had been singing like a fool up there, I doubt the crowd would have appreciated the B-52’s.”
“No, they probably wouldn’t. But you like them?”
She shrugged then answered, “Yeah.”
“What’s that about? They’re a fun band. You don’t have to hide your Rock Lobster love from me.” Although it said a lot that she’d only graduated a couple years ago from high school and had such old taste in music. It made him like her even more. 
When he looked down at what she was now staring at, he saw that their hands were centimeters apart on the mattress. Then she pulled back and after a second, so did he.
The trip down memory lane was working and he didn’t want to screw it up. But now he had the fantasy of her dancing and duetting with him around the bar at Slanger’s. Having careless fun. Could he try for another smile? 
“If you hadn’t been so busy spying on me, I’d have been sure to karaoke with you after the set.” He taunted her by singing a line from Love Shack.
At that, her mouth gaped open and he couldn’t be certain that she wasn’t going to shove him for real this time. But she collected herself after huffing out a breath. One he felt skim across his face. A momentary lapse that honed his body for more play. She blinked and her lips parted. It was anyone’s guess at this point what she might come back with. He waited, watching her mouth.
“Yeah, that would have been a fun night,” she said, looking down. 
Luke couldn’t help but stare at her and hold himself in check. Keep everything where it belonged. In his chest and in his pants.
His lonely mind could only wander so far before he got her in serious trouble. Noah moaned and kicked his foot around, until it landed on Luke’s lap. Luke carefully put it back on the bed. What he wouldn’t give to have her in his lap instead. Enough of this pussyfooting crap. What would please her? That’s what he intended to find out.
****
Sarrie fidgeted under Luke’s direct stare. Her nerves were just crazy and the trip down memory lane had her thinking of getting to know Luke better and less about roaches, questionable wall stains and being impartial.
“What are you looking at me like that for?” she asked.
“Ah. I just think you’re a cool girl.” Luke’s chin brushed against his chest and then he looked up smiling softly. “I think you’d be fun to hang out with.” 
She had no idea what to say past the lump in her throat so ridiculous things started falling out of her mouth. “If I wasn’t on this secret mission, maybe. Following around this hotshot local band, Lonerby.” She smiled at him, completely nervous about her unpracticed humor, until he returned a grin of his own, devastatingly distracting by the way. “Travelling around after them to these gigs.” 
He reached his hand out to tip her chin and stopped her cold. Her jaw clenched but her skin buzzed. 
“Hey, I get it, funny girl. Wrong time, wrong place.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
He pushed his hand through his sandy blond hair in front. “So just out of curiosity, what did Vance ask you to do exactly?”
No point in lying, she respected truth too much to do that. “His exact words were ‘See if they’re strong enough to handle the rigors of a tour.’”    
Sarrie waited to give Luke a chance to be pissed. It took him a moment, but he finally opened his mouth. A mouth she now found hard to ignore. 
****
He chuckled and the warmth of whatever he found so funny amused her too. “I almost asked you why the need for this mission. But apparently it’s pretty obvious. Shit.”
Luke knew Sin Pointe were in the D.C. area and in two short nights, Noah would be sober enough and Lonerby would be playing a small venue in northern Virginia. He assumed that’s where Vance would expect Sarrie’s report.  
Awkward but necessary he supposed, she indulged him. “You guys aren’t the only ones who have to prove yourself.”
“You mean you’re on the hot seat too? What label executive did you puke on?” He looked at her and raised a brow.
“I think they want to see if I can handle myself around their clients.”
“Ah, a tricky and often slippery thing when dealing with musicians. You’ll never meet more genuinely good-hearted people, but with such a penchant for getting ourselves into trouble.” What a jumble of bologna. He tried for human male and not alien. “You’ve handled yourself exceedingly well around me. Better watch out though, I might have my own report to give if you’re not careful.” There he went again with the teasing and flirting. He supposed he was waiting for it to affect her.
She just kept talking, more than she ever had, and he was listening. But he was also watching the way her mouth moved. The ache to kiss her had worried him ever since she’d hopped in the van and agreed to track down Noah. Now that he’d been thinking about it so much, it didn’t feel like such a dare. He could almost taste her skin. She dipped her shoulder and his eyes followed.  
Something Oscar did that first night at Slanger’s popped into the stream of things she was saying. He kind of wanted her to hurry up and get to the part in the van when he’d spent the four hours to Knoxville riding in the backseat, listening to her silence and watching her observe them. He remembered being cross with her, secretly of course, because it had been his only chance to sleep. But he’d spent the entire time well awake, not wanting to sleep and miss a single breath.
Whenever she got to that part, he’d decide if he would tell her that even though his eyes had been mostly closed, he’d actually been awake, listening and watching. It was why he’d teased her about karaoke earlier. She should do more fun stuff like that. Be twenty years old. Live a little. Yeah, he wanted to tell her. But then if he did that, well, they weren’t anywhere clean or safe. So those thoughts would have to wait. But a kiss, he thought. How he’d like a kiss. He really did like her, a lot. And that shoulder was still calling him.
Just then Noah sat up choking. Sarrie got to his bedside quicker than Luke. A second later, Sarrie was covered in No-No’s puke.
Chapter Four

Sarrie stepped carefully and mostly on tip toes out of the tiny, grime grouted shower. She’d had to waste one of their two usable towels for a floor mat and made sure to land on it. 
The good news was that she no longer teetered on what she’d tell Mr. Keller when they made it to D.C. 
Noah was sick and while he’d managed himself at these smaller gigs, he didn’t belong on a massive, nationwide Sin Pointe tour. She tried to picture him night after night and the binge drinking sessions. It hurt her heart to think of it but worse than that was picturing the landslide of sleepless nights Luke would have to suffer through caring for him. Sure, they might all hate her as a consequence, but that’s why it was called tough love. The truth hurt at first. And sometimes for a very long time after. But at least the person would be alive.
She grabbed for the towel she’d left on the toilet seat and found a loosely folded bunch of clothes. Not hers because they were too big and, she pulled the shirt to her nose, they smelled like Luke. “Mmmm.” 
Her eyes popped open so wide she felt her lashes touch her brow bone. Yes, she’d just sighed at a man’s smell. It was a first. Maybe it was because her decision no longer hung over her head, but she could get lost in the fact she held the shirt he’d played in. She inhaled and the smell brought back visions of him serving as master of his guitar and the beads of sweat that had dotted his forehead, the one that hung from his nose, and the slick mass that had wet his chest hairs showing through the top of his V neck shirt. He’d been so lost in the music that he hadn’t seen her staring or cared about the sweat. She’d noticed more than she realized and had to stop and breathe through what that meant.
“So that’s it, Sarrie? You’re going there now?” she whispered to herself. “Unbelievable.”
Why shouldn’t she? 
Because she’d never had these feelings for a man before? Because the two days she’d known Luke were clearly not long enough and she was here to study him, not fall into a foolish one-sided infatuation? Or was it that his life situation was too close a reminder of the one she’d finally saved herself and her father from? The heaviness of all those truths bowed her shoulders inward and down.
He’s gonna be dealing with Noah’s addiction for a long time to come, especially if he can’t stand to see his baby brother suffer. That’s what enablers did. She knew because she’d watched her mom tiptoe around her dad until the day Mom just didn’t come home. 
Plopping down on the toilet seat, she bundled Luke’s jeans together with his shirt and hugged them. A sock fell from the pile. She found its match and could have cried at his selflessness. He was a good guy and he had a ton of hurt coming his way. For a second, she forgot where she was and nearly let her head fall back against the dingy bathroom wall.
Cold air leaking through the thin motel walls made her shiver. So did the thought of wearing Luke’s clothes. But after she made sure to dry off with the one towel, she pulled on her old panties and bra and then his jeans, which nearly fell right back down, and then slipped his V neck shirt over her head. The baggy look reminded her of the girls from TLC, but not one single day in her life had she ever felt crazy, sexy or cool. Well, maybe she could identify with the crazy part. Completely foreign to her was the thought of what Luke would think. And then she had an altogether more shocking thought. If his clothes were in here, what was he wearing? 
Hot gusts of air puffed out from her lungs until she managed to calm them down. But all she could really think about were bare, strong shoulders and more than just the tiny glimpses she’d gotten of his chest in the V cut shirt she currently wore. She needed a drink of water. Badly. She wiggled her toes in his giant socks. 
****
Noah was asleep again but Luke was so tightly wound, he should be pacing. Instead he sat in the chair Sarrie had used, his foot was going a mile a minute, tapping the wobbly wooden leg. He hoped she didn’t mind wearing his nasty, sweaty clothes. He’d snuck out to the van to see if he could find something clean for her but tonight would have been laundry night and that was his last outfit. He searched for but didn’t see her bag and hoped Oscar or Erby had picked it up by accident and taken it with them. 
He pulled out his phone and shot O a text to let him know they were okay. O texted back, typical of his reserved big brother, with few words. 
Thanks. Owe you. 
Luke typed one more message, giving O the name of the dump they were at, asked for the name and address of O’s hotel and started to ask what time they should head out in the morning but in the time it took him to write the long message, O’s next message came through first.
O: Sarrie?
Luke: Here with me.
O: ???
O: No-No?
Luke: Passed out.
O: Sarrie?
Luke: Shower.
O: Protection?
O: Protection???
The consummate big brother, Oscar was. Luke wouldn’t lie, O’s concern, quiet and reserved as it most always was, kept him sane most days. And yes, he had protection. There just shouldn’t be any way he came that close to using it tonight. 
Luke: Yes. Won’t need it.
O: You might…
Luke: Shouldn’t…room is nasty.
O: Come here. Room’s clean.
If Oscar only knew how many times Luke had considered the option that would guarantee his lips and hands on Sarrie’s. He answered truthfully.
Luke: Not a good idea.
O: Watches you. Into you. Protection.
It would be nice if that was true but Luke alone knew why she’d been watching him so closely. Because of her assignment. But since he hadn’t told the rest of the band that and didn’t plan to, there would be no point.
Luke: Yes, Dad.
O: Fuck you. Love you.
Luke: You too O. 
Their text convo ended before Luke remembered to confirm when and where they’d meet to head to Virginia. He’d just call later. Thanks to O, the damn thoughts of being with Sarrie were cemented in his loose mind. 
Just then the shower water turned off and it became very quiet. Luke stretched and yawned, craving noise and distraction. The second the door opened and she came out, draped in his shirt and jeans, his heart fired up. She stood there, tall and thin with wet hair stuck to her head. The truth was she looked like an orphan some cat had dragged in. But damn she was sexy. Luke felt his body reacting to the way her small breasts had nowhere to hide inside his shirt. He wore the sheer ones on stage to keep him cool and this view scorched his skin. He should offer her his sweater. But he could barely speak. “Hi,” he managed to get out past his staring.
“Hi, and thanks for the clothes.”
Luke stood up. “You’re welcome. It was the least I could do. Man, it’s cold in here.” He started to slip out of his cardigan for her but caught her gaze dip to his tented boxers. It was cold in the room but extremely hot watching her stare until she spun around and hid back in the bathroom.
“Great, now look what you’ve done,” he muttered to his glaring hard-on. 
Luke went to the bathroom door, grateful for his boots as he maneuvered carpet stains. He knocked.
“Sarrie, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to see that. If it makes you feel any better, I’m putting him back where he belongs. Promise.” Please let her appreciate humor right now.
What the fuck was he saying? Like that was possible with the image of her in his clothes burning his eyes and keeping him rock hard. Quickly, he thought about Oscar’s love for pickles on his pizza and belching the words to Pink Floyd songs while they drove from gig to gig. He looked down and felt himself shrinking back to gentleman size. Thank God. He knocked again on the door. “Sarrie, you can come out.” He tugged at his beard and then smoothed it several times.
Finally, the door creaked open. But the hesitant look on her face made him wonder why she’d had that reaction to seeing a man with a hard-on for her. Surely it had happened before. 
She had a great smile. Her hair wasn’t knock-out brunette colored or bombshell blonde but it was an in-between shade and shiny. Any guy would be lucky to have his hands in it. Her curves didn’t stand out because she was built like a female basketball player, kind of lanky. He liked that she was tall but still shorter than him and was sure she had something nice going on underneath her clothes. My clothes, he thought, and had to bite back his grin. She stood there, eyes never dipping below his chest this time, with her one hand resting knuckles to chin and the other held across her midriff. If he didn’t know better, he’d think she was a virgin.
But she was twenty. Did kids these days hold onto it that long? This whole time he’d felt pretty in sync with her but now their eight year age gap taunted him. “Sorry, again,” he said.
“Okay,” she let out, seeming to lose her quiet confidence.
Oh no. That reaction was too timid and he especially didn’t want her feeling uncomfortable around him. “Here, chair’s all yours.”
He noticed her eyelids drooping as she walked past him to the chair. She had to be tired. “Luke, I’m not sure what to say.”
“Don’t say anything. It’s just a guy thing. No worries. I won’t let it happen again.”
But in reality, it was very worrisome and there was no guarantee he wouldn’t slip again. At this very minute, his skin was warm, the tickle swam around in his stomach, his muscles were tight, his body hard, his thoughts dangerous. His mouth dripped inside to be on hers.
For about twenty minutes, she tried to stick it out, but now her head was resting flat against her arm hanging over the chair. Luke sat back on the bed with Noah and stared at the ceiling, trying to clear his head. No luck. Still wanted to hold her. Still wanted to steal a kiss, virgin or not. But most of all, he wanted to see her smile again and hear her tease him back and forth about karaoke. He’d scared the hell out of that girl and sent her into hiding. Damn, he needed her back. His head lolled sideways to check on No-No. Yeah, he needed her back. This shit was too depressing without her.
Yeah, I know, I’m an idiot. I want the one girl who is about to screw, however inadvertently, the only family I’ve got. Good job, Willoughby.
Chapter Five

Sarrie came awake to a gentle push. Once she had her eyes open and her mouth working, she saw that it was Luke who’d woken her. Amazed she’d been able to fall asleep after the awkward incident between them earlier, she acknowledged him with a nod and looked at her watch. “It’s two-thirty in the morning.” She yawned and her eyes cleared up. “You haven’t slept at all.”
“Nah, um, that’s why I woke you up. I wanted you to come lay down.” 
She may have shot him a look like he was crazy but she noticed a new pillow and a spare comforter lying on half of the bed. Noah remained wrapped up and snoring in the old, gross one. Her heart withdrew too far into her chest at the sight of him, making it ache. But she was also mad at Noah Willoughby for letting this weakness wreak havoc on Luke. 
“Did you get those while I was sleeping?” she asked.
He nodded that he had. “Still not the ideal digs but better than nothing. Come on, switch with me. Stretch out.”
Maybe now was as good a time as any to act her age and accept that women and men who liked each other could share close spaces. She could show him that her reaction to his body earlier had just been her inexperience. God, what in the world did he think about her running gaping into the bathroom? Especially after his sweet gift of warm, dry and wonderful smelling clothes? Which reminded her that he was still in just his boxers and cardigan. “Did you go fetch bedding in that?” She pointed at his ensemble which made both of them smile. He tacked on a loud breath at the end, like he’d found some relief in their exchange. 
“Boots too.” He pointed at the same brown leather lace-up ones she remembered in the band photo and watched him hug his knees to his chest from his spot at the head of the bed. He was cold and would probably never admit it. 
If she switched spots with him, he’d have no blanket. She’d barely managed a few good winks in the stiff chair and figured it was only because she’d at least been warm in his clothes. She took a second to think and plan. Luke sat there rubbing the sides of his thighs, distracting her. Anxiety for what she was about to offer had her nearly tipping the chair.
****
“I have an idea.” Sarrie fished around in her purse and pulled out her phone, and then flashed a shiny, platinum credit card his way. “I haven’t used this yet because you all refuse to let me pay for anything.” He watched the skin of her trim cheeks squeeze in as she looked to have cemented some decision. “Pack up your brother’s stuff, we’re going to a nicer hotel. You have a very important gig night after next and it’s what? An eight hour drive to Arlington? Please,” she added at the end and for the first time, used her feminine wiles to pin him with a heart-piercing look. She might be severely unpracticed, but those brown eyes worked him in ways that took away his breath.
A part of him ripped loose and silently begged yes. But, he couldn’t let her do this. “I won’t let you pay for a room for us. I’m sorry, but I’m just not okay with that.” Shit. He wanted so badly to be okay with it. His foot started tapping so he sat cross-legged which got her attention. 
When she considered him like that, Luke caught onto a different vibe. She pulled her bottom lip in and held it there. He swallowed. The lump in his throat wasn’t the only thing in need of being sated but he’d already promised not to let that show again. He’d been trying to ignore that damn thing all night but she was too enjoyable. 
“First, company card that I’m expected to be using.” She waved it in the air. “Second, two rooms, not one. Third, come on, we’ve got six, maybe seven hours before Oscar’s gonna want to hit the road, right? I’d like to sleep in a bed for a few of those hours. I’d like that for you and Noah, too.”
His momentary fantasy of them sharing one of two beds in a single yet brilliant and clean room evaporated. Good, because he wasn’t letting her get him a room. Call him stubborn but that’s not how Tennessee’s sons operated. And he’d be damned before Vance Keller and FMG’s money paid for a room with the girl they’d sent to spy on him. He held absolutely no ill will toward Sarrie because she’d been honest but he was a little tweaked with management.
A stray vision, of spooning up behind her after warm, albeit separate showers left their skin moist, teased him. Teased him so much he blurted out, “I won’t let you do that. End of discussion. I can sleep in the chair and you can have this half of the bed.” 
Apparently he’d struck a nerve with his defiance because the second he said it, her eyebrows became cross and her lips closed tight. “Fine, but only on one condition,” she said with a hint of reluctance. 
But there was nothing hesitant in her eyes when she looked at him. Oh shit, something about her stare told him he was the one in trouble now.
Chapter Six

It was almost easy to forget the feel of the cigarette burns in the carpet when her foot had accidentally made contact with the floor, before he’d given her his socks.
I will forgive him for being so stubborn. I will. She breathed deep and let it out, keeping her eyes on him while she thought.
The stale, old room smell had long since bothered her nose. 
Noah might as well be a harmless pile of snoring blankets and pillows at this point.
Luke Willoughby had her in knots and her guard had slipped off a cliff. 
He was off the bed now, standing before her in his pose. The one from the picture with his wide shoulders looking so strong but his arms hanging loose and without energy. He’d never buttoned his black cardigan so it hung loose, showing her a slice of his chest and stomach, things she’d never seen this close on a man aside from her dad and brother. It was like her eyes hated everything she was trying to stand for right now. They refused to leave his bare skin, preferring to study the intricate little patterns his chest hairs took this way and that. In the center, a soft brown line gathered and led down to his belly button, ending at the spot where his boxers clung to his narrow hips. The defined bones peeking from each side of his waist band were convincing enough. Finally her eyes let go of their fascination with his chest and belly and latched on to his muscular thighs covered in those same soft brown hairs. Sarrie couldn’t imagine a more attractive man than Luke Willoughby or one who would be softer to touch. Admitting that made her swallow. 
“You’re gawking, and I’m still waiting,” he said with that teasing tone. Her head snapped up and her face flamed. “Hi, Sarrie. You were saying you had one condition?”
She blinked away the lust that had overcome her. No it just took a side seat while she re-thought her demand. If he wasn’t letting her put them up in a nice room, and she was staying here the night, then he was sleeping in that bed with her and a blanket and pillow.  
“The condition is that you will sleep in the bed—”
“I guess you want us both awake all night because I’m not taking the bed with you stuck in the chair.”
“You didn’t let me finish. You will sleep in the bed, next to your brother. I’ll take the outside edge. That way we all get some covers. No one freezes.”
She watched him rock forward and then sway back.
His knees bent as soon as they butted up against the mattress. Slowly, he reached down to shrug out of his unlaced boots and then he slid to the center of the bed. Sarrie’s heart beat so hard in her chest she hoped she didn’t die. 
When he reached a hand out to her, she nearly fell onto the bed.
She cleared her throat. “Thank you,” she said with great effort.
Luke watched her until she slid in next to him and then he eyed her even closer once they were on their sides, practically nose to nose. His breath was like a minty sauna, drawing her in. 
“Let’s get some sleep,” he said in his gravelly voice. Did she detect a hint of disappointment?
Sleep sounded good and necessary but it was the last thing she’d expected to hear him say and the very last thing on her mind.
****
Why had he said that? The last thing on Luke’s mind right now was sleep. He’d be careful. Wouldn’t lose control or let things go too far. 
He reached over and petted the side of her slinky hair until he felt the curve of her jaw cup in his hand. It flexed and he knew she must be working out some nerves, if his assumptions from earlier were correct.
“Sarrie, I know the conditions could be so much better, but…”
“But what?” she asked, relaxing her face into his hand with each second that ticked by.
“It’s stupid. You’d think I was a jerk.”
“I highly doubt that. You could be anywhere else right now but you’re sticking it out to take care of your brother. Jerks don’t generally concern themselves with others.”
“Truth?”
“Absolutely, it’s one of my favorite things,” she said and he loved the freckles he could now see sprinkled over the bridge of her nose. 
“I’m selfish.”
“If you’re selfish, then so am I. And I’m not selfish. I’m other things but that’s not one of them.”
“I stopped caring two hours ago about your observation. Did you know Oscar’s got a baby on the way? Erby’s been dreaming of living from her own tour bus since I met her delivering pizza. Noah? He’d do anything I asked him to without question. Yet here I am and all I can think about is the next ridiculous joke I can crack to see your face light up with a smile. I didn’t have to bring you with me tonight. I knew what I’d find when I tracked No-No down. I could have kept this from you and you’d have had no idea how bad off he is. I could have done that for them. But I didn’t.”
“Why did you bring me here, Luke? Because you’re right, you could have probably gotten over on me.”
“Told you. Selfish.”
“That’s a cop out. We both know that’s not true. I’ve been nothing but honest with you.”
He closed his eyes. “And I owe you the same thing.” Luke scrubbed his face carefully so he didn’t scrape hers with his knuckles. Having her call his bluff and also be this close eased the rest out. “I’m tired, Sarrie. Really tired.” He leaned over her and turned off the bedside lamp.
“And you don’t mean as in tonight,” she said once he was back on his side.
A groan nearly escaped his mouth when she blindly took a piece of his hair and gently moved it behind his ear as she said that.
“I had a feeling you’d understand. That’s why I stole you away tonight.”
“Afraid I can’t say it’s gonna get any easier any time soon.”
“Your dad?” he asked, trying to be sensitive but feeling so connected to her. He wasn’t sure if she realized it, but she was petting his beard. He savored the feel of her fingers exploring him this way.
She nodded. “Yep. The move to Tennessee this year was a godsend. I don’t mean to preach, but it took nearly thirty years for my dad to get completely sober.”
Damn, she’d literally grown up with an alcoholic father her entire life.
In his mind, there was nothing else to say, so he shared what was in his heart. 
“Let’s take this one night for ourselves, Sarrie. Whether that’s falling asleep in the next second or...”
At the very least, he prayed she’d let him kiss her.
“Or what?”
“Whatever you’re comfortable with, that involves not falling asleep in the next second.”

“Luke, I’m nervous.”
“About your job?”
“A little,” she whispered. So that wasn’t it exactly. 
“Don’t be,” he said and nearly died when she nuzzled her cheek against his beard. He doubted he’d ever shave it, no matter how much crap he took from his brothers. “You’re very good at it.”
“I’m not so sure.”
“I am,” he said.
“I’ve never done this.”
“I know.” He kissed the tip of her nose, appreciating what must have been a hard thing to admit out loud. But he’d figured that out a while ago. “It’s okay.” He wouldn’t share how disturbingly hot her virginity was to him. 
She let out a huge yawn just then and he remembered the last time either of them had slept was a couple hours in the van passing from Nash to Knox. He took her hand that was still settled on his beard and kissed her knuckles. Since that nap she’d helped them unload the van and set up for tonight. She’d stood and swayed the entire three hours they’d played. And then she’d even helped them tear down. And now all this crap with Noah. The puking incident. All on top of the work she was surely putting in for her actual job as observer. Her last twenty-four hours had been a mental, physical and emotional drain and yet here she was, still hanging in there with him.
“I’m not that great at this, but I want to try something out,” he said softly into her hand. “Can you roll onto your other side please?”
He thought he felt a tremble roll through her arms so he rubbed them, assuming she was nervous. Once she was facing away from him, he spooned up behind her and pulled the hair back from her ear so she could hear.
“Luke, talk me through this please.”
Fuck. She thought he was trying to have sex with her. He wanted to but it would be wrong. But she was willing, after everything. Sarrie was too special a girl to let go and too good to keep. 
“Shh, just relax and listen.”
“Okay.”
He let one arm fall over her and found her hand to lace his fingers with. Then he pulled her in closer to his chest so he wouldn’t have to do this very loudly. There was a reason Erby was their singer. Her back arched away but then he felt her fall back into him. “There you go, just relax.”
She nodded and found his chin with the back of her head. He’d bet she wanted to feel his beard so he nuzzled her silky hair with his whiskers. She sighed and nudged him back.
“Soft soft heart, love falls apart, soft soft lips, mine not his, spell it out in the sand, I am just a simple man. Soft soft heart, fly away come back.” He sang the ballad Oscar had written years ago for Marissa quietly in her ear over and over until her fingers loosened and her soft snores assured him she’d fallen asleep. He kissed the back of her head and carefully pulled away so as not to snag the long shiny strands. Luke then scooted until he was able to sit at the end of the bed, with Sarrie and Noah still sleeping on either side of him. He slipped his bare feet into his boots and found his phone then stepped inside the bathroom and closed the door.
He dialed his brother, needing to talk this time, and Oscar answered on the first ring even though it was 3:30 in the morning.
“Hey man, how’s No-No?” The gruff and gravel of Oscar’s voice reminded Luke of his own. 
Luke found Sarrie’s shower towel hanging on the back of the door and rested his head against it, inhaling. “Still passed out ‘til Sunday, man. But breathing, little prick.” Definitely getting more sleep than Luke.
“How about Sarrie?”
“She’s asleep.” He didn’t want to say anything else when it came to her, not after O’s protection campaign during their texting session. 
“Alone?”
“For now.”
Luke was sure Oscar heard him clearly when he changed subjects. “Erby grabbed her bag, by the way,” said O.
“Oh, thanks. So hey, you want us at your hotel at seven?”
Oscar was quiet on the other end for a second and Luke took the opportunity to steal another deep breath from Sarrie’s towel.
“It’s practically four a.m. You slept yet?” O asked.
“Nah.”
“Get your skinny ass to bed. We’ll come to you at ten; you’re closer to the freeway out of here. I love you, little bro.”
Always one to stick to schedule, Oscar had bent to give Luke a few extra hours and Luke was greatly appreciative. 
“Yeah man, I love you too. And thanks.” 
Luke took a seat on the toilet lid and re-ran Oscar’s subtleties. He had a knack for pointing stuff out without saying much.
Luke cracked the door open and used the bathroom’s light to stare a few minutes at the bed, thinking. 
The smell of the room could almost pass for pleasant now. He was sure it was from Sarrie’s shower and her scent in general.
Noah had been asleep so long without puking that he seemed like any other young man who’d worked late and was now snoozing until dawn cracked.
Sarrie. He was about to lose her. He could feel it. Man, he had it bad for her.
Seeing her sleeping there, curled up on her side and drowning in his clothes, made it all worth it. If nothing else, he’d given her the gift of sleep instead of taking advantage when he could have easily gotten away with it. He knew he’d affected her tonight. 
He flicked the light off and walked back over to the bed, ignoring the crispy parts of the carpet where it had been burned by cigarettes. He climbed back into the slot between his baby brother and his friend, then snuggled up to his friend. “Soft soft heart, I’m a simple man,” he hummed, his eyes closed. I should have kissed her. She needed that. She deserved something that would make her feel good.
On those thoughts, Luke buried his face in her hair, kissing the back of her head and gently rubbing her arms until he fell asleep, warm and for the moment, happy.
Chapter Seven

Sarrie had never woken up in anyone’s arms before so she wasn’t prepared for the blanket of warmth cocooning her back or the bicep acting as a second pillow under her head. She had no idea what to think of the hand tucked in the waistband of her, his, pants, resting so low on her belly. She instinctively sucked in a breath, tightening her stomach muscles.
“Hey.” Luke’s lips moved at the back of her head.
Her body jolted at his voice. “Oh my God, you scared me. I thought you were asleep.”
“Sorry,” he said sleepily and pulled her back to him where she’d been a second ago. “Your phone’s ringing.”
“Wha?” But yep, just as he’d said, her ringtone sounded. 
“I put it on the night stand for you.”
“Thanks,” she whispered, feeling cared for beyond belief.
Not wanting to lose his heat, she stayed in bed and fumbled her hand around on the nightstand until she found her phone and answered the call.
“Oh, hey Ben. Is everything okay? What time is it?” Pivoting back to check for light showing through the curtain slits, she felt Luke move with her and then once she saw it was still dark out, he rolled her forward again and wrapped a heavy thigh over top of hers. For a second she wondered if she should scoot away but being claimed and comforted in this unknown way felt too good to shun. She adjusted her hips to fit beneath his heavy thigh which got her another kiss at the back of her head. A deep exhale she tried desperately to keep calm and even left her lungs.
“Four thirty.”
That was damn early. Suddenly her instincts flared to life. “Is my dad okay?”
“Yeah, we had breakfast together yesterday. He nearly killed Hazel jogging. Hey, I wanted to catch you early because Vance moved his D.C. flight to this morning. He’ll be in Arlington tonight. Thought you should know. So, uh, how are things going? Are you keeping to yourself? You need Big Ben to straighten anyone out?”
“Ben, I love you. Everyone’s been very nice.”
“You told them who you were and what you were up to, didn’t you?”
“Yes, silly. Hey, thanks for the heads up. Everything’s fine. Everyone’s been very nice to me.”
Still harnessed by his thigh, Luke’s hand slid up her rib cage and then drifted back down below her belly button. Her body’s insane reaction was to arch her back. Luke whispered into her ear just behind her phone, “Be careful, sweetheart.” 
“Sarrie Lynne Walker. Who was that? Mini-me? Who was that?” Ben whisper-shouted in her ear.
“Shh. I have to go. Thank you for warning me.”
“Sarrie, just promise me you’ll think about what you’re doing. Be careful.”
“Pinky swear.”
She ended her call and felt Luke pulling her even closer.
“I thought you just told me to be careful about that,” she whispered, staring straight ahead in the direction of the room’s bathroom door while her body rippled with new sensations.
She wished she could see his chuckle she felt just now in her hair but the room was midnight dark. The sun wouldn’t be up for a couple more hours. Still, rubbing against his chest had her squirming and she needed to change something up. Anything. She rolled in his protesting arms and thigh until she faced him.
“Everything okay? Your dad all right?” he asked.
“He’s fine. My cousin was just calling to say Mr. Keller will be in Virginia early.”
“Your cousin?”
“Ben, he’s the…”
“Sin Pointe webmaster. Yeah, I know Ben. He’s a good guy.” Luke’s fingers found her mouth and rested near the corners. 
She smiled, feeling better that she and Luke had some kind of connection, no matter how remote. 
“What do I owe that pretty smile to?” he asked, fingering her cheeks.
“Ben said the same thing about you when he found out I got this assignment.”
Their noses bumped. 
Before she could say anything else, his beard brushed against her bottom lip. 
“You like that.”
“Yes,” she barely got out.
Darkness pulled her into the moment she’d been secretly wishing for all night. 
He reached his hands up and moved them to each side of her face. Then he rubbed his beard at her cheek, and then his chin scraped along her neck. Her pulse hammered and her breath hitched, not knowing where his touch would show up in the dark. The not-knowing was sweet torture. She shivered like ice cubes had been snuck down her shirt. 
“Shh, still like it?”
“Yes.”
He let go of the one side of her face to find her hand and placed it on his whiskered cheek. A moan escaped his lips. “You touch me like that and I feel like a king.”
She licked her lips at the power in her fingertips. “I like all the parts of you with all the different kinds of hairs.”
“I know.”
“Luke, after Ben’s call, there’s something I need you to know.” Sarrie blinked hard and felt her molars grind, bringing her senses back from this overwhelming moment that had to end before it went any further.
****
He knew what she was going to say but he wanted to let her say it. 
“Go ahead, I’m listening.”
She took a second to compose herself with a deep wash of breath. “I’m going to tell Mr. Keller that you guys need time to get Noah healthy. But that he shouldn’t write you off. He should give you the time you need. You’re an amazing band; I’ve seen that. I’m sorry.”
“I understand.”
“There’s more. As much as I truly am happy to have been here with you tonight, I really shouldn’t be in this bed. With you. And Noah. Clearly I’ve let my professional judgment slip.”
She scooted like she was ready to get up and leave, to where he had no idea. But she was primed to go.
There was absolutely nothing holding him back now.
“Come here. Maybe I can change your mind.”
****
Change her mind? What had he just said? She shook her head to clear the fog. Change her mind about what? She refused to believe he would use their connection after tonight to sway her decision about Noah and Lonerby. But this was Luke’s life’s work. It was how he and his brothers supported themselves and their families. She saw her dad and where he’d have been if she hadn’t gotten this job and had the money to sustain them and she saw how it didn’t sound so crazy after all. Could she blame him if that was what this was all about? Would she have done the same thing for her dad? 
Luke reached out and took her hand in his, pulling her back to him on the bed. She might never have been with a man, but even Sarrie could feel this was more than friendly. 
“You’ve been looking at this all night, killing me by the way,” he said in his quiet Southern drawl. 
He tugged her forward and even if she’d been in her right mind, she’d have followed. The tender place he led her hand to was his chest. Her fingers betrayed her decision to get out of the bed and tethered her there where she touched him barely enough to feel the oh-so-soft hairs tickling her fingertips. Her body shivered.
“I’m not going to break, Sarrie. Touch me. Here.” 
Luke pressed his fingers to the backs of hers, not letting go until she made indentations in his skin. He was warm and hard and soft, an incredible mixture that fascinated and embarrassed her. He shrugged out of his cardigan and sat there in his boxers, granting her full access. 
She could have put up her hands to say no just then. Come to her senses and reminded him that she had a job to do and he had a sick brother passed out on the bed with them. But she put her hands up with the sole intention of indulging.
Maybe she didn’t care why he’d said he wanted to change her mind. The fact was she’d made her decision. On both accounts. It was gonna be a no to Lonerby. To Luke Willoughby? 
“Yes,” she whispered.
****
Luke hadn’t asked Sarrie a question because he was too inebriated by her feather light touch to think right now. But he’d take that yes as the answer to changing her mind about staying with him.. He would just have to deal with the fact that she was going to tell Vance they didn’t belong on tour right now. But thank God she felt what was happening in this room between them. She had said yes to this moment with him. Her petting told him she’d changed her mind about keeping her distance and that’s all he cared about.
He felt her hands tense up and she pulled away, fingers and all. 
“Just, I need to know why you’re doing this, Luke.”
He wouldn’t lie to her. Somehow he knew that would be a deal-breaker. 
“There’s a fine line between want and need, Sarrie. But I’m drowning in both when it comes to you.” His eyes shifted down, unsure why he’d slipped into his songwriting mind for that second. But it felt right to him. She felt right. Even with the crap she had to follow through with. Something about her dedication to doing what was right eased parts of him he hadn’t felt at peace with in years. 
“Come here, lay back down with me. You felt so good in my arms,” he whispered to her. “I could get lost.”
“Lost where?” she asked. Her response sounded hazy.
He looked at her, then traced her lips until she smiled.
“Oh.” Her lips fell open, making his mouth water. “Luke, when I said I’d never done this before, I meant ever. With anyone.”
“I know and it’s okay. Would you like my touching you? My kissing?” he asked, blanketing her nose and cheekbones with the beard she liked.
She nodded yes.
“I’d like yours too,” he said.
He guided her hand from his chest down to his stomach and then after a long stare, to his nest of hairs, remembering how much she liked his hairs.
“Sarrie, you want to get lost with me?”
“Your touch does something to me.”
“Something bad?” He cupped her mound over her panties with his other hand and rubbed deep and warm.
She moaned soft and light. “No, something very good.”
“Then let me be good to you.”
“It’s going to make things awkward between us,” she said and he heard her warning.
“Then let’s make it worth it,” he said. “Come.” Luke knew now what was going to start in the next seconds and last for the last couple hours they had here together. He would give her what he could. He bundled her in their blanket, grabbed their one pillow, and scooted her into the bathroom where he closed and locked the door.

Chapter Eight

The bathroom light shined dimly, missing a bulb. The tiles of the walls must be harboring the cold. Sarrie was hot all over.
Luke’s movements were slow but Sarrie could feel the power behind his hands. 
“May I have that please?” he asked her with very little marking his face in the way of nerves, worries or apprehensions. She swallowed hers down and handed him the blanket he’d wrapped her in. She clutched the pillow to her body when it nearly fell to the ground. Finally she saw something recognizable when his eyes, tired and worn, asked her to trust him. Something about that did it for her. “Thank you,” he said, and began to lay the blanket in the bathtub. “On second thought,” he held the bottom corner of his lip under two teeth. And then he came and stood facing her and wrapped the blanket behind her back, using it to pull her closer to him. 
“Are we okay?” he asked, inches from her face.
“Yes,” she managed to get out.
He smiled and leaned in, not just with his face but with every part of him, sharing what was warm with her, what was soft and what was hard. “Where were we?”
Sarrie started to answer but quickly realized he wasn’t after words. He took her two hands that had been hanging at her sides, hiding in the blanket, and kissed them. Still, she stuttered out, “I was…these were here.” She laid them on his chest and felt him shudder under her touch. 
“And I wanted to be here.” 
She wasn’t sure where or what he meant but lost the confusion when his hand cupped the back of her head. She watched him pull his lips in a second before she felt them touch so softly against hers. The old light bulb flickered and the blanket fell from her back but she didn’t bother with it. Warm mint heat bathed her chin and her nose while his lips moved against hers. Just like his touch, his kiss was soft and powerful as he placed it, came away, placed another and came away several more times. “And here,” he said. This time when his lips met with hers, he pushed them in harder, using the tip of his tongue to wet and warm her mouth. She was ready for it but lost, just like he’d said. Now she understood why. 
At the same time she opened her mouth to breathe, his tongue found hers. The sliding slick warmth and the way he pushed and played inside her caused a sensation to break out across her body, tightening some of her muscles and leaving the rest limp and at his mercy. All were flashing like never before with heat and an achy need. In her new abandon, she sucked in on his tongue which caused him to make a noise that startled her. Had he growled? 
Whatever it was, he also pulled away from their kiss in the next second. 
“Did I do something wrong?” she asked. His eyes fixed on her. 
“No,” he said. “That was so sexy.” His hand cupped her cheek. Then he pulled the blanket back up over her shoulders and tried tucking it all kinds of ways which didn’t work. 
“I don’t care about that, Luke.”
“But I do.”
“I’m not cold anymore.” 
“I know,” he nearly chuckled, the sound that had taken to warming her insides. “I’m just trying to protect you from this place.”
She appreciated the way he continued to think about her in that way but his kiss had turned her into a beggar. One taste and she’d trade everything she had for one more. Wait, was he changing his mind? The hesitancy was there in his voice and even heavier in his actions. If it had been her, she’d never have been able to pull out from that kiss. Or did his pledge to protect her while they were here mean there was more? God, she hated being so naïve when it came to this. The one place in her life where that word rang true. 
“Luke, you have to be very literal with me. I’m sorry, it’s embarrassing.”
She didn’t have a moment to question whether that had clued him in or turned him off. 
“Open your mouth for me.”
She did.
He grabbed her face with both hands on both sides and kissed her so determinedly she had no choice but to take her breaths inside his mouth. At some point, one of his hands fell from her face and slid inside her pants. His very loose pants that she’d barely been able to keep up on her hips since he’d gifted her with them. She thought maybe he was trying to undo them when she felt him squeeze her butt. With that one arm and a ton of ease, he edged her up so that she sat on the very edge of the bathroom sink counter. She held him between her thighs, feeling powerful and yes, sexy. 
“You’re so hot.”
She knew she wasn’t pretty. Not like so many of the women who’d stacked themselves in a torrent of rows to watch him play. “You don’t have to say that. I know I’m not.”
“You have no idea.” And then he took one of her hands in his and skimmed it under her shirt, up her ribs, over her bra and down her belly. Her skin was on fire. But she felt so good, she knew it wasn’t from some illness. He made her like this. “You’re hot and beautiful,” he said then guided their joined hands down the front of their pants and held them there. His head dipped to nuzzle his beard against her neck and the space of skin not covered by his V neck. “Keep your hand here, please.”
She wasn’t sure why he’d asked her that until she felt his hand leave her. He lifted the V-neck shirt over her head and then kissed her collarbone. “Can I take this off?” His finger brushed over the left cup of her bra. The thought hadn’t occurred to her what he’d think about her no-frills undergarments with the thick, plain white material. He didn’t seem to care much about it. He skimmed his finger up the strap, touching her skin as he did. It was then that she felt her nipples tingle and change. Like she was cold except she was so warm like he’d said. 
“Yes,” she barely got out. 
He chuckled then laid his lips on her shoulder as he reached around her back and unclasped her bra. When she fell free of its hold and no longer felt it anywhere about her, a rush of his breath worked to calm her. The feeling overwhelmed her. She let him cup her breasts, enjoying the feel of attention and affection from his masterful hands and then took his face in her hands and kissed him. 
This time she knew the sound. He’d just growled again. 
As they kissed, his hands felt like they’d been laced with electricity, rubbing her breasts, her sides, her belly and her hips. He gripped her tightly at her hipbones and squeezed. And then she felt the effects on his body. Luke reached behind and pulled her forward by the butt so he could rub against her. Seeing him hard for her earlier was nothing compared to feeling it now. Slowly, he pressed himself into the space carved out between her thighs. “I need you, Sarrie.”
It meant more than sex when he said it. She knew that. Her heart broke and soared, knowing there was no fair choice when it came to him. It was a lesson she’d learned long ago. Life wasn’t fair. But she was tired of accepting it day after day, night after night. Tonight, this morning, whatever it was…would be different. 
Instinctively, she let her hand wander until it found him. His breath caught and she rubbed all along his length, making him moan. “Like this?”
****
“Shit, yes, like that.” Luke felt himself fall. His forehead landed on her shoulder and he held himself dead still, refusing to give in and thrust while she held him. “I’m sorry. I just wasn’t expecting.” All he wanted was to give and take with her. Intoxicating concepts like mutual and exclusive erupted inside him as she stroked and he forgot where he was and his lack of sleep. 
Although Luke was riding hard on a guaranteed road to orgasm, he wouldn’t do that to Sarrie. He hadn’t even taken his boxers off. That reminded him she was still in his pants. 
Fuck, he didn’t want this to end but in her sweet exploration—he realized the differences of their lives. He was at least out living his dream. Sarrie had probably never spent a day away from her dad. Luke’s cheeks ballooned as he held a gulp of air in and then let it die and his cheeks deflated. “Sarrie, sweetheart, stop.” And then he remembered that he needed to leave no room for her misinterpretation. He felt her hand fall away from him and he could cry at the loss. “You feel so good, what you’re doing. Too good. I almost came in my boxers.” He prayed his words weren’t too much but said enough.
“Okay,” she said. He heard her swallow and he kissed her once. “Is there something else you like?”
“Yes. You.” He laid a line of kisses along her collarbone. “Hold onto my shoulders for a second. Go ahead, grab on.”
She did. Luke’s body remained hot and rigid but he thought about each touch to make sure it was soft for her. With his mouth now suckling her neck and her arms wrapped around his, , he lifted her butt up off the sink counter and slid his pants down past her hips. They fell easily to the floor. Once they did, she wrapped her legs around his waist until he sat her back down. 
“Hey sweetheart. I want to see what’s in here.” 
Luke ran his finger along the inside of her panty’s waistband, paused and then dipped his hand inside, cupping a soft hot mound of hairs and slick skin. He could feel her body clench and her breath catch. She scooted into his touch. Knowing she was okay, he took one of her hands, led it to his mouth for a kiss and then placed it back around his neck. He then wrapped his left arm behind her and tugged her to him in a tight hug so that their bodies melded together. “Hold me,” he whispered into her ear. Luke hoped this wouldn’t be painful for Sarrie. And while the thought of laying the blanket back in the tub and pushing himself deep inside her for the next two hours had been his original plan, he knew she wouldn’t want her first time to be in this dirty motel room.
He thought about any future daughter he might have. Luke didn’t know Sarrie’s dad, but was pretty damn sure no man wanted their daughter’s first time happening in a shithole like this. It was why he had her up on this counter, where she was a sliver safer. Up here he would give her a first taste of sexual pleasure but he wouldn’t ruin her.
“Luke, is everything okay?” she asked.
“Yeah sweetheart, just hold onto me.”
“Okay.”
He cupped her mound one last time and then spread her folds open and rubbed the moisture up and down, coating his fingers. “You’re gonna feel me inside you, sweetheart,” he whispered, then slid two fingers inside her. The gasp she let out crawled through his senses, making his heart warm but his body all the harder. The feel of this woman melting in his hand was sublime. She pushed forward in his grasp and he wanted to bathe her in encouragement. 
“Luke? I feel so achy,” she said through another gasp. He could feel her mouth moving against his shoulder while she spoke.
“That’s good, sweetheart. It felt so good when you rocked against my hand. Don’t be shy. Do what feels right. I want to feel you get off.” He hoped his words weren’t too crude.
Her arms clung to his shoulders and neck and she swung her hips forward. Luke braced his wrist so he wouldn’t push away and stayed there with her. He was sweating and began to swirl his fingers inside her and rub around the outside of her opening to find the spot he knew would bring her insane amounts of pleasure. 
“Oh Luke. How are you doing that?” 
Shit. He’d assumed she’d have at least found time lying in bed at night to explore her own body. It rammed home how precious she was and how horrible he was to have her here. But he couldn’t make that matter more than being with her. Touching her. Caring for her. “That’s your sweet clit. It’s one of the most sensitive spots on your body. Yours likes my touch a lot.” He gave it a nice long rub with just the right amount of pleasure that made her let out a small cry. “That’s why it’s so swollen, sweetheart.” He dipped his thumb lower in her opening to gather more of her juices and then returned to his sinful but sweet rubbing. His thumb slid fast and easy over her swollen tender nub. 
“Luke, it’s driving me crazy.”
“I know, sweetheart. You like that tickle building up?” God, he wanted to suckle her wet clit right now and plunge his tongue deep inside her like he had with her mouth earlier. But she was too close. If this wasn’t their first time, he’d have happily tormented her with more drawn out play but to do that now would be mean. He knew how good the tingling feeling felt building up inside her right now. 
“Yes,” she said. But that was all she was apparently able to get out.
He kept his thumb circling her clit and ventured to add a third finger inside. When he did she hugged and squeezed him so hard his body overruled rationalization and restraint. Luke found his hips grinding into what should have been her hips but with her sitting on the sink it felt more like the counter. He pressed her harder from behind, wanting to prove he was there in the moment with her, wanting her safe yet satisfied. His ass cheeks squeezed with the strain of trying to control his cock. Her mouth and its sweet smile and even sweeter tongue. That’s the distraction he needed. “Sarrie, I want your tongue on my skin.”
She took a second to obey but as soon as she licked his ear lobe, he lost it and jammed his fourth finger inside her. She cried out, loud because she was so close to his ear, and he immediately came back to his senses.
“God Sarrie, I’m so sorry.”
Her answer was another cry but this one he knew to be for pleasure and not pain. “Not hurt. Please don’t stop.”
Those words broke him. Without thought, Luke pulled out of their embrace and gently pushed her back against the mirror.
“Luke?” she panted in the dark, her hips rising and falling in waves.
“I’m here.” Not a second later, he got down on his knees, scooted her butt forward to the edge of the counter and found the pulsing nub with the tip of his tongue. Fuck she tasted good but it was the quiver when his tongue met her skin that made him happiest. 
Her hands found his hair as he lapped up her juices and then he sucked hard. If he could have talked her through it, he would have. But there were no words. Her hips rose and fell faster until he felt the tiny explosion in his mouth as she came. Slowly her rocking eased and he stood up then pulled her limp body into his arms. Her head conked down on his shoulder and he understood. That kind of insane pleasure took its toll on a body. Her body and what she was going through, he understood. But there was no way he could know what was on her mind. 
****
Sarrie sat there clinging to Luke’s broad shoulders, the ones she’d admired from the start. The start, which for her had been three short days ago. There was too much on her mind and no way to sort through it all right now. Neither did she want to. 
Luke’s whiskers tickled her shoulder. He was chuckling to himself unless she’d missed some joke. 
“Looks like I changed your mind, sweetheart. Thank you for being such a sweet lover to me and letting me have that part of you.”
So that’s what he’d meant. Convinced her to stay the night with him. Not to change what she’d soon be telling Mr. Keller. 
Luke’s lips now made rounds about her face, circling from chin to forehead and dotting eyelids and her nose. She loved it. Until he said the very thing she hadn’t allowed herself to think all night.
“I can’t believe I have to give you up tomorrow.”
She shouldn’t have expected him to have plans to keep her. The sincerity of the night, the things he’d said to her and the gentle way he’d been with her, that had all been real. But it had been for this one night only. She sniffed to ensure no ridiculous emotions or hurt feelings escaped her face. 
“Sarrie? You okay?”
“Yeah. Thank you for tonight, Luke. I’ll never forget it.” 
It was true. Maybe it was best he didn’t say anything back. Feeling his forehead crash down onto her shoulder was enough.
Chapter Nine

The next morning, Luke did a quick sweep of the room for Noah’s belongings and then hefted his brother up off the bed and against his own body. Sarrie got the door and then helped him drag his brother to the van. It was nine-forty-five. Oscar and Erby waited outside. Awkward didn’t even begin to explain things. Their night tormented him. The small talk between him and Sarrie since they’d woken up, cuddled on their half of the bed, hurt worse.
“Careful not to step on Ralph,” she said. 
“Ralph?”
“Our roach friend,” she said and flashed him a smile that would have devastated him had it been real. 
Damn, this girl had a whole ’nother side to her. Either sleep deprivation had settled in or she wasn’t just feeling awkward, she was pulling away, shutting down on him. 
“Ladies first,” he said and held out his arm, ushering her in first. She didn’t climb in like he’d expected.
“Luke, maybe it’s a good idea for me to finally put this card to use and get myself a rental car.” She spoke to him but didn’t look at him.
Fuck. This was not good and not how he wanted to part ways. But what could he say? Oscar, Erby and Noah avoided making eyes at him too. But he knew they could hear and knew they were waiting.
He ignored the blankness on her face and took her hand in his, leading her to the back of the van. He put a foot up on the back bumper.
“Sarrie, I don’t want it to be like this between us. Last night was incredible.”
She looked away and then brought back a determined looking stare. “I agree. But we have to be realistic.”
“In my reality, you riding with me, spending as much time as possible makes the most sense.”
“Not if what we did this morning is written all over my face, Luke.”
Was she ashamed of what they’d done?
“None of these guys is gonna care about what we did.”
“It’s not them I’m worried about.”
“Vance?”
She nodded. “I need this job, Luke. Not just for me, but for my dad.”
Now he nodded. “I understand. I do, sweetheart.” He did. “I’d still feel better if you rode to Arlington with me.” Then they could say their temporary goodbye and he could let her go to do what she must. No way did he want to part ways permanently, and certainly not right now. The thought of not knowing where she was or if she’d make it to Virginia safely on the roads alone twisted his gut. He’d fallen a few times for her last night. His heart had never felt so much warmth for a woman. He waited, his hopes falling the longer she couldn’t seem to meet his eyes. Sadly, he felt lost. Like he’d ruined everything he’d needed to go right. Fuck, he’d screwed up. Should have waited. Should have respected her body more. Should have been able to separate his feelings from what she’d told him point blank what she had to do.
****
Sarrie’s heart had never beat with this strong a thud. The pain of denying him was sharp and loud in her ears. He just didn’t understand. To Luke, this was one of those “let’s play it by ear” moments. She could tell. It was just his sweet heart, ruling his decisions. Like the way he was with Noah. As much as she wanted to grab his hand and try for something more, now wasn’t the time. She had to focus on preparing for her meeting with Mr. Keller and that just wouldn’t be possible around Luke. Sarrie had to be the one to make the tough decision right now. Unfortunately, that was going to have to be a goodbye. 
“Luke, if what we shared last night meant something real, you’re going to have to trust me right now. I need to do this part on my own.”
His nostrils flared slightly and he blinked. “I want to know you’re safe.”
“I promise I’ll call you. Look, I don’t want your band to have any more reason to hate me.”
“They don’t. They won’t.”
“You need to go. I’ll call a cab to the closest rental place.”
She saw him glance around and followed his gaze. Busted, sharp beer bottles littered the parking lot. The grime of the inside of the room matched the dirt on the outside and a group of men stood around a work truck. 
“I’m going to beg you to please let me drive you to a rental place. Sarrie, I do understand what you’re saying. Please don’t make me leave you here.”
“Okay.” She climbed in, all the way to the back of the van. Luke climbed in and sat beside her. He squeezed her hand all the way to the rental agency. 
Outside as they said their goodbyes, Luke hugged her close and whispered into her ear. 
“So will I see you at Arlington tomorrow night?”
“I’m just not sure if that’s a good idea, Luke.” She was sure her facial expressions had changed now that they’d shared in each other and was terrified Mr. Keller would know. That everyone would know what she’d done. Unless she mastered control over these new feelings in the next twenty-four hours… “I’ll try.” It was all she could say. 
He nodded and his chin dug into the side of her head. She hated parting ways like this. “Hey, good luck. I mean that,” he said. 
“I know. You too.”
Luke pulled away, kissed her cheek, and then climbed into the van.
As Oscar drove them away, she could see Luke staring after her until they were too far to be seen. A tear managed its way down her cheek for what she’d done and what she must do.

Chapter Ten

Two nights later…

It had taken her a good hour to make it to the bed because she’d tiptoed dumbfounded around her deluxe guest room, staring, petting, and admiring the fineries. She didn’t know the fancy word for the curtains’ shade of green, but to Sarrie it looked like split pea soup, although the most beautiful she’d ever seen. Small gold tassels tipped the edges of the thick drapes and when she placed what they reminded her of, it made her smile: the headdress she’d once seen on a circus elephant the year dad had taken her and Mark. 
Sarrie sucked in a deep breath, so fresh and pleasant but she still couldn’t find a fitting enough way to describe it. It had to be like new car smell but for hotel rooms. Five star hotel rooms, she reminded herself, and stared at the perfectly made, gigantic bed that had been calling to her. She hadn’t wanted to disturb its perfection, but she was tired. It had been a draining past couple of days, and she’d just come from her meeting with Mr. Keller.
The middle of the pristine white covers called to her but her heart was too broken to enjoy them. She tugged on what she thought was a folded comforter to take it with her to the chair fit for a king but it turned out to be just a decorative slip. Oh well, it was still long enough to wrap up in. She did that and then flopped down on the chair then kicked her feet up over the matching gold and green quilted footrest. 
Hard as she tried, she just couldn’t get the troubling words out of her head. Over and over, her verdict against Luke and his brothers and Erby played out.
Mr. Keller, What I’ve learned these past few days is that Lonerby are a fine and talented band. One who the crowds welcomed and enjoyed. I think they’re the perfect band to open up for Sin Pointe. I hope that someday you and FMG will consider giving them another shot. But right now, in my humble opinion, is not that time.
It was always at that part of the recollection when Luke’s warm hands, skin, arms, and lips all ripped through her. His touch that had given her the first bits of passion and pleasure she’d ever had reminded her of what he’d done for her that night, knowing but not caring what she would tell the boss. She couldn’t think of a better example of selflessness.
She also couldn’t help but think of what she’d lost by telling the truth.
Tough love, she thought. It hurt. Her only hope was that it wouldn’t be in vain. That Noah could get healthy and that Mr. Keller would hold true to the promise he’d made her to consider Lonerby again in the future. 
Her head pounded as she laid it back against the plump perfection that was the chair back. She checked the clock, having to look closely because it wasn’t one of the digital read out kinds she was used to. This one had short and long hands and she was embarrassed that she needed a second to calculate their positions. Eleven twenty. It was late. She closed her eyes and considered again how nice it would have been to have had more time with Luke Willoughby. 
She missed him. Her heart hurt. 
****
Luke’s love for Ben Wright couldn’t be measured at the moment. After having tracked the webmaster’s number down, it had been easier than he’d thought to get Sarrie’s room number from him. Luke stood in front of her door right now, protecting a single flower behind his back, readying himself to knock. He checked his phone for the time. She could be asleep in there it was so late. His forehead fell against the door. He waited. 
Would she want to see him?
Did she need to see him the way he needed to see her? 
Only one way to find out, he supposed. He rapped the back of his knuckles against the door and counted the pinstripes in the surrounding wallpaper as he waited.
Ready to knock again, he heard a clunk against the door. He took a step back so she could see him clearly through the peephole, keeping the flower behind his back.
Luke added counting his breaths to the tally of pinstripes, losing count several times and starting fresh until finally, she opened the door.
God, he knew hello should come out of his mouth but all he wanted was to hug the hell out of her.
“Hey, can I come in?” he asked. 
Her eyes shone—he hoped with excitement. “What are you hiding from me?” she asked without a hello for him. 
“What? Nothing.” Perplexed, he felt accused of some lie he hadn’t told. 
She grinned, and peeked around his back. “Back there, that’s not for me?”
“Oh,” he laughed it off. “Sorry, this is most definitely for you.”
She took the rose, thank God, and then invited him in, although she looked weary about doing it. Were tears to blame for the shine he saw in her eyes? Luke knew she’d given her report to Vance because they’d spoken on the phone. It was part of the reason he had gone maniacal hunting down Ben to get Sarrie’s location. Luke had to tell her it was okay, that he understood. That it didn’t change how he felt about her.
“Nice room,” he said looking inside from the doorway. 
A gorgeous smile took up her face. “Yeah, I’m still getting used to it. It’s got nothing on Ralph’s though.”
He’d take her nervous small talk and cherish it for the gold it was. The forty-eight hours without her had been miserable. If she’d been at the Arlington show, he hadn’t seen her. He’d played like shit, unable to stop thinking and worrying about her. He missed the calm she’d brought him. Luke wiped his hands on his pants and hiked his cardigan sleeves up to his elbows. He stood in the entryway to her room, waiting.
“I’m sorry, come in.”
“Thanks,” he said, trying not to stare holes through her pajamas. The awkward feeling sucked and he wanted it gone. Couldn’t think of any other way to boot it than to just take her in his arms. He didn’t know yet if she’d be receptive to that, though. It was then that he realized he didn’t know if she still had her job. Knowing Sarrie, she might have confessed fooling around with him to Vance as part of her report. “So hey, I talked with Vance today and I wanted you to know that he was very fair.”
Her face brightened at that. “Really?” Her voice high-tailed at the end.
“Yeah, he’s giving us time to get Noah through rehab. Serious time, not a thirty-day stint. Says even if it takes months, they’ll still consider adding us back on the Sin Pointe bill.” He looked down at his pockets where he’d shoved his hands. 
“Oh Luke, that’s good news. Right?” Her brows crinkled and she looked like she was holding her breath the way her chest heaved out for a moment.
“It’s very good news. It’s why I’m here. I wanted to thank you and let you know that I appreciate the way you stood up for Noah. For getting him better.”
She just nodded and looked around the room at the gold carpet. She was barefoot and her feet even looked sexy to him. He could kiss each of her toes. But he had no idea if that was even a possibility for them anymore. Had no idea if she’d come to different terms with what they’d done than he had. His terms of course meant more of her. Then he remembered her job might have been on the line but she asked him to sit first.
“That chair is unbelievably comfortable,” she said pointing to a huge chaise lounge. 
Luke looked back to her bed and found it free of wrinkles or body indentations. “How long have you been enjoying this luxury?” he asked and walked over to her offered chair. 
“This will be my second night. I leave in the morning at checkout.”
“Is that monster as comfy as it looks?” he asked, pointing to the grand bed.
“Oh, I’m sure it is. But that chair you’re sitting in has been my favorite.”
Yeah right, she just hadn’t been sleeping. He could see her staying up all night and watching TV, but more than likely she’d been up worrying.
“Hey, I meant to ask if everything is okay with your job.”
She bit her lip which made him wonder if bad news was coming. “Um, great. Mr. Keller seems to have appreciated my observations and I’m to take the rest of the week off then it’s back to work in the studio office next Monday.” Her brow crinkled again and she finally sat on the edge of her ginormous bed. It was all he could do not to go to her and push her further into its luxury, pinning her with his body. “Luke, I feel horrible knowing my job is safe and…”
“Hey.” He got up out of his chair to stop her with a finger to her lips. “Don’t do that. You had a job to perform and you did it. And the guys and I will be fine.”
“What will you do?” she asked, her frown still the overwhelming expression on her face.
“Can I sit with you?”
“Sure,” she said and scooted back against a stack of pillows three deep. He sat halfway on the bed, facing her.
“Well, Noah is going into rehab. In-patient at first and then out when he’s ready. However long it needs to be. I have to research those.”
She stopped him. “My dad did two months at a really good place when we first got to Nashville. I can give you their number. If you want.”
“I’d really appreciate that. Thanks.” Luke didn’t know how much more casual talk he could stand without touching her, more than the little bit on her lips. He reached for her hand which she let him cover with his. 
“What about you and Oscar? And Erby?” Now her frown and crinkles took on a hopeful look. 
“Ah, we’ll be fine. Probably play all the local gigs…”
“Without Noah?”
“Yeah, we can find a buddy to fill in. It’s not so horrible when you think about it. I mean we’ve been through worse. Oscar and I are pretty good house painters if it comes to that. Erby, you don’t have to worry about her. She’s gonna shine no matter what.”
“It sounds like you have a plan.”
“I do.” He cleared his throat. If she agreed to the next part of his plan, his heart might explode. “So I had some time to think the last two days.” Luke couldn’t take his eyes off hers and watched her to gauge her true feelings. So far she seemed relaxed, just a little tired. He rubbed his hand up her arm and scooted closer on the bed. “Sarrie, I don’t know any other way to say this to you, except to be honest. There’s something so special about you. And I’m so afraid I’ve fucked that up. Sorry for my language. But when you were with me those couple days, I was calm inside. I had fun up on stage knowing you were watching me. Having someone as strong as you in my corner, I’ve never had that before. And I want it back. I want you. And also, I still feel so terrible for messing around with you in that nasty motel bathroom. God, I can’t believe I let that happen.”
She just sat there staring. He’d unloaded a lot on her. 
“I don’t regret that night.”
Luke had to chuckle. After all he’d said. “I don’t regret it entirely.”
“Hey, I offered to get us a nicer room.”
“You did do that.”
“But if our situations were reversed, I wouldn’t have wanted to use FMG money either. I understand why you said no, Luke. It’s too bad they paid for this room.”
Was that a hint? It felt like a hint. His body definitely agreed. Seconds was all it seemed to take with this girl. Already he’d begun to harden at her words. Idiot, he should probably make sure. “Too bad, why? Aren’t you enjoying it?”
“Yes and no,” she said, then tilted her head to the right just so. It was damn sexy.
“Tell me about the no part,” he answered back and felt the pull to move closer to her. 
“No because I’m here alone. No because I think you’re a proud man, too proud to agree to stay with me. No because it makes no sense.”
“What makes no sense?” he whispered because he was close enough that his lips could tickle her ear.
“Wanting you the way I do.”
“You’re right, that doesn’t make any sense. You’re way too good for me. But if you’re willing, I’d like to pick up where we left off the other night. I care about you so much, Sarrie. I just want to hold you and feel you in my arms again. Foolish pride can kiss my ass.”
She didn’t even have to answer. Sarrie crawled to the middle of the bed and sat down with her legs crossed. Luke let her get settled back into the nest of pillows.
“Luke, are we going to make love?”
“I’d like to very much. Are you ready for that?”
****
Was she ready to be loved by Luke? 
Sarrie nodded. “Yes.” Then realized how the small, barely lit bathroom at Ralph’s and the blanket cape had made her feel protected. In this huge, brilliant room, she felt like she stood out like a sore thumb. “Luke, I’m nervous.”
“Okay nervous and you still want to try with me? Or nervous like I’m rushing you and being an ass?” He said the words and she knew he was just being him. He’d wait for her if she needed him to. There was no question about his character where she was concerned.
“The first. This room is so much bigger.”
“And my brother’s not in bed with us, making me behave.”
At that she couldn’t help but laugh. “Right, that too. Where is Noah, anyway?”
Luke crept up to her and placed a simple kiss on her lips. “He’s on his way back to Nashville with Oscar and Erby.”
He kissed her again, this time harder and longer. Her insides somersaulted.
“They left you here?”
“I told them to. Was feeling hopeful and lucky that this totally hot chick I know would let me shack up with her for the night.” His tongue skimmed along her lower lip. 
She knew a tender shove would make him laugh but all she could do was smile and take in the feel of his tongue wetting her lips. 
“You gonna open up for me, sweetheart?”
Did he mean her mouth or the part of her pulsing and heating up with every little lick and prod between her lips?
“Yes.”
In a move—she had no idea whether it was sexy or amateurish—Sarrie opened her legs, wrapped her arms around the back of his neck, and opened her mouth, letting his tongue inside. 
“Your breath tastes so good,” she breathed into his mouth.
“I try.” 
Sarrie could feel his smile as he continued to kiss her. She had nothing to compare it to but was sure he was an expert with his tongue. The way he gently pushed it in and around and then pulled out giving her a chance to breathe every few seconds. When he sucked her tongue into his mouth and held it there, bringing his hands into the mix on her skin, she worried about the pulsing feeling happening between her legs. She sucked in a breath.
“Everything okay?” he asked, rubbing soft circles over the tops of her shoulders.
“Yeah, um, I just felt something down there.”
He moved his kisses to the side of her face, near her ear, each of his breaths causing her to shiver. “Something like the other night?”
“Yes.” Sarrie turned her head to feel his hair against her cheek. Her fingers made their way to her favorite part of him, his beard.
“That’s good, sweetheart. Means you miss me as much as I miss you.” He kept on with his kisses, now playing a game of cat and mouse between her ear lobe and her jaw. But a second later, without warning, he took her hand from his beard and pulled back. 
“Look at me, Sarrie.”
Her eyes connected with his. The green hazel had never looked so fiery. 
He chuckled. “I meant down here.” His gaze dropped and so did hers. “Contrary to what many people think, that doesn’t happen with just anyone. I want you to know what you do to me. How badly I want to feel your skin sticking to mine.”
The material of his jeans was rough and sturdy, making her swallow. She hadn’t seen that part of him yet. But it looked thick and to be honest, uncomfortable, trapped inside his pants.
“Will you show me?” Sarrie didn’t know what else to do when he paused looking at her, sort of confused. She reached down and cupped him.
“Of course,” he said with a new seriousness in his voice and another shot of tenderness in his eyes. “Would you like to help undo me?” he asked.
He stood, coming off the bed, and she followed until she was sitting in front of him, still seated but on the edge of the bed. Her shaking fingers felt clumsy working the buttons but each one she unsnapped showed her more and more of him. Thick sandy brown curls peeked out and she eyeballed him for boxers. There were none. 
“Everything okay?” he asked.
She nodded but had become frozen.
Luke stopped, leaving his jeans open and clinging so very low to his hips, to undo his cardigan sweater. It dropped to the floor. Next he pulled off his shirt. It was like being treated to one beautiful unknown thing after another. Once he was bare chested, he took her hand and rubbed a slow trail down the center of his chest. She noticed he was standing with his back arched and his legs slightly spread, pushing his hips forward in a sexy pose. Maybe he was trying to keep his pants from falling all the way down. 
“Hey, eyes up here for a second.” He grinned a devilish grin.
Luke then took both her hands and planted them on his warm skin, one over each pectoral muscle, and suctioned them there under his two much larger hands. With the finest amount of pressure he rubbed his chest with her hands, and then trailed them both down his ribs. He then stole one and brought it to his mouth a moment before he pressed into her, raised their joined hands over her head and planted them on the bed. Next she felt his hardness at her leg, over her pajama bottoms. He rubbed into her, pressing harder, causing her clit, as he’d taught her, to pulse. 
“Luke, that feeling.”
“Keep your hands here.”
All she could feel then was his warm hands skim down the front of her body and the tingles in their wake, all over. 
“Keep your hands there but look at me, sweetheart.”
“Okay,” she said, obeying and curious, in awe of him and his sexuality.
Even if she’d thought of needing to blink, she wouldn’t. Not then. She couldn’t have left the sight of what he did next. Luke kept his eyes locked on her as he slid his hand into his jeans, rubbing himself a few times and then bringing his beautiful hard body out of his pants for her to see. The jeans fell easily to the ground after that. She gasped.
He stroked himself again and her mouth did the strangest thing so far. It watered. She swallowed and was sure he saw because his gaze dropped about the same time his mouth fell open, staring at her. “Fuck, hold on, sweetheart,” he said and turned away from her to find his jeans on the floor. He was bent over, and all she could see was a set of nice fuzzy buttocks, muscular and round. She couldn’t help but roll her arms back to her sides and get up on all fours then crawl over to the edge of the bed and wait for him to come back up. She saw him, all that naturally light golden flesh bent over, covered in all the right places with hair, rummaging through his pants pockets. He found his wallet and pulled out a condom. Sarrie’s cheeks warmed immediately but she believed it was due to a rising passion to be with Luke and not to her nerves. Something about seeing him touch himself in front of her with not a shred of embarrassment had eased her own stomach butterflies.
He spun around and from her hunched position at the side of the bed, she almost got a face full of Luke’s hard body, erect and all man. 
“Oh, hi there,” he said. 
She stared up at his eyes and then back down at him. She licked her lips. And swallowed again.
****
Shit, she wanted to taste him. Not in his immediate plans but too fucking hot to resist. 
Luke stroked his hands through her hair, loving that it was thin and smooth enough that whenever he touched it, he could feel the curve of her jaw underneath and not have to worry about tangling or pulling it. He’d never hurt her again. Not like the time he’d jammed too many fingers inside her.
“One guess what’s on my mind right now, sweetheart, with you looking at me like that?”
“I have no idea,” she said, trying to look him in the eyes, he was sure, but failing miserably.
“Your sweet lips around my cock.”
“Can I do that?” she asked.
His cock spasmed the second the sultry words left her mouth. “You’re gonna have to excuse my language, but fuck, you’re so sexy. You can. I’d love for you to. But I might die.”
Her eyes popped large showing too much white.
“A kiss then?” she asked, so cute when her brows pulled together. 
“A kiss would be nice. I’d only die slightly.” God, he loved being so open and playful with her. The honest innocence poured out of her and he wanted to drink it all up because he knew how strong and independent she was behind it.
Slowly, she leaned in until her forehead rested against his pelvis, blocking his view. He decided to close his eyes and just feel. Soft fingers gently touched on the head which made the muscles in his chest compress and then expand, until the fingers eased down to the sides.
“Anywhere?”
“Anywhere, sweetheart.”
He couldn’t just have his arms hanging at his sides anymore; they needed something to do before they snatched her up and ripped off her clothes. As much as he hadn’t wanted to interfere with this first for Sarrie, he had to touch her so he cupped one at the back of her head and used the other to wipe her bangs from her face. When he did that, he could see just the tip of her nose and the edges of her open lips as they came in contact with the head of his cock that now throbbed, too thick to accept any more of the blood racing through his veins. Cool moisture pressed on him again and he heard the tell-tale sound of a smooching type of kiss. Then a trail of whisper light pecks ran down the underside and came back up the side, ending with a French-like kiss and her tongue sliding over his cock’s head again.
He held in the foul language this time, even though a million Oh fucks wouldn’t have begun to make his point. “Sarrie, I have to stop you. Please. You killed me. I’m dead.”
“I know now that you’re being funny, but what does that mean?”
He grabbed both her hands and tugged her up to stand in front of him. “It means…hold on, I’ve wanted to do this ever since I walked in here.” He stopped talking to pull her into a tight hug, one that he made sure she felt. His arms wrapped all the way around her, thin as she was and he held her for a long time, feeling her soft pajamas rub against his bare skin. Then he whispered in her ear, “It means I can’t imagine being this close to anyone else. I don’t want anyone else’s kisses, Sarrie. Just yours. And I need to know if you’re okay with that.”
He came out of their embrace and saw the shine had returned to her eyes.
He’d never seen her cry, and his gut reaction had him scrambling for something to say. “Hey, but I do have one condition first. I can tell you’re thinking really hard about your answer so consider this while you’re at it.”
The sun may have risen in the midnight room when she smiled at that.
He was in awe. 
“You’re the one with a condition now? Oh, and you’re gawking, just so you know,” she said.
Luke nearly said it. Lord knows he thought it loud and clear. I think I love you.
He cleared his throat. “Yes, smarty pants. My condition is that when we get back to Nashville, you agree to go on a date with me.”
She tried to hold her sweet lips together but they eventually pulled open into an even bigger smile. “Agreed. Luke, I’m okay with your feelings too. I can’t imagine letting anyone else in like this.”
He’d tossed the condom onto the bed and left her to retrieve it now.
“Good. Wanna learn how to put one of these on?”
“Yes.”
****
The jitters she’d had earlier…where had they gone? Sarrie tried to casually stretch out her fingers and check but no shakes, no trembles. Her lips stung and her heart beat fast but she now knew that was just her body’s natural reaction to kissing Luke. Even more casually, she bit at the inside corner of her lip to stifle the grin. 
“I won’t ask what that’s about,” Luke said, ducking in to climb her neck with his warm lips. 
She just smiled. And then relished one more moment of gawking at his firm buns as he climbed naked onto the bed, tugging hard to open the pristine, heavy comforters for them. “I almost said come here, but you’re not ready.”
What? Yes, she could finally say she was without a doubt ready. In ungraceful moves, she swung her head around, looking for clues as to what he was talking about.
“Take off your clothes. Please.” His voice was still playful but there was a definite new note of seriousness behind his words. A mere six feet separated them but the distance felt like waves in a huge ocean. 
Sarrie knew this wouldn’t be sexy but she did want to please him and give back. Her skin ran with a sheer layer of thrill bumps. Steady, she inched her pajama bottoms down first. They plopped to the ground in a boring pile of mint green. Luke’s face didn’t give much away, except for focus. She tugged off her top next and dropped it too. 
“That’s good, I’ll do the rest. Come here, sexy.” 
Luke had pulled a layer of white sheet up and over his lap while she undressed. Once she crawled in and snuggled up next to him, he held it up then flung it to the side. In his far hand, he brought the condom over and handed it to her.
“Go ahead, open it up.”
She used her nails to make a tiny tear in the top and pulled out the condom. It was slippery with jelly. “Okay,” she said, unable to keep her head from bowing with uncertainty but then snapped it back up. 
“You might need to get a little bit closer, sweetheart.”
She inched up until her knees rubbed against the side of his hip. He gave her an encouraging yet ultimately hungry look.
“Now put it on the tip and slide it all the way down to the base.”
“It’s not sliding.”
“Upside down.” He bit into his bottom lip and grinned. “You wanna pinch the tip in your fingers so there’s room at the top.”
“Can I ask why?”
Luke reached out and stroked her cheek. “When I come, we want the extra space so it doesn’t fill and spill out into you.” His thumb traced her lower lip. She’d shuddered at we.
She flipped it and it slid down perfectly. Her concentration no longer necessary, Sarrie realized she was rolling a condom down the thick, hot length of Luke. His flesh was so hard and swollen. How amazing was the human body that a man so strong and big would fit inside a woman like her? She felt the familiar pangs of tickling and warmth toying with her sex and tried to casually squeeze her knees together where she kneeled. 
“Good?” she asked, her hand resting at the base of his erection on the soft brown covering of hair.
****
“Very good. You’re so very beautiful, Sarrie.” 
Luke pulled her onto his chest and in seconds had her wrapped in his arms and legs. He knew it probably had her feeling trapped and he knew his thighs severely outweighed hers but this was him staking his claim and he wanted her to know it. He loved kissing her and held nothing back when he pressed his mouth hard to hers. She cooed when he slipped a finger inside her mouth and trailed it down her hot body, then went back to tongue kissing her. He growled each time she sucked his tongue into her sweet mouth. 
She wasn’t going anywhere. She was his.
He’d have liked to have bent her over the bed and made love standing behind her but not this first time. 
He rolled them over so that she fit snugly under him.
“You’re in so much trouble now, sweetheart.”
Her breath caught but she smiled and fixed a heartbreaking stare on him. “Okay,” she got out.
Inch by soft inch, Luke licked and tasted her body, stopping to suck her pretty, perfectly small tits into his mouth. Her back arched and he felt her fingers dig into his hair. She pulled it hard but he didn’t care about the pain. He remembered the first thing she’d been so curious about him and rounded his chin in circles around the peachy flesh of her nipple, scratching her softly with his beard as he went. Both her nipples hardened at what he was doing to the one. While he played and scraped and teased the tender skin of her chest, Luke checked to be sure she was ready to take him into her body. His fingers played at her opening that was indeed soaking wet.
“Luke, I care about you so much. I just wanted you to know that.” She said it so softly. Her words had come out between her gasps that he’d barely heard her, although he was scorched with tenderness to the deepest parts of his bones.
Why wait? Why be stupid and hold his feelings in? “I’ve never been this close to love, sweetheart. I can’t imagine not being around you.” It was the most honest thing he could say. If she gave him the chance, stuck with him from here on out, there was no doubt he’d grow to love her above everything else. He didn’t even want to explore that with anyone else. Only Sarrie.
“I can hear your fingers.”
It was a kind of funny break from their raw, heartfelt moment just now but it was true. “That’s because you’re so damn wet for me, baby. It’s going to make your first time feel so good.”
He lowered himself down over her and immediately her two hands grabbed hold of his shoulders. 
“I have a secret to share with you.”
“What? You have a secret? Miss I cannot tell a lie?” He dipped his head to her collarbone and teased it with his nose, laying kisses and then suckling her neck. 
“I’ve been a fan of your shoulders for a little longer than you realize.”
In between skimming his hands over the parts of her body not covered by his own, he took a moment to hold her hand and look her in the eye. He was curious because…was she saying she’d checked him out before they met? “Spill it,” he said at the same time he brought a knee up to nuzzle her opening. Still wet and warm, ready for him. He couldn’t wait much longer but had to hear this last confession.
“When I got the assignment, I found a photo of the band. I couldn’t stop looking at how you stood there. Your shoulders... I knew you’d be okay with shoulders that strong. I couldn’t admit it then, but I know now I was attracted to you because of that.”
It was the same thing that drew him to her. Luke dreamed of the days ahead when they would be strong for each other. Life would be so much sweeter with her by his side. 
“That’s pretty fucking cute and funny, sweetheart. My little spy.”
Her eyes popped wide. “Not nice,” she said. He was sure she had more to say to him but couldn’t because he’d pressed his cock at her entrance and held her head in his hands. 
One of these days he’d see if she might go on the pill for him. The only thing to make this moment any hotter would be feeling her hot velvet skin on his with nothing between them. But for now, it was about pleasing her and keeping her safe. 
He leaned down and whispered into her ear, remembering she liked him talking her through. “You’re gonna feel my cock push inside you, sweetheart. If it hurts, please tell me. Are you ready?”
“Yes,” she panted out.
Luke closed his eyes. He nudged her knees further apart. Then slowly at first, he felt his head enter her tight hole. She tensed and he felt the squeeze. Unable to go in any further.
“Baby, does it hurt?”
“A little.”
“Breathe with me, in and out.” 
She did but he could still feel her tightness choking the first inch of his cock. The squeeze she had on him made him swell even bigger.
Well, this would be a very memorable first time for the both of them. 
He wiped the hairs that had fallen into her face away and found her staring right at him, her brow crinkled. She was still deep breathing in and out. 
“Sweetheart, you should probably stop that now, you might get light-headed.” He kissed her and then began with his idea. “If you see this girl, afraid to crack a smile, she’s standing at the entrance of the Love Shack. Stay away, she’s a dangerous girl, she’s got her eye on you and she’ll get you in the Love Shack baby.” 
Lying on top of her, Luke felt the rumble of laughter start in her tummy and end with her mouth pressed at the side of his head, trying to mute it, no doubt. “Let it out baby, I love making you laugh and smile.” He felt her leg muscles soften and knew it was the right time to push. He wanted to warn her ahead of time but feared she’d tense back up. His body ready to plunge so deeply inside her, Luke rocked his hips forward and felt himself break through the tightest part of her.
“Fuck, you feel amazing.”
“You’re inside me.”
“I am. Let me stay?” he teased, meaning every word. 
“I think I’d like that.”
Luke pushed in until their hairs rested against each other. He kept his hands at the sides of her head and winced in complete pleasure when her nails dug into the backs of his shoulders. Faster, he had to come inside her. Had to feel himself spurting his cum while her sweet pussy squeezed and pulsed around him.
“Luke, Luke…”
“Yeah baby, come for me.”
All he heard the second before his body released inside her was a long, low cry of her pleasure. “That’s what you sound like when you’re coming for me, sweetheart. God, it’s so beautiful. Better get used to that sound. We still have ten hours until check out time.”
 Her face completely relaxed and now sweaty from their sex, she killed him again with her words. “And at least eight hours on the road back home. I have a pretty sweet rental.” She bit her lips together and grinned. “You in need of a ride, Mr. Willoughby?”
“You know I am, Sarrie.”
His heart swelled. He pounced on her, tickling her and nuzzling his whiskers into the side of her neck until she was kicking and laughing hysterically. He eased up when she begged him for mercy. A flood of warmth told him there was one thing he still owed her. He caressed his hand softly over her cheek. “Thank you.” 
She bowed her head like she knew exactly the things he was thankful for. The help with Noah. The calm her presence brought. Hope for better things to come in their future.
“You’re welcome.” She blinked. “I’m happy to have helped.”
“Come here.” Luke rolled to his back and pulled her up onto his chest. “I think I’d like that ride now.”
“Something tells me I’m in serious trouble.” She winked. 
“Deep, juicy trouble, sweetheart.”
She squealed when he tugged her down and devoured her ear lobe then scooted her down his body until she butted up against his hard-on. But best of all, she smiled. Maybe tomorrow, he’d tell her how insanely in love he was with her. Definitely tomorrow, on their drive home. The one he planned to make sinful and sweet, just like his Sarrie.


Epilogue

One year later…

Sarrie sat front and center as Lonerby opened up for Sin Pointe’s very last show of their year-long tour. They’d made it! Just in time. Pride bubbled over as she watched Luke, Oscar, Noah and Erby come out and take their places enthusiastically on the stage because she knew the struggle it had been to get here. Luke devastated her heart time and time again. The man was beautiful inside and out.
The crowd went absolutely wild. Sarrie let go and cheered right along with them, grinning at the women wearing Luke’s face on their chesty shirts. She knew how amazing it felt to wear the man’s clothes.
“We’re Lonerby and we’re thankful you’ve all come out to see us play tonight,” Erby shouted into the mic. “Who wants to see Sin Pointe?” She faced her mic to the crowd and people lost their minds shrieking. “All right, well let’s get things warmed up for them, shall we? Boys?” 
Sarrie expected the guys to start up a song but to her surprise, Luke grabbed the mic from Erby. He wiped his one hand down the side of his jeans, switched hands and wiped that one too, then cut into a grin so childlike she knew he had to be nervous. 
“Hi. I’m Luke.”
Of course every female in the first twenty rows of the amphitheater knew that and screamed their affection in response. Sarrie heard several “I love you Luke’s”. 
“Um, thanks.” 
Was he blushing? 
“So I know we need to get the show on the road but um…I have a little something to say real quick. I’m getting married someday soon,” his grin grew wider, “and I just wanted to say you’d better be nice to my lady because she’s the reason we’re up on this stage.”
A mix of Ahs and Oh No’s flooded Sarrie’s ears. Tears wet her cheeks. 
Sarrie, standing amongst the people with Luke staring straight at her, could hardly contain her smile. Unsure if he could see her or not with everyone out of their seats, she mouthed the word yes. The important thing was that she knew her answer. She couldn’t wait to get him to herself. They’d been through so much. For now, she wanted him to rock it out like he’d never done before. She knew he would.

Later that night, Sarrie sat in her car, waiting for Luke to finish up and join her so they could drive back to his apartment together. Their apartment, she corrected, still getting used to living together. She still couldn’t believe what he’d done on stage tonight and was dying to hold him. How perfect it had been that the tour had closed in Nashville so she could be there. 
Her cheeks would be red and raw soon if her tears didn’t let up. A song Luke recorded for her played in the CD player while she waited. Ever since that crazy first week, they’d come home from The Ritz openly together. He would have it no other way, to hell with everyone else. The thing was, he’d never officially asked her to be his. Until tonight. Sort of. Life had certainly been interesting for them the past year. But they were getting through the ups and downs together.
She almost didn’t hear the text message alert over the sound of Luke’s manly, gravelly voice.  
Luke: Hi, are you okay? Are you parked somewhere safe? 
Sarrie: Safe, but hard to see through my tears. Thank you for the song.
Luke: You’re welcome, sweetheart. About to be done here. After party almost over. Have a question for you.
Her ears and fingers perked up.
Sarrie: Okay.
Luke: Will you please be my girlfriend? Waited long enough.
Sarrie: Yes!
Luke: Thank you. I love you.
Sarrie: I love you too…I have a question for you…
Luke: Anything you want, sexy.
Sarrie: Luke, will you marry me?
Silence answered her. There was no immediate reply. After a few more moments, and still no reply, she began to worry. Maybe she’d jumped the gun, misjudging how soon he’d meant when he’d said someday soon.
****  
Shit. Luke had been snatched, physically, from his quiet corner to play partners with Noah in a game of foosball. His phone dropped and the battery fell out. All he could think of was what Sarrie must be assuming. He scrambled to put his phone pieces back together but Noah tugged him again. This was their new thing. A foosball rivalry to put all others to shame. It kept Noah’s hands busy and his mind off booze. “One quick round brother, then I have to get to Sarrie.”

Shit. That had been the longest five minutes of his life. He didn’t bother with the texting when he was done. He called her directly, grabbing his cardigan and speed walking out to the back parking area.
“Baby, is that you?” she asked.
“Yes, I’m so sorry, Noah needed a partner for foosball.”
“It’s okay. I figured as much. Did you get my last message?”
“Are you driving?” He could hear the engine.
“I’m just pulling around to the back to get closer.”
“Okay, well my answer is that as much as I enjoyed having you as my girlfriend for the past five minutes, I’d be a hell of a lot happier to have you as my wife. Yes, I will marry you, Sarrie.”
“God, I love you. Oh I see you, baby.” She waved and smiled.
“I see you too, sweetheart. Let’s go home.”

The End



www.carlenelove.com



Other Books by Carlene Love Flores:

www.evernightpublishing.com/carlene-love-flores




If you enjoyed this book, you may also like:

The Bet by Beth D. Carter

A Cowboy for Mom by Honor James

Devlin’s Grace by Lee Ann Sontheimer Murphy






Evernight Publishing

www.evernightpublishing.com


