Toxic Promises
Herbert Howard Jones


Copyright  Herbert Howard Jones 2022
The right of Herbert Howard Jones to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with Sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.
This is a work of fiction. Opinions expressed in this book do not necessarily reflect the author’s own views.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Distributed by Smashwords,
Cover by Herbert Howard Jones.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
About the author


Chapter One 
Gerald tensed his calf muscles as he lay next to her in the bed. He tended to do that when he was feeling irritated. If Florence didn't shut the hell up with her crying, moaning and groaning, he was going to give her a good slap. But it seemed that she was determined to make her point. Even though she had been crying and her tears had annoyingly wet his hairless chest, she still reached for him. But he was in no mood for any more fooling around. Also, her breath was unpleasantly hot and heavy, and he felt smothered.
To him now, she was just a heavy lump of flesh who was determined to ruin his plans. But she seemed to do this in all innocence. However, he didn't care about that. His mind was very determinedly set on what he wanted, and he wasn't going to let her take it away from him.
They were both naked and her conciliatory hand movements were failing to arouse him again. He just wasn't in the mood for any more love making. But eventually his anger subsided, and he returned her caresses. They were both physical attractive young people, he darker than her, she quite dazzling. For him it was almost impossible to ignore her charms and she felt the same way about him.
But the night was hot and stuffy and even the fan in the ceiling did nothing to cool him down. Indeed, her skin was clammy to the touch and unpleasant feeling.
Gerald stared up at the fan rotating in the ceiling and then he abruptly pulled the single sheet down to reveal their nakedness. For a second there was a whoosh of cool air as he moved the sheet, but it was much better than being under it.
He could tell that she was trying to suppress her sobs. But he struck her as being a young woman who would cry over anything. To him it was like so many crocodile tears and they didn't move him.
“I think you've made your point,” he said. “I get it, you're upset.”
She moved her hand down to his thighs. “I'm sorry. I can't help it. Look, I've wet your chest!”
Laurence raised his head and then flicked her salty tears from his body. “You should have told me you were knocked up earlier!”
She turned her head to look at him, her beautiful piercing brown eyes were like sorrowful beacons. “I didn't want it to be true. After all we took all the precautions.”
“Well obviously they weren't good enough,” he said in a bitter tone of voice.
“And I did take the pills you gave me from that quack doctor Michaels,” she said. “Not that they did any good.”
“How long have you known?” he demanded as he began to feel tense again. He twitched his feet and really wanted to give her a good kick.
“For nearly two weeks,” she said. “And then it was becoming obvious. The lump in my belly, I mean.”
Gerald touched her abdomen. “I don’t feel anything. Are you sure?”
“Yes a hundred percent and I blame the goddam doctor!” she said.
He turned his head and studied her breasts which were flat against her chest. “This is 1955 and these doctors should realise that they can't pull stunts like that anymore. We should sue the ass off him!”
“Really,” she said.
“Yeah, I mean he's charging women a small fortune for sugar and milk pills which aren't going to do anything. How much did you pay for them?”
“Fifty dollars for five.”
Gerald slapped the sides of the bed violently. “The thieving bastard. I swear to God I'm gonna get even with him.”
“Maybe I could get it adopted,” she said staring up at the rotating blade of the fan, almost hypnotised.
Gerald sat up and grabbed her arm. “No, no, no! If your uncle found out then that would be the end of everything.”
“Look, my family aren't as bad as you think,” she said.
“I don't want to take any chances,” he said as he rested his head back on the pillow again.
She looked at him. “Okay, so what do you suggest?”
*  *  *
Before answering her question he sat up again and pulled the sheet back over them. He then reached for the packet of cigarettes which was on the bedside table. He lit one up and puffed at it for a second and then passed it to her and she puffed away as well.
“Look Flo’, you know I love you and I want us to get hitched. And I do want a kid. And I know it would look like you. Beautiful or handsome as the case may be!”
“Okay,” she replied listening intently.
“So the last thing we want to do is upset the old man,” Gerald said trying to use language that would appeal to her. “But if we did the sneaky thing, got married because you're pregnant, then I think your uncle would just hit the roof. We could say goodbye to your inheritance. And that is a lot of goddam money to say goodbye to.”
She didn't reply at first and then she said, “No, I’m sure uncle Damien would understand. He knows I would never go with anyone else, that you are the only one for me, so why wouldn't he accept that?”
“Because he is a moralising son of a bitch, and although you may love me, he doesn't!” Gerald stated indelicately as he took the cigarette from her and inhaled deeply on it. He passed the cigarette back to her.
“Don't talk about my uncle like that; he's a good man and he only wants what is best for me!” she replied clenching her fist.
“But rich people like that who think they have a special relationship with God would want to make me pay for the mistake,” he said. “He's a pillar of the local church and people come to him for advice. He is in with the most important businesspeople in the community. He’s even sponsored my high school. And his wrath would be pretty evil. He would have a word with the Dean, and I will be flung out on my ear. I would be ruined.”
She shook her head. “That would probably be what he would want to do, his first reaction sure. But if I made it clear to him that I want to spend the rest of my life with you, then he will change his tune. I know how to get round him.”
“Well he sounds like a pretty nasty character to me,” Gerald replied. “But see, you've only seen his good side and you’ve always had everything you ever wanted. You don't know what it's like not to be pampered. You're just like a pampered poodle!”
“Don't call me that! I know you're from a poor family obviously, but if the worst happened I wouldn't leave you. I would take care of you!”
“That's not the point,” he said. “I'm a good student, and I know that if I put my head down I’d be accepted by a good college. I know I’d pass the bar exam and I would be able to write my own ticket with the best New York lawyers in the city. We could then get out of this hick town and really live. I'd have a great career and your inheritance could get us ahead with some prime real estate. We would be made. But if you had to carry me, I think I would grow to hate you!”
At these words Florence frowned. “God Gerald you are so negative. I can't believe you sometimes. But our kind of love would prevent that from happening.”
He smirked. “Our kind of love has just got us into a lot of trouble. And now you’re two weeks gone despite everything we did to stop it happening...”
Florence suddenly smiled. “But don't you see that means that this is meant to be!”
“You really like to believe in impossible things, don't you?” he said in a nasty manner.
Florence suddenly got up from the bed and walked to the window.
Gerald stared at her curvy buttocks and found himself becoming slightly aroused again. “Look the whole thing could turn into a nightmare,’ he said. “And I don't want you looking after me; I want to look after you! And if your uncle got any wind you were preggers, I know for a fact that he would be under pressure to act and do something. And in turn he would drive me to do something quite desperate.”
She turned to look at him, her eyes agitated. “Like what?”
He shrugged. “I don't know. Kill myself. Jump off a high building. My life wouldn't be worth living.”
She came back and got into the bed under the sheet again. “Not even with me in your life?”
“You would be the only reason why I wouldn't do it. And I had it worked out so well in my head. With no pregnancy to worry about, you would have presented me to him, and I would have made him like me. You told me that he was a hunting, fishing man who had a passion for chess. Well, I could get to like these things myself, and then he would see that I would have something in common with him. And I would have just played up to him, and you would have given him good reports about me. And he would eventually have seen me as your perfect match. Especially as my school grades are all A's. That's the one good thing I can say about myself. I'm a quick study.”
“I know you are,” she said putting her head on his chest.
“And then when we both graduated, probably at the same time, we could have got hitched with his blessing. And I'm thinking as early as this August. But then, see, I know how these old rich guys think. They love their nieces and granddaughters, and he would have probably arranged a mortgage for us.”
“All that can still happen,” she replied.
“Not now you're pregnant. He would only see that as... depravity! Pregnant outside of marriage to him is a no no!”
It was her turn to sit up and thump the bed. “Depravity? No, you don't realise how sweet he is. If you met him you would realise that he is a pussycat! He is the only one looking after me while my parents are off galivanting all over the world.”
Gerald laughed harshly. “A Pussycat? Are you kidding me? Don't you remember I told you that I was doing some table waiting in Loewman’s downtown restaurant. And he came in and I served him. And he treated me like a piece of unmentionable on the bottom of his shoe. He's just a snobby, cold man who thinks that everyone is below him. And as for his religion, it just shows that he's a hypocrite!”
Florence leaned on her arm. “Are you just saying this because you want to end it with me? Is that what this is all about? Because  if it is, I don't know what...”
He looked at her piercingly. “No, no I'm just trying to give you the full picture as I see it.”
She nodded. “Then, as I see it, we just need to get married and if Uncle Damian doesn't like it, that's up to him!”
Gerald shook his head and his eyes swivelled almost contemptuously in his head. “You are not getting it are you? This is a cruel world, and we have to be clever about this. You tell me he's a chess player, but see I have a few gambit's of my own. We can outfox him!”
Florence was starting to weary of his determined negative talk. It smacked of cynical dissatisfaction. “Okay, you think we can outfox him? But why do we need to?”
*  *  *
What Gerald said to her next was almost beyond her ability to comprehend. She wasn't used to such barbarous ideas, because it was true that she did live in a pampered world. It was a world without threats, without any major catastrophes, or anything which might undermine her existence. What he suggested was something her instincts made her want to block out.
But as he told her his plan, she could see that he was becoming more and more physically aroused. He was running his hand over her naked body and kissing her breasts passionately as he spoke. 
She shook her head. “Gerald no, that's the worst idea I've ever heard!”
“Seriously, as the tablets didn’t work, you may need to have a procedure! Because getting rid of the baby is the only answer,” he said.
“No Gerald, I’ve changed my mind and you couldn’t be more wrong.”
“I’m not. Now get on your knees!” he commanded.
“You know I don't like it that way!”
“You don't want to do anything for me, do you!” he said pulling an ugly face. “But I think what I just said to you is the only way to go.”
She looked down at him and saw that his thighs were full of desire for her. But of course this was why they were now in this predicament. They couldn't keep their hands off each other. “No Gerald. No, if my uncle heard what you just said, then he definitely would want to kill you!”
He suddenly slapped her face. “Don't say that! It sounds like you want him to. Now get on your knees!”
She brought her hand up to her cheek. “What did you do that for?”
“Because you're not behaving like a wife yet,” he said growing angry with her. “You're not doing as I ask. Does it not say in the Bible that the man should always take the lead in a relationship and the wife should obey?”
She shook her head and continued to rub her cheek. “Well, I can hardly act like a wife if we're not even married yet. I've still got some say in this thing!”
“Then you ought to be saying the right things,” he said. “You should be saying, I agree with you darling. I’ll have a procedure if I have to for our sake!”
She shook her head and sighed heavily. “I can't say that because, it's ungodly! But we've already tried tablets and they don't work. And I’m glad they didn’t. But having a procedure is a terrible idea and I won’t do it!”
“The tablets didn't work because you got them from a shyster doctor!” Gerald stated. “At the time I was trusting in your judgement, but clearly we should have discussed it more.”
“But a procedure!” she said shaking her head almost as if she was bewildered. “It will be so painful. Girls have died from this!”
“Well obviously we won't go back to see that goddam doctor of yours, would we!” he said. “We would go and see my family doctor. And I’m not saying you need to go under the knife straight away. In fact, I have already discussed this with him. And it's only because he is a friend of the family that he would help us. But actually he is against the idea of abortions anyway on principle.”
She frowned. “You're confusing me.”
“There's nothing to be confused about. It will just take maybe three days out of your life. You'll go and see the doctor, he will give you a check-up to see whether the pills he’s got can be taken by you. Because they are quite toxic, but they should do the job, though they’re expensive. The pills your doctor gave you were rubbish! But see if my doctor agrees that you were healthy enough, then he will give you a proper prescription. We will then get the pills, you will go to a hotel, and you will have an induced abortion. But if that doesn’t work then going under the knife is the only other way. Maybe you can take a friend with you to help you.”
“Easy for you to say!” she said bitterly. “I do all the suffering, I go through the pain, and it will be messy, while you're sitting in a bar with your pals getting drunk. That doesn't seem fair to me!”
He shrugged. “We're just talking about a few hours of physical discomfort. And you can get painkillers for that. I know this route. I've been down it before!”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Don't worry about it. But it worked and it fixed the problem!” As he said this, he tried to look sincere. But he was lying. There never had been another occasion. 
“But the risks, and the pain, and maybe there will be a scar?” she said.
“Forget the surgery for now,” he told her. “The really good pills work in ninety nine percent of cases I believe. And if they don’t work, then we'll get hitched anyway, and to hell with your Mr Scrooge of an uncle. I can’t force you to have a procedure if you don’t want one. We'll just leave town and I'm sure I could get a job with a law firm if I really applied myself, worked nights.”
“Well, my uncle would still give me money, so we wouldn't be without any at all,” she said.
He knew that even though she was a pampered princess, she had a better relationship with her uncle than with her parents. In a word, they were rich absentee parents who liked visiting glitzy hotspots in their yacht and were away for months at a time.. 
It resulted in her uncle Damian having to step in and take over to bring her up properly. Florence's mother was Uncle Damian’s sister and there was very little love lost between them. In fact, from what Gerald understood, Florence lived against a back cloth of family cynicism. It was full of antagonistic alliances between members of her family. Sometimes, she would be on one side and at other times she would be on another. In a way it resulted in her becoming quite a powerful person in the family. Her uncle was more likely to listen to her than his own sister her mother.
“So will you do it?” he said. “Or will you at least think about it?”
“I'll think about it, but I'm not making any promises,” she said. “The risks of having a procedure are really bad!”
*   *   *
While she was still trying to make up her mind, he took her brutally. She didn't like what he did to her, but it seemed to give him great physical satisfaction. It lasted the best part of four minutes. After the act, which made her feel sullied and used, Gerald seemed like a happier person. He had got his anger out of his system, even for just a moment. But then it didn't represent any long term cure.
 However, she was prepared to let him use her. Especially if it meant entrapping this very handsome, resourceful, clever young man whom she believed could do anything. Although she was older than him, slightly, his maturity was impressive.
But to suggest that she was naive in the way of the world would have done her an injustice. She wanted to get her hands on her inheritance as much as Gerald did. They were both in accord where that was concerned. In the back of her mind she was thinking that he could do all the dirty work and they would both benefit from it. If she had to give her body in the process to him, then that was a relatively small price to pay. And in a way she was learning to perversely like the unpleasant quite gross nature of their love making. In fact she was acquiring a taste for it.
After the act, they took their sweat drenched bodies to the bathroom and had a joint shower. Time was now getting on and she had to get home for dinner and to finish a school assignment. 


Chapter Two
Gerald Raphemore came from upper New York and was of French extraction. His parents, although quite well educated, had taken up impractical jobs. Jobs that didn't pay very much and so his upbringing was less than spectacular compared to Florence's.
He was deeply galled by his relative poverty as he saw it, even though they had all the basics of life that they needed. But he hated the neighbourhood where he lived and the scattering of project housing around him. It reminded him that he had been born into a less than privileged existence. However, Gerald proposed to change all that. 
For one thing, his parent’s love of books and education was something that he embraced. And as a result he was regarded as something as a nerd, a word first used by Dr Suess. But he was strong enough not to allow himself to be a victim of bullying because of it.
The one thing he knew he had was good looks. His mother also made sure that he always wore nice clothes, clean and the latest fashions. This was something that he retained as personal image right up to high school, where he now was in the twelfth grade. And whilst young women we're attracted to him and we're frankly sexually curious about him, he had other ideas about their role in his life. 
His father had this refrain about men being enslaved to women. After all, he argued, the  men had to provide for the little woman at home. That technically meant that the woman was the master or the mistress and the man the gopher.
In that role the man was principally obliged to keep a roof over everybody’s head and feed and clothe everyone. This also included paying for medical care, education in some cases, maintaining transport for the family - being the chauffeur and cutting the lawn etc. Generally getting their hands dirty. And all to keep his mate from deserting him. As Gerald realised, it wasn't a man's world at all, it was a woman's world.
In fact, his father would say half-jokingly that a man really needed to find a rich woman to look after him. His role would then be to attend to her emotional and physical needs which would be a cinch if you liked the woman concerned. This resonated with Gerald very much and it became a sort of silent mantra of his, that all he needed to find was a wealthy coed.
 But this kind of socially advantage person would normally not be found in a run of the mill high school. But Edmund Lacey High was very picky about its students, and you had to have real academic abilities to get in.
In fact, a very stiff entrance exam had to be passed.  Only the intellectual cream of Upper New York would be inducted as a matter of course. And very often this included pampered rich young female students who came from successful and educated families. And Gerald being as calculating as he was, immediately identified twenty-seven young wealthy girls, half of whom were truly stunning. Although Florence Hildegard was not the most beautiful, she was exceptionally pretty and had a lovely personality. She also wasn't afraid to start conversations with boys or men and she seemed to like him. She also liked sex and didn’t mind experimenting. 
They were both senior sophomore's when they met. She was sixteen and he was slightly younger than her, and of course they both had their sights on the big universities. Gerald wanted to study law because he saw that as a pathway to wealth, providing of course he was accepted by a prosperous firm. But that all depended on his performance at university. Florence in her turn was vaguely thinking in terms of going into the fashion industry, although in what capacity she wasn't sure. She even considered becoming a model, but this idea was slapped down by her uncle Damian who saw her in a more managerial role.
However, part one of Gerald's life plan was now in place. He had found an attractive young girl who was heir to a fortune. Not only was she heir but she was her wealthy guardian’s favourite. And hopefully this favouritism would be bestowed on him as well. All he had to do was a little bit of acting, be attentive, polite, dress conservatively, laugh at her uncles jokes etcetera. For an intelligent articulate young man like Gerald, this surely would be a walk in the park.
*  *  *
In the end Gerald decided to organise the tablets himself. There was really no need for Florence to go and have an examination by his family doctor. Clearly she was a healthy, strapping young woman. All Gerald had to do was explain the situation to his doctor and then he was certain he would just give him the necessary medication. Doctor Billington was an amiable man and he seemed to like Gerald. 
In fact, he had been Gerald's doctor as he was growing up. It was handy that the doctor had moved, setting up a practice closer to where Gerald currently was in Dockwood. However, there was a rumour going round that he had been struck off and no longer had a license to practice medicine. Gerald just dismissed it.
By a happy coincidence, a new medication had recently come onto the market that was low risk and had few side effects. It was called Minoprostafem, and in fact the doctor had a drawer full of them. The kindly doctor gave him a box on account. There were twelve of them, pale blue large round tablets, which would probably make anybody gag.
Gerald accepted the box thankfully, giving the doctor the various assurances that he required. The doctor even promised not to tell his parents. Armed with this new weapon in his arsenal, Gerald went and met Florence under their tree which was on Dockwood High School grounds.
For a second as he approached the area, Gerald thought she had turned chicken and had not turned up. But there she was on the other side of the oak tree, looking very pretty in a yellow floral dress, talking to another student. The other student went as soon as Gerald arrived.
As it was a warm day they sat down at the base of the tree, and he gave her a brief kiss on the lips. He then reached into his pocket, pulled out the little white box and shook it. “Here they are.”
Florence hesitatingly took the box which was about half the size of the palm of her hand and opened it and looked in. She appeared dismayed at the size of the pills. “I'll have to break these in half,” she said.
“There are a week’s supply,” he told her matter of factly. “And you have to take one in the morning and one at night with food. And the whole thing is very gradual. It's not like one big thing, it doesn't all happen at once.”
“I should have seen the doctor myself to ask him about any... side effects,” she said hesitantly brushing her blonde hair out of her eyes.
Gerald felt that she was putting up objections already. “There are no side effects apart from a little sweating. And who doesn't do that?”
“I think I would still like to speak to him,” she said. “I mean, is he going to keep his mouth shut?”
“Of course he is,” Gerald assured her with justified confidence. “What he’s doing is really illegal. These tablets can only be given under the order of a court. But I've known this doctor all my life and he is not going to go round spreading any rumours. He could lose his license and we’d go to prison. But don’t worry. In fact, he just gave me the tablets without even asking to be paid. But I said I would pay him when I had the dough.”
“I don't mind paying, how much are they?” she asked dubiously.
“Twenty bucks,” he said lying.” Actually they were only seven dollars, but he could use some change as he was out of money at the moment. There was only so much he was earning at his little part time Saturday job as a waiter and cleaner at Loewman’s restaurant.
The sun was high in the sky, and everything appeared fine with the world except for the gloom which seemed to have descended on them. Even though Gerald was, on the whole quite heartless, his conscience was beginning to prick him a little. 
For one, he hadn't told her everything the doctor had said regarding the side effects of the drug. Certainly, there would be sweating, but there would also be nausea, headaches, and loss of appetite, but it wouldn't last long. The other reason that Gerald’s slumbering conscience was irking him was because he had spoken to a friend about the pills. 
Apparently, he had heard of this new medication and said that it could be lethal in some cases. His friend then related a horrifying tale of a girl who practically went blind after taking them. Gerald had halted him in the middle of his story not wanting to hear the rest. But doctor Billington had not raised anything like these concerns. He said that he gave them to a number of patients, and they had been fine. 
But Florence didn’t appear totally reassured. “If you’re sure they are okay, I'll start taking them tonight. Do you fancy going to dinner tonight on me?”
“Bad timing,” he said. “I have three history papers to finish or Miss Bellmarsh will blow her top!”
“I'll give you a hand if you like,” she offered suddenly smiling.
Gerald stared at her. “No, that's alright, thank you. I'm sorry I opted for history now and should have done something like geography. But I need history if I want to go into law. I need to know who all the presidents were!”
She laughed. “Well I could tell you that without even looking it up. Where would you like me to start?”
Gerald shook his head and smiled. “Don't worry I was just kidding. Well, I guess I have to go and get my head down now.”
She frowned at him. “Jeez you can be such a swot!”
He pecked her on the cheek and then stood up. “That's why you love me isn't it?”
“I guess,” she replied.
Before he walked away, he looked down at her admiring her natural beauty which didn't need any makeup to enhance. “Just make sure you start taking the pills tonight. The longer they’re in the box the less effective they are.”
Florence studied the box in her hand. “Fine.”
He began to walk away. “Ring me at the boarding house when you've taken your first one.”
*  *  *
As Gerald walked away, he couldn't suppress the notion that the pills may be quite dangerous. Even though Florence was a strapping girl, she was also quite delicate in certain ways. She had an unusual pallor for one, which suggested that she could be anaemic.
The other thing was that doctor Billington did say that he couldn't absolutely promise that they would work. In fact, he said that perhaps she was too far gone.
A lot rested on the pills working. To Gerald his association with Florence was no casual thing. He was entirely relying on her to propel him to the dizzy heights that he aspired to. He knew that he had to get his head down and get into a good law school. He would be recommended to a first class law firm, hopefully one in New York. Then there would be a legitimate pathway into politics. But he needed her financial backing to get there. 
The key to American politics was in the legal system. To get one of the plum jobs at the top, it was really essential to have a background in a successful law practise.
And the other thing, was that a candidate had to have important people vouching for them. So many pieces had to be in place before a person could be a contender, although some outsiders still manage to break in. But it was really virtually a closed shop.
Florence was one of the keys to opening the door to the inner chamber. It would not go unnoticed that her uncle Damien Goldsby owned a publishing empire. It was a company which had fingers in so many other pies too. One of which was in the Federal correctional and penal system. Also he was a leading supplier of medical equipment in the Southeast. This particularly worried Gerald because Florence just might be tempted to discuss the pills with her uncle. 
But surely she would realise that that would be anathema to their goals. Damien Goldsby was a man who would get so enraged at this, that he would no doubt deliberately spoil Gerald’s career chances.
Gerald sat on his humble bed in the boarding house in Dockwood smoking a cigarette and not remotely planning to do his history assignments. His mind was wandering in several directions. It had surprised him that Florence, whose innocent face with its big blue eyes and slightly pouting lips was a raver in bed. He quickly learned that she was a very sensuous young woman who was likely to have a lot of kids. And he was sure that she would be a very good mother to.
But her hunger for physical contact with him was where the blame lay for their current predicament. She had dragged them to this point. She had failed to protect herself and thus revealed a lack of worldliness. It was almost criminal in his eyes, even though he took advantage of it.
But if doctor Billington's subtle suggestion that perhaps the pills would not do their job, then Gerald would be staring into an abyss. It was not altogether helpful, that her uncle was a business magnate because that placed a lot of power in his hands. He could get Gerald blacklisted everywhere not just locally. Gerald knew that his uncle had business connections in New York, Chicago and out West. One bad word from Goldsby and it would mean that no law firm would ever contemplate taking him on as a potential employee.
That's what Gerald hated about the system. It tended to be controlled by very few people. And he knew they could be a snobby, vindictive bunch and on occasion delight in crushing a guy’s chances. Gerald knew, possibly because he was good looking, that certain men would hate him automatically. No doubt they would support Goldsby up to the hilt. And so Gerald was determined not to go over that precipice of self-destruction.
Having met Damien Goldsby briefly in a restaurant in the capacity of waiter, Gerald didn't like him already. But it was a serendipitous meeting and probably Goldsby would not remember him. However, straight away Gerald realised he had served a man who could destroy him with the flick of a pen, or with one phone call.
Not many young men at the high school realised who Florence was. It was only when Gerald had done his due diligence, like the potential lawyer he was, that he discovered something. That she was a major shareholder in her uncle’s company, the Westwood Publishing Corporation. It was Damien Goldsby’s flagship company which provided employment to hundreds of local people. And from what Gerald learned, Florence had a third stake in it. 
Such was the relationship that she had with her uncle. It made her staggeringly rich although she never openly talked about money. But she always had plenty in her personal account and could buy anything she wanted at any time without limits.
Florence didn't need to live at home for the duration. She was renting her own apartment which was less than a hundred metres from the high school campus, and it gave her more freedom. And this, although a useful convenience, sometimes made her feel isolated. Its might have explained why she seized on Gerald when she first met him.
*  *  *
Florence sat at the desk in her little lounge of her rented apartment wearing her nightie. The box of pills was already sitting there staring up at her in a challenging way. But she knew from what she had read, that as soon as she took a pill she would suffer a physical reaction. And it probably wouldn't be pleasant. However, she was completely sold on the idea that if she and Gerald started from scratch, then her family would welcome him into the fold. The unborn baby had to go, no question. At least, she agreed with the logic of this argument even if it pained her.
But what was the worst that could happen? Certainly, she was unlikely to die. And if all went well and their problem could be made to magically disappear, then that would also ease the tensions between them. She had never seen him so rattled and he was usually quite a chilled young man although very serious about his studies. 
He clearly understood that his whole future was really determined by how well he did at  high school and university. It was from here that students branched off into different levels of society. The brilliant ones were usually inducted into the top paying jobs. This could make all the difference to their lifestyles in the future and an unwanted pregnancy could put the brakes on all that. Even though Florence was technically rich, she didn’t want Gerald to feel stigmatised if he didn’t realise his ambitions. He wouldn’t fully feel like a man if he was financially dependent on her.
And having discussed it with Gerald many times, she knew that something like this would definitely mess up their prospects as a couple. However, she’d be alright. If the worst happened, she was unlikely to be abandoned by her family; it would just be a case that they wouldn't accept him.
She stared at the phone next to her and decided to take it off the hook. People were always contacting her, especially her sister Lauren. Lauren was all grown up now with her own husband who was on Wall Street in New York. They were doing fine, and Lauren represented something that Florence wanted to achieve. 
In a nutshell, this was respectability, a happy marriage and continued comfort. So this really needed to work if she wanted to make a life with Gerald, who essentially needed to be accepted by her uncle Damian. If you were her uncle’s enemy, then you would be outgunned and on the losing side from day one.
And although Florence accepted Gerald's argument in every sense of it, still she resented having to take an action which went against her beliefs. People took her as an airhead,  a rich bubblehead, a dumb blonde, but she was far from that. In fact, she had quite a clear picture of what she wanted from life and was good at her studies. She was certainly no fool.
But she was tempted not to take the goddam pills that Gerald had given her at all. Besides, they were too large like the sort of medications you might give a sick animal. Is that what she was in essence, she wondered? A sick puppy or something?
She removed a tablet from the box and despite the typed-up instructions on the front, she decided to try a compromise. She was supposed to take two per day, one in the morning and one in the evening with food. However, suppose she just took one, split it into two halves? Surely she would still experience the benefit and her reactions might not be as severe?
Of course the only other way to remove an unwanted foetus was to see an abortionist who would cut you open and probably leave an unsightly scar. And then would Gerald still want her? No, she would do things her way.
Florence went into her little kitchenette to prepare some toast to have with her half tablet. Actually, the tablet could now be more easily swallowed with some food. The whole course was supposed to last a week, but what if it was spread over two weeks? If there were any side effects then perhaps they wouldn't be as bad. 
If the dosage was too low and nothing happened then it didn't matter. She could simply get some more from the doctor and take the medication normally as prescribed. There was bound to be a cumulative effect.  But she was like one of these people who at a beach were only prepared to put their toes in to the sea to test it out. Then if their feet could take the intense cold, they would immerse themselves more and more in the water. This was how she wanted to do it.
She came back to the desk with her bit of buttered toast, took a bite, chewed it well, swallowed it, and then broke a tablet into two. She was able to do this with her hard fingernails. Then she popped the half tablet into her mouth and realised that she needed to have some water with it. She went back into the kitchen and poured some water from the faucet into a glass. This she swallowed with the tablet, making a gulping noise and feeling everything going down, the toast, the tablet and the water. The deed had now been done. It was just a matter of waiting to see what would happen next. Hopefully, these tablets were stronger than the ones she had already taken.

*  *  *
Gerald had an English literature class the next morning. He was there with his textbooks and exercise book staring up at the teacher. But he couldn't concentrate on what she was saying. All he kept thinking about was whether Florence had started her course of medication. 
He had tried to phone her late last night from the boarding house. But he kept getting engaged signals. So understandably he was full of suspense. However, he was quite certain that she would do the sensible thing and then that massive weight would be off his shoulders. He would be able to think clearly again. 
He was used to obstacles and was quite sure this was simply another obstacle he could get round, or get over, or solve. In fact, the moment she started taking the pills, it would be game over for the unborn child anyway. Of that he was certain.
He and Florence were both doing English literature and they would sometimes do assignments together. But he noted that she was quite late, and he wondered if this was anything to do with the pills. Perhaps she hadn't taken the first one and didn't want to see him. He checked the large round clock on the wall and saw that it agreed with his watch. She was now twenty minutes late for class.
But as soon as he bent his head down to make some notes in his exercise book, Florence appeared at the window of the door. She came in staring at him directly. They always sat in the same place three quarters of the way back from the teacher’s desk on the left hand side.
As she came in, it was obvious to Gerald that she was looking paler than before. Her eyes appeared troubled and slightly bloodshot. It was the way she had looked after they had first made love. She looked as if she was recovering from a bad hangover.
She glanced apologetically at the female teacher who frowned at her and nodded. Florence then took her place next to Gerald who quickly put his arm around her waist and gave it a squeeze.
“Did you take them?” Gerald whispered. But his voice still carried to the front of the class and the teacher gave him a warning glance.
Florence glanced at him and nodded. And then she wrote something at the top of her exercise book and turned it towards him so that he could read it. In scrawled handwriting it said – they made me feel really sick and I threw everything up!
He read the note and then wrote one back - did anything else happen?
She shook her head and shrugged.
Gerald wanted to interrogate her more, but they couldn't during class, so he just smiled and said, “We'll talk in a minute.”
Chapter Three
As soon as class was over they gathered up their things and rushed into the hallway.
“So did you take two as recommended?” he asked.
She knew that she couldn't tell him the full truth, and so she said, “Of course.”
Gerald was thoughtful. “According to the doc, this is the slow way of doing it. But we will know for sure in a week. Just keep taking the tablets, and try and bear it if you can, the sickness I mean.” 
She nodded.
There were some students standing nearby in the corridor who appeared to be half listening to their conversation. Gerald and Florence moved down the hall. As they walked they talked but in low tones.
“But what if they don't work?” she said. “I mean nothing happened apart from my feeling really sick. And a bit dizzy to be honest.”
“If they don't work, we’ll go back to the doctor, or maybe you could go and see the doctor and see what else he could suggest,” Gerald replied thoughtfully.
She received this suggestion ambivalently. “But I won't go under the knife. I won't have some butcher cutting me open!”
A young girl student standing by her locker turned her head at these words and so Gerald moved them on again. “You can't have a private conversation anywhere, can you!”
Gerald took her out of the building altogether. 
She stared at him. “But the thing is, if they don't work then we had better just get married. No one can stop us, we're both over eighteen. It's the only thing we can do, or we will be in the doghouse, or rather you will be!”
He nodded as he contemplated this depressing prospect. But if they got married, her uncle might get suspicious, and it might point to the pregnancy. One way or the other it seemed that the dangerous truth might come out and there would be hell to pay. His future would face possible oblivion.
They went and sat on a bench which was just a few yards from the main building. “Have you told anyone?” he asked.
“Of course not,” she replied.
“I bet you're dying to tell your sister,” he said eyeing her suspiciously.
She was thoughtful for a moment. “I was tempted to say something to Lauren, as I know she wouldn't say anything to my uncle.” 
At these words Gerald looked quite alarmed. “No, please I beg you don't say a word to anyone, it's crucial!”
“But if the pills don't work, then we’ll definitely have to get married, obviously,” she said. “So then it will be alright to tell her, wouldn’t it? I mean, tell her that we're going to get married.”
He shook his head vigorously and put his hand on her arm. “No, if you told her before we got married then your uncle could step in and do something. He could try and stop us going through with it. I think it would literally put my life in danger!”
She stared at him and then laughed. “Don't be silly. He's not that kind of a man! He knows that legally as I’m eighteen, I can do what I like. And as long as I'm happy he'll be happy.”
“I wish I could feel as good about this as you do,” he said. “I guess we better go back in. What have you got now?”
“Sociology!” she replied. “And you?”
He sighed heavily as if the weight all the whole world was on his shoulders. “History appreciation.”
They both stood up to go back into school. Gerald followed her into the building and then had a change of heart when she'd gone into her class. He simply took off and walked across the campus. Being a scholarly young man, Gerald knew that the answers to most human problems could be found in a library. And although the library at school was quite well stocked, it was unlikely to have any detailed information about poisons. In order to get this information he would have to go to the Public Library that had a huge reference section which served the older student community.
He was already a member of this library but had not utilised the reference section very often. He hung about the lower part of the library for a few minutes and noted that they had added a small music section. It was now possible to borrow LPs and EPs. But when he checked, he discovered that it was mostly highbrow music and nothing particularly contemporary. 
So he went directly upstairs into the reference section. He found some students from the local university seated at tables, reading and writing under lamps. The reference section looked quite plush compared to the general section downstairs. Gerald had the idea that Florence’s uncle Damian may have been one of the library’s sponsors or even a governor. He had so many fingers in so many pies it was unbelievable.
As Gerald strolled around he came across a sign attached to the end of a large bookcase. It said that reference books could not be taken out of the library. He read the sign twice annoyed that an obstacle had already been thrown in his path.
But he did not see this as a problem all he needed was one good book and then possibly conceal it under his jacket. Not to make the library staff suspicious he would also take out a couple of regular books from downstairs.
He haunted the medical section for about ten minutes and eventually found a small book, a ‘handbook’ on the subject of toxicology. It was like a technical chemist’s guide which surely was a dangerous book to have on a shelf for the general public. Fortunately, the book had a plain blue, innocuous cover and didn’t look like a dangerous publication. It was just small enough to conceal either in his belt or even in a jacket pocket. But it would be sticking out slightly. He decided to shove it under his arm instead so that it would be completely concealed by his jacket.
He tried it out. The outlines of the book could be seen faintly under his jacket,  but surely these would not be noticed. He then went downstairs and quickly made some arbitrary selections of reading matter and checked out with his booty.
Gerald lived in the small town of Dockwood, and didn't have to take a bus back to his boarding house. Everything appeared to be within a radius of a mile of each other.
When he got back to his ‘miserable little room’, as he saw it, he felt a surge of excitement. He felt that he was on the verge of being liberated. He hadn't realised what a weight Florence was. She was like an albatross round his neck, he thought, although he never knew for sure what an albatross was. It was some sort of a bird wasn't it? But mostly the mere thought of her had a two-fold effect on him.
He would see her as the object of desire but at the same time he was daunted by his obligation to entertain her, talk to her. Sometimes he didn't want to talk and sometimes he didn't want to listen to what she had to say. Often when she spoke, he thought it was pure drivel. However, he did note that she appeared quite interested in what he had to say. But then he realised that's what women wanted. They needed a man who could satisfy them intellectually and emotionally and this very often involved a lot of communication. Frankly, he didn't really want to bother expending his energy in that way.
Once back in his small room at the top of the boarding house, he shrugged off his jacket and removed the book from under his arm. Then he made himself a snack. He grabbed himself some cookies and milk, which never failed to give him a boost and sat on his bed with the toxicology book. 
He already had an idea forming in his head, which may have been based on fantasy, that it was quite easy to poison somebody. It was either that or orchestrating some kind of a fatal accident, like being run over by an automobile or falling from a window. But something like that was too messy and there was no guarantee of success. Also, he did not want to subject Florence to any pain or major medical inconvenience.
Surely in modern times they had developed a poison which was more efficient than the old school of poisons. He remembered seeing a movie where a woman poisoned her husband over time, gradually mixing arsenic and sugar into his food. In the movie the man got more and more unwell and then finally died. And then there was an official investigation and they found arsenic in his hair. Apparently poison has to go somewhere and that's one way, during an autopsy, that foul play can be detected. 
Obviously, he had to do something cleverer than that. Less detectable. He had hardly picked up the book on toxicology and was flicking through it when he saw an interesting  chapter. It discussed poisons lethal to humans and animals. Also they were easily available. These could either be purchased or stolen. But procurement of these would be the first problem.
Although the school had its own chemistry lab, the building overall also had a nightwatchman. In addition Gerald, was pretty sure that the lab and it's various cupboards full of chemicals would be locked. No doubt copies of the keys could be found in the Bursar’s study. There was also a general all-purpose office connected to the Bursar’s study and the keys had to be somewhere in that vicinity.
The alternative was to break into one of the two pharmacies in town, none of which appeared to have any especial security. But somehow the idea of breaking into a store seemed more serious than simply accessing a cupboard in the high school’s science area.
The other problem was that he was not a science student and so would not have an excuse to be hovering about the school lab. But there was such a flux of students moving to and from classes that surely nobody would notice him. The staff we're usually deployed in their own activities and would not necessarily be standing around observing students. Everyone was on the move. As for the nightwatchman, he was virtually never seen although he could be spotted sometimes during the day.
The biggest advantage that Gerald had was that he didn't think that his school had ever had a major burglary. Students would often get up to their old monkey tricks of smoking and drinking but major theft was not often an issue. Very occasionally a student would lose something like money or a personal item, but that was not on a par with a full scale burglary.
Besides, what he wanted would not even be detected if it went missing. The book on toxicology had provided a list of over fifteen handy little chemicals. This included rat poison which had its uses. Gerald was quite certain that rat poison was probably used in a building like his high school, and this was no doubt kept in the general office. Mostly things were kept in cupboards under lock and key. They could easily be located. 
But he didn't want to break open cupboards when he could simply unlock them. All he needed was a legitimate key to open one of the stockrooms in the chemistry room and remove what he needed. He was certain everything would be labelled, but it might take some time to look through everything for what he needed. And so he would just require a suitable opportunity to do this. He calculated that on entering one of the stockrooms, he would need about ten minutes tops.
On going through the book, he made a note of everything he needed. If he couldn't find one thing, he was bound to find something else. Basically, all he needed were one or two items two carry out his intentions. And they had to be administered in a way which would not be detected by the victim. So that meant that he had to read up on them a little bit more.
He spent the next hour studying the book and at the end of that time, it began to look quite dog eared. Despite all his reservations about arsenic, apparently it was quite easy to obtain. Further, if the hair of the victim was cut then it was unlikely to be detected. At least this is what he deduced.
Because of the availability of this particular substance, it struck him that he might well find it in the chemistry lab stockroom at school. And he knew that it was not a particularly secure facility. In fact, many a time he would pass the lab on the way to some other class and see that the labs external windows were very often open. He therefore did not necessarily need a key to access the lab.
The laboratory was on the ground floor. He was sure that if he routinely tried the windows after school had ended, he would be lucky enough to find a window open. Then all he had to do is climb in. He also knew that very often keys were carelessly kept at the back of desk drawers. If the drawers themselves were not locked then it would be a cinch to get them and open one of the stockrooms. At least this was his theory.
As he sat on the bed, his eyes growing tired from the intense scrutiny that he was giving the little book, he suddenly lay back. He put the book on the bedside table and then reached for the packet of cigarettes that was on it. He lit up and half sat up staring at the opposite wall.
For some reason arsenic had traditionally been used by poisoners. Was it because of its cheapness or availability, he wondered? It was certainly known to be effective. But it did seem to him that it might be a long drawn out affair. And then there was the question of its easy discovery by an investigator. 
But then if possible he could shave Florence’s head after she was dead. People may puzzle at this afterwards, but it could be interpreted that Florence had suddenly gone off the rails. And this had led to her suicide.
As he smoked he realised that if he did go through with his plan he would be crossing a bridge from which he could not come back. Even if he got away with this crime, he would still have it on his conscience. And as annoying and as beguiling as Florence both was, he did have a certain sympathy for her. 
This was mainly due to the fact that she appeared to be looking to him to provide her with some sort of a life. She was clearly tired of being the little princess cooped up in a great big grand mansion with its servants and fine food and house parties. They were clearly making her feel jaded.
Conversely, these were all the things that he craved. He didn't want to have to make his own bed or do his own laundry or have to keep worrying about money all the time. Florence had none of these prosaic problems. He wondered how long she would survive without all the conveniences she had taken for granted.
He sat there, his eyes tiredly wandering from the wall to the door, to the light, to the window and back again. He just couldn’t think of any alternative to the drastic step of murdering her. And it would be helpful if, before he did the deed, she could be persuaded to give him a sum of money to tie him over. Something like a thousand bucks would be just fine.
Of course, after her murder he wouldn't run away because that would be an obvious sign of guilt. He would have to brazen it out, stay put, allow the police to question him. Experience had taught them that very often the culpable party were people the victim knew well. Gerald was aware of this official perception and had to be prepared for it.
He would just have to spend the day rehearsing what he was going to say, where he was at such and such a time etc. But most of all, do the best bit of acting he had ever done in his life. He would have to show sadness in a convincing way. This would not be difficult as he was quite sure that after he had done the deed he would indeed be sad. 
But he needed to be absolutely clear in his mind. Did he really want to do this? And then suppose he really did love her more than he realised? Would he start pining for her. Because there was certainly a sense of destiny about his connection with her.
He got up and went to the freezer and took out a soda which he broke open and poured into a glass. For some reason he had been building up a sweat and the cool sweet liquid refreshed him. But even this brief respite did not clarify his mind. It was still cloudy. However, the results of his to-do-list were quite clear. In a sense it was the writing on the wall. It told him that whichever way it was cut, she would still be a liability.
And as he reminded himself, he couldn't just walk away because he knew her uncle would be out to besmirch his name. Everybody would know what a bastard Gerald was to have dumped Florence at her moment of greatest need, when she was pregnant.
It would disrupt his studies, it would earn the contempt of his classmates and the Dean, and he would have to run away. But where would he go? Back home? In effect he would be starting from scratch. The more he thought about it the more his mind went round and round in agonising circles. 
He checked his watch and saw that it was now quite late and so he decided to sleep on it. He knew that sometimes when he slept on a problem, clarity would come to him the next day. The mind apparently had a natural ability to do this, processing information whilst the person was asleep.
He was tempted to phone Florence from the phone in the hallway, but he didn't have any change. So he got undressed, put on a pair of shorts and climbed into bed. Within a couple of minutes he dozed off with the bedside lamp still burning.
*  *  *
Next day he overslept because he had forgotten to set his alarm clock. He awoke to the bedside light still being on. He did not recall if he had any meaningful dreams. However, he did have an overpowering sense of rightness about his conclusions. His mind was still in doubt about the idea of murdering her. But he knew that she was not right for him. And he couldn't compete with what she represented.
While still hesitant and afraid of the consequences of any dire actions like murder, he did decide to try and obtain some poison. The idea both frightened and excited him and he wanted to test how far he was prepared to go. Did he have the metal, did he have the moxie to at least do that, break into the school lab?
Of course, Gerald was jumping the gun somewhat. They still needed to give the pills that the doctor had prescribed, a chance. If they worked and that dealt with the problem then Gerald would re-evaluate. Then, if he walked away from Florence he would, in the eyes of the community be less of a blackguard.
The one thing he knew he should not do, was let a bad mood influence an important decision. Before he did anything drastic, he needed to wait and see. And deep down he knew he really wanted the pills to work. 
But one thing he was determined to do, if only as an exercise, was try and get some arsenic. Who knew, it might come in useful for something else. And so he determined in the next week to keep the chemistry lab under surveillance and routinely check the windows from the outside. 
Of course he would need to do this before the nightwatchman came on for the evening. And if Gerald was spotted hovering outside the lab, he would have to give some sort of explanation if queried. But it was unlikely to happen. The nightwatchman had his own little cubby hole at the front of the building which he like to sit in.
But Gerald did not know how often he left his post and patrolled the building grounds. He had the impression that he just walked around the corridors of the school and then went and had a coffee in his little room. Perhaps, Gerald thought, it would be useful to acquire some clothing with which to disguise himself. Certainly, he should organise it before he attempted to climb through any possible open school lab window.
*  *  *
He had already failed to turn up to a number of important classes that week. But Gerald was too distracted to concentrate on his studies. He was now consumed with the idea of getting rid of Florence. Although he knew it could easily go badly. The police would automatically focus on people in her immediate circle as possible suspects. And of course the first thing they would consider is motive.
If she appeared to have committed suicide then they would still look for a motive. They would question why she had done it. And even though she swore to Gerald that she had not told a soul about her pregnancy, frankly he didn't believe it. Girls by nature were talkative and he was sure that she must have told somebody. It was either her sister, a likely candidate or her best friend Philippa.
Philippa was another pampered young Princess. If anyone outside their circle of two knew of the pregnancy, then Philippa was bound to know. Philippa did not go to that particular high school but was frequently seen in Florence's company outside of it. She was another attractive young girl, but her head seemed to be less tightly screwed on than Florence’s.
What Gerald noticed was, when he encountered Philippa she would be quite friendly towards him as opposed to the way Florence's sister behaved. Her sister, Lauren was openly hostile, but Gerald sensed that with Philippa he might have had a chance.
Thinking about it, he wondered if he should arrange an accidental encounter with her to find out what she knew about the pregnancy. And if Philippa knew all the gory details, which Gerald was more than certain that she did, then she too would represent a threat. And if this was the case, then his wellbeing and even liberty would still be in jeopardy. 
It really did behove him to find out who Florence had talked to and what Philippa knew. In Gerald's mind he knew that it was important to be thorough. If he was going to carry out the perfect murder, if such a thing existed, then he needed to be scientific about this.
But first things first. He needed to give Florence a ring to find out how she was getting on with the pills. It was not necessarily a bad thing if she had become nauseous. This was an indication that some kind of toxic activity was taking place and that was good. Any nausea would just be a temporary side effect.
So, quickly putting on some trousers and managing to find a handful of change in his bedside draw, he went into the hallway to phone her. It was possibly early enough for him to catch Florence before she went into classes. But because she lived in her own little apartment, she didn't have a parent nagging at her to go into school. This had resulted in her going in quite sporadically. However, she made up for it by working hard at her assignments because it was on this that a student’s continuous assessment was based.
He put some change into the little black phone’s box and rang Florence's number. Of course he knew it by heart but for some reason he couldn't always get through to her. Either the phone was continuously engaged, or she just didn't pick up or she wasn't there. But she answered the phone straight away which was a minor miracle as far as he was concerned.
“Hello?” Florence said in her sweet very feminine voice.
“Flo’, you OK?” he inquired trying to make his voice sound jolly and positive.
“Oh hi,” she said warmly. “I've been missing you, but I don't like to phone you at the boarding house in case someone else picks up.”
“How's it going with the pills?” he asked.
“I don't think they're working,” she said. “They just make me want to throw up. But I haven't been feeling as sick as the first day. But I've still got five days to go.”
He frowned as he pictured her in his head. “So has anything happened at all?” he asked. “Apart from feeling sick?”
There was a pause and then she said, “There might have been.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh Gerald, I don't want to go into the details...”
“So something did happen then?”
“Maybe, I'm not sure,” she said hesitantly. “And even though I feel sick on the one hand I've also been feeling a lot more hungry lately.”
“Hungry?” Gerald said as he weighed up whether this was a significant development. It seemed to suggest that she was losing weight and her body was trying to compensate for this by making her want to eat. “Yeah, I think that's a good sign.”
“Do you really think so?”  she asked.
“Well, if you think something is happening and you're feeling different, not just sick, it means they might be working,” he said logically.
There was a silence for a couple of moments and then she said, “What are you doing now?”
“I am about to go into school,” he told her.
“Oh, do you have to?” she said in an enticing voice. “Don't you want to come and see me and fool around a bit?”
“What now?” he asked bemused by her remark.
“I don't mean right this minute,” she said. “I mean, can't you just skip classes this afternoon and come over and bring some beer?”
Gerald had intended on going to begin to surveil the chemistry lab, but he supposed he could do that the day after. The chemistry lab would still be there obviously. “Okay, but I'll have to ask you to refund me the money, for the beer that is.”
“You know I always do anyway,” she said. “Guess what I'm doing right now? I mean, guess what I'm wearing?”
“What?” he said. And then the phone went dead, and he didn't have any more change. But he knew what she meant. She was probably just lying in the nude on top of her bed. It was just the way she was. It was behaviour like that was bound to get her into more trouble.
He smiled to himself as he went back into his room. If he intended to go and see her then  it would be rather a waste of time going into classes. But uppermost in his mind was his need to ‘check out’ the chemistry lab. The question was, did it stock arsenic? Then again, as far as he was concerned, the jury was still out on the arsenic. 
It was just too obvious a chemical to use. The police now had procedures which would make them think of arsenic straight away. He really needed to do a bit more reading on his subject, not just act off the top of his head. More haste less speed is what his father used to say. If he intended to get away with his crime then he had to consider every eventuality.
Gerald used to be a chess player. When playing chess he had gotten into the habit of checking not only his available moves but the potential moves of his opponent. It was a good strategy. But did good chess players make efficient murderers?
And of course no one would ever know how many perfect crimes or murders had taken place because by definition they were perfect. They had not been discovered. There must be lots of them. In fact the world was such a big place that it was surely quite an easy matter to get away with crime? It was surely just a case of efficiently removing any incriminating evidence. 
From watching the movies he knew that this could be done. But he was also aware that Hollywood was under an obligation to show that crime did not pay. However, he was convinced that sometimes it did.
His father’s scepticism about the way things were, about how the system was set up, left room for doubt in his mind.


Chapter Four
When Gerald arrived with the beers at her apartment, he had a new bee in his bonnet. He had convinced himself that Florence had not been discreet and that she had probably told all and sundry about the pregnancy. And so he had to satisfy himself that this wasn't so.
Florence's apartment was on the first floor of a modern two storey building. She was looking out the window just wearing her robe as he approached. He had the beers and some more cigarettes in a paper carrier bag. She threw down the key and he let himself in and went up the stairwell to her relatively expensive apartment. She had left her door slightly ajar.
As he went in and closed the door, his gaze was met by the spectacle of Florence sitting completely nude on the sofa with her legs open. He stared down at her thighs but for some reason at that moment was not feeling sexually piqued. She had done this a little too often and it was no longer a novelty. In fact, he was far more interested in just talking to her about the current situation. What he did notice was that she didn't appear to be nauseous or unwell which made him wonder whether she was taking the pills. Also, strangely, there was not much sign of any lump forming in her stomach.
She opened her arms and giggled. “Come here baby!” 
He almost reluctantly came over to her, still holding the shopping bag and stood before her. She leaned forward and unzipped his trousers. But he wasn't quite in that frame of mind and so he quickly sat down next to her. 
She frowned. “Don't you want to fool around, hun?”
Suddenly he felt annoyed because she was not taking their mutual problem seriously. He looked down at her stomach again and could only then see that there was a lump forming.  It depended how she bent her body. Very soon it would be apparent to others.
“Did you take your pill this morning?” he asked in a humourless voice.
She slapped her legs with both hands. “Oh God, don't go on about it! Yes, yes I'm taking them!”
He nodded. “Good.”
“Don't be so boring!” she exclaimed. “Why do you have to be so boring all the time? And anyway, I might want to keep this baby!”
At these words he stood up. “Florence, you can't be serious! After everything we have discussed.”
“It's my body, the baby is being made inside me and if I want to keep it then I have the right to keep it. And you'll just have to marry me and that's the end of it!”
Gerald took the shopping bag into the kitchenette and dumped it on the table. He looked back at her. “So what are you saying? Are you saying that you're not taking the pills anymore? You need to tell me, you need to be honest. And you need to tell me who else you've told about this.”
Her mood became more sombre, and she grabbed her robe and put it on and came into the kitchenette. She stood staring at him. “I haven't told anyone, well practically no one.”
He turned. “So in other words you've told everyone? Well thanks a lot Florence, thanks for ruining my life!”
“I've only told one person,” she said. “And that's my best friend Philippa, and she's really happy for me.”
“Happy?” he said incredulously. “What you're telling me is, that you're not taking the pills anymore and you intend to have this baby and I don't know what else...”
“I just felt that... I was trying to murder a little innocent baby,” she said. “I'm a Catholic and my faith means a lot to me, and we don't believe in abortion.”
He suddenly grabbed her arms and shook her, and her robe fell open. He stared down at her nakedness. “I think I need to slap you again to wake you up! Don't you realise that we are in the twentieth century and that is all old fashioned thinking? It's... medieval thinking. The only reason why Catholics don't believe in abortion is because they want the faithful to multiply. At least this is what my dad reckons, anyhow. All you'll be doing is creating another Catholic because the church wants you to!”
“Because the church wants me too?” she repeated, apparently appalled at his choice of words. “We are talking about a living child here. How can you say such horrible things about our child, as if it doesn’t have feelings!” She pulled herself out of his grasp and did up her robe and strode into the bedroom.
He followed her and for a second had an impulse to punch her on the back of the head. “What have you said to Philippa then? What have you told her?”
Florence sat down heavily on the bed. “I don't want to talk about it anymore. I have made up my mind.”
“Florence, you need to tell me what you've said to her?” he demanded sitting next to her on the bed again. “Did you tell her straight out that you're pregnant?”
Florence looked down into her hands and nodded her head. “Yes, and she thinks it's wonderful.”
Gerald cradled his head in his hands for a second and then looked up at her. “Well, you know what's going to happen now. She's gonna tell everybody. And it's just a matter of time before your uncle finds out, and what's going to happen then?”
Florence shook her head. “I made her swear not to say anything to anyone and she's good like that. She won't tell a soul, I know she won't. And in any case, I really want you to marry me. If we didn't have the baby you wouldn't have to, and you probably wouldn't.”
He grabbed her and put his arms around her waist and kissed her on the cheek. “Florence, that simply isn't true! You know I love you and I want to marry you and I would do it whether you were pregnant or not. We just don't want to upset your uncle.”
“To be honest I don't care if we did upset my uncle,” she said with a slight shake of her head. “I don't want this decision to be made by him!”
“That's all very well, but if he is upset then you may not get your inheritance,” Gerald said in a reasonable voice. “We have already discussed this God knows how many times! We are going around in circles. It is driving me crazy! Why can’t you just do the sensible thing? When was the last time you took a pill? Was it this morning?”
“I was going to, but they make me feel so sick, and I keep getting hunger pains that are quite… painful,” she said.
She had told him this before, but then he was convinced that it implied some sort of weight loss going on. “Maybe you’re losing weight. When was the last time you weighed yourself?”
“Not for ages,” she said. “But I don't think I'm losing weight. I think I'm gaining it. Because I'm eating more.”
Gerald frowned. “So they're making you more hungry, and you're eating more and you're gaining weight? But what about the lump? Is it getting smaller?”
She patted her stomach. “No, I think it's getting bigger. A lot bigger! But actually I don’t think it’s the pills which are making me hungry, it’s because I’m pregnant! Simple as.”
He looked down at her lump again. “It doesn't look that big to me. But boy, I wish you hadn't told Phillipa. I mean, she may have promised not to tell anyone but how long will she keep to it?”
She took his hand. “Gerald, it doesn’t matter, let's not argue. I mean, if you want to marry me anyway, it doesn't matter that I'm pregnant. We’ll be having a child anyway! Won't we?”
Gerald didn’t reply. He just stared at the ceiling, his mind in a complete quandary.
*  *  * 
In the end they did make love on the bed, but Gerald put in an unenthusiastic and lacklustre performance. Florence was very conscious that something was amiss but didn't want to start another argument. She tried to direct the conversation away from the issues which concerned him. But she knew that they would still be banging on in his head.
She was right of course. Her decision to have the child was a game changer. It was in effect, he thought, the signing of her own death warrant. She was her own worst enemy.
They were supposed to be going out somewhere that evening. In fact, she liked to sit in eating houses as much as he did. It was nice to have a change of scene. Instead they just pigged out on cheese on toast and beer in front of the tv like the married couple she wanted them to be.
She sat in her bathrobe and he very untidily in his shirt and trousers, his belt loose. The glamour they represented when they were out in public was, for the moment, not immediately obvious. As he looked at her unmade-up face, he was aware as he always was of the slight blemishes on her skin. He realised how important makeup was to a woman's chances in the mating stakes. The face was so important, he thought. It really was a person’s calling card, and a lot of jobs were lost to the face which didn't fit.
If she had gone to an interview with her unmade up face, there was a chance that she wouldn’t get the job. But she was clearly aware of her own shortcomings in that area. When she was out in public she always looked perfect. She had clearly learned the art of disguise.
He was relatively lucky in that he had a good skin, inherited from his father who always bronzed nicely and easily. By contrast his mother would go red, and her nose would look more prominent after it had been toasted in the sun. Gerald was lucky in that genetically, he had inherited the best of both worlds. His father’s good physique and her looks.
Gerald had a fine toned body and didn't have to work or watch his diet. In fact, his diet seemed to consist exclusively of beer, cigarettes, hamburgers, hot dogs, all the junk food associated with America's fast way of life. In a way he was a product of it. And he liked it, he liked the culture that seemed to propel people like him to the top. And certainly his good looks would play a major part in his future rise to success.
It always struck him that the guys who made it to the very top jobs in the commercial sector were very often fine specimens of humanity. Whereby the real geniuses tended to end up in middle management, especially if they had unprepossessing physiognomies. So Gerald knew he was in with a good chance of getting where he wanted.
Towards the end of the evening, after watching too much tv, Gerald felt that he needed a break. Especially from this young woman, who quite frankly was irritating him more and more. The truth was, as he saw it, that she and he really didn't have a great deal in common. He liked to think of his mind as being wide and expansive but her’s appeared to be relatively diminutive, focusing on trivia. It bored the hell out of him.
She asked him to stay, but he had tired of her. He’d had he is full of her, and he found it wanting. As he left her apartment, he didn't feel like a lucky young man who had just bedded a pretty girl. He felt like a defeated man with a heavy chain around his ankle and he desperately wanted to remove it.
The weather had changed for the worse and it was drizzling slightly. But nature’s caress refreshed him. As he walked through the town towards his boarding house, he would from time to time tilt his face up and look at the new moon. He licked the rainfall which fell on his face and breathed in the cool air, which reinvigorated him. It also helped to clarify his mind about what he was going to do.
He checked his watch again and it was late, but he thought he might take a detour and walk through the high school campus. There was of course a chance that he might encounter the nightwatchman. If he did, he would simply say that he had dropped something earlier and had come to see if he could find it.
He doubled back and walked onto the campus towards the eerily silent large building which was in complete darkness. There were of course lamp posts on site which created little pockets of light here and there. But there was plenty of impenetrable shade. Trees were dotted everywhere, places where he could conceal himself if he did encounter the nightwatchman. Gerald decided not to walk down the main path to the building’s entrance but to dart in and out of the shadows on the campus grounds.
The chemistry lab was to the right of the front of the main building and that was in quite a shadowed area. The other thing of course was that if the nightwatchman was wandering around with a torch its flicker could be observed outside. And so as Gerald made his way to the side of the building, he kept his eyes glued to the windows. But there was no sign of anything or anyone inhabiting the school building. Gerald just knew the nightwatchman was sitting in his little cubbyhole, probably listening to the radio, drinking beer or reading the sports pages.
Gerald didn't think there had ever been a burglary of the premises. Certainly not during the time he had been at the high school. This meant that the night watchman’s guard was down. Gerald could try the windows of the chemistry lab to his heart’s content. When he found himself alongside the six large windows which faced out from the chemistry lab, he found that one was indeed open.
He had enough alcohol in his system to want to try and climb in. The problem was that the windows were nearly five feet from the ground. This made it difficult to heave himself up. He would need something to stand on to assist him. He was always aware that the windows were quite high up from the ground but had never really thought about them. As he was now here, he could see that the height they were was a natural deterrent to anyone thinking of breaking in.
He did make two attempts to gain some purchase on the windowsill, but it was awkward, and he scraped his knee on the wall. But that didn't matter. His theory about the lab windows being carelessly left open had been proven. The next time he would come prepared, perhaps with a small wooden orange box or something like that to stand on. Or perhaps there was something in the caretaker's shed like a step ladder.
Suddenly he saw a flicker of light which was sweeping around inside the building. It was the nightwatchman with his torch. Gerald crouched down and quickly left the scene. Whether the nightwatchman came into the lab and closed the window, he did not know. But something might have been alerted him to Gerald’s presence. 
However, Gerald was already halfway off campus feeling quite jubilant. Breaking into the lab would be a piece of cake, although the question was, will he find any lethal chemicals in its cupboards?
He eventually reached his boarding house, let himself in and went up to his room. He realised that he couldn't take another day off school. So he prepared himself for bed, ready to get up in the morning and go to his normal classes. 
But he would also spend a little time each day surveying the premises of the high school to see what he could discover. Time was running out, the lump in Florence’s belly was apparently getting bigger, or so he believed. 
He would make a point of walking past the lab and looking in and locating where the cupboards or storeroom were within its confines. But he knew that there were two smaller doors in the lab, and one surely had to be a cupboard. It was likely to be locked and so even if he did break in,  it would still pose a slight challenge.
With these thoughts, he climbed into bed, grabbed the little toxicology handbook and sat up reading another couple of pages. The issue of dosages was a little vague he thought. Exactly how much arsenic would be required to carry out his intentions, wasn’t clear. He did learn that it usually came in powder form. But whether this could be mixed into a drink, he did not know for sure. He also had no idea what it would taste like.
*  *  *
As Gerald went about his everyday business, he knew that he had some priorities to attend to. For one, he was anxious to know how much Philippa knew about their predicament. From experience he was aware that Florence was a bit of a white liar. In fact, she was worse than that, she was a habitual liar but didn't seem to realise the degree to which she was. So he couldn’t really trust her discretion.
Then again on reflection, he was also a liar and so was probably everyone he knew at school. Even the Dean was not above the odd white lie. It seemed that the human race found it hard to admit things even to itself. So Gerald realised that he needed to make certain enquiries himself to be absolutely sure of where he stood.
In terms of his plan, he already knew that he was behind schedule. If the lump in Florence’s belly got any bigger, it will be so obvious that it couldn't be denied. So that gave him a limited window of opportunity to carry out his plan. He figured that at most he had two weeks, because once a foetus started to develop it would just suddenly sprout up.
It was not useful that Philippa did not attend the school, but he knew where she hung out. As she was friendly, talking to her would not be a problem. He knew that she attended a little dance academy and had taken on a supervisory role on Saturday.
She didn't have to work, as like Florence she was one of the fortunate ones in the community. But she was a gregarious young woman and enjoyed being around people. Saturday was still a few days away, so he decided he would wait until then, and then just casually bump into her. Once again that would also be quite easy as she would take a cigarette break and sit on a wall outside the academy at lunchtime.
Operationally speaking, acquiring some arsenic was his main priority. He had heard, on talking to friends, that there were two other quite innocent medicines he could use instead of arsenic. When mixed together they would produce a lethal reaction. Both were non- prescription medicines. One was for constipation and the other for diarrhoea. By mixing the two, so he was told, they could play havoc with the gastric region and even cause death. But a certain amount of pain would be involved. Also, there was no guarantee of a result. However, it seemed unlikely to him that a couple of non-prescription medicines could wreak such dire consequences.
It was just that he was uncomfortable with the idea of arsenic. It appeared to be on the top of every would-be-poisoner’s list of potential chemicals to use. It would be the first thing, probably, that the police would suspect. And apparently it was quite easy to be detected although Gerald had no idea exactly how they did it. Obviously, blood samples would be taken from a victim, and as he already knew, it often accumulated in the hair.
The little handbook on toxicology did list other handy chemicals that he could use, and he had written them down. In fact, he had been giving them some thought as possible alternatives. But they appeared not to be widely available. Certainly, they would serve no purpose in a high school laboratory which was focused on a limited educational syllabus.
As he sat in his class, trying to follow what the teacher was saying, he decided to definitely throw his lot in with the arsenic. That is, if it could be found in the school lab. He was so anxious about it, that he decided to try and break into the lab that very evening. Obviously, it could not be done during the morning or afternoon and had to be later on. 
There would be some extramural activities going on such as basketball, the chess club, judo and so on which took place after school. But around about eight o'clock, the high school would be deserted. Save of course for the night watchman doing his rounds.
It appeared that the chemistry lab windows were definitely not always closed, and so that was one good thing. But he would need something to stand on to climb in. He thought that during lunchtime he would mosey around the caretaker’s area and look for something to use. The caretaker’s domain comprised of a couple of sheds at the back of the high school. Sometimes, Gerald had observed that the sheds were unpadlocked and left unattended. And so security there on the whole was also just a little bit lax, he thought.
When the bell for lunch went, he packed away his papers and books and went out onto the campus grounds. For some reason Florence had not come in today, but this didn’t worry him. It was typical of her. He made a slow casual arc around to the back of the building. As always there were students sitting on the lawns eating their sandwiches; not all students went into the refectory.
Trying to appear as casual as he could, he found himself standing opposite one of the sheds, which on this occasion was padlocked. This annoyed him and made him think that perhaps fate was contriving to thwart his plans. But then, there was a ray of hope when he examined the junk leaning against the side of the shed. 
He was hoping to find a small step ladder but instead found a discarded and very rusty metal chair. Gerald had the idea that the caretaker sometimes sat on it, because there were signs of cigarette butts scattered around it. It was ideal for his purposes, and so he could come back in the evening and grab this chair. Then go round to the outside of the chemistry lab and stand on it. 
Making sure nobody was observing him, he lifted up the chair and found that it was quite lightweight. And so this was now the second rung of his plan in place. He still had two other problems. Finding the key to the lab’s stockroom, which was bound to be in the teacher’s desk. And then locating the chemicals that he needed in the cupboard or stockroom, whatever it turned out to be. But it was almost a done deal, he was sure.
Feeling quite pleased with himself, he wandered back into the school building. He made his way to the lunchroom to grab something to eat before lessons resumed. Going to the servery, he ordered a meat pasty and a coffee. He barely had enough money to pay for it.
Of course, with Florence dead, his money supply would also dry up quite dramatically. Apart from that, he had two sources of income, and was applying for a third. His parents sent him some money; he worked on Saturdays in a local restaurant; and he might be eligible for a small grant. But the grant was contingent on the Dean agreeing that he was entitled to it. But for some reason the Dean was dragging her feet on the issue. The bitch!
He supposed that was because he always looked so neat and tidy. He didn't appear to be impoverished. He always made a point of brushing his shoes, for one. Perhaps if he attended school looking a bit more shoddy or scruffy, it might persuade her to make a positive recommendation for him.
He sat in the lunchroom eating his pasty and ogling the bottom of a girl who was bending over at a nearby table. He did this all the time as did most of his fellow male students. But his mind roamed and he wasn’t thinking about sex at this particular moment. Instead, it was amusing him to think of poisoning the Dean as well. She seemed to be one of these women who did not want to give the impression that she was attracted to the better-looking male students. Even if she played it down.
But it was true, that a form of discrimination took place at the school, and was quite insidious.
However, Gerald was quite used to female members of staff being sweet on him. One seemed to habitually display herself to him whilst pretending that it was accidental. Mrs McGivern was a forty-year old maths teacher and she was certainly sweet on him. Sometimes he would look up and see her leaning over her desk, as if her breasts were about to fall out. 
Gerald was one of the top students in her class and he was naturally good at maths, as was his father. And so her being especially nice towards him could be construed as merely the natural reaction of a teacher to a promising student. But Gerald knew that it was more than that in her case. He had no doubt in his mind that she was attracted to him. He knew he had personal magnetism, and he was convinced it would get him far.


Chapter Five
He went about his normal school day and then suddenly found himself losing his motivation. But he put that down to simply thinking too much. He knew that in his case he could overdo it. And he had been straining his cerebral muscles more than normal.
He couldn't quite get round the conflicted thoughts that kept arising. But the question of morality didn't come into it very much. And his coldness towards Florence didn't surprise him. This was mainly because he was thinking of the problem as a chess problem.
It was probably how generals thought in theatres of war. They knew that there would be casualties, but they would factor those into their decisions. There would be deaths, but the numbers could be mitigated with careful planning. 
This is how he viewed the situation, that it simply required a logical and strategic approach. It was no less evil than a government making the decision to take a whole country to war. Who was more evil he wondered? The lone criminal who targeted one person? Or a politician who felt that it was in a country’s interest to engage another country in conflict with all its thousands of casualties?
In his mind the situation was like that. And would the world get by without Florence? Would she really be mourned by her parents, who were always seemingly absent anyway? Did they really care? And what about Florence's uncle Damian? Did he have some other agenda regarding her?
It's strange how the mind will conjure excuses for itself, he thought. But frankly he was tired of going over and over it. He felt like a trapped animal which knew it had to survive. And as he had already concluded, running away and starting over somewhere else simply wasn't viable. The reason why people didn't leave an abusive relationship was simply because they couldn't afford to. Sometimes they didn't have parents to run home to either. He was in the same boat, he felt.
Gerald had earlier made up his mind that he would at least attempt to climb into the lab just to see if it could be done. He chided himself for changing his mind about doing it today. However, the important thing was that he had taken another step towards his objective. He had surveilled the lab from the outside and had located a chair that he could use. The very next step, therefore, was to find an open window and climb into the building. But Rome was not built in a day, and he knew that really this should be a job for tomorrow or the day after.
He did feel that he would like to have the answers to some essential questions first. He knew that he might be making excuses to put off the break in. But he was not really a procrastinator by nature. 
He told himself that once he found out the answers to at least two of his conundrum's then he would go ahead. He would lay siege to the chemistry lab. It did occur to him that perhaps, if he did find an open window, he could climb in and hunt for the keys to the stockroom first. Then take them away and have them copied so that he would have a set. But the obvious objection to this was that it might cause some consternation at the school.
He decided to play it by ear and cross that particular bridge when he came to it. Meanwhile, he just had to know what Philippa knew about his situation. Also, he needed to know how much arsenic would be required, as his handy little toxicology handbook didn't tell him. Perhaps that kind of information was not deemed safe to publish at large. He could, of course, go back to the public library and try and look it up in one of the big encyclopaedias. Or he could just boldly walk into one of the local pharmacies and give them some story which would elicit the information.
Perhaps he could say that his mother had a rat infestation and found that the normal rat poison wasn't working. So perhaps she could use something else like arsenic. He could make it appear like a legitimate question to get the pharmacist on the subject of arsenic. Then he could ask about quantities and perhaps the pharmacist would tell him what he wanted to know.
He did not see Florence that day and just supposed that she was still reacting to the pills he had given her. Then as he was coming out of the main school building and walking through the campus, he wondered if perhaps she had died. It was practically a wishful thought. He knew that this was possible, even with medication prescribed by his friendly doctor. 
Gerald had not seen or communicated with Florence in a good number of hours. Despite wanting to have the baby, it was possible there was enough medicine in her system to have already achieved the objective. As he had these thoughts, he felt a sense of elation at the possibility that the medicine might have killed her, as unlikely as this was. It was a mad thought really, but it lay within the realm of possibility.
So the first thing he did was, instead of going back to the boarding house, to proceed to her apartment. As soon as he got there he rang the buzzer but there was no answer. It was interesting that she had not come into school, although not uncommon. He took a step back on the sidewalk and looked up at her windows and saw that they were all closed.
He rang her buzzer again and still there was no answer. Of course being the gregarious girl she was and an active one, probably she was out. Probably she had gone on an errand of some kind, and he was getting excited over nothing. But before leaving he went round to the back of the property where the fire escape was which reached up to the second floor.
He then walked up the wooden steps which led directly to a wooden landing next to a rear window looking into her apartment. It was possible to look in and see the bedroom. But people generally didn't use the steps. There was also a door leading from the fire escape into her apartment. Sometimes they would sit out on the ‘scape smoking and drinking.
When he had climbed to the top, he looked into the apartment through the window but found that it was very dark. There were clearly no signs of life. He was able to see the bed in the bedroom, but it was all nicely made up. It suggested that she had risen early and had gone out. He felt a slight twinge of jealousy that she was out with somebody and didn't tell him about it. But then her nature was a rather secretive one.
Just as he was about to turn away and leave, he thought he would try the door anyway. To his surprise, he found that it was open. He quickly entered the apartment, closing the door and looked around. He found it spick and span which only told him that she was perfectly alright. She was clearly off out somewhere and hadn't bothered to go into school.
He went and checked her bedside cupboard and pulled open the draw, looking for the pills that he had given her. But they weren't there, and so he went into the kitchenette. He immediately found the box sitting on the worktop next to the coffee and sugar. Quickly opening the box, he saw that she had not been keeping to the dosages. In fact, she had only taken two pills when she should have been on the sixth or seventh pill.
He clenched his fists, feeling anger towards her. She had lied to him, and she was clearly trying to force his hand, force him to marry her. He threw the box back down onto the worktop in disgust. He then had the idea to go through the kitchen cupboards to see what other medicine she had. It occurred to him that all he had to do was get hold of the arsenic and simply mix it in with her food.
But if he did that it might affect somebody else and so that idea was a nonstarter. The logical thing to do was obviously to mix it in with her other ordinary everyday medicines in the bathroom cabinet. He knew this from the countless times he'd been in her bathroom and had opened the cupboard which had a mirror on it. They were the usual range of patent medicines, including aspirin, a concoction for colic, and various creams and unguents and preparations for female problems.
He astounded himself for not thinking about it before. These would be the perfect vehicle for him to administer the poison. All he had to do was bring the arsenic when he next visited her. Then go to the bathroom and somehow mix it in with what she already had in the bathroom cupboard. Genius! Before he left, he stole a five dollar bill which he found lying in one of her kitchen drawers.
*  *  *
Gerald was not above chiding himself. He did it again because he knew he was way behind the schedule he had set up for himself. Probably the easiest of the two jobs he had lined up was to interrogate Philippa to find out what she knew. But he didn't want to wait until Saturday. 
Impatience led him to go and hover in the vicinity of Phillipa’s home which she knew was on McKinley Street. It was just a few blocks away although he wasn't sure precisely where she lived.
He was tempted just to wander down the street and see if he could bump into her. But she was unlikely to be loitering on the street as girls stopped doing that when they got to a certain age. What he did was just stroll down one side of the street with the intention of doubling back on the opposite side. With any luck he would get a clue as to where she lived, her surname being Wodden, which he might see on a mailbox.
But he had no such luck and wasted a good half an hour wandering around and trying to see into the windows of people’s houses. Just as he was about to give up, a green Hewlett Packard drove by with two young people sitting in the front. One could possibly have been Philippa except the hair look different.
Gerald hesitated on the sidewalk watching the car and noting that it pulled up about a hundred yards down the street opposite a house. The young woman got out and the car drove off. Gerald stared at her profile and was quite certain it was Philippa and quickly caught up with her. 
When he did, he realised that it wasn't her. She was already halfway up the front garden path of the house, but she saw  him approaching her and paused momentarily.
“Sorry!” he said in a friendly voice. “I thought you were someone else. I'm looking for a Philippa Wodden.”
“Yeah, I know Philippa,” the attractive young woman said pointing across the road. “She lives at 4137, over there, the green door.”
He swivelled around on the balls of his feet and glanced across the road. “Thanks.”
“No problem,” the young woman said continuing up the path and around the side of the house.
Gerald had immediately forgotten the number she had given him and then recalled it when he crossed over the road. Philippa lived in quite an impressive property even though the road was very ordinary by most standards. Standing on the sidewalk, he positioned himself opposite the front door of the property. He wondered whether he should knock and ask to speak to her. 
No doubt she would have been surprised to see him. But he would say that he was concerned that Florence wasn't well or something like that. Gerald had the gift of being able to make things up on the spot. He knew that words would just come to him; he was articulate in that way.
Throwing caution to the winds, and it was only a small gamble anyway, he went down the path and knocked on the quite imposing green door. It was convenient that Philippa herself answered it and looked at him with surprise.
“Gerald, what are you doing here?” she said. She was dressed in white slacks. Her blonde hair was in a ponytail as if she had just been lying on her bed listening to music or something.
“Oh hi, sorry to be a pain, but I wanted to talk to you,” he said in a humble voice.
Philippa nodded her head. “Okay. Did Florence tell you where I lived?”
“Yes as a matter of fact,” he replied lying smoothly.
Philippa stepped onto the porch and closed the front door partially behind her. “What's up?”
Gerald looked cautiously toward the door and lowered his voice. “It's just that I've been worried about Florence lately. But please don't tell her I've come here to talk to you. This is just between you and me.”
Philippa took a step toward him and then walked down towards the mailbox which was on the sidewalk. “Let's talk down here so no one can hear us.”
Gerald, who was good at detecting these things, immediately felt that she had quite an attraction for him. It explained her friendliness in the past. He followed her down to the mailbox where she hovered and adjusted her hair slightly. 
“Nice house,” he said conversationally.
“It is. So what gives daddio?” she said with a smile.
Gerald looked again towards the house, but nobody seemed to be observing them. “Who's in? Your mom?”
“No, my little brother,” she replied. “My mom doesn't get in until later. So what do you want to talk to me about?”
Gerald stared down at his shoes, which as always, were brilliantly polished and were a good calling card. But he wanted to speak to her in such a way as to not give her any clues as to the real reason he was there. “Did Florence talk to you about anything? I mean, did she tell you anything about our plans?”
She stared at him. “Well I know you two might get hitched.”
“What else did she tell you?” he asked.
“Like about what?” she queried.
Gerald simply wanted to ascertain whether she knew that Florence was nearly three months gone with child. But she wasn't giving anything away any more than he was. “I mean, she didn't say that we had to get married or anything like that, did she?”
Philippa frowned. “Well, she did make me swear not to say anything. But I guess it will be alright to tell you...”
“Tell me what?” Gerald said as a feeling of dread descended on him.
Philippa came up very close to him and he could see down her quite revealing top. He felt a slide twinge off prurience as he stood near her, taking in her fragrant body aroma. She was looking up into his eyes with her lips slightly pouted. He suddenly had the ridiculous notion that he would like to kiss her. But he only knew her as a casual acquaintance and of course it would be outrageous if he attempted anything like that right now.
“What did she make you swear not to say?” he said.
As close as she was to him, she moved even closer until her thigh was virtually touching his. He felt a thrill in his gonads, and he moved towards her, his thigh now touching hers.
“Promise you won't tell her that I've told you?” she said.
“This is just between you and me,” he replied staring at the top of her bra which was showing slightly.
She could see what he was looking at, and she adjusted her top almost provocatively, or perhaps this was a defensive move. “She told me that you got her pregnant!”
These bald words were shocking for Gerald to hear. They could easily have been heard back in the house, as her voice was now slightly raised. 
“Shh, keep your voice down please,”  he said.
“Sorry,” she replied not appearing sorry at all.
“I see,” he said glumly. “So you know all about it then?” 
“Everybody knows about it,” she told him. “So now you've got to marry her. You are, aren't you?”
“Everybody?” he repeated incredulously.
“Yup!”
This revelation was a shock for him to hear, and he stood motionlessly on the sidewalk as he tried to take it in without appearing affected. He didn't want to give the impression that what she had said disturbed him. “Yes we are planning to get married. But we don't have to. Because, see, she's not actually pregnant. This is what I wanted to talk to you about. She keeps imagining things which are not true and it's worrying me.”
She gaped at him. “What do you mean, she’s not pregnant? I've even touched the bump myself!”
Gerald smiled like a man who knew better than the person he was speaking to. “It's what they call... a phantom pregnancy.”
Philippa stared up the street at an approaching truck. It drove past quite noisily. “Are you sure? I mean has she had a check-up?” she asked.
“Yes,” he replied lying fluently. It was not a problem to lie to her as she was an irrelevance in his life. Even if she brought the subject up with Florence herself it wouldn't matter. Gerald would just say that Philippa had got hold of the wrong stick and that he was talking about his mother when she was first pregnant. Gerald was good at mixing things up, confusing people, creating a dissembling narrative.
“So what is it then? I mean what is that lump?” Philippa  asked with genuine curiosity.
For a second, a lie didn't naturally come to his lips and then he said, “It could be fat it could be… air...”
“What did the doctor say?” Philippa asked.
“What he said was shocking,” Gerald replied. “But I don't think I should be telling you about it. And I wouldn't want you to talk to her about this as it's quite a sad thing really. Florence so desperately wants to be pregnant and marry me that this has happened.”
Phillipa’s face was perfectly serious and then she laughed and slapped him on the arm. “You're just kidding me aren't you! I know what you guys are like!”
“I swear on my mother’s life that I am telling you the truth,” he said holding up his hand like a boy scout.
Philippa dropped her eyes. “So what's going to happen then? I mean what do they do when this sort of thing happens?”
“Oh, they have all kinds of treatment,” he said trying to think of something convincing. “Mostly I believe it will just go away on its own. It's psychological. You know what psychological means don't you?”
She nodded. “Of course I do. Do you mean to say that she's... a little bit crazy?”
“I guess that's what I'm trying to say,” he replied realising that she had given him a lifeline. “I mean, I think the doctor said that she needs plenty of rest and she doesn't need to do things which tire her out like too much socialising.”
“Okay,” she said.
He stared at her wondering if she really had got the message. This did not take away from the fact that according to Philippa, everybody knew, and he wondered who this included. If everybody knew, then surely it was just a matter of time before her parents found out. And then her uncle and God knows who else. “And please, don't tell her that I saw you.”
She looked into his face and smiled slightly. “I won't. But I don't mind, you can come and see me whenever you want if you want to talk some more.”
He stared back at her. “Really?”
“Maybe we can go for a soda,” she suggested.
“Soda? If we're going to do anything we're going to go for a beer!” he replied giving her a friendly tap on the arm
“Anytime!” she replied but with a bit too much enthusiasm.
He studied her. He was surprised at how pushy she was. Perhaps, he thought, she was slightly off her rocker herself. And he was convinced that she had a big mouth. If he did sneak down to her house it wouldn't take Florence long to find out about it. It was not a good idea.
“I guess I better get going,” he said making a move.
She seemed reluctant for him to go. “You live in that boarding house don't you?”
“It's only temporary,” he said.
“And you work behind the bar at that foreign restaurant?” she asked.
“Yeah, but not so much now, I’ve been partially laid off, although I do a bit of waiting at tables,” he replied now feeling that he wanted to get away. “Well, I'll be seeing you.” He smiled and then walked swiftly away in the direction from where he'd come. After about twenty yards he looked back and saw her still standing by the mailbox looking at him. He then knew for sure that she would be an easy conquest, although he had to be careful.

Chapter Six 
Gerald liked being around young women as they lifted his mood, although as soon as he got back to his boarding house a gloom set in. If what Philippa had said was true, then Florence had not been discreet at all. It should have put him off the idea of going ahead with his extreme plan. At least he knew that potentially there could be more problems ahead.
As people tended to be very suspicious minded, if Florence did drop down dead he was bound to be implicated in some way. After all, they would think he was the bastard who had given her a child. And he didn't have the decency to marry her. He would be hounded.
But the lump in her belly was not entirely prominent. People could look at her and not have the slightest idea that she was pregnant and so he still had time on his side. Also, he no longer had an excuse to put off breaking into the chemistry lab. He realised that he had been procrastinating.  
He sat on the bed in his boarding house swigging from a bottle of beer. He suddenly made the decision to go out tonight and ‘case’ the chemistry lab. He would do it with a view to actually breaking-in and looking for those stockroom keys. Then possibly even doing the whole job, searching the stockroom for the poison. Possibly do the entire thing tonight.
 This he knew he had to do soon, otherwise his courage would wane. And the beer was egging him on, giving him the Dutch courage he needed. Because the more he talked and thought and fretted about the situation, the more reluctant he was to do anything about it.
In fact, going full circle yet again, what was really wrong with the idea of just marrying her? What was wrong with the idea of just letting her have the child? It might incur a little bit of wrath from the relatives, but then he would prove he was a good man. 
Why did he have to be so perverse? Of course, the answer to that was that his freedom was at stake. And he was too young to settle down and play the doting husband. He was conscious that too many men who had done that, were not apparently living great lives. It was all about responsibility, holding down a job, not doing what you wanted to do, being regulated by others. And then having your wife lose respect for you. 
Why, he wondered were women so easy to show their contempt for their partner just after a few short years?  To him the whole scenario appeared to be a nightmare. In his circle of friends, all the young men were expressing the same sentiments. That in this modern age a man didn't necessarily have to conform.
 He didn't need to produce offspring to preserve his name for posterity. Nobody really cared anyway. Gerald was convinced that this was a false priority. And already he felt that he had seen through Florence. It was very likely that she would pull rank on him and get her uncle and parents against him. Some women were malicious like that, as were some men of course and they could drive you to suicide.
Gerald closed his eyes tiredly as his thoughts were becoming more and more chaotic, with just a smattering of realistic logic running through them. He knew that it was possible to get carried away by believing in all sorts of nonsense. Some scenarios were just not going to happen.
Probably, if Florence did have a child, her family would just accept it. Pressure would then be put on her uncle Damian to give him employment. Now that was something that he hadn't considered. Obviously, her uncle could do that with a snap of his fingers. Wouldn't he want his niece to have a prosperous life even if he didn't necessarily approve of Gerald? As much as Gerald would feel cornered, her uncle Damian would feel equally so. In fact, from the way Florence spoke about her uncle, she had him around her little finger and he would acquiesce to anything.
These new thoughts temporarily stopped him in his tracks. At the same time he was suspicious that his brain was playing tricks on him. It was trying to put him off going to the school that evening and breaking into the chemistry lab. Perhaps the beer was making him lazy. His mind should be on his side, he declared to himself. It just felt that everything and everyone including his own imagination was pitted against him.
Well, he wasn't going to succumb. He needed to prove to himself that he had the guts to carry out his plan at least partially. Even if he just broke into the chemistry lab and got some arsenic and didn't do anything with it, at least he had proved something. He had proved that he wasn't completely powerless because that's how he was feeling at the moment.
Clenching his fists and feeling a little drunk, he hunted in his wardrobe for some sort of jacket and that cap he knew he had. At the very least he could attempt to do this in a professional manner and disguise himself. It was very possible that someone just might look out of a window and see him on school grounds.
After sorting through his very disorganised wardrobe, he found an old fishing hat which he practically never wore and had no real shape to it. It was something you could just put on your head to keep off the rain, and it could be pulled over the eyes which was a good thing. He also found an old black jacket which had belonged to his father which seemed to fit him and had been passed down to him. 
Of course, Gerald had no intention of ever wearing it in polite society because it was a hand-me-down. Though here was the opportunity to make it pay for itself. Even though the evening was relatively warm he decided to put on a scarf as well.
He then went into the bathroom and looked at himself in the small mirror and was convinced that nobody would recognise him. He was usually always well turned out, but now he just looked like a scruffy bum. There was now absolutely no reason not to go to the school and at least attempt the deed. There were no excuses. No, he was going to do it, now!
*  *  *
Within twenty minutes, Gerald found himself dragging the caretaker’s old chair at the back of the school building towards the chemistry lab windows. Of course he had first checked to see if there was any sign of life in the building. But it appeared deserted. However, he knew this really wasn't the case. He was quite certain that the nightwatchman was there and had probably done one of his rounds of the building.
Still a little bit tipsy but rapidly becoming sober, Gerald placed the old metal chair by the wall of the school building. He then did a quick survey of the chemistry lab windows. There had to be one partially open, surely. It was just his luck that they were all shut and wouldn't budge when he attempted to prise one open. Perhaps his little excursion of the other night had prompted the nightwatchman to report that there was a window open in the lab. 
So now they were all firmly closed. He had two choices, either he could come back another day like tomorrow or he could try and make a little hole in one of the windows. He could then put his finger in and push open the casement window stay and climb in. 
He stood staring at his reflection of the top of his head in the high up windows. To literally break in he would have to stand on the chair, but it was a question of noise. Glass is notoriously noisy if tapped or shattered and it could easily be heard all over the campus. For a moment he felt that he was being compelled to forget it for this evening.
He then had the idea that during school hours he could go into the chemistry lab and then sneakily just leave a window slightly open. Though, as chemistry was not one of his subjects if anyone spotted him they could report him. 
In his frustration he bunched up his fists. He then just picked up a stone which was sticking out of the flower bed near the wall and just threw it back on the ground again. He badly wanted to throw it through the window and almost found it hard to restrain himself.
 It was then that he noticed a tiny fissure in one of the windows at the end of the row. It was just a tiny crack which could be enlarged. It was partially obscured by the bush which was growing along its left hand side.
When he went to examine it and prodded it with his fingers, he found that it was quite solid and was only a superficial crack. It was not deep enough to allow him to remove a shard of glass. 
There was no doubt that he would have to come in tomorrow and go into the lab and open a window himself. To be honest, he felt slightly relieved that he was being compelled to postpone his actions. He quickly dragged the metal chair back to the caretaker’s shed and then retreated from the scene doing his best to stay in the shadows.
When he got back to the boarding house he found that the outer front door of the main building had been locked from the inside. Sometimes the landlady did that after ten pm for reasons of security. It was very annoying. 
Instead of banging on the door and disturbing her, he knew that he could get in around the side of the house. There was a downstairs lavatory window which he’d had to climb in before on another occasion. Fortunately, the window although small, could just about accommodate his body width and he awkwardly clambered in, standing on the toilet throne. In the process he painfully banged the side of his head on the toilet cistern.
By the time he reached his room, he had sobered up completely. He was quite surprised at his own temerity. Almost amazed that he had actually gone out with the intention of breaking into the school. Seen from the perspective of being half sober he thought he had definitely taken a risk. Next time he determined, he would go out in a clearer state of mind. The issue was so serious that he couldn't afford to mess up.
He quickly undressed and crawled into bed feeling that he had physically over-exerted himself. Tomorrow he was determined to pay a visit to the chemistry lab somehow, although it always seemed to be occupied. And he would find a way to open one of the windows slightly and then go back in the evening and climb in. He was determined to.
But if he believed in fate, then surely all the signs were telling him not to do it. As he kept telling himself, he still had the option of not harming Florence. Of just subjecting himself to her wishes. The thought that her uncle actually might be an asset as opposed to being his enemy was something that was starting to grow in his mind. And was it such a bad thing to play happy families at such a young age? It was a hard question to answer as it was impossible to know how things would play out in the future.
It would certainly be the easier of the two options that he had presented himself with. If he didn't really think about this carefully enough, he could end up in prison. He could wind up facing the gas chamber. So was it worth taking this risk?
As he fell asleep he found himself almost wishing that he had never become a student at the damn high school in the first place. But it had such a good reputation and was an excellent springboard for getting into a better class of university. That was why he had enrolled in the first place. Of course he had to take a test which he had passed with flying colours. However, he knew he was superior student material and technically his future should be very bright indeed.
*  *  *
The next day Gerald bumped into Florence in the sociology class which they shared. She seemed disturbed about something and didn't sit next to him as she usually did. This told him that she was clearly upset about something, and probably more particularly with him.
When the class was over he went up to her, his books and papers under his arm. “Hey, you okay? You seem a bit down or something.”
“Why did you break into my apartment?” she asked glaring into his eyes.
He frowned and then realised that someone must have spotted him and so he thought best not to deny it. “I didn't break in, I just came to see you and the fire escape door was open. So I came in to use the jon.”
“And you took some money didn't you?”
Once again he knew he couldn't deny it. “Yes I borrowed five dollars. Why do you have a problem with that? I'll give it back to you right now if you want.” He thrust his hand into his pocket, but this was just a bluff.
She stopped him. “Look, you know I don't care about the money.”
“And may I remind you, we're about to get married,” he said interrupting her in a tone which suggested that she shouldn't be questioning him. “What’s yours is mine etc!”
She walked towards the classroom door and out into the general vestibule with all the other students. He walked beside her. 
“It’s just that I don't like being checked up on like that,” she replied. “If I came to your room and you weren't there, I wouldn't just walk in. I would have some respect.”
“Who told you I came in anyhow?”
“Mrs Zander who lives in the apartment just across the green,” she informed him. “She was just taking Bertram for a walk, and she spotted you going up the fire escape.”
“Bertram? What kind of a name is that for a pooch?” he said trying to lighten up the mood.
“Don't make a joke out of this, I was quite upset,” she said. ‘And you didn’t bother to phone me and tell me.’
“Jesus, okay, I'm sorry, I won't do it again! But I was just worried about you, that’s all. I mean, you are taking those quite… toxic pills, and I wondered if you were okay.”
“Toxic? What do you mean by toxic?” she said in alarm.
“Florence, keep your voice down. You know they're toxic, what else can they be?”
She seemed unsure. “I didn't really think of them like that. Anyhow, I don't think I will finish the course. To be honest I want to have the child, I want us to have a life together. I want you to get your qualifications and go and have a career and look after us, me and the baby. I want us to have a proper family life.”
He knitted his brows. “Are you going to be happy while I'm out all day long?”
She took his arm and led him into an area to avoid bumping into other students. “Well, see, I was thinking. Why does it have to be New York? Why do you need to have some fancy job a long way away, when my uncle can give you one just like that? If you got a good law degree, pass the bar exam and all that, then he would really help you. And you'd really be helping him, because he's always complaining about blood sucking lawyers!”
He looked at her slightly aghast. “Then I'll be working for him, and I wouldn't be independent. And my life wouldn't be my own. I thought we could move to New York and getaway from this hick town. We talked about this God knows how many times.”
She narrowed her eyes. “But New York is such a long way away, and there's all that traffic, and it's dangerous. People get killed there.”
“Florence, we have already discussed and agreed this,” he said sounding as if he was explaining something to a child. “It’s a great place, you’d love it there.”
“But I don't think I would. I would be really cut off from my family.”
“But your parents are never at home anyway! They're always abroad. I mean, where are they now?” he said.
“In Zanzibar.”
Gerald frowned and shook his head. “What the hell are they doing in Zanzibar?”
“Does it matter? Look, I've got to get to my next class, we’ll talk afterwards,” she said.
“Florence, please don't make this so hard for me,” he said almost pleadingly. “We've discussed this in detail. I'm gonna pass that bar exam in six years’ time, maybe less, and we're going to New York. And the last thing I want to be is some lackey for your uncle. I don't even know him properly.”
“Well, I thought about that, and I've arranged something,” she said.
“Really? What?” he asked. He suddenly reached down and touched her stomach. “It’s getting bigger I think! But don't tell me, you're going to invite me to dinner at your parent’s house and I'm gonna meet your uncle.”
“How did you guess? You’ve got to meet him one day!” she replied as she began to move away to her class.
“And what are we gonna talk about? The baby, I suppose?” he said.
She cast him a withering look. “We'll speak later we can't talk here!”
Gerald stood there as if his feet were nailed to the floor, almost feeling like a man who was about to be crucified. If anything had made up his mind absolutely that he had to carry out the plan, it was this conversation. Already, she was reneging on their arrangements. And on top of that, she'd had the audacity to complain when he went into her apartment. What was that about? It just showed that she could turn on him just like that. And he didn’t like her tone of voice either.
He actually had a history class next which he was tempted to miss. He really wanted to carry out his main mission of the day which was to open one of the chemistry lab windows ready for tonight. When he walked around the inner quadrangle of the school to the lab, he saw that three of the six lab windows were already open. There was also the beginnings of a class in session. Students stared back at him through the glass door. He moved on.
He realised that the windows were open because it was quite a warm day. But there was every chance that they would be closed at the end of classes. The only thing to do in these circumstances was just to keep checking every evening to see whether a window had been left open. There didn't seem to be anything else he could do for the moment.
He decided that he wouldn't do anymore classes that day and would make up for them by doing extra homework. So he took a walk to the pharmacy in the small town’s centre. He really urgently needed to know how much arsenic would be needed to kill somebody. In his mind he judged that a woman wouldn't need as much as a man. Exactly how much that was he didn't know. The little book in his room didn’t advise.
His intention was to have an oblique conversation with the pharmacist giving the impression his mother had an infestation problem. He casually strolled over to the drugstore which took him no time at all. Fortunately, it was empty and there was just Mr Taggart there with his assistant, who was mopping the floor. Gerald went into the store conscious that he didn't have any money to buy anything to carry off his bluff. But he would simply say he would come in again later.
Entering the store, he pretended to be looking for something. Mr Taggart, a middle aged balding man wearing white overalls looked at him from behind the counter. He raised his eyebrows enquiringly. “You ok there, young man?”
Gerald immediately went into acting mode. “My mom has got rats and mice and she needs something to get rid of them. The stuff she bought from the drugstore near her isn’t working.”
Mr Taggart nodded and reached for a box behind him which was on a shelf. “Vermqol, the best de-infester there is,’ he said.
Gerald glanced at the box which the druggist had put on the counter. “That's the stuff my mom bought, and it doesn't work at all.”
The druggist frowned at this. “Well that's mighty strange. This is the best stuff on the market for vermin. Are you sure it's just rats and mice? Some people have got squirrels in the attic and think it's ordinary vermin.”
“You might have a point there,” Gerald replied. “My mom did ask me if maybe I could try and get her something stronger like some plain old fashioned poison.”
The druggist nodded his head thoughtfully. “Plain old fashioned poison? Well, some poison can be deadly for household pets. Does your mom have a dog or a cat?”
Gerald shook his head. “No, but the infestation is driving her crazy. All she can hear all night is scratching in the attic. I was just wondering what kind of poisons you might have in stock.”
“That depends,” the druggist said turning around and looking down at the bottom shelf behind the counter. “The thing is, we aren’t allowed to just sell anything to anyone.”
Gerald put on a pensive face. “Really? Well, my mom did mention one thing which somebody told her about. She said arsenic was good.”
“Arsenic? I wouldn't advise that, that's quite deadly to humans. If you had just less than a third of a gram, you could kill off your cat or your grandma just like that!” The druggist laughed at his own humour.
Gerald joined in with his laughter. Without too much pressing the druggist had just told him precisely what he wanted to know - how much arsenic he would need. “That sounds like a really tiny amount.”
“Yeah, it is a tiny quantity, but I wouldn't be allowed to sell it to you without a doctor’s note, or some authorisation anyway,” the druggist said.
“Okay, I'll just tell my mom that it isn't a good idea,” Gerald replied. He didn't have to hang around anymore as he now knew what he needed to know. 
“Tell your ma to double the amount of Vermqol she's putting down, it just might be a matter of how much.”
“Yes sir, I'll do that, thank you.”
“My pleasure son,” the druggist said as he went into his little room behind the counter.
Gerald quickly left the store and made his way back to his room at the boarding house. At least he now knew that it wouldn't require much arsenic to accomplish his objective. He knew that a gram was quite a small amount. So a third of a gram could easily be smuggled out in his pocket, in an envelope perhaps. The question was, did the chemistry lab have it in the storeroom? From what the druggist had told him it seemed unlikely. Why would the lab carry such a dangerous poison? If it didn't, then at least he knew the druggist had it in stock.
*  *  *
When Gerald arrived back at his pokey little room in the guest house, he was met by the landlady. She came out of her room to speak to him. “You had a visitor this morning just after you left for school,” she said, a cigarette stuck in her mouth.
“Really?” he replied. “Did they leave a message?” 
“It was a girl, a bit stuck up if you ask me,” the landlady informed him. “She said she would maybe come back tonight.”
“Did she have blonde hair?” he asked trying to figure out who it could be.
“Maybe. But you know the rules, you're not allowed to have visitors in your room,” the landlady told him. ‘You’ll have to speak to her outside!” 
Gerald slowly made his way up the threadbare carpeted stairs to his room as he tried to think who it could be. It clearly wasn’t Florence as she knew that he would technically be in school.
He opened the door of his room, went in, and immediately went to the ‘freezer’ and took out his last beer and broke it open. He untidily threw off his jacket and went and sat on his bed.
He was trying to think who this caller could be and wondered if it was possibly Philippa. Then, she wouldn't have known where he lived unless of course she had asked Florence. The two girls were very close friends. It was highly possible that Florence may have mentioned that he was living in this particular boarding house. There were a few of them dotted all over the little town and this was probably the best of the bunch. Some of them were just complete dives.
As he sipped his beer he decided that tonight he would again try to break into the school lab. He now knew what he was looking for. In fact, the precise chemical description of arsenic had been given in his little handbook. Actually, it was described as white arsenic and it gave the chemical formula as AS4O6. The handbook also informed him that one teaspoon could hold the equivalent of roughly 4.26 grams. In other words, to achieve his objective he wouldn't need very much at all.
He was quite behind with some of his schoolwork, three essays to be precise. He decided to fill in the time doing the essays until dark when he would creep onto the campus again. He searched for some cigarettes which he knew he had in his bedside table, fished one out and lit up. He puffed it several times and then went over to the little bureau where he normally did his homework. He got out his history textbook from the leather case that he normally took into school. Then he set out his pens and his history exercise book and got to work.
Checking his watch he saw that he had the luxury of at least four hours before he would attempt to go over to the campus. If none of the lab windows were open, he told himself, then he would go around the entire school building looking for one. He would just have to take the risk of being spotted by the nightwatchman.
Drinking from his beer bottle, he puffed away at his cigarette which he balanced on the edge of a bit of bent tin foil serving as an ashtray. He accomplished a lot in the next two hours and was surprised when there was a tap on his door. 
The only person who ever did that was the landlady when she came to collect the rent which he paid on a weekly basis, usually Friday.
Gerald got up from his chair and tentatively opened the door. He was surprised to see Phillipa  standing there looking at him with big eyes. “Oh hi Gerald, I hope you didn't mind me coming to see you. I was worried about what you said about Florence.”
He took her arm and pulled her into the room and closed the door firmly. He was instantly excited. “How did you get in? You're not supposed to be here, it's against the rules.”
“A skinny guy with glasses was just leaving and he held the door for me,” she explained.
“That must have been Jasper,” Gerald said looking down at her and noticed that her upper chest was partly exposed. He also saw that she wasn't wearing any stockings and her dress only came down to the top of her knees. He immediately began to get a wild erection. “Best keep your voice down,” he said. “Otherwise the landlady will throw me out of here. Do you want something to drink? I've got a soda you can have.”
“I'd rather have a beer,” she replied eyeing the bottle on the bureau.
“You can have the rest of that if you want,” he said grabbing the bottle and passing it to her.
‘Thanks.’ She took the bottle and went and sat on the bed. It was a cramped room with little space to move freely about it. 
He came and sat next to her on the bed and looked down at her as she drank the remains of his beer from the bottle. He then took the bottle out of her hand, put it on the bedside table, then grabbed her and kissed her on the lips. She responded without hesitation, kissing him back deeply and in a way which excited him even more.
He wanted to tear off her clothes and mouth her breasts. But he knew his landlady might hear their noise and would come up and knock on his door. The only time he got to make love to Florence was in her own apartment and that was a while back. Florence had only come a couple of times to his room. But each time she had been spotted by the landlady, who had strongly indicated her absolute disapproval. Making love to Philippa right now just wouldn’t be comfortable in these circumstances.
Before he could say anything, she plunged her hands down onto his privates and unzipped his trousers. He trembled feeling overwhelmed, watching her in an almost detached way as she ripped open his shorts and took his hardness in her mouth. He had never known such excitement, apart from on those couple of first occasions when he had bedded Florence. But this girl clearly indicated that she was game for anything.
He moaned with pleasure as she worked on him, slipping his hand around her left breast. He felt almost powerless as she appeared to be in complete control. In less than two minutes, unable to contain himself, he emptied himself into her mouth with a deep raw shudder. It passed through his body like a man being electrocuted by pleasure.
She then got up, ran to the little sink that he had in his kitchenette and spat into it and ran the faucet. Grabbing an unwashed cup which was on the side, she poured herself some water. Swigging her mouth, she spat again. Spinning around, she turned to look at him. He was cleaning himself up with some paper tissue that he had in his draw.
He was aware that his heart was pumping hard, sending pressure into his head. His brain felt drugged. He could have fallen asleep right there and then. He zipped himself back up.
She came back to the bed watching him. “You were saying?”
Gerald lean back against the wall suddenly feeling drained. “I don't know, what was I saying?”
“You were saying about Florence being crazy,” she said wiping her mouth on the back of her hand.
“When did I say that?” he asked with a frown. “You mean when I came to your house?”
“Yeah, and that is so true,” Philippa said. ‘She's been my best friend ever since kindergarten. And she was always the one who got picked out by the teacher for being good. She’s always had the best boyfriends and the nicest dresses. I used to hate her for that!”
Gerald nodded and then stood up and went over to the kitchenette and poured himself some water from the cup that Philippa had just used. His mouth was suddenly dry, and he drank half the cup in three gulps. “Sounds like she's kind of ticked you off.”
She stared up at him with her green soulful eyes. “You could say that. But do you know what, sometimes  I wish she was dead!”
“What?” he said surprised by her remark.
Philippa shook her head. “I shouldn't have said that. Forget I said that.”
“You've said it now,” he remarked coming and sitting back next to her on the bed. “Sounds like you hate her?”
“No I don't hate her, but why should she be the one who gets everything? And now she's got you.”
He put his arm around her waist and kissed her on the cheek and then he kissed her neck. She turned her head and kissed him again full on the lips. They smooched like this for about half a minute.
“So what do you think of me?” she said after a moment.
“In what way? I mean I think you're cute,” he said sincerely.
“Do you think I'm a bit forward?” she asked looking at his face intently.
Gerald contemplated her for a moment. “You can be just a little. I don't think I've ever met a girl like you. I mean, I think you're really swell.”
She smiled revealing beautiful pearl-like teeth. The smell of beer was on her breath. “Do you really? But I guess you're in love with Florence aren't you?”
“Well officially yes I am. But then again...”
“What?” she said adjusting her position on the bed.
“I don't know,” he said reflectively. “I mean, maybe we've been seeing too much of each other. I guess she just annoys me sometimes.”
“Annoys you?”
He shrugged. “Well, she can be very annoying sometimes.’
“So annoying you could almost strangle her,’ Philippa said screwing up her fists as if she was actually strangling someone.
He laughed. ‘Something like that!”
She nodded. “Well, you can always come and see me. My parents are always out working. My dad is the manager of a warehouse, and my mum works for an engineer as a secretary.” 
“That sounds cosy,” he said with a nod.
“No, what I mean is, that you can come into my house at certain times. You could come and see me after school if you wanted.”
“What about your brother? Does he have a big mouth?” Gerald asked.
Philippa laughed in such a charming way that he just had to kiss her neck again. 
“Yeah, he's got a big mouth,” she replied. “But he knows that if he said anything I would smack his face for him. Sometimes I really hate him as well!”
“So you hate him, and you hate Florence, but maybe you love me?” Gerald said fishing for something more precise.
“I didn’t say I completely hated her, just a bit but maybe I like you a lot,” she said putting her hands on his crotch again and fondling him.
“That’s nice,” he said leaning back against the wall.
“I know this is a silly question, but would you ever dump her and go with me?” she asked.
“I just might do that,” he said. “It depends how serious you are. It depends what you would do for me.”
“If you went with me then I would do anything you wanted,” she said moving her head towards his.
“So you're asking me to dump her officially?” he asked directly.
“You yourself said she was crazy,” Philippa said logically. “And what’s she got that I haven't got?”
“You haven't got a handy rich uncle somewhere in your family have you?” he asked half-jokingly.
“I know Florence has. Is that why you're going with her because she's got a rich uncle? I've heard that he's a dirty bastard. I've heard a few stories.”
Gerald perked up at this. “Like what?”
“That he's got a thing for Florence. I heard that he doesn't like her having boyfriends.”
“Is that so?” Gerald replied, but he could easily believe this. The more he heard the more disenchanted he was feeling with the whole ‘Florence’ situation. 
“But I guess you're going to marry her anyway, huh?” Phillipa said.
“Don't repeat this, but maybe I won't,” he replied with a sigh. “Maybe she's a bit too  bossy for me.”
Phillipa's eyes lit up. “That's exactly what I thought.  She’s always trying to tell me what to do.” 
“Is that why you wished she was dead?” he asked.
“Huh?”
“You said just now that you wished she was dead,” he repeated.
Philippa lowered her head. “I shouldn't have said that.”
“Well, do you want to know a secret?” he said. “And you need to swear that you're not going to tell her.”
“I swear, what?”
“Sometimes, just sometimes, so do I!”

Chapter  Seven
Gerald debated whether Philippa could be a possible partner in crime. At the same time it was just safer to assume that she couldn't be trusted. She was bound to let something slip, as much as he would love to tell her about his plan to kill Florence. After all, Philippa did say that she wished Florence were dead or something to that effect. It was a comment that must have been based on a lot of personal envy. Florence did seem to have a monopoly of advantages, her good looks being the very least of them.
He had planned to go to the campus that evening, but he was slightly put off by the idea that probably none of the lab windows would be open. Also, his fooling around with Philippa had left him feeling quite drained. Still, he was determined to go and thought that if he had an hours’ nap he would feel up to it.
Lying down on his little bed, he dozed off and awoke forty minutes later feeling slightly more energised, though not much more. He checked his watch and was glad that the evening was progressing, deciding to saunter over to the school in the next hour. If none of the lab windows were open, he was going to try another tactic. 
He would just survey the whole of the school building from the outside to see if there was another way he could get in. There was always the gymnasium at the very rear end of the building overlooking the playing field. This had numerous windows and doors, any one of which might have been left open. He decided he would definitely investigate these if there was no access into the chemistry lab that evening.
At about eight o'clock, Gerald donned his old fishing hat, jacket and scarf and left the boarding house. He had snuck Philippa out of the rear door, and he left the same way.
He walked somewhat self-consciously to the high school campus and had to quickly duck behind some trees and bushes. To his surprise, there seemed to be some kind of event taking place at the school which he suddenly remembered was a chess tournament. At this hour it must have been winding down, but it meant that he could easily get onto the school premises.
He had completely forgotten about the tournament which he was tempted to enter himself. But chess, he had concluded, was a skill which didn't really help people in their everyday lives. Good chess players tended to think that they could apply their prowess to their real world problems. But from what he could see, chess just tended to make a person more introverted and less sociable. It got them hung up on something which had no relevance to everyday life. So he just stopped playing.
He noticed that there were quite a few students and supervising members of staff going in and out of the building. He presumed that it probably would be open for another hour. The tournament was due to last three days, and the school was acting as the host for the regional competition.
He crept into the shadowy foliage that surrounded the rear of the school, which, for the most part was lit up. When he went round to the side of the building to check the chemistry lab windows, he was surprised to find them all partially open. There was no immediate explanation for this. But when he approached the windows he could smell the strong dank odour of sulphur. It reminded him of the smell of bad eggs and concluded that was why all the windows were open. The lab was being aired out. Very careless of somebody he thought to himself with a smile.
The tournament was mostly taking place in the main hall of the building which was a corridor distant from the lab. In fact, there were a row of labs next to each other; the physics lab, the chemistry lab and they even had a botanics lab. This last area was a subject of amusement among students, as apparently they had grown some marijuana. A number of students had even tried it. Gerald had never used the stuff, but like most young people he was quite curious and decided that that could be an adventure for another day.
Feeling quite relaxed anyway, and certain that he was going to achieve his goal, Gerald went round to the caretaker’s shed and grabbed the old chair. As planned, he dragged it round to the side of the chemistry lab wall under the windows. He checked over his shoulder and saw that there wasn't a soul around on that side of the building. So he stood on the chair, pulled wider one of the already opened windows and with ease, clambered into the lab. Finally.
His instinct was to duck slightly as he could hear students talking on the other side of the building where the tournament was taking place. But obviously they were all engrossed in what was going on  and were unlikely to come round and discover him. 
Although the chemistry lab was in darkness, enough light from the rest of the building allowed him to easily see around him. He was in shadow but had enough ambient light to see exactly where everything was.
He quickly went over to the stockroom which was to the left and behind the main desk at the front of the class. The stockroom he knew, contained all the usual paraphernalia that was used in chemistry classes. This included the various chemicals and elements themselves. Trying the handle he discovered that the stockroom was locked.
He immediately went to the teacher’s desk expecting to find keys there and he opened the top left hand draw. He discovered a class register, pens, ink but not keys to the stockroom. He went through the other drawers with no luck. The one at the bottom was locked which meant he would have to break it open somehow. As he looked around in the semi darkness wondering what he could use, he spotted some keys on a hook next to the blackboard. 
These were not immediately obvious in the gloom, but they were three large mortice keys on a ring. He took the bunch and tried one in the door of the stockroom. This failed to have any effect but the second one unlocked the cupboard door easily.
He smiled to himself, but when he went in, he couldn’t find the light switch and was in complete darkness. Then, fumbling around he found the switch, which was in an unusual place, lower down on the wall next to the door. He clicked this down and found himself in a very illuminated and quite deep small room. There were rows of shelves, crowded with beakers, flasks, tripod's, Bunsen burners, all on one side. On the other side of the stockroom were about six shelves crammed with jars and containers of all kinds and all labelled.
He had memorised the chemical formula for arsenic which began with the letters ‘AS’. He wondered if, like the large periodic table poster hanging on the wall in the lab, everything was alphabetically organised. It turned out that they were, but there was nothing under the letter ‘A’ which remotely looked like arsenic. And then he spotted the ‘P’ section. And then the word ‘Poisons’ where there were numerous jars and glass containers. The third heavy ceramic jar in the line on the left was labelled ‘White Arsenic’ – AS4O6.
He took the jar off the shelf and prised open the tightly fitted lid. Being careful not to breathe in, he looked down at what simply looked like baking powder. It was then that he realised that he hadn't brought anything to put the powder in. 
An envelope would have been handy. He debated what to use and then his eyes fell on a couple of empty plastic containers sitting on a small worktop. The only problem with them was that they didn't have any lids. But there was a paper towel dispenser nearby. He realised that he could sprinkle some arsenic on a paper towel and create a sort of pouch for convenience of transport.
Taking the ceramic jar to the worktop, he quickly yanked a paper towel out of the dispenser and poured a very small quantity of the arsenic onto it. He then carefully wrapped it up. He checked inside the container, and it wasn't obvious at all that a small amount had been taken out. In fact, he was quite certain that he had probably taken ten times more than he needed to use.
He carefully replaced the lid of the container and put it back on the shelf. Picking up the little paper pouch with the arsenic in it, he put it in his jacket pocket. He then left, and locked up, replacing the keys on their hook next to the blackboard. He quickly climbed out the window down onto the chair, pulling the window to. Dragging the chair back to the caretaker’s shed, he was finally done. The whole operation had taken less than fifteen minutes. 
It was then that he realised that he had left the light on in the stockroom, but anyone could have done that. In the absence of any obvious signs of a break-in, no one would surely suspect a thing.
*  *  *
Even though Gerald was quite certain that his burglary would never be discovered, he was nevertheless still nervous. It was always possible that someone might have seen him. He now had enough arsenic to kill a herd of elephants, although the powder didn't strike him as being particularly noxious. It was Gerald's perverse nature which made him dare himself to taste some.
Sitting in the boarding house, he chain-smoked thoughtfully. He decided that in the quest for knowledge, he should place a minute quantity of arsenic on a bit of bread and eat it. Just to see what it was like. Surely, if the powder was that poisonous, it wouldn't be sitting in a ceramic jar in a school lab stockroom? He understood that a third of a gram was sufficient for his purposes. But that struck him as just being too tiny an amount to have any effect. He really needed to ascertain that what he had in his possession would do the job.
He had already opened up the little pouch containing the powder for examination. It looked like baking powder. It could easily be confused with anyone of a dozen different powders that you might find in the kitchen cupboard. It could even be mistaken for seasoning or salt. He just needed to know that it would work. In the absence of any additional information, he decided to try it out.
The little pouch was sitting on his bureau, which considering what it was, was rather careless of him. Surely, if he sampled the tiniest amount, the effect would not be too devastating. As it happened he did have a pair of tweezers which were a part of a comb and brush set that his mother had bought him one Christmas. It had everything essential for good grooming.
He occasionally used the brushes. The little leather case with these items in it was on the shelf at the top of his wardrobe. He went to get it, opened the case and removed the tweezers. They were presumably for plucking eyebrows which he had never used. Then, in the spirit of science, as he told himself, he got a slice of bread from the sliced wrapped loaf in the kitchenette. He quickly slapped some butter on it and went and sat at his bureau.
Hunching over, he carefully opened the pouch that he had made from the tissue from the dispenser in the lab. Then taking the tweezers, picked up the smallest amount of arsenic that he possibly could. The powder was very refined. He wanted to smell it but thought that this was inadvisable as the last thing he wanted was for it to go into his lungs. 
But the sample that he gingerly took, he put back into the pouch by tapping the tweezers with a pencil. It was too much. But there was still a smudge of the powder on the end of the tweezers. He thought that this might be sufficient to give him an idea of what it could do.
He positioned the tweezers over the slice of bread and once again tapped the tweezers with the pencil. He was able to deposit an almost invisible amount of the powder on the bread. He then folded the bread over and made what was effectively an arsenic sandwich. Wrapping up the paper pouch again, he placed it in his bureau drawer. He put the tweezers and pencil in his sink to wash off the residue which was still clinging to them. Then he took his folded slice of bread over to the bed, sat down and stared at his toxic creation.
He was pretty sure that if the small amount of arsenic on his bread truly was lethal, then he would probably end up with agonising stomach pains. And so if that was the case he needed to have a plan ‘B’. Certainly, he did not want to go to hospital which would expose his whole plan. Fortunately, he had some Pepto-Bismol for indigestion in one of his kitchen cupboards. If the arsenic did deliver an unpleasant or painful side effect, then he was prepared to swallow the whole bottle of Pepto to counteract it.
He got up from his bed and went to check that he had sufficient and found that he virtually had a full bottle. But the creamy medicine had been sitting in his cupboard for months. He undid the lid and smelled it and it did appear to be okay to him.
Again, he went back and sat on his bed, picked up the sandwich, which he had put on his bedside table. Taking a deep breath he brought the sandwich up to his mouth and was about to take a bite. It was then that he could hear the phone ringing down in the hall. Gerald paused and could hear one of the ground floor tenants answering the phone. The tenant slowly made his way up to Gerald's room which was on the next floor. There was a wrap on his door.
Gerald put down the piece of bread, got up from the bed and opened the door. “Yes?”
A burly man stood there. “Gerald,  it’s your girlfriend! Sounds like she's having a bad day!”
“Oh thanks,” Gerald said.
The man, who worked as a stevedore stared at him. “She's waiting for you!”
Gerald quickly followed him down the stairs and picked up the phone receiver which had been left hanging for him. “Florence?”
“Where have you been?” Florence demanded. “You didn't go to school today. I was looking all over for you.”
“Sorry I was catching up on a couple of assignments,” he said lying smoothly as always.
“Well can't you do them in the library?”
“It’s too distracting in there,” he replied. “So how are you then?”
“I'm fine I think,” she replied. “But something has come up. My sister Lauren is divorcing Bruce and she wants to stay with me for a few days until she can figure out what to do next.”
“Bruce, her husband?” Gerald asked.
“Yeah. Apparently he's been a right bastard! I don't know the worst of it, but it sounds pretty bad. I think he's been slapping her around!”
Gerald frowned. If Lauren was going to move in with Florence it would mean that it would mess up his plans regarding access to their medicine cabinet. But her sister surely wouldn't stay too long from what Florence said. And the last thing he wanted to do was lace her medicines with arsenic and kill the both of them. Now that really would be taking a risk. 
“Slapping her around? I'm sorry to hear that,” Gerald said insincerely. Actually he was quite glad about it.
Florence sighed. “I think he punched her.”
“He's a broker on Wall Street isn't he?” Gerald said with mild interest. 
“Who cares what the hell he is, he’s a bastard, and that’s all that matters,” Florence said with passion.
“So how long is she going to stay?” Gerald asked.
“Not for long,” she replied. “But it would be handy if she could stay around and help me with the baby.”
Gerald involuntarily clenched his fists and looked up at the ceiling. He was standing in the boarding house hall leaning against the wall. He was quite certain that the landlady, who was in a nearby room, was listening. That was the problem with the phone in the hall, it was impossible to have a private conversation. “So you've definitely made up your mind then?” he asked.
“You mean about having the baby?” she said sounding a bit exasperated.
“Yes, so you definitely want to have it then?” he asked.
“Jesus, I thought I made that clear.”
“Okay,” he said as a sudden idea came to him. “Do you want to meet me later and have something to eat?”
“That's why I was phoning you,” she said with a sigh. “I mean, I'm not looking forward to Lauren dumping herself on me at all. She is so goddam miserable. Actually, I don't blame Bruce for going off with someone else. But I could use some help right now.”
“The reality of sisterly love,” he said humourlessly. “Also, I know she doesn't like me.”
“She doesn't like anyone!” Florence replied. “So where shall we go to eat? Lauren will be arriving later tonight.”
“Oh,’ Gerald said.
‘So where shall we go?’
‘Anywhere is fine by me,” Gerald said. “We’re really spoilt for choice.”
“Look,’ she said. ‘I'll meet you outside the town hall at seven and we can decide then.”
“Fine,” he said. “See you then.”
When Gerald hung up the phone and went back up to his room he was suddenly filled with a new sense of optimism. Here was an opportunity to lace her food with a tiny amount of the powder as a test. She was one of those girls who constantly liked to check her make-up. At some point during the evening, she was bound to go to the jon to do this. Then he could quickly mix in the tiniest amount of powder into her food. And if she began to moan and groan then they could put it down to food poisoning. Especially if it happened soon after the meal.

Chapter Eight
Before meeting Florence Gerald decided that they should go to Manhattans. It was a diner like any other burger bar only with a fancy name and slightly more expensive than average. As far as Gerald was concerned it was perfect because customers could sit in their own booths, which obscured the view of others. 
He could then get up to his devious mission, lacing her meal with some of the powder. Bearing in mind that all he needed was a third of a gram, he decided that as a tester he would use the smallest possible amount. Just to see what happened. It would save him doing the test on himself.
It was possible that the recommended amount was incorrect. So he needed to find out. Before going to meet her, he prepared another pouch with an almost invisible amount of  arsenic in it. Trying the stuff out on himself seemed unnecessary. He also had the idea that he could lace the landlady’s cats food with some. The cat had two bowls which were usually placed conveniently outside by the back door. It wouldn't be a problem to put a tiny amount into the cat’s food bowl. He felt that it would be an interesting experiment.
He debated whether to do that before he went and met Florence. He could go out back on the pretext of having a cigarette. Then he could put a tiny amount of the powder into the cat’s bowl. Often the cat did not finish its meal and the bowl had a tendency to attract insects, so there might be food in it. In any case, it struck him as a worthful thing to do, precluding any need for him to have a lethal sandwich himself.
He put the piece of laced bread in a paper bag and threw it in his bin. After all, why should he go through the agonies or even kill himself if the cat could be a convenient guinea pig.
Checking his watch he noted that it was now six thirty. He quickly got ready, placing the paper pouch prepared for Florence in the right hand pocket of his jacket. He then made up a larger quantity of the powder, and put it in some exercise book paper which he turned into another pouch. He simply twisted it around to secure it. This would be for the cat.
He then lit up a cigarette, left his room, locked his door and went down to lace the cat’s bowl. The front door of the premises was linked by a passage which ran all the way through the house to the back door. The door was a flimsy affair and was sprung and so it closed itself when you released it. But he didn't want to announce that he had gone out the back, and so he closed it carefully so that it did not bang.
He leaned back against the rear wall of the house smoking and eyeing the somewhat unsightly cat’s bowls, one with water in it. There was clear evidence that other wildlife also took a turn at those bowls. He could only assume that the bowls were kept outside because they tended to smell.
When he was sure that he wasn’t being observed, he reached into his pocket and pulled out the smaller of the two little pouches. He stuck the cigarette in his mouth and quickly released the contents of the second pouch into the cat’s food. The powder floated down and lay as a white residue on top of it. He debated whether to mix it in to disguise it from any unwanted eyes. 
He took the bit of exercise book paper that he had used as a pouch and shaped it so that he could use it as a mixing stick. He was careful not to contaminate his hands. He bent down and quickly worked the powder into the cat’s fishy smelling food. 
As he walked away, he took a quick look back, throwing the bit of paper that he'd just used on the ground. He then made his way to his rendezvous with Florence. They met at the town hall as planned and as always he was struck with how pretty she was. Like him, she was always well turned out which was just habitual with people from her background.
He had got into the same habit because of the good impression it tended to make on people. If you wore a suit or smart jacket and tie, you basically didn't look like a bum or someone who was unemployed. It was purely psychological. Appearances certainly mattered in that hick town, he thought.
Florence gave him that doe-eyed look of hers which would have melted the heart of any man and she hugged and kissed him. For the first time he felt a twinge of guilt but then, he brushed it aside. This was a dog eat dog world and he had to do everything he could to survive. Even if it meant sacrificing somebody he used to love.
“Where would you like to go?” she said taking his hand. “And I'm paying!”
“I thought Manhattan's,” he said as he gave the town hall clock a sideways glance. It always seemed to be two minutes behind the actual time. But it was the first object that people tended to look at when they entered the town square. It was a standing joke that the clock did not keep the most perfect of time.
“Manhattans?” she repeated with a quizzical frown. “That isn't very romantic. Also, I wanted to discuss baby names with you. My sister Lauren thinks that I should do the obvious thing.”
“And what's the obvious thing?” he asked dreading the conversation he would have to sit through.
“That if it's a boy, we’ll name him after you and if it's a girl we'll name her after me,” she said with a smile.
‘Genius,’ Gerald thought to himself.
They began to walk away from the steps of the town hall, Gerald was leading. He was determined to go to Manhattans which was about half a block away. Everything was so compact in that town.
“I never did like the name Gerald,” he said conversationally. “I was thinking maybe Frank after Frank Sinatra. And Rita after Rita Hayworth.”
She frowned as she linked arms with him. “If you're going to name them after anyone at all, then they need to be Elvis and Peggy after Peggy Lee.”
Gerald shook his head and cast his eyes towards the evening sky. “I think we better stick to the first idea.”
“That's what I think,” she said. “Do you wanna go to a hotel tonight?”
“Hotel? Why?”
“Because my sisters here!” she told him.
“Already?” he said.
“Yes, I told you she was coming,”
“But I thought she'd be coming down in a few days’ time,” he replied.
Florence sighed. “You never listen! I told you she would be staying but not for very long.”
Gerald nodded his head. “Yes, I knew she was coming and staying for a few days, but I didn't expect her to be here already.”
“Well she is, and there are suitcases all over my damn apartment!”
“You should have invited her along for dinner!” he said with a smile as they rounded the corner on the square and were within sight of their diner.
“Actually, she did say she wanted to come, but I know how much you dislike her,” she said.
“Don't put the blame on me!” he retorted. “She's the one who looks down on me!”
“Maybe,” Florence replied. “But she sure made a mistake marrying Bruce!”
Gerald nodded glad not to be talking about baby names.
Florence pulled a face. “But uncle Damian said that she could take Bruce for every penny he's got. After all, it was my uncle who bought him a place at his Wall Street firm.”
Gerald was curious to hear this. “Your uncle actually bought him a job? Bought?”
“Well, sponsored him. Something like that,” she said. “I don't know exactly how it works, but if things go well at the office the sponsorship money is refunded.”
“And was it?” Gerald asked as they walked up to the entrance of the quite salubrious diner.
“Yes, it turns out that Bruce is pretty good at selling stock that people don't want!” Florence laughed at her own joke.
“He sounds like a bit of a shyster,” Gerald said as he allowed Florence to go first into the diner. He noticed that it was half empty but then this was in the middle of the week. At the weekend it would have been packed and there would have been a man on the door. 
As soon as they went into the premises and found a booth, they were almost immediately brought over a complementary pot of coffee. It was one of the novelties of the diner. Menus were already on the table and Gerald picked his up and glanced at it, but he knew what he wanted already. It was the burger and fries with Mexican chilli sauce.
Florence took off her flimsy yellow jacket, dumped it on her long red leather seat, picked up her menu and studied it. “Oh look, they now do a chicken burger!”
Gerald nodded his head. “Wow.” Frankly, he didn't care just as long as he could lace it with arsenic. In fact, his hand was now in his jacket pocket fingering the little paper pouch which he had made earlier. 
He had concluded that it was best to place the powder as far away from Florence’s tongue as possible so she couldn’t taste it. This meant that it had to be sprinkled on top of a burger rather than underneath it. He naturally presumed that she would have the chicken burger as she had mentioned it. Clearly she was intrigued by this new chicken concoction which struck him as a bit experimental. It wasn't something that he would eat personally.
It wasn’t long before the waitress came over and take their order. Florence looked up at her. “Can I have a chicken burger and side salad?”
The waitress frowned as if this was an unheard of request. “Sure honey, we can knock something up for you!”
Gerald ordered a regular burger and fries. In addition to their meals they had a beer and a strawberry milkshake.
Gerald stared at Florence across the table hoping that she would go to the ladies room preferably just before her food arrived. She was inclined to do that, to leave a table in a restaurant and come back and find that her meal had been placed on the mat for her.
“So is that okay then?” Florence asked him.
“Is what okay?” he said.
“If the baby is a boy we’ll call him after you and if the baby is a girl we’ll call her after me?”
Gerald half nodded. He was uncomfortable at being reminded that she was with child. If he carried out his plan, he wouldn't just be killing her, he would be killing the unborn baby. But then that's what abortionists did all the time, he told himself. And who would want to be born into this miserable world anyway? He could think of a hundred and one reasons why what he was planning to do could be justified.
“So what do you think?” she said annoyed that he hadn't given her a proper response.
“I guess that’s okay,” he said in a slightly irritated tone. “I mean I don't mind a girl being named after you, but I think if it was a boy I wouldn't really want it to be called Gerald.”
She sat up on her seat and gazed at her reflection in the large diner window. “Then what?”
He shrugged. “I don't know. What about Dick or John?” He regarded the question as purely academic.
Florence frowned and glared at him. “You sound as if you don't much care.”
“Of course I care,” he said.
She touched the coffee pot and found it quite hot. “Do you want me to pour you some?”
He shook his head as he didn't want to delay her departure to the ladies room which he believed was imminent. But it looked as if she was not in any particular hurry to go.
“I know!” she said her expression brightening. “If it's a boy we'll name him after my uncle Damian!”
Gerald shot her a diabolical look. It made Florence erupt into loud laughter. “Oh golly gosh what a face! You should see yourself!”
Gerald turned his head to look at his reflection in the dark window. “Anything but Damian and Gerald. What about naming him after the president?”
Florence's face became impassive. Then she stood up. “Be back in a mo’.”
Gerald watched her slide out of the booth and walk passed the counter over to the ladies room which was on the other side of the diner. He then started praying that the waitress would bring over their meals so that he could do the deed. 
He deliberately lifted up his head to try and get the attention of the staff behind the counter. They seemed to be aware that he was looking over, and then very shortly afterwards the waitress brought over their meals and positioned them on the table mats.
Gerald smiled up at her and watched as she walked back to the counter. It was now or never, he told himself reaching in his pocket and pulling out the pouch that he had prepared. This originally was going to be a practice run, but he now regretted that he hadn’t brought more of the poison. He looked at her meal, lifted the bun on the chicken burger and saw that it was topped up with some coleslaw. 
Checking that nobody was watching, he sprinkled the entire contents of the pouch onto the coleslaw. But the amount of arsenic appeared to be so small that he kicked himself. Taking the teaspoon which had been brought along with the coffee pot and two small cups, he stroked the top of the coleslaw. It only took a second or two to thoroughly disguise that there was powder on it. 
Then he replaced the top of the bun and wiped the teaspoon on a napkin and put it back with the cup and saucer. Returning the pouch back into his pocket, he dusted off his hands and then debated whether to go to the men’s room himself. It was possible that a tiny residue of the arsenic might be on his hands. So to be sensible, he decided to go and wash them.
He waited patiently for Florence to return not daring to touch his own meal. Eventually she did and was all smiles.
“Haven't you started yet?” she asked.
“I just this second had one of the fries,” he said untruthfully. “I just need to go to the men's room too.”
He got up from the booth and strode off to the men’s room fully expecting her to have started her meal when he came back. Once in the men’s room, he stood at a sink and thoroughly washed his hands, studying his reflection as he did so. Then he washed them again. 
He had the thought that he also needed to get rid of the paper pouch in his pocket. So he screwed it up into a ball and threw it into one of the two lavatory bowls in the room. Then he washed his hands for a third time, quickly drying them and exited the room.
He stood for a second outside looking across the restaurant at the back of Florence’s head. It was obvious that she was now eating her burger. Something made her turn round and look at him and he continued walking towards her.
He slid back into the booth and sat down and watched her take another bite from her burger.
“How is it?” he asked.
“Not bad but it tastes a bit weird,” she said thoughtfully.
“Maybe it's the coleslaw,” he suggested.
She nodded and then looked up at him. “How do you know there's coleslaw in it? It’s hidden under the bun, and you can’t really see it.”
He looked at her burger and she was right, the coleslaw was just a dollop under the middle of the bun and was not visible. “I just assumed it came with coleslaw, after all it is chicken.”
“Well I tell you what, it's pretty weird,” she said but continued to chew. “But I mean it's not weird in a bad way.”
Gerald didn't want to say anything which might interrupt her eating the burger. He just picked up his own burger and took a great big bite of the tasty fried meat which was covered with onions. He chewed for a few seconds quite enjoying it.
Florence continued to eat her meal and made no further comment but brought the subject back to baby names again. Gerald didn't mind because it distracted her from being in anyway suspicious of what she was eating. She continued to consume her burger intermittently with sips of her milkshake. In fact it appeared that the arsenic was having a stimulating effect on her, a bit like caffeine.
“So what's Lauren going to do then?” he inquired changing the subject from baby names.
“Do?” she said.
“I mean, she's going to stay with you for a few days and then what? Get her own apartment I should imagine.”
“She was thinking of moving back in with mum and dad but they’re never there,” she replied. “And she doesn't really like to ask my uncle for anything.”
“But your uncle is going to help her where Bruce is concerned, isn't he? That's what you just said.”
She nodded as she finished her burger and wiped her mouth with her napkin. “It's complicated. Actually, my uncle said she could move in with him. But she wasn't too keen on that idea.”
Gerald looked down at his meal. “Sounds like one of those over friendly uncles.”
Florence looked up at him and nodded. “He can be a bit...over affectionate. He loves giving me hugs.”
Gerald nodded. He knew exactly what she meant. But so far the meal for him had been a bit of an ordeal. Towards the end he found himself suddenly becoming a bit conflicted about what he had done. However, up to this point Florence appeared to be perfectly alright.
“So shall we get a romantic room at the Harrington?” she suggested with a smile referring to a popular affordable local hotel.
He was tempted to say yes to this, but he was concerned that if she just suddenly died he would be right there at the crime scene. He thought it better to decline her offer and just continue to keep in contact with her to see what happened. He was quite certain that he had not given her a fatal dose. Just a mere wisp of powder. However, she had clearly tasted it and it must have had a strong flavour.
“The Harrington would be great,” he said. “But I'm so behind on my schoolwork that I really need to catch up.”
“God Gerald, you really need to have some more fun,” she said.
“We're having fun aren't we?” he said weakly.
She shook her head. “I suppose so, but we haven't fooled around for ages!”
“Shh!” he said self-consciously looking to see if anyone had overheard what she had said.
“Who cares if people can hear what we're saying! Honestly Gerald, you can be so square sometimes. I swear, once we get married you’ll need to change!”
“Don't worry, when we’re married I'm gonna grow my hair really long!” he said, but it was a half-baked joke with no proper punchline.
“And I'm gonna cut my hair right off and wear a load of different wigs!” she said with a laugh.
Gerald put on a laugh for her benefit, but he was increasingly feeling nervous about the effect of the arsenic on her. Frankly, he just wanted the evening to be over and the next day to come round to see how it had affected her.
They sat at the table engaging in casual chit chat and then he said, “I really do need to get back to finish my history assignment.”
“What history assignment?” she asked.
Gerald stared at her. He had momentarily forgotten that she also did history and was doing exactly the same assignments. In fact there wasn't one, and so he quickly corrected himself. “I mean my sociology assignment.”
She stared at him with a troubled expression. “Okay, I'll get the tab then!”
Gerald beckoned over the waitress and Florence paid the bill. “You can keep the change.”
The waitress could not have been more grateful for the gesture. “Gee, thank you ever so much.”
Gerald noticed that Florence had been quite generous to the waitress. It was just a shame that she had to die.
* * *
Once back in his room, Gerald spent the rest of the evening nervously wondering about Florence. Just before they parted he did note that she had appeared a bit off. He was certain that it was because the arsenic was kicking in. He would have phoned her later in the evening, but Lauren was there. He didn't want to appear to be behaving in a suspicious manner. He had also briefly checked on the landlady’s cat but there was no sign of it.
He smoked his last two cigarettes and eventually went to bed deciding to go to school normally, where he would naturally bump into Florence. They actually shared a foreign language class and had both opted to do Spanish. It would be the second class of the morning just before lunch. Normally he would fully expect to see her. But in the present circumstances anything could happen.
He took his normal seat towards the end of the third row near the window and opened his books and stared up at the blackboard. The lesson began typically with the teacher asking questions in Spanish which only the bravest pupils bothered to answer. She didn’t ask Gerald anything as he invariably knew the answer and was quite the linguist. 
In fact one of the things he did was to compile lists of Spanish words which he was slowly committing to memory. He had read somewhere that all you needed to know were three hundred words and then you could speak any language you wanted. But of course this didn't take into account the confusing role that grammar played.
Even though Gerald appeared to be giving the teacher his undivided attention, actually he was on tenterhooks waiting for Florence to appear. Fifteen minutes into the lesson Gerald was convinced that something was up. After another fifteen minutes he was convinced that he had killed her. 
To the best of his knowledge she had never skipped Spanish before as she quite liked the subject. She had briefly entertained the idea of getting a little job as an interpreter with the United nations. She was sure that her lovely uncle Damian would be able to arrange it for her.
The time sped round and at the end of the lesson Gerald quickly packed away his books and papers and rushed out of the class. Florence was dead, he knew it. Such was his certainty that his plan had worked, that he went into the school washroom and vomited into one of the toilets. But as he had had a very light breakfast consisting of one piece of toast, it was rather half hearted.
It was now lunchtime, and there had been no sign of Florence whatsoever, and so he simply had to phone her to find out what happened. Unfortunately, there was not a phone that pupils at the school could use unless it was a real emergency. So he quickly walked off campus and went to the phone booth which was near the fire station and dialled Florence’s number.
As always it would ring and ring before anyone bothered to pick it up. Then somebody did and then quickly hung up again. Gerald stared at the phone in his hand and then dialled the number again. This time it was answered straight away by Florence’s sister, Lauren.
“Hello, can I speak to Florence please?” he said nervously.
There was a long pause and then Lauren said, sounding upset. “Who's this?”
“It's me Gerald,” he said, and he began to tremble slightly.
“Gerald? I can't speak now something terrible has happened, phone back later!” she hung up without waiting supplying more detail.
At these words Gerald felt a horrible surge of shock, fear and worry in his stomach and he almost dropped the phone. He immediately attempted to phone her back but all he got were engaged signals. The only thing he could do now was to personally go to Florence’s apartment to see what had happened.
So his plan had apparently worked. The arsenic had killed her. He fully expected to see the police and possibly an ambulance crew attending the apartment. Florence did not live far away and so he walked there very quickly.
But when he arrived everything was perfectly quiet with no sign of any emergency services at all. He pressed her buzzer and Lauren looked out of the apartment window and frowned at him. Seconds later the door opened automatically which he found odd. If Lauren had opened the door then she would have to have had super long arms to have done so. This suggested that someone else apart from Lauren opened the door. Was it Florence? If it was, it meant that she had not succumbed to the arsenic.
Not knowing what to think, Gerald went into the building and up the stairs to Florence's apartment taking two stairs at a time. The front door of her apartment was on a small landing, and it was open. The moment he entered, he saw Florence standing in the spare room, apparently rearranging a wardrobe. She looked over at him as he entered and gave him a bleak smile.
He was both shocked and relieved to see her. Emotions poured through him as he  staggered into the apartment. From what Lauren had said something terrible was supposed to have happened. Whatever it was, it wasn't Florence's demise.
Florence beckoned to him to come into the spare room, and she closed the door. She gave him a hug and a kiss and then said, “It's Bruce, he’s committed suicide! Now Lauren’s a widow and she isn’t even thirty yet! Thank God they don’t have any kids.”
Gerald stared at her and was going to blurt out, is that all? Instead he frowned and feigned concern for Lauren. “Oh God that's terrible, why? Did he leave a note?”
Florence took his hand and led him to the bed and they both sat down on it. “Yes, see they broke up and he said he couldn't live without her. So he got drunk and crashed his car.”
“So it might have been an accident?” he said.
“No,” she replied. “The fact that he left a note proves it was suicide.”
Gerald nodded. “I guess so.”
“Also, my uncle is being funny,” she said.
“Funny?” Gerald’s face was pensive.
“Apparently he really liked Bruce and is quite angry at Lauren,” Florence said. “He says she drove him to it. Apparently he had big plans for Bruce.”
Gerald turned his head fully round to look at her. “Big plans? What sort of plans?”
Florence looked up at the door which was still partially open. She went and closed it properly and then came back and sat next to him again. “I told you he was a really good stockbroker, but he got into massive debt. My uncle was hoping he could employ Bruce at some point.”
Gerald couldn't help feeling a twinge of jealousy for Bruce's apparent prowess. But then it seemed that Uncle Damian was just grooming him to be his lackey. This is something that Gerald had feared would happen to him. He studied Florence's face and noticed that she was slightly pale. “Are you ok, you look a bit piquey,” he said.
“Actually, I threw up this morning” she said matter of factly. “But Lauren said that it was morning sickness.”
Gerald nodded his head and pulled a face. “It's far too early for you to be getting morning sickness. You're not even three months gone.”
“I know, unless it's the effect of those damn pills you gave me,” she said. “I get nauseous from time to time.”
Gerald sat on the bed trying to assess the situation. There was no doubt that the arsenic had had an adverse effect on her. However, obviously the amount he had put in her bun was just too small to be lethal. He was beginning to think that her constitution was stronger than he thought.
Suddenly she cupped his face with her right hand. “Actually Gerald, you don't look too well yourself.”
He got up and went to the mirror in the room and stared at his reflection. She appeared to have a point. There was some quite prominent dark circles under his eyes. And his cheeks were drawn. “I haven't really been eating that much,” he said as he fingered his face.
“Well, you had a big enough supper with me last night,” she said with a faint smile.
He came back to the bed wondering if he had inadvertently poisoned himself by handling the pouches with the arsenic in. It was also possible that he may have breathed some in while preparing them. Suddenly he felt odd if not slightly queasy. “So I guess you'll be busy today organising Lauren,” he said trying not to let his imagination run away with him.
“She'll be staying in this room,” she said staring over at the wardrobe.
“I gather that,” he said.
“But I haven't told you the worst of it,” she said dropping her voice.
“What?”
“My uncle is so damned pissed off with Lauren that he’s threatening to cut her off!”
Gerald was quite surprised to hear her swear. She normally disliked using vulgar language although she had her moments. “So what is she going to do then if he cuts her off? And how does this allowance thing work anyhow?”
Florence stood up and went over to the window. Then she turned around to face him. “We both get a monthly amount. See, it's like the dividends of a shareholding, something like that.”
“Right,” he said. “So does that mean you can get to vote at the annual general meeting of the company?”
She nodded. “But I don't bother, my uncle does all that proxy stuff.”
“But didn't you tell me that your uncle said that Lauren could move in with him?” Gerald asked.
“That was before Bruce killed himself.”
“Okay, if he really did kill himself, and if that really was a suicide note,” Gerald speculated. “But from what you say, it sounded like he was trying to get her back.”
Before Florence could answer there was a tap on the door and Lauren came in just wearing a dressing gown. “Is this a private party or can anyone come?” she said glumly.
Gerald stared down at her shapely tanned legs. He felt a flicker for her but then this faded. “Well, I guess I better leave you two to it,” he said.
“Don't go on my account,” Lauren said pulling the dressing gown around her. She was staring at Gerald in an almost maniacal manner. Clearly she was really upset.
“I've got to go anyhow,” Gerald said standing up. “I'm sorry about what happened, Lauren.”
Lauren stared at him silently and dropped her head. Florence quickly walked over from the window and ushered Gerald towards the hallway and street door. “I'll phone you.”
“Sure,” he said. He gave her a kiss on the cheek and left the apartment, quickly going down the stairs and out onto the street. He closed the automatic communal door behind him and looked up at Florence's windows. But nobody was watching him go. He debated as to whether to go back to school that afternoon, but frankly felt mentally burnt out. Being a murderer was not an easy business and still he hadn't committed one yet.

Chapter Nine
Gerald returned to his boarding house and realised that he had completely run out of beer and cigarettes. He had briefly looked about for the cat which was very often perched on the stairs but hadn't seen the animal for twenty-four hours. Perhaps it was lying dead somewhere under a bush.
Taking off his jacket he brewed up some coffee and made it extra sweet. He then sat on his bed leaning against the wall staring vacantly into space. There was a chance that he may have poisoned himself slightly, but he wasn't worried. Actually, a new, more intriguing thought had come to him. 
If a successful man like Bruce had killed himself, then maybe it was the thing to do. In Gerald's view a self-respecting man needed three things or was it four to keep him motivated? He needed a well-paying job, a submissive wife and an absorbing hobby like golf or something like that. Plus, maybe a ‘bint’ on the side. Take one out of the equation and perhaps life wasn’t worth the living.
What was Bruce lacking in his life that it drove him to crash his car, Gerald wondered? Or then again perhaps it had been a genuine accident and his note had been misinterpreted. Gerald would have been surprised if Bruce really had taken his life over Lauren, but then he didn't know all the details. 
To his logical mind Bruce’s death didn't seem like suicide at all. He and Lauren had probably got drunk, argued and then he may have stormed out and then had an accident in the car. The question was, when would he have had time to write the suicide note? The situation just didn't make sense, but Gerald wasn't really bothered about it enough to want to analyse it. People have tiffs all the time, and mostly they didn’t kill themselves over them.
As Gerald sat on the bed, he felt mentally weighed down and had to admit that he wasn’t feeling his best. Not ill exactly but just slightly disorientated, dizzy, and that had to be because he had been handling the arsenic. It was clearly quite lethal stuff and if he was going to handle it again, he needed to put gloves on.
His reverie was disturbed by an abrupt knocking on his door. “Gerald are you there?” it was the landlady’s voice.
Gerald got up from the bed and answered the door. The landlady stood there with her arms folded glaring at him. “Have you seen Milo?” she was referring to the cat.
“No, I'm sorry Mrs Parsons, I haven’t,” he said with an innocent face. “The last time I saw him he was on the stairs and that was the day before yesterday.”
The woman nodded her head. “Okay, well if you see him let me know, please. He’s gone missing.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Gerald said gently shutting his door as she turned to leave. This proved without doubt that the cat had succumbed to the poison and had probably gone off somewhere and died. So there was no doubt that the powder he had was the real thing, and the fact that he felt a bit off colour was further proof.
Florence had also admitted being nauseous, but she clearly had an iron stomach. To Gerald’s mind it was just a question of increasing the dosage. Perhaps to twice what it needed to be. He would just have to wait patiently for the next opportunity. 
Now that Lauren was staying with Florence in the flat, it made things slightly more difficult. His original idea was to lace her medicines in her bathroom cabinet and hope for the best. Of course, the obvious danger now was that it would also affect Lauren and so that idea was not really  practical.
He sat heavily down on the bed. He was completely out of cigarettes, but he couldn't be bothered to go down to the drugstore to get some more. As his mind when round and round in ever decreasing circles, he found himself wondering whether Florence’s best friend Philippa could play a role in his plan. He had thought about this before and dismissed it.
But she was obviously game for anything, although he knew that she would exact a price. She was clearly one of these forthright young women who knew what they wanted and weren't afraid of expressing it. It seemed that she was in the market for a boyfriend of some description, and she had settled on him. 
She was also from a well-to-do family, but she didn't have a rich uncle like Florence. Still, he was already only too familiar with all the pitfalls which could be associated with that.
He decided to go and see Philippa again to try and ascertain the depth of her commitment to him. She could be one of these young women who just couldn't make up their minds and just needed a nudge. They would day one thing one day and another thing another day, and then finally end up with what they didn't want anyway. 
But she could be a potential partner in crime, plus she excited him. She did daring things. He made a note to drop by and see her and test the waters. She would be a great replacement for Florence and without all those pesky strings attached. She might even give him money.
*  *  *
He went to school as normal the next day feeling decidedly better than he had. The whiff of arsenic that he must have breathed in had worn off, but he realised that it needed careful handling. When he arrived at geography class he saw that Florence had turned up and he sat next to her.
She smiled at him and gave him a little kiss. “You okay?” she asked.
He nodded. “Yeah, I'm fine and you?”
Florence patted her tummy. “Yes we're fine thank you.” She smiled and bent her head down slightly to her stomach. “Daddy has just asked how you are! We're fine aren't we?”
Gerald nodded self-consciously but no one else seemed to be listening. “Good,”
The class then began in earnest and Gerald tried to concentrate on his work. He wished he had brought some of the poison with him. There was a chance that he could have laced her lunch, as they were bound to have it together.
After class they went and sat in the school lunchroom. They were sitting opposite each other in the corner of the big room. She seemed quite talkative and full of plans. “I'm so glad Lauren's here because when you first have a baby it can be such a handful.”
They had both ordered the macaroni cheese, but he found it dry and rather bland for his taste. He stared down at his meal, his fork poised. “Yeah, babies can be such a big pain in the neck. Are you sure you really wanna have it?”
She recoiled at this, showing clearly that she found his remark offensive. “Gerald! How can you say that? The baby’s practically here now. It's already a part of us.”
“I'm just thinking of you,” he said as he broke off a piece of macaroni with his fork.
“Well, I'm having this baby! And I don't care what anyone says, I don't care what my uncle thinks or my parents or anyone. It will be mine, ours. It will prove that we love each other.”
He nodded as he couldn't be bothered to get into an argument with her. “Yes, it certainly proves that.”
She looked into his face and frowned deeply. “What's the matter with you? You've really been acting funny lately. What's the problem? You don't want me to have this baby do you?”
“It's not that I don't want you to have this baby, but I just think you and I are too young to settle down.”
“Well you should have thought of that before you got me pregnant!” she said defiantly.
“Florence, you don't have to raise your voice,” he said leaning towards her. “The thing is, it's going to involve a lot of responsibility. You'll be woken up in the middle of the night, you’ll lose sleep, you’ll end up with bags under your eyes. Do you want me to go on?”
“That's why it's so great that Lauren is here to help me,” Florence said stuffing a piece of macaroni into her mouth and chewing it.
“But what does Lauren know about child rearing?” he said. “She doesn't even have any kids of her own. Clearly she was being sensible.”
Florence waved her head as if dismissing what he had just said. “She says she likes kids and wants to have them but there was a complication.”
Gerald knew that it was useless to argue. “So once you have the baby you're planning to stay at your apartment with Lauren? So where do I fit into all this, I'm supposed to be the father.”
“What do you mean you’re supposed to be the father, you are!” she said sharply.
“Well, how do I know that for sure?” he said trying a different tactic.
She put her fork down on the table and stared out of the window. “Now you are just being plain stupid! Of course you're the father. Why are you saying this all of a sudden?”
“I'm just asking,” he said. “Aren't I entitled to ask?”
“But it's such a dumb question,” she replied. “It makes me wonder whether you really do love me.”
He normally would have responded in the affirmative to that statement, but something made him pause. Maybe if he spoke to her a little more honestly she might get the message. And even though he was the messenger, he was becoming slightly confused about what his message really was anyway. His mind had gone through so many convolutions that he was starting to ‘get punchy’ as the astronauts say. 
Certainly he wanted the fun, but on the other hand he didn't want the responsibility or being under anyone’s thumb. It was also strange that Florence’s uncle or her parents were still in the dark regarding her pregnancy. Or where they? Was Florence being totally honest with him? The fact was, that her stomach was now starting to protrude a bit. How could her uncle not be aware of it.
For the first time Gerald was beginning to smell a rat. “I've noticed that your stomach is still on the flat side.”
She frowned, looked down and patted it. “No it’s not! Are you blind? I feel so proud that I'm going to be a mother.”
Gerald put some macaroni in his mouth, but it was so flavourless that he almost gagged. “But how come no one in your family has noticed. I mean, when was the last time you saw your uncle?”
“Why?”
He shrugged. “Because I think it's weird that he hasn't noticed. I mean your belly is sticking out a little bit, but not much. So he should have noticed.” 
She nodded. “When I'm standing, it isn't so obvious.”
“And what about your parents, are they still away?”
“Yes, I told you they always go on these long trips,” she replied as she ate her meal.
“So who is at your parent’s house at the moment?”
“The housekeeper,” she said. “Mrs Lennox.”
Gerald sighed. “So what's the plan? I mean, if you are so worried about your uncle finding out about the baby, maybe we should get married as soon as possible. Isn't that what we’re going to do? I notice that you haven't said anything about that recently.”
She looked at him with a hard stare. “I'm just waiting for you to book a spot at the registry office.”
“We'll have to get blood tests and all that,” he said.
She shrugged. “Yes, I know.”
Of course, Gerald had no intention of doing any of these things, he was just testing the waters. But he had sensed a sort of cooling off in her. He couldn't put his finger on what it was. There was a definite sea change, and it wasn't clear to him as to why. A couple of weeks ago she had been expressing concern that if her uncle found out about the pregnancy it would be the end of the world. Now, she was behaving is if that was the least of her worries.
He put his elbow on the table and leaned towards her again. “Is there something you're not telling me?”
“Like what?” she said just a tad too sharply. 
“You're now acting as if you don't care whether we get married or not,” he said. “But only last week it was this big deal!”
“Gerald, please, I don't know what your problem is,” she said with a frown.
He just knew in his gut that something wasn't right. Her reactions were not on the level or was he imagining this? “My problem is that we are supposed to be playing up to your uncle by getting married, otherwise you'll lose your inheritance or allowance. Or so you told me! But now you've got Lauren staying with you and something doesn't seem the same.”
She gave him a blank look. “I've got to go to French now. We'll talk later. Phone me.”
He smirked sardonically. “Well when I do, you're never there! The times I've rung you and I get no answer.” 
She stood up and put her plate on the tray that they had used to bring the food over to the table. “I'll leave this here for you. Look we’ll talk later.”
“Okay,” he said. She watched him organise her bag and then walk out of the lunchroom with a wave. 
Normally she would have waited for him. If this didn't absolutely prove that something was wrong then he was a complete dope. He just stared at her and decided to go and see Philippa to try and get some answers. He would try and see her that evening. 
Maybe she could shed some light on Florence's recent behaviour. Of course, it was really all academic, because if anyone was the villain, it was he, and he knew it. But so far, nothing had worked out and now he was seeing a side to Florence which he didn't like. He was beginning to think that she was deliberately stonewalling him.
*  *  *
When Gerald got back to his boarding house he found a group of people standing in the hallway. The landlady was holding an object in a blanket in her arms. She was apparently being comforted by the elderly woman tenant who lived on the ground floor and her husband.
“Milo passed away,” the landlady told Gerald as he walked in. He looked at her and was surprised that she was showing such emotion over her pet. Normally she came across as quite a hard businesswoman. But then, Milo was her only companion, so she was bound to feel a little bit upset.
“I'm so sorry to hear that,” Gerald said wearing a concerned expression.
“Now we're gonna be overrun,” the elderly woman tenant said. “You'd better get another cat pronto!”
Gerald went up to his room and closed the door. At least he knew for sure that the arsenic that he had in his possession was the real thing. Shame about the cat. However, exactly when he was going to be able to deal Florence with a lethal dose was another question. Perhaps Philippa could help him out. After all, she did declare her hatred of Florence which was a strange thing for a best friend to say, but it might prove useful to him.
Gerald hadn't had a shower for three days. Instead, he had a good wash at his sink and put on his last clean shirt. That was the problem with living on your own in digs, he thought. You had to organise all these chores yourself just to look decent. He didn't want to go round to Philippa’s house smelling like a bum.
If it wasn't for the local Chinese laundry, he would never have any ironed shirts. But maintaining a certain appearance cost money and his overall allowance just about permitted him to survive. It really wasn't good enough and only added to his frustration. 
This was why it was so handy to have a girlfriend like Florence who didn't mind paying for things. In one sense it was very impractical to kill her, because part of his money supply would dry up. Once again, he found himself conflicted about the whole issue. Gerald’s mind was almost beginning to crack under the strain of going round and around like a Ferris wheel.
But what he was rebelling against was the stranglehold that he would be under; the unwanted role that Florence’s uncle would play in his life. Or was he just being stupidly idealistic? After all, her uncle Damian represented financial security, and so was it so bad to reciprocate a little in his turn? 
What was really wrong about the idea of working for her uncle Damian anyhow, he wondered? It could probably turn into quite a cosy relationship. With a man like Damien behind him, he could reach for the stars. But as soon as he had this thought he chided himself. This was defeatism pure and simple, and Gerald knew he was made of sterner stuff than that. He didn’t want to be any man’s lacky.
Before he left his room, he opened the drawer of his bureau and looked down at the pouch of arsenic that was just innocently sitting there waiting to be used. But all roads had been temporarily blocked where that was concerned. He was hoping that perhaps Philippa could come up with some ideas.
He would see her and play it by ear. She might just agree to cooperate with him, depending on her strength of feeling. But what would be the price? Would she betray him? In which case, he could wind up in jail for a very long time with no future. No prospect of being part of the polite solvent society that people like Uncle Damien moved around in. Gerald would be a permanent outcast. Death would be the best option for him under those circumstances.
*  *  *
A woman greeted Gerald at the door of Philippa’s house, who he gathered was her mother. She didn't seem at all interested in who he was, when he asked to see her daughter. All she did was walk away from the door. Moments later Philippa, dressed in casual clothing with her hair quite untidy, stepped out of the house.
She smiled at him and pushed her hair back. “You'd better come round to the garden.”
He nodded as they sauntered around the side of the house and headed for what looked like an outhouse or shed. But it turned out to be a tool shed with a couple of chairs and a desk in it.
“I couldn't invite you in as it's a bit awkward at the moment,” she said. As soon as they went inside the shed she grabbed him and kissed him passionately on the lips. He breathed in her perfume which seemed to comprise a number of different things. He found himself becoming excited.
“That was your mom, huh?” he asked
She nodded. “If she wasn't here you could have come up to my room.”
“Can I sit down?” he asked grabbing a chair and looking around. It was a clean space which had tools and shelves with various bottles and containers on them.
“Would you like a soda?” she asked.


He sat down and stared up at the shelves. “No, I'm fine. What's that there?” he pointed at a large green metal can on the top shelf.
She frowned and stood on tiptoe to look at the label. “It says paraquet. Whatever that is.”
He nodded. “I've heard of that. I think my dad used to use it. Isn't it a weed killer?”
“Probably,” she replied with a disinterested shrug. She sat down on the other chair opposite him. “So what's happening?”
He looked down at her legs. “Well, I was thinking. I was wondering whether you would like to go out with me this week? And maybe be my steady girl?”
“Really? Do you mean that?” she said.
“Yes, I really do.”
 She was thoughtful. “Well, as Todd has now dumped me...”
“Todd?” he repeated. “Was he your regular date?”
She nodded. “Yeah, and he was quite a catch too. But now that he's gone off with...”
“Gone off with who?”
“Never mind.”
“No, tell me.”
Philippa seemed uncomfortable at this question. “Are you sure I can't get your soda?” 
He looked at her. “No, I'm fine thank you.”
“You're welcome.”
He found her mechanical politeness amusing. “Have you been going out with him for long?”
“I don't really want to talk about it.”
“Tod, huh?” he said thoughtfully.
“Todd Houseman actually!” she corrected him with a frown, brushing hair out of her eyes. “Does it matter?”
He shrugged. “No. But why does that name ring a bell?”
“Because he is the captain of the county basketball team,” she replied. “He's quite dreamy but he's nasty.”
He nodded his head. “Do you want me to get somebody to teach him a lesson for you? I know a guy who would do it for ten bucks.”
“I don't think Florence would be too pleased...” she said and then stared at him. 
“What do you mean, you don't think Florence would be too pleased?” Gerald asked with a frown. “Why? Does she know him?”
Philippa looked down into her hands and toyed with the little ring she had on her pinkie.  “Really, I don't want to talk about it.”
They were sitting quite close to each other with their knees practically touching. He reached over and took her hand. “Look, you can't do that,” he said. “You can't say things like that and then say you don't want to talk about it. What's Florence got to do with him?”
“Golly, you don't know anything, do you?”
“Like what?” he said becoming tense. “Are you going to tell me what you're talking about or what?”
She suddenly stood up and went to the door of the shed as if she was about to leave. She opened the door and looked across at the kitchen window of the main house. Gerald had a glimpse of her mother in the kitchen.
“If I tell you something, you've got to swear on your life that you're not gonna tell Florence that I told you.”
He shrugged. “Listen, she and I are practically finished anyway. Otherwise I wouldn't be here. So I promise I won't say a word.”
Philippa came back and sat on the chair and put her hands on his knees. The warmth of her hands stirred him slightly.
“She's going to kill me if she knew I told you,” she said.
“What? Told me what?” he asked trying to keep his voice calm.
“Okay, here goes,” she said with a sigh. “It's not your kid!”
“What? What are you talking about?”
“Florence’s baby isn't your baby,” she said almost spelling out her words. “It's Todd Houseman's baby, she is having Todd Houseman's baby.”
He stared at her and his mouth fell open. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“I knew I shouldn't have told you,” she said with a slight shake of her head. “Now there's going to be all hell to pay.”
Gerald was silent for a long moment as he tried to take in what she had just told him. Are you actually telling me that she's having Todd houseman's baby? Is this some sort of a sick joke?”
‘I knew I shouldn’t have said anything,’ she said getting to her feet again.
He grabbed her arm. ‘Phillipa…”
“Look, I’m not making this up, okay! It’s the God’s honest truth.”
Gerald found this revelation to be so outrageous that he just couldn't accept it. “I don't get it. So, how do you know all this? Did she tell you?”
Philippa leaned against the wall of the shed and folded her arms. “Well she more or less tells me everything. But it's all mixed up with other stuff, lies, stories, she's terrible. You can't really trust a word she says, but I know this is true. I saw it with my own eyes. She goes out with him every night, practically. He's got this racer and they drive all over the state.”
He nodded, his voice low. “Well it's funny that mostly when I phone her she never picks up the phone.”
“The reason is because she’s out with Todd.”
“Are you just saying all this because you want to go out with me?” he said.
“Jesus! I'm telling you all this because it's true,” she replied. “But I didn't really want to tell you. You forced me to tell you. And now that I've told you, you're accusing me of lying more or less.”
He didn't know what to say to this. Her face looked earnest enough. But he knew some girls could be blatant liars, although she was from a good family. He was completely perplexed, as what she said did tally with his experience. He had phoned Florence on numerous occasions, and she hadn't answered her phone. And he had gone round to her apartment and discovered that she wasn't in or wasn't answering the door. So, like Philippa said, she must have been out with Tod.
He didn't know whether to be pleased or shocked because this revelation let him off the hook. Actually, he was feeling quite numb overall. Mentally tired from all the plotting and planning he had been doing which had come to no avail. But this really was good news, a welcome breather for him. At least it should have been.
If it was true that she was going with Todd houseman then he could just walk away. It meant that he didn't have to go through with his machinations anymore. He was a free man. However, it didn't explain why Florence was still insisting that it was his child and pressurising him to marry her. This was the bit that didn't make sense to him.
Philippa was studying him. “Well it's the truth. So what are you going to do about it? Do you really love her?”
“No,” he said. “She's too much of a pain in the neck. I'd rather be with somebody like you.”
She smiled at this and took a step towards him. “But I'm not as rich as Florence. Sure I get an allowance but not very much.” 
“That doesn't matter,” he said as he tried to puzzle the situation out. “But are you absolutely sure Florence is having Todd Houseman's baby? I mean absolutely?”
“I can only go on what she told me?” she replied. “The thing is this is all to do with her inheritance from her uncle. Plus, she really loves Todd, she told me so, but she doesn't want to get him into trouble with her uncle. So she wants someone to put the blame on for the baby. So she’s putting the blame on you!”
“So she's putting the blame on me, huh?” he repeated as the truth of her words gradually took hold. 
“Yeah,” Philippa  said. “Then her uncle won’t cut her off and she can go and marry Tod. See she’s going to say that you forced yourself on her!”
“What!”
Philippa shrugged. “Are we gonna stay in here or are we gonna go someplace?”
“We can go and have a soda somewhere if you want.”
She nodded but remained where she was. “Yeah, okay.”
He blinked his eyes several times. “Forced myself on her? No, that’s not what happened. So what you're saying is that I'm being used as a sort of... fall guy. I'm the one who's gonna get the blame and then she's going to go off with Todd Houseman and live happily ever after.”
“Yeah. She told me that soon she was going to blow you out.”
“Blow me out!”
“Yeah, tell you to take a hike, because really she wants to be with Todd houseman. His dad is really rich.”
“What does his dad do?” he asked.
“I think he is some sort of attorney who works for the government,” she replied with a sigh.
“I can't believe this,” he said. “I mean only the other day, the day before yesterday she was saying that she was waiting for me to book an appointment at the registry office.”
Philippa shrugged. “It's all part of an act because she knows that you don't really want to do it.”
He had an idea. “Okay, suppose I booked an appointment at the registry office, what would she do then?”
“Probably she wouldn't turn up; she would either be off with Todd somewhere or would pretend to be sick or something like that.”
“Maybe I should do it then,” he said. “Just to test her. Just to test that what you're saying is true.”
“It's true all right,” Philippa replied with absolute certainty. “But forget her. I want you to know that I've always liked you, even if I never spoke to you. I want you to be with me not her.”
He got up from his chair and put his arms around her and pulled her close. “And I want to be with you. It doesn't matter that we don't have any money.” 
She looked up into his face. “You're not just saying that are you Gerald? You're not gonna have your way with me and then dump me are you?”
His eyes widened. “Me have my way with you? You're the one who had her way with me! Or have you forgotten already?”
She smiled. “So, what are we doing then?”
He looked down at his shoes. “We’ll go for a soda,” he replied. “But you’ll have to lend me the money.”
She nodded without hesitation. “Okay and you don’t even have to pay me back!”

Chapter Ten
When Gerald got back to the boarding house he felt as if Florence had stabbed him in the heart. He had a terrible sense of betrayal, even though he himself had been planning to murder her. But then he believed that his own thoughts and feelings had always been justified whereas Florence's were unforgivable.
Sitting drinking soda and eating donuts with Philippa enabled him to get a fully rounded view of what Florence was all about. She was in fact grooming him for a downfall, so it seemed. Philippa did not pull her punches and answered all his questions. She knew more about Florence than he ever did. 
Seen through Phillipa’s eyes, Florence was a vain, greedy, big mouthed, hateful, money grabbing, conniving, evil bitch! She gave the appearance of being kind and generous as she would treat her friends to milkshakes and ice cream sodas. She would give Gerald money. But this was just for appearances sake, while in fact she had her eyes on bigger things. It appeared that in the game of life she was trying to run before she could walk. She was looking for shortcuts and ruthlessly discarding people along the way such as Philippa.
To become Mrs Houseman would be a big deal. It seemed that he was quite a big fish in the small pond, which is what their little town amounted to. Apparently her uncle Damian had her on a bit of a tight leash. Getting married to Todd houseman would be a way of achieving freedom and a certain amount of financial independence. 
It all went back to her fundamentalist religious fanatic’s grandfather’s Will, which put a good marriage on a pedestal. It was a condition of Probate that if followed would really benefit all beneficiaries. Uncle Damian himself had benefited from it, but even he only had partial control of the wealth, which was considerable. The rest of the money was in a trust and the one way to release the locked up wealth was for the next generation to marry into a good family. This therefore applied to both Florence and her sister Lauren. But the proviso was that it would have to be a Christian marriage!
Gerald would never have come into the equation. According to Philippa, Todd had taken advantage of Florence and got her pregnant. But this would not have gone down very well either with Uncle Damian or the trustees of the fund. Everything had to appear to be above board to go through smoothly. 
This meant that as far as the public were concerned Todd Houseman could not be the father of the child. It had to be legitimised by a proper marriage. It couldn’t appear as if Florence had been forced to get married by getting pregnant. This would have tarnished Todd’s reputation and his family's likewise. So the finger of blame was set up so that it pointed squarely at Gerald. He could be the fall guy. Florence could then marry Todd without the stigma.
It meant that at some point Gerald was going to be named and shamed. Then Florence could smoothly move on and continue with Todd, something which she had been doing for months anyway. At least, according to Philippa. But it was all about public perception and the families retaining their reputations. 
Gerald realised that, though he no longer had to follow through on his desperate plan, Florence still had a nasty surprise in store for him. Only now he knew about it. She was going to dump him unceremoniously but in the full glare of public opprobrium. He was going to be ruined and at such a tender age as well.
Philippa had revealed all, and apparently it had been a plan which had been cooking for months. She even speculated that Florence's uncle was the architect of it and knew all about Gerald and the baby. It was really a rescue plan. It would enable Florence to hold her head up high in public and be seen as the innocent victim of a desperate young man from an undesirable family.
As Gerald laid on his bed staring at the ceiling for several minutes, he had an acute sense of panic. It was as if rope was being tightened around his throat. It seemed that Uncle Damian had him exactly where he wanted him to be, under his thumb ready to be squashed. 
Gerald clutched at the blanket that he was lying on as tears of frustration filled his eyes. It was also the thought that he was being held so cheaply by Florence whom he had actually considered marrying. How could she be so evil? What had he done that she was prepared to betray him just like that, as if he was worthless? As if all the good times they’d had together meant nothing?
How many times had she said that she loved him and wanted him in her life. When she said these things, they were said with such loving emotion, that he had been completely taken in by them. Was it that she simply was just a very good actress who could feign emotion at the drop of a hat?
As he lay there trying to puzzle it out, it also appeared to him that they had been seen out in public quite a lot together. Yet her association with Todd Houseman had been very secretive. Was this so that people could see that Gerald was the key player in all of this, and was no doubt the reprehensible one? Was it all just for show?
Gerald suddenly swung himself up into a sitting position. He had so many questions and so few satisfactory answers. But he had no doubt now that Philippa had been telling him the truth. In fact, she herself had an axe to grind against Florence who had stolen Todd away from her. 
But Gerald was sure that Todd had just been using Philippa and had no serious intentions where she was concerned. This might be explained by some of Phillipa’s quite gross behaviour, as Gerald's saw it. The girl was just too forward, and Gerald didn't mind it in private. But he would have been embarrassed if Philippa displayed anything like that in a public place. Todd, from a good family, would also have been put off by it.
Also, Philippa wasn't really Gerald’s type. She had a sort of vague prettiness about her, but she was too short. In fact, she was probably used to rejections from young men who used her and then abandoned her. Probably, she had gone through several young men and was now desperately turning her attention to him. 
If that was the case, it would be an embarrassment for him to be seen with her on a regular basis. He therefore decided that as far as a long term relationship was concerned it was a dead end. People would have laughed at them as an odd couple. And even though she was well groomed, her fashion sense was slightly off. Her choice of colour combinations was too brash and a little bit old fashioned. 
She gave the appearance of being out of step with the times, Gerald thought to himself with a shiver. For a young man of his sense of self-worth, he could not possibly contemplate a union with her. They would be a laughingstock.
He got up from his bed and went to the window to look out at the backyards that surrounded him. As a distant observer, it was impossible to really realise what other people were going through or what their story was. Since moving into the boarding house, he had noticed a young woman who was quite attractive, living nearby. She had a husband who didn't look remarkable, although he appeared tough. Gerald deduced that he was some sort of blue collar worker, but they seemed happy enough. 
They would occasionally have barbecues in their yard, and they would have friends around. It appeared to Gerald that they didn't have a care in the world, and yet here he was with heaps of worry on his shoulders. In fact, it was worse than that, he was staring into the face of possible personal extinction. It seemed so unfair. And he could either take it or he could do something about it. But what?
At least he knew what was going to happen, if he could trust Phillipa's account. It was now down to him to take some rear guard action and protect himself. He had to.
The first thing that occurred to him, was surely a blood test would prove beyond doubt that the baby wasn't his? If he was faced with a legal challenge or accusations of rape or something of that kind, the child’s paternity could be questioned. That would prove beyond doubt the child was not his. This struck him as being a very large loophole in his favour. 
Also, on another note, there was something not right about Lauren's husband’s death. Bruce was supposed to have committed suicide and yet from what Florence had told Gerald, he hadn't had enough time to write a suicide note. It made him wonder whether they were really a family of murderers or something, like the Spanish Borgias. His own plan of poisoning Florence seem very petty and ineffectual by comparison.
But if he was going to survive, he needed to get some solid facts to work with. He really needed to verify what Philippa had told him.
*  *  *
Gerald was finding that the more he got embroiled in the situation, the more neglectful he was of his schoolwork. At the end of the day, his progress in life was determined by his senior grades and by a solid reference from the Dean. Getting into the right university was key. However, being a bright student with an aptitude for study meant it wouldn't be too difficult to catch up on the last two weeks of complete neglect.
But his first instinct was to go marching round to see Florence and demand the truth. After all, what Philippa had told him was life shattering and needed to be addressed. What she had told him was so shocking that there was a good chance that it wasn't true. He didn't really know Philippa that well. For all he knew she could have just made up a very tall tale to get him to dump Florence. 
There is no doubt that Philippa was attracted to him, but she may have dreamed up this fantastical story in desperation. So if he was going to start anywhere, the first place to start was to verify a few facts.
According to Philippa, Florence was seeing Todd Houseman on a regular basis and so this should be quite easy to verify. All Gerald had to do was to stake out Florence's apartment and see who her visitors were. As it happened, there was a sort of small park opposite her block. He could easily go and hide himself in there and have a good view of what was happening at Florence's residence. But he might need transport to follow her.
Although Gerald could drive, he had been taught by his father, he did not have a regular licence. But in those days the law was quite lax, and he could either rent a car or borrow a friend’s car. But because he didn't want to have to give his friend an explanation, he decided to rent one instead. Of course, the main problem would be finding the money for the rental. He was sure though, that he could borrow it from his parents.
First, before he did any of that, he needed to watch Florence for at least a week. Then he could see whether Todd Houseman was really making regular visits. So he decided to begin this new campaign that very evening and behave normally but put Florence under close observation. 
It would be tempting just to ask her straight out about Ted Houseman, although this could place a serious spanner in the works. Especially, as from Philippa’s account, Florence’s uncle was supposed to have it in for him. Gerald did not want to rattle the old man’s cage unnecessarily and so for the moment decided to wear his detective’s hat instead. 
He didn’t go to any classes in the morning but spent it planning his next move. When he went in at lunchtime to have lunch at the canteen, he spotted Florence straight away. She was standing at the entrance of the lunchroom with some books under her arm, looking quite agitated. As soon as he came in, she ran up to him and hugged him as if she hadn't seen him for a month.
“Gerald where the hell have you been? I've been ringing your boarding house, but nobody picks up the phone.”
He put his arm around her half-heartedly. “When did you ring?”
“Twice last night and once this morning, but nobody picked up,” she said, her anxious eyes staring into his.
“Are you sure?” he said. “I've practically been in all the time, and nobody has rung. The landlady would have picked up and knocked on my door. And I would have heard it.”
She pulled her head back and frowned. “Well I did! Maybe you didn't hear it, maybe you were reading or something and...”
“Oh, come on,” he said interrupting her. “I should know if somebody rang my house. You can hear the damn phone from a mile away.”
“Gerald I am not a liar!” she said. “I just don't know what's got into you lately.”
Gerald let out an exasperated sigh. “Are you going to lunch or what?”
“Yes I was going to have lunch,” she replied.
He nodded and led the way into the lunchroom, and they stood in a short queue at the servery. “Those croquet potatoes look alright,” he commented.
“I'll have the macaroni cheese,” she said.
Gerald grimaced. “I don't know how you can eat that shit!”
Florence looked at him with a shocked expression. “Jesus Gerald, are you in some kind of a bad mood or what?”
“If you want to know the truth, yes I am,” he said barely able to keep his cool.
They were served by the staff at the glass counter, and they took their plates of food back to a table. Gerald had a slice of ham and some bullet peas and fries with his and Florence just went with the macaroni cheese.
They found their usual table by the window. They sat down and Florence stared at him. “So what's the matter with you?” she demanded.
He hadn't planned to confront her at this point but the temptation to blurt it all out was strong. “Are you being truthful with me?” he asked directly.
“Truthful about what?” she said as she began picking at her dry meal.
“I know you're having a baby,” he said as he cut himself a slice of the ham. “But do you really want to marry me? You haven't talked about it in a while.  You could have anyone, any of the rich kids, so why me?”
Florence knitted her brows and paused with her fork suspended in the air. “Are you serious? I don't get why you're saying this. The moment I first saw you, I knew I wanted to marry you. I don't want anyone else. I feel like I've known you all my life. And I thought you loved me too, but it seems you don't anymore. Otherwise, you wouldn't be asking me these dumb questions!”
Gerald put his knife and fork down on the plate and stared directly into her eyes. “So you're not seeing anyone else then? Because I heard a rumour that you're seeing someone.”
There was genuine hurt in her expression. “What? Who told you this? Because whoever did is lying.”
“So how come whenever I phone you don't answer?” he asked. “And there you are blaming me for not answering!”
“Yes I do! When don't I answer?”
He laughed dryly. “Practically every time. Every time I ring I have to keep ringing before you pick up, but mostly you don't. That's a fact and you can't deny that. So it makes me think you're not in, or maybe you're seeing someone.”
“Gerald, I am not seeing anyone except you,” she said with emphasis. “So where did you hear this rumour about me then? And who am I supposed to be seeing?”
Gerald stared at her for a moment but didn't want to reveal his sources and so he said, “A friend told me they saw you in a car with Todd Houseman!”
Florence almost gagged on her mouthful of macaroni. “Todd Houseman? Are you kidding me? The guy is a creep!”
“So you know him then?” he said.
“Yes, but only because Lauren is friends with him,” she said unhesitatingly.
“So how did Lauren get to meet him if she doesn't even live around here?” he asked.
“They went to uni together,” Florence replied. “Also he's an old man, and I wouldn't go out with him if you paid me!”
“You mean he's a couple of years older than you?” he said not sure what to think.
She nodded and continued eating her meal. “This is a stupid conversation. Whoever you've been speaking to doesn't know what they're talking about.”
“So has he ever come round to your apartment” he asked.
“No!” she replied indignantly. But she said this so convincingly that Gerald found himself unsure of his grounds. For the moment it did seem that Philippa had been making it all up. But he couldn't take anyone's word for it. He needed to check things out for himself. Spying on Florence was the only thing he could do to ascertain the absolute truth.
“So how's the baby then?” he asked staring down over the table at her stomach which he noted had not increased in size.
She patted her midriff. “Jerry is doing just fine!”
“Jerry?” he said with a puzzled look on his face.
“That's what I'm going to call him if he's a boy,” she said with a half-smile.
For the moment Gerald had run out of questions but found himself even more perplexed. Florence's believable denials of Philippa’s assertions were quite convincing. But he did note that she almost seemed prepared for these questions. Her outrage at being falsely accused wasn't strong enough. These were, after all, devastating accusations, and she was almost flippant in her rebuttals. Thinking about it, her denials did seem to lack an element of conviction. 
“I also heard other stuff,” he said, not satisfied.
She had now finished her meal, but Gerald was only halfway through his. They hadn’t bothered getting any dessert. Usually at this point they would just leave the lunchroom, but Gerald was too disorientated. Florence's reactions had thrown him.
“Look,” she said. “Whoever you've been talking to, is just a liar.”
“Do you want me to tell you who's been saying these things?” he said goading her.
Florence suddenly stood up, wiping her mouth with a napkin. “If you really love me you wouldn't believe in all that junk. So I don't really care!” She then picked up her books and walked out of the lunchroom.
*  *  *
Gerald didn't see Florence for the rest of the day and presumed that he must have upset her so much that she had gone home. Then he remembered that she only had one class that afternoon. He attended the rest of his classes and then sauntered to the drugstore to pick up some groceries. That morning he had received a letter from his folks with his monthly allowance in it and a cursory note from his mother. There was just enough money for him to survive on. The job he had at the restaurant was casual and he was only usually called in when it was very busy on inconvenient nights. For the moment, his work had dried up completely.
But it seemed that his parents were having problems. Apparently, their landlord had dramatically put up the rental on their tiny house which was causing them some concern. Gerald was going to phone them. But he decided just to send a letter back in the mail. He didn't want to hear his mother or father whining about the expense he was incurring.
At the drugstore he picked up some milk, bread, peanut butter, beer and cigarettes. It was amazing how sustaining peanut butter was, and Gerald had discovered that it was possible to live on it. It had sugar and protein in it which seems to provide sufficient substance for a student of his age. But mostly, he spent his money on rent for the room in the boarding house, cigarettes and beer. 
To save a bit of money, he had got into the habit of washing his shirts in a bowl of soapy water then hanging them over the sink to dry. He had even borrowed an iron from his landlady which got really hot, and he had, on a couple of occasions, burnt his fingers.
Obviously, he was not satisfied with his life in the boarding house. And when it came to going to university, he just hoped that he could get some kind of a grant to pay for everything. It was absolutely essential that he got his head down and won the top grades for his class work and any future examinations.
He went over to his bureau, opened the drawer and stared down at the little pouch of arsenic that he had made. He debated whether he should throw it away. If what Philippa had told him was true then he could just dispose of it. But if she had created this elaborate lie for reasons best known to her, then killing Florence still seemed like the best option. However, his motivation to do this had waned considerably. 
Not having contemplated it for a few days, the idea did now seem rather extreme and unnecessary. It had become more about strategy and believing that he could do the impossible.  The idea had virtually turned into an academic exercise. He closed the drawer of the bureau and went and sat on his bed and sighed heavily. He was depressed, no doubt about it.
The only way he was going to get any clarity was to ascertain Florence's connection with Todd Houseman. In fact, Gerald didn't even know what he looked like, but assumed that he was just another big handsome jock. He checked his wristwatch and decided that he would begin his new campaign in a couple of hours.

Chapter Eleven
Gerald decided that the best time to begin his surveillance of Florence's apartment was around five o'clock. The little park which was opposite her block closed late evening and so this wouldn't be an impediment to his plan. There were also enough bush's around the perimeter of the park to enable him to hide. He noted that the weather was quite clement and ideal to go out in.
He had a quick beer and a peanut butter sandwich and then changed into his disguise, consisting of his fishing hat and his father's old jacket. The hat was useful in that it could be brought down over his eyes. 
He then set off for Florence’s apartment but was able to bypass her street completely and enter the park from another entrance. He made his way to the row of bush's which were just on the other side of the metal railings that made up the park’s perimeter. He concealed himself and still had a good view of her apartment.
But as soon as he arrived, he saw Lauren leaning out of the window wearing a bathrobe. She appeared to be looking up the street and did not notice Gerald hidden just a few yards away. He kept his head down and found that he could crouch on the ground and still get a full view of the apartment’s windows from behind the foliage.
Lauren pulled her head back in and Gerald tried to get a view of the inside of the dwelling. But it was very dim, and he thought he caught a view of Florence walking passed. Gerald's knees began to hurt and so he just sat on the ground behind the bushes and metal railings. He remained hidden for about forty minutes, seeing nothing much and was soon beginning to feel bored. Sitting on the ground was also very cold. It was then that Florence made a sudden appearance at the window and pulled it closed. She glanced out briefly and then disappeared without spotting him.
The ground was feeling increasingly uncomfortable. So he got to his feet, keeping his head down and wandered along the row of foliage to see if he could find something to sit on. He did come across a log, but it was too heavy to move. Nevertheless, he sat down in it and found he still had a good view of the apartment. He would still be able to see if Florence had any visitors or not.
Another hour passed with Gerald feeling more and more fidgety, and was now alternatively standing up and sitting down and looking around. When he checked his watch again he saw it was nearly seven o'clock. He reasoned that as this was a school night, if nobody turned up in the next half hour they probably weren't going to.
 So he waited another half an hour and then decided to return to the boarding house. Probably, if he was going to catch Florence out, the best time would be Friday or at the weekend.
Glancing one more time at the apartment windows, he decided to give up for the evening. He walked back across the park noting that the sky was becoming cloudy. When he was halfway across the grounds, he heard a car speeding up along the road where Florence lived. He turned around and saw a smart dark red door Chevy coupe pull up outside Florence's block. A youngish blonde man got out and went into the building. If Gerald had left five minutes earlier, he would have missed him.
This surely had to be Todd Houseman, Gerald thought. Gerald quickly walked back to his original position hidden behind the bushes and stared up at Florence's window. The window was closed and so it was not possible to hear any clear conversation. However, he distinctly heard a male voice saying “No, no, no…” There was clearly a full scale argument going on and at one point he saw Florence standing by the window waving her arms. 
Gerald could only guess that the argument might have been about him questioning her regarding Todd. Gerald wasn't sure what to do next, but remained where he was as the weather gradually got colder. He remained there for another hour but there is no sign that the man was going to leave the apartment.
Gerald decided to return to his boarding house. It appeared that Florence had received a visitor. But listening carefully, Gerald could distinctly hear the timbre of a male voice intermittently coming from Florence's apartment. All he needed to verify now was that Todd Houseman had a dull red Chevy coupe. It didn't seem like a particularly luxurious car for a wealthy young man like Todd and so this needed to be checked out. To do this Gerald thought he would go and see Philippa on the way back home. She would surely know.
He set off and it didn't take him long to get to her house, but he was feeling quite dehydrated and could use a beer. He was sure that Philippa would give him something. When he arrived at her house he tapped on the front door and a middle aged man opened it and stared at him in an unfriendly manner. Before Gerald could say anything, Philippa herself came to the door and took over. “It's alright dad this is for me,” she said. Her father moved away.
“Hi,” Gerald said. “I just wanted to ask you a quick question.”
“Shoot!” Phillipa replied leaning against the door frame. She was dressed in casual clothes and wore a pair of shorts.
Gerald stared down at her legs as he always tended to do. “What kind of car does Ted Houseman have?”
“What?” she said. “Do you want to come round to the shed?”
Gerald nodded his head. “Okay, and you couldn't get me a soda could you? I’m real parched!”
“Just go around the back of the house and I'll meet you in a moment,” she said going back inside and closing the door.
Gerald sauntered round to the back garden but found that the shed door was padlocked. He stood there waiting for a moment and noticed Philippa’s father staring at him from the kitchen window. A couple of minutes later Philippa came out with two filled-up glasses. To Gerald they looked as if they had beer in them.
Philippa handed him a glass and then attempted to pull open the shed door but realised it was locked. “Let's sit by the pond.”
Gerald glanced towards a small pond on the other side of the garden which was surrounded by garden chairs. They went over and sat down, and Gerald took a pull of his drink which turned out to be beer. He then took another gulp and then drank it all the way down.
Philippa was staring at him. “My you must have been thirsty!”
“Yeah, I was!” he said.
Philippa sipped her drink. “So what were you saying?”
“What colour is Todd Houseman's car?”
“Green,” she replied. “It's a green Lotus.”
“Are you sure?” Gerald said with a frown.
Philippa smiled. “I should know, I've been in it enough times. I've even made out in it!”
“You've even made out in it?” he repeated not quite believing his ears.
“God yes,” she said taking  another sip of her drink. “Why?”
Gerald passed his lips. “So who's got a dark red Chevy then?”
Philippa tilted her head slightly. “Well, I know Bruce has got a red car, but I don't know if it's a Chevy or not.”
“Bruce?” Gerald repeated. “Lauren’s Bruce?”
She nodded.
“Well it couldn't have been Bruce’s car because he's dead!”
“What couldn't have been Bruce's car?” she asked.
“Swear you won't tell Florence I was here,” he said.
“Okay I swear,” she agreed staring at him. “But what makes you think Bruce is dead? We are definitely talking about Lauren's Bruce aren't we?”
“Yes, he committed suicide didn't he, the other day?” Gerald said. “That's why Lauren is staying with Florence.”
Philippa looked down into her drink. “Who's telling you this stuff? When was Bruce supposed to have killed himself then?”
Gerald sighed. “Florence told me that Bruce committed suicide. He crashed his car deliberately.”
“Oh that!” Phillipa said as she apparently realised what he was talking about. “Bruce isn't dead, they're just doing a con on the insurance company.”
This revelation was almost too much for Gerald to bear. “What? But Bruce is rich isn't he? And Lauren is certainly loaded. So why would they want to do something like that?”
Philippa stood up and walked to the edge of the pond. “Because they are now broke! Lovely uncle Damian has cut Lauren off. See, she wouldn't do stuff for him, so her allowance was stopped, and she's now cut out of the Will as well. From what I heard she's desperate for money.”
“What do you mean when you say she wouldn’t do stuff for him? What stuff?” he asked.
Philippa look back at him. “Stuff, you know. Look, Gerald, she's just lying to you. Florence is lying to you! Can't you see that? And she's going to get all the money and Lauren is going to be cut out unless she takes her uncle to court. Florence is trying to help her. But to tie them over they’re just doing this insurance thing.”
Gerald nodded and put his glass on the floor next to him. “I see. So Bruce has got a red car, and so it could be him there at the apartment now?”
Philippa shrugged. “I don't know. What makes you say that?”
“Because I have spent the last three hours watching her apartment from the park and  freezing my butt off!”
She looked at him with amazement. “You have? Why the hell were you doing that?”
“I just wanted to catch her with Todd Houseman,” he said.
“In other words you didn't believe me,” Philippa replied with a hurt expression on her face.
He shrugged. “I just needed some proof is all. You can't blame me for that.”
“I guess not,” she said with a sigh. “But I'm not a liar. Todd has got a green Toyota and he's a tall guy with blonde hair.”
Gerald blinked his eyes several times. “Well the guy I saw go into Florence's apartment block had blonde hair too. And he turned up in a red Chevy.”
“Sounds like Bruce to me,” she said.
“Have you ever met Bruce?” Gerald asked.
“Yes. I used to hang around Florence all the time but since Todd dumped me and he's gone off with her, I hardly see her anymore.”
“Is that why you hate her?” he asked staring at her.
“What makes you think I hate her?” 
He rubbed his forehead with his thumb. “You said so the other day.”
“Did I?” she said glancing towards the kitchen window. “Oh, my mom is waving to me which means it's time for supper. I would invite you, but they don't know you yet. Do you wanna meet up tomorrow? We can go to Casey’s, the new dive that's just opened up. They're offering twenty-five percent off. I got the flyer.”
Now that Gerald had a little bit of cash in his pocket he agreed to accompany her. He also simply needed to get to the bottom of her fantastic story. It was confusing. But he was becoming increasingly convinced that Florence was being deceitful to him. Philippa spoke with such certainty it was impossible to think that she was making it all up. If what she said was all true, then he realised that he didn't know Florence at all.
*  *  *
They met up the next evening and Caseys turned out to be a jazz orientated bar, but the drinks were far too expensive. Gerald swore he would never go there again. It turned out though that Philippa liked to dance, and she managed to drag him out on the floor on a couple of occasions. He tried to enter into the spirit, but his mind was too gummed up to enjoy anything.
To be fair she contributed to the bill at the end of the evening and so he was starting to regard her as a bit of an asset. Not many young women were prepared to put their hands in their pocket and pay for anything, he had noted. For the time being he thought he would hang on to her until he was clear about what he wanted to do. 
More importantly, what he did discover was Todd Houseman's address which was in an upmarket residential part of the town. It was about two miles from where he lived. There were also two bus routes which he could use if he wanted to go there. He was sufficiently motivated to want to familiarise himself with this man who was technically his rival. 
Then again Todd might be totally innocent and have nothing to do with Florence whatsoever. Gerald was only taking Philippa’s word for it. For the sake of his own sanity Gerald just needed to know one way or the other. What didn’t make sense, was why someone like Todd would have had anything to do with Philippa in the first place. They could never have been an item. Gerald could only think it was because she was easy, and that's as far as it went.
They took a cab back to Phillipa’s house, and the evening, all in all, had put quite a dent in his wallet even though she paid half. This certainly was not something he could do every night of the week. Gerald paid the cabbie who drove off, which left him with a half-an-hours’ walk back to the boarding house. 
He and Philippa kissed passionately outside her house under the porch. It seemed that her parents we're very much into doing their own thing and were quite happy to allow Philippa to do hers. Perhaps they knew that she was a bit of a doxy and didn’t care, Gerald thought.
However, when Gerald got back to his boarding house, he was now one hundred percent certain that Florence had been lying to him. She was, he was sure, living a double life but he had not managed to see it yet with his own eyes. 
He took his jacket off and hung it on the hook on the door and then lit up a cigarette and sat on his lonely bed. He knew that some people spent their whole lives in boarding-houses, and it was no life for a civilised man with ambitions. He was originally anticipating getting his own apartment or house with Florence but that was clearly now just a pipe dream.
Gerald made up his mind that once he left high school and went on to uni, he would move. He would probably have to anyway, into better circumstances. But he needed more money. He had heard stories of young men desperate for cash offering their services to middle-aged women as escorts. He didn't quite understand the mechanics of it. But apparently if you were clean and well-dressed, a lonely woman would be happy to go to a venue with you and pay for everything. For this service he could charge a fee. It was something worth thinking about as his casual job at the restaurant was now effectively non-existent.
Also, he had heard from other young male students that he could get work in the building trade as a fetcher and carrier. It paid quite well, but the hours were long, and the work killed you. But he did know a guy called Sonny who was a carpenters’ sidekick, and he took home a good wage. But the work was sometimes sporadic.
Gerald was beginning to learn how crucially essential money really was to ones’ existence. It filled him with hatred for someone like Damien Goldsby. Gerald thought it interesting that even his niece Lauren, who shouldn't have had any money worries, was involved in an insurance con. Clearly Florence’s uncle was a truly nasty old man and he needed to have his lights punched out. If Phillipa was right, that Goldsby was planning to victimise him to save Florence’s reputation, then maybe it was Damien that Gerald should be poisoning.
Gerald laid back on his bed and dragged heavily on his cigarette, flicking ash into his little homemade tin foil ashtray. What would happen, he wondered if Damien Goldsby was taken out of the equation? Suppose he just fell down dead, which he could do at his age, then what? Gerald didn't quite know how old he was but from accounts he sounded as if he was in his late fifties, maybe older. He could in theory just drop down dead at any time.
And if he did pass away, how would that affect Florence's inheritance, Gerald pondered. For one thing perhaps she wouldn't have to go through with this charade of pretending she wanted to marry him. But probably, the reality of the situation was that Damien Goldsby was more concerned with his own reputation and wanted to limit any public relations damage. Or perhaps he wanted his nieces to marry men who would be useful to him?
Questions, question, questions with few answers. Gerald went over everything in his mind one more time And it did seem that only somebody like Goldsby could be the architect of such a scheme. And the more he thought about it, Gerald realised that Florence didn't have that degree of nastiness in her. To heartlessly string him along. Then make it known that he had forcibly got her pregnant so that he could take the blame and be the social outcast. Even get him sent to jail over it. And then go on to marry the real villain, Todd houseman. No, she wasn’t that cruel.
This suggested that Todd Houseman and Florence's uncle we're probably both in it together and had both devised this terrible connivance. And Gerald could understand why Damien Goldsby would favour Todd Houseman over him. Because he was from a wealthy background, while Gerald was just an impoverished student, a nobody. If Gerald were in her uncle’s shoes he would probably feel the same way, that he was a loser and had to be taken out of the picture at some point.
As Gerald entertained these thoughts, he began to see Florence and Lauren as victims themselves of the evil old man. And when Philippa had told him that Uncle Damien had wanted Lauren to do stuff, he knew exactly what she meant. He was clearly a manipulative, perverted beast who needed to be dealt with.
Gerald was sure that all these problems would disappear if the old man just died. Gerald had been targeting the wrong person. And when Florence said she loved him, she would say it looking him directly in the eyes, giving every indication that she meant it. Perhaps she really did mean it and that her involvement with Todd was something like a western style arranged marriage, forced upon her.
Perhaps Florence was dating Todd Houseman but doing it under duress. If Gerald could just get her to admit this, then he would do something about the old man. After all, he still had the arsenic in his bureau drawer. He didn't know where Goldsby lived but probably he had a very comfortable home on one of the best local estates. He no doubt felt invulnerable and believed that nothing could touch him and wouldn't see Gerald coming. It was all something to think about, but it only added to Gerald’s mental confusion and distress.
He was too restless to go to sleep and so he decided to go for a walk down to Florence's  apartment and back. He just might get a glimpse of Todd Houseman which would help verify his suspicions. 
There was a rule in the boarding house that the doors were locked at ten in the evening. But this was not a problem as he would climb back in through the toilet window as he did before. Though it was late, Gerald knew he needed that walk to clear his head. So he got off his bed, put his jacket on and crept downstairs and went out through the front door. It wouldn't matter if the landlady then locked it again afterwards.
It was a cool evening and he walked down the streets not seeing a soul. An owl watched him from the top of a fence and reminded him off his earlier happy years at home with his parents. 
They were fond of animals and had a couple of pets, but the family cat never liked Gerald and the feeling was mutual. Gerald much preferred dogs and fish and birds anyway. This was why he didn't feel any guilt at all about poisoning the landlady’s pet. 
But in many respects he knew that cats paid for themselves as they kept down the rodent population. Without cats, Gerald was certain that the world would be overrun with them. Rats mice and probably other horrible creatures too. And it seemed to him without doubt now as he walked, smoking his cigarette, that Damien Goldsby was very much a rat himself. And without doubt he needed to be exterminated too.
*  *  *
Gerald knew that he needed to go into school just to have a break from the isolation of the boarding house. He could quite happy have easily lay on the bed smoking and drinking beer, and staring into space all day long. But it tended to breed macabre thoughts. The thought of killing himself with the arsenic was an idea he was recently contemplating. But the problem with that was that he had heard that people who were poisoned by arsenic suffered terrible headaches and nausea. So it wouldn't be a nice gentle death, where he could sink into oblivion and then eternal sleep.
But he regarded himself as a fighter and he was determined not to allow Damien Goldsby to step on him as if he were an insect. No, he was going to fight back. He wondered what  would happen if he found out where Goldsby lived, and then paid him a visit and asked him to explain himself. Probably it wouldn't be as easy as that and the man might even get the police involved.
Of course, there was always the option that he could spill the beans to Florence and tell her everything that Philippa had said. Perhaps even naming her as the informant. But then would Florence be persuaded to tell him the whole truth? He really needed to have another in depth conversation with her, otherwise he might end up going loopy and taking his own life. It was all turning into a bit of a carbuncle at the back of his mind which kept throbbing and leading him into blind alleys of thought. There is nothing worse than not knowing where you stood with someone, he thought.
Gerald didn't see Florence until lunchtime. As usual she was hovering around the entrance of the schools’ lunchroom, and she spotted him before he saw her. She flew into his arms and kissed him on the lips, and he noticed that her bump was definitely getting bigger. She was going to have this child no doubt about it.
“Gerald, darling I've been worrying about you,” she said hugging him tenderly. 
He looked down into her beseeching eyes. Was this pretty young woman really out to destroy him? If she was, she was certainly dragging it all out so painfully. 
“Are you okay? How's Jerry?” he asked trying to affect a lightness of tone which he didn't feel.
She took his hand, and they went into the lunchroom. “Jerry and I are starved!”
Gerald looked into her face and saw that it appeared to be plumper then the last time he had seen her. “I don't think macaroni is on the menu today,” he said.
She screwed up her nose. “Don't even say that word or I'll throw up!”
He smiled. “Macaroni, macaroni, one, two, three!”
“Oh don't,” she said punching him lightly on the arm. “I'm going to have the chicken pie and fries.” They were standing in a long queue which tended to form at the beginning of lunchtime.
“I think I'll have the same,” he said as they slowly moved along the servery and eventually got their order.
Gerald noticed that their usual table was taken and so instead, they sat on the other side of the lunchroom with their plates of food. They sat down opposite each other, and Gerald didn't know how to start the conversation. He didn't want to be an absolute bore and keep banging on about Todd Houseman, but he desperately needed to know the truth. He tried to think of a gambit to elicit the information from her in a different way. He was quiet for a moment.
“Gerald, what's the matter now?” she said as she broke the pie crust with her fork.
“The other day I was taking a walk and I happened to pass your apartment,” he said.
Her head swivelled. “You should have come up!”
“It was late, and I didn't want to bother you,” he said.
She reached out and took his hand. “My darling you are never a bother. I wish you had come up. Lauren is driving me crazy!”
He nodded. “Well I guess she would be, especially considering that Bruce is dead.” He said this just to see what she would say.
Her face was impassive. “I only told you that because that's what Lauren wants me to say.” She dropped her voice. “But please promise you won't say anything? Bruce is fine, they're just trying to do something to make a bit of money.”
“By lying and saying he’s dead?” he asked. “That’s a bit outrageous!”
She nodded and frowned.
He was surprised by her honesty. “So when I walked past your block and saw this guy getting out of a dark red car and going in, was that Bruce?”
Florence stop chewing. “Maybe. What day was that?”
“Two nights ago,” he said. “I get fed up just sitting in my room and I don't have a TV. So I like to go for a walk sometimes and then I saw this guy go into your block. I wasn’t spying on you, honest!”
She nodded. “Yeah that was Bruce. But please, please, please don't say a word to anyone. See, they're both so broke and my uncle won't give Lauren a penny. He can be a bit mean sometimes but I'm working on him.”
Gerald licked his lips. “Does he know about me? Your uncle?”
She shook her head. “Not yet, but I'm trying to build up the moxie to tell him. But all we have to do is get married Gerald. I don't know why we're not already married. Can't we arrange it this week?”
He half nodded. “Okay, if you're really serious.”
She put her knife and fork down on her plate. “Jesus Gerald! Are you having some kind of a nervous breakdown or something? How many more times do I have to ask you? Let's just do it at the weekend.”
“But I'd hate to book it, pay the money and then you don’t turn up at the registry office,” he said.
She shook her head and reached down into her handbag and pulled out three ten dollar bills and put them on the table. “Here's the cash, just book it.”
“But we have to get blood tests first,” he said. “and I don't know where to arrange that.”
Florence slowly picked up her cutlery and stabbed one of the fries on her plate and slowly put it into her mouth. “I keep forgetting about that.”
Gerald swept up the money and put it into his wallet. “I'll phone them tomorrow and find out where you go.”
“I'm pretty sure we can just get it done at the medical centre,” Florence said as she thought about it. “I don't know how much it will be, but it won't be expensive.”
Gerald sprinkled some salt on his chips and put three in his mouth. Her response to his questions seemed honest enough. She was even admitting that her sister was involved in some sort of a con. So this much was apparently true, but was the rest of the story?
“I'll definitely get all the information by tomorrow?” he said. “And are you sure you really want to go through with it?”
She knitted her eyebrows and looked into his eyes. “Gerald, I just don't understand you. How many more times must I tell you? You are the only one I love! I don't wanna be with anyone else. Certainly not with Todd Houseman, Jesus!”
Gerald twitched. “Why did you mention his name?”
“Huh? Because you’re worried about it. You said so!” she replied. “But it isn't true. He's just an old friend of Laurens and for a short time he was going with Philippa. But he dumped her. Now she's seeing some other guy.”
Gerald gaped at these words. “She's seeing some other guy?”
“Is there a parrot in the room? Yes,” she said. “He's some old guy businessman who gives her money. So what’s it to you?”
“Well, if you must know, she told me something,” he said throwing caution to the winds. “Philippa told me that you were definitely seeing Todd Houseman.”
“What?” she answered looking genuinely confused. “She told you that? Well, that is just such a lot of crap! When did you see her then?”
“Just the other day,” he replied. 
She stared down at her meal. “But you sound shocked. Why should you care who she seeing?”
Gerald stuttered. “I don't care. I'm just amazed that she can jump from one guy to another, just like that.”
Florence looked at him suspiciously. “So where did you see her then?”
Gerald had to think quickly. “In the drugstore. I was buying some beer and I saw her in the drugstore.”
“She never goes to the drugstore,” Florence said with a frown. “Her mom does all the shopping.”
Gerald shrugged. “Well, she was buying some cigarettes and there she was, and we got talking.”
“And my name came up?” Florence asked staring into his eyes. “And she told you I was going with Todd houseman, just like that?”
“Well not exactly,” Gerald said. “She was just asking when you and I were going to get married. And then the conversation went from one thing to another.” He hoped he sounded convincing.
Florence shook her head. “Maybe I ought to tell you that you can't trust anything she says. She's under a shrink at the moment.”
“A shrink?” Gerald queried. “You mean like a psychiatrist? What for?”
“She can't concentrate on her schoolwork,” Florence replied and sighed “Anyhow, I'm done! I can’t say I enjoyed that. You couldn't put my plate on the trolley could you?”
Gerald stared at her. “Aren't you going to wait for me?”
She got to her feet and looked down at him. “I've got to use the bathroom.”
Gerald watched as she collected her things and quickly left the lunchroom. It really did appear to be an urgent call of nature. He put one more fork full of food in his mouth, chewed and swallowed slowly. Then he got up and took their plates and cutlery to one of the trolleys which were parked next to the door.
He had maths and sociology that afternoon, and although he didn't feel like going in he knew he had to. He was getting behind, so he forced himself. But the conversation with Florence was strained and did not clear things up at all. He was now beginning to doubt Phillipa’s story. He was also a little shocked to learn that she was seeing somebody, this older guy. If this was true then where did it leave him? The whole thing was really starting to unhinge him.

Chapter Twelve
After school, Gerald stopped by the drugstore on the way back to the boarding house and got himself another packet of cigarettes. Usually, when it came to smoking, he would like to pace himself, but he had managed to smoke the last pack in less than a day.
When he got back to his boarding house, he was surprised to see Phillipa sitting on the metal stoop which was outside. She smiled up at him and got to her feet. “Hi!”
“I’m sorry, you can't come in,” he said. “The landlady won't allow it.”
“I did the other day! Anyways, I just saw her go out,” she replied.
Gerald cast his eyes down the street but didn't see anyone. “Okay, come in but keep your voice down.”
Gerald quickly opened the front door and they snuck into the house. Another tenant of the boarding house happened to be on the hallway phone, and he smiled at Gerald as they went up the stairs to his room.
Gerald let her into his room and took off his jacket. She flew into his arms and kissed him passionately on his lips. “I missed you!” she said.
“But you only saw me the other day,” he replied putting her slightly at arm’s length. “I also heard a story. I heard you were seeing some businessman.”
Philippa looked genuinely puzzled. “Businessman? What businessman?”
“I don't know, you tell me.”
“I'm not seeing any businessman,” she said with disdain on her face. “Who told you this?”
Gerald debated whether to tell her the truth but instead said, “Just someone in school.”
“But I don't know many people at your school, except Florence,” she replied. “Like who?”
Gerald thought quickly and decided to go with a straight lie. “Jenna Bartlett.”
“Who the hell is Jenna Bartlett?” she asked with a profound frown. “Well I'm not!”
Just then the telephone downstairs in the hall rang but Gerald ignored it as it probably wasn't for him anyway. “Do you want a beer?” he asked.
She shrugged. “Yeah why not. Look, maybe they're talking about somebody I used to know ages ago. I did know this old guy who owned a shop, but he was a friend of my dad’s.”
Gerald went to his little cool cupboard and produced two bottles of beer. He stood over the sink and opened them with the little metal opener and handed her one.
There was then a tap on his door. He held his fingers up to his lips and went and opened his door a tiny crack. It was the downstairs’ tenant. 
“There's a Florence on the phone for you,” the tenant said, a scruffy man in his thirties.
Gerald nodded. “Oh, I better take that.” He turned round to look at Philippa who was drinking from the beer bottle. He made an expression with his eyes and went downstairs to take the call.
“Hello?” he said into the phone’s mouthpiece.
It turned out to be Lauren. “Who do you think you are making my sister get all upset! She's been crying since she came back from school. I ought to get someone to punch your lights out you little brat!”
The aggression in Lauren's voice was palpable. Gerald was completely taken aback. “Woah there! What did I say? We were just having a talk in the lunchroom and then she walked off.”
The phone at the other end was snatched away by Florence. “Gerald? I didn't appreciate what you said to me!” She sounded as if she had been crying.
“What did I say?” he said genuinely confused. 
“Accusing me of going with Todd Houseman and then keeping on about it! That is the biggest insult. And believing that bitch Philippa over me!”
Gerald didn’t know what to say. “Huh?” He cast his eyes up the stairs to see if Philippa  was listening at the door of his room. He had left it on a jar when he came down to answer the phone. As phone calls go it was badly timed.
“Gerald I wonder sometimes!” Florence said, her voice crackling down the line. “I used to think she was my best friend, but she isn't, and she never was. And I don't want to hear you mention her name ever again.”
“Jesus, okay, I'm sorry,” he said affecting a conciliatory tone.
There was silence from Florence’s end for a couple of seconds and then she said, “What are you doing now?”
“I was just going to have some supper,” he said.
“Are you coming into school tomorrow?” she asked sounding a bit better.
“Yes, I'll be in all day otherwise the Dean will have words with me,” he said.
“Just don't believe anything she tells you if you see her again, Philippa I mean,” Florence said. “I'll see you tomorrow then - love you!”
They hung up and Gerald sighed heavily, put the receiver back on its hook, and slowly made his way up to his room. He expected that Philippa had been listening at the door. But he found her on the other side of the room, standing over the bureau with the drawer open. She had the little pouch of arsenic open in her hand and was studying it. “What the hell is this?”
He closed the door and quickly rushed over and snatched the pouch. He screwed it up again and put it back in the drawer. “Jesus don't touch that! And please don't look around my room when I'm not here!”
She shrugged. “God, sorry!”
“Come and sit next to me,” he said.
She followed him over to the bed and sat down next to him with her beer. “What was that powder anyway?” she asked. “Smelled like almonds.”
“Nothing,” he said. “Rat poison. We've got mice here.”
Phillipa’s expression changed as her eyes scanned the floor. “What here? In your room?”
“Mainly out in the hall,” he said wanting to change the subject.
“It's a funny place to keep rat poison,” she said. “In your desk drawer. You should keep it under the sink.”
“Don't worry about it,” he said. He took a slug of his beer which he picked up from his bedside table. “I heard you're seeing a shrink.”
This apparently proved to be too much for Philippa. “What the hell are you talking about?” She banged her beer down on the bedside table and stood up. “Who have you been talking to about me?”
“It's just what I've been hearing,” he replied looking up at her.
“From who?” she demanded. 
“From people?” he said.
“If you don't tell me who, I'm leaving,” she stated, her eyes burning into his.
“Well is it true?” he said. “Do you see a shrink or not?”
“That’s it, I'm going!” she said marching to the door.
“Philippa? What the hell!” 
She threw the door open. “You've got one last chance. Who have you been talking to about me?”
He shrugged. “Florence.”
“I thought so,” she said. “You were talking about me just now on the phone weren't you. I heard you.”
“Come back and close the door,” he said.
She shook her head. “I'm out of here. This place stinks anyhow.”
“Jesus Philippa, what's got into you?”
She went out onto the landing and began to walk down the stairs. “Maybe I'll see you around, maybe I won't!”
He followed her out onto the landing. “Philippa, where are you going?”
But she just ignored him and continued walking down the stairs. “You need to clean your place up, buddy boy!”
Gerald was dumb struck at her change of attitude and realised that probably she was seeing a shrink after all. And did he want to go with a girl like that? It also threw into question what she had said regarding Florence in general. Could it be trusted? He now had strong doubts. Perhaps the story about Todd Houseman was just a load of bunk made up by a jealous half-crazy girl?
*  *  *
Over the coming days Florence was as loving as ever. But Gerald had been brought around in a great big circle back to the starting point. If Florence meant it, and really wanted to marry him, then he would be stuck. The things that he had dreaded would come upon him and he would end up under her uncle Damien's controlling thumb.
But for this and other reasons, he still couldn't bring himself to book a blood test because to him that was a step too far. Before he knew it he would be a married man, and his life would be over. Whatever he chose to do in the future would also have to take into account his wife and child when it was born. In addition, her uncle would be pulling the strings behind the scenes.
And Philippa’s revelations had added a confusing dimension to the story and presented another scenario. According to her, instead of being a married man, he would be a man labelled as a rapist and facing prison. Either way he was damned, and he didn't know what to believe, or what to do.
However, he did possess a degree of confidence and thought it was possible he could go and actually talk to Florence’s uncle. Have it out with him man to man. Adults tended to be impressed with him because he was very polite, and always addressed older men as ‘sir’. Perhaps he could make a favourable impression on him. 
Although, as he recalled, he had once waited on her uncle at the restaurant, and he did not appear to be a pleasant man at all. In fact, he was clearly a man who was used to people running after him and looked down on them. Perhaps going to see him would make the situation worse.
But then how much worse could it get? Maybe the old man would run him off his property. It seemed to Gerald that he had nothing much to lose.
He had no idea precisely where Damien Goldsby lived but he was certain it was in a nearby gated community. He could go there and ask around .
Gerald debated whether he should tell Florence his plan but then she might put a dampener on the idea. But he was desperate to know the truth. But who of the two girls was telling it? The obviously crazy Philippa? Or the overly loving Florence? 
The other alternative was to keep spying on Florence to see whether she was meeting up with Todd Houseman. But Gerald just couldn't take the suspense anymore. He therefore decided he would go and visit Goldsby that very evening and see if the man would give him an interview.
*  *  *
Gerald seemed to spend his life walking, he thought, as he made his way to the Wenholme estate. It was where the wealthy lived in the locality, and he was sure that Florence had said that her uncle lived there. Gerald understood there were about twenty large houses and so the estate itself wasn’t that massive.
Gerald had put on his best suit of clothes and enough bay rum to give the illusion of cleanliness. But he knew that after that long walk he would be sweating. So he decided not to wear his jacket but throw it over his shoulder and put it on at the last minute.
It took him nearly fifty minutes to arrive at his destination which was just over a railway bridge and on the outskirts of town. There were no convenient bus routes going out there and so he would have to walk back. 
He had to ask around to locate the Goldsby residence. In the end a cab driver, who had pulled up nearby, indicated where it roughly was. It was virtually in the middle of the estate and was protected by huge metal gates. However, when he arrived, he found that they were open, and he was able to walk right up to the huge oak doors of the mock Tudor mansion.
It was getting late and all the lights in the big house appeared to be on, including those on its private gravelled drive. He could see movement inside the property. Standing at the grand entrance, he rang the bell and waited nervously for someone to answer.
A lady maid or housekeeper answered the door and stared at him. “Can I help you?”
“I am sorry to bother you but is it possible to speak to Mr Goldsby? Mr Damien Goldsby?”
“And you are?”
“I am a friend of his nieces, I'm Gerald Raphemore.”
“I'm afraid Mr Goldsby is not available at the moment,” the woman informed him. “But if you care to leave a phone number I will ensure that he gets it.” 
“Oh,” Gerald said staring into the house. He could see someone’s shadow lurking midway up the grand stairs at the rear of the hall.
“May I ask what it is concerning?” the woman inquired.
“It's a personal matter,” Gerald replied having once heard his father use the same expression when he didn't want to answer a question. “But his niece will tell him who I am. Don’t worry about my phone number.”
“I shall inform Mr Goldsby that you have called,” the woman said. “Gerald, is it?”
Gerald hesitated and then took a step back. “Yes.” 
“Thank you.”
“Thank you,” he said in his turn as he took another step back and watched her close the large black wooden door. He slowly walked back down the gravel driveway and noted some cars that were parked up. One was a Lincoln and looked quite presidential. Gerald was sure that it was probably Goldsby’s personal car and that he was no doubt really in.
The gravel under Gerald’s feet crunched as he walked to the gate and at the last moment he turned around to glance at the grand house again. It was then that he saw a young woman's face at an upstairs window. She quickly darted away at his glance. Gerald blinked his eyes in disbelief. It was Philippa, no doubt about it, wearing the same dress that she had seen her wear earlier.
He paused, in shock and stared up at the impressive mansion, hoping to catch another glance at her. It was incomprehensible. It couldn't have been her, surely? Or could it? According to Florence, Philippa was on particularly friendly terms with an older businessman. But surely this businessman wasn’t Damien Goldsby, Florence's uncle? If so, it was sick!  
He was tempted to go back up to the house and knock and ask for Phillipa by name but thought better of it. He needed to try and understand the significance of the situation and what it meant and if it really was her. It only added to the many questions he hadn’t any answers to.
He left the grounds of the property in a deeply pensive mood. By the time he reached the boarding house he was just ready to flop down on his bed in exhaustion. The bones in his lower legs were aching. He had never had so much exercise in all his life. He also felt very dehydrated and needed a beer.
As soon as he went into the boarding house, his landlady came out of her rooms. “The police were here asking for you,” she said.
“The police?” he replied in shock. “Are you sure they wanted to speak to me?”
“Your name is Gerald Raphemore, isn't it?” his landlady stated giving him a dark look. “I don't want any trouble here, you understand me?”
“What did they say exactly?” he asked.
“They just wanted to speak to you about something, but they said they'll come by tomorrow.”
Gerald thanked her and slowly made his way back up to his landing wondering what it was all about. But as soon as he reached his door, he saw that it was partially open. The police must have gone into his room. He quickly went in and straight away saw that the bureau drawer was also open. He rushed over to it and realised that the pouch of arsenic was gone.
He ran out of his room and downstairs and tapped on the landlady’s door. Wearing a disgruntled expression she came out and glared at him. “What?”
“Did the cops go into my room?” he asked worriedly.
The landlady shrugged her shoulders. “Yep. They just ask me where your room was, and they went up. Why, is there something missing?”
“Maybe,” he replied with a sigh going back up to his room. He stood staring at the open bureau drawer wondering whether he had left it open himself and had forgotten about it. But a thorough search of the drawer revealed that the pouch was definitely gone. 
He then checked around his kitchen area on the unlikely chance that he had absently moved the arsenic. He hadn’t. The police had obviously taken it away and he was quite sure that they would be back asking some very difficult questions about it.
He grabbed a beer from his little cool box and sat on his bed thinking. As usual, he lit up a cigarette I'm puffed on it hard, feeling the smoke deeply invade his lungs. The only other person who knew of the existence of the pouch and handled it was Philippa. But surely she hadn't gone and informed the police? And how was it that he had seen her double if not Philippa herself at the Goldsby mansion? What was going on? The police had clearly been tipped off, but by who?
He was tempted to phone Florence, but didn't because of the lateness of the hour. However, he decided that he would do it first thing tomorrow or even go round to her apartment on foot. She was the only viable person he could speak to apart from his father who is knowledgeable about things to do with the law.
But what were the police likely to ask him, he wondered? They would probably ask the obvious questions, where he got the arsenic from and what it was for. So he had to have a few answers ready. He could of course always claim that he did not know that it was arsenic. Perhaps he could say that he thought it was rat poison which he had obtained because of the infestation in the house. 
He could say that the landlady’s cat had died, and he started noticing signs of mice and so had got hold of some poison. The cops would probably ask him where he got it from, and he didn't have a ready answer for this. He couldn't say he got it from the drugstore because the druggist would deny it.
He didn't know what to say to that question and he could hardly admit stealing it from the high school lab. Perhaps, he could say he didn’t have any money and so had taken it from a school storeroom. He just assumed that it was rat poison because, he could say, that it was in a jar marked ‘rat poison’. So he didn't exactly steal it, he just borrowed a little bit which he intended to return. Now did that sound like a plausible explanation, he wondered? He wasn't sure that it did.
But even if he did have arsenic in his possession, so what? He hadn't exactly killed anyone yet. It would be different if he had managed to poison Florence. So as far as he could see, there were no charges to answer to, and with this thought he immediately relaxed. 
When the police came to see him he would just keep his head and answer calmly, and the problem would go away.
With these thoughts he took off his shirt and pants, quickly got washed at his kitchen sink and went to bed. He turned off his bedside light and finished his cigarette in the dark. He was amazed at how much light the cigarette butt was able to radiate. It cast a very dim orange shadow of his profile on the wall.
He stared at it for half a minute and then stubbed out the cigarette in his homemade ashtray and went to sleep.
*  *  *
Gerald naturally woke up around about seven o'clock in the morning, arose and had a quick wash, his mind still full of vague dream images. He had dreamt that he was back home messing about in the barn that they used to have. The barn was usually used as a tool shed and had some old bikes in it. But the memory of his dream faded.
As he washed and dressed, he suddenly heard a knocking on the front door of the boarding house downstairs. He straight away assumed that it was the police and quickly finished dressing himself. But it only appeared to be the postman delivering a package, and Gerald looked out of his window and obliquely saw the man walking away with his sack of letters. The package would not have been for him anyway, as his parents sent him money every three weeks and it wasn't  yet due.
Gerald had some breakfast cereal and then went over to the bureau and checked it one more time. But there was no doubt about it. The pouch of arsenic was gone, and the police had definitely taken it. And Gerald strongly suspected that Philippa had informed them that he had it, and had betrayed him for reasons of her own. But these were reasons which he couldn't fathom, unless of course he had deeply offended her by asking if she was seeing a shrink. She appeared to have taken a strong exception to that.
He slowly made his way to school with his briefcase under his arm. That morning he had economics with Mr Dinsdale who was one of his favourite teachers. In the past, Dinsdale used to take him aside, and give him pep talks saying that he was convinced that Gerald would go far in life. If only Dinsdale knew about the car crash that was about to happen. But it struck Gerald that if things really did go wrong then perhaps Dinsdale would vouch for him.
Gerald didn't particularly have a good relationship with the Dean but he and Dinsdale seemed to have a natural affinity. It would just be embarrassing if Dinsdale had to eat his own words.
Gerald walked into class and sat in his usual spot by a window and took out his books and some papers and a pen. The topic for today was as dry as dust but Gerald found it quite intriguing, dealing as it did with the international money supply. From what Dinsdale had said in the past, the top financiers had their own little back door access to money. This meant that they were easily able to make themselves rich. This was the key point which had made Gerald sit up and listen.
Gerald looked over at one of the girls that he knew, Alana Philmont and she gave him a smile. Now that was a nice girl, Gerald thought, as he slyly looked down at her shapely legs. She was sitting two desks away and it gave him a good view of her figure on the whole.
As it happened, this was not a class that Florence attended and so he could flirt with the girls without any problems. Actually, he did have a reputation of being a bit of a flirt and he knew that Florence was aware of this. But he never flirted with other girls openly when he was in her company. He knew that when they were around other girls Florence would be watching him closely to see if he was looking at them. Cleverly, he always averted his gaze but acted the opposite when he wasn’t in her company.
Dinsdale, a short balding ginger haired man was writing notes on the old fashioned blackboard with chalk. Everybody automatically copied them down. Gerald noticed that Alana was studiously making notes and he looked down at his own exercise book and followed suit.
Economics could certainly be presented in an uninteresting way. As Gerald wrote down his notes he tried to concentrate on the points which may be of use to him later on in life. Whenever Dinsdale used the word ‘bank’, Gerald would pay particular attention. If he had a choice of two career paths, banking was certainly one of them. Banks, after all, was where all the money was. 
Gerald was in the middle of writing down a sentence when the shadows of two uniformed men fell across the glass of the classroom door. It was the police. They politely knocked and Dinsdale bade them enter. He looked surprised at this intrusion.
“Oh hello, officers, can I help you, sirs?” Dinsdale said turning to face them.
The whole classroom fell silent watching the policeman. One of them moved closer to Mr Dinsdale and whispered something to him.
Dinsdale looked over to Gerald with a dead pan face and beckoned him. A wave of fear fell over Gerald as he stood up at his desk. Everyone in the class stared at him.
“Best bring your things,’ the older of the two policemen said.
Gerald collected his book and papers and went up to the front of the class. For the sake of bravado he said, “What’s this about officer?”
“Come outside son,” the policeman said looking at Gerald seriously. 
They went out into the hall and Gerald saw the Dean standing nearby but she just looked at him and made no comment.
“We would like to have a few words with you,” the policeman said. “The Dean said it would be okay if you came downtown with us.”
“Where are you taking me?” Gerald inquired. “The station?”
The policeman nodded and they slowly walked down the hall and out of the building.
Gerald looked at the older of the two policemen. “So what's this about then?”
“It was reported to us that you have a quantity of a dangerous ‘Class A’ poison in your possession,” the policeman said giving Gerald a stern look.
“Who reported it?” Gerald said as he walked alongside them and feigned complete innocence. “I don’t understand. A ‘Class A’ poison? Oh, you don't mean the rat poison that I've got in my bureau drawer, do you?”
“That's right, only it isn't rat poison,” the policeman said. “Do you have rats in your place then?”
“Ever since the landlady’s cat died about two weeks ago, I've noticed mice droppings just outside my room on the landing,” Gerald said.
The policemen looked at each other. “So you got yourself some rat poison to deal with them, is that what you're saying?”
“That's right,” Gerald replied with a nod of his head. “So who exactly told you that I had it then?”
“That is confidential,” the older police said as they took Gerald out to their car, and sat him in the back. They quickly drove off the campus grounds.
“Am I under arrest for having rat poison?” Gerald asked.
“Not for having rat poison, no. But we still need to ask you a few more questions.”
“I don't mind,” Gerald replied. “What do you want to know?”
“What you claim is rat poison isn't the case,” the older policeman said as they drove into town.
“Really?” Gerald said convincingly. “What is it then? I borrowed it from the school, from a container that said pest treatment on it. Something along those lines.”
“Pest treatment?” the older policeman said as his younger partner drove. “Where did you find it exactly”
Gerald thought quickly. “The caretaker’s shed.”
The policeman looked at him. “I dare say the caretaker will verify this?”
‘He didn’t know I took it!” Gerald was bluffing but he was quite certain that the caretaker would have something like this to keep down any possible vermin infestation at school. They didn't have a school cat so to speak and so they would have resorted to a chemical solution. Gerald was banking on the fact that if the police questioned the caretaker he would verify that he had something of that nature. The only problem was that it doubtless had a different label on its container.
The policeman considered Gerald's reply for a few moments. “If that is the case, then he's using the wrong stuff. Because the stuff we found in your room is arsenic. I presume you didn't realise that, Mr  Raphemore?”
“Arsenic?” Gerald said with a very concerned frown on his face. “You mean that deadly poison?”
The policeman nodded. “Well you must know something about it. Because we also found a little book in your room about toxicology. It looks like you've been reading up on the subject.”
Gerald was stunned. He had forgotten about that little book and had left it carelessly on the top shelf of his bookcase. It was clear evidence that he was researching poisons in general. The only thing he could do was deny any knowledge of it.
“I'm sorry officer, I’m not sure what you're talking about?” Gerald said. “The books in the bookcase don't belong to me, they belong to the landlady. And now you mention it, I do recall there was a book on medicines or something like that.”
The policeman gave Gerald a knowing look. “And you’re telling me that you never picked it up and looked at it?”
“No I'm not saying that,” Gerald replied. “I probably did flick through it when I first moved into the room. But I can't remember what it was about exactly.”
The older policeman looked him straight in the eyes. “It's a book on toxicology. And the powder we found in your room was quickly examined by the druggist at the drugstore as a favour to us. And although he is not one hundred percent certain, he is pretty sure that the stuff we found is arsenic. We’re going to get our usual expert to verify this. But he is away at the moment, and we will then know for certain in the next few days.”
“So what happens now?” Gerald asked.
They arrived at the local police headquarters and pulled into a parking bay. The older of the two policemen looked at him. “An allegation has been made against you,” he said. “And we need you to answer a few questions about it and then probably we will let you go. Depends how you answer them.”
They got out of the car and the policeman chaperoned Gerald into the station.

Chapter Thirteen
The Sergeant at the desk made a note of all of Gerald's particulars, his full name, age, place of residence etc. He was then escorted to a small stuffy room with a desk and two chairs and was asked to sit down.
Gerald noticed that there was a large mirror on the wall which he knew enabled the police to observe him. So he sat perfectly still, his heart beating harder than normal and tried to think. He was going over in his mind what he imagined he was going to be asked and knew that he had to have some ready answers. 
However, he was a little shocked at the revelation that someone had made an allegation against him, and he couldn't imagine who. Was it Philippa? Or was this because he had gone to old man Goldsbys house? He hadn't exactly trespassed, and he did politely knock on the door. But it troubled him, and he was sure that he had seen Philippa looking out of a window. Nothing made sense and he sat there in deep suspense.
Eventually, a very smart-looking officer in a business suit came into the room with some papers and sat at the desk opposite Gerald. Gerald had seen this scenario a hundred times before in movies and knew that he was going to be interrogated.
The officer, a man in his forties pulled out a packet of cigarettes and offered him one. “You're old enough to have one, aren't you?” he asked.
Gerald nodded and took the proffered cigarette and the officer lit him up. 
“Thanks,” Gerald said. “So what do you want to know, sir?”
The officer sat back in his chair and stared at him. “I'm detective Dave Coulson. And I know you must be feeling nervous, but all you have to do is tell us the truth and you'll be out of here in no time.”
Gerald nodded. “Is this about the fact that I went to Damien Goldsby’s house?”
The detective frowned and looked down at his notes.
Gerald continued, “I mean, maybe I annoyed him when I knocked on his door.”
The detective narrowed his eyes. “Well, now that you have brought up his name, I have to say that he is part of this query. I mean both he and a Miss Philippa Wodden have made joint statements regarding you. But at the present time, they are unproven and may have to be examined in a court of law.”
“So Philippa said something about me, did she? What did she say?”
“We are going about this in the wrong order,” the detective said. “Let me ask the questions.”
Gerald nodded and puffed on his cigarette. There was not an ashtray on the table.
The detective could see his quandary and he looked up towards the mirror and said, “Bring in an ashtray will you, Tom?”
Half a minute passed, and an ordinary policeman brought in an ashtray and put it on the table. Gerald flicked his ash into it and then tried to read the papers in front of the detective, but they were upside down.
“I gather you saw Phillipa Wodden recently, who is a friend of yours?” the detective asked.
“Yes, she visited me at my boarding house,” Gerald said with a frown.
“And you know a Florence Hildegard I gather? Is she a close acquaintance?”
“Yes.”
“I understand that you and Miss Wodden discussed Florence Hildegarde, and you stated that sometimes you were frustrated by her?”
Gerald pulled a face and shook his head. “I never said that. Why, is that what Philippa is saying?”
The detective looked down at his papers. “I gather that you told Philippa that you found Florence Hildegard annoying and sometimes you wanted to strangle her?”
Gerald was shocked that Philippa had shared their private conversation with the police. “Strangle her? No, that's not true at all.”
The detective flipped over a couple of the pages in the document on the table. “According to Miss Wodden, you were giving every indication that you wanted to do Florence Hildegard  harm?”
Gerald shook his head strongly. “I don't know why she thought that, because Florence and I are going to get married.”
“Well, Miss Wodden confirmed that. But she also indicated that it was not something you really wanted to do and that you would rather get rid of Miss Hildegarde than marry her.”
“Wait a minute, that is not true!” Gerald said strongly. “And the word ‘strangled’ was the word she used. Philippa used it.”
“So you did discuss strangling Florence Hildegard then?” the detective said.
“I didn't say anything about strangling Florence, it's what Philippa said because she's jealous of her,” Gerald explained. “Anyway, you don't want to listen to anything Philippa says, she's seeing a shrink.”
The detective looked up at him and made some notes. “How do you know she is seeing a shrink?”
“Because she is best friends, or she used to be best friends with Florence. And Florence told me that she was having problems at school and that she was seeing a psychologist or psychiatrist, one of the two,” Gerald told him starting to get heated.
The detective nodded. “So you're not denying that you discussed the strangulation of Florence Hildegard, but you did not use the word yourself in her connection?”
“It was a word Philippa used and all I said was that sometimes Florence can be a little annoying,” Gerald said.
“Was she so annoying that you ever contemplated killing her?” the detective asked giving Gerald a hard stare.
“Look,” Gerald said. “Florence is the girl I want to marry because I love her, and I have never thought about killing her. That is a crazy idea.”
The detective was quiet for a few seconds as he wrote down some more notes. “Is it true that Florence is going to have your child, but you are not happy about that idea? That in fact you gave her some medicines to abort the child?” 
Gerald knew that he could not exactly deny this as he didn’t know how Florence would reply to this same question. “Detective, admittedly having a child right now would be difficult for me. I am still going to high school and I'm in the senior year, but I don't have much money.”
“Do you realise that abortions in this county are illegal?” the detective said. “Do you realise that the act of trying to dispose of an unwanted foetus by way of abortion can get you up to five years in jail?”
Gerald was shocked by the detective’s remarks. “Listen, you're getting this all wrong. I didn't give Florence any medicines at all for anything. All I'm saying, is that it would be inconvenient for us to have a child now. ”
“So you're saying that you didn't try to force Florence to abort her child?” the detective asked keenly.
Gerald shrugged. “No! I mean, she's still pregnant isn't she? You can't accuse us of aborting a child when it's still going to be born!”
The detective made some more notes. “Was this why you had a small amount of arsenic in your desk drawer in your room at the boarding house?”
“Arsenic? I don't know what you are talking about. That's rat poison which I got because we have an infestation at the boarding house!”
The detective looked at him. “But dealing with that isn't your responsibility is it? That's down to the owner of the property. Isn't it true that you forcibly gave Florence some medicines to help her abort her child? But this failed and so you resorted to acquiring some arsenic for the job?”
Gerald shook his head firmly. “I don't know where you're getting that information from. It must be something that screwy Phillipa said.”
“It is also part of the complaint that Mr Damien Goldsby has made against you,” the detective informed him. “He said that his niece Florence had told his housekeeper, Mrs Milly Drake in confidence that you were trying to persuade her to get rid of her child. But the housekeeper then informed her employer, Mr Goldsby of the situation. So it has come directly from the horse’s mouth that the idea of an abortion was at your instigation.”
Gerald had now finished his cigarette, the stub of which was in the ashtray. “I don't know what the problem is. Florence is still pregnant, and she is not dead; she hasn’t been strangled and you're listening to a story made up by a girl who's seeing a psychiatrist. I'm sure you could check this. So you have nothing on me apart from a load of false accusations. Also, I think I might need to speak to an attorney.”
“So you deny everything,” the detective said going through his notes again. “You deny that you ever wanted to harm Miss Florence Hildegard, and you are denying that you were pressurising her to carry out an abortion, is that correct?”
“Yes, none of it’s true,” Gerald said firmly.
The detective shuffled his papers and then presented Gerald with a sheet to sign. “If you would, could you sign this, it summarises your replies to my questions. That basically you deny the accusations that have been made against you. Obviously, quickly read it before you sign it, and you will be able to go home. However, that does not mean that we won't be pressing charges at some point. My advice to you is to get yourself an attorney and don't leave town.”
Gerald glanced at the form which the detective slid across the table at him. He was satisfied that it accurately reflected what he said, and he  quickly signed it on the bottom line.
“Date if you wouldn't mind,” the detective instructed reminding Gerald what the date was.
Gerald put a date next to his signature and the detective took the form back and examined it for a moment. Then stuffed it into his collection of papers in his file.
“We may need to speak to you again, but as you say, everyone is in fine fettle. And we're not sure whether a crime has taken place or not!” The detective smiled. “We'll probably have to get some more statements. Then we will let you know either way if we're going to press charges or not. But I would suggest talking to an attorney if I were you. I can recommend quite an affordable one but he's a rookie. William Smudge. He has a little office on Dover Street and is new to the business.” He then rose from his chair and escorted Gerald out of the room and out of the precinct altogether.
Gerald found himself standing outside of the police station squinting up at the bright sunshine. But he was filled with disquiet and a sense of being betrayed. Both Florence and Philippa had let the cat out of the bag, and he really needed to talk to them. He could understand that Florence may have spoken to her uncle’s housekeeper in confidence and couldn't be blamed. But Philippa’s behaviour was unforgivable. She had virtually landed him with a possible conspiracy to commit homicide charge. But who was to say that she hadn’t been a part of it too? Gerald thought he should have brought this up.
Obviously the police were not entirely convinced of the accusations made against him, which was why he was allowed to go free for the moment. He also had the impression that the local police weren't particularly fussed by this, especially as no one was yet dead. Perhaps they thought it was all a bit of a storm in a teacup. At least that's how it appeared to Gerald. However, he decided straight away to go and see this attorney with the funny name.
*  *  *
Gerald found attorney William Smudge's office down an alley. It wasn't exactly on Dover Street itself but along a side road. Visitors had to go up some iron steps to reach it. When he got to the top of the steps, he pushed open a nondescript door and found himself in a small reception room. A middle aged woman sitting behind an ancient typewriter looked up at him.
“Can I help you, Sir?”
“Is it possible to see Mr Smudge?” Gerald inquired, the attorney’s name feeling strange in his mouth.
“Do you have an appointment, or would you like to have an appointment?” the receptionist asked him.
“I was hoping to speak to him today,” Gerald said.
“I'll ask if he will see you,” the receptionist said pushing the button on an intercom. “Mr Smudge I have a Mr...”
“Gerald Raphemore,” Gerald quickly said.
“A Mr Raphemore to see you and I don't believe he has an appointment,” the receptionist said.
A side door eventually opened and an elderly man with a bald  head and white hair and glasses opened it and beckoned him in. “Mr Raphemore?”
“That's right!”
The elderly man shook Gerald’s hand and showed him into a chair in a small neat office which was quite well appointed. Gerald was surprised that the man looked so elderly especially as the detective at the police station had suggested that the attorney was new to the profession.
“Are you Mr Smudge, the attorney?” Gerald said as he sat down.
“I know what you're thinking,” the attorney said as he sat behind the desk himself. “I am new to the profession, as I used to work for the sanitation department. But I passed my bar examination three years ago. And there's nothing about local by-laws that I don't know.”
“This isn't about by-laws,” Gerald said with a frown.
“And I do criminal cases,” the attorney said quickly. “I'm a Jack of all trades.”
“How much do you charge?” Gerald inquired.
“I'm the cheapest attorney on the block,” Smudge said with a twinkle in his eyes. “But if you're completely broke and you’re broke, then maybe something can be worked out. If you can't pay, you can do a few odd jobs for me. I have a backroom that needs to be repainted.”
Gerald nodded. “Okay, Mr Smudge, sounds good to me.”
“By the way you're not pronouncing my name correctly,” the attorney said. “It's not pronounced Smudge it's Smooge!”
Gerald nodded and stared at him without speaking.
The attorney smiled. “I realise that's no better! So what's the problem, Mr Raphemore?”
Gerald sighed and collected his thoughts. “I think I'm going to be accused of something bad by the police. I have just come away from the police station where they were interviewing me.”
William Smudge started making some notes. “Were you in there without representation? Did they provide you with a duty attorney?”
“No, it was just me and a cop in a suit and he was asking me different questions,” Gerald told him.
“Well, it's your right to have an attorney especially if you are being accused of something serious,” Smudge said with a frown. “Do you want to start at the beginning. I'm afraid I can only spare you half-an-hour, but I will make an appointment where you can spend longer time with me.”
Gerald stared at the little golden golf ornament which was on the attorney’s desk and began to explain the whole situation. He told the attorney that he was essentially being accused of encouraging his girlfriend to have an illegal abortion and was contemplating killing her. Both untrue, he emphasised. He said he wanted to marry her and was planning to soon and he wanted her to have a child and start a family. He also told the attorney that he had some rat poison which the police had mistaken for arsenic. But if it was arsenic, he had no knowledge of this. He had got it to deal with the vermin problem at the boarding house where he lived. He refrained from telling the attorney any of the truth and gave a very edited version of the facts. He also told him that Florence had spoken to her uncle’s housekeeper in confidence, and this had been misrepresented.
‘Have they charged you with anything?’ Smudge asked.
‘No, I don’t think so,’ Gerald answered.
‘You’ll soon know if they do,’ the attorney said. ‘I’ll phone them later and find out what’s going on.’
‘Thank you, I appreciate it,’ Gerald said.
Smudge looked down at his notes and checked the clock on the wall. “Now why would your girlfriend Florence tell her uncle’s housekeeper that you were attempting to assist her with a termination, if this wasn’t true?”
“You mean with an abortion?” Gerald asked.
“Yes. If it isn't true then why would she say such a thing?” Smudge asked reasonably. “You told me that you are about to marry this girl and she is pregnant, and you want her to have a child?”
“Well yes, although having a child right now would be a bit difficult to afford?” Gerald said. “And I did say to Florence that we shouldn't have a child just yet. And that's all I said, and I think the housekeeper must have got hold of the wrong end of the stick.”
The attorney nodded. “So you're saying that the idea of a termination was how the housekeeper wrongly related it to her employer? So she misunderstood?”
Gerald nodded his head. He was starting to like this attorney, as he seemed very understanding. “I simply discussed the possibility of an abortion with Florence, and she was against the idea, and so we didn't do anything about it. But when she told the housekeeper, the woman must have thought that we had tried to go through with it.”
“Can I assume that your girlfriend Florence will confirm what you've said?” the attorney asked.
Gerald made an affirmative gesture as he was confident that Florence would cooperate, even though he hadn’t known she had spoken to Goldsby’s housekeeper. “Yes, I'll get her to come in if you like.” 
“That would be good,” the attorney said. “You can make an appointment with my receptionist. Also, if you wouldn't mind signing our ‘rep agreement’, also called the fee form which is being prepared by my receptionist. We’ll leave the part about the hourly fee blank, and we will discuss that at a later date.”
Gerald got to his feet. “Okay thank you, Mr Smudge. Does it sound like I'm going to go to prison?”
“If what you have told me is true, then I doubt it very much,” the attorney said frankly. “Also, if you wouldn’t mind giving my receptionist your full address as well and other particulars, phone number etc, thank you.”
Gerald walked towards the door. “Okay, see you soon Mr Smudge.”
The elderly attorney grinned, and Gerald went out to see the receptionist who had prepared a document for him to sign. They made an appointment for him on the following Monday afternoon.
Gerald left the office feeling a lot better and almost stumbled down the metal stairs outside. He decided to go and see Florence to find out what was happening and to tell her that he had been arrested.
*  *  *
It took him about forty minutes to get to Florence's apartment, but nobody answered the door when he buzzed. Either Florence and her sister were in and were not answering or they we're both out, or something in between. As he stood outside the apartment on the street looking up at the window he had the sudden urge to look at the soles of his shoes. He had the impression that one was leaking.
The weather had been slightly damp the previous day and there was still tiny puddles here and there. But his right foot felt damp and when he checked the sole discovered that there was a thin crack in it. It was probably caused by all the walking he had done in the last week or two. It was wearing the shoes out and he was also losing a lot of weight as a consequence. This obviously was not a bad thing, but it left him feeling continually dehydrated.
He put his right shoe back on and decided to go and sit in a bar and have something to drink. Then he would go and see if Florence had returned. He really desperately needed to speak to her. It seemed that everybody was in the know about the intended abortion. Also, there seemed to be some elements of truth in what Philippa had told him previously, but it wasn't quite chronological. However, it was clear that old man Goldsby really did have it in for him after all, although Philippa had obviously changed around some of the facts. 
Gerald checked his wallet and found that he had about seven dollars in all which was more than enough for him to buy a couple of beers. So taking one more glance up at Florence’s apartment window, he sauntered off to a bar which he knew was in the next street. Even though it was quite early in the day there were several patrons sitting in it. A young man and woman were in the corner drinking and laughing. It wasn't the sound that Gerald particularly wanted to hear at that moment and then the jukebox came on which was better.
He ordered a Budweiser and a bag of peanuts and sat at the bar eating them recovering his energy. It had been a busy day and he thought that he would definitely check Florence’s apartment again and if she wasn't in, go back to the boarding house. 
Gerald took a long pull of the beer and stuffed four peanuts in his mouth and chewed hungrily. The beer soon revived him, and he resisted the temptation to order another as money was always tight. He leaned tiredly on the counter, looking out of the open entrance to the street. He was then amazed to see a green convertible slowing down in the traffic just outside with a blonde woman who looked like Florence in it. The was a blonde man behind the wheel.
Gerald almost spilled his beer as he quickly climbed off his stool and ran to the door of the bar. But the convertible had only paused in the traffic and was now racing off to the next intersection.  But it definitely looked like Florence in the passenger seat. He was certain of it.
Gerald stood on the sidewalk looking up the street and realised that calling her would be a waste of time. However, the man sitting next to Florence fitted the description that Philippa had given of Todd Houseman. Also, he was driving a green convertible. Without doubt, Gerald was sure it was him. The woman who looked like Florence was in an unfamiliar dress and her hair style was not typical. But it did suggest that what Philippa had told him was true.
For a moment Gerald didn't know what to do. He went back into the bar and sat on his stool and finished his beer while chewing some nuts. So, Florence had been lying to him, she had been seeing Todd Houseman. Or had he been mistaken by the confusing optics? Was it Lauren who had been sitting in the car or another woman entirely? The two girls did look similar and we're about the same height and had the same colour hair, but Florence was plumper. The glimpse Gerald had, had only lasted for less than half a second, and so he could have been mistaken.
He really needed to find out and so grabbing his bag of peanuts, he left the bar and quickly walked back to Florence’s apartment. He was mortified to see the green convertible parked outside, and Gerald put his hand on the hood and found that it was hot. There was no doubt that this car had just arrived.
Looking up at the window, Gerald buzzed the door, and the window flew open, and Florence stuck her head out. “Gerald! What are you doing here?” 
“I need to speak to you urgently?” he said. “But it looks like you've got a visitor!”
Florence turned her head and said something to someone inside the apartment, then she turned to Gerald and said. “I'm coming down.”
It took her about three minutes, and she came out and grabbed his arm and took him across the road to the park. 
“Why can't I come in?” Gerald asked trying to rein in his temper. “Is Todd Houseman here?”
Florence nodded and led him to a park bench where they both sat. “Yes, he just arrived with Lauren, and I've only just come back myself.”
“I thought I just saw you in that convertible,” he said. “I was in a bar and I saw you drive past with some guy.”
“That wasn't me that was Lauren,” she replied.
Gerald didn't speak for a moment. “So where have you been then?”
“I have literally this minute just got back from the drugstore,” she replied. “We are out of everything. Lauren is eating me out of house and home, and I can't wait for her to get her own place!”
“Are you sure you weren't in the car with Todd,” he said sceptically. “Because it sure as hell looked like you.”
Florence gave him a sharp look. “Do you wanna see the receipt from the drugstore to prove it?”
Gerald looked down into his hands. “Look, I'm not here to argue. I was arrested today. Apparently your uncle has made a complaint against me. He said that you told his housekeeper that I was trying to force you to have a termination.”
“What?” Florence looked appalled.
“How could you have done that?” He said glaring at her. “That was just between you and me.”
Florence rubbed her forehead. “I didn't expect Milly to say anything. Usually I can trust her. But I guess she must have been so worried that she felt she had to tell my uncle.”
“Great! Now it's landed me in a lot of trouble,” he said. “Did you know that abortion is illegal in this county?”
“No,” she replied looking up at him. “Trust Milly to open her big trap! But we didn't go through with it, did we? Surely that's all that matters. Okay, I took a few pills but so what? Nothing  happened. So the police arrested you?” 
“Yup, today! And they also found some arsenic in my room. They’re saying that it looks as if I was not only trying to get rid of the baby but kill you as well!” he said. “Which obviously is ridiculous! The arsenic is for the mice, only I didn’t know it was arsenic. I thought it was rat poison”
“Uh?” Florence seemed confused.
Gerald sated at her. “But from what the police told me, it's been Philippa, your so-called best friend, who’s been stirring up the trouble. She definitely is one crazy bitch! Plus, when I went round to your uncle’s house I saw her.”
Florence held up her hand. “Wait a minute. When did you go round to my uncle’s house?”
“Does it matter?” he said. “Philippa or someone who is the splitting image of her was there.  I saw her at the window. And she’s been saying a load of stuff about you and your uncle and Todd Houseman.  And then when I come round here, he’s here – Houseman is here!”
“I told you he’s just a friend of Lauren and has nothing to do with me.”
Gerald shrugged. “So why is he here then and what’s Philippa doing at your uncle’s house?”
“Todd is here to see Lauren and I promise you that he has absolutely nothing to do with me,” she replied. “So Philippa is round at my uncles? Well that explains something. The last I heard, she was going with some businessman. So it must be my uncle then! But if that's the case, that is just sick, but she’s always been a bit weird.”
“Well, she and your uncle are trying to get me into trouble,” he said looking into her eyes. “Can't you talk to them? I mean, why are they doing it?”
“I don't know. And I don’t know why my uncle is having anything to do with her,” Florence said. 
Gerald frowned and looked her in the eyes. “I really don't know what the guy has got against me. What have I done to him?”
Florence shook her head and glanced up at the window of her apartment which was just across the street. “Where Philippa is concerned, all I can say is that she's jealous. Always has been. She's jealous of me, she's jealous of Lauren and she hates Todd because he dumped her. I think probably one day she's going to end up in some crazy house. So have you been seeing her then?”
“You mean seeing Philippa?” he asked.
“Yeah, I mean how come you're talking about her all of a sudden?”
Gerald licked his upper lip. “She came to see me at the boarding house.”
“When was that?”
“She wanted to know when you and I we're definitely getting hitched,” he said quickly.
Florence nodded. “How did she know where you lived?”
Gerald shrugged. “Well I certainly didn't tell her. See, I just bumped into her on the street one day and we got talking.”
“Talking? Talking about what? Me?”
Gerald realised that he had painted himself into a corner. “Yes and other things and that you were going with Todd houseman.”
“Well, I don't know why she's saying that because that's not true at all,” Florence said with a frown. “And so what else did she say?”
“She said that you and your uncle were planning to mess up my life, ruin me,” he said.
“Ruin you? Well, I don't know what the hell she's talking about! No one is trying to ruin you Gerald and I’m certainly not. I want to marry you! Jesus! So, do you like her then?”
“Like her?” Gerald said putting on a disdainful face. “No. I think she's a big nosed, ugly little bitch! I don't even know how it is that she's your best friend!”
“She used to be my best friend, but she's weird and the fact that she's hanging around my uncle proves it,” Florence replied her eyes gazing off into the middle distance. “I think I need to have a word with him.”
“You need to get him to drop the charges too, although I haven't exactly been charged yet,” Gerald said. “I went to see an attorney today, but he seems to think I'll be okay.”
“But you can't afford it can you?” she said taking his hand.
“He says if I paint his backroom he'll let me off some of the fees,” Gerald explained.
Florence nodded. “Really? Okay, well if you need any money let me know. So what happens now? The police let you go then?”
“They might come back to me on your uncle’s complaint,” he said. “But my attorney wants you to confirm that I didn’t try to force you to have a termination. Because your housekeeper has given everyone the impression that I have. And it’s illegal in this county.”
Florence looked down and patted her stomach. “Well it's too late now even if I did want to get rid of it.”
Gerald nodded. “I have an appointment to see the attorney on Monday morning; could you come with me?”
“Of course!” she said. “And over the weekend I'll have a word with my uncle to see what the hell is going on.”
“Gee thanks Florence, I would really appreciate it! He kissed her on the cheek.
She got to her feet and so did he. 
“So do you really have mice at the boarding house?” she asked as they began to walk back towards her apartment.
“Yes,” he replied. “Why?”
“Because you never mentioned it before!”

Chapter Fourteen 
Gerald didn't go back to her apartment but returned to the boarding house instead. He was surprised to see another cat in the hallway which ran away at his approach. The landlady must have replaced the old one, and this cat looked younger.
As he walked slowly up the stairs feeling very fatigued, the landlady came out of her rooms. She was holding a letter which she passed to him. “I'm giving you a week’s notice to leave,” she said.
“Leave? Why?” he asked surprised.
“We don't like troublemakers here. We have a nice quiet house, and we don't need the police turning up. You got seven days’ notice.”
“But I've got nowhere else to go?” he objected taking the letter.
“Why don't you move into a regular guest house or hotel?” she said walking backwards into her rooms.
“But...”
“It's not my problem, you’ve got seven days,” she said closing the door.
Gerald continued up the stairs and went into his room and shut the door. He took off his jacket which he threw on his small chair and then collapsed on the bed. It was all too much but at least he had a little more clarity in his mind. 
Obviously Florence wasn't seeing Todd Houseman. That was all just a figment of Phillipa's crazy mind. But why she had it in for him wasn't clear. The only way to find out was to ask her directly but then she was likely to deny everything. 
Could jealousy really explain her behaviour. Was it possible that she had felt really hurt and rejected when he asked whether she was seeing a shrink? And what was the problem with that anyway? It was fashionable to see a shrink, it proved that you had money. 
As he lay on his stomach on the bed he felt like lighting up a cigarette, but he couldn't be bothered. He just closed his eyes and before he knew it had dozed off and woke up about ten o’clock that evening. He checked his watch, shocked at the passage of time. He then went and got himself a beer from his little cool cupboard and lit up a cigarette and smoked it on the bed.
He opened up the landlady’s letter and saw that it was a standard notice to quit the room. But the good thing was that there was also twenty five dollars stuffed in the envelope which had been part of his original deposit. Actually, he had given her thirty dollars but for some reason she had held back five. He would query this later.
He checked his watch yet again and for the umpteenth time and decided but it wasn't too late to go and see Philippa. She was probably one of these girls who stayed up all night anyhow. He finished off his beer, stubbed out his cigarette and put his jacket on again. He went downstairs and found that the landlady had locked the front door as she normally did after ten o'clock. He simply unlocked it and went out leaving it closed but unlocked for his return
Phillipa’s house was roughly forty minutes away from his if he took a few shortcuts. He walked quickly feeling the evening chill which had gathered in the town. He thrust his hands deep into his pockets and tried to organise his thoughts. There was now absolutely no doubt in his mind that Philippa had been lying to him for her own reasons. He couldn't quite fathom what they were but felt that she just had a vindictive streak.  Although it was very possible that old man Goldsby had put her up to it. 
Gerald was coming full circle again. Perhaps Philippa was telling the truth when she had told him that Goldsby had wanted him out of the picture. But maybe the rest about Florence was rubbish. Perhaps together, Goldsby and Philippa had concocted a scheme. But then he had been foolish enough to leave the arsenic in his bureau drawer which played directly into their hands.
They could not have known that he had stolen the poison and so it appeared to be a very lucky coincidence for them that he had some. But perhaps they would have pounced on anything or perhaps were planning to plant something in his room to incriminate him. It did appear that Philippa had been sent in on some kind of mission to compromise him. Gerald really could have kicked himself for leaving the arsenic where it could be found. And now the police had it and had no doubt by now verified that it really was arsenic and not merely something for vermin. It was possible that even now they were planning to come back and charge him.
As Gerald walked he thought that it was curious that Philippa was looking in his drawer while he was on the phone to Florence. It was almost as if she knew that he had stolen some poison from the school storeroom. But how would she have known? As he walked to her house he became more and more paranoid and was convinced that she or someone had been spying on him.
He shook his head slightly in an attempt to clear it. There was so many facets to this puzzle that he was finding it hard to think straight. However, he was now pretty sure that Florence was completely on the level with him. That she really did love him and that she really did want to marry him. The villains in all of this were Philippa and old man Goldsby. Gerald had to conclude that the main reason he was being targeted was purely because he was from a poor family who were below Goldsby’s contempt.
Before he knew it Gerald was at the bottom of the road where Phillipa's house was. Obviously he wasn't going to knock on the front door. He had no idea where her bedroom was but at this hour it was likely that she was still up watching TV. He decided that when he got to the house he would just sneak around it and look through the windows and see if he could spot her.
The street was quite well lit and Phillipa’s house had a light over the porch. Gerald also noted that all the windows were lit up and so apparently nobody had gone to bed yet. But after all, it wasn't even yet midnight.
Gerald sneaked around the side of the house which didn't have any windows at all and ventured into the dark garden. He kept his head down and could see somebody in the kitchen. It was evidently Philippa’s mother who was attending to something in the sink. Gerald hung about for a few seconds and then walked into the middle of the garden and glanced up at the windows on the first floor. He couldn't see anyone and then he spotted Philippa coming into the kitchen with a glass which her mother washed up in the sink.
When her mother turned her back, Gerald rushed up to the window and waved at Philippa which gave her a shock. She then stared directly at him and then quickly walked away into another room. Gerald simply presumed that she was going to open the door and come out, but instead the back door suddenly opened, and her father appeared.
“What the hell are you doing here at this time of night?” he said menacingly with his fists clenched walking towards him.
“I'm Gerald, I'm Phillipa's friend!” Gerald said quickly. “I just want to speak to her for a couple of minutes.”
Her father came up to him. “Well she doesn't want to speak to you! Now you've got five seconds to get off of my property or I'm calling the police!”
“She doesn't want to speak to me?” Gerald repeated but was hardly surprised.
“No!” her father said raising his voice slightly. “She told me what you did, you little bastard!”
“What?”
“Piece of trash!” her father said holding up his fist.
 “Okay I'm going,” Gerald said quickly backing away.
“And if I ever see you on my property again I swear to God you'll be sorry!”
Gerald looked at him and frowned as he walked away. “I don't understand what I’ve supposed to have done.”
“Just go!” her father said slowly walking after him.
Gerald knew when he was defeated and slowly made his way back up the road in the direction of his boarding house. It proved that Phillipa had done the dirty on him. And either she didn’t want to face him or legally couldn't face him as she had made a complaint to the police. She was now off limits, and all Gerald could do was submit himself to the due process of the law.
*  *  *
When Gerald got up the next morning, he just couldn't be bothered to go into school. He was feeling too agitated about what the police were planning to do. They had left him in suspense but surely if there was a hearing he would be able to call witnesses. Then Florence would definitely speak up for him. 
He was relieved that all the stuff Philippa had said regarding Florence and Todd Houseman was just pure nonsense. At least he still could count on Florence’s love, as annoying as he sometimes found her. In fact, he wished he hadn't shared his inner thoughts about Florence to Philippa. There was a danger that they may come up at some point or even be discussed at any possible future hearing.
He went to get himself another beer but then found that he was completely out. Even his cigarettes were low and so he contented himself with a cold bagel and butter and a cup of coffee. But at least he had his deposit back which he knew he couldn't really spend although it was five dollars short. After breakfast he decided he would have a word with the landlady about it.
He had a leisurely breakfast and even made himself a second cup of coffee and then he put on his jacket and went downstairs to see the landlady. Perhaps he could persuade her to change her mind about the notice. After all it would be a pain in the neck to relocate to somewhere else.
He went downstairs and knocked on the door of her rooms. There was no answer and when he went to knock again the door suddenly flew open and the landlady stood there glaring at him.
“You’re five dollars short,” he said. “The deposit was thirty dollars and you've only given me twenty-five back.”
“That's right and you now have six days to leave,” she said.
“I don't understand, why is it five dollars short?” he asked. 
“Because you poisoned my cat!” she said matter-of-factly.
Gerald was stunned by her remark. “What are you talking about? I didn't poison your cat. What makes you say that?”
“You was seen putting something in the cat’s food at the back of the house,” she told him. “And I’ve informed the police and they’ve now got the cat’s body!”
“What do you mean they've got the cat’s body?” he asked feeling the ground give way underneath him.
“I shouldn't even be talking to you,” his landlady said. “Listen, I don't know who the hell you think you are, Mr Fancy Pants Cat Killer, but you need to get the hell out of my house!”
“But it's not true!” he said raising his voice slightly. “I didn't go anywhere near the cat’s food. Who told you this? Was it one of the other tenants? ”
“Mr Raphemore, you need to leave now before the police come back and arrest you,” the landlady said. “You've been lucky so far. They’ve been back twice and each time you've been out.”
“What?”
“They were here today.”
“Really? And now they've got the cat’s body?”
“They have, and now it’s being tested, Mr Raphemore, goodbye!” His landlady firmly closed her door.
Gerald stood in the hallway staring at it. If what she said was true then it appeared that the police wanted to take him into custody again. An examination of the cat’s carcase would undoubtedly reveal that the animal had been given arsenic. And if there was a witness saying he did it, then it would be an open and shut case wouldn't it? This was a phrase he had heard on tv, and it meant that he probably was looking at a long term prison sentence.
Panic descended on him, and he didn't know what to do and so he went back up to his room. He stood in the middle of it staring at his bureau and trying to think of the best course of action he could take. Clearly, if he wanted to retain his freedom even if briefly, then he needed to leave the boarding house right away.
It occurred to him that he might be able to stay at his attorney’s backroom which he was supposed to be painting. But then undoubtedly, if the police were looking for him, they would check with his attorney. And going to stay with Florence would be embarrassing, what with Lauren being there. Also going  on the run would be a sure sign of guilt.
However, he still had most of the deposit that his landlady had given him. So he might be able to get himself some hotel accommodation for a few days. And then what? Go back to his parents perhaps? But how long could he stay there and how long could anybody be on the run for? Going on the run meant dropping out of high school with no chance of going to college. He would have to change his name and his Social Security number. Going on the run would lead to a dead end.
And suppose he just hung around and allowed himself to be arrested and put on trial? The outcome would be more or less the same. He would have to drop out of school and after that no respectable college would touch him with a barge pole. His future would be over. Perhaps he should have hidden some arsenic for his own use because it looked like his options had all but run out.
At least he could buy himself another week of freedom by staying somewhere else before the police found him. With this half-baked plan in mind, he got his suitcases out of the wardrobe and began to quickly pack his few meagre belongings.
*  *  *
Gerald was aware of a so-called flophouse which was in the poorer parts of town. It was called the Fairbrook Hotel. Despite its fancy name it was the haunt of drunkards and dropouts and a handful of the local ladies of the night. It was virtually on the outskirts of town on the other side of a little stream. It was the location of quite a lot of illicit activity including extra-marital fornication. Even the wealthy bankers in town liked to let off a little steam under the radar sometimes.
The town had its clubs for its wealthier patrons but sometimes there was a need for other kinds of venues and salons. The Fairbrook Hotel provided for that need and was really just a bit of a brothel in disguise. It should have been shut down long ago but counted on the police among its many customers. So perhaps it was not a good place to go and hide in. 
But when he had first moved into town he had inquired as to the cost of rooms at the Fairbrook, and they were ridiculously cheap. Just a bit cheaper than the boarding house in fact. But the rooms were very tiny in comparison. So if he went and hid there, in a way he would be hiding in plain sight, and it might buy him a week or two.
He packed his belongings which were crammed into two suitcases. He realised that he would have to summon up some transport to get to the Fairbrook. But if a taxi came and collected him at the boarding house then it might give the police a lead as to where he had gone. So he dragged his suitcases out of the boarding house and decided to try and haul them down to the next street. It was where he could take a bus to the Fairbrook which was only about five stops away.
He managed to get to the bus stop just before the next bus arrived, and with an effort dragged his suitcases up onto it. It took the bus about a quarter of an hour to reach the Fairfield. Gerald disembarked and stood on the street looking up at the somewhat weathered building. Music could be heard coming out of the front door which was slightly open and suggested that business was going on as usual. Gerald could only imagine what that business was.
A funny smell wafted out of the front door. As soon as he entered the narrow foyer an elderly man receptionist popped up at a side window. He pointed to a card attached to the wall in the passage. “The rates are there. A bagel and coffee is part of the deal,” the man said.
Gerald's head swivelled around, and he quickly read the notice. “Can I stay for a week and then pay for another week?”
“No problem,” the man said. “But you'll have to pay in advance. “That will be five dollars. Do you have any identification? Proving who you are?”
“I've got a letter in my pocket proving where I used to live.”
“That will do,” the man said taking the letter from Gerald which was addressed to him from his landlady. It was actually his notice to quit.
The receptionist barely glanced at it and then handed it back. “That's fine, five dollars please and you can have room number eight on the first floor.”
Gerald paid over the money which had been part of his landlady's deposit and took the key which was slid across the narrow counter to him under a glass partition. “Thanks.”
“As I said, it includes coffee and a bagel for breakfast,” the receptionist said. “There is a communal kitchen on the ground floor and the bathroom and toilet on the same floor as you.”
Gerald nodded. “Okay, thank you.”
The receptionist nodded. “We also provide you with clean bed sheets once a week, but you have to supply your own toilet paper.”
Gerald grinned humorously and then made his way slowly up the stairs with his luggage.
“Your room is on the left past the bathroom,” the man called after him.
Dragging his suitcases up the stairs one at a time was awkward, but finally Gerald made it and opened up room number eight. He slowly dragged his luggage inside. There was just a single bed and a few sticks of furniture, but the little window looked out onto some nice green fields. It was possible for him to gaze at them and blot out the room behind him. 
Some clean sheets, pillowcases and two pillows we're neatly stacked on the bottom of the bed. But he was feeling quite exhausted from hauling his luggage and so he just lay back on the old mattress and lit up a cigarette. It was a gloomy room and the sort of room a person might retire to if he wanted to kill himself. In fact, he had an idea that a few suicides had taken place in that very room.
After a while there was a firm knock on his door. Gerald sat up nervously thinking that it might be the police. “Who is it?” he called.
“It's Myrtle, I work downstairs,” a young woman's voice said.
“Myrtle? Okay,” Gerald responded getting up and opening the door.
An attractive brunette wearing a dressing gown and sandals stood there looking at him with an overly dolled up face. “I work here. If you've got a few spare dollars we could have some fun if you want!” She smiled revealing a row of imperfect teeth.
Gerald gaped at her but immediately understood her meaning. “How much do you charge?”
“During the week when there's not much work on I do special rates! I have a room upstairs, number thirteen, lucky for some though.”
“Okay, Myrtle when I'm flush I'll come and see you,” he replied.
“That will be swell, just come up and knock, anytime,” she said giving him a wink and then walking off down the corridor.
Gerald watched her go, but she didn't really appeal to him. Too old. There was also a strong aroma of alcohol around her as if she had been drinking the whole morning. He went back into his room and closed the door. His stomach had started to rumble. He realised that he didn't bring anything with him to eat. He had forgotten to bring the few scraps of eatables which were in his little pantry back at the boarding house. 
In his rush he had even left behind a bottle of beer. He debated whether he should go back for it, but he had left the keys to his room on the bureau.
Instead he went downstairs to see if he could beg for a bagel and a cup of coffee. After all, he had been informed they would be his morning entitlement. He went into the hallway and down the stairs and got the attention off the man at reception. The man generously gave Gerald two buttered bagels and a paper of coffee. 
Gerald took them back up to his room and as was his habit sat on his bed and devoured his frugal meal. The bagels were cold but for someone who was hungry they were quite delicious. He chewed the doughy bread which was heavier than ordinary bread and it filled him up. But at some point he would need to get some groceries.
There was a long mirror hanging on the wall in his room which attracted his notice. Locking his door, he stripped off and examined himself. He hadn't been eating much lately and was curious to see how he looked in a full length mirror. The image that presented to him, he found quite off putting. He appeared to have lost a considerable amount of muscle mass. His legs particularly looked thin which might have been caused by all the walking he had been doing recently. He used to be a sort of beefy young guy but now he looked like a concentration camp victim. He needed to eat more burgers.
He dressed himself in his shirt and trousers and took a cigarette from his jacket pocket and smoked it on the bed. Now that he was starting to feel a little bit more settled, the realisation came to him that he could never go back to school. Not for the moment at any rate. As long as the police wanted to subject him to due process his school career would be on hold. Being over the age of eighteen meant that he wouldn't be entitled to any automatic special treatment and would be treated like an adult felon.
He sat back on the bed, laying his head against the pillow without a pillowcase and tried to coldly analyse the situation. Okay, he thought, so the only real bit of proof against him was the fact but he had been seen tampering with the cat’s dinner. Also, that he was in possession of arsenic. But poisoning animals wasn't a crime in the county, was it? And no one had been killed and Florence would undoubtedly speak on his behalf. 
So what on earth could the charge be that would put him away?  He kept coming back to the same conclusion that they didn't have much on him at all. So rather than remain in hiding, it would be best to face the music. He was due to take some exams in a few months’ time, and it was important that he continued his education. It really was a case of college or bust. He had to get into college as there was no other logistical pathway to the career he wanted.
He didn't want a blue collar job, who's ceiling of earnings was low. But neither did he want a criminal record which might prove to be a bar to acceptance to a better job. However, being on the run, as he now regarded himself was not the answer either.
As the police had already pulled him out of school, he had an idea that the Dean wouldn't be feeling very much sympathy towards him. Even though he hadn't been charged with anything, there was a chance that the Dean might expel him anyway. Gerald didn't have his dad to stand up for him and would have to rely on Mr Smudge, his friendly attorney.
But in terms of what to do next, he knew that he needed to bring Florence in to see the attorney and take it from there. Smudge had said that he was going to phone the police and find out whether they were going to charge him or not.
Gerald finished his cigarette and decided to call Smudge and find out if there was any news.
*  *  *
The hotel actually had its own little telephone booth so that guests could make private calls. Gerald couldn’t remember the attorney’s particulars and so looked them up in the phone directory. He was lucky that there were only two Smudges in the business section.
Gerald had some change in his pocket. He put a call through to his attorney’s office and it was answered by the receptionist who connected him to Mr Smudge.
“Where are you buddy boy?” his attorney asked. “The police are looking for you. They've already been to your boarding house three times. You better hand yourself in right now or it will get worse for you.”
Gerald sighed. “So they definitely want to arrest and charge me then?”
“I'm afraid so and the charge is quite serious, and you need to get your girlfriend Florence to refute it,” his attorney said. “She’s supposed to be the victim in all this.”
“What am I being charged for?”
“I'm afraid it's attempted murder,” his attorney replied in a regretful voice. “They say they have motive, opportunity, a reluctant victim, and a couple of witnesses. Unless your girlfriend Florence stands up for you, you could be looking at ten years in jail!”
The truth of his attorney’s words impacted him like an electric shock. Gerald felt his legs weaken and he leaned against the side of the telephone booth. “I don't believe this.”
“We need to get your girlfriend in to deny everything, pronto,” Smudge said. “And we need to show that Phillipa Wodden is an unreliable witness and that Mr Goldsby’s housekeeper, Mrs Drake got the wrong end of the stick. And we also need to explain why you had a quantity of arsenic in your room. I gather that the police have already questioned your landlady about any possible vermin problem, but apparently there isn't one. I understand she has also bought another cat to keep the situation under control. So tell me Mr Raphemore, why did you really have a lethal quantity of arsenic in your bureau drawer?”
Gerald felt cornered but knew that if he changed his story he would lose all credibility in the eyes of his attorney. “Like I said, I was under the impression that it was rat poison. And I had definitely seen some mouse droppings by the skirting board!” 
His attorney was silent for a few seconds. “Where did you get it from?”
Gerald had told so many lies that for a second he almost couldn't remember what he had said to the police about it. “I stole it from a school storeroom.”
There was a long pause at his attorney’s end. “I have spoken to the police, and they want to speak to you urgently. So the best thing you can do right now is come down to my office with Florence and get her to make a statement. And then I will phone the police again, and they can come and arrest you. Or you can hand yourself in. At this point in time you need to cooperate fully with them otherwise you won't be granted bail.”
Gerald found himself feeling faint again. “Okay, I will try and get hold of her, and I'll be down as soon as I can.”
“Fine, but don't leave it too long,” Smudge said hanging up.
Gerald slowly put down the phone and stared at his reflection in the glass of the phone booth. His cheeks looked hollow and his eyes dark. He almost looked like a gaunt, sick old man. As he still had some change, he quickly phoned Florence’s number. The phone rang and rang and then Lauren picked it up.
“Hullo?”
“Is that Lauren, it’s me Gerald? Can you put Florence on the line please.”
“She's not here” Lauren said. “She's at school.”
“Okay I'll go in and see her,” he said.
“Are you okay?” Lauren asked. “I've been hearing some funny stories about you.”
“I'm okay, I've just got a few things to deal with. I'll tell you all about it some other time.” He hung up.
He slowly went back up to his room, his energy low. He did not feel like being arrested today. It would mean being shut up in a room or cell for goodness knows how long. But maybe if he did hand himself in he would get bail, but he would have to attend a hearing first. So it would mean having to bear hours of being shut up somewhere until then.
He hadn't yet got himself any groceries but there was half a bagel left on the plate and so he quickly gobbled it up. He then lit up a cigarette and decided to trudge the half hour journey to school. Talking to Florence at this point was crucial and surely if she denied everything, the matter would be dropped. If she really loved him as she claimed, then she would do it without even thinking about it.

Chapter Fifteen
When he arrived at school he saw that all the students were between classes. So Florence was probably making her way to a class somewhere. He tried to think what class she would be doing next and suspected that it was probably geography. They didn't do the same classes, but it wouldn't be hard to track her down.
He walked down the corridor mingling with the other students in transit to their classes and then he spotted her. But he froze on the spot. She was speaking to two policemen who had evidently come into the school looking for him. His first reaction was to flee. It was just a normal gut reaction for somebody who didn't want to get caught.
Florence was at the other end of the corridor, and when she turned her head she spotted him straight away and let out an exclamation. The police turned their heads also and saw him and then quickly began to advance towards him. In panic Gerald began to back away, he wasn't thinking. 
As the police advanced on him, he then simply turned and ran. It was the worst thing he could do as he had now identified himself as a flight risk. To resist arrest meant that the judge at any future hearing would automatically deny him bail.
Nevertheless he stupidly continued running, tripped over a shoelace which had come undone and cut through the campus grounds to a wooden  fence. The police were hot on his tail, and one yelled for him to stop. Glancing over his shoulder Gerald saw they had both removed their revolvers from their holster's.
“Stop Gerald or we’ll shoot!” one shouted.
Rather than encouraging him to slow down, he stupidly ran even faster. When he got to the fence, he climbed it and threw himself onto the other side, landing painfully on the balls of his feet. All the walking he had done recently seemed to have made him more lightweight. He had almost glided through the air. He picked himself up off the ground and found himself in an enclosed yard with no way to get out.
A voice behind him said, “Stop right there Mr Raphemore and put your hands up. If you take one more step I swear to God we'll shoot!”
Now on his feet panting, Gerald saw he was trapped and slowly raised his hands and stared at the policemen. They were looking at him over the fence with their guns drawn, pointing at him. 
“But I haven't done anything!” Gerald said in a pathetic voice.
“Tell that to the judge!” one of the policemen said as he clambered awkwardly over the fence with a pair of handcuffs.
*  *  *
Because there was a line of communication between Gerald's attorney, the police and Florence, Gerald soon had a visitor as he sat in his cell. After the police had processed him and put him in custody, he had been lying on the little bed with his eyes closed. A pain was throbbing in his temple.
Suddenly the cell door opened, and an officer looked down at him. “You've got someone to see you!”
Gerald tiredly got to his feet and was taken to the visitor’s area. He was pleased to see Mr Smudge and Florence sitting at a table. Florence appeared to have been crying. As soon as Gerald entered the room Florence ran into his arms and cuddled him. “Oh Gerald baby!”
“No touching please!” the officer said.
Mr Smudge stood up. “Take a seat Gerald, how are you?”
“Not good,” Gerald replied. “I have a banging headache.” He sat down on the little chair at the table opposite his attorney. Florence also took a chair.
Mr Smudge shook his head slightly. “Why on earth did you run off? It will now mean you probably won't get any bail.”
“I don't know why I did it,” Gerald said. “I just felt scared, I panicked, but I would have turned myself in eventually.”
His attorney nodded. “Okay, I’ll tell the judge that you've been under a lot of strain lately and he might possibly consent to a bail request. I have brought Florence up to speed on the matter. On the way over we met up and she has agreed to make a statement denying the allegations against you.”
“Don't worry darling,” Florence said her makeup streaked. “Mr Smudge says that they don't have a case. The accusations against you are not proven and it's just Phillipa's word against yours. And my uncle’s housekeeper Millie doesn't have to make a statement if she doesn’t want to. So she's not going to testify.”
“That's right,” his attorney said. “The only thing they can get you on is for stealing the arsenic. But even then the school weren't even aware that any had been taken from their storeroom. I have also spoken to the Dean, and she said she will give you a reference but it's subject to certain conditions.”
Gerald frowned. “What conditions?”
“If the police drop the charges regarding the cat that you are accused of poisoning then you can come back to school,” Smudge said. “Otherwise you will be expelled. And that won't be good if you wish to get into college afterwards. Even so, the college will still have to be informed of this incident and it can't be kept under wraps.”
“But then that will mean no college will take me,” Gerald said with deep concern.
“We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it,” his attorney said.
“So what happens now?” Gerald asked.
“Your hearing is scheduled for Tuesday morning at ten am at the Bellevue City Courthouse,” his attorney informed him as he looked down at some paperwork on the table.
“So that's two days being stuck in here,” Gerald said with a pained expression. 
Smudge sat back in his chair and contemplated him for a couple of moments. “They might have released you if you hadn't run. But now they have you down as a flight risk, but I will ask. I'm prepared to put myself up as a guarantor if you promise you won't try to run again. So if you give me your assurance that you're not going to take off,  I will put that proposal to the Sergeant.”
“I swear to God that I'm not going to do that again,” Gerald said glancing at the policeman who was standing in the room by the door. “I knew it was stupid even as I was doing it.”
Mr Smudge nodded. “Okay then, we’ll see what the Sergeant says.”
Gerald looked over at Florence. “Did you speak to your uncle? Is he going to drop his complaint?”
Smudge and Florence exchanged glances. Smudge leaned forward on the table. “Now that's another issue which we may have to address. According to Mr Goldsby’s housekeeper Millie Drake, you went up to the Goldsby mansion and knocked on the door. Will you confirm this?”
Gerald knitted his brow. “Yes that's true, I told Florence. Why?”
“Well it appears that Mr Damien Goldsby has now gone missing, and the police are suggesting that you may have something to do with this. If Mr Goldsby does not turn up in the next twenty-four hours I think the police will regard you as a potential suspect. Either in his kidnap, or something more sinister.”
Gerald was absolutely aghast. “What? Tell me please that you're kidding? Florence, didn't you manage to speak to him then?”
Florence shook her head. “I tried ringing and going to see him, but he wasn't there. Millie said he had gone to bed and the next morning he had disappeared.”
“Disappeared?” Gerald said staring at her. “Well he probably went out somewhere.”
“If he did he's been gone for nearly 48 hours,” his attorney said picking up his pen and tapping the desk.
Gerald looked at Florence. “You don't seriously think that I had anything to do with it do you? I just went to see him to talk to him as I told you.”
Florence nodded ahead. “I believe you sweetie. But it's just weird that after you went up there, he vanished.”
“Well I had absolutely nothing to do with it!” Gerald said starting to feel quite anxious. “It's just a coincidence. I mean, he's a rich man, he probably just jumped on a plane or something.”
“Why did you say that?” his attorney asked.
Gerald shrugged. “I don't know, I'm just guessing.”
“Well that is a very apt guess,” his attorney said. “Because he was due to fly to Chicago, but he never got on the flight.”
“Well that has absolutely nothing to do with me,” Gerald said. “I swear to God I just went up there to see him and his housekeeper took my particulars and then I came away.”
“And then you left the estate and went back home I presume?” his attorney asked.
“Yes, I swear to God. Also, I saw Philippa looking out of a window of Mr Goldsby’s house,” Gerald said. “So maybe she knows something about it. Why don't you ask her?”
“That's a matter for the police,” his attorney said.
“You believe me don't you flo’?” Gerald said beseechingly.
“Of course I do, but it does seem a bit weird,” she said. “If I'm being honest it seems very weird to me.”
“I have to tell you Gerald, that if, God forbid, something has happened to Mr Goldsby, you will probably be held as the number one suspect,” his attorney said.
“I don't believe this,” Gerald said in dismay.
“But don't despair, I'm sure that he's fine,” his attorney said. “But in view of the fact that he had made a complaint against you, that might be regarded as providing sufficient motive to do him harm. However, I'm quite convinced of your innocence.”
Gerald nodded but was starting to feel very unwell. “So what's going to happen now?”
“The police are going to wait and see if he shows up after one more day,” his attorney said. “Seventy-two hours have to elapse before it technically becomes a missing persons inquiry. If he doesn't show up, you're going to be questioned. But in the meantime we’ll have to wait and see what the judge says at the hearing. So I'm afraid you'll be kept in custody until then, unless I can convince the police to release you on bond.”
Gerald clenched his fists and then sagged back into his chair feeling defeated. “I swear to God I have nothing to do with what's happened to Mr Goldsby. The only time I ever saw the man was ages ago when I served him in the restaurant where I used to work as a waiter.”
His attorney looked at him with interest. “So you've waited at tables? Well I’m impressed!”
Gerald nodded and smiled weakly. He felt that he had to put a brave face on for the sake of Florence, but even she was giving off adverse signals. She appeared to be slightly doubtful of his story, but didn't want to say so. Gerald hoped to God that the old man would turn up soon. It was just one of those unfortunate coincidences that he should go missing just when Gerald had decided to go and see him.
Mr Smudge got to his feet and so did Florence and Gerald.
“I'll see if I can persuade the Sergeant to accept me as a guarantor for your release, but you will be attending the hearing on Tuesday nevertheless,” Smudge said.
Florence grabbed Gerald and they kissed. 
“Let's hope they're going to let you out,” she said. “I’m sure they will.”
“I hope to God,” Gerald said in a downcast voice.
The attending officer took Gerald back to the cell and Florence and the attorney went to the Sergeant’s desk in the main reception area.
Gerald sat on the little bed in his cell waiting tensely to see whether he was going to be temporarily freed. Another twenty minutes rolled by and then the cell door was unlocked. His attorney reappeared with a glum face with the attending officer standing next to him. “I'm afraid Gerald that I have some bad news. You are regarded as too much of a flight risk and they are not going to take the chance of releasing you at this point in time. They will be transferring you to a holding centre near the courthouse. Then we'll just have to see what the judge says on Tuesday. I'm very sorry. I’ll be in touch.”
Gerald took this bad news stoically and went and sat back on the small cell bed and contemplated the stonewall in front of him. He found himself craving for a beer and cigarette but knew this desire was not going to be fulfilled. He lay back and fell asleep on the bed and was awoken by another officer bringing him in a cup of coffee and a sandwich.
Gerald meekly took the food. “Thank you.”
“No problem,” the officer said. “They'll be shipping you out tonight to the holding centre. But you won't be cooped up on your own.”
Gerald nodded. “Okay, thank you.”
“My pleasure,” the officer said and firmly closed the heavy cell door behind him.
*  *  *
As it turned out Gerald was not taken to the holding centre until the next day. He was collected from his cell at eight in the morning and had barely woken up and certainly had not yet washed. He had to share a police vehicle with two other juveniles, and nobody spoke. When they arrived at the Bellevue Juvenile Facility he was quickly processed and then found himself in a room on his own. It had two other beds in it and was quite large. It certainly was not as claustrophobic as the police cell.
He arrived just in time to join a queue at the breakfast servery which reminded him of the one at school. Looking around, he noted that he was mostly in the company of young men under the age of twenty-five. They must have been shipped in from all over the county.
He collected his breakfast on a tray and went and sat on his own at a table. He counted about fifteen other inmates in the same room. As he sat eating he glanced towards the door which had a correctional officer hovering next it. A man in his fifties suddenly entered wearing a business suit and looked in his direction. He said a few words to the correctional officer, and they appeared to be talking about him. The officer then laughed, and Gerald felt that it was at his expense.
After half an hour everybody in the room was collected up put into a line and walked back to their respective cells. Gerald was let into his cell but for some reason the cell door was left ajar. Gerald sat on the bed that he had chosen looking towards the door, wondering why it had not been shut.
The solid breakfast which he’d had, comprised of an egg, a slice of bacon, beans, and a waffle, washed down with some coffee. It had made him feel a lot better. It was probably the best meal he’d had in days. He then stood up and went and looked out of the barred window and saw that it overlooked some sort of a courtyard. It looked like the kind of yard the prisoners were expected to walk around during breaks.
He knew that this was only a holding centre. But it didn't seem too bad and everyone else looked as if they were in shock and didn't bother with him. No doubt if he did go to a proper prison it would be a whole different ball game. As he stood looking out of the window he heard a noise behind him. Turning, he saw the middle aged man that he'd seen earlier in the suit enter the cell. The man smiled at him, and Gerald blinked because it was someone he thought he recognised.
“I'm not disturbing you am I?” the man said coming in anyway and closing the cell door gently behind him. He had a thin feral-looking face with a sly expression and dark penetrating eyes. He also appeared to be wearing some kind of a toupee but a very expensive one. It was dark on top and grey at the sides. Normally Gerald would have found this uproariously funny, but he was in no mood for jokes.
“Mr Raphemore, we meet at last, or is this the second time?” the man said mysteriously. “May I sit down?” He sat on the bed.
Gerald sat on the bed opposite and stared at his visitor. The guys who shared this room had not come back yet.
“Let me introduce myself, my name is Damien Goldsby, I'm Florence's uncle.”
Gerald gaped and clutched the side of the bed. “The police are looking for you, they think I might have killed you. You've got to tell them you're alright.”
“I will in due course,” Goldsby said staring into Gerald's eyes. “As I implied, I have an impression we have met before.”
Gerald nodded. “You came into the restaurant where I was waiting tables and I served you.”
Goldsby nodded but appeared not to remember. “So, how are they treating you here?”
“I've just arrived,” Gerald said. “Why did you make those accusations against me? I don't understand. If you are supposed to be missing then why are you here? If it wasn't for you I wouldn't be in here!”
“That is debatable,” Goldsby replied. “The point is I’ve taken against you somewhat, Gerald. You're not really my kind of person. Too much of a sneak and a pansy for my liking. And to think that my niece is in love with you! What are women like? And I understand that you were trying to kill her. Tch, Tch!”
“Mr Goldsby what they're saying about me isn't true. I haven't tried to kill anybody, and I have nothing against you. So please just tell the cops the truth so I can go home.”
Goldsby folded his legs and clasped his knees with his hands. “God this bed is uncomfortable. I couldn't imagine sleeping on it for any length of time.”
“What do you want with me?” Gerald asked.
“I know a great deal about you Mr Raphemore,” Goldsby said slowly. “I know that you are a brilliant student, I know that you're struggling and living on your own. I know that you want to be a lawyer. And as much as I disapprove of you because you think too much of yourself, I could use a man like you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Lawyers are expensive and the cheapest way to get legal representation is to employ one on a permanent basis,” Goldsby said. “Our legal department is stuffed with a bunch of old fogies on the way out. They’re also out of touch. They don’t have their fingers on the pulse anymore. And so we need some new blood, loyal people who feel grateful to my company. So I'm thinking maybe I can buy your loyalty, by giving you an allowance, by buying your way into the best college in the state. Pay all the fees. That should buy a certain amount of loyalty. Then get you early on to sign a contract which will keep you with the firm. And if you stray then I will sue the ass off of you!”
“I am not for sale,” Gerald said.
Goldsby laughed. “Well said Mr Raphemore. But I'm afraid you have little choice in the matter.”
Gerald stared at him. “What do you mean?”
“I mean that my niece is very naive but clever enough to have chosen somebody who might have a future,” Goldsby said. “And if you think I didn't know about the fact that you were trying to persuade her to have a termination, you are mistaken. That was something I could not allow. The idea of the offspring of the Goldsby family being compromised like that is unthinkable. So I put a stop to it. The medication you were giving her was purely placebo.”
“I don't understand.”
“The medication you got from your quack doctor which was supposed to induce an abortion were just sugar and milk pills,” Goldsby said with a cold expression.
“I don't know what you're talking about,” Gerald said.
Suddenly Goldsby who was about six foot tall stood up and came over and grabbed Gerald by the lapels. “Don't give me that shit! Florence was telling my housekeeper all about it and she reported every single thing to me. I ought to have the guards kill you right now! But it would only break Florence’s heart, bless her.” He put Gerald down and straightened his lapel.
“I'm going to report this as soon as you leave,” Gerald said defiantly feeling a little shaken up. “And once they realise who you are and they let me out of this place, I'll get my attorney to sue you. See how you like that!”
Goldsby stood staring at him and then he smiled. “You kind of look cute when you're angry, I can see what my niece sees in you. But don't be a sap! I can help you in a big way. And you and Florence will get everything. You will be my chosen ones!”
Gerald took this in. “What?”
Goldsby shook his head and walked to the window and turned around. “But there's something you will have to do for me first. If you don't then I will simply let due process throw the book at you. And you will go down for a very long time and be shipped to Pittsburgh Federal which is a pretty nasty jail. And there will be no future for you and all the big ugly guys in there will want a piece of your ass! Did you know that's what they do to pretty young men in jail?”
Gerald swallowed hard but didn’t speak. 
“See, I want you to kill somebody for me!’ Goldsby said. “That will be the test. And don't pretend that you don't ever contemplate such things.”
“I don't know what you mean,” Gerald replied with a frown.
“I know you were keeping arsenic in your room,” Goldsby said. “You were planning somebody’s murder. Perhaps it was mine and not Florence’s? That's why when you came to the house I didn't want to see you. For all I knew you might have been carrying a revolver.”
Gerald shook his head. “You're crazy. Florence said you were a little strange.”
Goldsby paused. “Did she now? Well, I'll just have to take her over my knee and teach her what the word whoop ass means!”
Gerald raised his hand and pointed his finger at the older man. “I swear to God if you put a single hand on her you will regret it!”
“That's my boy!” Goldsby said. “But you haven't asked me who I want you to kill.”
“Who then?” Gerald said pretending that he really wasn't interested.
“Philippa Wodden!” Goldsby told him. “She was a great lay for a while but now she's starting to be a problem!”
Gerald just stared at him. “You really are crazy!”
Goldsby put his hand on Gerald’s shoulder. “You don't wanna know how crazy! Well, I have to go now but I'll be in touch with more details. Do this for me and all your problems will just disappear in a puff of smoke!”

Chapter Sixteen
At the first opportunity Gerald made a phone call to his attorney who took it straight away. There was a bank of phones down the centre’s corridor. Gerald was allowed to have one phone call on credit.
“Gerald, you okay? What's the matter?” Smudge asked.
Gerald was so excited about what happened that he couldn't get his words out quickly enough. “Goldsby! He was here, he came to my cell!”
“Slow down,” his attorney said. “What are you saying? That Damien Goldsby actually visited you in your cell?”
“I know it sounds crazy,” Gerald said. “But this guy in a suit claiming he was Goldsby came into my cell and asked me to do something for him. Like a blackmail thing.”
There was a pause. “How do you know for sure that it was Goldsby? All sorts of weird stuff happens in prison so maybe somebody was just jerking you around.”
“I'm pretty sure it was him because I once served him when I was waiting at that restaurant I told you about,” Gerald replied. “And he seemed to know about everything anyway.”
“What was it that he wanted you to do?” his attorney asked.
“I don't know whether I should say it over the phone?” Gerald said. “But it was bad. And he said if I did it all my problems will go away. I think he meant that he would drop his accusations.”
“Well, that doesn't mean that the police will necessarily withdrawal from the case,” his attorney said. “I mean, these are pretty serious charges. Although, we are talking about Damien Goldsby who is quite an influential gentleman. I believe he knows anyone who's anyone in the county. If he wanted to, he could easily put me out of business for instance.”
“Really? So, are you going to inform the police that he was here then?”
His attorney was very hesitant. “I could mention it. But I doubt if the cops will take it very seriously. And even if they did they would probably automatically be on Goldsby’s side anyway. I would say that he pretty much owns this town. If he likes you, your life will be sweet. If he doesn't, you'll need to move miles away.”
Gerald was dismayed at his attorneys attitude which was very downbeat. “So what are we going to do then?”
“I think we should just sit on the matter and see what happens next,” his attorney said.
“He did say he was going to give me more details,” Gerald replied.
“Okay, we will wait till then and decide what to do. And I shall certainly mention it to the judge on Tuesday. After all, you can't be charged and convicted for the death of a man who’s still walking around!”
*  *  *
After spending an uncomfortable weekend at the holding centre, Gerald was taken to the Bellevue courthouse and arrived there before his attorney did. Gerald was in handcuffs which he couldn't conceal and attracted a number of glances.
With about fifteen minutes to spare, his attorney, Smudge arrived with Florence, and she embraced Gerald warmly.
“Mr Smudge told me what you told him about my uncle,” Florence said. “But when I went up to the house, Millie told me that he hadn't come back yet. He’s been gone for days. Are you sure it was my uncle that came to see you in your cell?”
“Not a hundred percent,” Gerald said. “But he seemed to know a lot of stuff that a stranger wouldn't know. And he said he was going to contact me again, but he hasn't yet.”
“I'll keep trying to phone him then,” Florence suggested.
His attorney took Gerald’s arm. But because he was handcuffed to a policeman, he couldn't have a private conversation with his client. “We could have done with a little more preparation time,” Smudge said. “But basically you're pleading not guilty to all the charges and then I'll request bail. I will also immediately request a mistrial on the basis that you contend that you were visited by one of the so-called victims in this case. I know you haven't yet been technically charged with anything in relation to Mr Goldsby. But I gather that the police are going to attach an extra indictment relating to Goldsby’s disappearance. It looks like they intend definitely to charge you with the man’s homicide. That’s despite no concrete evidence and the fact that no body has been found. It's a complete fiasco and I will point this out to the judge.”
“When is they're going to be the deposition?” Florence asked. 
Mr Smudge looked at her with interest. “Well, there kind of already was one. But the way the police are conducting this case is quite irregular. They seem to be proceeding on the basis that you are automatically guilty Gerald and so are trying to cut down on procedural time. I just hope the judge doesn't go along with it.”
At this point the bailiff came out of courtroom three and called for ‘Gerald Raphemore’. It was his turn to face the judge.
*  *  *
The preliminary hearing took less than fifteen minutes. Under the prompting of the prosecutor, everything Gerald's attorney requested was denied. Bail was simply out of the question and Gerald would be obliged to stay in jail until the main hearing. It would likely be scheduled for some time in the new year. As Mr Smudge explained, this hearing was to determine if any bail would be granted. However, it appeared that the judge had clearly made up his mind about this issue beforehand.
At the hearing, Mr Smudge was quite outspoken and not afraid to challenge the judge. He was determined to reveal that Damien Goldsby made a surreptitious visit to Gerald at the holding centre. Smudge loyally believed what Gerald had said without question.
“Is there anything more Mr Smudge?” the grim faced judge said looking down from his elevated desk.
“I would like to draw your honour’s attention to an unusual incident which relates to additional charges that the police are bringing. It effectively disqualifies the charges. I gather they will be part of this indictment. I'm referring to the fact that Mr Damian Goldsby, who is a resident of Dockwood is now a missing person. However, the police have decided in their wisdom to charge my client with either Mr Goldsby’s abduction or conspiracy to abduct or with his outright homicide. I have not yet been able to view the paperwork.”
“This is already part of the indictment,” the judge said.
“I see. I was not informed of this,” Smudge said. “I thought the question of charging my client with Mr Goldsby’s disappearance was still under consideration.” 
The judge stared at him. “No. The police have now decided to hold your client responsible.  It means that this will now be a full blown murder trial, the date of which will be set for some time in the summer. I gather that you wish to draw my attention to an incident?”
“Yes your honour,” Smudge said. “ My client claims to have been visited by Mr Damien Goldsby in person at the holding centre where he currently is. I would therefore request that this part of the current indictment be withdrawn or reviewed.”
“Objection your honour,” the prosecutor, Mr Taylor said. “This is the first we have heard of it and there have been no other reports of this. We believe this request is completely bogus without any merit and is a delay tactic.”
The judge directed his attention at Gerald who was seated in the defendants area of the courtroom. “Mr Raphemore are you saying that you were recently visited by Mr Goldsby where you're currently being held?”
Mr Smudge nudged Gerald to get to his feet. “Yes sir, I mean your honour. He just came into my cell a couple of days ago and spoke to me.”
“Did you inform anyone else of this?”
“No Sir, I only told Mr Smudge.”
The judge frowned and looked at the prosecutor who was on the opposite side of the courtroom. “Mr Taylor in view of this claim by the defendant, I would ask that you temporarily suspend this part of the indictment. Only until we have achieved more clarity regarding Mr Damien Goldsby’s status.”
“Your Honour, with respect, it is not credible that Mr Damien Goldsby, who has been missing for a number of days should suddenly turn up at the holding centre. Clearly this is a ridiculous gambit on the defendant’s part to interfere with due process. I'm surprised that Mr Smudge even raised this ridiculous suggestion.”
The judge stared at Gerald with a baleful eye. “I must say Mr Raphemore, I'm inclined to agree with the prosecution on this point. It does seem unlikely that a man like Mr Goldsby should come and visit you personally at a Federal centre and apparently unnoticed by staff. It is unlikely that a member of the public can access these government facilities at will. And for what purpose? I presume you are claiming to have conversed with him?”
“I did sir,” Gerald said. “I swear to God I'm not lying.”
The judge did not seem to be convinced but he turned to Mr Smudge. “I would request both Mr Smudge and Mr Taylor meet me in my chambers after this hearing. In the meantime Mr Raphemore will be transferred from Bellevue to the Landerwell Correctional Facility for adults. Bail denied. He will be held in custody until a full trial in the new year. Dates to be advised.” The judge banged his gavel.
Mr Smudge turned to Gerald. “They'll be taking you back to the holding centre now and then you'll probably be immediately transferred to prison. I will come and see you on Thursday, either way.”
Florence who was sitting a few benches back quickly got up and embraced Gerald as he was escorted past by the police officer. “Gerald!” she said trembling, her face white
“Don't worry baby, it will work out,” Gerald said, feeling completely crushed as he was whisked away.
“I'll come and see you as soon as I can!” she said.
*  *  *
A day later Gerald was transferred to Landerwell, a prison with a horrible reputation. Luckily for him he was given his own cell but was told that it was probably only temporary. The regime at the prison was very strict and prisoners were only allowed to leave the cells three times a day, for meals and a break in the yard.
He immediately attracted the notice of a group of hard-line prisoners, one of whom propositioned him with threats. Gerald realised that he was imminently in danger and decided to forgo the break in the yard where he was most exposed. Supervision by staff was also more lax there. He did, however, make friends with a young black man who claimed that he had been falsely imprisoned.
“Once they put you in here, that's it,” the young man told him, whose name was Clark.
“What do you mean?” Gerald asked as he joined a line going back to the cells after supper.
“They only put you in here if they think that you're going down for a long time. And that's a fact.”
Gerald took this in and didn't reply. 
The cells did not afford much privacy. They consisted of three walls and bars going across the length of the cell at the front. Gerald sat on his hard bed staring out into the corridor. He then made up his mind that if he was going to spend any length of time in a place like this, he would kill himself.
He initially did not want to inform his parents of what had happened. But they were still under the assumption that he was at the boarding house. He decided to ask Mr Smudge to inform them of the situation when he saw him again. But a week passed before Smudge turned up and saw him in the visitor’s suite.
They sat at a table with about fifteen other inmates all talking at the top of their voices.
“How are you Gerald?” his attorney asked as he offered him a cigarette. They sat down at a table.
Gerald puffed on the cigarette eagerly but began to cough as he had not smoked for a while. “I feel terrible,” he replied.
Smudge nodded. “I'm afraid to say that the part of the  indictment regarding Goldsby still stands,” his attorney said. “In fact they are adding an additional charge of conspiracy for lying about Goldsby’s visit.”
“But I'm not lying!” Gerald said raising his voice. “What the hell has conspiracy got to do with anything?”
“They believe you are conspiring to pervert the course of justice by claiming that you saw Goldsby which does seem highly unlikely I must say,” Smudge said with a shake of his head.
“So what happens now?” Gerald asked feeling very despondent.
“The whole thing appears to depend on whether other witnesses can be produced to verify that Damien Goldsby is still alive,” his attorney said. “I mean, there have been a number of cases where people have been convicted of the murder of individuals who simply moved away. And they were definitely still alive. One classic case in England involved the trial of a Doctor Crippen about sixty years ago. Doctor Crippen was accused of murdering his wife, but apparently she went to America. When she learned her husband was being tried for her murder she wrote to Churchill who was, I believe, the Secretary of State at the time. But the letter was ignored, and the trial went ahead, and Crippen was found guilty. It seems to me the authorities don't care who they hang for murder as long as they look good in the eyes of the public. And Damien Goldsby is a very popular man. He employs thousands of people. So for this reason if he doesn't reappear, I'm afraid, Gerald you will be going down for probably the remainder of your life!”
“I can't believe this is happening,” Gerald said feeling as if he was going to throw up.
His attorney scratched his chin. “So are you sure the man who visited you was definitely Goldsby?”
Gerald gave him a forlorn look. “It had to be as he seemed to know so much. Also, he looked exactly like the man I served at the restaurant. I was told by the manager that it was Goldsby, so it has to be.”
“And he promised to come back to see you did he?” his attorney asked.
“Not exactly,” Gerald replied. “I think he said he would be in touch or something like that.”
“Then let's hope that happens and we find out what the hell is going on,” his attorney said. “But I'm going to go out on a limb on this one. I know a good private detective and I'm gonna get him to snoop around. He owes me a couple of favours anyway. He just might find Goldsby hiding in his house and maybe his housekeeper has been sworn to secrecy. But why he should be doing this, is a mystery.”
Here was a faint ray of hope and Gerald embraced it. “Well if Goldsby is alive, either Florence will find out soon enough or your guy will.”
His attorney nodded his head. “Exactly. Okay, I shall raise the issue of bail again with the judge if I can, and see if I can offer a bond that would be acceptable. I will see you soon, Gerald.”
“Fine,” Gerald replied. He watched his attorney get up from the table and walk out of the room. Gerald had to wait with the others before he could be escorted back to his cell.
When he arrived he found a piece of folded up paper sitting on the bed. It was a note with a obscene drawing on it. The note said, “Hey pretty boy, you and I need to have a talk. Ronnie xxx.”
Gerald knew exactly what the note meant and had no intention of talking to the person who sent it. In fact, for the next week he tried to keep his head down and avoided making eye contact with any of the other prisoners. He did see Clark again who was sitting with a bunch of black guys on the landing giving everybody dirty looks. However, Clark saw him and waved at him which only made Gerald more paranoid.
Gerald was able to make a few phone calls, but the one to Smudge wasn’t very reassuring. But he was convinced that his attorney was doing everything he could. However, he soon realised that in the criminal justice system everything moved with a painful slowness. After a couple of days he got a call from Florence who said that she had been trying to get through. But she had been told that Gerald was only allowed two phone calls a week and these have been used up.
“Did you get hold of your uncle?” Gerald asked feeling very tense but glad to be able to speak to her.
“No I haven't, and I've been up to his house three times,” she told him. “Are you really sure it was him they came to see you?”
“Jesus,” Gerald said in an exasperated tone. “I'm not that stupid, I'm pretty sure it was him and he said he would be in touch, but he hasn't been yet.”
Florence appeared thoughtful. “I can only think that he's staying at one of his other houses.”
“Other houses?” Gerald said with surprise. “How many does he have?”
“About six,” she replied. “So he could be anywhere. He also owns a hotel in Miami.”
“So what does his housekeeper say when you go there to his main house?”
“Well I must say she does act a bit funny,” she said. “And it does seem that she’s lying to me.”
“Because she is!” he said. “But why is he doing this? Why is he playing this crazy cat and mouse game?”
“He has always been a bit weird,” Florence replied with a sigh.
Their call was interrupted by an operator who said they only had twenty seconds left.
“I'll try and phone tomorrow,” Florence said.
“Okay, Gerald replied in a downbeat voice. “But I doubt if they'll let you speak to me.”
*  *  *
He was right. For some reason the prison authorities were restricting his privileges. Then a couple of days later while he was waiting at the prison servery for some lunch, someone put a hand on his back. Gerald turned and saw an obese man in his forties smiling at him in the queue behind him.
“Did you get my note?” the man said in a foreign accent. “I'm Ronnie. Do you play chess?”
“I used to,” Gerald said.
The man stared at him. “I've got an ivory chess set back at my cell. Would you like to have a game with me?”
Gerald had no illusions as to what the man meant. “I'm a bit rusty so I'll pass if you don't mind.”
“I'll treat you to a nice ham sandwich,” he said. “And I've got a bottle of hooch that we could share.”
“No, that's alright thank you,” Gerald replied politely not wanting to upset the man.
Suddenly the man reached out and touched Gerald’s crotch. “I'm offering you a game and it's not very friendly of you to turn me down!”
The man’s grip hurt, and Gerald tried to pull away. “Let go of me or I'll report you!”
There was laughter from the men in the queue behind him who knew what was going on.
The man kept a hold of him and brought his other hand up and gripped Gerald shirt. “You can report all you want. From now on you belong to me!”
Before Gerald could respond, Clark suddenly appeared and put his hand firmly on the man’s shoulder. “This boy isn't for sale,” he said.
“Butt out, spook!” the man snarled.
Clark move closer to the man. “Say what?”
The man suddenly let go of Gerald and stepped out of the queue. “I'll be having words about you!”
Gerald straightened his shirt, his crotch smarting from the man’s brutal grip. “Thanks.”
Clark nodded. “That's my pleasure. And if you have some spare dough, I could sure use some smokes.”
Gerald looked at him and realised that he was being offered protection. But it seemed worth it, although he didn't have much money. “Okay, I'll speak to my girlfriend and see what she can do.”
Clark patted Gerald on the arm. “Maybe I can drop by in a few days. And maybe you could look after something for me!” Clark said mysteriously and then walked away.
The man behind Gerald in the queue tapped him on the arm. “Watch out, you know what he means, don't you?”
“No,” Gerald said with a frown.
“He means that he wants you to look after his dick!”
Gerald’s eyes widened and he realised he was quickly becoming a marked man.
*  *  *
Fortunately for Gerald, he didn't see Clark for a few days but knew that he had to fulfil his promise to get him some cigarettes. And then suddenly Gerald was able to get his full quota of phone calls and then learned that Florence had paid for them. He asked her if she could send him a packet of cigarettes. However, he wasn't sure if they would be allowed in. But at least he could tell Clark that he had tried. Florence also told him that she had sneaked around her uncle’s house, and it did really seem as if he had disappeared.
She had made a couple of phone calls to his Miami hotel. The man she spoke to appeared to be very evasive which made Florence suspicious. She promised Gerald that she would continue with her investigations, and they hung up. Gerald then tried to get hold of his attorney but apparently he was at court and so Gerald decided to try again some other time.
He was just grateful that he still had his own cell as he dreaded the idea of sharing it with another prisoner. After a couple of days he bumped into Clark again and told him that he had asked his girlfriend to send him some cigarettes. Clark seemed pleased but felt that the enterprise was probably doomed. 
From time to time Gerald would see Ronnie who would shoot him hateful glances. Gerald just kept his head down and avoided all contact with anyone as much as he could.
A week later, after lights-out, as he lay on his bed staring at the moonlight playing on his cell walls, his door was suddenly unlocked. This was very irregular considering that it was after ten o'clock. Gerald set up in his bed as the cell door quickly opened and a shadowy figure came in.
“Mr Goldsby?” Gerald said almost relieved to see him.
“Hello Gerald, how are you? Enjoying the prison food?” Goldsby came and sat on the bed opposite. The room was gloomy but there was sufficient light for the men to see each other. Goldsby looked particularly sinister in the semi-darkness.
“Mr Goldsby, I'm begging you please help me to get out of here,” Gerald said.
Goldsby stared at him and then grinned. “I gather you told the judge at your arraignment that I'd come to see you.”
Gerald was silent for a moment. “Yes. How come you can just go in and out of these places?”
“Because I provide a load of paying work for the prison,” Goldsby said. “Actually I make this prison a lot of money. And I will happily look after you if you help me.”
“So, you're like one of these companies that exploit prison labour?” Gerald said.
Goldsby nodded his head. “I see you know your history. It's a tradition that goes right back to the old British workhouses. It's a case of prisoners either doing some honest work and getting paid, or getting zilch for doing nothing. But don't change the subject.”
“I can't do what you're asking me to do,” Gerald said. “I'm not a murderer.”
“A few weeks ago, when Philippa was giving me head, she told me all about it,” Goldsby said with a grin. “Told me your sinister plans!”
“She's crazy, you do know that don't you?” Gerald said bitterly.
“Don't make a jerk out of me,” Goldsby replied raising his voice slightly. “You had that arsenic in your room for a reason and it wasn't to kill rats.”
Gerald just shook his head. “Look, if you want me to kill Philippa how am I supposed to do it from in here?”
Goldsby got up and went to the window and looked out onto the recreational yard. “Oh yea of little faith! Don't you think I've already thought of that. It's simple. I'll just ask the guards here to leave all the doors open for you, and you can just walk out as free as a bird. Now you'll have two choices. You could either run away and become a hunted man, a fugitive. Or you can play ball with me and all the charges against you will be magically dropped. I will suddenly reappear and say that I had gone on a business trip. And Philippa won't be able to testify against you because she will be dead. So you'll be killing two birds with one stone. You'll be doing me a favour and yourself a favour. See, she's got a big mouth and I was stupid enough to tell her too much about my business. So you need to get rid of her for me.”
“Okay suppose I walk out of here and run,” Gerald said. “I could go anywhere, miles away and start a new life. I could go to Europe and continue my education there. You'd never find me.” 
“You could, but then you would be walking away from a golden future,” Goldsby said, his eyes somehow glittering in the semi-darkness. “See, Florence is my favourite. And Lauren, well she's a bit of a bitch and her useless husband Bruce is a big let-down. But you, I have a good feeling about you. And the Dean  of your school says you have one of the most brilliant minds she has ever encountered and she's a bitch too. And she doesn't give compliments lightly. So I've made up my mind. I want to pass all my considerable wealth, my money, my stocks and shares, my real estate, my company to someone I can have faith in. But first you will have to pass this difficult test. And if you pass then you and Florence will become the chosen ones. Because to be honest, I'm tired of business. I just wanna go to the other side of the world and live on a Pacific island with a couple of hoes and drink tequilas all day long. I'll pay them to keep me company. And you can send me bulletins from time to time from my head office in Chicago on how the business is going. But we practically have a monopoly of our particular publishing products. I publish the best car manuals in the world, among lots of other things. You heard of portable computers? Well that’s going to be one of the next big things in the future!”
Gerald was sitting there listening. “Okay, but I don't understand something. You're a rich and powerful man and you could just get some professional killer to do this. Why does it have to be me?”
Goldsby nodded. “For two reasons. One, because I want to see what you're made of. And two, I want to keep this in the family with no other witnesses. I want to lock you in!”
“But suppose I get caught and I don't even know how I'm supposed to do it,” Gerald said.
“If you get caught that will be your problem,” Goldsby said coldly. “It’s part of the test. But I will make things as easy for you as I can. We are going to leave a couple of keys and a hammer in a car at a hidden location not far from this jail. You will walk out of here in two nights time. I've brought you a map of this place. So you need to study it because this jail has got more corridors than the Sphinx. All the gates will be open for you and you just have to follow the map. You won't encounter any staff or guards or anything like that. You will leave this facility and head west until you find a green Ford parked up under a tree with the ignition keys taped underneath the back of the right front wheel.”
“What is the hammer for?” Gerald asked. 
“To kill Philippa in her own bed at home, obviously. We will also leave you the keys to the front door of her parent’s house so you can get in. Her parents will be in, so you’ll need to be quiet! You go up the stairs on the right until you reach the landing, and her bedroom is the last room on the left on that floor. You will be wearing a mask which I will also supply, and you will enter her bedroom without hesitation. Then you will crush her skull with the hammer. Three blows should do it. Then you leave the house as quickly and as quietly as you can by the same way that you came in. You will then drive the car back to where you originally took it and then come back to your jail cell. All the gates and doors will be open to you. But the task has to be completed by two am. And the fact that you are back in jail will remove your name as a possible suspect in her killing. And then after you have done the deed to my satisfaction, the court will dismiss all charges I have raised against you like magic!”
Gerald nodded his head. “How do I know I can trust you and that this isn't some trick?”
“Because I care deeply about my niece Florence,” Goldsby said, a sincere look in his eyes. “But she is crazy about you, and I know that she will be bitterly unhappy if you end your days in jail. Also, I have opened a bank account in your name and have made a deposit.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a little dark blue bankbook and handed it to Gerald.
Gerald took it and had to hold it up to the light coming in from the moon. He found a fresh entry for twenty five thousand dollars. “This could just be a fake,” he said handing it back to Goldsby.
“No, you keep it,” Goldsby said. “Look, I don't blame you for being suspicious. And I know you've probably heard a few things about me. Okay, I've pulled a few strokes in my time but I promise you I'm on the level with you. I mean, if you can just walk out of here surely that will convince you that I'm not jerking you around.”
Gerald sat staring at the bank book in his hand. “Would you give me something in writing?”
“You mean saying but I want you to do this job for me? Absolutely not. Now that would be an admission of guilt wouldn't it!” Goldsby said. “Oh I forgot to mention, you need to wear the gloves which I will supply, and after you've done the job I want you to leave the hammer in the bedroom. Don't take it out of the house.”
“I haven't said I will do it yet,” Gerald replied. “I need more proof that I'm not being taken for a sucker.”
Goldsby was thoughtful. “Okay what about this? I'll get the prison cook to make you a special steak dinner every night of the week. That will prove that I have your best interests at heart.”
“Include some beer and cigarettes with that and I'll do it,” Gerald said, his craving having intensified considerably lately.
“Done!” Goldsby said extending his hand and shaking Gerald's. “I like your style Mr Raphemore. I can see that you will be an asset to my company. Just remember, three blows to the head, no hesitation, and then leave the hammer on the floor and go. And don't, I repeat don't forget to wear the gloves. They will be in the car. You’ll do this on Thursday night!” Goldsby went to the door of the cell, gave Gerald one more look and then left. Literally a minute later someone came and locked up the cell door.
Gerald went over to the window and held the bankbook up to the moonlight. There it was twenty-five thousand dollars. It couldn't be real could it, he wondered?

Chapter Seventeen
The next day there was a phone call from his attorney who sounded a bit defeated. “They are determined to throw the book at you. It's got to the point where the prosecutor won't even take my calls anymore!”
Gerald stood at the bank of prison telephones and pursed his lips. “He was here again, Goldsby. I'm a hundred percent sure that it's him.”
“Really! So what did he say?” his attorney asked incredulously.
“He gave me a bankbook with twenty-five thousand dollars in it,” Gerald said. “So now I can pay you. I would like you to take a look at it to see if it’s real.”
“God, okay!” Smudge said. “Tell you what, I'll cancel all my appointments for today and I'll come down to see you. I've gotta see this for myself.”
 Gerald said, “Maybe you can draw some money out for yourself to pay what I owe you. I need to know if it's real.”
“So why on earth did he give you all that cash?” Smudge inquired his voice crackling down the phone. “It sounds like a bribe or something.”
“Like I told you, he wants me to do something, but I don't think I can tell you,” Gerald said. “But if this money is real then I think I will do it.”
There was a pause at his attorney’s end. “Can you give me a clue? Is it legal?”
It was Gerald's turn to pause. “I don't think I can say. But it's pretty bad, but if I do it I'll be a free man.”
His attorney’s scepticism was palpable. “Well, I don't know what to say but I'll be down this evening.”
“Okay thanks.”
They hung up and Gerald made a quick call to Florence. “I saw him again, your uncle, he came to my cell,” he told her.
Florence didn't answer for several seconds. “It's not that I don't believe you sweetie but how can he just walk in and out of a jail? It doesn't make sense.”
“So are you saying that you don't believe me?” Gerald said.
“Well it is a bit hard to believe, but I'm not calling you a liar,” she said with a sigh.
“It sounds like you are,” Gerald said. “But anyway I've got proof now. He opened a bank account for me, and he put a lot of money in it.”
“He did?” Florence said.
“Yes,” Gerald replied. “He actually gave me a bank book. Maybe I shouldn’t talk about it over this phone. Anyway, I better get going now. I'll speak to you tomorrow.”
They hung up and Gerald went back to his cell and lay on his bed. He was feeling particularly tired as he had spent the night thinking about Goldsby’s proposition. He really didn't know what to make of it or if he was being taken for a fool. But if Smudge could verify that there really was twenty-five thousand dollars in the account then all his doubts would evaporate. In the meantime the bankbook was hidden under his mattress.
*  *  *
As the day slowly ground on, it looked as if Gerald's attorney wasn't going to show up. Then at about nine o'clock at night, Gerald was notified by the guard that he had a visitor. It had to be Smudge.
Gerald was escorted down to the visitor’s suite and found that he was the only one there. He had concealed the bankbook awkwardly down his trousers. His attorney was then escorted in, and they sat at a table opposite each other. But passing the bank book to his attorney would be difficult as they were under close scrutiny from the correctional officer.
Smudge had a quizzical look on his face. He bent forward and made meaningful signs with his eyes. Gerald took this to mean that he wanted him to slide the bankbook under the papers that Smudge had put on the table. The guard at the door was looking at Gerald from behind. So if he was careful, he would be able to smuggle the book across the table without being seen.
“So he saw you again then?” his attorney said keeping his voice low.
“Yes but I can't tell you what he asked me to do.”
His attorney pretended to read the papers in front of him on the table and subtly pushed them forward towards Gerald. It would enable him to quickly slide the bankbook under them. 
They continued talking and Gerald could see that the guard on the door had temporarily turned around to acknowledge somebody outside the barred gate. It was his opportunity to pass the bankbook to his attorney. He did it quickly and Smudge gathered up his papers and pulled them all towards him, the bankbook underneath them.
“I'm not sure if they listen in on phone calls here,” his attorney said. “I think they do.”
“Well, it probably doesn't matter,” Gerald said. “From what Goldsby told me he practically owns this jail. That's why he can just walk around and do whatever he wants. So they're probably not likely to care about the bankbook.”
His attorney made another sign with his eyes meaning that Gerald should keep his voice down. “Well, just to tell you, the police are also considering three other charges in addition to the existing ones.”
“What?”
His attorney nodded his head solemnly. “Apparently they're considering bringing a charge of rape against you as well.”
“Rape?” Gerald said grasping the arms of his chair. “Who have I supposed to have raped?”
“Philippa Waddon,” his attorney said looking down at his papers. “She claims that you went round to her house and out to the shed to speak to her and then you raped her!”
Gerald shook his head vigorously. “That is just so much crap! Seriously Mr Smudge, it didn't happen. Sure, I went round to see her, but we just talked. What the hell is her problem?”
“What did you talk about?”
“She was just telling me some bullshit about Florence and Todd Houseman, a friend of her sisters,” Gerald said.
His attorney nodded but didn't want to pursue it. He checked his watch. “Okay. I had better get going now. But I will phone you tomorrow and bring you up to speed on the prosecution's case which isn't looking good at all. If Goldsby can really help you, then he needs to pull his finger out of his ass pretty quickly!”
*  *  *
The next day Gerald got a phone call just after breakfast. The correctional officers on the landing allowed him to take the call and escorted him to the corridor where the phones were. It was Mr Smudge and he sounded quite excited.
“I went into the bank first thing and it’s all on the level,” he said. “Apparently the money was deposited in the bankbook on the same day it was opened, which was three days ago.”
“So you're saying that I definitely have twenty-five thousand dollars in my name?” Gerald asked but not quite taking it in as a reality.
“Absolutely,” his attorney said. “I had to give the bank my identification and other stuff before they would consent to answer any questions. But apparently a middle aged man came in claiming he was your father, and it seems he had some ID to prove it. It was in the name of Raphemore. So how the hell he got this ID I do not know but I can only assume that it's fake.”
Gerald was silent for a moment. “So he was calling himself Mr Raphemore? Now that is really crazy man!”
“Hmm, so I have to deduce that Damien Goldsby really has visited you in jail, but why isn’t clear to me,” his attorney said. “I shall get onto the prosecutor regarding this matter and say I have evidence that Mr Goldsby is alive and well. But of course he will want to see it. However, even if I showed the prosecutor the bankbook, the name Goldsby doesn't appear anywhere on it. So the prosecutor is not likely to be convinced.”
“Well, Mr Smudge, I'm not worrying anymore,” Gerald said thoughtfully. “Goldsby said he was going to drop his accusations but only after I've done him a favour.”
His attorney laughed. “I can't stand the suspense. What kind of a favour is he talking about? Can’t you give me just the ittiest bittiest clue?”
“I would love to tell you Mr Smudge, but I'd be worried that it would ruin everything,” Gerald said. “And I am supposed to do it tomorrow night, Thursday.”
“Really?” his attorney replied.
“Did you draw any money out to pay for your time?” Gerald asked.
“I couldn't because I'm not the account holder, you are,” his attorney said. “But on this occasion I'm prepared to waive my usual fee. The deal is you're going to paint my backroom, remember?”
“Well I can't do it from in here,” Gerald said.
“We'll talk about my fee at another time,” his attorney said. “I’ll leave your bankbook at my office for now and get it to you on my next visit. But whatever you're going to do for Mr Goldsby, just make sure it's not going to get you into any more trouble!”
*  *  *
When he woke up on Thursday morning Gerald realised but he had slept very badly. The whole situation with Goldsby seemed so surreal. He couldn't believe that he would be allowed to just walk out of jail. And of course the temptation was to walk out and not come back especially as he had a bankbook with twenty-five thousand dollars in it.
And it was all supposed to be some kind of a weird test. An important man like Damien Goldsby would not be wasting his time visiting him in the middle of the night for no reason. Of course there was the obvious possibility that Goldsby simply wanted to get rid of an unwanted girlfriend - Philippa. And he wanted Gerald to do the dirty work.
And she did seem a bit young for him. Philippa had only just hit her twenties and he was and ugly middle aged man. It really was like beauty and the beast. And it was obvious that she was using him, as he in his turn was using her. But now he wanted to shake her off and he had chosen Gerald to do it.
Gerald knew that he really had to take Goldsby’s word on trust. But the money was a carrot that was hard to resist. Though, it could be followed with the hard stick of a courtroom finding him guilty over a double murder, Goldsby’s and Phillipa’s. From what his attorney had said the prosecutor wasn't going to budge anytime soon.
So what was the sensible thing to do? Stay put and do nothing and face false charges? Should he go along with the plan and crazily murder Philippa with a hammer while she slept in her bed? Or should he just walk out of jail, collect the bankbook from his attorney and keep going? Leave Dockwood behind forever? 
He didn't have a passport, but he was sure that he could get one somehow and then jump on a ship and go to Europe. He could use the twenty-five thousand to get an education abroad. Perhaps work part-time as well and then set up his own legal practise. Maybe Mr Smudge had connections abroad.
It did appear to be crunch time and it seemed to him that it would be foolish to just take Damien Goldsby’s word for it. After all, he had conjured up all this trouble in the first place; the false accusations, going missing as if he had been murdered, Phillipa’s claims of rape. Why should he trust a man who was so easily capable of such mischief and malice?
No, he wasn't going to do it. He would just grab the money and run, and take his chances abroad. And maybe he could write to everybody later and explain everything. They would understand. With this thought in his head he decided to take it easy for the rest of the day and just lay on his bed to store up his energy for tonight.
If they really were going to let him out of jail and there really was going to be a car waiting for him, then he would just take off. First, he would have to go to his attorney’s office and get the bank book back. Then he would just keep driving until he had crossed the state line. Perhaps go find a library and make plans from there. Once he crossed the state line it would be harder for the local police to do anything, as each area had its own jurisdiction.
He was tempted to ring Florence and tell her that he was going away for a while, but then she would be asking all these awkward questions. It would probably be best to contact her after he had crossed the state line.
Gerald had his lunch as usual, keeping his head down and avoiding Clark and Ronnie who he hadn't seen for a while anyway. Then he went back to his cell and worked on his plan. He had heard that it was possible to get a passport made up by a printer. Once he crossed the state line then he would try and find one. He was sure that it was just a question of money. It surely wouldn't be more than a hundred bucks to get a little printed book with his photograph in it. It wouldn’t be a hard thing for a printer to make.
As he lay on his bed he found himself drifting in and out of consciousness and was able to partially blot out the noise of the jail. It was impossible to have any peace in prison. There was always the sound of conversation and the guards barking commands, even the occasional laugh or shout.
The day dragged slowly on and before he knew it, it was supper time and then time for lights out which usually occurred around nine in the evening. First, it would be lock up at about seven followed by lights out at nine. It was all designed so that prisoners would be obliged to get up early to do their respective jobs whatever they might be.
Although he hadn't been allowed to keep his wristwatch, he was able to discern the time from the prison routine. As soon as it was lights out, he knew it was seven and he decided to get ready for his journey. Of course if the cell door wasn't opened then he knew that someone was jerking him around. And he wasn't sure when the door was going to be opened but he knew he had to be back by two am.
Goldsby had given him a floor plan of the prison on a bit of paper, and it looked quite straight forward, if a bit of a zig zag. He put on his walking shoes. But was obliged to wear his prison uniform with the name of the prison on the back of his shirt. This of course made it easier for him to be identified by any law enforcement officer who should cross his path. He would need to lose his uniform as soon as he could.
He then sat on his bed studying the floor plan. Of course he had no intention now of going to Phillipa’s house. He would be an absolute fool if he did and commit a murder for this stranger. It annoyed him but Goldsby thought that he was such an idiot that he would fall for his story. Well, he was going to have a big surprise.
As he sat on his bed, Gerald found himself becoming increasingly nervous. But there was still no sign of the cell door being opened. By the time Gerald estimated that it was midnight, he was convinced that nothing was going to happen. That it was all just some sort of a sick game played by an eccentric millionaire. He sat back against the cold cell wall now convinced that the whole thing was just a cruel joke. Then he heard footsteps approaching his cell.
They walked down the corridor, momentarily paused outside his cell door but then continued passed. Gerald was sitting on his bed listening expectantly. Then the footsteps came back, and keys were shoved into his cell door and the door was pushed open. The guard who had done it then quickly retreated.
Gerald got up from the bed, crept over to the cell door, pulled it open and stuck his head out and looked up the corridor. No one was around and it looked like Goldsby’s plan was for real.
*  *  *
It wasn’t difficult to find his way out of the jail and he was astonished to see that all the gates and barred doors we're wide open. Damien Goldsby certainly did have some influence. Gerald was also surprised that not a single guard or member of staff could be seen. It was as if he were the only one in the prison complex. It took him nearly twenty minutes to find his way out as the building was so big.
The final hurdle was the main entrance which was a huge wooden gate with a smaller gate within it. This too was wide open. But as soon as he made his way out of this one, when he turned around, he found that someone had quietly closed it. So obviously members of staff were observing him, but they were doing so in a very discreet way.
Of course, Gerald had absolutely no intention of returning to the jail. He would be stupid to, he told himself. He just needed to get his bankbook back from his attorney who said he would keep it in his office for the moment. It occurred to Gerald that he could break into his attorney’s office to retrieve it and then make his apologies later. He really didn't want to have to wait until morning which would make his rearrest more likely.
Following the instructions in his map, he found the Ford that had been left for him under a tree in the next backstreet. Goldsby had even written down the registration number so there was no mistaking the car. So, the first order of business was to go straight to his attorney’s office, break in, get the bankbook, and then drive across the state line. Gerald thought that perhaps he could possibly go and see his parents but that might be risky.
Gerald stood next to the car and tried the door which was open. He looked up and down the street and found that it was completely deserted and everything as quiet as it could be. He then climbed in behind the wheel. He looked down at the few items which had been left on the passenger seat next to him. There were gloves, a hammer, door keys to Philippa’s house, and a ski-mask to put over his head he presumed. But of course he had no intention of using any of this stuff. He was not going to be Goldsby’s patsy and commit a serious crime which he might have to pay for later.
He noticed the car keys already in the ignition. As he reached for them, there was a movement behind him on the back seat. He looked round in surprise and saw that it was Florence dressed in an overcoat. “What the hell!” Gerald exclaimed  in stupefaction.
“Surprise, surprise!” Florence said reaching over and grabbing him and kissing him on the cheek.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Gerald said looking at her in the dim car.
“I'm here to make sure that you don't take off!” she said.
“What are you talking about?” he asked giving her an intense look.
She sat back in her seat and adjusted her hair. “You needn’t start pretending,” she said. “I know all about it. You were just going to drive off, weren't you?”
Gerald didn't know what to say for a moment. “Florence, I don't know what the hell is going on, but you need to go back home now.”
“My uncle was right, you are just going to drive off with the money,” she said. “He told me that you might do that. So that's why he sent me to make sure you do the job. And then you can be free. And then you and I can get married and have a good life.”
Gerald just stared at her. “So what did he tell you then?”
“As soon as you went to jail he came to see me and told me practically everything,” she explained. “Once you get rid of Philippa, then your new life will begin. My uncle said we could then move into his manor house.” 
“And live with your uncle? I don't think so!” Gerald said. “I can't believe this.”
“You have to do it for our sake.” she said.
“I don't get why he wants to get rid of Philippa so badly,” he said.
“She has been blackmailing him for nearly three years,” Florence replied. “See he made a lot of stupid mistakes. For a minute he was thinking he would have to marry her to shut her up. But then he had a better idea.”
Gerald shook his head. “He sure did! But I can't go through with it.”
“Yes you can, you have to for our sake,” she said leaning over the back seat and stroking his shoulder. “And I'm gonna wait in the car while you do it, to make sure it gets done!”
Gerald shook his head. “No you're not! I'm going take you home then I'm off. Look, we can still do all those great things only not here in this country. I will get in touch with you, and we can make new plans!”
“Yeah sure, we’ll be a couple of beggars making big plans,” she said. “Now you listen to me Gerald. If you don't go through with it, I will call the police and tell them where you are. So you have to do it. And the whole thing won't take more than fifteen minutes. My uncle explained everything.”
Gerald stared at her. “You would really do that, call the police on me?”
“Because I have to, because if I don't make you do it then my uncle will cut me off as well!”
“And you're supposed to be his favourite niece?”
Florence shrugged. “He said that once you do everything to his satisfaction, then the full story will be told.”
“The full story? You mean there's more to this?”
“He said there's a lot more,” she replied. “He said we will be told everything once you return to jail. They will then release you in the next seventy-two hours. As long as you do everything as planned.”
Gerald sat behind the steering wheel staring up the dark street not knowing how to get out of his bind. He needed at least a good day’s start but if Florence really did go and call the police, he likely wouldn't get very far.
She looked at him in the rear view mirror. “So are you going to do it, for us?”
“You know what you're asking me?” he said. “You're asking me to murder someone who used to be your best friend.”
Florence paused and looked down into her lap. “That’s right, she used to be my best friend. Now I want her dead!”
“You don't mean that,” he said.
“I do,” she replied. “She has been nothing but trouble. She was always jealous of me and then she got involved with my uncle.”
He looked at her with a new understanding. “I got the impression that you didn't know that, and that it was me that told you.”
She shook her head. “I have always known. I was the one who introduced them in the first place and then she got her hooks into him. And he is a weak man, and he didn't stand a chance.”
“So now he wants me to tidy up his mess for him,” Gerald said with a slight shake of his head. “But there's still something I don't understand. If he wants me to take over his company in the near future then why's he putting me at such risk?”
Florence pursed her lips. “That's what he's like. I’m sure he has good reasons. “
“He's a crazy guy if you ask me,” Gerald said.
Florence consulted her little wristwatch. “We need to get going. So are you going to do it or not?”
Gerald sighed. “It seems that I don't have much choice. You’d really call the cops if I don’t?”
She nodded. “Yes!”
“But if I go to prison for a long time for the murder of Philippa Wodden, it will be partly your fault!”
Florence's face was serious from moment and then she smiled. “But that's what's great about this, you can’t fail. My uncle will make sure of it, and we would have got rid of a nuisance! So you must do this for us!”

Chapter Eighteen
Gerald was more concerned about Florence's confidence than the act of murder that he was about to commit. She was just too flippant in the way she was egging him on. She almost appeared a little drunk to him. She seemed so certain about the outcome and that all would be well. For some reason Gerald just went along with it as he didn't have the moral strength to resist her. But something was nagging him.
They drove to Philippa’s house and found that all the lights were out. They pulled up about a hundred and fifty metres down the road from the property and sat for a moment in silence. 
Gerald turned off the ignition and looked over his shoulder at Florence. “You being with me makes you an accessory, you do realise that?”
Florence shrugged and stuck a fresh stick of gum in her mouth from a packet and began to chew. It was as if she didn't care in the slightest. “Do you want a piece?”
“No I don’t want a damned piece!” he snapped.
She was just not taking the situation seriously. “Jesus Florence! I'm about to kill a real life woman and you don't seem to give a damn!”
She stared at him through the dimness. “What I give a damn about is you and me and okay I'll be honest, the money.”
“The money? You mean the money that your uncle gave me?”
“No, I mean the hundred million dollars that my uncle is worth,” Florence said.
“Why are we now talking about that?” Gerald said quizzically with a deep frown.
“We’ll talk about it later then,” Florence said checking her wristwatch again. “You better get moving.”
Gerald stared down at the hammer on the seat next to him in the shadows. Then with reluctance he put on the ski mask and gloves and picked up the hammer. He weighed it in his hand. It would probably only take a couple of swings to achieve its purpose. But he wouldn't fancy being on the receiving end. “Do you know what I have to do?”
“Sure, you've got to cave her head in and make sure you do a good job!”
Gerald gave her a look. “Jesus Florence, this isn’t a game!”
Florence sighed. ‘I know it isn’t – just get on with it.”
“Alright, God, I'm going, Christ!” He stared down at the top of the hammer. “What's this on it?”
Florence shrugged. “How the hell should I know.”
Gerald examined the hammer carefully. “This is dried blood. There are a couple of specks of blood already on this, I swear to God!”
“Probably paint,” she said. “Gerald are you gonna do it or what? We’re running out of time. And Phillipa’s room is at the far end of the first floor.”
Gerald glanced at her, picked up Philippa’s house key, which was also on the chair next to him and abruptly got out of the car. He walked quickly across the deserted, dark road without looking back. To anyone looking out of their windows he appeared to be a burglar about to commit a crime. He marched over to Philippa’s house and stood outside the door, the hammer in one hand and the door key in the other.
He listened at the door and the house seemed completely still. Obviously everybody was in bed even though it wasn’t quite one o'clock. He then very quietly pushed the yale key into the lock, turned it and the door opened. He entered the house and decided to leave the front door slightly ajar.
The house was in complete darkness and there wasn't a single solitary sound accept for the far-off ticking of a clock in another room. Then suddenly the clock chimed one o'clock which made Gerald almost jump out of his skin. But it wasn't too loud and probably didn't disturb the people who might have been sleeping upstairs.
Gerald took a proper grip on the hammer and then very slowly and quietly went up the stairs. His ascent was silent as the floors were well carpeted. He got to the landing that was lit by the moon which cast it's light along the walls and floor. He then caught a glimpse of himself in a long mirror at the far end of the hall. For a second he didn't recognise himself in the ski mask.
After a pause he made his way to the room at the far end of the corridor and very gently opened the door. He looked down and in the gloom saw a figure under the bed covers with a sheet pulled up to the top of their head with just a little bit of hair showing. They appeared to be deeply asleep, but the figure also seem bigger than he imagined Philippa would be although she was in the foetus position.
Gerald advanced into the room, closing the bedroom door behind him, and stood by the bed, hammer in hand, staring down at the figure. It was good in a way that he couldn't see her face, as it would make the job easier to do. Then he just raised the hammer and brought it down in three blows in quick succession, smashing in Phillipa’s skull. The mattress bounced up and down as he did this.
It sounded like he had struck a block of soft wood. And all during this time, she hadn't moved an inch. She gave the impression that she had simply died in her sleep without that feeling any pain at all. Beetroot red blood quickly soaked the sheet and Gerald retreated to the bedroom door. But there was something strange in all this which made him stop and go back to the bed.
He bent over the figure and yanked backed the covers. He was shocked at what he saw. Now he understood while the body looked bigger than what it should have been. It wasn't Philippa Waddon’s body at all, it was the body of Damien Goldsby.
Gerald let out a shocked gasp. He had just murdered his benefactor and he was as dead as he could be. In panic Gerald quickly left the bedroom, rushed down the landing and stairs and out of the house, not bothering to close the door. He then remembered that he should have left the hammer behind, so he threw it on the grass verge as he crossed the street. He ripped off his balaclava and gloves and reached the car out of breath. Florence was still in the back.
“Did you do it?”
Gerald nodded, his eyes wild. “Yes, but it wasn't Philippa, it was your uncle! I have just killed your uncle! What the hell is going on? What the hell is he doing in her bed? And Where the hell is she?”
“I don’t know! Just get us out of here!” she said.
He quickly started up the car and drove like a madman up the street, zigzagging as he went. Then he slowed. “God what have I done?”
Florence's face was wreathed in frowns. “Are you sure?”
“Of course I'm damn sure! Did he used to stay at Phillipa’s house then?” 
“He must have done,” she replied looking out of the back window. “Which way are you going? You need to go back to jail, or they'll think you've done it!”
“God, I can't go back to jail now?” he said, a scared look in his eyes.
“But don't you see they will connect you with the murder if you don't return to prison,” she said logically. “If you go on the run they’ll put two and two together and think you've done it. So you need to go back!”
“But they know I’m out anyway! They let me out! Damn it!” he exclaimed his mind going all over the place. “So they’ll know I’ve done it! Jesus what am I going to do?”
“If you go on the run then they will definitely think you’re to blame. You’ve got no choice but to go back,” she said. ‘It will make you look innocent. Because a man in jail can’t commit a murder outside it!”
“But Jesus Florence, he was the one who was going to save me!”
“That's what he said,” she replied sitting back in the seat.
Gerald reluctantly turned the car around and drove back towards the prison. “What do you mean?”
“He doesn't always keep his promises,” she said. She seemed very calm.
“But you’ve just been telling me that everything will be alright, and now you're saying he doesn't always keep his promises!”
“The situation is complicated,” she replied. “But now he's dead, all charges will definitely be dropped against you.” 
“None of this makes any sense,” he said as he drove in the general direction of the jail. “For one, you don't seem at all bothered that I've just killed your uncle. And for two, the fact that he will be found dead will only make the case against me stronger. Don’t you see that? They will say I killed him when he first went missing!”
She shook her head. “The fact that he was found dead at Phillipa’s house will surely mean that you have nothing to do with his death. So they would have to release you from prison. And secondly you're right, I'm not shocked.”
Gerald frowned. “Are you telling me that you already knew about it? And that he was already… dead?”
“All I'm saying is that I'm pretty sure that the case will be dropped against you,” she replied. “At least that is what your attorney advised me.”
Gerald pulled the car to the side of the road and turned around and looked over the back seat. “Are you saying that my attorney is in on this?”
“Gerald you're wasting time, you need to get back to jail or this whole thing isn't going to work,” she said.
“What whole thing?” he demanded.
“I'll explain everything when they let you out,” she said. “But the one thing I can tell you now is that the bankbook that my uncle gave you is worthless. When Smudge went and checked it, the bank confiscated it saying it was a fake.”
Gerald pulled the car out onto the road again. “What? But Smudge told me they confirmed it had twenty-five thousand dollars in it!”
“He was afraid that if he told you the truth you might do something desperate,” Florence said. “Because you kept talking about some job my uncle wanted you to do. So that made your attorney a bit nervous. Anyway, he found out what the little job was and quickly came up with this new plan. The alternative was that you would have been charged with Philippa’s murder. See, my uncle was fixing to destroy you. Only we turned the tables on him at the last minute. Smudge is real smart, and I told him everything.”
Gerald shook his head. “You lost me! Told him everything about what?”
“About how my uncle Damian had been abusing me for years,” Florence said with a sigh. “And how much I hated him and yet I had to put on this act so that he would leave me in his Will.”
“So are you telling me that when I got to Philippa’s house your uncle was already dead?”
Florence nodded. “Yes.”
“So who killed him then?”
Florence was silent. “For now it's best if you don't know too much. What I will tell you is that you picked a good attorney in Mr Smudge. He's going to make sure I'm going to get every dime that I deserve from the estate. My uncle was the dirtiest bastard you can ever imagine. He was planning to take you from me, to destroy you and get rid of Philippa at the same time. See, you were both threats to him. At least that is what Mr Smudge thinks.”
“So in other words you killed your uncle or had someone do it? That’s right isn’t it?” Gerald said unable to take it in. “So if your uncle was already dead, then why the hell did you force me to go in to hit him on the head with a goddam hammer?”
“To guarantee your silence,” she said a smile playing on her lips. “So now we're all in this together. And that was your attorney’s idea; he's a brilliant guy! Except, I wasn’t the one who killed my uncle.”
“I don't know what to say,” Gerald said. “So where is Philippa now?”
“At my uncle’s house,” Florence said. “And soon in the next half an hour she's going to get a phone call ordering her to come back to her own house by cab. And when she comes back she's going to be met by some policemen who are going to arrest her for killing my uncle!”
“You're kidding me?” he said. “So she did it then? She killed him?”
“Nope, but that's why you need to be back in jail so no one can point the finger at you,” she said.
“But Florence, they know I'm out, the prison guards let me out!” he said his brow furrowed. 
“They worked for my uncle,” she said. “But the governor of the prison doesn't know about it. So as far as he is concerned you've been in your cell all the time.”
“Well this is the craziest thing I've ever heard, and I don't trust it,” he said as they came in sight of the prison building.
“Well you better trust it because that's all we've got,” she said. “The only other problem we will have, is will your attorney keep his mouth shut? I mean, he might start blackmailing me. In which case we would have to get rid of him too.”
Gerald pulled the car up outside the giant prison gates. “Okay,” he said with a heavy sigh. “But the one thing you haven't told me yet, is who did it? Who killed your uncle? Did you? And is all this Smudge's idea? Did Philippa have anything to do with it? After all, he was in her bed!”
“We can't talk now,” Florence said. “You need to get back into your cell before they change the shift. When the shift is over my uncle’s guys will leave and the proper correctional officers will come on. So you need to be in your bed.”
Gerald looked up at the dark forbidding building. “I must be crazy to be going along with this. Can't I just go into hiding?”
“And be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life?” she said. “See according to Mr Smudge, we had my uncle exactly where we wanted him with no witnesses, and so he was an easy target.”
“In Phillipa’s bed?” Gerald said. “Jesus Florence, I didn't know you had it in you!” Gerald reluctantly opened the car door. “I'm taking a big risk here.”
“No you're not,” she said. “Phillipa’s fingerprints are all over the hammer.”
Gerald stared at her. “And how did you manage that?”
“It was a hammer from her dad’s shed,” Florence replied. “And that is all I am saying. Now if you don't get back to your cell you're going to ruin everything. You need to go now. Right now!”
Gerald was about to get out of the car when Florence suddenly leaned forward and threw her arms around him. “Trust me, I believe this is going to work.”
The fact was that Gerald didn't trust Florence at all. She was deeply complicit in a murder plot so why should he trust her? He really regarded her as an airhead who only cared about her hair, makeup and nails, not to mention her clothes. He could only assume that his attorney Smudge was one hundred percent behind this whole thing. But how long he had been involved wasn't clear. For one thing, Smudge had been recommended to him by a detective down at the precinct. And thinking about it, the policeman had seemed like a nice, regular guy. But perhaps he was in on it too. But in on what precisely, Gerald wondered? How deep did it go?
Maybe Damien Goldsby had made so many enemies that this had been one way to get rid of him. However, as always Gerald was confronted with more questions than answers. Taking a deep breath, he got out of the car and slowly walked towards the prison gates. He looked back at Florence who was climbing into the driver’s seat of the car. With a wave she started it up and quickly drove away. Gerald turned and with a tremor of nervousness stepped through the little open door back into the jail.
*  *  *
Gerald arrived in his cell without interacting with any members of staff. He gently pulled his cell door closed and then within a minute heard footsteps coming along the landing. His cell door was then closed and locked. Everything had been perfectly orchestrated. It really did appear that Damien Goldsby had a hold over the prison which Gerald found puzzling. He knew from what he had read that Goldsby had some contracts with the prison but didn't know to what extent.
But the thing that really bugged him as he slowly undressed and had got into his prison pyjamas was Florence's attitude. She had seemed far too cheerful and apparently couldn't wait to see him go back into the prison. It irked him and made him wonder whether he had  been a fool to have complied so cooperatively. 
Every bone in his body had resisted the idea of going back into jail and that his instinct was to get as far away as possible. But then Florence had been egging him on, getting him to commit a crime which was on odd crime in itself. Goldsby was apparently already dead. So what gives, Gerald wondered? And then here was Florence pushing him back into prison. Something didn't add up here. A lot of things didn’t add up.
But then as he lay in his bed staring up into the darkness, he realised that he couldn't have got very far away without money. Apparently, according to his attorney the bankbook was a fake and there was no money in it. But could Gerald necessarily believe that? It was very possible to get paranoid in these circumstances. Perhaps there was twenty-five thousand dollars sitting in the account in Gerald's name and the attorney had simply stolen it. And perhaps Florence was in on it with him. After all, she had begun to talk about Smudge as if he was her best friend. Did this mean that she already knew him from before?
In fact, as he lay there cogitating, it did seem to him that the money would be a temptation hard to resist. After all, Gerald had signed a form saying that Smudge was his legal representative. So perhaps a bank would accept that kind of documentation, and allow an attorney to withdraw funds from a client’s account. Gerald turned over and faced the cold stone wall of his cell. He would make a point of getting in touch with Smudge the very next day. He then fell asleep, and the rest of the night flew by.
Despite all his concerns. Gerald had a good night’s rest and awoke refreshed and got up and had a wash in the basin in his cell. The sun was out but there was always a lingering chill in the prison due to the type of stone it was mostly made from.
He got dressed and went down to have his breakfast and spotted Ronnie who just ignored him. After having eaten, he asked the officer on the landing if he could make a phone call. He was permitted to go through another gate into the small area where the phones were. Two inmates were already on the phones but there were three telephones available to use. Gerald got on one and phoned his attorney’s office.
Gerald got through to the receptionist and asked to speak to Smudge.
“Ah Mr Raphemore,” the receptionist said. “I'm afraid something has come up and Mr Smudge is unable to speak to you. However, we can suggest another attorney that you can talk to.”
“What do you mean, another attorney?” Gerald asked becoming alarmed.
“Well I regret to tell you that Mr Smudge is no longer able to represent you,” the receptionist said.
“I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean, why not?”
“I'm looking at your file now and it appears that you haven't paid Mr Smudge's initial consultancy fee,” she said efficiently.
Gerald blinked as he stared at some graffiti that someone had scratched onto the wall by the phone. “But Mr Smudge said I could paint his backroom instead of paying him any money.”
The receptionist laughed. “I think that Mr Smudge was just joking. Normally he would expect a forty dollar retainer which you have not paid.”
“That’s the first I’ve heard of it. But he said the fee wasn't a problem,” Gerald said.
“Well if that was the case, I was not informed of it,” the receptionist told him.
“Is it possible to talk to him at all?” Gerald asked beginning to feel agitated.
“I'm afraid not Mr Raphemore, he is not here at the present time, and I gather he will be away for at least two weeks,” she said.
Gerald was silent for a moment. “Do you happen to know if he went to a bank on my behalf?” 
“I believe he did,” she answered.
“He was meant to check if I had any funds in it,” he said.
“That's right and yes I believe there were funds in the account,” she said. “Although possibly I shouldn't have told you that.”
“There were? Was there much in it? I mean, was there much in the account?” he asked.
“I'm afraid I'm not privy to that kind of information,” she said. “When I see him I shall get him to phone you back, but it won't be for a number of days I'm afraid. However, what I can tell you is that for the moment he's no longer acting as your legal representative. And he has suggested a Mr David Cable who is an attorney at law to take over.”
“Is he a partner?” Gerald asked.
“No not at all, it's just a name Mr Smudge plucked out of the Yellow Pages,” she replied.
It was then that Gerald realised he was being suckered. Smudge had obviously drawn out all the money from the account and had gone off somewhere. But surely to do that would be risking his licence to practise law. He could be disbarred.
“Look, I would really appreciate it if you could get Mr Smudge to call me as soon as he can, please,” Gerald said as a sinking feeling took hold of him.
“I will tell him you called and will ask him to phone you as soon as he can,” the receptionist replied.
“Thank you,” Gerald said unable to think of anything else to say. He then hung up and decided to phone Florence to find out what was going on with Smudge. He managed to get through to her immediately and once again she was sounding quite happy with her life.
“Gerald, baby, how are you?” she actually sounded drunk.
“Florence, you sound weird, what's going on?” Gerald said. “I've just tried to get hold of Smudge, but it seems that he's dumped me. He doesn't want to represent me anymore.”
“Really?” Florence answered not sounding particularly concerned.
“And I think he might have stolen my money that your uncle gave me,” Gerald said. A tightness was building in his chest.
“Oh don't be silly darling of course he hasn't,” Florence said. She then giggled.
“Florence, this isn't funny!” he said starting to feel quite angry.
“Sorry baby I've got somebody here,” she replied.
“Who?”
“Oh just one of Lauren’s friends,” Florence said.
“Well can you try and get hold of Smudge so I can find out what the hell is happening?” Gerald asked. “You don’t just dump a client like that.”
“Of course not darling, but I think you're worrying unnecessarily,” Florence said. “There must be a misunderstanding of some sort.”
“Maybe. But he's a lawyer isn't he?” Gerald said. “And lawyers could get disbarred for doing shady stuff.”
There was a pause at Florence's end. “But I don't think there was anything in your account anyway. I think Smudge said that they confiscated the bankbook.”
“Not according to his secretary or receptionist whatever she is,” Gerald said.
“Okay, I’ll try and speak to Smudge and find out what’s going on,” she said. “Anyway Gerald, I've got to go now.”
“Go where?” 
“I am supposed to be doing lunch with Lauren and Bruce,” she said.
“God and never mind me!” he said. “I'm here in jail and it sounds like you're having a great time!”
“Don’t be silly! I'll phone you tomorrow,” Florence said not responding to his point. “Although it’s probably better if you phone me.”
“Jesus, okay but will you try and get Smudge to contact me please? Florence? Urgently!”
But Florence had already hung up and Gerald slowly put the phone back on the hook and then drifted back to his cell. A little voice inside him was starting to tell him that all was not how it seemed.

Chapter Nineteen
The next few days slowly passed by. The only event that happened was when Ronnie grabbed Gerald's crutch when they were lining up at the servery. There was no one to protect him and so he pulled away and walked to the back of the queue.
Over the next few days, neither Florence nor his attorney contacted him, but he did receive a letter from his parents. He was hoping that they wouldn't find out about the situation but somehow they did. Their letter reflected how appalled they were. His father, who was usually broadminded about things, took quite a hard line. As he put it, it was Gerald’s hole and he was standing in it, suggesting that he wasn’t going to visit his son anytime soon. Even though the words in the letter were his father’s, he recognised his mother’s handwriting. His dad must have dictated it to her. Gerald screwed up the letter and threw it into the bin.
A week passed before Gerald began to realise that all the promises and assurances that had been made to him might come to nothing. And Florence was being neglectful in the extreme. Gerald then had the idea that he should contact the new attorney. But he hadn't taken down the man's particulars and so he decided the phone Smudge’s office again. He might have returned from wherever he had gone.
Getting permission to make a phone call, Gerald phoned his attorney’s office, and the phone was apparently picked up by the cleaner. The woman had a strong Spanish accent, and it was hard to understand what she was saying.
“Is it possible to speak to Mr Smudge please, the attorney,” Gerald asked. “I'm one of his clients.”
In the broadest possible Spanish accent the cleaner said, “Everyone on vacation. Nobody here.”
“Then can I speak to the receptionist, please?” Gerald almost begged.
“Sorry office closed, no one is here, sorry!” the phone was then  abruptly put down.
Gerald sighed with extreme exasperation and then decided to give Florence a call. But typically the phone rang and rang and there was no answer. The only thing he could do as his last resort was phone his parents despite their unfriendly letter.
He phoned home and his mother answered and appeared to be shocked that it was him at the other end. “Gerald dear what on God’s dear earth is going on with you?” she said. “Your father couldn't be more ashamed. I think he's going to cut you out of the Will!”
Gerald couldn't help but laugh at this. “I didn't know poor people made Wills!”
His mother’s tone softened slightly. “I don't know what you're supposed to have done but I know you have an attorney, don’t you? He contacted us.”
“Well I did have an attorney,” Gerald said. “But I think he ran off with some of my money!”
“What money?”
“I had a bankbook with some money in it which he was checking out for me but now he's not taking my calls,” he said. “So I'm pretty sure he ran off with it and I’m desperate at the moment mom.”
There was a pause at his mother’s end. “Would you like me to speak to Mr Hatfield for you, your dad’s old attorney friend? He’s retired and just does pro bono work for the sake of something to do.”
“Oh, okay,” Gerald replied. “I would appreciate it if he could contact me.”
“I'll see what I can do dear,” his mother said. “Although I'm not sure if he does criminal work.”
“I would appreciate any help at the moment,” Gerald said. “Even my girlfriend Florence seems to be avoiding me.”
“Well if she really loves you she will come round,” his mother said. “I was half expecting you to contact me and tell me that you were married.”
“We were supposed to be, but I don't know what's happening at all,” he said. “I don't suppose you could phone her for me and try and find out what's going on?”
“I don't think it's my place to do that,” his mother said. “I think this is just between you and her. But I will certainly get onto Mr Hatfield, and I'll give him your particulars at the prison. I believe I've got your prison number.”
“Who gave you that, I certainly didn't?” Gerald said puzzled.
“Your attorney did.”
“Oh,” Gerald said. “Well at least he did that.”
“Yes,” his mother said. “So are you alright for stuff? Is there anything I can send you?”
“Maybe some chocolate?” Gerald said.
“Ok dear,” his mother replied sounding like her old self. “Well don't be a stranger! And try not to worry, I’m sure you’ll be alright.”
“Okay,” Gerald said with a sigh. “Just don't tell dad that I phoned.”
“I can't not do that,” his mother said. “He’s sitting right here!”
Gerald didn't particularly want to speak to his father and so was glad when they ended the call. Desperate to make some headway he tried phoning Florence again but there was no answer.
He drifted back to his cell feeling that time had stopped for him and that he just had to submit to the slow grinding routine of prison life. It amounted to shuffling from one miserable venue to another, from his cell to the shower and then the lunchroom and then back again. He had been offered the chance to do some work to earn a little bit of pocket money. But he wasn't planning to stay.
There were a couple of other prisoners with whom he was on nodding terms. But they appeared to be a bunch of no-hopers who were perhaps grateful to be imprisoned instead of homeless on the streets. Conversations with them always scraped the barrel of decency but he did accept the offer of a couple of cigarettes. It was just a question of waiting to see what they wanted in return.
The days slowly passed and then he received a surprise parcel from his attorney. It was basically a package of case notes but there was no covering letter. Hatfield hadn't yet contacted him either, but he knew his mother would keep her promise and speak with him. There were absolutely no communications from Florence or anyone else. He would definitely appreciate a visit of some sort.
The next morning he did actually receive a letter from Hatfield which was brief and said he would call him at some point. Gerald read the note twice but didn't really take much comfort from it. He had a vague recollection of who Mr Hatfield was and it was the attorney who lived in the same small town where his parents were. Hatfield once did the paperwork over a boundary dispute that his father had with one of his neighbours. Certainly he was no criminal lawyer. But it would be free a consultation so that was something.
What was frustrating was that Gerald didn't know where he now stood in terms of the charges that had been made against him. Also, he was quite certain the Damien Goldsby’s body would have been found by now. But he hadn't heard of any news reports concerning the matter. And so perhaps the body had been moved and hidden. Gerald didn't want to ask about the matter because that might implicate him. 
There was a small library on his landing but there had been nothing in the papers regarding Goldsby’s death. It was very strange. His frustrations were starting to build up and he felt like he was going to explode at any moment.
*  *  *
The next twenty hours were particularly painful for him. No one was making any contact with him and the routine in the prison just continued as it always did. A couple of times Ronnie came by and looked in on him in his cell, but passed on. Gerald swore to himself that if the man dared put one foot inside the door he would punch him. Ronnie didn't look that tough, he just had a big mouth.
Gerald found himself fuming at the tiniest provocations. He had only been in the prison for a short time, but it was starting to get to him. He noticed that some of the old timers in the jail seemed completely resigned to their empty life. Especially the ones that had no prospect of getting out anytime soon. Gerald was determined that he would not become one of them. He knew a man in the prison who sold tablets and he would get some if he had to and end it all. But he was nowhere near close to doing that yet.
And then, out of the blue there was some news about Damien Goldsby. It was featured as the main headline on the front page of the local newspaper. The paper was on the table in the library and was well thumbed. Gerald picked it up and read it eagerly. The headlines screamed:
LOCAL CORPORATE CHIEF DAMIEN GOLDSBY MURDERED BY YOUNG LOVER
Gerald picked up the newspaper terrified that his name was going to be mentioned in the article. He scanned it quickly and noticed to his immense relief that there was no mention of him. But curiously Goldsby’s body had been found in his mansion bedroom, whereas the last time Gerald had seen him was at Phillipa’s house. So the body had been moved but by whom was a mystery.
And there was no doubt whom Goldsby’s young lover was – twenty-one year old Philippa Wodden. According to the article, in a fit of lover’s passion she had attacked him with a hammer. The housekeeper had given a full account of the day leading up to the evening of the murder.
Gerald shook his head. The whole thing was a crock of nonsense. But mercifully Gerald was not implicated in the slightest or mentioned at all. After reading the article four times Gerald began to feel that he was now off the hook. Although he had not been informed officially that he was no longer a suspect, the newspaper article supported his innocence. Surely it now meant that he would soon be released from prison.
Such was his elation that he decided to try and get an audience with the governor of the prison, Mr Sean Gorman. Gerald now felt that he had good reason to see him. All prisoners we're entitled to receive information about their cases although, so far, none had been forthcoming for him.
Gerald wandered out onto the landing looking for one of the correctional officers and found two in deep conversation. They gave him curious looks as he approached them.
“What's up Raphemore?” the bigger one of the two asked.
“How do you get to see the governor around here?” Gerald asked.
The two men chortled. “You don't. You only get to see Gorman when he asks to see you!”
“But I need to ask him something. Can I write to him?”
“Sure you can write to him,’ the shorter man said. “Just fill in one of the forms on the table, its form D157, and it will be passed to him.”
The other man suddenly frowned. “Hey, wait a minute Raphemore, I think you have a visit booked for this afternoon? But not with the governor.”
Gerald looked up. “Really? Nobody told me about it. Who is it?”
“I have no idea,” the officer said. “You'll have to wait and see!”
This news greatly improved Gerald's mood. It surely had to do with the news about Goldsby’s murder. He wondered if it was Smudge coming to get him officially released from prison. Florence's plan or whoever plan it was had worked. Goldsby’s murder had supposedly taken place whilst Gerald was in prison and so surely he couldn't be blamed for it. This meant he was now a free man. By the time Gerald had got back to his cell he felt jubilant.
Usually visits in the afternoon took place after two o'clock and so he had a couple of hours to wait. So he decided to tidy up his cell for the sake of something to do and then get ready for his imminent release. He spruced himself up and then lay on his bed. The next event in the prison day was lunch and then after that any scheduled visits.
As Gerald lay on his bed looking up at the white ceiling he began to consider the practicalities of being released. Where would he go and stay? Would Florence put him up? And then there was the question of school. Would the Dean welcome him back with open arms now that his innocence would have been proven. He didn't know much about prison protocol, but he knew everything was subject to red tape and paperwork. However, he was sure the nightmare would all be over very soon.
*  *  *
Gerald just picked over his lunch. He was too excited to eat, and he even shared a joke with another inmate who was sitting near him in the lunchroom. After lunch he went back to his cell and checked his appearance in the mirror above the sink.  He pushed his hair back which had lately become quite unkempt. He had to literally comb his hair with his fingers as he did not possess a comb. He then went and sat on his bed and waited to be called for the visit.
Once again time dragged, but at just after two o’clock an officer came and collected him to take him down to the visitor’s suite. When he arrived he saw that there were quite a few prisoners in deep conversation with relatives at a number of scattered tables in the room. He was taken to a table which had four chairs. He waited with great suspense to see he was going to come and visit him.
After waiting about five minutes, he then saw Florence and another man enter the suite through a side door. An officer on duty pointed to Gerald’s table, and Florence and her companion approached him.
Gerald watched them knowing that he wouldn't be able to hug or touch her. He was understandably curious to know who her companion was and wondered if he was an attorney. But he couldn't have been because he didn't have any paperwork or a briefcase with him.
Without smiling or showing any warmth Florence said, “Gerald, I'd like you to meet Todd Houseman!”
Houseman nodded curtly. Gerald was surprised to hear this name and extended his hand, but the man didn't shake it. He and Florence then took a seat opposite Gerald who was staring at Houseman wonderingly.
“So they found your uncle,” Gerald said.
“They sure did,” Florence said.
“So they'll be letting me out now,” Gerald stated with an attempt at a smile, but Florence did not reciprocate.
Florence shrugged. “I don't think so.”
Gerald frowned. “What do you mean, you don't think so? I read the paper today. My name wasn't mentioned, so now I'm off the hook. Did you get to speak to Smudge?”
Florence stared him and then shook her head. “It's also sad. I didn't realise how much you hated me.” 
“What are you talking about?” Gerald immediately realised that something was different. Majorly different. She didn't look pregnant anymore. “Your stomach, it looks so flat.”
“I wondered when you were going to notice that,” Florence said. “But see, when Todd and I get married in the fall we've decided that we're going to start a family straight away. And then maybe another kid at some point the following year. Todd is such a family man.”
Tod nodded. “I surely am.”
Gerald's face showed a range of emotions but principally one of shock and consternation. “What? You and Todd? Getting married? But...”
It was then that Todd spoke, sounding like a typical jock. “I think you need to put the poor jerk out of his misery, honey. I kind of feel sorry for him.”
Gerald stared at Florence, his face flushed. “Florence talk to me. What's going on?”
“Well answer my question first,” she said. “Just tell me why? Why did you want to kill me? I thought you and I had something special. But thank God I had Todd to help me get over this.”
“Now wait a minute!” Gerald blurted out. “Now wait just there! What are you talking about? Are you saying what I think you're saying? That I was planning to kill you? Now that is pure crazy talk. Where did you get this from, Philippa?”
Florence stared at him without speaking for a moment. She leaned heavily on the table as if she really didn't want to talk about this subject. “I knew you would deny it. So there's no point in discussing it. But I know it's true. I know that you tried to get some arsenic from the druggist and then you stole it from school. You were followed.”
“Followed by who?” Gerald demanded.
Todd exchanged glances with Florence. “Her uncle arranged to keep a watch on you.”
“On me?” Gerald repeated. “Now why the hell would he want to do that?”
“Because he knew you and I were planning to get married,” Florence said. “And I am the main heir to the Goldsby fortune and so he didn't want me to get hitched to some loser. So he did a thorough background check on you. And you came up wanting.”
Gerald was shaking his head. “Florence, I'm sure he did a background check. I guess for multi-millionaires that's the logical thing to do. To check out new people that are coming into the family. And actually I knew I was under surveillance. But as for the idea of killing you that's just crazy talk. I mean it makes no sense. I love you Florence and I want to be with you, and this is all so wrong.”
“And I really wanted to be with you,” she said wistfully.
“But I don't get it,” Gerald said. “What happened to the baby? Did you get rid of it?”
“There never was one,” she said. “It was all part of a test to see how you would behave. I was against it, but my uncle was trying to convince me that you were just after my fortune. So it didn't make sense to me that you wanted to kill me.”
Gerald slapped the table. “And you are so right, it doesn't make sense.”
A correctional officer standing by the wall looked over for a moment and then looked away.
“And then you made out with Philippa,” Florence said sadly. “You were two timing me which hurts me the most.”
“I did not make out with her! That is so not true! Okay, sure Philippa came round to my boarding house, but we just talked, she was worried about you!”
Florence shook her head. “I’m sure she was, and then you and she talked about how you wanted to kill me, strangle me! She told my uncle everything. And then she found the arsenic in your room and brought some back. My uncle had it tested, and it all pointed the finger at you as someone who was a danger to me. But why would you want to kill me? We could have lived a great life of luxury and my uncle really did think that you could go far. So something must have spooked you out! It was the possibility of my having the baby, wasn’t it? You wanted so bad for me to abort it, but I wasn’t taking the tablets you gave me. Sorry. But that told me straight away that you weren’t really the one for me.”
“Florence, Florence you have got this so wrong,” Gerald said staring her hard in the eyes. “Yes I had some arsenic because we had a bad mouse problem in the boarding house.”
Todd chortled at this. “Jesus man you are so full of it.”
Florence gave Todd a dirty look. “Todd this is not funny...”
“I wasn't laughing, but the guy is such a bad liar,” Todd said folding his arms.
“Excuse me,” Gerald responded. “But what I'm telling you is true.”
“Then why did you poison the cat?” Florence asked. “Cats and mice don't go together.”
“I did not poison the cat, ” Gerald said firmly. “You have to believe me. But anyway you can't believe Philippa, she's seeing a shrink. She’s totally crazy!”
“No,” Florence said. “Her problem was that she always blurted out the truth. It was part of her condition. She was not capable of lying.”
Gerald smiled but without humour. “Sounds like you're just twisting this to suit yourself.”
“Am I?” Florence said with a sigh. “I have seen the evidence. The private detective that my uncle hired, followed you around for the best part of a month. He also got into your room at the boarding house and his view is that you may be smart, but you're a psychopath.”
“If anyone is a psychopath, you are!” Gerald said unable to contain himself any longer. “I mean, pretending to be pregnant! Who does that? And what did you do? Stick a cushion up your shirt?”
Florence shrugged. “It was all part of the test.”
“Test?”
Florence suddenly extended her hand  and covered Gerald's. “Oh Gerald we have lost so much. And we had so much to look forward to.”
“Well, I'm a free man now,” Gerald said leaning back in his chair. “And I don't even know if it really was your uncle who visited me in my cell. Was that really your uncle? The picture of him in the newspapers didn't look like the man I saw at all.”
Todd frowned. “You may as well tell him everything, hun.”
“Some things you can't tell,” Florence said. “But for one thing Gerald, I can tell you, you are not a free man. I think probably you'll be in here for quite a long while.”
Gerald sat up in his chair. “What the hell you talking about now? Of course I'm a free man. All the accusations that your uncle made about me can be seen to be untrue. It’s all in the papers. And there is no mention of me.”
“That is true,” Florence said. “But then see my uncle owned this prison. It’s part of his corporation.  It's a private prison. And now that ownership has been passed on to me and some trustees. And I've decided that you need to be punished for wanting to hurt me.”
Gerald was speechless for a moment, and he looked from Todd to Florence. “You're just bluffing now! And even if you wanted to punish me for wanting to kill you, which isn't true, I would have to be officially charged. Even if you did own this prison, which I don't believe, there would have to be due process. And the first thing I'm going to do is tell everyone about your involvement in your uncle’s death. The newspapers would love a story like that!”
“I'm sure they would, if they got to hear about it,” Florence said. “But see, we can arrange for you to get lost in the system. We can just have you transferred out to another prison under a different name and under different charges and convictions. And it didn't matter what you said, nobody would believe you.”
“That’s garbage! This is America, not some third world country!” Gerald retorted. “You can't just deliberately lose someone in the system. Besides I could start writing letters and phoning around and tell everyone about what you've done.”
Todd tapped the table with his forefinger. “You can write as many letters as you like but it's up to the prison as to whether they’re sent. And if the governor is instructed not to have them sent, they won't be. And then when you're transferred no one will know where you are because the governor will arrange to have your records destroyed.”
“Yeah sure!” Gerald said clenching his fists. “You're just bluffing now. And Florence, I think you just fell out of love with me and decided to get rid of me. But you'll find that it won't be that easy. Because I will make it my mission to tell them all about you and your crazy uncle!”
At these words Florence smirked. “Oh boohoo! Gerald, I don't think you get it yet. The newspaper you thought you read was made by a printer friend of ours. It's a one-off and the only fake paper running that story about my uncle. But it’s all pure bullshit! We just replaced the first page with one of our own.”
At these words both Todd and Florence laughed heartily. Gerald stared at them. “I don't believe you!”
“I don't think we give a damn what you believe,” Todd said somewhat harshly leaning forward.
Gerald smiled grimly. “You seem to be forgetting that you’re the one who organised your uncle’s murder. You told me that Phillipa’s fingerprints would be all over the hammer that I used. But I was wearing gloves and so none of my fingerprints will be on it. This is something you and your boyfriend here have cooked up and will pay for. I will make sure of it! I don't think it would take much to blow this wide open.”
Florence and Todd looked at each other.
Todd scratched his chin. “The fact that you were wearing gloves is a guarantee that your fingerprints will be all over the hammer handle!”
Gerald frowned. “That doesn't make any sense, how can that be?”
“The inside of the gloves were coated with a special aluminium film. And it took precise impressions of not only your fingers but the palm of your hands as well,” Todd said. “And I got a guy, a chemist to transfer these impressions onto the handle of the hammer.”
“Oh come on, do I look that stupid. Give me a break!” Gerald said shaking his head.
Todd shook his head in turn. “Sorry buddy boy but you’re screwed!”
 “Where is the hammer now?” Gerald said beginning to feel a  twinge of worry. “So if what you said is true, and I don’t believe it for a moment, are you going to give the hammer police?”
Florence stared at him. “No, we're going to keep it to guarantee your silence. If you say one word about anything then we’ll send the hammer to the FBI. It will prove your guilt without doubt.”
Gerald sat back in his chair. “So what are you saying? That you're gonna just keep me in jail? How long for?”
“It depends if you're a good boy,” Florence said. “See, we may have other uses for you. Then again maybe not.”
“Now what the hell does that mean?” Gerald asked.
“It means that you'll have to do what you're told,” Todd said. “We may need you to deal with Smudge. We think he knows too much.”
Gerald shook his head. “Well I've got news for you, whatever it is, I'm not going to do it.”
Florence looked thoughtful. “Okay so here's a deal for you. I'll go easier on you if you admit that you were planning to kill me.”
“Well that's just a story made up by Philippa,” Gerald said. “Anyhow, what's happening to her now?”
“We have plans for her too,” Florence said. “We haven't decided what yet. As we've told you, the newspaper story is fake, and she is not wanted for murder. But she too might have her uses.”
Gerald just sat there looking at them not knowing what to believe. It seemed to him that it was just one story after another, and he was being the sucker all along. “To be honest I think this is all bullshit. You’re just playing with me. Making fun of me in prison. Well I'm gonna try and see the governor and report what's going on.”
“The governor now works for me,” Florence said. “And he has already placed you in a special category. But I will cut you a break if you admit that you were planning to kill me.” 
Gerald didn’t know how to respond to this. “Okay, I’ll bite, what kind of a break?”
“Maybe we will let you out after all,” Florence said.
“Yeah? Well I find it hard to believe that the governor actually works for you,” Gerald said.
Florence folded her arms. “As I'm sure you know my uncle Damian had his fingers in a number of pies. And he had a couple of contracts with the Department of Corrections. And about five years ago he took over this prison. Now that he has gone the responsibility has all been passed to me. Of course I personally don't run things, but my uncle had a team of people who do all that – manage the jail. And they will do anything I ask, anything I tell them. But if you just admit that you wanted to kill me then I'll go soft on you. I just want the truth. Then I will let you go free on certain conditions. One is that you'll have to give me a signed confession admitting that you murdered my uncle.”
Gerald snorted. “You call that cutting me a break?”
“It's the best I can offer you unless you want to spend the next few years locked up in jail,” Florence said.
“I don't think he's gonna go for it,” Todd said. “Let's get out of this place, it stinks anyhow!”
Florence nodded. “I think you're right. Let's go.” They stood up at the table.
Gerald held up his hand. “Wait a minute. So if I admit that I was planning to kill you, you will just let me go. Just like that?”
“That's the offer on the table,” Todd said looking down at him. “Take it or leave it.”
Gerald sighed heavily. “Ok, I admit it.”
Florence stared at him. “I'm sorry I didn't get that.”
Gerald breathed in deeply. he dropped his voice. “Yes, I admit it. I was planning to kill you. But I didn't go through with it, did I?” 
“That's all I wanted to know Gerald,” Florence said taking Todd's arm. “Let's go baby!” and the two of them walked away.
“Where are you going?” Gerald asked perturbed.
Florence just briefly glanced at him, and they headed for the exit.
“So when you gonna let me out then?” Gerald called. “Florence?”
“Bye bye Gerald, have a nice life,” Todd said over his shoulder, and they continued walking to the exit.
Gerald knew but he wouldn't be allowed to follow them. “Florence are you gonna answer me?” he called.
At this point one of the officers came over to him. “You got a problem Raphemore?”
“No, I just want my girlfriend to answer a question,” Gerald said weakly.
The officer shrugged. “I guess you better wait until you see them again.”
Gerald watched helplessly as Florence and Todd left the visitor’s area through the metal barred gate. It was then that Gerald realised he had just made a major mistake by admitting that he had been planning her death. It was the one thing that nobody really knew for sure, but now he had confirmed it. He gripped the table feeling overwhelmed by frustration and fear.
He was feeling like a prize fool. It proved he really was a loser and had totally misread the situation. His admission sealed his fate. But what Florence and Todd told him seemed to be too fantastical to be true. It made him determined to contact the governor of the prison.
As soon as he was taken back to his cell, he grabbed one of the forms on the table on the landing to fill out. He spent the rest of the day putting together what he thought was a cogent complaint.
After supper that evening he found himself feeling a little unwell, nauseous. Fish had been served that evening and it appeared to him to be a little bit off. But inmates in prison could not afford to be fussy. 
He ate it and covered it with a load of salt to camouflage the flavour. When he finally went to bed, he wasn’t feeling much better but dozed off and slept quite soundly.

Chapter Twenty
Gerald had quite a good night although his dreams were strange, and he had a sensation of movement. He awoke at seven o'clock in the morning with a terrible headache and was disorientated to find himself in a different cell. He noted that his belongings were piled up on the small table which was in this new cell. Somehow he had been moved in the middle of the night, but he hadn’t been aware of a thing. He must have been drugged, it was the fish, and accounted for its funny taste.
He staggered out of bed and went to the barred window and found himself overlooking a small courtyard. He leaned against the wall to support himself. It appeared that he had been moved to a new prison complex. He went and checked the cell door and found that it was firmly locked, but noises of the prison waking up echoed outside.
He went and sat back on the bed, cradled his aching head and tried to figure out what had happened. Could it really be that what Florence and Todd had told him was completely true? As he sat there analysing the situation the cell door was suddenly unlocked and a black man put his head round the door.
“Collins? They are already serving breakfast, so you better get down there!” 
“My name isn't Collins it's Raphemore,” Gerald said. “Where am I?”
The officer gave him a hard look. “You're in Trenton Prison. You were transferred in last night, don't you remember?”
Gerald shook his head. “No, I don't damn well remember a thing! I’ve been drugged and my name is Gerald Raphemore, not Collins.”
The officer looked at his board. “That's not what it says here. You're down as Gerald Collins age 27. You have a conviction for burglary and assault with intent.”
Gerald got to his feet and approached the man. “No that's not right. I'm twenty-one and I haven't been convicted of anything yet. But they didn't give me bail.”
“Well that's not my fault,” the officer said with a frown. “But they will be closing the breakfast servery in fifteen minutes, so I would move it if I were you.”
“But you don't seem to understand, you've got the wrong man here,” Gerald told him.
“You are not going to be one of those troublemakers are you?” the officer said. “Because we've got ways of dealing with guys like you.”
“No, please listen, you don't understand,” Gerald replied. “I'm not supposed to be here. And you've got my name wrong. Can you check it out for me, please?”
The officer frowned. “You better not be messing with me.” He then abruptly walked off.
Gerald slowly got dressed and then almost timidly ventured out onto the landing. He noticed that food was being served on a counter on the wing itself downstairs. He joined the long queue and grabbed a plate and had the egg on toast and a coffee. He took his tray back to his cell and sat at the little table eating. 
As he ate he felt a growing sensation in his gut that all was seriously not well. Florence and Todd had talked about getting lost in the system. And now somehow he had been transferred to another prison in his sleep. 
The only way this could be done without his knowledge was if he had been heavily sedated. It must have definitely been the fish. It had been marked out for his consumption and obviously had been laced with something. It must have been some sort of sleeping drug because he had gone out like a light.
His head was still pounding but the food seemed to take the edge off the pain a little bit. While he was eating, the black officer came back to his cell.
“I just checked with the supervisor, and everything is as it should be,” the officer said. “You're registered here as Gerald Collins, age 27 and you were given a fifteen year sentence some of which you will serve here. But at some point it's likely you will be transferred out.”
Gerald’s face blanched. “Fifteen years! But I'm telling you there's been some serious mistake! My name is Gerald Raphemore God damn it!”
The black officer shook his head. “Listen to me Collins, if you continue like this they'll put you in isolation. So my advice to you is keep your head down and don’t give us no shit!” The man then left the cell.
So it had happened. He had been transferred to another prison and his real identity had been taken away. Surely things like this didn't happen in America. But he couldn't just sit there and take it. He needed to speak to the governor whoever that might be right away. 
Then again, all he had to do was contact his parents and they would clear everything up. Surely the moment his mother made contact with the prison they would know that a big mistake had been made. That seemed to be the only thing he could do, providing of course the prison allowed him to phone or send letters.
After he had his breakfast he went out onto the landing again to see if he could find any forms.  But there were none. When he approached one of the officers about them he was told that he was in a special unit which only allowed restricted outside communication.
“Your that new guy Collins aren't you?” the officer said. “You've already got an official reprimand for claiming you're someone else. Keep this up and you'll be in isolation before you know it.”
“Can I contact the governor, please?” Gerald asked beginning to panic.
“Not for the first thirty days,” the officer said. “If you've got a grievance then you'll just have to sit on it.”
“But this is all so wrong,” Gerald exclaimed. “Can I send some letters home or maybe phone my parents?”
“You've gotta wait for two weeks if you're new to the prison,” the officer replied.
“But I need to contact my parents and let them know where I am,” Gerald said pleadingly.
The officer approached him and glared at him. “Keep this up boy, and you'll be getting reprimand number two. So just go back to your cell and behave yourself and be patient!”
Gerald stared at him knowing that he had no choice but to obey the officer.
He wandered back to the cell and sat on his bed, his mind in a turmoil. It seemed that Florence had actually done it, she had lost him in the system. He was no longer Gerald Raphemore but this other guy.
 What he had feared had come upon him. A little while back he had been concerned that a marriage to Florence would compromise his freedoms. Especially with a baby on the way. It was the thought of having a child with her which had ruined everything. His gut instinct had told him that the Goldsbys, particularly Damien, would have used and abused him. Certainly there might have been financial advantages, but he would have lost his basic independence. It had felt suffocating.
But something even worse had happened. He had been completely suckered in and processed like a supermarket chicken.  He had now been totally stripped of his true identity. It was an even worse situation than what he had been contemplating.  
But as he sat looking out the window at the sun as it hovered over the prison, he knew that he had lost something even more precious. His inalienable right to live as a free man, unmolested and with dignity. This situation couldn’t last forever. No, no, no! 
Florence had avenged herself for the moment and he was now little more than a puppet in her hands. But Gerald swore to himself that if he ever got out of this mess he would kill her for sure, and that bastard Todd. He would make them pay for what they were trying to do to him. Of that, he was determined.
 His original instincts to want to kill her before were spot on. It was just a great pity that he had not carried them out. But he was still young and there was still plenty of time. He would find a way, somehow, to make her regret that she had ever met him. Surely, if he just spoke to the Governor the terrible mistake would be realised, and he would be released  straight away. Wouldn’t he? Or wouldn’t he?

The End


About the author

Herbert Howard Jones


Herbert Howard Jones is the author of several novels and was born in the UK. He is widely travelled and lived for much of his life in London. His interests include art, music and animals. More about him can be found via this link:

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HHjones

