


Triangle Surfer


Phil Wohl
	
Alex Winters gazed at the North Atlantic surf on a beautiful spring day and drifted back to iterations of his love life that flowed through his mind.
Megan & SallIE
“Why would you want to go out with her? I don’t think she even knows who you are?” a desperate Sallie Owens said to her best friend, who also happened to be her high school crush.    
At 16, Sallie wasn’t fully sure how physical relationships worked, but she sure wanted to kiss this boy.  But it was unfortunate timing that the boy she wanted to kiss had his sights set on locking lips with Megan Alford.
Megan knew who Alex was and the two had locked eyes, sealing their fate as kindred spirits for all eternity.  At least, that was what Alex was thinking when Sallie kill his buzz.  He had decisive thoughts about the depths of romantic gestures and feelings, and he was – even at a young age – a hopeless romantic.
“I think you know when you know,” he said to Sallie, who was in complete agreement.
She lost her place for a moment by inciting him to make a bold first move.
“Then go for it!” she exclaimed, which gave him the boost he needed to get out there. It was a risky move for her that backfired, and essentially meant that she would have to wait another year for her turn with Alex.
The next day, Alex was hanging around the gym after school and waiting for the main court to clear at 3:00 p.m., when Megan walked by in full uniform with a couple of her field hockey friends.  Her two teammates walked ahead after she told them she would catch up in a minute.
“You coming to the game?” she asked as she turned toward Alex and flashed her bright blue/green eyes.
“Game?” he thought. “What game?”
But, then he tapped into his advanced teenage brain and figured that it wasn’t about the field hockey game.  It was about the completely absorbing social game.
“Hey! What time does it start?” he asked as if they had talked several times, when in fact this was their maiden voyage.
“3:30,” she replied in a direct tone, which was all she had right before a game.
Alex thought about asking another question that would reference their opponent, but it really didn’t matter.  Thirty minutes of full-court basketball would have to suffice on this day.
He smiled, “Yeah, I’ll be there.”
She smiled back, “Okay, see you there,” and then she ran down the hallway and disappeared before he could wish her luck. Not that she needed it on this or any other afternoon.
True motivation, which proves elusive on a daily basis, was flowing abundantly on this afternoon.  Alex usually played basketball for an hour in the days and weeks leading up to the season, but he realized how little that mattered in comparison to what he was about to do.
“Game!” he yelled after sinking a long shot to end the 15-point game. He looked at the huge oval clock on the wall and saw 3:15 p.m.
“Next!” he exclaimed like a barber trying to squeeze as many appointments as possible into a working day. The next group of five players came on to face certain annihilation.
Thirteen minutes later, Alex had scored 12 of the 15 points and was free to go where he needed to be.
Since the winning team remained on the court for the next challengers, Alex turned to a guy and said, “Jimmy, take my place,” and then he thought, “Yeah, likes that’s possible.” He quickly changed his wet t-shirt and slipped on a gray hooded sweatshirt and a blue New York Mets baseball hat.  
It was a warm day for October, so no extra clothing was needed for the time being.  But Alex had a pair of sweatpants that he would slip on at halftime of the game as the weather turned a bit cooler.
The field was about 200 yards from the back door of the gym, so Alex ran the first 100 yards and then slowed the pace down as he approached the field.  Not that speed was really his ally to start with.  He walked over to a spot where a handful of students and parents had gathered to watch the game.
Megan looked over at Alex and smiled, and a few of her teammates giggled because they must have known even before he did.  Girls usually know before boys.  They ran onto the field and too their positions as the game within the game began.
Alex watched as Megan dominated the entire field from her goal to the opponent’s goal.  She never stopped running, scored both goals in the game and destroyed any hope the other team had to score.
The primary thing that Alex and Megan had in common, besides liking each other, was that they both loved to show off.  But they were all business from the time the game started until the final buzzer, or horn in her case.  She did not look over at Alex from the time the first whistle blew until the last.  And then the game ended, she emerged from her competitive trance, and it was back on.  She had seen Alex play and now he had seen her in action, which only strengthened their bond as the school’s preeminent female and male athletes.
Alex walked into the gym behind the jubilant field hockey team, the other girls and the female coach turning to the right toward the girl’s locker room and the two heat-seeking missiles veering toward the left.  She backed him into a private alcove and he sat on a table in order to compensate for their one-foot height differential.  No words were exchanged.  The language they spoke was universal and rudimentary in nature.  Alex focused on Megan’s lips and she focused on his as they met in the absolute middle in perfect harmony.
He had kissed two girls prior to the encounter with Megan.  She had kissed three guys.  But it might as well been the first time for each of them, since the former encounters amounted to amateurish attempts.  For two teens with limited experience on how to do it right, they were kissing like they were made for each other.  And the world around them melted away.  Any persistent problems at home or at school ceased to exist.  The world was perfectly in balance.  
Twenty minutes went buy like they had just left the field.
“I gotta’ go home,” she said without panic in her voice.
“You were awesome today,” he said as they conversed in close range.
   She smiled, “So were you.”
“I’ll walk you half-way,” he said as they left the gym via the back set of doors after Megan slipped on her hooded sweatshirt.
Her house was closer to the high school than his, but he didn’t give two shits because the cloud he was floating on could drift for a few miles.
They held hands and walked 15 minutes together, which was more than half-way to her house, which was now only a few blocks away.  Since he had another 20 minutes to walk and she had to turn left, they physically parted ways, without mental or emotional separation.
The sun was still 30 minutes from setting.  They turned toward each other and gazed deeply in each other’s drunk eyes.  Love had found its intended targets before the first kiss, but that only served to deepen their bond.  Five minutes later, Alex and Megan returned in their private spaceship to the real world.  A world that they could mostly do without.
“I could kiss you forever,” Alex said and did just that.
“I would like that,” she replied as they continued to kiss and hold hands.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” she kissed him one last time and the took a few steps away before coming back for another kiss.
“Not if I see you first,” he said as their bodies finally decoupled but their lips remained entwined for all of eternity.
They found each other the next day before homeroom, the class where a teacher would take attendance before school began.  Lips met before words were uttered.  The pain of the physical separation had been too great over the past 12 hours.  It didn’t matter who was around and what they would say.  
In fact, there were a lot of people around and who were mostly speechless.  One person in the throng who stopped dead in her tracks was Sallie Owens, who thought she had contained his desire the previous day.  She had known Megan since the fifth grade and didn’t think she would go through with either.  At least, not that fast.
Sallie rubbed her eyes to make sure wasn’t still in bed and having one of those bad dreams that wouldn’t end.  But, when she realized that her worst dreams had come true, she simply tucked her books under her arm and walked past them to homeroom.  Luckily for all of them, the rooms were organized alphabetically, so she could avoid both of them for a few minutes.
They came from different worlds: Megan from the blue-collar side of town and Alex from the white-collar neighborhood.  But they shared a similar experience of having tumultuous home lives.  Her father was a violent and angry drunk, who worked various construction jobs.  He had a father who wore a disguise as a superhero lawyer and caring dad, but was an angry, abusive tormentor who destroyed just about everything in his path, including his mother’s bright spirit.
Alex and Megan both realized that their only way out was to get full athletic college scholarships.  The only problem with that thinking was no one in the school’s history had ever received a field hockey scholarship, and only two boys had ever been awarded a partial scholarship to play basketball in the school’s 30-year history.
A college coach was in attendance for the same field hockey game that Alex attended and Megan dominated.  And that was the coach that would eventually offer her a free ride and watch her become the school’s leading scorer.  She would ultimately become his assistant coach and take over for him after a few more seasons behind the bench when he retired.  
Coaches has been watching Alex since was 12 years old and averaging 35 points a game in a local league where his team hadn’t lost a game in nearly three years.  In those days, the entire town had conspired to take him down.  His sociopathic father had credited the team’s success on his superior coaching ability, but everyone who watched the games knew coaching had little to do with it.  The kid always found a way to win despite being saddled with players that no one else wanted.  
The only places that Alex and Megan felt safe and in control was when they played sports and when their lips and hands were interlocked.  And they stayed in those worlds as long as they could.  As long as they could stand the persistent objections from the dominant make figures in their lives.         
Alex was back at the beach, which served as both his transition and activation point to his next memory.  Pain was no longer a relentless reminder, as nothing was to be gained by rehashing the end.  Only the sweet spot of love was to be felt and explored as if it happened for the first time.  This was Alex’s gift for experiencing a life where love was always the driving force and he was always in search of a happy ending.
Sallie Owens was patient.  She knew what she wanted and was willing to wait for what she assumed she deserved.  Alex, for all of his good intention was deeply scorned, not down and out, after he and Megan dramatically parted ways.  Even though they were now separated and Megan had a new beau, Sallie had to be skillful in surfing the triangle between the teens.  Alex also had sure to lead with his heart despite the catastrophic setback.
It was senior year.  A time to reap the spoils of years of mostly busy work, better known as the academic curriculum.  Alex headed into the year coming off a junior campaign that reinforced his status as the top dog in the town and the county.  His basketball team, a perennial loser, had accelerated from last place in the division with two wins to second place with nine wins.  Alex and his team were starting to get on a roll like he did from the ages of 10 through 12, and it was being noticed.  It wasn’t a matter of Alex getting a scholarship, it was simply a point of where he would decide to go.
The same couldn’t be said about Sallie Owens.  She was an exceptional high school volleyball player who already knew what college she would be attending.  Her father worked at a local university as a data analyst, which meant that she and her siblings would all attend the college tuition free.  There was never a debate in the house to the contrary.  And while Sallie might have had an opportunity to break free, she already had a meeting with the coach and committed to her father’s university.  At least the pressure was off her as far as that was concerned.
Alex hadn’t kissed another girl since Megan, and he couldn’t imagine kissing anyone else.  That kind of magic, he thought, would be unlikely to reproduce.   He had focused all of his energy in the spring, summer and fall on his game, until one day in the school’s cafeteria…
Lunch was a time for students to reconnect with their friends or other people they happened to be sitting with, free of the chaos that bound them in the daily grind.  Whether a student brought a brown bag lunch from home, such as Alex and Sallie, or purchased a frozen offering brought back to life by the fryer, it was a time to refuel and catch up.
Alex had gone through the first few months of the year unattached, which became a frequent topic of conversation in female circles.  In some ways it was becoming a hunting expedition by trying to figure out how to catch the white buffalo.  They only people who really knew why Alex was single were Megan and Sallie, Megan always in unsuccessful hot pursuit and Sallie acting like she didn’t care.  Megan had the same boyfriend for six months in an on-again, off-again relationship that was closely monitored by both Alex and Sallie.  While both Alex and Megan outwardly showed frustration and scorn for each other, their eyes and their hearts told a different story, a story of warmth and anguish.
Girls were always flirting with Alex, but he usually didn’t notice or take a hint.  His head was still jammed so far up his ass because he still felt that any encouragement he gave other girls was a betrayal to Megan.  On occasion, he would respond to a come on just to piss off Sallie, although he really didn’t know why he was doing it.  He thought it was fun.
The two had been best friends for more than two years after not knowing each other before entering high school.  Sallie saw her opportunity after Megan but chose to continue to take her time and wait for the right moment.  They exchanged letters every week as Alex went to sleepaway camp as a counselor for eight, long weeks.
The written correspondence did one thing for Sallie that she couldn’t accomplish previously: it gave her his undivided attention.  And, slowly, his attention started turning from the intensity and searing anguish of not being able to kiss Megan, to genuinely caring about Sallie in a more complete and mature fashion.  Alex was able to talk to Sallie in a way he was unable to do with any other girl before.  In contrast, his conversations with Megan were short and to the point between smooches, while he and Sallie could talk about anything.  Anything, with the exception being Megan Alford or them becoming a couple.
“Why do you keep paying attention to girls who just want to be with you because you’re you?” Sallie asked as they sat at a lunch table by themselves.
Alex didn’t think much of the fact that they were sitting next to each other and straddling the bench so they could speak face to face.  Usually, they would be sitting across from each other, separated by the long and wide composite wood table.  Besides, he was enjoying his peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich too much, although he had consumed the same lunch since he was in second grade.  He also thought the close-up eye contact was perfectly normal, being that they were only friends and he was still fairly naïve to the wiles of the opposite sex. 
He took a drink of milk in the small carton, “What do you want me to do?” although it was more if an expression of his frustration than an actual plea to provide him with a sense of direction.
The moment she had waited for had finally presented itself.  It was either now or never for Sallie to take a leap of faith since the she-wolves were closing in.
“If you go out with Mary, I don’t think we can be friends anymore,” she said with a healthy dose of force and conviction.
Alex still didn’t get it, as he was a more visual and practical learner than simply taking auditory cues.  A girl named Mary, who was as dumb as a piece of wood but was built like a brick shit house, had been pursuing him and he gave the appearance of considering it.
“What?” he replied. “Why would you do that?” He could not understand the intersection of his social life, or lack thereof, and their friendship.
She refused to relent, “Because I’m tired of watching you waste your time! These girls are not a match for you!” Although she also didn’t think that Megan Alford was a match for him and they both knew that wasn’t true.
She said it with such confidence and offensive femininity that Alex finally got a hunch that something was up.  This was the first time that Sallie had taken such a deep stance for or against anything since he knew her.  Generally, she was quite agreeable and upbeat, as was he.
“Okay, okay!” he stated. “I won’t pursue it. Your friendship means more to me than that bullshit!”
On the other side of the cafeteria, Megan Alford was sitting with a few of her friends but wasn’t engaging in the conversation.  What she was focusing on was the body language between the two friends, and how she wished she were sitting next to Alex.
As the moments passed, her deepest intuitions about Sallie Owens wanting more than a friendship moved closer to fruition.  She even talked out loud at one point.
“Do it already!”
One of her friends replied, “Okay, I’ll get the stupid haircut then!”
Megan broke free of the Alex hold for a moment and addressed her friend Cortney, “Oh, no! Your hair is awesome the way it is! Don’t listen to that jerk, Marty!”
Courtney flipped her long blonde hair with her fingers and confidently replied, “Thanks, Megs!”
Megan then returned to the unfolding drama at table two and had missed Sallie’s approach.  She had already made her move and now officially took her place.  Although Megan missed Alex, she took some comfort in the months they were apart and he hadn’t kissed another girl.  She knew it every time she looked in his eyes.  Moments later, the bell rang and her heart was broken anew, just like Alex’s heart every time he saw her kissing her boyfriend.
Sallie had absorbed Alex’s words for a beat or two before saying, “Good,” smiling and then moving in with the speed and precision of someone who had done this kind of thing before.  She had not done it before.
Alex’s smile turned to momentary confusion and harmonious accord as Sallie crossed the friendship boundary and entered the girlfriend zone.  He thought, “She finally did it!” Their lips met and the kiss exceeded both of their expectations, primarily since neither of them ever anticipated it actually happening.
They broke the kiss after a few seconds as Alex said, “Okay,’ with a stunned smile on his face.
To which Sallie replied, “Okay!” with a level of satisfaction and belonging that she had not previously experienced.
Alex’s relationship with Sallie was much different than the short, but intense, dalliance he had with Megan.  The prior relationship lasted only a few months, with only a handful of opportunities for them to connect with limited privacy.  So, the action was restricted to kissing only with some gentle body contact.  The smooching was so good that it didn’t leave either of them wanting more.  It also didn’t further intensify the pressure already bestowed upon them.
Alex was with Megan was he was 16 years old, a month before his 17th birthday.  In contrast, he had recently turned 18 when Sallie kissed him in the cafeteria, the extra surge of maturity and his role as a center of attention making a big difference.  Even though he still didn’t have a clue what he was doing and had never advanced past first base.  Baseball analogies where big in the dating world, and they all seemed to focus on how far a dude got with a chick.  While she only got credit for singles, triples and home runs, he could touch every base.
As far as Alex understood it, a single was kissing.  Most high school students had done at least that – even through a game of spin the bottle – by graduation.  Not that there would be anything majorly wrong if they hadn’t.  It was all about momentum.  If you had it, you could go all the way, but if you didn’t then you might not be able to get out of the dugout.  A double was feeling/touching/squeezing a breast, a triple was exploring between the legs and a round-tripper/home run was essentially sex.  Penis inserted into vagina, which is the most direct way to describe it.
There was a night when Alex and Sallie went on a double date with his friend Marty and girlfriend Amy.  The foursome ate some pizza and then were making out in Marty’s mother’s car, which was a piece of shit on wheels and wasn’t especially comfortable.
“Hey, Amy,” wise-ass Marty, who eventually succumbed to his preference of boys over girls, began “Aren’t your parents out tonight?”
She had the intelligence of a stale piece of toast, “Yeah, I forgot!”
Amy also didn’t realize that Marty was gay and married him five years later before he left her and moved in with her hairdresser, Gary.
Alex really wasn’t sure what any of it really meant, being that he was very much a flow person, but he was happy to get out of the cramped back seat.  He was also relieved to be away from both Marty and Amy, who gave him he creeps.  They always seemed to be hitting on him for sport, and he didn’t like it.  The only reason that Alex arranged the double date was because his intrusive parents were being stingy with their cars after he recently passed his driver’s test and got a license.  This memorable night would be the last time they would go out again.
Amy got even creepier when she said to Alex and Sallie upon the arrival at her house, “You can use my room.”
She had bigger plans.  Her sights were set on the queen bed in her parents’ room.  Alex didn’t care.  He was just happy to have a little alone time with his best friend and new girlfriend.  Neither of them could have predicted what would happen next.
Strangely, it was only the second time that Alex had been with a girl on a bed, with the first time lasting less than two seconds.  One of his first girlfriends, if that’s what you want to call it, Karen Kitchner, was a bit more developed and advanced than the average 13-year-old and somehow shy Alex asked her out via a note in math class.  She came over his house one day and thankfully everyone was home.  They wound up in his room with his mother and younger sister, who abruptly walked out after 10 minutes of mindless chatting.  This left a confused Alex alone on his bed with a girl wearing, and filling out quite nicely, a Carolina blue tube top.  It basically a piece of stretchy fabric covering a serious braless development that disabled most of the pubescent boys and rendered them unable to walk out of class without the assistance of a trapper-keeper notebook as boner cover.
Alex realized they were alone and the gravity of the situation was too much for him to bear.  So, he used his quick first step to catapult directly from the bed and into a closet that was directly in front of him.  And he didn’t come out until she not only left the room, the house and his life despite her pleas, “I’m not going to do anything to you. We can just sit and talk.”
He learned at a young age that if something looked like a duck, walked like a duck and quacked like a duck, then it was definitely a duck.  Nobody who had a body like that and freely showed it to the world had the intention of simply talking, he correctly surmised.  Karen had the first of three abortions at the age of 16, but eventually settled in to be an average suburban housewife in her mid-20s.
Thankfully, Alex didn’t have the same reaction when he walked into Amy’s bedroom with Sallie, as douchey Amy snickered as she closer the door behind them.
“Let’s not go out with them again,” Alex suggested and Sallie concurred.
“Yeah, I’m with you on that.”
They sat next to each other at the end of the bed, barely dipping their toes in the shallow end of the physical dating pool.  Kissing came easy for them, so they started there.  Alex liked the smell of Sallie’s perfume.  It had a floral scent that was agreeable with his libido.  He started kissing and licking her long neck, since she apparently tasted as good as she smelled.  She exhaled deeply and even moaned for the first time, so he figured that he was doing something right.  After a few minutes of kissing, he focused on her neck again and she continued to be highly responsive.  So, he pressed on, as he rounded first base and headed to unchartered territory on second.
“Yes!” he thought, “It was worth the wait.” 
Alex eventually ventured under her sweater until he was met with an obstacle her could not conquer: the dreaded, multi-clasp bra strap.  He had always been attracted to more top-heavy girls even as far back as Karen, and it became frustrating that he couldn’t pick the high-security lock, so she excitedly intervened.
“There,” she said as he continued to work on her neck and her chest.
And, just as Alex thought the adventure couldn’t be any more stimulating, he felt the heat coming from between her legs like a huge bonfire.  His left hand was pinned and rested on her leg and its only use was apparently as a thermometer.
“I gotta’ check this out,” he thought.  
So he repositioned in order to out his left hand adjacent to her chest and the more nimble right hand between her legs, which made her even more excited. 
It wasn’t even a matter of trying things until she stopped him.  He wasn’t like that.  It was a natural progression that simply kept unfolding like it never had before.  This night was all about Sallie.  Alex was a giver and he was happy to please her.
A few minutes went by and Alex decided to take a dip in the pool, and to his surprise it felt like a warm spring.  She was experiencing so much pleasure that her body elevated and left the planet for the next 10 minutes.  He kept going, diving face first into the spring until she went over the waterfall.  Alex had no clue what he was doing, but he figured that anything he did with his tongue produced magic up to that point.  He obviously did something right, as her moans of pleasure were replaced by complete silence.  Sallie had passed out.  She passed out with a smile on her face as Alex stood at third base and wiped the moisture from his face.  He looked over at the umpire and called, “Time out,’ as he rearranged her pink underpants and put her jeans mostly back into place.
“You okay, Sallie?” he asked but got no response after gently trying to jostle her awake with his hands.
So, he straightened himself up, opened the door and then did the first thing that came to mind, “Amy!” in a tone that was loud enough to hear him down the hall.
Luckily, she was lurking in the hallway after her boyfriend finished in less than two minutes.  She was carrying an Emory board and appeared to be filing her nails.
She then heard something that put her over the edge.
“Sallie passed out,” Alex said. “I can’t get her up.”
Amy thought, “What the fuck? I wanna’ pass out!”
But instead, she replied, “I’ll take care of it,” being that she had been with more guys in her 17 years than most adults.
“Amateurs,” she muttered as she entered her room. She looked back at Alex, “My parents are home. Go downstairs,” she said and then disappeared into the room.
Sallie looked so happy while lying motionless on Amy’s bed.  That irritated Amy, which gave her extra incentive to wake the bitch up.  Amy wasn’t like other girls.  She had a moral compass that was directionless, so it was no surprise when she lied down next to Sallie and started stroking her strawberry blonde hair.
Sallie slowly woke up from her peaceful slumber, fully expecting to see Prince Charming next to her.  Instead, she was next to the Wicked Queen, so she decided to tap into Amy’s vast knowledge of such things.
“Is it always like that?”
Amy laughed, “No duh. Why do you think I’m always doing it?”
And, for one of the rare times that they knew each other, Sallie saw eye-to-eye with Amy.  She couldn’t argue with any of it.
Sallie & KIM 
	It was the transfer of power from one 5’11” volleyball player to another.  Sallie managed to hold on to her man for two years, although their relationship was on and off at times.
	In Alex’s life of lovemaking, the original of that sexual journey was mirky.  Yes, Sallie was his partner at the point of inception, but he had no clear recollection of when they actually did it for the first time.  But the progression from Megan to Sallie to Kim Wallenburg was completely logical from a physical relationship standpoint.
	As far as Alex knew, he and Sallie were finally broken up in the spring of his sophomore year of college.  He was trying to regain his footing as a single dude and the basketball season had mercifully ended, which meant that he had a lot more free time.  While he had blown the match out and put all fire aside, Sallie was still somehow holding the candle.
	She drove to visit him in his dorm on a sleepy April afternoon.  Alex’s roommate was out at lacrosse practice, and it was if Sallie had planned out the quiet afternoon.  They both had brief relationships between their last ending, which gave her some diversity and him some needed perspective.
	When she arrived at his dorm he could see the same old intent in her blue eyes.  It reminded him of the time when they finally had some privacy in her house after the passing out incident in Amy’s room.  Like a little kid at an amusement park going on a ride and saying, “Again!”
	This version of Sallie was somehow altered by her collegial experience.  The time she spent away from Alex had changed her, and he wasn’t sure if it was for the better.  Not that it mattered much anyway, since he had broken up with her for the primary reason that he knew she would never grow and change.
	He came to the conclusion, “SHE WOULD NEVER LEAVE HIGH SCHOOL!”
	All Alex wanted to do was leave his family and high school behind!  He couldn’t wait to leave his parents’ house and be out on his own.  That was his primary motivation for excelling at basketball in the first place.  A full scholarship was the target because it gave him independence and let him earn his own way.
	Every time he saw Sallie after he left for college was a familiar yet painful experience.  It was a continuous reminder of who he was, not who he aspired to be.  And, although she was going to college as well, she was still living at home.  So, their experiences were like two trains on separate tracks heading in opposite directions.
	While the vibe was off that day, Alex did the only thing he thought she would enjoy, he went downtown.  However, that didn’t last very long because she drove more than an hour to do one thing and that was, in street terms, the nasty.
	The pair had attempted and completed the act of sex, fornication, the horizontal lambada, a round tripper, going all the way, before but it wasn’t very memorable.  In fact, most people remember the first time they had sex, whether it was an enjoyable experience or not.  But this wasn’t the case for either Alex or Sallie.  For them, the first time they were together in Amy’s room and the last time they bumped uglies in his dorm room were indelibly etched in his memory.  She had multiple memories that he had blacked out.
	He couldn’t believe how much she enjoyed having sex, but really couldn’t enjoy the experience for a variety of reasons.  The first of which was when she stated, “I’m on the pill,” as he reached for a condom.
	“What the fuck?!” he thought.
	Normally that would have been a huge selling point for him, being that wearing a rubber chocked his lower brain like it owed him rent money.
	He immediately thought about her strict religious upbringing and how both of her parents would have a conniption if the subject of birth control came up.  They loved Alex because he was a respectful and thoughtful young man who made their daughter happy, but all he really wanted to do was get naked with her and do things until release.
	While they were having sex, Alex tried to drown out the sound of her thoroughly enjoying herself because all he could think about was getting her pregnant.  He didn’t trust her and he was right for thinking that way.  She wasn’t on the pill.  She had sex with another guy and didn’t enjoy it.  Sallie was losing Alex, had virtually lost Alex, and a baby would serve to bind them forever, her 19-year-old mind surmised.
	But Alex must have been able to hold his strongest swimmers back because they never made it to the egg’s home base alive.  She seemed so satisfied after the put their clothes back on.  Like she came to complete a specific mission and emerged successful.  In later years, the key to his pinpoint fertility appeared to be boxer shorts, not the tighty whities he was wearing that day.
	Six months later, Sallie was obviously babyless when she returned to the school for a volleyball match.  She, again, was on a mission to prove her superiority to anyone else in Alex’s orbit.  Kimberly Wallenburg, alias Kim, Kimby and Kimmer, had moved into Alex’s orbit.    
	It was the second week of Alex’s junior year of college and first year living off campus as an upperclassman.  It was also the first full year in the last three without Sallie ever present in his life.
	It was a gorgeous day, so Alex decided to park his car at the gym and walk over to the main building’s bookstore to get some supplies.  He could have simply parked closer to the building and avoided the mile walk, but for some mystical reason he didn’t.
	He had noticed the blonde goddess they called Kim the previous year, but she had a boyfriend.  She was also hanging around a group of people who care for, so kept his mind moving away from her.  Maybe his initial vibe was off, he thought.
	That was, until they literally crossed paths – she headed toward the gym for volleyball practice and he, well, you know where he was headed.
	She spotted him first, only because he had a stigmatism and was nearsighted.  Alex wore glasses when in class, but he usually walked around with sunglasses and went without any visual aids on the court because he could play in his sleep.  He was also six-and-half feet tall, which made him quite noticeable on campus.  
	The truth was that she had noticed him as well, but her recurring tendency to underestimate her powers as a sexual being often led her down a dark dating path.  But today would be different.
	Once Alex spotted her he continued to walk right at her.  Not that there was an alternative path, being that there was only one way in and one way out.
	“Hey!” Alex said like they were old acquaintance, as they stepped only 15 inches apart from each other, suggesting comfort with extremely relaxed and engaged body language.
	“Hey!” she replied.
	“You’re Kim,” he said.
	“Yes, that’s me!” she said in a goofy tone, although she was usually upbeat being she was from the Midwest.
	That was something that upbeat Alex really love about her, her radiance.
	“I’m Alex,” he said as he extended his right arm slightly and gently shook her soft right hand, holding it for an extra beat, which sent chills down her spine and triggered goose bumps on both her arms and her milky white legs.
	Kim smiled and blushed, “Yeah, I know.”
	This was a different Kim than he saw the previous year.  She was natural, relaxed, charming and still extremely blonde.  The spark he initially saw now a raging bonfire.
	“When’s your first game?” he asked, although he was really thinking about how long it would take before he could see her naked.
	She replied, “A week from tomorrow,” but all she could think about was taking this muscle car for a test drive to see what it had under the hood.  Her last boyfriend looked like Freddie Mercury’s much smaller brother.  He was hung like a raisin and she had to work hard to simulate enjoyment.  Simulating pleasure was beyond her honest capabilities.
	They continued to talk for a few more minutes about their summers and then she said, “Sorry, but I have to go to practice. Can we continue this another time?”
	He smiled, “I would love that,” as all of the games of adolescence had been left behind.
	She walked toward the gym and he walked away from it, the two turning around, smiling and nodding at each other after a few steps.  It was on.  It was definitely on.
	The next night, there was an event at the central meeting place on campus.  The room was dimly lit and the music was loud.  But that didn’t stop them from finding each other.  It took all of 10 minutes and one beer after they arrived a few minutes apart.  He was like an animal tracking her scent, and she stood out in the open with her friend and teammate, Gretchen, so she would be easy to track.
	This time, they made eye contact and he walked toward her with a confident gate.  Kim elbowed Gretchen and her setter located the target and said, “Oh, man. Mommy like.”
	“Get in line, bitch!” Kim joked.
	“I got my own man, yo!” Gretchen countered, and turned as her boyfriend stepped up with a few beers in red cups and then kissed her.
	Alex felt confident after their initial meeting, so he kept moving forward, breaching the friend zone and kissing her on the cheek as he said, “It’s good to see you again.”
	She glowed and replied, “I wore red so you could find me.”
	He laughed as they continued to whisper in each other’s ears, “I think I would have found you no matter what you were wearing.”
	Alex thought that it was a similar vibe than he had with Megan Alford, where all of the awkwardness was missing and the connection was both strong and unyielding.
	Alex formally met Gretchen and her boyfriend Brian, and the four remained in close quarters for the next hour, drinking beers and doing some dancing.  Then Brian said to Alex, “I hear you live in the townhomes.”
	The other three were still living in the dorms where privacy was scarce.
	“Yeah,” Alex replied. “Wanna’ check it out?”
	They all nodded and Brian said, “We’ll follow you guys over there.”
	It was a five-minute drive to the off-campus location, but that ride would have to wait a few minutes.  Alex and Kim walked to his car, she wearing three-inch heels, which lifted her to only four inches from his head.  He went to open the passenger door but felt her heat behind him, so he turned around and they melted into each other.  The locking of their lips, tongues and bodies were more than 24 hours in the making.
	Gretchen and Brian saw what was happening ahead of them, so they stopped for a makeout break as well.  They eventually got into their cars and drove to the townhouse, where they grabbed some food and beer and decided who was going to nest where.
	The kitchen was on the ground floor as well as a common area with a couch, which would be occupied by Gretchen and Brian, who were happy to be anywhere alone.  Alex and Kim walked upstairs to his bedroom because it was his house.  He showed her the upstairs suite, which included a private bedroom, full bathroom and a small sitting area and study desk.
	They both looked at the bed, a place they would undoubtedly be visiting with great regularity, and Kim said, “Why don’t we start on the couch.”
	She was cognizant about not moving too fast, even though all she could think about was how it would feel when he was inside of her.  They passionately made out for an hour or so, as body parts were explored without a stitch of clothing being removed.
	“I got an all-day tournament tomorrow. We have to travel,” she said.
	“You wanna’ do something on Sunday night?” he asked.
	She had other ideas, “We’ll be back around nine tomorrow.”
 	He smiled, “Do you want me to pick you up?”
	“No, I’ll drive over after I drop my stuff off,” needing a few minutes to put some makeup on and put on clothes that would be easy to get out of.
	“Should I get you some food?” he asked.
	“No, we usually stop on the way back. But thanks.” Honestly, she was hungry for him, not McDonald’s.
	They stood up and hugged.
	“Good luck,” he said. “I’ll leave the door open.”
	They kissed again and she hugged him tight, looking forward to the day when she didn’t have to leave him.  He walked her downstairs and said goodbye to his guests, as he waited impatiently like a loyal dog until she returned the following night.
	Kim returned from the six-hour volleyball marathon, better known as a tournament, feeling refreshed and tingling from head to toe.  It probably didn’t matter that her team lost in the quarterfinals and then hung out after winning a meaningless consolation game.
	Her belly was full of McDonald’s, although most of the upperclassman had opted for salads and yogurt parfaits over Big Macs and fries.  If they had stopped at a pizza place, then most of them would have dove head-first into peperoni and sausage.  But Kim had a different sausage in mind on this night.
	She arrived at Alex’s townhome at 9:25 p.m. and lightly tapped on the door, feeling his presence was near.  Like a good dog, he fetched, opening the door on command.  He let her take two steps forward and said, “I missed you.”
	And she replied just before they became fused at the hip, “I need you.”
	They went at it like two wild animals, eventually making their way upstairs, this time shuffling past the couch in the sitting area and heading right to his queen-sized bed.  Alex was learning more about women each day, and he was about to learn another lesson.  Just like Sallie six months earlier, Kim was more focused on the actual dance than the warm-up.  Her engine was already red hot.  Twenty-something didn’t need a lead up to get to the main event.  It was all about insert Tab A into Slot B.
	Missionary was her position of choice and of the relationship.  Alex replaced tongue with hang-low, which was pleasing to both of them.  Kim had mentioned she was on birth control and he trusted her word without hesitation or further consideration.  Like Megan Alford before her, Alex felt more deeply about the females he chose than the ones who chose him.  It was basic human nature at work.
	He slid in and out easily and the pleasure was building until Alex reached the point of no return minutes before Kim would arrive at the party.  She was a little frustrated because she never had an orgasm during sex and the wait would have to continue.  He tried to bridge the gap.
	“It’s been a while,” he said in his defense.  He had not been with a woman in six months, having to drive up to the self-serve window since awkwardly being with Sallie in his dorm room.
	She said, “It’s all right,” trying to disguise her genuine disappointment.  She had such high hopes and started setting up her own pity party.
	As he pulled out, Alex said, “Don’t worry, I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
	Kim went to the bathroom and he went downstairs to get a couple of beers and go to the bathroom as well once he was able to cross the streams again.  He drained the main vein and then went back upstairs where he felt optimistic and confident about round two.
	Alex handed Kim and open beer and said, “Here’s to second chances.”
	She smiled and then clanked glasses.  A swig or two later, the beers were sweating on the night table and they started kissing again.  It didn’t take him long get ready again.  Alex took his rightful place on top again, as   
Kim spread her long longs to give him access.
	The sequel started just as the initial act, Alex building up momentum and their bodies aligning with each successive stroke.
	They glided past two minutes, then three, then four, there fluid and synchronous motions triggering emotions that neither of them had felt before.  Alex and Kim were now linked for all eternity in the sexual cosmos.
	Suddenly, Alex had the poise to time his release for the first time so it coincided with his partner’s eruption.  He was no longer micro-managing his thoughts and she had finally surrendered to the level of passion and pleasure that she desired but could not have anticipated.  They were now organically in love even though the actual words wouldn’t be spoken until weeks later.
	They came at the same time and didn’t speak for a few minutes, because words could not express what had just happened.  He stayed inside of her for a while and then they fell peacefully fell asleep in each other’s arms.
	Kim had an eight o’clock class the next morning, so she showered and put the same hardly worn clothes she had on when she arrived.  He had a 10:00 a.m. class, so he stayed in bed.  She kissed him and he opened his eyes, “I’ll see you later.”
	She smiled, “Not if I see you first.”    
KIM & JENNIE
Couples usually go through a honeymoon phase of a relationship, where they are under the hypnotic notion that the heat will last forever.  That their lust, or even shades of love, will lead to a lifelong relationship.  While Alex could see only Kim in his future, she knew from the outset that they had a ‘good until’ date.  He felt a shift in her over time and decided to move on, finishing the remainder of his junior year and entire senior year with companionship but not a single significant connection.  But he did have fun.  It was progress for Alex on the relationship front being able to end a relationship when it was no longer functioning properly.  He also learned how to passionately and patiently sync his entire body with another body.
With college in the rear-view mirror, Alex focused on the next phase of his life, which proved to be a transitory phase to the next level.  The final frontier.  The level of devotion that he ultimately craved: a lifelong commitment.
In the meantime, he decided to continue his late college pattern of sowing his oats and drinking to excess.  The first year out of college was also a career exploratory phase, where 20-something Alex was trying to figure out what he wanted to do for the rest of his life and that proved elusive.  He had spent years knowing who he was and what he was supposed to do, but know he was thrown into unchartered waters where he didn’t have a clue what his next significant move would be.  Se he emersed himself in beer and bodies to ease the pain.
It was Friday night and the mood was definitely right.  Alex and his post-college colleagues headed out to their favorite spot, the South Street Seaport, after another senseless week complete administrative tasks better disguised as a management training program.  Alex felt that the long-standing and unspoken rule of having to pay your dues was nonsensical, degrading and demotivating, and had these beleaguered young men and woman looking for an opportunity to deposit their meager paychecks into a bottle.
Alex was now 24 years old and was now lost in his construction of a shallow, surface-oriented world.  His relationship with Kim had jumpstarted a string of short-term affairs, where he had become the beneficiary of sensational gossip.  This string of truths was starting by Kim, who was happy her confess her tales of orgasm with her friends.
One of these friends was Cassie Kennedy, who happened to be the first woman he talked to on campus as a freshman.  She was a cheerleader and he was on the basketball team, so it was only natural that they talked.  They shared a few bus rides that year, and it was obvious that they would have hooked up if they weren’t going out with people at home.
Cassie had the same boyfriend through her junior year until Kim and Alex broke up.  This event caught Cassie, who was a friend of Kim’s, completely by surprise.  Kim always sounded so in love with Alex that she thought nothing would break them apart.  The action reawakened Kim’s senses after years of simply going through the motions, and she figured that it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get a ticket for the orgasm train.  She hadn’t boarded that shuttle in a while.
She was obviously quite familiar with Alex from the bus-ride conversations and he appeared to be a solid and dedicated guy.  Not that she was looking for a lifelong commitment.
It was quiet in campus.  Too quiet for a Saturday night.  There was no game that night.  No reason to cheer.  And then she thought…
She got into her car and drove a half-mile, got out of her car and knocked on a door with the number ‘42’ on the outside.
“Oh, is Alex here?” she asked at the surprising sight of another dude.
The guy smiled, “He lives a few doors down in 44.”
“Thanks!” she said and then shuffled a few paces to her right and knocked again.
It was fated that Alex was taking the night off and not entertaining anyone else.  He opened the door, wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and saw the look of a true lioness in Cassie’s eyes.
She took two steps through the door and their bodies smashed together like they were on a collision course.  They started kissing and removing clothing as he skillfully closed the door with the back of his left heel without even looking.
The night was quite pleasurable and she wound up coming back a few more times when she needed a release before they graduated.  It was an era of people keeping each other company and having sex without thoughts of a lasting relationship.  The lack of commitment decluttered the mind and removed the heart from the equation.  But it also made sex feel like exercise at times and a test of endurance rather than a meaningful connection.
Back at the Seaport, Alex and his friends downed a few jumbo beers just too dull the pain of their collegial exploits that turned into doubts about where all of this complicated shit was headed.
They left a bar with a slight buzz and headed to the main square where most of the young professionals hung out once they loosened up.  The crowd thinned out as seven turned to eight and eight became nine o’clock.  Alex had nowhere to be, so he and a few of his new, but forgettable, friends walked further into the less populated area, where they encountered a few ladies from the other side of the Hudson.
Alex was usually a respectful gentleman at all times, even when loaded, but he could get a little adventurous if the mood hit.  He saw a tall woman and heard somewhere in his head, “Dude, that’s your type.”
In actuality, one of the guys said it to his friend, but after seven or eight beers Alex was feeling pretty fluid.
He walked up to his intended target and asked the red-haired beauty, “Is that your natural hair color?”
Now, Alex in normal times would never use a pickup line like that, but he was genuinely curious.  He had never seen a New Jersey girl look like that and was doubting the lineage of her origin.
She smiled, partly because the 5’11” model looked up to give the response and she liked what she saw.
“Well, where I come from,” she began in a decidedly Southern accent, “you’ll have to get to know me better before you get the answer to that question.”
He smiled and stepped closer as the heat between them was instantaneous.  Instead of responding with words, he replied with lips, as the physical had supplanted the verbal.
After 10 minutes of passionate kissing in the center of the South Street Seaport, the two finally came up for air.
“Dude, we’re going to a bar!” one of the guys said, as the two other girls starting walking.  The bar was a few blocks away outside of the friendly confines of the Seaport, with Alex and his fair maiden stopping every 10 feet to make out.  Their skin on fire and it became painful for them to be apart.
“I’m Alex. Alex Winter,” he said in a rare break in the action.
“Jennie Feinberg,” she replied.
“Nice to meet you, Jennie Feinberg,” he stated and then they went back at it, although he had more questions about her background, being that he had met a lot of women from his tribe but nine as this level of goddess.
Later, there were in a private booth at the bar still making out.
“Feinberg?” he inquired.
“My dad is Jewish and my mother is Scottish. I grew up in Tennessee.”
Alex nodded in understanding.
“Now in New Jersey,” she added.
“How is that working out for you?” the biased New Yorker asked.
“You’ll have to come see me now,” the Southern Belle replied.
“I couldn’t stay away even if I wanted to,” he replied and then reconnected to the pleasure train.
She was a few years older than him – four to be exact – and her internal clock was ticking louder than Big Ben.  Alex, for his part, had still not come out of his selfish “I don’t give a shit” college days, and hadn’t really given much thought in recent years to settling down.
They went out to dinner one night in the city.  She went right at it.
“How many kids do you want to have?”
The simplicity and depth of the question surprised him, considering that they had said only a few words to each other outside of sex.  But he decided to play along.
“I’ve always wanted two, a girl first and then a boy.”
“Why in that order?” Jennie asked, not that she had a specific pecking order in mind.
“Then the boy would have respect for women,” he said from his own painful experience.
She nodded, “That makes sense. I always wanted to have at least three, but don’t really care what sex they are.”
The words ‘at least’ hung in the air and closed his mind.  Images of a litter of puppies with kid’s heads went through his thoughts.  While he loved children and wanted to have them some day, he wasn’t ready to commit to settling down just yet.  She was more than ready to get on with it.  In hindsight, she might have been a suitable mate for him but not a significant life partner.  Jennie would have birthed some beautiful kids, but their life would have been more about style than substance.  Alex was all about substance, at least at his core.
The relationship ended because she was too open sexually and he wasn’t buying it.  Alex had never met a woman who was so comfortable with her body and sexuality.  But, he surmised, that was probably since she had an ulterior motive, or three or more ulterior motives in mind.
Over time, Alex realized that Jennie Feinberg was an important woman in his life just like Megan, Sallie and Kim before her.  She definitely prepared him for the next phase of his life and the next level.  Jennie made Alex realize that his life was shallow and it had to stop.  Anything short of the real thing would be a waste of time.
Jennie did have one oddity that made him realize that all of the beautiful and free-wheeling pieces didn’t fit together.  They had sex all night and through the morning, and after a little sleep the next logical step would be to take a shower before getting on with the weekend day.
“I’m going to take a shower,” Jennie announced in all of her glorious nakedness while standing over Alex like a superhero in the bed.
Up until that point, she had been all access and had no glaring hang-ups or taboos.  She reminded him of Kim that first night they made love.  He had really never met someone so flawless and seamless, so he figured there must be a catch but tried not to dwell on it.
He replied with a logical line, “Oh great, I’ll join you!”
But, just as he was going to bound out of bed for some soapy fun, she had other ideas.
“No that’s okay. I like to shower alone,” as she turned cold for the first time and turned and walked away without another word or facial expression. Even her body language appeared to be suffering from the possibility of a co-ed shower.
Alex had taken a shower with women before and was puzzled as to why Jennie couldn’t be a water park in addition to a roller coaster.  His patience wasn’t a virtue at this age, probably since he had been extremely patient in previous years and would be once again in subsequent years.  Alex always realized that a spark was a genesis to a flame.  It didn’t make sense that Jennie was so loose and then became so tight when the two activities appeared to be so similar.  There must have been a deeper, much deeper, issue that had not surfaced.  And, quite frankly, he wasn’t about to hang around to be blown up in that explosion.
Alex was attracted to the real and tended to avoid things he felt that lacked authenticity.  Sallie was authentic, whether he like it or not.  She was also delusional.  Megan was a tortured soul who wound up being less authentic than he originally thought.  Kim was probably the least authentic of the three, as she hid behind college to explore personal fantasies and lead people on.  She was the driving force behind Alex losing his own identity as a person of substance and caring.  But the stakes were much higher starting with Jennie since all of the shit from that moment on was for keeps.  Alex sobered up real fast because he wasn’t going to make a mistake or take chances with a ‘till death do you part’ kind of commitment.
The next time they would be together would be the last for Jennie and Alex.  He told her at dinner that he really cared about her but had to move on.  She cried mostly out of her inability to move to the next stage of life.  The pressure from her meddling mother to make babies was real and had been ever-present over the previous five years. 
Despite the conversation, they followed a similar pattern that night of having sex through the night and into the morning.  They got up and went to breakfast, she showering first and then he.  Alex came back to her apartment after the meal to gather his stuff for the last time and move on with his life.  But Jennie had other ideas.
“Let’s do it again,” she said, although Alex was on another track.
He tried to back out, “I’m all out of rubbers.”
Another version of Jennie came out to play, “I don’t care.”
“Really?” he questioned.
“Yeah, I’m horny,” she replied, although he doubted that was the case. They had exchanged so much bodily fluid that it was incredible that either of them could even walk straight.
He figured that it might be a while before his next tryst, so he agreed while taking his clothes off and she did the same. 
Jennie normally liked it when Alex was in the power position whether it was on top of behind her but chose to take charge by mounting him.  It was a calculated decision on her part.
“If you’re going to make a baby, make sure to be on top,” her mother said the previous week as she felt the relationship slipping away from the tone of her daughter’s voice.
Jennie was in panic mode, so she instinctively took her mother’s advice and jumped on top of the man.  His sperm count must have at a weekend low after regenerating so many times.  It was as if the auxiliary sperm were called into action before they could go through basic training.
The beginning was sort of exciting for Alex, given that he hated wearing condoms and could experience Jennie for what felt like the first time.  But then a feeling of déjà vu enveloped him like a black cloud.  Flashbacks of the last time he had sex with Sallie, and her obvious motivation took hold of his libido.
She rode him so hard like he was a racehorse charging to the finish line at the Kentucky Derby.  In the end, he had no other choice but to cum.
“Wow!” she exclaimed. “That was amazing!”
He barely said two words as he put his clothes on, slipped his baseball hat on, picked up his bag and then said goodbye with a gentle hug.
“What the fuck?” he muttered as he walked to his car and vowed to never throw himself into casual sex again.  It was time for Alex to get serious and finally meet the girl of his dreams.
JENNIE & BELINDA 
	Forty-three days after Jennie rode and unsheathed Alex to completion, she finally waved the white flag for Alex being a potential baby daddy.  After several negative pregnancy tests and one false positive, her period finally came in earnest.  It must have been the stress that extended her cycle.
	Although Alex didn’t know it, he was now free to follow his heart, not his lower brain, which had been firmly in control since the magical night with Kim.  He had not been concerned with love at first sight or happy endings, only how he could hit it and quit it without complications.  It was a far cry from his foundation as a loyalist and a monogamist.  Instead, he had become a realist rebelling against the very thing that had always made him happy.  The very things that drove him from the turbulent and toxic waves of his parents’ house.
	He stopped drinking, dating and looking for a quick physical fix that would leave him feeling empty.  A focused and righteous life also led him to a job that had more meaning and security.  Alex believes that playtime was over and he had to step up.  It was a process, but he was a routine-oriented person who thrived on a sense of regularity and security.
	Once the six months of sobriety and celibacy was up, even though he hadn’t placed a time limit on his venture to get clean, he shifted to a new direction.  A direction that would bring his wife by his side.  So he went on a few dates that he found in personal ads, because in the days before the internet and dating apps, people actually had to do such time-wasting things.
	Alex was so focused on what he wanted that he knew what he didn’t want as well.  This meant that dates were usually over within the first 10 seconds, although he wasn’t being overly crass by immediately ending the date.  It was basically “hello” and “goodbye” in the span of a few hors d’oeuvres and some idle chit chat.
	He then found a newsletter that matched Jewish singles.  After scouring the personal ads/listings and not seeing anything that sparked his interest, he placed his own ad, which elicited only two responses.  One response was from another guy who was straight but had a learning disorder, and the other who failed to generate any interest from Alex.
	The newsletter arrived every few weeks in the mail and Alex opened each issue following his failed listing.  One particular paragraph caught his eye:
Life as one would be so much more interesting as two. Professional seeks the calm and quiet of another kindred soul.
	And then it listed a reference number so the service could forward responses through the mail.  Things were slower in the 1980s, but that didn’t deter Alex from responding.  The words ‘calm and quiet’ were a match, so he sent a picture and a short note that confidently read:
I look forward to meeting you.
Sincerely yours,
Alex
	Belinda Davidson received 10 responses but none of them with a picture of a man who made her stomach flip.  In a good way.  She looked at the picture and said, “I look forward to meeting you too, Alex.”
	One party, Belinda, had advanced notice of what she was getting into, while the other party, Alex, was going into the date blind but with surprisingly more confidence and faith than his date.  She had also gone on a few dates that were basically over before they started, but she felt different the entire day leading up to meeting Alex.
	Alex was calm.  He had felt the same calm confidence in the six-plus months leading up to this day.  He knew.  He just knew as the hours leading up to the day turned to minutes.
	He was meeting Belinda outside of her office building at 5:45 p.m., which gave Alex a few minutes to get the feel of the place before she walked into his life.  The real excitement for Alex was that he had no idea what she looked like.  But that really didn’t matter.  It was odd, but he instinctively knew he would like what he saw.
	People walked in and out of the building from 5:30 p.m. to 5:44 p.m. and Alex was fascinated by each and every individual.  Well, maybe less so intrigued by the male visuals.  He believed, he so believed in the fairytale ending.  He so believed that good things happened to good people.
	Meanwhile, inside of the building, Belinda was freaking out a bit.  She had a co-worker check out what was going on outside.
	“There’s a tall guy in a double-breasted suit that’s pretty fine,” Charise Maxwell explained.
	Belinda pulled out his picture from her purse.
	“Does he look like this?”
	“Nah,” Cherise replied.
	“What do you mean?” Belinda questioned.
	Charise explained, “No, that boy is finer than that. It must be better lighting outside.”
	It was 5:45.
	Charise nudged Belinda.
	“If you don’t go out there some other woman’s gonna’ sop him up like she’s a biscuit and he’s gravy.”
	Belinda looked at Charise.
	“It’s a jungle out there,” Charise kidded as she nudged Belinda. “Go get your man!”
	Belinda surmised that she would have to leave the building at some point to get some dinner, shower and change, so she walked toward the door and then went through to the other side.
	Alex tried to make eye contact with every woman who came out of the building.  At least every woman that he determined was in the appropriate 20-something range.  He didn’t know whether to smile or play it cool.  But that all changed when Belinda finally walked out of the door and headed his way.
	He smiled.  He knew at a time when he shouldn’t have known.  She also knew, as she smiled and blushed as well.  He looked deep in her intoxicating green eyes and was finally home.
	“I’m glad you came out,” he said as she approached.
	“Me, too,” she replied, although he was talking about agreeing to go out with him and she was referring to leaving the building.
	They kissed on the cheek and then hugged as Charise left the building and said to herself, “You go climb that mountain, girl.”
	They started walking down the street and Alex said, “I made a reservation down the block at Vesipio’s.”
	She smiled at him as they both reached out and instinctively held hands.  They were never apart again for the next 13 years…
	“Do you remember where we met?” Belinda asked Alex as they shared a quiet moment in the last days of her life.
	“Like it was yesterday,” the 38-year-old Alex replied to his wife, who was lying in a hospital bed in their bedroom.
	Her 18-month battle month battle with cancer was nearing an end, and that end would permanently take her away from her family.
	She was having a really good day, sort of like a moment of clarity after a rough couple of weeks.  It would be their final conversation.
	“Why did you choose me?” she asked.
	He smiled for one of the rare times in recent memory as a caretaker.
	“Isn’t it obvious?” he asked in return. “I just knew.”
	It was a first sight to last sight scenario where Alex had a chance to say hello as well as goodbye in what seemed like one deep breath.
	“I will always be with you,” she said.
	“And before he could mirror her sentiment she continued, “but you are going to have to move on.”
	“I can’t,” he replied.
	“You must,” she stated. “I know you are a hopeless romantic. You need love and I can’t give that to you anymore. I haven’t been able to do it for some time and it’s had a deep impact on you.”
	Alex had shed so many tears that he was running on empty in the surreal, but extremely painful, experience.
	“I would do it all again, but I’d rather it be me than you.”
	“I know,” she replied as they continued to hold hands, a practice that was seamless through the good and bad times.
	“Love is always the answer,” she said and he was thinking it at the same time.
	“I know,” he replied, acknowledging that he would continue to live on and make the most of his remaining days.
	Belinda had said what she was intended to say.  It would be her last words.  He looked into her eyes and the sparkle of green had faded.  The end was near.
	“You rest now, my love.” He kissed her gently on the forehead. “I will be with you again.”
	She closed her eyes and faded into the shadows, lying in the right corner of her dimly lit bedroom.  She was officially gone 12 hours later and he had never felt more alone in his life.  It was bittersweet.  Her struggle was finally over.  Her pain had been alleviated.  She was now shopping in heaven with an unlimited budget and baking her delectables for all to enjoy.	     
BELINDA & SALLIE 
Life contains a myriad of emotions to be experienced and then processed.  Alex was like a sponge, absorbing information and using the learnings to better his mindset and his life.  There was much to be learned in both life and death.
He had surfed through life from one relationship triangle to another, managing to stay on his board at times while wiping and tumbling through the depths on other occasions.  His last wipeout definitely left a mark.  Several marks and mental scars.
Alex had always been the initiator of every breakup, with the sole exception being Megan Alford. Sort of.  He actually broke up with her first, but he really didn’t mean it, and then she eviscerated him after the relationship ran its course.  This did severe damage to the 16-year-old by making him feel that life as he knew it was over.  He lived in the aggressive New York world of kill or be killed, and he figured that he better live by the sword instead of dying by it.  Alex was an empath and he was always scared of getting hurt, leaving himself exposed to harm after that.
It took him six months to move on from Megan, but a lifetime remaining tangled in the unsettled mess.  Things always stuck in his mind when they didn’t make sense.  When they hadn’t come to a logical conclusion.  He had relationships that were pretty much over before they started, but the relationship with Megan ended before it could really develop, leaving them both with a ‘what if’ kind of sensation.
He broke up with Sallie Owens several times, but he used such passive language as not to hurt her feelings.  Although she was misguided, her heart was in the right place and he didn’t see the wisdom in being mean.  The relationship remained on life support for more than two years, but the connection was basically severed when he left for college.
Alex continued to ride the curl through relationships with sexual dynamos, Kim Wallenburg and Jennie Feinberg.  Both women were short on conversation but long on creating physical compatibility and memories.  That worked for Alex in the short term, but it quickly fizzled after he woke up and realized that it fell short of a full, sustainable package.
That led him to Belinda Davidson, who became Belinda Davidson Winters.  They were married almost 10 years and knew each other nearly 13 years.  Being his longest and most serious relationship left Alex knowing that he was built to go the distance, although he was completely shattered in the process.  What started in his mid-20s ended in his late 30s.  There was still much life left in the hourglass, but Alex was still unsure if he would spend that time alone.
“Have you been sleeping at night?” his therapist, Theresa Bernardo, asked Alex in one of their sessions.
“I’ve been sleeping at all times of the day,” he replied and they both laughed.
‘There was a four-to-six-month period when I got maybe three or four hours of sleep a night when she was declining.”
“Sleep is a good thing,” she said. “It will give you the foundation you need to have the strength to take steps forward.”
Alex nodded, “I don’t see it yet. The way forward.”
“There’s no time limit I can give you,” Terri countered. “Everyone is different. It’s totally based on your comfort level. Your desire to start your life again. In the meantime, try to do small things, positive things, that bring you pleasure and joy.”
While it was helpful for Alex to talk to another human being, especially an impartial human being, real progress would be made through those positive actions, not words.  It was the story of Alex’s life.
He looked around his house and all he could see were white walls.  Belinda preferred white walls and to decorate on top of that blank canvas.  While he and Belinda agreed on many things, he saw the world in color.  So he went to Home Depot and brought home a bunch of color chips following the recommendation of a paint specialist.
Alex’s favorite color growing up was purple, but in later years he gravitated and became more in sync with the color blue and all of his hues.  To him, there was nothing more relaxing than a beautiful blue sky on a spring day.  He settled on Southampton Blue for his bedroom not for the status of the name but the substance of the color.  It made him feel calmer and more relaxed, and the enhanced moods and feelings were quite welcome.     
After the hours grew quiet after months of gut-wrenching chaos, Alex turned to meditation and yoga over high impact workouts he previously favorited.  Workouts that he was schooled that would be better for his health despite their degenerative bodily impact.  He sat in silence, guided by the calm of his own breath and sweating profusely while moving through positions against his own body weight.  Alex was also reading more Asian wisdom, which had him focusing more on tasks in the now rather than worrying about what his next steps would be.
Painting was a beautiful transitional pursuit for Alex since he was able to change his world for the better with each purposeful brush stroke.  An entire day went by and he had finished his bedroom with the window open for ventilation and music thumping for inspiration.  He went on to paint other rooms as well, in addition to the kitchen cabinets, which made each room pop when you walked in.
Alex felt a shift in his life.  Women looked at him differently.  Maybe he hadn’t seen it at first because he was in a fog, but Alex had a bullseye on his back.  He was seen as an escape hatch, a backup plan, an escape from the average married woman’s mundane existence.
This was about the time when Sallie Owens came back into his life.  She was married with a gaggle of young kids, but once she heard the news she was 18 again.  Sallie didn’t come to Belinda’s funeral because she didn’t hear about it until it was too late.  She knew Belinda had cancer, although the two had never met, and it didn’t really hit Sallie until she passed away.
“Did you hear the news?” Sallie’s mom, Pat, asked one day as Sallie dropped her kids off.
It always took Pat Owens a while to get to the point, but she was a nice lady who always meant well.
“What news, mom?” Sallie questioned, showing a bit of impatience trying to deal with her active kids.
Pat always really like Alex and she obviously knew the impact he had on her daughter, even to this day, a few decades after they were an item.  Pat hesitated, so Sallie looked up from organizing her kids’ supplies.  Her eyes welled, which made Sallie hesitate for a moment.  She knew her father was fine, so there were only a few things that could potentially generate that kind of emotional response.
The bond between mother and daughter was so strong that it transcended actual words. 
“She died, didn’t she?” was all that Sallie said, as her mom nodded and they met in a hug.  The Owens family was not usually a touchy-feely group who engaged in much physical contact.  So, when they hugged for more than five seconds, her boys grew concerned.
“What’s wrong, grandma’? the eldest boy asked when he saw her crying.  He hadn’t seen her cry before.
“Mom, are you okay,” the middle child asked as he tugged on her mom’s pant leg.
 “Yes, we’re okay,” Pat replied as she wiped the tears from her cheek. “Mommy’s friend is sad.”
“Is he gonna’ be okay?” the leg hugger asked.
Sallie looked at her mom and replied, “Yeah, it’s gonna’ be all right.”
What ‘all right’ meant was up for interpretation, although Alex’s happiness was not in direct connection with any of Sallie’s intentions or actions.
Sallie waited a week, maybe a week-and-a-half before going over to see Alex.  She had never left their hometown, but he had explored the big city with Belinda and then realized that his kids would benefit from growing up in a town he knew.  A decision he would regret in later years.
But, for the time being, Alex was out in plain sight, like a gazelle grazing in the middle of a field, around the block from where he grew up.  She thought about contacting his parents, who still hung over Alex like a dark cloud, but decided to take the more direct approach.  Alex had become estranged from his family prior to the cancer diagnosis, but they got back in and Sallie basically hoped for the same as a result of Alex’s vulnerability.
For some reason, Sallie didn’t like at like she was trying to take advantage of Alex.  She felt he could help him in ways that other people could not, including kids and opinionated parents.  He had already loved her in a way that no other man had loved her, and she thought that would be the best way to mend his broken heart.
When Sallie and Alex reconnected on that day, he was still in a fog of grief and she tried to be a beacon of light to help him sail through the harbor.
She pulled up to his house and decided to park in the driveway.  Most time when you drove to another person’s house, proper etiquette would be to park on the street, on the curb, since the driveway was primarily reserved for family members.  Sallie was brimming with confidence for some reason, after their brief phone call so she went for it.
“Hey,” she said after he picked up the phone and said nothing.
“Hello,” he replied as her voice failed to register familiarity.
She hadn’t received the memo that his brain was operating at a reduced capacity.
“I heard what happened. Are you all right?”
So many people had expressed their condolences in so many ways that Alex was not really listening anymore.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” he replied, as it was always difficult for him as a giver to ask for the support of others.  His relationship with his therapist was rooted in getting Melinda and the kids the support they needed.
Alex had still not considered who the person was on the phone.  It didn’t really matter to him, anyway.
“My mom told me about it.  She heard from my Aunt Birdie.”
Alex knew only one person who had an Aunt Birdie, even though the woman’s name was Beatrice.  He always thought she must have been quite fond of birds in order to deserve such a nickname.  In actuality, the woman’s nephew called her ‘Birdie’ at a young age because he thought that’s what people were calling her.  So, the name stuck.
“How is Aunt Birdie?” Alex asked as his voice perked up at a hint of familiarity. He was drowning and the only thing that kept him going were his kids.  A normal conversation was fairly constructive, if not impactful.
“She’s fine,” Sallie replied. “She had a back problem, but now she’s better.” And then she realized that he probably didn’t want to hear about other people’s problems.
It was a good thing that Sallie mentioned her aunt, or Alex would not have known he agreed to let come over the following morning.  There had been so many people coming and mostly going out of his house that it melted into a faceless conglomeration of souls.  Adding one more to the pile really didn’t matter to him, even if it was an ex-girlfriend who was acting as if she had dibs, the right of first refusal, a spot in front of the line to get involved in Alex’s romantic reboot.
Sallie showed up the next day and confidently exited the minivan, stopping to look at her dolled-up self in the reflection of the driver’s side window before extracting her three-year-old son from the back seat.
Alex’s three-year-old son was playing in his room and saw the vehicle pull into the driveway.  He didn’t recognize the person, so he went back to lining up his Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars by size and then color.  Alex forgot that Sallie was coming over at 10, which was a convenient time for both of them since they had to walk their eldest to school.
She knocked on the closed door, which in itself was a subtle gesture of him wanting to be left alone.  In normal times, whenever that was, the door would be left open, leaving only the storm or screen door as a barrier, unless the family was in the backyard or basement.
He was sitting in the kitchen doing nothing in particular, staring into the void of the window that overlooked the backyard.  Three life forces reacted at the sound of the ringing doorbell: Alex broke out of his trance momentarily, his dog jumped up and waited for him to move and his son parked a car and then ran out into the hallway to see what was up.
Alex opened the door and didn’t bother to ask, “Who is it?” since he was the height of a sequoia and didn’t really give a shit.  He hadn’t see Sallie since his senior year of college when she made quick work of Kim Wallenburg and her teammates more than 15 years earlier.
Sallie had always appreciated the confident and full-of-life Alex and was surprised to see him so deflated.  But his vulnerability made her want him more, if it was possible, and left her feeling the most in charge since the first time they kissed.
“Hey!” she exclaimed and he returned with the best “Hey!” he could muster.  The golden retriever wagged her tail and car parking boy ran back into his room.
“He looks just like you!” Sallie said.
“So does he,” Alex said. “What’s your name?”
The kid looked around and then darted into his son’s room where the two boys kept themselves busy.
“Is that okay?” Sallie asked and she and Alex exchanged cheek kisses, much as he had done with most of the guests at his house, whether he knew them well or not.  She thought about hugging him, but he pulled back and didn’t leave an opening for the opportunity.
They walked into the den, which was right around the corner from the front door and they sat on a couch that was a two-seater.  There were toys on the bigger couch and he had no strength to deal with that shit, so he took the easy way out.  Or so he thought.
“This house is so much bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside,” since room was essential in order to give her delusional master plan a chance.
Sallie avoided finesse and dove right into the deep end of the emotional pool.
“I’ve been thinking about you.”
“Thanks,” he replied, not grasping the depth of her feelings.
“Are you going to the reunion?” she asked, since high school was her one and only point of reference.
“He looked at her and squinted, “What reunion?”
“You know, our 20th high school reunion,” she said, trying to zoom back to that time period with warp speed.
“Is that happening?” he asked.
And while Sallie was a familiar person who he had a history with, and many people he knew gave him the familiarity he craved amid the life crash, he started running away as she continued to pursue.
“Yeah, it’s gonna’ be in May or June, but they haven’t sent out the invite yet.”
Alex thought it might be great to catch up like his teammates and other peers, although he lived in his hometown and had exposure to familiar faces with great regularity.
That was pretty much the end of the conversation, thanks to the two boys who tired of each other and wanted to monopolize their parents’ time.  But it didn’t stop Sallie from trying to make excessive and inappropriate leg and hand contact with Alex, which made him feel uncomfortable so he stood up, dealt with his son and then sat back down on the bogger couch after moving the toys.
The dance where she pursued and he avoided went on for another 10 minutes until Alex said, “Sorry, but there are a few things that I have to do today,” including going to the bank and taking a nap before his high maintenance daughter had to be picked up at school.
“We should do this again,” she said and then hugged him without hesitation or trepidation.
Alex looked down at his son who didn’t appear too jazzed about the idea after the other kid touched his shit and tried to rearrange his cars.
“Yeah,” was all that Alex said. “Thanks for coming by,” he added, which was something he said to every random warm body who came to his house.
“Any time,” she stated as her son grew impatient and whined, “Mom, let’s go!”
It was a case of fantasy speeding ahead until it the brick wall of reality. 
Sallie & MEGAN 
	As the weeks went by, Sally tried to stay in touch with Alex as he slowly came out of his cocoon.  The reunion was set and Alex agreed to go even before Sally chimed in and forwarded him the email invite.
	She watched the list of people who were attending like a hawk after Alex added his name to the roster.  The one name that hadn’t popped up was Megan Alford, who was Sallie’s kryptonite in her battle to board the SS Alex.
	The reunion was scheduled for Saturday, May 29, at a hotel in the area.  It was actually one of the nicer resorts on the island, complete with country club and golf course.  Alex went through so many months without drinking since his mid-20s sobriety, and his strength and clarity were the only thing keeping the family together at times.  He could have attended the reunion, which officially began at 7:30 p.m., and then simply driven home at the end of the night.  But, he hadn’t experienced a day off in more than a year and it was finally time to unplug.
	It had been four months since Belinda took her last breath, and Alex was starting to think about what the future would look like.  His loss of faith had damaged his view of the happy ending, which did significant damage to his ability love, to truly love.
	Alex booked a suite at the hotel and arrived earlier in the day to play a round of golf with a few classmates.  They also had the same idea to crash at the hotel following the festivities.  Easing into the day was a great idea and seemed to calm much of the nerves associated with such a watershed event.
	The golf was mediocre as usual, but the byplay was outstanding.  They ate a late lunch and then Alex went back to his room and took a dead-sleeping nap for more than three hours.  He hadn’t slept like that in years.  No calls.  No distractions.  No emergencies.  No kids or dogs splintering his attention.  Most of all, he had no worries.  Anxiety had always been a big part of his world growing up in chaos, but it had got progressively worse in recent years for obvious reasons.
	It was the first day that he felt the clouds clearing and the warmth of the sun radiating in him unabated.  He awoke just after 6:00 p.m. and decided to slowly get ready for the party, the celebration, the honor of making it 20 years from graduation, which was an accomplishment in itself.  
	The reunion would also be a time to measure where you were in life.  Most people looked at it like a measuring stick, forming an opinion based on where they were in life relative to their classmates.  Alex, in contrast, was just happy to be out of the house with people he knew, that were familiar, that could read his mind without actually talking.
	It was 6:45 p.m. and Sallie Owens was getting anxious.  She was already scouring the lobby and talking some friends who had either arrived or were staying at the hotel for the night and had been hanging around.  Sallie had encouraged the organizers to make it a no-spouse/guest event where it would simply be classmates hanging with classmates.  Of course, her intentions were purely selfish in their origin.
	By seven o’clock she had become unhinged.  She strode up to the front desk and asked, “What room is Alex Winters in?”
	“Let me buzz him,” the girl said so she could make sure that Mr. Winters wanted aggressive visitors.
	Alex had exited the shower moments earlier, letting the warm water cascade down his body for 20 minutes while organizing his thoughts.  Meditation had been paying off in helping him clear the way of bothersome obstructions.  See the next step and the one after that.  There was nothing top of mind but letting the events flow as they may.  He had no agenda other than to mentally avoid Sally Owens, who he could feel her intentions from miles away.  He was not happy that she tried to play on his weakness like other people he had jettisoned from his life once he started feeling like Alex again.
	He had a pair of boxer shorts on when he heard the phone ring.
	“Hello.”
	“Good evening, Mr. Winters, this is Charlotte from the front desk. I have a Mrs.…” she covered the phone and Sallie said, “Owens,” so she said, “Owens here. Should I let her up?”
	Alex rolled his eyes because he didn’t give a shit.
	“Yeah, please give me five minutes. Thanks for calling Charlotte.”
	“Very good, sir.”
	Charlotte smiled and hung up the phone.
	“Mr. Winters is in Suite 4 on the Concierge Level. He requested that you go up in five minutes.”
	Sally thought she had waited long enough.
	It had been a string of late night parties with drink people asking stupid questions, and it was starting to make Charlotte nervous, a bit jumpy.  But she pressed on…
	Alex didn’t want to be half-naked when Sallie arrive, because she would surely get the wrong idea.  Hell, he felt that when he was fully clothed she got the wrong idea.  He put on his suit pants and a t-shirt under his dress shirt, just as he did for years going to work in the big city.  He was still hot from all of the steam, so he opened the front door and slipped the top lock in between so she let herself in.
	She knocked on the door as he buttoned his shirt and then tucked it in.  
	“It’s open!” he yelled as he gathered his belt, socks and tie and then walked out into the suite where it was much cooler since he put the air conditioner on.  He sat in a tub chair and put on his socks as she stood menacingly in the suite.
	“Hey!” he said.
	“Hey to you!” she exclaimed. “Can you believe it’s been 20 years?” she asked, as if prompted by a guide of what you should say at a twentieth reunion.
	He thought, “Fuck yeah! It feels like 50 years!”
	Alex slipped his dress shoes on and then stood up to greet her in a cheek-to-cheek kiss.
	He then walked to a mirror and slipped his tie on, securing it properly the first time, and then sliding on his suit jacket.  Alex no longer wore watches because he felt that time didn’t matter as much anymore. It was what he did with his life on a daily basis that mattered more.  He also left his cell phone in his bag because he didn’t want to be disturbed or distracted.  He left instructions that the front desk of the hotel was to be called in case of emergency.  He had called his kids moments earlier and told them he loved them and blew them kisses goodnight.  They weren’t used to their father focusing on something other than them, but that’s they was it was for a night.  He had earned at least that.
	Sallie looked at Alex like he was a hot fudge sundae or a juicy steak, depending on your personal preference.  He didn’t like it.  He often wondered why a mother of three with a husband would be looking for a jumping off point.  In fact, there was a variety of women within five or six years of his age, with kids and husbands, who had tried and failed to make a run at him. 
	He wondered, “Are people so miserable that when the first asshole who has proven he can remain married for 10 years becomes available, they contemplate their own existence and consider blowing up their lives?” And then he thought, “Is it the widower thing? Oh my god, it’s the widower thing! I’ve been a good, loyal guy all this time, but it’s the widower thing!”
	But he couldn’t use Sallie Owens as barometer.  She always looked at him as if she were a dog and he was a fire hydrant.
	“I remember when you guys would wear suite before games,” she said, referring to the basketball team wearing suits all day in school before a game. 
	He didn’t want to talk about the past, at least not with her.  The night was all about the past, but not with her.  He managed to keep her at bay all night.  She tried to breach his no fly zone repeatedly, but he was having none of it.  It was like they were back in eleventh grade and the beginning of twelfth grade all over again.  Sallie was on the outside looking in, yet her delusion would not allow her to give up.
	After all, she thought, I did it once before and I can do it again.  This time, of course, saddled with a husband and three kids on her back.
	It was now 7:20 p.m. and Sallie was desperate to be seen with Alex, but he pulled a fast one as they emerged from the elevator.  He had been in the hotel all day and used that prior knowledge to plan a quick escape.  She bounded out of the elevator and he said, “I have to use the bathroom,” and he quickly turned left to safety.
	He did venture into the bathroom but only to check his appearance.  He made a few adjustments to his tie and jacket and then realized that he was single for the first time in years.  The wedding ring that still resided on his left hand spoke to the contrary.  He looked into the mirror deep into his soul and decided it was time to retire the band of commitment.  At least this band of commitment.
	The ring was on pretty good.  He tried to pry it off without success, so he resorted to soap and water and that did the trick.  It would have been a bit creepy to carry it around on his person all night, so he went back upstairs to his room and put it in his toiletry carrier for safe keeping.
	Meanwhile, the room was filling up downstairs with alumni while Alex sat in his suite and composed himself for a few minutes.  His initial readying process was hurried by the antsy arrival of Sallie, so he was able to complete the do-over his way.  He closed his eyes and genuinely relaxed, as all worries and concerns melted away again.
	Megan Alford debated for weeks about attending her high school reunion.  She had already been married and experienced a messy divorce, leaving her with a wonderful daughter as a companion who she adored.  Megan didn’t want to leave Jessie even for a night, since the drive from Vermont would be almost impossible to complete in such a time frame.
	There was much chatter leading up to May 29, but she was focused on one attendee and another who had not committed yet.  Megan’s destructive relationship pattern had her careening from one abusive relationship to another after things with Alex didn’t work out.  Her relationship with Royce Franklin had Alex in knots the last year-and-a-half of high school.  He often put the relationship in Alex’s face by kissing Megan right in front of him, and they got into serious fights any time he saw Megan talking to Alex, which was not very often.
	Megan did not want to see Royce, so she didn’t publicly accept the reunion invitation for fear that he would see it.  Two days before the reunion, Megan got word that Royce was up to his old tricks and locked up because of a domestic violence charge.  The woman he had injured while drunk had been hospitalized in the intensive care unit and would not see daylight anytime soon.  This also meant that Royce would not see daylight anytime soon.
	So, Megan packed up her Subaru and left Vermont on the day of the reunion with her daughter.  She had not made a reservation at the hotel or paid the reunion admission fee, but she was on her way.
	Alex was done meditating and realigning his energy, so he headed downstairs at about 7:44 p.m.  He thought it would be nice to spend time with old friends, as the elevator came to a stop on the main floor.  The doors opened and he walked out.  He looked to his left and then turned to his right and was about to take a few steps forward, but that was not to be.
	“Hey!” he exclaimed at the sight of a very familiar face.
	She looked him over and had a flashback of Alex wearing a suit on game days in high school, much as Sallie had imagined previously.  He walked toward Megan and her daughter.  Megan not able to move or speak.  The emotion of her collective experience was overwhelming.
	He hugged her and said, “It’s really good to see you.”
	“Thanks,” she replied because she didn’t know what to say for a change.
	“And who is this?” he smiled and said to her seven-year-old daughter.
	The apple didn’t fall far from the tree.
	“I’m Sam. It’s short for Samantha.”
	“It’s a pleasure to meet you Sam, short for Samantha. I’m Alex.”
	They shook hands.
	“You’re really tall,” spunky Samantha said. “Did you play basketball?”
	He looked at Megan and then smiled, “As a matter of fact I did, but now I just change light bulbs in the ceiling,” he joked and she laughed as he reached high above his head s Megan finally took a deep breath.
	“Are you going in?” he asked Megan.
	“I have to find a place to park Sam,” she replied, which implied that she didn’t have a hotel room.
	Alex didn’t hesitate and honestly, he would have done the same for most of his well-behaved classmates.
	“Do you want to let her hang upstairs?” he asked. “I have plenty of room.”
	And before Megan could object, they were riding the elevator back upstairs.
	“This is me,” Alex said as they reached his room and he slid his keycard in the slot as the green light flashed.  They walked into the suite and Sam said, “Wow! This is cool!”
	“There are two TVs. One on the here and another in the bedroom,” Alex said and Same raced to the bedroom and jumped on the king bed.  She turned on the TV and sat on her stomach sprawled on the bed.
	“Did you take off your shoes?” mom bellowed.
	“Yes!” Same replied as she removed her sneakers.
	Alex thought ahead and asked, “Is she hungry?” as he picked up the room service menu.
	“She’s always hungry,” Megan replied. “But…”
	Alex put up his hand and said, “It’s my pleasure. You should be able to relax tonight.”
	“Grilled cheese and fried,” Megan said and then Sam exclaimed from the next room, “And an ice cream sundae!”
	“That should keep her busy for a while,” Megan joked.
	Alex called room service and then they sat in the suite to catch up.  It had been more than 20 years since they talked, really talked, and even then the conversation was fairly shallow.
	“I can’t believe I’m here,” she said.
	He smiled, “It’s good to be anywhere.”
	“Yeah, I agree. I’m sorry to hear about your wife.  Ow old are your kids?’
	“Six and three,” he replied. “Everybody’s sorry, but thanks. I’m starting to feel like me again, whatever that is.”
	Alex knew nothing about Megan’s past, other than he run-ins with Royce in high school.
	“Are you okay?” he asked, leaving the question open for to explore the space at her own pace.  Years of being apart had not dulled his ability to read her.
	“We’re doing better,” she replied as she remembered the days when Alex would asked her the same question long after they were broken up.
	“Good for you. Keep moving forward. You gotta’ keep moving forward or the lack of hope will suffocate you.”
	She seemed to hesitate because she didn’t want to talk in front of all-hearing Sam.
	“We’ll talk later over a few beers if you want,” he added.
	“You drink now?” she asked since it contrasted with his squeaky-clean past.
	“My nickname is college was the sponge, so I changed my ways once I escaped from home,” he replied.
	The room service waiter knocked on the door and brought a tray in the room for a hungry princess.
	“Good evening. Are you with the reunion party?” he asked.
	“Yes,” Alex replied.
	“Where would you like me to set this up?” the waiter asked.
	“You can put it on the table,” Alex said and then signed the bill and left a generous tip.
	“Thank you, sir,” the man said. “Will there be anything else?”
	Alex looked at Megan and she said, “No.”
	“We might be calling you later after she buzzes through this,” he joked and the man left.
	“Sam, food’s here!” Megan exclaimed, as her daughter came racing in from the bedroom.
	Sam started munching on the fries when Megan said, “Say thank you to Mr. Winters.”
	“Thank you, Alex!”
	Alex stood up after Sam started eating.
	“It looks like you have everything under control here,” he said and then reached into his pocket and pulled out one of the key cards.
	“Why don’t you take one of these and come down when you’re ready.  And hold on to it so you don’t have to hunt me down when you want to check on her.”
	She nodded and he nodded back as he left the room.
	“I like him,” Sam said to her mother with a full face of food.
	Megan sat down in stunned silence and didn’t have a comeback for her daughter other than, “Yeah.”
	Alex went downstairs to the front desk of the reunion check in.  Name tags were optional, so Alex decided that it was an option he didn’t need.  He said to the woman he was vaguely familiar with, “Megan Alford decided to attend, so I want to make sure she’s taken of,” he said as he handed her his credit card.
	“Should I tell her you paid for it?” 
	Alex replied, “That won’t be necessary.’
	And then he walked into the room and it immediately pleased his senses.  He had thoughts that moment, as his brain flashed ahead in time, that he would one day be married at the hotel and have a wedding party there.  And it would happen two years later. 
BELINDA & MELANIE
	The act of taking his wedding ring off proved to be more emblematic than symbolic of how Alex was really feeling.  The reunion was a lot of fun for everyone, as the beer was flowing and the conversation was lively until the wee hours of the morning.  The eventual arrival of Megan Alford definitely did not makes Sallie’s evening, especially when she saw her sitting with Alex on a few occasions and it looked like they were getting along.
	It was about 1:00 a.m. when Megan came up to Alex and said, “Sam is already sleeping in your bed.”
	“Then you should join her,” Alex replied. “I’ll take the couch whenever I get up there.”
	She said her goodbyes, as Sallie watched her leaving alone, not realizing that she was staying in Alex’s room.  A few minutes later, Alex walked to the front desk and had a chat with a guy who was working the overnight shift.  The guy smiled and handed him a couple of slips of paper and Alex thanked him for the gesture.
	He went up the suite after 3:00 a.m. and got a few hours of sleep before slipping out.  He wrote the following note and left it on the big table in the suite:
	Megan,
It was great seeing you again! I’m glad we had a chance to catch up and meet Megan, Jr. Feel free to check out of the hotel when you want and use these coupons for a free brunch.
One day at a time…

With love,
Alex
 
	Megan smiled when she read it.  The thing she remembered about Alex was that he was a gentleman and he was also happy that they got a chance to talk so they could both move on in their lives.  She and her daughter enjoyed the brunch, but her daughter was in heaven after being introduced to her first all-you-can-eat buffet.  After a brief rest, Megan took her daughter swimming in the hotel’s pool.  They took showers and then enjoyed a relaxing drive home where Sam slept like a baby with a stomach-full of food.  Megan and Alex never talked again.  They didn’t have to.
	After repeated attempts by Sallie to connect, Alex finally told Sallie that she had to move on.  It was the first time he had been abrupt with her and they never spoke again.
	Alex had finally cleared the table of his emotional past and was finally ready to see who would be standing next to him at the hotel resort.  Alex wasn’t the most patient person when he set his sights on something, but he also wasn’t going to make a rash decision.
	Megan Alford was not in Alex’s future and neither was Sallie Owens.  The other women his age were also out because he wanted more. Much more.  He started going in dates.  Dates that were pretty much over before they began.  He knew what he wanted and, even better, he knew what he didn’t want.  What he didn’t want was a casual fling or taking his time to get to know another person.  “Love doesn’t bloom,” he thought, “it’s either there from the jump or it isn’t.”
	People weren’t going to gain access to Alex’s little world if it wasn’t for keeps.  There would be no more Sallie Owens of Kim Wallenburg type relationships.  Although, for Sallie’s part, she would have signed up for that shit for life if Alex were offering.  But he wasn’t.  He wanted love like he had with Belinda, whose legend might have grown in her passing.  It was the spontaneous combustion, the feeling of complete certainty, that Alex once again demanded.  Anything less would be a pass.
	He passed on three women, going on two dates with one woman and only one date with the other two.  Alex said thanks but no thanks to a woman and she seemed to want him more after not really seeming interested on the date.  It must have been the theory of rejection, where a self-centered person doesn’t like to hear the word ‘no’.   Alex just didn’t see it.
	He did have a second date with the first woman, who agreed to a second date because she was hungry and wanted to take him to dating school.
	“You know, it’s a lot,” she said while munching on a sandwich during lunch.
	At first he thought she was talking about the sandwich, but she seemed to be holding her own, so he inquired, “What’s a lot?”
	She swallowed, “Your life.”
	He processed the new information and replied, “Maybe for you.”
	The woman was in her early 30s and had never been married, which in her case also meant that she didn’t have any kids.
	The typical New Yorker countered, “For a lot of people.”
	“I don’t want to be with a lot of people. Just one person,” he countered.  
	She took a break for a minute from her rigorous lunch crusade.  This woman either had a tight window to eat or she was raised by a pack of wolves.
	She smirked, “By your intensity, I have no doubt that you will find what you’re looking for.”
	Prior to a date with the perspective fourth person, Alex decided to change his view slightly, being that insanity can be defined by repeated the same behavior and expecting varied results.  A slight adjustment meant that he was now opening the search to women under 30, but not too far under 30.  He believed that this group would have retained some of the luster that the older generation now missed.  A group who life had fucked with minimally enough that they still believed, still had faith in happy endings.
	Melanie Summers was that woman.  Life had dealt her an uneven hand with losses that seemed unsurmountable to overcome.  But she kept coming.  She hadn’t found her comfort zone in life, but she kept moving forward.  In groups, she was always the life of the party despite remaining the most sober person in the room.  People told her their deepest, darkest secrets because they knew she would listen and not blab it to anyone.  She was THAT woman.
	Alex knew it from the moment he saw her picture, the face of an angel.  He saw the future in her eyes but, in turn, he scared the shit out of her.  It was easy for her to be on the dating scene and meet people who were sparkless.  There was nothing ventured and nothing gained, but it was very net and predictable.  Predictable was good.  Leaving things to chance generally didn’t work out in her world.  Losing people happened and he was frightened to throw herself into anything with the possibility of loss.
	Melanie knew the moment Alex showed interest that something was different.  She freaked out a bit after she looked at his profile picture.  They talked a few times and those conversations went so well the words had no real beginning, middle or end.  It was an easy flowing stream of consciousness that lasted more than eight hours, where the subject matter wasn’t as important as the great vibe.
	They agreed to meet on Saturday night, him coming in to see her.  Alex felt completely calm and sure of what was to happen.  He was much more composed leading up to the date than the moments before he met Belinda.  Back then, he hadn’t seen a picture and he was truly going into the date with Belinda blind.  Alex and Belinda only a spoke a few minutes on the phone prior to the first date as well.  She was all business, setting the time and location of the meeting.
	This time around, Alex went all the way to Melanie’s apartment, she becoming more nervous and less outgoing with each passing moment.  He pushed her apartment number button once in the lobby and she walked from the bathroom to the communications system near the front bedroom of the one bedroom apartment.  
	She pushed a button to view video, a system that was put in place to prevent intruders, and her eyes widened.
	“Come up. I’ll leave the door open,” she said as she opened the front door and then turned the lock so it would stay open.
	She grunted, “Fuck!” as she scurried back into the bathroom to hide from her future.  
	It was easy to anticipate disappointment but was proving more difficult to face things when they actually worked out.  Melanie had female friends she would talk to for hours, but she had never experience such comfort with someone she also wanted to jump.
	He walked into the apartment and said, “Hello!” Alex unlocked the door and then closed it.
	She was busy with her mascara and replied, “I’ll be out in a minute!”
	He said, “Take your time,” since he had all the time in the world.
	Five minutes went by and he walked around the common area of the one bedroom apartment and looked at some of her pictures, which included a few with her grandma’ and deceased father.
	“This is a great apartment,” he said, realizing she was nervous and it would be helpful to ease her burden with some light conversation.
	“Yeah, I love it,” she replied. “I just moved in a few months ago.”
	And then he thought, “That’s nice, but I wouldn’t get too comfortable.”
	And she thought, “But I get the feeling that I shouldn’t get too comfortable.”
	Another five minutes passed and he said, “All right, if you don’t come out, I’m coming in there.”
	And then she came out.  Their worlds changed forever.
	She smiled and blushed and he smiled and said, “You look great!” like it wasn’t the first time they met.
	“Thanks!’ she replied and they hugged like kindred souls do.
	Two hours later, after walking around and grabbing a bite to eat, they were sitting next to each other in the planetarium, the urge for two bodies to become one becoming overwhelming.  A room full of people under the stars was the perfect place for a first kiss.  A first kiss that lasted more than 30 minutes.  The kiss lasted so long that when they finally came up for air, the room was empty.
	Alex said, “Where did everyone go?” 
	It didn’t really matter, so they picked up where they left off and that first date never seemed to end. 
MELANIE & RACHEL
	Twenty-two years and many impactful kisses later, their relationship was just as strong and intense as when they first met.  Melanie and Alex loved being together and never tired of each other’s company.
	One Saturday morning, Alex went out to the post office to send out some packages that Melanie wanted him to mail before the branch closed at noon.  She would sell items she acquired over the years and loved to send care packages to people she knew.  In an era where texting and social media had taken over the planet, Melanie liked to mix some old school card writing and parcel sending along with the immediate gratification stuff.
	She was now 50 years old, which was the same age when her father dies suddenly from congestive heart failure.  Perhaps it didn’t really matter what she did since her fate was sealed most likely from the time she was conceived. 
	Alex left at 11:45 a.m., kissing his wife repeatedly.
	“I love you,” he said, and he meant it every time he said it. “See you in a few seconds,” as they kissed again.
	“Thanks for taking my packages. “Love you!” she replied.
	“Any time,” he said as he walked out the front door.
	Alex got in his car and then drove out of the enclosure, closing the door behind him.  After Belinda died, he had a foreshadowing when he looked up at the stars and saw three bright stars in a row.  The thought that immediately came to mind was that he would marry and lose three times.  Three loves of his life.  The unsettling feeling of such an outcome hovering over his daily life.  But that never defined him from surrendering his heart when love came knocking.
	Melanie had been slower, more tired than usual leading up to this day.  She had visited a doctor and to no surprise she uncovered nothing.  The medical profession preferring to capitalize on the weak instead of below the surface in an industry being driven by pharmaceuticals instead of proactive health management for humans.  Alex had never been in a hospital in his life for this own medical condition, despite a few episodes that could have easily landed him in a hospital bed.
	When he walked through the front door and proudly exclaimed, “I’m home!” she did not answer.  This happened on occasion Melanie was on the phone or in the bathroom, so he pressed on, walking through the kitchen and seeing the refrigerator door open.
	“Melanie?!” he yelled, as his voice rang a tinge of concern.
	And then he walked beyond the counter and saw her laying motionless on the floor, a bottle of water having emptied its contents on the wood floor near her right hand.  Alex raced over and bounded to the floor, her skin feeling cool and clammy.  He touched her wrist and then her neck and felt no pulse.  His mind then left his body and a surreal scene unfolded as he watched from above.  Alex located his cell phone and called 9-1-1 without hesitation.
	“9-1-1, what’s your emergency?”
	“My wife! It’s my wife!” Alex blurted. “I went to the post office and came back. She’s on the floor and has no pulse. She’s cold.”
	The dispatcher asked for his name and address and provided it.
	“Should I give her CPR?” he asked.
	“You can try,” the woman said. “Let me guide you through it. First unlock your front door and then we’ll get started.”
	Alex followed her instructions and when she didn’t respond he hung up the phone and realized that he had only a few moments left with her.  He also realized that her spirit, her soul, was no longer in her body, so he held her hand, kissed it, and looked up to the sky.  He was in too much shock to cry yet.
	“We’ll always find each other. We always did, whether in this life, lives before, or ones to come. They can never separate us.”
	The paramedics burst through the door and yelled, “Mr. Winters?!”
	“I’m in here!” he grunted as the introduction of other people made him more emotional and tears started streaming down his cheeks.
	They tried to revive her but it was too late.
	“It appears she had a massive coronary event,” one of the EMTs said. “We see this quite often, being that heart disease is the number one cause of death in this country.”
	Forty minutes later, Melanie was gone in the physical sense but her aura hung around to blanket him with love and comfort.  And he felt it.  Just as Belinda hung around until he made the connection with Melanie, so too would Melanie until he connected with the third star.
	Alex rose from his perch at the beach and took a stroll on the boardwalk.  He had loved and he had lost, but the one thing that kept resonating was that he never settled.  He could have taken the easy way, the short cut, several times during his years.  This was never more evident with his final relationship, which would also be his longest relationship.
	Being widowed at the age of 60 was a more common occurrence than it happening before the age of 40.  But being a two-time widower was a distinction rarely achieved by many men.  He didn’t want to talk about it.  Alex thought, “What is there to say that hasn’t already been said?”
	He was faced with the same question, “What do I do from here?”
	In a self-response, Alex felt he had only two options:
1.Fold up and live in isolation
2.Get the fuck up and live again
Option one was easy.  It was a path many people chose.  There was no risk on the surface.  Most people thought, “If I don’t put myself out there, if I’m not vulnerable, then I won’t get hurt again.”
Playing devil’s advocate, you also can’t love again, he thought.  You can’t feel the exhilaration of another person’s skin against yours.  You can’t go to sleep at night with the knowledge that the person next to you loves you as much as you love them.  That your life means as much as their life and vice versa.
No, love was always the answer.  It was the reason that Alex got up every morning with the thought of conquering the world.  It was the foundational element that helped ease the collective burden of his life.
So, after a period of shock and mourning, which surprisingly lasted much longer than the first time, Alex opened his mind and heart again.  He always wondered what the difference would be between sudden death and one you had time to prepare for.  And then he found out.  And it hurt.  
Since he had no kids to take care of, and he had no significant bills to pay other than utilities, so he took almost a year of ‘me’ time.  There was no backtracking or dipping into past loves.  No trying to reconnect with people based on familiarity.  That ship had clearly sailed decades earlier.
Alex also made a mental commitment to narrow his circle of pain.  He wanted nothing to do with being crushed by the sum total of his sorrow, grief and upset.  While he was never going to forget, he chose to remember the good times over scenes that scarred.  He envisioned Belinda with a full head of hair and her glowing green eyes.  Melanie was so vibrant and loving, her beauty overflowing on a daily basis.
He always harkened back to one of his first bosses, who borrowed a saying, “When you least expect it, expect it.”  While the woman was a raving lunatic and a complete asshole, Alex chose to take one of the few, rare moments of positivity with him.
This was a different situation for Alex, since he made a conscious decision not to date.  His preferred method was natural selection, where two kindred spirits would find each other.  They had to find each other.  He was putting his notion of true love to the ultimate test and he was considerably more patient this time around.  But his eyes and ears were always open. Always.  
Alex had a renewed enthusiasm to volunteer.  To help others instead of directly thinking only of enriching his own status.  By giving his time and teaching kids, he was indirectly enriching his won life.  He couldn’t grasp how much this opportunity would change his life.
There was an experimental charter school in town that had just come into existence after years of debate.  The school was limited to 360 students and spanned grades one through 12, with approximately 30 children in each grade.  While there was a core staff of teachers hired, the school was soliciting professionals to fill the curriculum gaps in subject areas such as math, science, technology, art, communications, business and writing.
Word got out to the local businesses and the response was luke-warm, so further accommodations had to be made.
The school’s headmaster scheduled interviews with a handful of professionals who expressed interest.  The first four interviews netted potential math, science, technology and janitorial volunteers, which left the headmaster feeling confident that number five would be able to make an impact after reviewing his resume.
“Okay,” she asked her assistant who was a former teacher in semi-retirement.
“I am,” Alex said as he rose from a wood bench that was partially obscured by a large and high counter.
The headmaster eyeballed Alex from below her to above her and for one of the rare times she was frozen in her tracks.
He looked at her and was in cement shoes as well.
Helen Shore looked at her boss and then the man in the suit and said, “Headmaster Sorenson, this is Alex Winters.”
She popped out of her trance and so did he as they walked toward each other.
“Rachel Sorenson,” she said as she extended her right arm and her length surprised Alex.
“Alex Winters,” he said, as he was almost eye-to-eye with the 5’11” Sorenson, who had used her height to gain authority.
She had conducted the first four interviews in a more formal nature in her office but decided to shake things up a bit with her last candidate.  Rachel didn’t continue with the formalities, such as discussing his resume and background, as she walked toward the front door of the office and he opened it.
She nodded, “Thank you.”
He replied, “It’s my pleasure,” as they walked out of the office and 72-year-old Helen muttered, “If she doesn’t lock that shit down, I will.”
The strolled around the empty hallways until they came upon the gym.
“You look like you’ve been in a few of these,” she said and he smiled, “Probably too many.”
At 52 years of age, Rachel Sorenson had quite a career in education, starting as a high school gym teacher out of college and then teaching in the classroom and at levels before landing a string of high profile Vice Principal and Principal jobs.  She had been Superintendent of the school system the past three years before agreeing to take on the new school with an inclusive format that she developed.
“So, what subjects are you interested in?” she asked, already knowing the answer.
He smiled as he picked up a basketball, “Why don’t you tell me.”
She smiled back, “You’re a writer, but you’ve worked in the financial sector mot of your career and have an extensive communications background. I saw that you also taught elementary school for a few years. May I ask, what happened there?”
Alex was always direct.
“My first wife died of cancer and my kids were young at the time,” he replied.
“Oh, shit! I’m sorry!” she exclaimed.
“Thanks, but that’s a common question,” he replied as he spun the ball off the backboard and through the net.
“It’s like riding a bike, but this is easier,” he added to cut any tension. “I recently tried to ride a bike and that wasn’t easy All that muscle memory was gone.”
“Long legs also make it difficult,” she replied.
“Make a shot from there and I’ll teach writing, business and communications,” he challenged.
She laughed, “You know this is my house, right? And you were going to teach those subjects anyway.”
Rachel slipped her heels off and then took her suit jacket off and folded it neatly on top of the shoes.
“Anything else you need to remove?” he joked.
“No, I’m good,” she confidently replied as she put up her right hand and effectively called for the ball. “Do I get a practice shot?” she said like a true player.
“The way you caught that ball, if I didn’t know any better I would think I’m being hustled. Let’s raise the stakes. Are you hungry?”
“Sure, I can eat,” she replied.
“Make it and you pick where we go, miss it and I’ll probably still let you pick the restaurant.”
Devilish grin was followed by a dribble through the legs and then she released the ball and they both knew it was in before it splashed through the net.
HE walked over to her and picked up her jacket and held her left hand as she slipped her shoes back on.  Then he held her jacket while she slipped it back on.
“Thanks,” she said.
“No, thank you,” he replied as they bumped fists. “What else are you good at?’
She smirked and jumped out of professional character, “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
They started walked out of the gym and he replied, “Yeah, it could be fun.”
“Could be fun?” she jabbed.
He smiled as they looked at each other, “Will be fun.”
They went to lunch a few minutes later, two athletes who received full athletic scholarships to college and also made good in their careers.  But, neither had rings on their left hands and it was quite noticeable.  Alex reached with his left hand out once they were settled at the table and held her right hand.   She stopped looking at the menu and asked the question that was top of her mind.
“How long ago?” she inquired.
He knew what she was referring to and was happy to take the lead.
“Which time?” he replied while making complete eye contact.
“What do you mean?” she asked as her heart dropped. “I keep walking into this with my foot in my mouth.”
“It’s okay,” he replied. “Well, the first time I told you about and that was over 20 years ago. And my second wife of 20-plus years died of congenital heart failure about a year ago. She had a family history.”
She grabbed his hand tighter, “Oh my god. You poor man.”
“I’m still here and this still works,” tapping his heart with his free hand.
She moved in and they kissed as the waiter backed off after taking a few initial steps toward the table.
“My husband divorced me after I couldn’t have kids. That’s when I dove deeper into education. Now I have more kids than I know what to do with.”
They kissed again. “And I’m taller than most guys when I wear heels and that doesn’t make me feel safe.”
They remained close together, “Feel safe now?” he asked.
“Oh, most definitely,” she replied as they kissed again and then held hands until lunch was delivered.
Their lives became seamlessly integrated after that.  Alex and Rachel moved in together two weeks later and then got married later that month.  He sold his house and moved in with her, since the house he owned was the one that he and Belinda bought and lived in.  It was time to move on for all involved, including Melanie’s spirit.
Alex and Rachel became a power couple in education, achieving local, national then international success with Rachel’s unique educational format.  They profited by selling the concept, including curriculum, to an education company listed on the New York Stock Exchange for $550 million.  Rachel was 70 years old at the time and Alex was 78.  The company that bought them out was located in San Diego, California, so they moved since they were still the faces of the company.  They were paid a $1 million per year each to do some consulting work for the company in their semi-retirement. 
They lived happily in the warm weather for another 15 years, still volunteering in schools and holding hands to the very end.  Surprisingly, she went first, holding her husband of 33 years’ hand and smiling as he said, “I’ll be there in a minute, love.”
And then, only two days later, Alex was sitting in his favorite chair one moment and then he was gazing at the North Atlantic surf experience the glow of the greatest loves of his life.  It was his reward for always believing in love and happy endings in the throws of doom and disaster.  He would often say, “From darkness comes light,” which quickly informed people that he didn’t he knew that sunshine was coming.
He stood up from the bench at the beach and was greeted by Rachel, who he kissed and hugged, and then by Melanie, who he passionately kissed – because they were like that – and Belinda, who he kissed on the forehead and held her hand.  The four continued to walk down the boardwalk where they were greeted by loved ones they wanted to see.
Alex stopped walking and looked back saying, “C’mon brother, it’s time to go,” and seconds later his soul fully left his body so he could continue his immortal days the way he lives his life, as a triangle surfer.
