Tristan's Loins
By Karolyn Cairns

Copyright by Karolyn Cairns 2012
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.

CHAPTER ONE

Her head thumped upon the computer desk twice, harder the last time for emphasis.
 Ouch!
 She lifted her head and glared at the blinking cursor in defeat. Hours spent looking at that pulsating object was making her cross-eyed. Sitting up in her chair with a determined look, she reached for the keyboard and then just stopped. 
Ugh!
 Her head went down again.
"For the love of God! Can't we all just live happily ever after?" Selene Weston cried out in despair and frustrated anger, feeling pathetic to have drawn a total blank. "Just fall in love already! You’re making me crazy!"
This was more difficult than she thought when she had set out to write a romance novel eighteen months prior. Now it was an obsession to find just the right time for blistering passion to unfold onto the page, leaving her breathless with dizzying...nausea.
Yes really sick, gut-wrenching nausea.  
How do you write about something you never had?
Selene Weston lifted her head and stared at the computer screen resentfully. The beauty of blaming inanimate objects was they could hardly defend themselves. She wanted to smash her computer. It was her fault the main characters in her novel were idiots.
Her hero Tristan swaggered around waving his sword for no apparent reason. His engorged, enflamed, and laughably out-of-proportionate manhood took up five pages somewhere near the beginning of chapter three. That much-praised asset of his fluctuated in size depending upon her mood swings. He always seemed to be bulging or swelling down there. Poor guy. Either his prostate was diseased and enlarged or she really needed a man.
The book’s heroine Rhiannon was so stupid Selene wanted to kill her off after the first chapter. The spoiled snotty heiress whined through the first five chapters. Now she sat in icy silence for two more chapters. And suddenly she was all hot and bothered for the hero? 
Yeah, okay, right. Can you say 'psycho bitch'? Get some antidepressants. Oh right, they didn’t have those back then. Bummer for you!
The plot did more to drive the pair apart than bring them together. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea making Tristan kill Rhiannon's dad back in chapter three. Having him force himself on Rhiannon in chapter five hardly helped matters between them. 
Nice guy, when do we run away together?
If that was not enough to drive her bat-shit crazy, the villain, Lord Stephen de Montfort, Tristan's uncle and nemesis, was more interesting than the hero. Even if he was a lying, murderous bastard, at least he had depth and goals, something the others seriously lacked.
Selene reviewed her notebook on her desk going over the outline again. The bad thing about outlining a love scene it was just like faking an orgasm and twice as unsatisfying. 
Just the thought of one of those wondrous things missing in her own life made her avoid the issue altogether in her book. Her own present lack of sex was evident in her writing. If she wasn’t getting any booty either was Rhiannon. Tristan was keeping his hot flaming man-sword in his breeches a while longer.
Her eyes grew tired and she put away her notes. A glance at the clock told her it was time to put it down for the night. She was getting nowhere fast and had to work in the morning.
Selene shut down the computer and gazed about her small one bedroom apartment in despair. Some of the unpacked boxes were stacked in the corner. Her pictures still leaned against the wall. Her knick-knacks remained boxed as well. 
Unpacking would mean she accepted this. That would take time and less denial that she was staying here permanently. In all fairness, it had been six months since her and her husband separated. It was time to unpack. Jim was not open for reconciliation. 
No, her marriage was pretty much over. She didn’t want to think about Jim right now or her ten-year marriage that went down the tubes. Dwelling upon failure was never conducive to successful writing. Right now that was all she had to cling too besides Tristan's pulsating man-rod. She giggled despite herself.
The hero in her book was a figment of her imagination. He was impossibly tall and gorgeous with long golden hair and dark, penetrating blue eyes. He was also so perfect that even she didn’t find him believable anymore. 
No wonder Rhiannon hates you! You’re probably gay. I wrote you gay and she knows it, Selene thought with an evil chuckle as she entered her bedroom and slid out of her clothes. 
She turned on the shower and waited for the water to heat up as she berated every word she ever wrote about those two. The shower felt wonderful. She was slightly less miserable when she got out. She dressed in her pajamas and settled down to check her alarm. 
Six in the morning came around early.
Selene felt like the alarm went off as soon as her head hit the pillow. Waiting for coffee at the bar separating the kitchen and living room, she checked her email. 
Her eyes filled with hope to see a message there from Jim. She clicked it open. After reading the terse, impersonal message regarding the settlement meeting with his attorney that day she sighed, wishing she had forgotten it.
Today was the day they finalized the settlement for the divorce. Jim was being more than generous just to get her to sign and avoid another six months in court. He bought her out of the house, her half of the stock portfolio, kept the dog for her, and the previous bills they amassed together. She got a huge chunk of money, and nothing else, not even her dignity.  
In truth, she should be glad to walk away from their marriage with a clean slate and a six-figure balance in her checking account. Most of her divorced friends said she was crazy to fight his offer. Maybe if she wasn’t still feeling the burn to know his reasons for such generosity. The gorgeous blonde secretary came to mind. 
Yeah, Jim had a reason to rush matters. Ginny wouldn’t wait around forever.
His stunning secretary had quite effortlessly roped and tied her husband, making him all googly-eyed and sick over her like a fourteen year-old boy. Jim was hooked line and sinker from the minute the temporary service sent her over to work at his law firm.
Ginny couldn’t even type. She didn’t know a thing about secretarial work, but she won her husband over within a week of being on the job. Soon, he was working late or not coming home at all, claiming he fell asleep in his office.
Selene should have seen it coming, but like all women she was blindsided in her belief of her marriage and her husband. Maybe she could have forgiven Jim, but it was all very much water under the bridge now. 
He was in love.
Jim wanted to marry Ginny when the divorce was final. That was the most devastating blow of all. He even moved the woman into their house not a week after she moved out. He promised his secretary everything he always denied Selene. For that, she was furious. 
She worked her tail off putting Jim through law school. Was this the thanks she received?
Eyes filled with tears of anger and self-pity. The coffee maker's chugging ended, pulling her out of her misery. 
Get over it! 
She poured a cup and scowled down at the steaming dark brew. The best thing for her to do was to cut away from Jim cleanly and put it behind her. It was not as if they had anything but a stock portfolio between them now.
  Just then, her computer beeped. She frowned. She knew she shut it off when she finished reading her email. She went over to her computer desk and hit the keyboard. The screen lit up.
A dim room popped up on the screen. It was a medieval room with a stone floor, a huge bed, a table and a single chair, and not much else. The hearth was crackling with a fire. The man paced upon the screen, dressed in medieval garb. He looked like one of the cover models from one of her books. His expression was grim.
Selene went to clear the screen to get rid of the interactive pop-up and nothing happened. The man was still there, pacing in agitation.
"What now?" Selene sat to tinker with the computer and clear the screen of the intrusive pop-up image.
The man stopped pacing. He drew his sword from his belt and held it aloft, looking upward his expression murderous now.
"Reveal yourself, witch!" He shouted in heavily accented English, making her jump as he brandished the sword and spun around looking for the voice in every corner of the room. "I can hear you! Come out!"
Selene stared at the man on the screen, thinking this was one very clever pop-up indeed.
"You cannot hide from me, sorceress!" The man raged as he waved his sword around. "I can hear you breathing! I know you are here somewhere. Come out! Show yourself!"
Selene stared in fascination at the man, noting his long blond hair and finely chiseled features. Even his piercing blue eyes reminded her of Tristan, the character in her book.
"Whatever. I'm not buying anything, pal, so go away." She tried to clear the screen, thinking it some sort of an advertisement.
"I’m not selling you anything, wench!" He shouted and kicked the chair out of his way as he rounded the table, staring up at the virtual ceiling. "Where are you?"
Selene's hand fell away from the computer, eyes growing wide as his words registered. 
No, he did not just answer her. 
She really was losing it!
"Keep your shorts on, pal." She fussed with her settings, trying to shut the computer down. "And the name is Selene. Just Selene. Not wench!"
"Come out then, Just Selene, and we will talk," The man shouted upward. "I’ll not slay you, Just Selene. I just wish to talk with you."
Selene froze at his words. "You heard me?"
"Of course I heard you!" The man snapped as he stared around the four corners of the room. "But I cannot see you, Just Selene. Enough of your sorcery! Come out at once and I will forgive this transgression. I shall be lenient."
"Oh my God!" Selene covered her mouth, fear filling her eyes. Either she was insane, or the man on the screen heard her and talked to her.
"This is no time to pray, Just Selene." The man sheathed his sword in his belt. "You have toyed with me enough this night, and I’ll know why!"
"This is not happening!" Selene backed her computer chair up, away from the desk.
"Yes, this is very much happening!" The man scowled upward. "You have invaded my room! You will come out and speak with me, witch!"
"I'm losing my mind." Her eyes widened as the man sat at the table and leaned upon his elbows. "You’re not real."
"I’m very real, Just Selene," he argued in a clipped voice. "It is you who remains in shadow."
"My name is Selene! Only Selene!"
"Only Selene? That is a stupid name," the man commented and shrugged. "Your parents should be horsewhipped for their ignorance."
Selene fumed at the man's arrogance.  This had to be some sort of a live webcam. She looked around the desk, wondering if Darcy and Maggie played some sort of practical joke on her. Her two best girlfriends would do something like this. 
It wasn’t even her birthday.
 What was going on?
"You have grown quiet, Only Selene." The man rubbed his stubbly jaw. "Have you considered my offer of leniency?"
"Oh shut up!" Selene looked around the desk. "I'm going to kill Darcy and Maggie for this! I know this is all a joke."
"You do not speak to me thusly, wench!" The man shouted in rage. "If there is any slaying to be done, it will be done by me! Who are these Darcy and Maggie creatures you speak of? I find nothing funny about this, Only Selene."
 "Oh, you’re good!" Selene started looking around the floor. "I'm going to find where you’re plugged in at and we will see about this."
"Plugged in?" His handsome face appeared confused. "You do speak oddly, Only Selene."
"Can it, buddy!" She crawled around underneath her desk. "We both know Darcy and Maggie hired you to annoy me!"
The man made a frustrated sound, his face reddening at her words. "I’m not this Buddy person you refer to! I am Tristan de Montfort! You go too far! First, you invade my room and refuse to come out, and now you imply I am some hireling of these foul creatures you speak of. Enough of your foolishness! I demand you come out!"
Selene could find no unusual wires or cords and frowned as she sat once more in front of the computer. The man looked annoyed, his handsome face flushed. It was obvious he was not going anywhere anytime soon.
"Okay, I'll play." She glared at the screensaver. "Your name is Tristan de Montfort, right? How much are they paying you? This is unreal."
Tristan glared up at the voice. "I’m Lord de Montfort, you impertinent wench! No one has paid me a farthing! I can assure you this is all very real. I woke to your voice just now and can still hear you, if not see you!"
"This is a joke!" Selene’s eyes grew uneasy. 
How could Darcy and Maggie know her character's name? 
She hadn’t allowed anyone to read her work outside of her critique group since she started this project.
"Do you see humor here, Only Selene?" The man asked irately. "You keep me from my sleep and my uncle is fast upon my heels. I must rise at dawn if I hope to reach Raven's Keep before his vassals overtake me."
Selene opened her mouth, but no sound came out. She quickly referred to her notes from the night before in her outline. She scanned the page to where she left off. 
Tristan was indeed staying in the castle of one of his father's allies. His uncle, the cruel and calculating Stephen de Montfort was giving chase. He was determined to steal Rhiannon away from his nephew before he succeeded in marrying the wealthy heiress.
They were to be married promptly when Tristan arrived at Raven's Keep. Marrying Rhiannon and securing her dowry would allow Tristan to gain the funds to make war on his powerful uncle, the man who murdered his parents to steal his birthright.
"This can't be real." She shook her head, looking around wildly. “This isn’t real!”
Tristan laughed. "Yes, Only Selene, this is very real."
"Oh my God!"
"You will not pray again, Only Selene," Tristan ordered in a clipped voice, his expression turning to one of annoyance. "You will come out at once and be done with this nonsense."
Selene dazedly got up and went to the phone, never taking her eyes off the handsome blond man on the computer screen. The automated switchboard at the school answered. She spoke into the phone, calling in sick for the first time in eight years. 
She taught fourth grade English. Her students could deal with a substitute today. She was in no condition to go to work. Obviously, she was losing her mind. The phone dropped from her hand to the floor.
"Only Selene, where are you?" Tristan called out, sounding disgusted. "Come out!"
Selene approached the desk and sat down. Eyes widened as she looked at the character of her book, really looked at him now. The same details she included in her book made her cringe, seeing the handsome, all too-perfect features, marred only by the scar on his forehead. Even his tunic was the same as she described it. It was a shade of pale blue wool that offset his eyes. Her anguished gaze widened to see the large de Montfort ruby ring on his left forefinger as he leaned upon his hands. The ring had been his father's, stolen by his Uncle Stephen.
Gideon, his father’s loyal servant, raised Tristan until he reached adulthood. The man found him in infancy after his parent's murders. Stephen de Montfort thought Tristan dead, and the earldom his. Gideon raised him to be a warrior and regain his birthright.
King John was sympathetic to the young lord's plight but stayed out of the matter. The king said if Tristan wanted his title and lands back he must fight for them. Tristan had begun to spy upon his uncle and discovered he had a very young and beautiful mistress named Christabel.
Tristan wormed his way into Christabel's bed to learn all he needed to know about his uncle. Stephen was very possessive of his young, desirable mistress. One night after Tristan left her house, his uncle's men accosted him and dragged him before the nobleman bound and beaten.
Stephen de Montfort didn’t know he was looking at his assumed-dead nephew, or Tristan wouldn’t have survived that night. His uncle was satisfied with having him beaten for trespassing upon his territory. He removed his knife to carve a crude ‘S’ into his forehead.
Tristan succeeded at working at his bonds. He freed himself and lunged for the knife. He came out the victor in the tussle and used the knife to cut off Stephen de Montfort's finger, stealing back his father's signet ring.
Tristan made sure his uncle knew who he was before he left his estate. He stopped to kidnap the lovely heiress along the way to Raven's Keep. Stephen was amassing an army now to fight his nephew, determined not to lose his power.
"If you’re really Tristan de Montfort, what is your mother's name?"
"Isabelle," he obliged softly and looked upward. "That was her name. Now will you come out?"
Selene sat back in her chair, stunned. "No one could have known that name. I haven't written it yet!"
Tristan appeared satisfied the matter of his identity was realized. He gazed at the nothingness beyond him, eyes narrowed. "Now, Only Selene, you will kindly come out and explain how you have entered my room. Lord de Vigny assured me I had safe asylum here this night! Is this some trickery on his part?"
"No, Lord de Vigny is your staunchest supporter, "Selene argued in a placating tone."He is an old and trusted friend to your father. He would never betray you, even if he doesn't have the fortune to help you reclaim your birthright."
Tristan scowled at her words. "How is it you know so much about my business, wench?"
"Easy on the wench bit, pal!" Selene fumed at his blatant disrespect. "I told you my name. Just let me think! This can’t be real, but I'm talking to you. I have to assume I'm losing my mind, if that’s the case."
"This is all very real, Only Selene," Tristan concluded sharply. "I’m up listening to you skulk about my room when I should be abed resting up for tomorrow."
"Oh will you just zip it already?" Selene drummed her fingers on the desk. "Just to ease your mind, you make it back to Raven's Keep without a hitch. Your uncle doesn’t catch up to you."
"And how do you know this, Only Selene?" Tristan looked outraged, his face reddening.
"Because I’m writing it that way!"
"Now you do sound insane, Only Selene," Tristan mused. "It is not possible for you to know what I’ll do before I do it."
"Actually, you’re not even real but a character in my book.  I can do whatever I want. Be lucky I don't allow him to catch you! He's awfully mad you cut off his finger!"
Tristan froze suddenly, eyes filled with suspicion. "How did you know of that? I have told no one of my altercation with my uncle, not even Gideon. What enchantment is this?"
Selene smiled tightly. "Because I wrote it, that's why. I'm a writer. Well, I'm trying to be. This is my first book. You’re a character in it. None of this is real at all."
"You lie, wench!" Tristan scowled as he sat back in the chair. "That is not possible."
"It’s true!" Selene pulled out her notebook." I’ll prove it to you."
"How can you offer such proof?" 
"I know of your deepest secrets." Selene looked smug as she saw his obvious doubt. "I know everything about you."
"Such as?"
"I know you pray each night before bed to honor your father's memory."
Tristan looked ill. "What treachery is this? You lie! My prayers are my own!"
"No, I wrote them. You do it every night, swearing to avenge him and your mother."
"This is an outrage!" Tristan appeared positively livid.
"I’m afraid it's true. You’re a character in my book, and all of this is not real." Selene went on to explain the whole plot of her book to him, seeing his furious expression when she was done.
 Tristan mulled over her words, looking quite perturbed. "You say you wrote this? What do you mean? Letters and such? Explain yourself, Only Selene."
"I’m a writer," Selene explained once more. "I created all of this, your struggle to regain your birthright. You meeting Rhiannon. Everything. It's a romance novel."
"Romance?" He chuckled outright. "You have failed there, Only Selene. There is little romance between Rhiannon and myself. The girl loathes me. Do I have you to thank for that too?"
"Now wait a minute!" 
"No, you wait!" Tristan growled harshly as he rose. "You are privy to matters no one can know of, even God! You tell me my whole life is made up by you, and the woman I am to marry despises me with every breath she takes. How do you plan to change that, Only Selene? You have mucked up my life enough with your meddling!"
"Hey, that's not fair!" Selene grumbled with a sour look. "This is just a book! It’s for entertainment purposes. You’re taking this too personally. If it's any consolation, you both live happily ever after. I swear it."
Tristan didn’t look pleased. He looked sad. "You tell me everything I am isn’t even real? Why is it I feel it?"
Selene had no explanation for why Tristan was even talking to her now. She was having a nervous breakdown. She could see he was taking it very hard to know he wasn’t real. Everything in his life was made-up. She felt for him. She gave him some lousy hang-ups.
"It gets better, I swear," Selene promised, seeing the torment in his face.
"This is entertainment for you, Only Selene?" Tristan's handsome lips twisted into a bitter smile. "You’re a cruel wench to mock my feelings. It is all very real to me. I’m living it, while you only make it up!"
 Selene didn’t know what to say to make him feel better. She knew she bungled it, making him so tortured. He had some serious baggage for sure. Now she could see by his brooding expression, he took it very much to heart.
"I only got to chapter eight so far," Selene told him defensively. "There is much left to happen. You will be happy. I promise you that." 
"You have insured I can never be happy!"
"What do you mean?" It was her turn to look confused.
"What I have done to her, she will never forgive," Tristan snarled and glared upward. "I have killed her father, thanks to you! Let us not forget the night I took her from his fortress? Have you forgotten my foul treatment of her? She has not, I assure you! You have only made her cringe at the very sight of me!"
Selene paused, seeing the truth of his words. 
How could Rhiannon possibly get passed that? 
What woman could ever learn to love a man that killed her father and raped her? 
Oh Damn, she really bungled it this time. 
The reality of it hit her smack in the face.
"I can go back and rewrite it." Selene saw him pause in his angry pacing.
"You can rewrite this?" Tristan looked hopeful. "It will be as if it never happened?"
"Yes, I can just go back and delete that whole scene," Selene concluded. "I’ll have to figure out how you come to steal her from her father's fortress first."
Tristan relaxed visibly. "All is not lost. She fears me, Only Selene. To see her flinch away from me whenever I come near her haunts me. What did you mean by making me force myself on the girl? I have never had to force a woman in my life!"
Selene shrugged unconsciously. "I wasn’t thinking at all. I knew you were desperate to marry a rich heiress. I just tossed that in because I was in a bad mood. Sorry. I’ll have it so you kidnap her and get away from her father's fortress undetected."
"You have the power to do this?" He seemed to disbelieve her, shaking his head.
"I have all the power," Selene retorted smugly. "I'm the writer."
"If what you say is true, I want proof of what you say," Tristan demanded in a tight voice. "I have been trapped in this room for many days. I want food, and lots of it. I want wine, a bath, and a woman to warm my bed who isn’t that she-cat I'm going to be married to."
Selene glared at him. "That isn’t in the book, Tristan."
"Write it in, Only Selene," Tristan fumed back at her in obvious challenge. "We will see if what you tell me is the truth. I would see this power firsthand."
"Fine." Selene pulled up her word processing program. She opened the chapter where she left off at earlier. She typed for many minutes, saving the document and sat back pleased to see Tristan got his wish.
 The table on the screen was laden with food and drink. A pretty, dark-haired maiden reclined in his bed. A wooden tub sat nearby, steam rising from it.
Tristan looked stunned. "How? How is this possible?"
"Did you say something, my lord?" The girl in his bed spoke in a sultry tone, her eyes filled with smoky invitation.
Tristan turned and grinned at his lovely companion. "I was saying I wondered if you wished to join me in my bath, girl."
"I didn’t write that, Tristan," Selene protested, seeing his lustful regard for the serving girl.
Tristan smiled as he crooked a finger at the girl. "No, but I approve of this heartily, Only Selene. Are you going to watch us too? We will talk later when I’m sated."
Selene glared at the screen at his smug countenance and was tempted to delete the girl out of the scene. She relented then, for she felt like she owed it to Tristan for screwing up his life.
"Oh, whatever. Go get your groove on," Selene muttered as she turned down the sunshine on the screen. She certainly had no intention of watching. She cringed to hear his low seductive laughter and the girl’s incessant giggling.
Selene went into her bathroom, opening up the medicine cabinet. She grabbed a bottle of Xanax. She popped two of them into her mouth. The delusions were because of stress.
Selene decided to lie down. It was only seven-thirty in the morning. She was certain when she got up all of this would be just a mind trick. Sleep came upon her quickly.
CHAPTER TWO

Selene woke up to the sound of the phone ringing. She glanced at her bedside clock. Her eyes flew wide. It was nearly noon. She jumped up with an exclamation on her lips. She had to get up and get ready for the meeting. The Xanax made her feel sluggish as she pulled herself up and slipped out of the bed.
She entered the living room cautiously, her eyes going to the computer. A sigh of relief escaped her to see the character from her book wasn’t there waiting for her. Walking on trembling legs, Selene went to log off the computer. 
She turned up the screen light and gasped. Tristan and the girl were sleeping, his arm casually draped over her. He snored loudly.  It was real! She logged off and decided a trip to her therapist was in order.
The phone shook in her hand as she made the appointment with Dr. Saunders for the end of the week. She had been seeing him for the past few months since her husband filed for divorce. Since she now felt like a real crazy person they should have much to discuss.
Selene got ready for the meeting without looking at herself too closely in the mirror. The chic new black suit made her feel more confident in Macy's. Now she just felt every bit the scorned, pathetic, soon-to-be ex-wife she was.
Why had Jim done it? 
Was she so unpleasing to look at? 
Had she failed him sexually? 
She cringed to think of their stagnant sex life the last year. To be honest, even if he wasn’t having the affair she had little desire for her husband. 
Selene knew her face was pretty, if only tight with present disappointments. Her golden brown eyes were wide-set and heavily lashed without mascara. She still turned heads when she applied herself to looking good. Her hair was thick and shiny, sable brown in color, and fell in lush natural waves to her shoulders.
Her figure was good thanks to good genetics. Her eating habits were awful. She was naturally slender with more than modest breasts. 
Why had Jim strayed? 
What did he see in the over-made Ginny?
She applied spare amounts of make-up, glad at least that her complexion was good enough to use the barest of enhancement. It had always been one of her finest assets, her skin. She brushed and styled her shoulder-length brown hair into a fashionable style, pinning it and putting on her jewelry. She left the two-carat diamond engagement ring in the soap dish.
Jim had the nerve to ask for it back recently. He claimed he could still return it. Since he purchased it for her at Christmas and it was now April, she questioned that. 
Nah, she figured she earned it, knowing he only bought it out of his guilt over his affair with Ginny.
Once she was ready, she grabbed her coat, purse, and keys and left her second-story apartment for the lot below. She got into her one year-old BMW convertible and smiled. Jim wanted the car back too.
 Well, too bad! 
He wanted out— he could pay that off too. She wasn’t giving in. She knew she held out in some hope he would come to his senses. The car was nice, but it didn’t matter as much to her as her marriage.
That demand ought to put Jim into a tailspin. Coming up with the sum to buy her out of the house, their stocks, and other assets had nearly cleaned him out. Paying off the car would break him, she knew. It was unlike her to be so unreasonable, but it was all she had to fight with now. That and the frail hope some glimmer of love for her lingered within him.
Selene was determined not to touch the settlement money. It was her nest egg. Her annual salary was barely fifty thousand. She would have to budget carefully now. Before, her money was her own to do with as she would. Jim paid all the house bills, her car note, and the credit cards. She had her whole paycheck to herself before. Not so anymore. Now she would have to justify every expense.
Selene pulled into the office building on Beach Street with a shiver of apprehension. Her attorney was probably already there talking with Jim's attorney, who also happened to be the best man at their wedding. 
Talk about awkward. Now the man was handling their divorce. Russell Wentz was a friend to both of them. Selene didn’t take it personally that Russell took Jim's case. In this economy, most attorneys couldn’t afford not taking cases for personal reasons.
Selene looked at her appearance in the rearview mirror, satisfied she looked good despite her apprehension. For a thirty-two year old woman, she still looked good.  Maybe not as good as Ginny. She still got her share of looks from men. All of the self-loathing would pass. Jim was hardly the end of the line for her. The hurt would go away one day. 
Thank God they never had children! 
It was one thing she was grateful for as she faced her divorce. She was the one who wanted a house full of kids. Jim had vetoed that right after he took his bar exam. Jim said they would wait until he was established. Now she was nearly in her mid-thirties and childless and he walked out on her. It was hard not to feel resentment. Now he would have kids with Ginny. Try as she might, tears burned in the back of her eyes.
Selene went inside. Her attorney Laura Benson greeted her with a warm smile. She looked pleased after speaking with Russell. Laura was about her age with a short, smart cut and a perfect lipstick smile. Her professional demeanor softened somewhat to see Selene's nervousness. She knew Laura empathized.
"Russell and I hammered out all the particulars already." Laura she drew her into a private waiting room off the lobby. "Jim agreed to pay off the car, Selene. He just wants you to sign-off today. We don’t have to go in there. It's all worked out."
Selene nodded, relieved Jim would do that much. "He argued it last time. I was prepared for a fight today."
"No, he says you deserve it. He brought in the payoff for the car and your settlement with him today. I urge you to accept this, Selene." They sat at the table. Her brown eyes were compassionate as she opened her briefcase and removed a file. "If this goes before the judge, you could get much less. With no kids, and you being gainfully employed during the whole marriage, the judge won't give you such a nice chunk of money."
"Why is Jim being so amicable now?" Selene was suddenly wary. "This is an about-face."
"I assume it’s because he wants this over with quickly." Laura shrugged. "Who cares? You walk away from this marriage with two hundred and fifty-thousand in cash, the car, and he pays all your legal fees. You also have no debt to assume from the marriage. It’s a sweet deal, Selene. You won’t get better. Take the deal."
"You’re probably right."
"I know I am," the attorney affirmed and opened the file.
"Alright.  I'll agree," Selene surprised her by saying. "No point in dragging it out anymore."
Laura sighed in relief. "You had me worried. I thought you would come in here swinging again."
"No. It's what he wants," Selene shook her head sadly. "I'm not fighting it anymore. I can't take this. I have to move on too."
Laura smiled and patted her hand. "You deserve better than that asshole, Selene. Trust me, one day you will agree with me. You’re doing the right thing."
Selene signed the documents Laura presented her. "Is this it? What happens next?"
"This is it." Laura took the papers and put them back in the file. "The next time you see me, we will have your official hearing before the judge. You’re a free woman now. Here is the settlement and the payoff on the car."
Selene accepted the envelope, her hand shaking slightly. Her husband gave in. A part of her was glad. The other was disappointed. Getting this hollow victory today forced her to accept it was finally over.
"Where is Jim?" Selene put the envelope in her purse.
Laura made a face. "He and the girlfriend are in Russell's office waiting for you to sign."
"They seemed awfully sure of me."
"Selene, just let it go," Laura offered softly, compassion in her eyes. "You're better than this. You and I both know that girl is in this for his money. When your husband realizes it, he will regret doing this to you. Karma is coming for him. Trust me."
Selene silently agreed and stood. "Okay, I guess were done here."
"My secretary will contact you with the final court date, Selene," Laura told her. "I'll see you then. Good luck."
Selene felt numb as she left Russell's office, not waiting around to see Jim and Ginny leave. She had no perverse desire to see them together today. No, she determined that was the last thing she wanted. Her heart ached as she got into her car and drove away. It was as if the last ten years hadn’t even mattered.
Selene saw flashes of their life together from the beginning in fast forward until the moment she signed those documents ending it. It was surreal. She felt bitterness in her mouth to know real life was never as wonderful as the make believe ones in her novels. 
No reality was a pay-off, not a happily ever after.
Selene stopped at the Dairy Queen on her way to the dealership. A brownie sundae might have tasted good any other day. Today the chocolate desert she loved stuck in her throat. She paid off her car and deposited the settlement check into her savings account. Then she went home, glad she had nothing else better to do today. 
Selene went into her bedroom and took off the black suit, burying it in the back of her closet, knowing she would never wear it again. She didn’t realize she was crying until she felt the tears splatter upon her hands. She closed her eyes and wiped them away. 
No! 
She wouldn’t do this today! 
Tears wouldn’t give her back the last ten years of her life or stop her heart from aching.
Selene vowed she would give no more thought to her impending divorce today. She threw herself into doing what she put off for the last six months. 
She unpacked the boxes and bins stacked in her living room and bedroom. After three hours, it looked more like home. She lit several fragrance jar candles and enjoyed the sight of her things adorning the walls and tables.
Finally, she had time to sit in front of the computer and think about the strange morning conversation with Tristan de Montfort, of all people. She laughed as she turned on the computer. It was obviously some delusion brought on by her taut emotions and stress.
She was reviewing her outline. She didn’t see the computer screen open to Tristan's room once more. He was dressed. The comely maid was gone. He appeared distraught. Selene looked up and uttered a curse to see him there.
"Ladies don't speak thusly, Only Selene," Tristan admonished, frowning. "Where have you been?"
"None of your damn business!" Selene snapped, angry to know he was still hanging around. "I have a life, Tristan. I don't devote every minute to writing about you."
Tristan grinned as he sat at the table, munching on the food still there. "It's obvious.  I’m still trapped in this same room. So much for me ever getting home due to your unseemly slackery."
Selene muttered as she set down her notebook. "You will get there. Relax. Don't you have anything to occupy you?"
Tristan chuckled as he got up. He opened the door to his chamber to reveal a black abyss outside the door. "No. Apparently I cannot leave until you see fit to write me out of here."
"How did the girl get out?"
"She was able to go. I was not. I have tried."
"I don't understand." Selene shook her head in confusion. "She walked out of the room, but you can’t? It makes no sense."
Tristan looked bored. "You’re the writer. You tell me."
Selene knew she suffered from some sort of psychosis. "I don't know how this all works yet, so how can I tell you that?"
 "Only Selene, I grow quite bored. Do you think you could write me on my way home today?"
"My name is Selene," she stated tightly. "One word."
"Much better," Tristan remarked with a smile. "Now how do you propose to go back and make these changes, Selene?"
Selene frowned. "I need only erase what I wrote and write in a replacement scene."
Tristan smiled widely, displaying perfect dimples. "Might I make some suggestions?"
"Such as?"
"You could make Rhiannon a bit friendlier," Tristan suggested with a slight leer. "I like larger breasts on a woman too."
"Okay, enough," Selene lamented sourly. Tristan chuckled in delight. "You’re as bad as the men in my world, always picking a woman apart and finding her lacking. What is so wrong with Rhiannon the way she is?"
Tristan pushed away from the table, his hands clasped behind his back. "Where do I start?"
Selene gasped in outrage. "She’s beautiful! What could you possibly find wrong with her?"
Tristan frowned. "Yes, she is quite perfect to look at. I agree. You have made her lovely, but she has no depth to her. Always whining and crying, telling me she hates me. She looks at me as though she wants to kill me most of the time. The rest of the time, she acts like we are all her servants."
"You did kill her father," Selene reminded him pointedly. "How do you think she would react to you?"
"You will rewrite all of that, Selene," Tristan commanded upward with a look that brooked no refusal. "She is to be my wife. I would not want to start out this way."
Selene bristled at his imperious tone. "That will take time. You’re talking about me starting all over again. That’s almost one hundred and fifty pages!"
"I don’t care. It appears I only exist because you made it so. I would have it as close to perfect as it can be," Tristan replied testily. "I have another request of you."
"What is it?" Selene was almost afraid to ask.
"I have done much thinking," Tristan disclosed tightly. "Your book, the whole plot— it makes no sense."
"What do you mean it makes no sense?"
"You said Stephen and my mother were in love before she married my father," he reminded stiffly. "That was his reason to kill my father, only she was accidentally killed instead with poisoned wine. I can live with that. I would ask you to refrain from taking away what little I have to be proud of in my life. Knowing that man sired me will not make it easy for me to kill him as we both know I must."
Selene thought about what he said, reasoning he was right. It was not necessary for Stephen de Montfort to be his real father. She took notes during the conversation, agreeing with him.
"Fine, consider it done. Anything else?"
"Rewrite the girl completely." Tristan had a naughty grin. "I would have less strife in my life and much more pleasure. I want a willing, hot-blooded wench, Selene. Your frigid, shrinking virgin does nothing for me!"
"But strife makes for good fiction," Selene argued. "Strife equals conflict, which creates interest. I can’t have her draped in your lap from day one. Readers won’t like it if it’s that easy!"
"These readers…tell me about them," Tristan asked with a brooding look. "What is it they wish to get out of reading about me? My life has been horrible. Going after my uncle has not been a pleasant repast. What sort of people enjoy my struggles?"
Selene sighed, leaning her elbows onto the desk. "It's not the struggles they enjoy reading about. No one wishes to see their hero hurt or humiliated. They wish to see him surmount such obstacles and cheer for his success in doing so. You misunderstand. They derive no pleasure from your pain, just your success. No one wants everything to go perfectly. Besides, it would just be boring."
"Ah, I understand now. Rewrite all I have asked. I can live with the rest. The girl has to be rewritten at once. She annoys me."
"She is supposed to annoy you." Selene sighed, frustrated by his attitude. "If you got along well the readers would get bored."
"You said this was a romance." Tristan looked disgusted. "Where is the romance when a wench is spitting venom at me until I kiss her? Than the moment is gone, and she hates me again. I think you know nothing of this subject, Selene."
"Oh, shut up! What you propose would put the readers to sleep!"
"Rewrite the girl, Selene. Make her more interesting to me. She is boring. That is the problem," Tristan complained, looking sulky now and impossibly gorgeous. "We have nothing to say to one another."
Selene considered his words. "She is boring to you?"
"Beyond getting up her skirts. Yes. She bores me."
Selene sighed, knowing he was probably right. He ought to know. "Fine. I’ll take all you say into consideration. This will take time. I can’t write the first seven chapters over in one night. You have to be patient."
Tristan gestured to his surroundings with a mocking grin. "Can you not send the maid back until you’re done? You might wish to leave my man parts alone too while you’re at it. I suppose I have you to thank for my walking around with my cock hard day in and day out. What preoccupation do you have with making me swollen until I ache, woman?"
"No problem. Sorry about that," Selene apologized, blushing to be reminded she very much kept her hero with a raging hard-on. The fact he knew it embarrassed her.
He chuckled and shook his head in amusement. "Tell me about your world, Selene. I hear noises while you’re gone, loud and strange noises."
Selene reasoned he probably heard the phone. What else he heard she couldn’t know. Explaining the real world to him would take longer than rewriting her book. The teacher in her won out in the end. She explained, taking nearly two hours to bring him into the modern century. He looked intrigued at the end of her speech.
"I find your world much more to my liking," Tristan claimed with an excited expression. "A man need not have a title, gold, and lands to make his way there. I like that. Here, you’re nothing if you’re not landed, moneyed, and have court connections."
Selene could see he was struggling to comprehend what she told him. "Let us move on to the book, shall we? We can have a history lesson another time."
Tristan nodded and looked saddened. "I’ll not tell Rhiannon none of this is real. She would not be pleased to know you have orchestrated her life and troubles as you have. She is very proud. It would be better to write her a new beginning."
Selene wondered at his expression. He seemed to care how Rhiannon felt despite his claim she annoyed him. Interesting. Perhaps he liked her more than he cared to admit.
 "I’ll do some writing tonight and tomorrow, as well as the weekend, but it will take me many hours to do what you ask," she warned. "In the meantime, you’re very much trapped here until I catch back up."
"That is acceptable for now," he agreed quietly. "Do you have a husband, Selene? I have not heard a man's voice out there with you."
Selene must have made a disgusted noise. Tristan was smiling. "I had one, past tense. He divorced me for a much younger woman."
Tristan frowned darkly. "Your husband left you for a younger woman?"
"Yes, quite younger in fact. Eight years younger."
"I’m very sorry."
Selene could see his sincerity. It warmed her. "You could say it was for the best. He and I didn’t really suit one another. I’ll get over it."
“You married him willingly?" Tristan asked in some surprise. "Your father didn’t arrange the match?"
"No, actually my dad didn’t like Jim too much," Selene replied without resentment. "He thought he was full of himself."
"So you married the man against your father's wishes?" Tristan’s disapproving tone made her bristle in annoyance.
"Hey, I told you women in my time, in my world, have choices. I decided to marry Jim against my father's advice, yes. He had little to say of it. That isn’t how things are anymore," she explained defensively.
"That would explain why the marriage failed," Tristan offered arrogantly. "Your father saw the man as he was. You did not."
Selene wanted to be angry at his observation, but her imaginary companion had a point. Jim wasn’t her father's first choice for a husband for her. She didn’t listen to him. It was hard to admit, even now.
"Jim wasn’t always like he is now," Selene offered in defense of her husband. "He had his moments."
"Now his moments are spent with another it would appear."
"Yes, well, she is pretty and stupid, and makes him feel important. I never did," Selene recalled quietly, a note of sadness in her voice.
"He will want more than that one day, "Tristan claimed with a knowing look."That doesn’t last very long."
"Yes, well he plans to marry her. The ink isn't even dry on our divorce papers and he’s planning his wedding with her."
"You’re sad of this?" Tristan whistled softly. "I hear it in your voice. Why would you want a man who is so unworthy of you, Selene?"
"I don't know," Selene admitted, laughing in bitterness. "I can't seem to recognize the man I married these days. I just didn’t see all of this."
"A man who abandons his wife for another is no man at all."
"I think his reasons are obvious."
"That is what mistresses are for," Tristan argued and shook his head. "He goes further to make this creature his wife? It is appalling. Are all men in your world like this?"
Selene struggled to answer him, knowing a resounding number were. The statistics didn’t lie. The divorce rate was over fifty percent. Most men's reasons for ending their marriages were for the desire for another woman. 
"Men have more choices now too," Selene chose to say. "They don’t have to stick with a woman when they no longer want her."
"You’re lucky he is gone, Selene," Tristan told her. "He sounds like a lout."
She smiled at his words. At least Tristan was on her side. "Yes, he is quite the lout, you’re right."
Selene got back to work then, pulling up her book file and going back to the beginning. She painstakingly removed Tristan's scene where he killed Rhiannon's father, and removed the scene of the rape in the woods. She was redoing each chapter after to reflect these changes, even went as far as revamping Rhiannon's figure for Tristan. He said he liked big breasts. His future wife had them now.
Selene was aware three hours had passed and she saved her work and closed the word document. The screen where Tristan waited lit up. He was still there, looking bored out of his mind.
She could never get tired of looking at him. He was just too handsome for words. Seeing him come to life in front of her gave her further inspiration how to write him better than she had previously.
"I finished the changes, but I still have to go back and begin again." She saw him relax visibly at her words. "We will see if it makes a difference once you’re back on the road."
"Yes, I look forward to seeing if she has changed towards me. She is not happy to be married at all, if you must know. I do not think the idea of marriage appeals to her. It is not so much me as the state of marriage she objects too. Lord Severn had several suitors for her, none which pleased her."
"Rhiannon is quite independent for a woman of her time," Selene offered in agreement. "Her father abused her mother for years. She grew up seeing that. She hates the control a man has over a woman in your time. You might wish to remember that if you’re to win her over."
Tristan absorbed her words and said nothing. He rose from his chair and stretched his tall muscled frame, groaning in protest. "These days stuck in this room have made me stiff. Gideon will see that when we practice at swords. He will likely knock me into the dirt when next we practice."
Selene thought of the aerobics DVD she had and shook her head, biting her lip to keep from chuckling at the sight of Tristan working out with Denise Austin. No, her hero could stand a few more days of rest while she rewrote her book.
"I’m ahead of schedule," she informed him. "I’ll try to have it all done by the end of the week. I can write you in whatever you need for now."
"Wine. A lot more wine," he insisted with a grin. "The maid returning at bedtime would appease me. A deck of cards, and a chess set. That is all."
Selene smiled and returned to chapter eight. "I'll do you one better, I'll turn you on to some modern cuisine for a change."
She typed quickly, grinning to think of his reaction. She saved the document and sat back, smiling to see his expression. A stack of three pepperoni pizzas and breadsticks from Pizza Hut sat on the table, along with a twelve pack of Michelob Light. His games and other requests sat upon his bed.
Tristan approached the pizza boxes hesitantly. He poked at the cardboard box. "What is this, Selene?"
"Open it. You will love it. It’s pizza. You eat it," she told him. "The other box contains cold ale, called beer. You’ll like that too."
Tristan opened the pizza box. He sniffed at the strange smell, unfamiliar with it. Selene saw him take a slice, gratified by his pleased expression as he ate, making satisfied noises, and much smacking of his lips. He had trouble opening the beer bottle. She had to talk him through that. He appeared pleased with his modern luxuries. He polished off one whole pizza, looking like he had died and gone to heaven.
"That was wondrous, Selene. I like this pizza. I like this ale too." He tipped the bottle to his lips. "Gideon would enjoy a bottle of this. He does like his ale."
"You’re welcome. It’s the least I can do. Your companion will arrive at bedtime. Anything else before I go?"
Tristan opened another beer, a frown on his face. "Where do you go when you leave, Selene?"
"Tristan, I have to eat too." She smiled at his forlorn expression. "I’m a teacher by profession. I have many papers of my students to grade before tomorrow."
"You teach? What do you teach?" He raised an eyebrow. "You work for a livelihood?"
Selene rolled her eyes. "Yes. Women work in my time. My job is to teach proper English to children."
Tristan nodded. "Alright.  I thank you for the pizza and this thing you call beer. It is quite good."
Selene shut down her computer, feeling a pang she couldn’t sit at Tristan's table and indulge in beer and pizza, rather than a Lean Cuisine by herself. Maggie and Darcy would meet her for dinner but she had much to do before work in the morning. The mountain of book reports was waiting to be graded.
CHAPTER THREE

Two hours and two exhausted red pens later, Selene put aside her school work and flipped on the TV in her room.  Nothing seemed to pull at her attention. She reclined against the pillows and checked her phone. She saw Darcy and Maggie both called to check in, wondering why she wasn’t at work.
Darcy taught third grade math. Maggie taught fifth grade science. They had been her best friends since she started at Grand Blanc Elementary. Both were thrilled she decided to take the plunge in writing. Selene just needed something to focus on right now.
The hallways were milling with children as Selene fought her way to her classroom the next morning. She had fifteen minutes before the bell. She sat and organized her desk. The substitute left her several notes. Good news. The class didn’t tar and feather her. Bad news. Jacob was acting up again.
Jacob Daniels was an ADHD nightmare for any teacher. He was as rambunctious as they came. A real problem most said. He just happened to be Selene's favorite. The boy was a genuinely good writer. One of her best. He liked horror novels and wrote anything graphic enough to produce a reaction.
Selene knew unless she gave some sort of comment on his paper he would be disappointed. She chuckled over his book report on slaughterhouses and his graphic depictions of animals processed for human consumption. He especially enjoyed reading them to the class.
"Hey you! Welcome back." Darcy popped into her room, yogurt and apple in hand. Darcy was forever dieting and her chubby shape reflected her failure.
Selene looked up and smiled. "It's over. We can plan that divorce party you guys have been talking about."
Darcy entered and closed the door, her blue eyes filled with compassion. "How bad was it?"
"It wasn’t bad at all," Selene reflected, "got all worked up for nothing. I didn’t even have to deal with Jim. My attorney handled it before I got there."
Darcy looked relieved, her chubby face relaxing. "We were so worried about you when you called in," she whispered, referring to her and Maggie. "I wanted to come by last night to check on you, but I figured you would call if you needed to talk."
"No, I'm really okay about it. I guess reality hit me finally. It's over."
"Was he fair with everything?"
Selene grinned. "Yeah. He paid off the car. Guess he wants Ginny real bad."
Darcy made a face. "I saw her at Macy's on Saturday. She was at the make-up counter. You should have seen all the crap she bought. She doesn’t know me, so I had to wander over. Sure enough, she used Jim's credit card. Trust me, when he starts paying her bills he will feel the burn."
"That's what my attorney said. We both know Jim hates frivolous waste."
"Forget about him, Selene. You’re young and pretty. You have your whole life ahead of you." 
"Why do I feel like a total loser?" Selene bit her lip to fight the burning behind her eyes.
Darcy sat down at one of the kids desks and gazed at her with concern. "Selene, you didn’t fail. Jim did. I learned that after five years in therapy when John left me. Look at him now? That internet floozy he hooked up with is long gone. Doesn't mean I want him back, but it's a good feeling when they come crawling back to tell you they regret what they did."
Selene knew it took forever for Darcy to get passed her husband bailing on her and their three kids for a woman he met on Facebook. She was dating a guy in her Weight Watcher's group now and had never been happier.
Maggie's situation was far different. She left her wonderful husband of ten years for a much younger man. The twenty-something hottie guy lived off her now, trying to launch himself as an actor. Joining the ranks with both her friends being divorced was tough.
"I know it won't work out with him and Ginny. It's just that everything is at my expense right now, ya know?"
"I do. I told John that the last time he begged to come home."
"Why does it seem like the perfect guy isn't even real, Darcy?" Selene felt a tight feeling in her throat.
Darcy smiled sadly. "You will meet someone else one day, Selene."
Selene would have made some reply but her first class started piling in. Darcy excused herself, promising to meet her for lunch. Her students all filed in and took their seats, looking relieved to see her. 
That was something. 
She knew her class adored her. They were all eager for their grades on their reports, even Jacob who left a rice crispy treat on her desk. The little boy smiled sheepishly as he took his seat in the front. Selene heard the bell and closed the door. She smiled at their expectant faces.
"I have your reports graded." She walked among the rows of twenty-four desks. "Feel free to form a line and get your paper. If you want extra credit, you know what to do."
Selene smiled as her students formed a line and rifled through the pile of papers at the end of her desk. Extra credit consisted of standing in front of the class and reading it. She knew Jacob would be her first volunteer. His report would get everyone warmed up.
By lunch, she was feeling a lot better about her situation. She decided to keep her running dialogue with Tristan to herself. Her friends were worried enough about her as they joined her at their table in the teacher's lounge.
Maggie was drop dead gorgeous with dark hair and eyes. She had a figure a woman half her age couldn’t claim and wore the shortest skirts she could get away with. She had a salad and a packet of dressing when she sat down. Darcy had her prepackaged Weight Watcher's special.
Selene made a sandwich and had bottled water and the rice crispy treat from Jacob.
"So, tell us. What's the damage?" Maggie opened her salad. "Did you nail his balls to the wall?"
"He paid off the car and gave me the settlement."
"I'm glad because I really love your car."
"He wanted this over as quickly as I did." Selene made a face. "He and Ginny are going to Vegas the weekend after our court date."
Maggie’s eyes widened. "You have got to be kidding me?"
"No, that's why he gave me whatever I wanted to sign off yesterday. My attorney told me he is quite anxious."
"I bet she's pregnant," Darcy chimed in without thinking. She saw Selene's hurt look and apologized. "I'm sorry, Selene. I just meant it is so sudden. He's rushing right to the altar."
"The thought did cross my mind too," Selene admitted. "Not my problem anymore. Good for them."
"What an asshole!" Maggie rolled her eyes. "I'm sorry Selene, but I never did like the guy. I told you that."
"Yeah well, it's over." Selene felt her mood plummet just talking about it. "Can we forget about Jim now? I'd like to move on."
"Here, here. So how's the book coming?" Maggie asked.
"Yeah, did you do anymore writing?" Darcy opened her microwaved lunch and eyed her expectantly.
Selene had the opportunity to tell them her lead character was alive and living in her computer, but decided they would both think she lost it. Telling them Tristan was helping her rewrite her manuscript wouldn’t go over well.
"No, just a little revision here and there," she lied smoothly. "I finally unpacked yesterday."
"Good. I was ready to do it for you the last time I was over. ‘Bout time," Maggie opened her Diet Coke and took a swig. "It will feel like home in no time."
"Selene what are you going to do with the money?" Darcy whispered. "Have you thought about that? You know Ted is a financial planner for AG Edwards. He would be happy to talk to you."
Ted was Darcy's chubby boyfriend. Selene appreciated it. She wasn’t ready to plan the future just yet. 
"I'm going to sit tight for now."
"Oh my God! Did you guys hear the latest?" Maggie leaned forward, her voice lowered to a whisper. "We just got a new gym teacher. I heard he's a total babe."
Selene could care less. She listened to them gossip about the new gym teacher. Her mind was wandering to Tristan and his dilemma. She knew she was suffering from some sort of delusion. She was seeing Dr. Saunders and was eager to resolve her obvious breakdown. There was no way what was happening was real. Common sense told her to get help.
Selene wasn’t paying attention when she was walking down the hall to leave the school. She bumped into a hard body. She looked up with an apology on her lips. She froze, staring up into the bluest pair of eyes she had ever seen.
He had short, spiky blond hair and was quite tall, nearly six-four, give or take. Maggie was right. He was a babe. She knew from the sticker with his name on it she was looking at Axel Gifford. Coach Gifford. Selene could see how attractive he was. He had the other female teachers in an uproar. Word had it he was single, putting them all in a furor.
  "I'm sorry. I wasn’t watching where I was going." Selene felt herself flushing in embarrassment.
"It's okay. I didn’t see you coming either. I’m lost.” 
“Where do you need to go?"
"I have to find my new office," Axel replied and frowned. "It's been moved down to the gym. Room 125. Do you know it?"
Selene looked at the piece of paper he handed her and smiled. "It's not a room, Mr. Gifford. It’s a closet."
Axel looked slightly put out. "A closet? You have to be kidding?"
"It's a big closet. Come on. I'll show you," Selene offered generously as she turned in the hall in direction of the gym. "It's bigger than the office you had, trust me. I'm Selene Weston by the way. I teach fourth grade English."
"Good to meet you, Selene, I’m—" he began and smiled, looking down at the sticker. "You know who I am already."
"Yes, it's not often we get a new teacher here. You’re the talk of the town," Selene joked as they went through the doors leading to the gym. 
Axel followed her to a large closet off the gym. She opened the door and showed him inside, turning on the light.  A desk and a chair was there, buried under sporting equipment.
"This is it. And as you can see, It's much bigger than your cubby in the office," Selene saw his look of relief. "It's quieter too."
"When you said closet I didn’t think it would be this big."
"Coach Denton liked being off to himself. You will learn to appreciate it."
Axel frowned. "I heard I have some pretty big shoes to fill."
Selene met his dark blue gaze and saw his insecurity. "It was time for Howard to retire. He has been the gym teacher here for thirty years."
Axel nodded and stepped into the closet that was now his office, raising a golden eyebrow. "Do you have any idea if I have an internet connection down here?"
"We have WIFI. You should be fine. You don't have a phone line though."
Axel looked grateful as he looked down at her. "Thank you so much, Selene. Today has been overwhelming."
Selene felt her heart skip a beat at his look and wanted to kick herself. She was acting like one of her students over a cute boy. She smiled brightly and wondered if she looked like the dork her students would call her.
"No need. I know how it is to be the new guy, "she offered, "Is this the first teaching position?"
"Yeah. I just finished college six months ago. I was a foreman at GM for fourteen years until I lost my job. I took enough classes up until then to finish my degree in elementary education. I took the coaching job until a place opens up in the science department."
"You won't have a long wait," she informed him. "We can't keep science teachers. My friend Maggie has been here the longest. You will get a regular gig in no time."
"I sure appreciate you helping me, Selene," Axel thanked her warmly and smiled down at her. "How about lunch sometime? You can bring me up to speed on how things roll here at Grand Blanc?"
Selene almost gaped at him. He was asking her out to the school cafeteria. Did that constitute a real date? It was a date either way you looked at it. Her heart began to beat frantically under his warm regard.
"Sure. I usually take lunch at eleven every day. My friends and I sit in the lounge. Look for me." She felt self-conscious by the way he looked at her.
Selene had taken extra time with her appearance today as a means to feel better about putting her best face forward the first day of being single. She wore her favorite light blue suit-dress. She knew she looked nice. Mr. Rutgers from the history department and resident pervert had been checking her out all day.
"I guess I'll go to my truck and start unpacking my stuff," he added as he looked at the mess in the closet.
"Alright. I have to take off anyway." Selene wondered why she lingered in the doorway anymore. The guy was an eyeful. That was why.  "Good luck, Axel and welcome to Grand Blanc."
"Thanks Selene. It was good to meet you," he offered warmly and his startling blue eyes made her feel hot all over.
Selene turned and walked out of the gym, feeling a shortness of breath until she hit the parking lot. She realized she was acting like a jerk and released the breath she was holding. Axel Gifford was certainly easy on the eyes and a definite improvement to Howard Denton.  When she was halfway home she realized she had been lost in a risqué fantasy about Axel and forced herself to come back to the present. She really needed to get a grip. Divorced one day and she was drooling over the new gym teacher. Still, just thinking about the handsome Axel Gifford made her feel decidedly giddy.
Selene went home and collected her mail from her box, leafing through bills mostly. She went up to her apartment and let herself in, setting her purse and keys on the island bar separating the kitchen and living room. 
She noticed she had ten blinking messages on the answering machine and frowned. Two messages were from her attorney, one from Darcy, and the rest were from Jim.
He sounded annoyed to say the least. She picked up the phone and dialed him, knowing he was still at the office. He answered on the first ring.
"Selene, we have to talk." 
She heard a touch of irritation in his voice. "’Bout what?" Selene asked, sounding casual. "I signed off yesterday, Jim. You got what you wanted.
"Selene, I cleaned out my savings and liquidated everything to give you a fair settlement," he complained tightly. "At least you could do is give me back the ring. I paid ten grand for it. I'd like to return it if I could."
Selene counted to ten mentally. "It was a gift. I'm not required to give it back, Jim. We both know you plan on giving it to her. Don't lie."
Jim paused. Selene knew he was debating whether to continue lying to her or fess up. Obviously, he didn’t know when to quit.
"Why would you want it?" He nearly whined.
"It's mine, Jim. I earned it, unlike your fiancée, so don't ask me again. If you can't afford to buy her a ring that's your problem, not mine."
"Why are you being this way, Selene?" Jim asked wearily. "When did you get so selfish and bitter? It isn’t flattering at all."
"Bitter and selfish?" She gave a scornful laugh. "Coming from you, I suppose it would seem that way. You never thought of anyone but yourself since this all began."
"I didn’t call to fight. I thought since I shelled out another sixty grand to pay off your damn car you would be reasonable! My mistake."
"Jim, I'm keeping the ring. You don't have to keep bugging me."
"Selene, this divorce has cleaned me out!"
"Not my problem," Selene added tightly. "I hope she was worth it, Jim. I don't owe you anything but a bit of advice. When you get tired of paying Ginny's way and you realize you screwed up, I don't want to hear from you."
Selene hung up the phone before he could reply. She knew he hated that. She smirked, always liking getting the last word in. She knew she was being petty. Jim was broke obviously. She took little pleasure knowing he couldn’t afford to buy Ginny a ring.
She flipped on the computer. The screen popped up to Tristan's room. He was practicing sword stances and had his tunic off. He was naked from the waist up. His rippling arms and chest astounded her. Her eyes slid over him and her mouth went dry. 
Who knew she could write such perfect abs? 
Tempted to sigh just for the sheer pleasure of watching him, she slid into the chair.
Tristan seemed oblivious of her as he went through his exercises. Selene was fascinated despite feeling like a voyeur. His body was a thing of beauty. While she looked at Tristan, she noted how much he looked like Axel in some ways. She squirmed by how quickly she thought of the handsome gym teacher.
"I can hear you, Selene." Tristan swung around with his sword, grinning as he stopped to look up, looking so devastatingly attractive Selene felt herself getting warm. "Do you like what you see?"
"I wasn’t gawking! Get over yourself, pal," she scoffed, knowing he didn’t believe her. His smile widened.
"Ah, it's quite alright." He flexed his massive arms. "I’m used to women looking at me."
"Yeah well, since I created you I suppose I also made you conceited.  My bad," Selene said in disgust as he chuckled.
Tristan appeared in no hurry to put his tunic back on. She found his chest far too distracting. He seemed to know how he affected her even if he couldn’t see her. He sat at the table and stretched out.
"What did you teach today, Selene?"
"The usual. Reading. Writing. Grammar." She saw him frown.
"You can read and write?" He seemed genuinely surprised.
"Yes of course. How would I teach English if I couldn’t?"
"That is very impressive for a woman," he admitted and looked away, a sad look upon his face. "Gideon didn’t have such knowledge to impart to me."
Selene sat forward, eyes wide. 
Tristan couldn’t read or write? 
How does an English teacher-turned-author make her hero illiterate? 
She wracked her brain and determined she had given Tristan no formal schooling. Gideon taught him to fight and little else. If he were to take over the earldom of Montfort, he would need to learn.
"Would you like to learn to read and write?" She saw him perk up. "I can write you in some books and things to help you make your letters. We can work on that first."
"Would you?" He asked hopefully. "It would give me something to do, Selene. I’m growing very bored."
"Of course. No problem.  It’s my fault for not writing in any educational background for you when I started this. It was my mistake. Of course you must know how to read and write."
Tristan looked like she had given him the greatest of gifts. She wished all of her students felt that way and pulled up her file. She typed in a kindergarten level alphabet workbook. She hit save and smiled as he opened it in pleasure on the screen. She hastily went back to the file to type in a pencil for him. That would make it easier for him.
She watched Tristan holding the pencil and smiled. He looked dumbfounded until she explained which end to use. Soon, he was absorbed with making his letters and she left him alone.
Selene had papers to grade anyway. She kept an eye on Tristan while he learned to form letters. She was very impressed by his dedication to learn to read but then she had written him to be ambitious and determined. She didn’t doubt he would learn how to read by the time she finished the book.
"Selene, I’m done with the book," he told her finally.
She looked up from the couch in surprise. She got up and went to the desk, seeing him hold up the book for her inspection, turning each page to show he had indeed gone through A thru Z, upper and lower case, no doubt, and in only an hour.  Impressed, she typed in a first grade workbook and smiled to see him snatch it up and get busy.
Tristan finished that in an astounding amount of time as well. She wrote in grades two through five and a basic phonics workbook.  Before she went to bed, he was sounding out his phonics with alarming accuracy.
"I have to get up early," she informed him as he nodded, not looking up from the third grade workbook. "Try to take a break. At the rate you’re going, you will graduate from high school before I get home from work tomorrow."
His answer was a definite grunt. She turned down the sunshine on the computer and went into her bedroom to get ready for bed.
She took a shower, enjoying the feel of the warm water. It was not long before she was having quite racy fantasies about her book character, imagining him in the shower with her. Feeling his big hands sliding over her as she washed, she sighed in delight.  Her hands shook as they slid over her swollen breasts, closing her eyes and feeling Tristan's mouth pulling at the stiffening peaks with slow, ruthless precision. The bath puff lowered between her legs and she gasped, keeping her eyes closed. Her hand grasped the shower door as the puff brought her to a shuddering climax within minutes.
By the time she rinsed off, she was breathless. Tristan's face had merged with Axel Gifford's making her disconcerted to say the least. She toweled off and shook off the disturbingly decadent imagery during her shower. She really needed to get a grip.
Darcy met her in the faculty lounge the next morning, a Tim Horton's cup in one hand, a lesson plan in the other. Her cute round face was always at its perkiest in the morning. Darcy was definitely a morning person.
"It's Friday!" she chirped, sitting with her at their table. "Maggie wants to do Happy Hour in honor of your new status."
"Yeah," Selene tried to sound enthusiastic. "I'm real sorry. I'm just not feeling festive."
Darcy frowned, blue eyes sympathetic, but unrelenting. "Selene we haven't been out in months. It will do you good. Ted is away at a conference and Maggie said Biff is in New York trying out for a part."
"His name is Burke, not Biff," Selene reminded with a giggle. "Now you’re doing that deliberately. You know his name."
"He will always be a Biff to me." Darcy rolled her eyes. "What does Maggie see in him? He's as dumb as a pet rock."
"A pet rock doesn't have a twelve pack."
"Yeah, well some things are more important than looks. As soon as Biff gets a part, he'll be gone and you know it." Darcy fretted over this constantly, knowing Maggie was doomed for heartbreak. "She's paying for it all too. Did you know that?"
Selene felt uncomfortable knowing how much Burke was taking Maggie for a ride. She had been so involved in her own matters the last six months, she was not aware of how much Maggie was investing in Burke.
"You’re kidding right?" Selene grew concerned. "She can't afford that. Where did she get the money to finance his trips to New York?"
Darcy looked worried. "Selene, she took out loans. Where have you been? She's up to her eyeballs in debt now, and it's to further Biff's career."
Selene had little time to answer because Maggie soon joined them, looking pensive and quiet. She was never a morning person, but the worry lines around her eyes were noticeable. Selene felt guilty for checking out on her friends the last six months. It was obvious Maggie was in trouble.
"I just heard Burke is in New York trying out for a part." Selene saw Maggie's lips tighten. "How'd he do?"
"He got it. It’s an underwear commercial for Calvin Klein," Maggie explained tightly, and suddenly her face looked stark and vulnerable with hurt. "He's not coming back. You might as well know he took me to the cleaners if Darcy hasn't already filled you in."
Selene didn’t know what to say.
Darcy came to the rescue. "Honey, we all do stupid stuff for love. Trust me. John even took our only TV when he left. I know how you feel."
Maggie looked devastated. "He used me. I guess a part of me knew it. I just didn’t want to admit I wrecked my life for nothing."
"You didn’t wreck your life, Maggie." Selene put in her two cents. "It's his loss. What goes around comes around. How long can he model underwear anyway? Give me a break!"
"Just say it, Selene. I'm an idiot!" Maggie grumbled her dark eyes wounded. "You told me I was making a mistake leaving Jack for Burke. You were right. At least take credit for it."
Selene gazed at her friend consolingly. "We have to find out on our own, Maggie. Nothing we could have said would have stopped you then. I think you were miserable with Jack. Latching onto Burke was just a means to get out of the marriage. Write it off."
"Easy for you to say!" Maggie snapped. "You aren't eighty thousand in debt!"
Selene gasped, her brown eyes wide in dismay. "Oh my God, Maggie! What the hell have you done?"
Maggie smiled bitterly. "Go ahead. Say it. I'm a damned idiot!"
"You’re a damned idiot!" Selene exclaimed, aware of other teachers in the lounge now.
"I mortgaged my house, took out loans, high interest loans too," Maggie confided and tears filled her eyes. "Burke said he'd pay me back when he hit the big time. I got carried away."
"Well, don't count on it now," Selene replied knowingly and shrank from the misery on Maggie's pretty face. "What are you going to do?"
Maggie wiped the tears. "Pay for the rest of my life probably."
"Maggie, if you need to borrow some money—" she began, but Maggie cut her off.
"No! Hell no, Selene! After what Jim did to you, if you think I would accept a loan from you, forget it! I deserve this. No, I got myself into this. I'll get myself out. I may have to work the summers for the next ten years, but it's my fault."
"You’re sure?" Selene could see Maggie would accept no help from them.
"Yeah, don't worry." Maggie insisted. "You can buy drinks tonight, though."
"You’re on," Selene promised and reached out and squeezed her hand. "I'll make them all doubles, okay?"
"You guys are the best friends anybody could ever have." Maggie smiled through her tears. "I’ll never ignore your warnings ever again, I swear."
Darcy raised an eyebrow. "That's pushing it, sister."
Maggie chuckled. "Yeah, you’re right."
Just then, they all became aware of Axel Gifford coming into the lounge. The handsome coach was dressed in casual khaki's and a pullover with the schools logo on it. All three of them sighed in unison. Darcy giggled and her round face flushed.
"Thank God Howard retired," she whispered.
"He seems really nice," Selene added. "I showed him to his new office yesterday."
"And?" Maggie pressed her, thinking there was more to the story.
"That's it. I showed him to the gym. We talked for a bit. What did you expect me to do? Jump his bones right there in the gym?" Selene felt her face grow hot to think of the shower scene last night.
"I would have. He's hot." Maggie's lips curved appreciatively, never taking her eyes off him. "Things are looking up. I'm going to take an interest in sports, I can see that."
Selene was shocked at the mild feeling of jealousy that came over her at how Maggie staked her claim to the handsome gym coach. She knew how Maggie was. The timing of Burke leaving her to start his career as an underwear model and the new teacher's arrival could not have been better.
"Watch and learn, ladies." Maggie rose from the table and adjusted her navy skirt. "I'm inviting him out to meet us for drinks tonight."
"It's girl's night out!" Darcy protested.
"What can it hurt?" Maggie eyed Selene hopefully. "Come on, Selene, two against one we invite Coach Hottie?"
"Go ahead. I don't care," Selene earned a scowl from Darcy.
They both watched Maggie work the room in her approach to the gym teacher noting every man in the room was riveted. Mr. Rutgers looked like he was struggling to breathe as she passed.
"Selene, why do you encourage her?" Darcy watched Maggie introduce herself to Axel and work her wiles on him. "She hasn't even gotten over Burke yet. The last thing she needs is to start something new."
"Hey, she's a big girl, Darcy," Selene pointed out, miffed for some reason to see Axel smiling down at Maggie. "We both know she wouldn't listen."
Darcy looked slightly put out when Maggie returned to inform them that Axel would be joining them at Ma Belle's at eight. The bar was their hangout and had been for years. It was a small, intimate bar. They had karaoke on Friday night. Maggie usually sang for them, having a very Cher-like voice.  Axel would be putty in her hands. Selene could see that and felt a pang of disappointment for some reason.
Selene barely knew the man. Their lunch date came to mind and she dismissed it. He was just being nice. Maggie had every right to pursue him. Why did she feel like a fourth grader now, wanting to throw a very definite fit to know Maggie set her sights on the gym teacher?
CHAPTER FOUR

Selene practically ran out of the therapist's office to get home and get ready for Happy Hour. She rushed through her session with Dr. Saunders and even avoided speaking of Tristan, too excited to get out of there to address the real reasons she was there. She knew she had a serious crush on the gym teacher when half her closet wound up on the floor of her room and she was still in her panties.
She wished she had broken down and went shopping now. She had no sexy bar clothes like Maggie. The best she could come up with was a black sequined tank top and black military-style jacket she bought for New Year’s Eve and never wound up going out.
She paired it with casual faded distressed jeans and black ballet flats. While she would at least look stylish, she would not be able to compete with Maggie. The woman had a serious wardrobe and would show up to Ma' Belle's looking like a video vixen.
Selene went a little crazy with the make-up, realizing when she went ballistic with the eyeliner she was more than competing with Maggie and she hadn't even left the house. She even broke out the hot rollers.
For pity's sake, the man was coming for a drink! 
He didn’t ask for all this. Selene cautioned herself to realize for all they knew, Axel Gifford was in a relationship. Guys who looked like him were rarely single and available. Still, she was excited as she did her hair. For the first time in a long time, she got ready for a man.
Selene applied red lipstick. She looked at herself when she was done and smiled. Maggie might have supermodel good looks, but she had definite competition tonight.
She picked up Darcy at seven-thirty, pleased her friend managed to get a sitter despite the last minute get together. Darcy was dressed in her simple style of cotton stretch pants and a long tunic-like top, neither caring or having even done her hair. It was obvious by Darcy's expression when she saw her that her appearance raised questions. She buckled her seat belt and eyed her knowingly.
"Selene, you look hot!" She squealed in pleasure. "You’re even wearing eyeliner! What's going on?"
"What do you mean?" Selene's tone was innocent.
"You haven't worn eyeliner since we went to that Halloween party seven years ago, that's why," Darcy reminded her. "Oh this ought to be good. You got the hots for the gym teacher too."
"I do not!"
"Yeah, ya do." Darcy smirked. "You haven't really done your hair up like that since we went on that cruise to that resort five years ago and you thought George Clooney was going to be there."
"Why is it that when I get dressed up you always think it's for a guy?" Selene complained. "Why wouldn't I want to look good right now, Darcy? My husband left me for another woman."
Darcy chuckled. "You want Coach Gifford. This is priceless!"
Selene sighed. "Is it that obvious?"
"Only to me. Maggie is too full of herself to notice. I won't tell though. Good luck, hope ya snag him. She needs to stay away from men right now."
Selene knew Darcy would never tell Maggie she had a crush on the gym teacher.
  They arrived at the bar. Maggie texted them she was on her way. Selene fidgeted nervously while they sat at a table and ordered drinks. The bar was packed. They were lucky a couple vacated their table to them.
Selene felt self-conscious. 
Darcy sent her a consoling look. "Don't worry I think he's more interested in you than her."
"How could you know that?" Selene said loudly over the chatter and music.
"He's been asking around about you," Darcy yelled back, her voice carrying over the noise. "He asked Margie in the office if you were married. You know Marge! She filled him in."
Selene looked dumbfounded and then annoyed. Margery Cummings, the office secretary was a horrible gossip. The older woman probably told Axel all about Jim leaving her for his secretary. Everyone knew. Jim was hardly discreet. He and Ginny were seen all over town together. Grand Blanc was a small town. Everybody knew everybody, or a friend that did. Her business was all over town.
"Great, that's all I need." Selene twirled her straw in her drink. "He's probably just feeling sorry for me now."
Darcy looked over her shoulder. "No, I think he's moving in on you. Here he comes."
Selene turned her head to see Axel shouldering his way through the crowd to get to their table. She was again struck by how good-looking he was. Many female eyes watched his progress with interest as he approached. He was dressed casually in jeans that more than accentuated his fit form. His pale blue button up shirt fit his wide shoulders perfectly.
Selene could feel his appreciative gaze sweep over her as he greeted them both and slid in next to Darcy in their booth.  Darcy was preening as he asked her about her math class. Selene was struck again by the inordinate amount of interested glances he snuck during their conversation.
Before he could turn his attention to her, Maggie arrived, looking like a vamp in the sexy animal print mini and heels. Her long dark hair was loose with bouncy curls and she looked ravishing and knew it.
Maggie sat next to her and ordered a drink, her dark eyes animated as they engaged Axel. Selene couldn’t get a word in edgewise if she wanted to. Maggie saw some people she knew and bounded out of the booth to go greet them. Axel appeared slightly relieved and eyed Selene with a smile.
"So what are we celebrating?" he asked. "Your friend was rather vague when she invited me."
"Selene's divorce was final yesterday," Darcy piped in and earned a kick under the table from Selene for it.
Axel's eyes softened. "I'm sorry, divorce is tough. I was married six years ago. My ex ran off with a guy in an eighties cover band, left my kids high and dry, and took off. I know how it feels."
"You have kids?"
"Yeah, my oldest is almost ready to finish college," he said as he fumbled with his wallet. "My youngest is in her first year."
Selene accepted the pictures of both girls and saw the pretty blondes, obviously inheriting their looks from their father. "You look too young to have two college students."
Axel smiled and she saw he had the most amazing dimples. "We had Elizabeth one year into my college career. Rebecca came along four years later. I'm going to be forty in a month."
Selene handed him back his pictures, trying to ignore her own excitement to know Axel was single and available.
"It must have been tough raising two teenage girls alone," was all she could manage.
He reflected it with a grimace. "It's a thankless job but somebody had to do it. They turned out good. They both got accepted to Michigan State, my Alma Mater."
"You went to State?" Selene asked curiously. "My dad taught in the English department there for years. He's retired now. Did you have any classes with Professor Campbell?"
"No, I had Professor Nash. That was bad enough." He wore a pained expression. "English class has never been my favorite. You have my admiration."
"Science isn't an easy major. I'd be lost there."
"I played football on a scholarship until I tore my shoulder. That's when I went to work for the shop.” He appeared grateful the room grew quieter now that they were setting up for karaoke. "I took classes when I could. My wife didn’t work, and until they pink-slipped me, I didn’t have the opportunity to finish. I always wanted to teach."
Selene admired his determination to get his degree. "What happened to the girls’ mother?"
Axel shrugged and rolled his eyes. "She's with another guy in another band, and travels on the road with him a lot. She doesn't see the girls much. They took the divorce pretty bad."
  Darcy was looking between them with avid interest, listening to their conversation as if it was one of her beloved soap operas.
"That's too bad." Selene was secretly glad Axel's wife decided to hook up with a band member and bolt.
"It was inevitable." He sipped his beer. "We were too young when we got married and wanted different things. Linda never got past that party stage in high school. The marriage was never an easy one. We fought constantly. I think I felt relief when she took off, even if I was angry for the kids' sake."
Selene nodded and nursed her drink thoughtfully, feeling an intense attraction growing for Axel Gifford despite her warning voices telling her it was way too soon.
"So what about you?" Axel asked. "Why are you getting a divorce?"
Selene seemed surprised he asked such a question right off, but he obviously thought it fair since she asked him about his wife. She chose her words carefully, not wanting to convey the hurt she still felt.
"He met someone else too," she stated simply. "We didn’t have kids, but I do miss my dog."
"What kind of dog?"
"She's a blonde lab named Daisy." Selene felt a tug of anguish that she couldn’t take Daisy. The apartment wouldn't allow pets and the dog already had a huge yard at the house. It seemed wrong to take all that away from her dog just because she was lonely. Jim adored Daisy. She would hardly suffer in her absence. 
"Oh, that's tough. Those are my favorite dogs. They’re so smart. I had one growing up."
Maggie came back and effectively interrupted their conversation, and as usual it was all about her. Then, without taking a breath, Maggie talked of something less desirable.
"You wouldn't believe who’s here, Selene!" she squealed. "That skank that's living with Jim just walked in with her girlfriends."
Selene looked sick to know Ginny was there. Thinking of Jim's reaction to know his fiancée was at Happy Hour with her girlfriends wouldn't go over too well. Jim didn’t think it appropriate for a woman to go out when she was in a relationship. He said it just caused trouble. Ginny and her friends sat at the bar ordering shots.
It was obvious she was enjoying her status having a lawyer as a boyfriend. Selene saw the petite blonde hand off what she assumed was Jim's Gold Card and cringed. He would have a fit. Jim never put food or drinks on his credit cards. He said paying interest on food was asinine. She would love to see his face when he got the bill.
"We can leave if you feel uncomfortable." Axel looked concerned as he saw her tense expression.
"No, I'm used to running into her. We have the same hair dresser too," Selene disclosed with a disgusted expression.  "That's how I found out about the affair. She talked about it in the salon."
Axel looked like he would have said something but Maggie interrupted. "We are not leaving, Selene! Forget about it. She only comes here because she knows you do, I'll bet."
Selene had to agree. Ginny had been very good about making her presence known from the beginning of the affair. Showing up at Selene's hair salon, favorite bar, and even shopping in her favorite stores was just the tip of the way she flaunted her relationship with Jim. It was obvious Ginny enjoyed the whole drama. Selene hadn’t spoken one word to the woman outside the phone when she worked in Jim's office. Ginny seemed to crave a confrontation that never came.
"No, I'm fine, we don't have to leave," Selene assured Maggie but her eyes met Axel's. "She likes the girl drama, that's all. If you notice her, she will be here all night. If you ignore her, she and her friends will leave, trust me."
"I know a little place out off of Dixie Highway." He looked over at the bar worriedly. "It's called The Boat Dock. The tables are old boats. It's pretty rustic and they have live music too."
Darcy looked delighted to leave, but Maggie pouted.
"I just got here." Her eyes darted to a cluster of young men who just walked in. The cougar in Maggie wouldn’t allow her to leave. "You guys go ahead. I'm staying."
"Selene, you want to go check it out?" Axel challenged her.
Selene didn’t want Ginny to have the satisfaction of running her off. The blonde and her friends kept looking over at them and whispering like adolescents. Still, the bar Axel mentioned sounded interesting. She rarely went out. The opportunity to go somewhere new won out.
"Okay, I'm game." 
Maggie told them to have a good time and sauntered off, irritated she couldn’t have her way and make them stay. Ginny and her friends watched her walk by with Axel. Selene took some satisfaction to feel Axel's hand in the middle of her back as they made their way through the crowd. She enjoyed what thoughts the blonde must be having, and knew she would carry tales back to Jim. Being seen with a good-looking man didn’t hurt, especially the day after her divorce was settled.
Darcy was chattering excitedly as she got into her car while Axel went to get his truck. Selene followed the full-size grey Chevy truck out of the lot and followed him to the interstate. She waited until they were on I-75 headed south before she addressed Darcy's predictions of Axel's intentions.
"He's just being nice, Darcy," Selene shook her head. "Don't jump to conclusions."
"He's way into you! I see the way he looks at you! He didn’t pay one bit of attention to Maggie either. If a guy passes the Maggie Test you know he's interested."
"The Maggie Test?" Selene gazed at her vaguely.
Darcy looked slightly bitter. "Every guy I met after John left, until the one I'm with now, was gaga over Maggie right off the bat. It's a test. If they can't seem to ignore her, I know they aren't for me. He passed!"
Selene was secretly pleased Axel passed the Maggie Test.
 The Boat Dock was twenty minutes outside of Grand Blanc off Dixie Highway. Selene felt a shiver of anticipation as she pulled into the gravel lot. Axel parked next to her and Darcy nearly jumped out of the car, looking excited to check out the place.
Axel smiled as he looked her car over. "I guess I can forgive you for not buying American since I don't work for GM anymore."
She smiled guiltily. "My first car was a Cutlass."
"You’re forgiven." 
Darcy was shivering slightly. For late April in mid-Michigan it was still quite chilly in the evening. They three of them entered the rustic building and passed a tattooed guy that sat at the door checking ID's that barely looked up when they passed by him.
Axel received several catcalls from regulars at the bar. The place was quiet. The band was setting up. There were less than thirty people in the bar. All of the booths were old wooden boats.
Darcy was obviously delighted to step out somewhere else and said she was having something stronger than a Fuzzy Navel as they sat in their boat. Axel chuckled at her enthusiasm.
"I'm sorry we couldn’t lure Maggie here, but she wouldn't have appreciated it," he said as a cute waitress in a cut off tee came to their table to take their drink orders.
"I'll have a Jack and Coke," Darcy piped up and earned a surprised look from Selene. She shrugged. "I'm feelin' dangerous, sister!"
"Easy Danger, I don't want you upchucking in my car on the way home," Selene warned and smiled to see Darcy's excitement.
Axel ordered another beer and Selene had a rum and Coke. "You’re not feeling dangerous too?" he asked.
"No, I save that for when I don't have to drive," Selene replied. "That's playing it pretty safe."
"Smart lady," he noted and chuckled. "I can't remember leaving here some nights. Probably not the smartest course. It was right after Linda left. I got through it."
"Are you dating anyone?" Selene asked before she could stop herself. Darcy seemed to hang on his words too.
"No. Not anymore." He looked a bit annoyed. "She didn’t believe in what I was doing."
"Is this a sensitive subject?"
"No. Not at all. I dated a woman I worked with." Axel looked away. "When the layoffs started she held onto a sinking ship. She refused to believe GM would go under and people would lose their jobs. We worked in a plant where fourteen years seniority doesn't count for much. She had two years in more than me. I went back to school when I heard the buzz. She was offered a job down in Ohio. I opted to finish school and stay here. I got kids in college. I couldn’t just go."
"I'm sorry." Selene was secretly pleased the woman jumped ship for Ohio.
"No, I’m not. I saw how we wanted different things is all," Axel replied and sipped his beer. "Anyway, my daughters didn’t like her. It was a problem."
Selene didn’t know what to say and stayed quiet, taking in all he said.
"So now that you heard the story of my life, tell me your story," Axel urged.
"Selene is a writer," Darcy chimed in as Selene sent her a scathing look.
"What do you write?" Axel asked with sudden interest.
"I'm writing a novel."
"About what?" Axel persisted.
Selene could feel her face grow hot.
"It's a romance novel," Darcy supplied and sipped her drink. "She's been writing it for six months."
Selene wanted the boat they sat in to sink at that moment, too embarrassed to face Axel's amusement. Jim had laughed his head off when he learned she was writing a romance novel.
"That's great, Selene." Axel's tone was sincere. "What's it about?"
"You don't have to pretend to be interested."
"No, I am. I swear," Axel insisted. "I had sisters. They had those books. I used to read the sexy parts in the bathroom sometimes."
Darcy hooted with laughter at that.
Selene smiled, imagining what Axel was doing in the bathroom with one of those books.
"It's not as easy as you would think." Selene grimaced. "Getting all the time period stuff right is nerve-wracking. I had my character using a pistol before they were even invented, stuff like that."
Axel seemed impressed. "I never got passed college term papers. That's impressive, Selene. Why are you acting like your embarrassed?"
Selene looked down at her drink. "My husband mocked me quite a bit when I was researching the genre. He said they were smut books, and I would never be taken seriously for my writing if I chose to write one."
"Ouch! Nice guy. Why didn’t  he just cut off your hands while he was at it so you couldn’t write at all?"
Darcy seemed to enjoy that, chortling into her drink. Selene could see Darcy was getting a buzz on. She never had anything stronger than a Fuzzy Navel in her life. The bourbon would go to her head quick.
"He only reads the New York Times. What does that tell you?" Selene joked. "We live in Grand Blanc, Michigan."
Axel nodded. "I know guys like that. They’re too good for everyone. Ah well, when you get published you can send him an autographed copy of your book."
"I have to finish it."
"Where are you at in it?" 
  "Chapter eight, but I have some revisions to do." She didn’t need Axel knowing she was carrying on a psychotic relationship with a character in her book. 
"If you ever want someone to give you a guy’s point of view, I'm open."
Thinking she already had that living in her computer made her smile. Tristan was determined to have something to say about everything she wrote now. He was getting bossy too.
"I'll let ya know."
Darcy noticed she was being stalked by a guy near the bar. She giggled as the man did his best to catch her eye. "I think I'm going to like this place."
Selene saw the man saunter over and grimaced. He had long brown hair, wore a Harley Davidson tee shirt, and had a chain key ring dangling from his hip. She cringed inwardly at the tattoos up and down his forearms. He smiled at Darcy, nodding to Axel.
"Hey, what's up, Sal?" Axel asked. "How are things at the plant?"
"Same old, you know what." Sal looked at Darcy with a crooked smile. "I need a pool partner. You wanna join me, beautiful?"
Darcy giggled again. Selene looked at her friend in amazement as she nodded and got up. She took her drink with her and followed the longhaired Sal to the pool tables in the corner.
"Sal's a good guy. She'll be okay, but he's a shark at pool."
Selene relaxed until she realized she and Axel were alone. She felt shy suddenly.
"Did my asking about the divorce bother you?" His blue eyes met hers with concern.
"No, I should be used to it by now," Selene replied reluctantly. "You never think it's going to end up this way when you get married. It's surreal."
"You still love him, don't you?" Axel watched her face closely.
"I wouldn't say that, but I'm still hurting," Selene admitted and sighed. "I think it would have been different if he hadn't done it so coldblooded. If he met Ginny after we split up maybe I'd be okay. I think that bothers me more, feeling like a fool."
"He's the fool." Selene saw his eyes darken slightly. "That little blonde back at Ma Belle's is gonna take him for a joy ride."
"Yeah, Ginny is pretty transparent. Jim fell for her pretty hard though."
"What does your ex-husband do for a living?"
"He's an attorney," Selene said and could see Axel's eyes widen slightly.
"That explains the fancy car you drive. Most teachers don't drive BMW's. Our principal doesn't even have one of those."
Selene was not about to defend the fact her husband was wealthy. She knew Jim worked for everything he had. He might be a louse, but she remembered he worked sixteen hours a day to get his practice going when he started out.
"My ex might be a colossal prick for what he did to me, but he's a good attorney. He worked his ass off to get where he is," she explained defensively. "That's one thing I can't say about Jim. He worked hard for everything he's got."
"I'm not putting him down for being rich, Selene. I made an observation."
"It's okay, I just get that from a lot of the teachers at the school," she said and smiled apologetically. "I think many of them were pleased to see my marriage go caput, just out of spite because we were well off."
"Were?" he asked with a chuckle. "Don't tell me Jimmy lost his ass in the divorce, did he?"
Selene giggled and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, he had to buy me out of the house, our stocks, plus he paid off the car. Then he had the nerve to ask for my new engagement ring back because he couldn’t afford to buy one for Ginny."
Axel choked on his beer. "You’re kidding?"
"No, he called me yesterday and said he was going to return it. He gave it to me for Christmas. What jewelry store have you ever heard of that accepts returns this late?"
"None. Good for you. Don't be nice about it. Let him feel the burn," Axel suggested approvingly.
"I know it's petty." Selene looked down, away from his blue gaze." I should have given it back to him. I couldn’t stomach the idea of her flaunting it all over town. I can't bring myself to even wear it."
"It's the principle. I get it. Linda and her boyfriend came to town for one of his gigs at a metal bar out on Dort Highway one time. They wanted to stay at the house. She didn’t understand why I said no."
Selene looked appalled. "I'm impressed. Your ex has more nerve than mine."
"Linda is a piece of work. I would have done it for the kids, but they threatened to cut his hair off if I let them."
"You learn a lot about yourself when something like this happens. Ginny was just the symptom of a bigger problem in my marriage. Guys don't cheat when they’re happy."
"Yeah, it took me a while to see that. I didn’t handle it well. I think I was a mess for about a year afterward. If it hadn't been for my folks and my friends I don't know what I would have done."
"I think Darcy and Maggie held me up through most of it. My parents still live in Grosse Pointe. They don't even know."
Axel looked shocked. "Selene, you haven't told your parents you’re divorced? Why?"
Selene looked at him with a pained look. "I didn’t want to admit my failure. My dad couldn’t stand Jim. My mom has been sick the past year too. I couldn’t lay that on them."
He considered her words, eyeing her speculatively. "I get it. I have a dad you don't want to disappoint either. He retired after forty years from GM. He didn’t like me not going with Jenny down to Ohio. I didn’t even tell him I graduated from college. I knew what he'd say. You don't walk away from a job at the shop, even if it's walking away from you. I knew it would be a matter of time before the problem started up in Ohio, and it has. Jenny is still laid off. I was right not to go, but he saw it as quitting. The shop was my dad's life. He thought the car industry would never end up this way. It was the only choice I had as far as he was concerned. You grow up in a GM household, in a GM town; you get that shoved down your throat all your life."
"I'm sorry about that. So obviously he isn't supportive of your decision to be a teacher now?"
"He said I ruined my life. I can't listen to that. I don't see him much. I saw him two years ago at Christmas. I avoid him pretty much."
"That's how a lot of people are in this town," Selene agreed readily. "They don't get that there is life after GM. At least you aren't one of those who sit around feeling sorry for themselves."
"No, I took it as an opportunity to do what I always wanted to do. Don't get me wrong, I miss the money," Axel reflected with a wistful look. "The girls are gone, the house is paid off. I wanted to do something for myself for once."
"Good for you." Selene admired Axel for doing what he wanted to do despite family pressure.
"Your friend looks like she's having fun," he noted as he looked over to where Darcy played pool with Sal.
"She's going to hate herself in the morning. She usually doesn't drink like this," Selene said and watched Darcy take a shot that sent the cue ball flying off the table with dismay, hearing her friend cackle in laughter.
"She's having fun." Axel smiled over at her. "Are you having fun, Selene?"
"I am," Selene admitted, meeting his warming gaze with little hesitation. "I'm glad Maggie invited you out with us."
"Selene, I'd like to take you out again. What do you say?"
Selene wanted to get up and do the football dance, but she kept her expression controlled. "I would like that. What do you have in mind?"
"A movie? Dinner? I don't care."
"Sounds good. I'll give you my number before we leave." Selene looked away from his intense regard. "I don't want to jump into anything, Axel. It's too soon. Can we just take it slow?"
"Selene, I know what you’re going through." He took her hand and held it loosely. "I can move like molasses if that's what you want."
Darcy's laughter made them both look over. Selene gaped to see her doing the two-step with the man by the pool table. Her friend was really going to hate herself tomorrow.
CHAPTER FIVE

The band started up not long after that. They were a blues band. Selene enjoyed it, her feet tapping under the table. Axel got up and went to the bar to speak with some of his friends from his former job. She went over to where Darcy stood with Sal. Her friend was wasted. She frowned at Sal.
"Hey, go easy on buying her drinks. She hasn't ever had anything stronger than schnapps," she told the man, eyeing him warningly.
"That's cool. I'll keep an eye on her," Sal assured her. "I left the date rape drugs at home by mistake."
Selene glared at him. Axel joined them, smiling to see Selene's outraged expression. "Sal, her friend needs some air. Why don't you show her your Harley?"
Selene saw Darcy giggle and follow Sal out of the bar and shook her head. "She's going to be sick."
Axel grabbed her hand and led her down to where the band warmed up. He was smiling a little wickedly, and a definitely Tristan-like smile that made her melt. "Come on, your off duty, Mother Hen. Let's go up front."
Selene was unsure but his disarming smile swayed her. For one night, she was going to forget about her troubles, give into being with a gorgeous man, and ignore the rules of the game.
"Okay, lead on, but if she drinks anymore you’re driving her home," Selene warned.
It was two in the morning when Darcy was lead on wobbly legs to the car by Selene and Axel. Sal sat on his bike grinning.
"Hey, anytime you want to come on back, Darcy, you got my number in your pocket," he called out.
"Darcy, if you call that guy I'll kill you," Selene seethed as her friend giggled and stumbled.
"He's really a nice, normal guy under the hair and tattoos, Selene."
Selene regarded Axel without expression. She wasn’t going to argue Sal's virtues in a bar parking lot with her drunk friend ready to hurl everywhere. The man fed Darcy drinks all night despite her warnings. It doused her enjoyment of the evening considerably.
"Let's just get her to the car."
Axel eyed her in amusement. "When was the last time you drove a drunk home?"
"Nineteen ninety-eight, I think." Selene frowned as she thought about it. "Maybe it was ninety-nine."
Axel burst out laughing and she sent him a quelling look. They got a giggling Darcy into the car and she shut the door carefully before her friend could flop out.
She sighed and went to her side. Axel looked down at her with a composed expression, but his lips twitched at her irritation.
"I'll call you tomorrow," Axel said.
Selene would have turned to get in the car but he spun her around and his lips came down on hers swiftly, making her gasp. The fantasy of Axel was not even close to what it felt like to kiss him in person. 
His lips were firm and sure as they slid over hers, parting hers easily as his tongue swept inside slowly. She smelled the spicy scent of him and sighed as he pulled her against his hard frame tightly. Selene felt a definite ache in her middle before he lifted his lips from hers, his expression heated and intense.
Selene felt dazed as she got into her car, not quite reacting to the kiss until she was halfway back to Grand Blanc. She touched her burning lips in surprise, her eyes filled with dreamy pleasure. She definitely liked this side to Coach Gifford.
Selene was glad the babysitter was so understanding when they got to Darcy's house. She paid the girl extra and put Darcy to bed and gave the girl a ride home. When she got back to her apartment, she was still giddy from the kiss. Axel was full of surprises, it seemed.
He had been attentive all night. They danced and played pool. She enjoyed herself so much, she regretted the bar closing until she saw how wasted Darcy was. She could hardly walk. The barmaid finally cut her off.
She looked at her computer and bit her lip, feeling guilty for not doing any writing tonight. Tristan was being patient. He must be going out of his mind trapped in the scene she left him in.
 She went and tiptoed over and turned up the light resolution, relieved to see he slept. The workbooks were stacked neatly on the table. She would bet he finished them all. Seeing his face in repose made her nearly sigh. Tristan was glorious to behold. Seeing him asleep made her middle flutter. He was male perfection in both face and form. She felt a wave of guilt for denying him his perfect life.
Selene woke up early despite being out so late. It was eight in the morning when she hovered over her coffee maker. She was determined to do some writing today. That should please Tristan. She would write him in a breakfast fit for a god to make up for her neglecting him all night.
Her dreams the night before confused her. The fantasy of Axel had definitely played out into a sensual interlude, but it was Tristan she saw hovering above her before he kissed her hungrily. She woke bereft to know she harbored such fondness for a man who wasn’t even real. Axel more than deserved a starring role in her sexy dream, but took understudy to Tristan.
Selene sighed, still thinking about the kiss with Axel. Jim hadn't ever liked to kiss.  Very weird, but he didn’t like it. She felt denied a decent make-out session ever since she met him. The sex had been adequate but one-sided. She was ashamed to recall how sometimes she got in the shower afterwards to masturbate because he hadn’t satisfied her. No, Jim was all about sticking it in, getting his, and rolling over and going to sleep. Thinking of her past disappointment had to stop. Jim was out of her life for good.
Two cups of coffee later, she wandered over to her computer. She sat and sipped her coffee. She took the pen out of the messy bun she threw her hair up into. She made some notes about the changes she needed to fix parts of scenes. It was more than frustrating. Abandoning the book was not an option with Tristan trapped in the story as he was. Somehow, she had to backpedal and right all the wrongs she made in his life to insure his future.
She looked up at the screen and touched a key, making the screen light up. A gasp was smothered under her hand to see him standing nude next to a washstand, washing his face and chest. Seeing his taut, perfectly formed backside made her gnaw at her lower lip. 
Did she have to give him such a perfect ass too?
Selene was mortified when he turned and she got up close and personal with Tristan's loins, the much-inflated, enflamed, and swollen region she seemed to linger over. His penis was long and indeed considered big by any measure. 
She forced her eyes away, unable to conceive she had spent so much time on the man's privates. Rhiannon would have been pleased, should have been pleased. She ruined that for her heroine as well.
Perhaps if she hadn’t been so angry then? 
Her earlier writing of the book bled of her rage over Jim's treatment. It was as if she wanted to punish someone and took it out on her hapless characters. The violence in the first five chapters alone was unprecedented for a romance novel.
She had meant to go back and temper it but now it was too late. The damage was done. She had made Tristan do his worst unto his bride and set the tone for disaster. Happily ever after seemed unlikely for them unless she made these changes. An amateur writer never sees these things realistically when they plot a story.
Selene looked back at the screen, grateful he was now dressed.
"Do you like what you created, Selene?" He asked in a scathing voice laced with mockery, his blue eyes narrowed as he looked upward. "Is this what you think about in your lonely bed at night?"
She stiffened from his tone, realizing he was angry at her for abandoning him all night. That didn’t give him the right to be nasty. Her eyes darkened with anger.
"Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed," she remarked and bristled from his amused laughter. "You were created merely for the reader's pleasure, not mine."
Tristan gazed up at the ceiling, a look of disbelief on his face. "Ah Selene, you would lie even if I could see your face. We both know you lust for me. I can hear you panting, even now."
"Enough! This is hardly appropriate." 
"Where were you last night?" 
"That's none of your business," she snapped and glared at the screen. "You’re hardly in a position to demand anything! I met some friends if it’s any business of yours. I don’t answer to you, Tristan!"
He looked furious at her words. "You were with a man!" He accused her, his blue eyes livid. "Don’t lie to me, Selene. Who is this man you snuck away to see?"
"I met Darcy and Maggie and a new teacher at the school. His name is Axel. He just started working there," Selene said quietly and smiled at the memory of the kiss. "I like him. There. Are you satisfied?"
Tristan ignored her then, sitting down to leaf through his workbooks. Selene could see her words bothered him and wondered at it. Maybe he worried her getting involved with someone right now would keep her from rewriting his destiny. Who could know? He refused to speak to her after that. He went through his workbooks quietly while she made notes.
"Are you hungry?" She spoke finally, unable to stand it anymore.
Tristan looked up. She could see he was still angry, but he nodded. "I’m starving. The pizza is all gone."
Selene felt sick to know she let him go on cold pizza the last day and a half. She pulled up the chapter in Word and typed in something she hoped would bring a smile back to his handsome face. When she hit save, she watched him stare at the breakfast extravaganza in front of him in awe.
She wrote in a western omelet, fried potatoes, toast, and a pitcher of orange juice. He looked amazed as he tasted the food. She felt forgiven when he finished. His dark look made her wince. No, he was still mad.
"I’m going to get some writing done today, I promise." She was worrying her lower lip as he went back to the third grade reader he worked on.
He ignored her and she got angry, really angry. What right did he have to treat her this way? She was trying to rewrite his whole existence! He could at least be appreciative. A voice reminded her that she had been the one to screw it up in the first place. She knew no amount of apologies from her would excuse her making him a murderer and a rapist.
Tristan seemed to understand she had placed fast and loose with poetic license with a thought her characters were not real. It was done without malice on her part. Seeing him sitting before her now, so proud and distant made her heart ache somehow.
Selene typed for the next three hours in silence. Tristan worked upon his reading and letters and ignored her completely. She felt wounded by the time she stood up to stretch. She had successfully rewritten three chapters. If she kept going, she could finish it tonight and set him free to pursue the lovely Rhiannon with no skeletons between them anymore.
Selene paused as she sat back down, feeling a pang of jealousy keenly. She created Tristan for Rhiannon and vice versa. Why did she feel such unadulterated fury to think of him with the heroine in her book? This was definitely something she should have discussed with Dr. Saunders, but she had been in a hurry to meet up with Axel.
"I’m ready for you to atone for ignoring me, Selene. I’ll accept whatever apology you have ready."
"Excuse me?" She blinked at the arrogance in his tone. Did he actually just say what he said? Had she written the man to be this cocky? No way was she going to grovel to him! "I have no intention of apologizing to you, Tristan. I have a life outside of this book, even if you don't! You won’t control me until you have it all written to your satisfaction!"
Tristan looked like he would have taken his sword to her if she were in front of him just then. He jumped up from the table and glared up at her, his face reddening in anger.
"Just hurry up and write me out of here! I would get on with this ridiculous farce of yours and be done with it! At least Rhiannon has cause to treat me so poorly!"
"Alright! That's it! I have had enough of the cold shoulder and the attitude, buddy! I go out to meet my friends for an innocent evening, and you go ballistic! I haven't seen the outside of this apartment since I moved into it! I had to get out of here and not think about anything else but myself for a few hours! I'm sorry if that angers you, but I have my own problems, Tristan," she vented angrily and crossed her arms over her chest, a definitely rigid cast to her features.
Tristan seemed to soften a bit at her words. "I’m anxious to get out of this room, Selene. As much as I like the pizza, and the other things you send I am very much wanting to leave here."
"I rewrote the first three chapters. I have four more to go and then we can get you on your way," she promised, seeing him visibly relax. "I could finish it all today, if you wish, but it would be sloppy work.  I would only have to come back to it. We risk you being stuck somewhere else then."
"No, you must get it right," he insisted and paced once more, growing agitated. "I do not care to stay in this room for eternity if that is what this means. I feel as if I’m in hell Selene and this be the punishment for what I have done."
"You mean what I have done, don't you?" She shook her head. "This is not your fault! I did this! I’ll fix it for you, Tristan. I’ll do what I can."
"I did not care if she hated me before, Selene." He was looking morose as he rubbed his stubbly jaw. "I feel ashamed for what I did to her. I did not value her feelings at all. I saw only what I wanted from the marriage. Surely, I am being punished for it?  You are not locked in your room, even if you wrote this. I can hear her crying at night sometimes. It sounds like she is far away, even if she is only on the other side of this castle. I feel her pain like nothing else."
"You can hear her crying?" Selene asked, wondering if he heard her and not his intended bride. She had been weepy of late with the divorce looming. Some nights she had cried herself to sleep this last week, not thinking he could hear her in the next room.
"Yes, I hear her crying and know I’m the cause."
Selene knew for a fact Tristan had heard her and not Rhiannon. The girl was out in the abyss beyond the hall outside his room, as was everyone else in her novel, much like another dimension.
"You must be patient, Tristan. I want to make this perfect for you. I failed so badly up until now. You must trust me."
He smiled sadly. "Do I have any choice? You’re all I have right now. Angering you was unwise. You could leave my world and leave me here in the dark forever."
"In the dark? What do you mean?"
"It is dark, here, Selene," Tristan explained, his arms clasped around behind his back. "When you’re not here it gets so dark I cannot see my hand in front of my face. It is quiet too, not even the sounds of night are heard beyond these walls."
"I don't understand."
Tristan shrugged. "I’m not afraid of the dark. It matches my feelings. However, in truth, I have begun to have fear for the first time in my false existence. I’m afraid this will be my fate."
Selene felt tears spring to her eyes, thinking of him trapped in the dark in the cold abyss that was outside the room and alone. She felt the tears fall, knowing she could do nothing but finish repairing the damage she had done.
"I'm sorry, Tristan," she whispered. "I had no idea what it was like for you there."
Tristan looked up and his expression seemed amused. "I have not gone hungry, Selene. In truth, I have come to like your pizza. I could eat of it daily and never tire of it. Is that what they eat every day in your world?"
"No, just once in a while," she admitted with a laugh. "I'd be as fat as a cow if I ate like that every day."
He mused at her words, smiling. "What do you look like, Selene?"
His question surprised her. "Normal I suppose."
"No, describe yourself." Tristan went to sit at the table and partake of more orange juice. "Describe yourself as you would in your letters please. I would see you."
"I’m five foot-seven inches tall," she began and shrugged. "I have brown hair and brown eyes. I’m of medium build, not fat, and not too skinny."
"That was an awful description, Selene." Tristan rolled his eyes. "You give me the visual of half the serving wenches I have seen in this castle."
Selene felt her irritation rising. What did he expect her to say? She wrote glowing descriptions of everyone but herself. 
"What do you wish me to say?"
"Are you fair as a rose or as ugly as a troll? Do you have breasts like pillows or empty flour sacks?" He chuckled at her sudden silence. "Are your lips as soft as petals, or do you have a wart in the center of your—"
"Enough! I get it!" She was surprised at the warm excited feeling she got from his words. "That’s fair. You wish to know what I look like."
"It would be nice to put a face to the voice," he concluded and smiled.
"I have been told I'm pretty and have nice skin," she began and paused. "I have large brown eyes, not so much dark as golden. My breasts are certainly not to your standards, but they are big enough in my estimation. My teeth are straight and I have no warts. There. Are you satisfied?"
He closed his eyes as he rocked back in his chair, obviously trying to form a picture of her in his mind. It was obvious by his pleased expression, whatever images he had of her were intriguing to him.
Selene watched his face, seeing his lips, overwhelmed with wanting to know what they felt like, to kiss him as she had Axel. He wasn’t real, she argued inwardly. Real or not, she wanted him with a passion she had never known existed within her.
"Let us see what we can do to brighten things up for you." Selene changed the subject from talking about herself. She reached for the control setting to the desktop light. "You will tell me if this makes everything there dark."
Selene turned down the dial. 
"It is dark here now, as black as night with no moon," he called out.
She turned up the sunshine and he looked relieved. "I think we have solved that problem, but I’ll try something else. I notice you have no window in your room."
Selene pulled up the Word document and added embellishments to his room, candles for one. She wrote in a wide window with wooden retractable shutters. Content he wouldn’t suffer in the dark when her computer was off, she hit save and returned to her desktop page. The visual had changed. She now saw the side of the castle as the frontal image on the screen. He was staring out the window. It appeared he looked at her. His expression was wide-eyed and he took a step backward.
"What is it?" She was worried by his tense expression. "Tristan, what is it? You’re scaring me. Say something."
"You are beautiful, Selene," he whispered, his blue eyes reverent as he looked up at what appeared to be his sky. "I can see you. You did not give yourself adequate praise. Your lips are the color of rose and soft-looking. Your eyes like amber jewels sparkling like moons down at me."
Her hand went to her messy bun at her nape, self-conscious she hadn’t bathed since the night before. She washed all the make-up off, and felt at her worst. He stared up at her like she was a goddess. In truth, she must appear huge to him from the window he looked out of in fascination.
"Thank you, I apologize for my appearance but I didn’t plan to do anything today but write." She felt tongue-tied as she met his gaze, wishing he would quit staring at her as he did. "What? Say something! Do I pass your inspection?"
Tristan grinned and his eyes seemed to twinkle. "You look like a slightly older version of Rhiannon, only with a different hair color and eyes. I see it now. I’m impressed you’re not some ugly crone."
"Thanks, I think." She felt suddenly shy to know he could see her. "Quit staring at me, will you? You make me wish I had done my hair or something."
"You’re the moon and the stars in my world, Selene, and more lovely by far," Tristan said with such poetic poignancy, she sighed despite herself. He was really quite the charmer. No wonder women couldn’t resist him. She felt the tug of that now that their eyes met and held.
"I have several errands I need to go on today," she mentioned as she looked down at him. "I have to get some computer paper to print this story and see where else I need to make changes. It’s easier for me to see the big picture that way."
Tristan was still staring at her, seemingly mesmerized by her. He nodded and smiled. "I can content myself with watching you now, Selene. I’ll not be so bored."
Selene was uneasy having those blue eyes upon her, disconcerted by the admiration she saw there. Tristan seemed to devour her with his gaze. It was playing havoc with her concentration.
"Very well, I need to get ready to leave. If there is anything else you require, let me know. I’ll be gone a couple of hours."
Tristan blinked up at his goddess and smiled. "No, I’m content, Selene."
Selene walked away and didn’t see the appreciative gaze that noted her firm, slender shape in the snug black yoga pants and tight grey tank top. His hungry gaze lingered where a lady’s skirts should have shielded his eyes, clinging to the backside of the beauty who took up the sky of his world with her rich amber gaze.
Tristan watched her go to her bed chamber. His heart caught to see a reflection from some vantage point in her room, a mirror it appeared. He saw her pull the grey shirt over her head and swallowed hard, seeing the perfect, round breasts with a suddenly dry mouth. She eased the black hose-like garment down. He groaned his eyes fixated on the ivory perfection of her buttocks.  She moved then, out of his range of sight. He could hear her humming distantly and then he heard water running from another source location. Just imagining her naked in a bath made his breath catch. Knowing Selene was a golden-eyed beauty was disheartening. He would have preferred her to be old and ugly, not radiant and desirable.
Tristan was pleasantly surprised the husky soft voice matched a face and form of one so fair. His growing fantasies had not prepared him to see what Selene looked like, or feel trapped in his own world and be unable to touch her. A sigh escaped him as his eyes watched for her in the distance, hoping to see her reflection once more.
~ ~ ~
Selene just finished blow-drying her hair when the phone rang. Excitement coursed through her to see it was Axel calling. It was almost noon. She planned to meet him for lunch after she ran all her errands. She answered the phone on the third ring, her voice expectant.
"Hey, did you get Darcy home okay?"
"Yeah, she must be feeling sick and is still in bed because she hasn't called me yet," Selene said with a low laugh. "We did have fun for a change last night, Axel. I needed it."
"Meet me at Damon's for lunch. I'd like to see you today."
Selene felt a sense of excitement to hear he waited barely twelve hours to want to see her again. This was really good, she thought. She hesitated, not wanting to appear as anxious as she was.
"I have to run to Office Depot and make some other stops," she began casually. "How about I meet you at one-thirty?"
"That's perfect. I have some running to do too. My girls are coming home tonight and I don't have any food in the house. Call me when you’re headed that way."
"Okay, I'll call you," she promised and hung up, the sense of elation so alien she sat there holding her phone in a daze until she snapped out of it.
She dressed carefully, wearing a pair of khaki dress pants, a white tee and a pink cashmere sweater. She felt like she looked like a typical schoolteacher. She applied trace amounts of make-up and was pleased with her reflection for a change. It was amazing what male interest could do for one's self-esteem.
She grabbed a lightweight jacket and walked out in the living room. She saw Tristan standing at his window, looking at her with an inscrutable expression. The heat of his gaze was not lost upon her. Being able to look him in the eye now was disconcerting.
"I won't be long." She walked towards the computer. "Do you want anything before I go?"
"No I have all that I need." His eyes moved over her appreciatively. "Do women in your world always wear breeches, Selene? It is most distracting to see female legs, I must admit."
She laughed. "If seeing me in pants unnerves you, going to the beach would be a shocker."
"They wear less than you do there?"
"They wear a scrap of fabric over their parts, and nothing more." She saw his eyes light up.
She suddenly saw the TV on its stand and got an idea. "Why don't I leave you with an idea of what my world is like? I’ll leave the TV on for you. These are stories that people watch for entertainment. They are not real so don't start pulling out your sword."
"I would like to see this beach that you speak of."
Selene smiled and swiveled the flat screen around until it faced her desk and flipped it on. She scrolled through channels until she came to a syndicated channel showing reruns of shows like Baywatch, Charlie's Angels, and a variety of sitcoms, cooking shows, and talk shows. She theorized he would get enough of an idea how different society was after seeing Pamela Anderson running down the beach. She was sorry to miss it, finding his expression of wonder adorable.
Tristan jumped when the screen came alive and dived behind the shutter. She laughed.
"No, it's not real, Tristan." She peered down at him. "These are actors and made-up stories. You need not be afraid."
He peeked around the window frame, his eyes widening to see the opening footage of Baywatch. His face looked positively shocked to see the half-naked beauties on the beach. Seeing his mouth drop made her grin.
"Alright, I think you should be pleasantly occupied." She giggled to see he was mesmerized and barely acknowledged her words. "Don't watch too much. It will rot your brain."
Tristan wasn’t listening. He was completely drawn into the story unfolding on the TV screen. His inaudible grunt made her want to laugh aloud. The answer to getting a medieval man to mind was a good dose of Pamela, obviously. Priceless, she thought.
~ ~ ~
The restaurant was packed; the lunch crowd boisterous, a game on the flat screens placed strategically about the dining and bar area. Selene entered Damon's Steak House bristling with excitement despite a twinge of guilt for leaving Tristan alone to watch cable.
Axel was sitting in a booth. He stood up when she arrived.
"Hey, did you get everything done?" 
"Yeah, now I can relax." Their waitress came over with menus. "Have you ever had the ribs here?"
"You actually eat the ribs?" Axel raised an eyebrow. "Every girl I ever brought here refused to eat them and jonesed for mine the whole time. Why do you women torture yourself? Us guys know you eat."
Selene chuckled and opened her menu. "I'm not afraid to eat ribs in front of a guy. You’re on."
An hour later and two slabs nibbled clean, she sat back and tossed her napkin and wet wipe down. "How'd I do?"
"I'm impressed, Selene. You have a spot of sauce on your chin."
"I do?" Her hand went up and she saw his teasing smile.
"So, about the book you’re writing. Where do you want to go with it?" he asked as he sipped his soft drink.
Selene didn’t want to talk about the book. She tensed. Her writing was made more sensitive of late because of Tristan's present situation. If she ever finished this book, she would never look at her characters like paper dolls again. She would show them more respect and make them more accountable. The guilt she felt, remembering Tristan's anguished expression, haunted her.
"I have to finish it and go from there." She avoided any more explanation.
"Don't let your husband's opinion stop you, Selene," Axel replied. "If you want to write, do it and don't apologize for it. It's obvious you were defensive of it last night. I admire you for it."
Selene let her guard down a bit. "As I said, I need to finish it, which is why I need to cut this short. I have to get something done today."
Axel looked disappointed but nodded. "Liz and Becca will be here in a couple of hours anyway. We’re going to Trillium later to see a movie if you want to join us. My daughters only let me see Chick Flicks. The offer is there."
"I'll let you know, but I really need to get some writing done this weekend. Besides, you need to spend time with your kids. I don't need them hating on me when I just met their dad."
"Liz and Becca had their reasons for not liking Jenny, Selene. Let's just say she never really tried to get along with my daughters, more like she went out of her way to exclude them."
"I'm sorry. I don't have kids, but I can just imagine."
"It's tough when your mom runs out on you and your dad is all you got," Axel lamented and sighed. "Jenny couldn’t relate to it and understand why they acted like they did. She went down to their level. They were fifteen and seventeen."
"I get it, but it's rough for a woman to be involved with you and have to please your kids too," Selene countered and secretly applauded this Jenny for standing up to Axel's daughters. "You can't enable their territorial tendencies or every relationship you have will be defined by them."
"You’re probably right. My mom says she feels sorry for any woman I introduce to them."
"There you go," Selene added. "They have to realize you’re entitled to your own life too."
"You’re not going to meet us at the show, are you Selene?" He asked with a knowing grin.
"Ah… no. Probably not." Selene smiled at his hurt look. "I don't think it would be fair to sick them on me this early. I don't even know if I like you yet."
"You like me." Axel sat back and regarded her with a smile. "You like me a lot."
Selene looked away from his blue gaze, reminded of another blue-eyed man who disturbed her far more than this one. Tristan was right when he accused her of lusting after him. She knew it was easier with him because he wasn’t real. He would disappear when she rewrote his story and live happily ever after with Rhiannon. Axel was sitting in front of her waiting for an answer.
"I like you, Axel, and for now that's enough for me." Selene met his gaze squarely. "We both have baggage we need to sort through."
Axel seemed disappointed at her words. "Don't let my girls send you running before you meet them, Selene. I think they have both grown up a lot. They both have boyfriends now."
"It's a daddy-daughter thing, Axel and it doesn't matter if they’re forty," Selene informed him quietly. "They won't let anyone near their dad."
"That's what Jenny said before she left."
"She's right. You have to set your boundaries with your kids. They have to know they can't get away with running off every woman in your life, and you can't let them either or you will always be alone."
"You’re pretty perceptive," he noted ruefully. "I have let them run me ever since Linda left.”
"That's the first step to solving the problem."
"I'll work on it," he promised and his blue eyes were earnest. "Tell me you won't run off just yet?"
Selene felt a sudden twinge of unease, knowing Axel liked her quite a lot. She could see it now. She was not ready for a relationship. Alarm bells went off in her head. Something more than told her Axel was intent on a relationship between them or he wouldn't have been honest about his control freak daughters. 
Did she really want to go there? 
The waitress brought the check and she was torn from answering the question that lingered long after he walked her to her car, kissed her chastely, and she drove home.
CHAPTER SIX

She entered her apartment to find Tristan avidly watching Gunsmoke, unable to take his eyes off the screen, barely acknowledging her coming home. She was grateful. The disturbing conflict of her emotions was unsettling. She decided not to disturb him. She pulled her flash drive from her hard drive and retrieved her laptop.
Selene opened the laptop and plugged in the flash drive. She pulled up her manuscript. She reread some passages, as was her habit. A glaring realization stood out. The changes she had made that day had not taken. She saved the document, recalled even going back to check it twice. The changes she made to it were gone. The original document stared back at her.
Her eyes grew fearful as she heard Tristan chuckling at something from the old western. She had to redo the chapters again. If the same thing happened, she didn’t know what she could do to help him. 
Thinking of his disappointment to know he would never be able to take back what happened to Rhiannon at his hands made her flinch. She closed the laptop and sat back against the pillows, feeling a sense of dread.
 His enjoyment of TV was contagious and soon she joined him, frowning to see him leaning out the window of the castle glued to the set in front of him. He saw her and grinned.
"Thank you, Selene. I have a better knowledge of your world now. The wonders I have seen coming out of the black box have been very informative."
"That stuff is all made up drama, Tristan. Like my book you realize?" she reminded him.
"Such wonders exist in your world." Tristan smiled widely. "I like the beach program. I would like to meet this CJ."
"You and half the men on the planet," Selene sympathized with a chuckle. "She's an actress, Tristan. These people are all not real. They are actors who play a part on the television. Trust me they have very different real lives and names."
"What is CJ Parker's real name?" He asked eagerly.
"Pamela Anderson, and trust me you don't want to go there."
"How was your day, Selene? Did you get your errands done?"
"Yeah, I'm all done, but I have a problem with the manuscript so I'll be working all day. Are you hungry?"
"I have been seeing this story on the black box about The Taco Bell all day," he began and she smiled in amusement. "I would like to think outside the bun today, Selene."
Selene giggled at his words and pulled up the file on the computer, typing in a twelve pack of hard and soft tacos, nachos, burritos, and a large Pepsi. She saved the document and cleared the screen, delighted to see his satisfaction with the fast food. She was turning Tristan into a junk food junkie. She would have to rectify that.
"I'm going to have to get back to work," she told him as he mowed on the food and grunted his reply. "If you need anything, let me know."
Selene changed the channel on the TV to the Lifetime channel and returned to her bedroom, grabbing her laptop and starting over again. Two hours later, she got up and stretched. She had successfully changed all the scenes again, checked and double-checked her work. She didn’t know what was going on, but she had to get to the bottom of it. Tristan needed to get back to the business of wooing the beautiful heiress so she could finish her book.
She opened her manuscript up and scanned each chapter later, deflated to see the changes were gone. Shutting down the laptop, she entered the living room. Tristan watched some drama with a pained expression on his face, sucked into the tale.
"Tristan, we have to talk," she began, but he held up his hand, looking shaken.
"Selene, can we wait until after Nora finds out her test results? This is all very bad," he said grimly. "She might have the cancer back."
"Tristan, this is more important!" Selene snapped and flipped off the TV, gazing at him in determination. "I have tried many times to change those scenes and I can't. Each time I change them, they go back to the way they were. I have done it three times now. I can’t change the past. The only thing I can do is go forward with the story now. I'm sorry."
Tristan looked like he’d been punched in the gut by her words. "You’re very sure, Selene?"
"I redid it enough to know I can't change it, Tristan."
"Selene, she will always hate me!"
"You must change her mind, Tristan." She saw his devastated expression and shrugged. "You have to try and get her to forgive you, as hard as it sounds. I don’t know how you’re to do it, but I can write in stuff to help you. Rhiannon's father was abusive. I can help you there; make him appear more a monster who got what was coming to him. The scene in the woods can’t be changed. You have to try harder."
Tristan looked disgusted. "Easy enough for you, Selene, but she hates me. You do not have to deal with the girl, I do."
"You forget I'm writing it," Selene pointed out. "I have all the control over her. I’ll make her forgive you, Tristan. It is the only thing I can do. So all is not lost."
"What if I no longer wish to go back there?"
"What do you mean?"
"I like it here, Selene." He gazed up at her with a secretive smile. "I do not want to go back."
"Tristan, you can't stay here!" She shook her head. "This whole thing is just a stopover. When I begin to write from here on out, you will be gone from the castle room and on your way back to Raven's Keep."
"Do not finish the book."
"Tristan, I can't do that."
"Selene, I don't wish to leave you. I want to stay."
"This is no kind of life for you, Tristan," she protested. "You’re living in my computer. You deserve to have a life of your own, whatever that is."
"Write me into your world, Selene," Tristan pleaded softly, his blue eyes filled with heat. "You can write things into my world— write me into yours. Do it. What do you have to lose?"
Selene shook her head, staring at him in confusion. "You think I can just write you into my world as I do the tacos into yours, and it will work?"
"Why wouldn't it? You have to try. I do not wish to deal with what I have done to Rhiannon. She might forgive it, but I can never look at her and not feel ashamed. Do it, Selene. What do you risk?" he whispered gravely.
Selene thought about what he said and struggled with it. She had worked on the book for six months and Tristan asked her to abandon it now, and write him into her world. What then, if it even worked? She had to worry about a medieval lord heading to LA to find Pamela Anderson. Oh brother! 
"Let me think on it, okay? What you ask is for me to give up my dream of writing this book to bring you here, and then what? What are you thinking?" She stared at him in dismay.
"I’m thinking I have no wish to live in this world. It is cold and cruel, and we have no modern conveniences. I very much want one of these IPods I have seen. The music I have heard, the places I have seen. I want that, Selene," he said with urgency in his voice. "Give that to me."
Selene saw his anguish and regretted unleashing the TV into his world. Now he found his own lacking. This was getting worse and it was all of her making. She knew what she should do is get on the computer and continue her book, reasoning he would be propelled back into the story. Another part of her wanted to know if it was even possible to write him out completely. What she was thinking was completely insane. Yes, this would take more than a snap decision. She would have to sit with this.
"It might not even work." She chewed her lower lip.
"Please think about it, Selene. That is all I ask," he replied and turned away from the window, walking back inside his room.
Selene knew he was depressed. She couldn’t blame him. She had shown him the wonders of her world and now expected him to be content to go back to twelfth century living without a thought.  She worried the matter as the phone rang.
It was Darcy. She giggled as she answered the phone and heard the suffering in her friend's voice. "It's about time you got up."
"Oh shut up! I'm so sick," Darcy whined, sounding pathetic. "My kids made a huge mess of the house and I can't put one foot in front of the other. Why didn’t you stop me?"
"Hey, you said you wanted to live dangerously, sister! This is on you!"
"Sal wants to take me for a ride on his bike later today," Darcy disclosed with a sigh.
"Darcy, I don't think you should go there. Stick with Ted," Selene argued, worried for her friend pairing off with motorcycle Sal.
"Ted is dull and you know it! His idea of fun is putting a puzzle together! Come on, at least don't lecture me. I'm going!"
Selene counted to ten. "Ted is a nice guy, Darcy. He has stuck by you all these years since your divorce. Why would you throw it away on a guy whose hair is longer than yours?"
Darcy made a disgusted noise. "That's your problem, Selene. You judge people too much. Sal is a hell of a nice guy! He might look like a biker but he's got a good job at GM and he likes me! Ted has had five years to make it official, and let us not forget he still lives with his mom!"
"Darcy, it's your life. Do what you want. I just think you and Sal haven't got a lot in common is all."
"Selene, for the first time in five years, I feel sexy," Darcy said tightly. "I feel desirable. Is that so wrong?"
"No, I just don't want you to get hurt."
"No worries, we’re wearing helmets."
"That's not what I meant and you know it!" Selene argued.
"Selene, I'm a big girl. I'll be fine."
Selene gave up trying to talk Darcy out of the ride with Sal. They talked a few more minutes and she hung up, thinking Darcy was losing her mind. She couldn’t live her friend's lives for them. Just then, she thought of Maggie and gave her a call.
It went to voicemail and she left a message. She hoped Maggie didn’t get mad at Axel showing a clear preference to her. Maggie had enough male appreciation, but Burke's leaving her was not going over too well. Maggie was the oldest of them at thirty-eight. She was feeling her age now.  Her and Jack had no children, and without a man in her life, Maggie was like a caged animal.
Tristan was quiet and she didn’t disturb him, knowing he had a lot on his mind. What he asked her to do made her balk. True, she could write another book. He asked a lot of her to walk away from the project.
Disturbed by the train of her thoughts, she went into the bedroom and decided to lie down. Her head was throbbing by being out so late drinking. Sleep came fast and swift, and with it, the erotic dreams of Tristan played foremost in her subconscious.
She woke with a clear idea she was losing her mind. She knew she had to continue her book. To give it up wouldn’t be fair to the other characters. What became of them now? She had given little thought to any of them. Where did they go? Would they be trapped in that dark abyss outside Tristan's room? So many thoughts dismayed her now. Just then, the phone rang. She glanced at the caller ID and groaned. 
It was Jim.
"Yes, Jim. What can I do for you?"
"Selene, the dog has to go," he told her wearily. "Ginny has allergies. I know you can't have the dog at your apartment, but we need to find her a home."
"Now wait just a goddamn minute, Jim!" she snapped. "You’re getting rid of our dog because Ginny has allergies? A dog we raised from a pup? You’re something else!"
"Daisy has to go, Selene."
"Fine, I'll come get her! I'll figure something out, but you’re not dropping my dog off at the pound!"
Selene was furious as she got up and changed into jeans and a Michigan State sweatshirt. She tied up her hair into a ponytail and glared at her reflection in the mirror. Figures Ginny would find some way to get to her. She didn’t get any satisfaction at the bar the night before, so now the girl used her dog as the means of rattling her cage. Jim was obviously stupid enough not to see through his girlfriend. Ginny's desire to start drama at every turn was obvious. Selene was ready to give Ginny the confrontation she craved.
Selene grabbed her keys and purse and drove over to the gated community she once lived in, and to the house that had once been hers. She pulled into the driveway of the two-story mammoth home. It had a three-car garage that was open, showing Jim's Lexus, his vintage Mustang parked there, and a brand new red Corvette he must have bought for Ginny.
She bristled resentfully as she got out of her car. She walked through the garage to the inside door leading into the kitchen. Jim met her at the door, his handsome face filled with regret. His brown thinning hair was covered up with a baseball hat. She knew his balding was a sensitive issue with him approaching forty.
"I'm sorry, Selene. I can't keep her." He picked up the dog bowls and bag of toys off the counter. A large bag of dog food sat by the door. Selene picked it up and followed him out. They put all the stuff into the trunk.  Selene took the opportunity to pounce.
"Jim, when Ginny is done taking over your whole life and getting rid of whatever she doesn't like in it I hope she doesn't walk out on you," Selene warned in a scathing voice. "You love Daisy! What the hell are you doing?"
Jim's hazel eyes filled with anger, his lips tightening. "Selene, I'm not going to discuss this with you!  Ginny is in my life. I love Daisy, but she has to go."
Selene stared at the man she thought she would spend the rest of her life with in disgust, as if just seeing him for the first time. Jim was attractive, middle of build, but so ordinary compared to Tristan she wanted to laugh out loud.
Jim's only muscle was on his driving forearm due to golf.  He had an unremarkable face and his finest quality went out the window when he met Ginny. She saw none of the integrity he used to have in his set features.
"I'll take her, Jim, but you realize when you change your mind it’s done?" Selene regarded him contemptuously. "I'll sneak her into my apartment until I can think of something."
"Why not take her to your parent's estate?"
"My mom is sick. My dad can't take on a dog right now, or have you forgotten?" She headed back towards the garage and into the kitchen. Selene went to the dining room and gazed adoringly at her dog that wagged her tail excitedly. Daisy was out back on the deck, covering the glass doors with drool when she saw Selene. Seeing the huge cream-colored lab made her realize how much she missed her. Daisy was overweight for a lab, obsessed with treats, and the sweetest dog in the whole world.
It saddened her to see Jim kick the dog to the curb in favor of the blonde twit who peered into the kitchen, dressed in a hot pink Victoria Secret lounge suit.
"I'm sorry we can't keep her, Selene," the girl said in her whiny voice. "I can't breathe with all that dog hair."
"Her hair isn't probably half as bad as yours with all that hair spray," Selene noted coldly and enjoyed the way the girl's face flushed angrily.
"That isn't necessary, Selene," Jim chided tightly, seeing a confrontation brewing with Selene's presence in his house.
"Oh give me a break, Jim! If you can't see what she's doing, you’re pathetic! If the way she used your Gold Card at Ma Belle's last night is any indicator, you’re in for it!" Selene enjoyed the look Jim flung his girlfriend and the girl's guilty expression. Obviously he didn’t know his girlfriend stepped out the night before. "I'll just take my dog and go!"
Selene let Daisy into the house and grabbed her pink collar as she jumped up excitedly. Jim handed her the matching leash without a word, looking at his girlfriend with an angry expression. Selene was pleased she caused discord between the couple as she latched Daisy's collar and led her out of the kitchen and into the garage. She opened the passenger door and put Daisy in the back seat.
She drove away pleased to know she paid Ginny back for being so spiteful. Jim would be pissed to know she had broken the cardinal sin of putting food and drinks on credit, a real no-no in his book.
Daisy proved to be a complication she had not foreseen as she walked the dog across from the complex in a drainage ditch. She bagged up the dog droppings and led her back up to her apartment. She prayed she didn’t get caught with the dog before she could make other arrangements, heartbroken of what those would be.
Darcy already had two dogs. Maggie had cats. She had no place for Daisy until her lease was up the following month. Taking her to Grosse Pointe was an option, but then her parents would find out she was divorced. She sighed as she hung up Daisy's leash on the back of the pantry door.
The dog wandered over to the computer desk and barked at the screen, seeing Tristan there, leaning out the castle window with a delighted grin. Her dog sniffed at the screen and barked again. Selene frowned as she came forward and pulled Daisy back. She was now licking the screen and Tristan was speaking to her, making the dog wag her tail excitedly.
"I like your dog, Selene." Tristan watched her push the dog off the desk. "When did you get it?"
"She was staying at my old house with my ex-husband until his fiancée decided to evict her," Selene fumed with an angry frown and explained. "This apartment complex doesn't allow pets. When they find out she's here, I'm in for it, but Jim was going to get rid of her."
"The man sounds like a real lout, Selene. You’re better off without him. What is the creature's name?"
"Her name is Daisy. I can see you two will be buddies." Selene smiled as her dog sniffed at the screen again. She pushed her big head down and spoke firmly to her.
"I had a dog when I was a boy," Tristan mentioned fondly and his expression grew sad. "He died mysteriously. He stopped eating one day and got sick. Gideon had to put him down."
"Pets do worm their way into your heart," Selene agreed. "We raised Daisy together. She was used as a means to pacify me for his not wanting kids. She was my consolation prize."
"Are you not relieved you had no children with this man now?" Tristan asked. "You’re blessed of it."
"Yeah well, my biological clock would say different. If I don't have kids soon, I might as well forget it."
Tristan frowned. "How old are you, Selene?"
"Thirty-two last month," she replied.
"We are the same age. That is not old."
"It’s different for a man. Men can and do have children into their eighties, but a woman has a more narrow window. I won't have kids in my forties."
Tristan seemed to digest her words carefully. "This Axel you met? You like this man?"
"I just met him, but he sounds like he has a lot of baggage."
"What is meant by baggage?" 
 "He has two daughters that are very intent to have their father to themselves," she explained. 
"A man's daughters have no say in what their father does. He should beat them for their impertinence." 
"I agree, but he very much caters to their feelings."
"This man sounds like a coward to give into his female children, Selene. He is not the man for you."
"I think that is for me to decide," Selene replied defensively. "I appreciate your advice, but I’ll go out with who I want to. Anyway, I just met him. It's not like we’re a couple or anything."
"A man who defers to the females in his family is no man at all," Tristan returned stubbornly, his blue eyes narrowing. "You deserve better after the lout!"
"Easy! I know you think Axel is weak but you don't know the facts. His daughter's mother ran off and left them. They are protective of their dad. It’s very understandable."
"You will see the truth, Selene." Tristan folded his arms across his massive chest, a frown marring his forehead. "The weakling is not for you."
Selene glared at him and decided she wouldn’t argue with Tristan over Axel. The conversation was ridiculous. Tristan was not even real! Yet he gave her relationship advice, considering how things went with Rhiannon? It was a joke. She thought better of rubbing that in. She had helped with ruining it before it even began.
"I'm not discussing my relationships with you. I know you think modern men are weaklings, but they don't have to wield swords anymore. It is entirely over your head."
"No, I have a firm grasp of how things have changed. I saw several episodes of Desperate Housewives today," Tristan confided with a roguish grin. "I think I like these modern wenches."
Selene chuckled and shook her head. "Real life is not like the shows on TV, Tristan. If you want to get a true idea of what real life is like, you would have to be here to see for yourself."
Tristan raised an eyebrow at her words. Selene realized she had yet to make a decision to abandon her book yet. He seemed to be waiting for her to decide. She could see the yearning in his eyes and felt badly she couldn’t give him an answer yet.
"Selene, have you made a decision yet?"
"No, so don't bug me about it! You think nothing of the others! What is to become of Rhiannon? What of Gideon? You just want me to chuck my book and forget about them. Where do they go?" Selene fumed when she saw his unruffled demeanor.
"They will find their way."
"That isn't fair to them!"
"They don't even know they are not real," Tristan argued, "should you not ever pick up their story they will stay as they are."
"I think if you were them, you wouldn't appreciate it."
"For some reason God chose to bring our worlds together, yet you continue to deny it, Selene. No, I agree that leaving them in this state is not fair, but I refuse to go forward now."
Selene glared at the screen and his stubborn image. "I don't need your permission, Tristan."
"You would not dare!" He growled low, his eyes filled with anger. "You will not force me to endure such a life!"
Selene refused to argue with him and decided to appeal to his other natures. She wrote him in a bath, the comely serving maid, and a steak dinner fit for a king. She hoped he would mellow out on the subject of staying in her world. It was not even possible. She couldn’t bear his disappointment right now. Daisy nudged her hand and she petted the dog. She saved the document and saw the girl enter the room. Tristan turned and glared back at her after he turned and saw the maid enter with a fresh tunic over her arm.
"This conversation is not over, Selene."
"Enjoy your bath, your woman, and your dinner." She turned away from the computer.
"I do not want her, Selene!" He shouted furiously at her retreating back.
Selene ignored him as she walked to her bedroom. Daisy followed, wagging her tail. She shut her bedroom door and the dog jumped upon her queen-sized bed, settling on her bright yellow comforter contentedly.
Selene settled on a Netflix movie and settled down to watch. It was nearly five in the evening and she was still full from her lunch with Axel. She had no desire to eat alone. She regretted writing in the maid to distract Tristan. He didn’t appear to appreciate it. She sighed, unwilling to allow this insane attraction to the fictitious character to continue.
The phone rang and she sighed, picking up without looking at the caller ID.
Axel's daughters cancelled on the movie. She fought the urge to refuse his offer of dinner and a movie, wanting to stay home with her dog. She couldn’t stand the thought of being here with Tristan and his wench cavorting in the next room. She was jealous.  A night out with a real man was just what she needed.
"Sure, I'll go. I have to make sure my dog is taken care of for the night, but she should be fine."
"What's with the dog?"
"Jim's girlfriend developed allergies overnight and he threatened to get rid of her."
"Nice guy," Axel commented dryly. "Okay, do what you have to do. The movie starts at nine-fifteen. I thought we could go grab a pizza beforehand."
"You know where River Landings Apartments are, don't you?"
"Yeah."
"I'm in building five, apartment 205. What time are you picking me up? "She glanced at the clock on her bedside table. It was already after six.
"How about seven-thirty?"
"See you then.”
Selene was determined to get out tonight and enjoy Axel's company. Tristan's words troubled her. Knowing Axel very much sucked up to his two daughters bothered her. She was confidant she could handle herself with the two younger women, but she wouldn’t kiss their ass like their dad did. If they didn’t like her, oh well. She would find out soon if she continued to see him.
She looked at her appearance in the vanity mirror an hour later, pleased. She wore a beige sweater and jeans. The brown knee boots were a nice alternative. It was chilly out today. Daisy had her walk and was content to lounge near the computer. Selene turned down the sunshine on the computer for spite, but knew Tristan had candles. Hearing his low chuckles and the girl’s giggles made her seethe.
Selene pulled a brown leather jacket out of her closet just as there was a knock at the door. Axel was fifteen minutes early. She rushed out to living room to turn the sound down on her computer too. Axel didn’t need to know one of her book characters was getting it on with a serving wench on her computer screen.
Axel looked good dressed in a button-up white shirt and a black leather coat and jeans. Daisy rushed the door and sniffed him appreciatively. Her dog had taste. He smelled wonderful.
Axel petted Daisy fondly, smiling as the lab tried jumping up on him.
Selene pushed her dog down and spoke sternly to her. "She'll calm down in a minute. This is all new to her. I'm afraid she's a little excited to be back with her mommy."
"What are you going to do if they find out you have her, Selene?"
"My lease is up next month. I only took a six-month lease here. I'm going to have to get a place where I can have her."
Axel patted Daisy and looked around her living room. "This is nice. Small, but nice."
"Yeah, I like it but they have a No Pet policy." Selene picked up her purse off the bar and put her keys inside. "I just unpacked and now I'm moving again."
Axel opened the door and Selene locked it behind her, but not before her eyes darted to the computer. Imagining Tristan and the serving girl together was getting to her. She pushed it away determinedly as she followed Axel to his truck parked in the lot downstairs. He opened her door and got in the other side. He was listening to a blues station. She sat back comfortably in the truck.
Axel drove to BC's Pizza, one of her favorite places. They sat and drank beer while the pizza was made in front of them.
"I'm glad my daughters bailed on me now," he was saying, smiling at her. "I wanted to see you again, Selene."
She was touched that he thought enough of her to seek her out so soon after lunch, but she very much felt like he was moving in on her now. "Where did they go tonight?" she asked in an effort to turn it away from where he was going.
Axel seemed to know she was avoiding the issue of his interest in her. "They got invited to a party from some friends from school."
"So you got left to your own devices?"
"Lucky me you didn’t have plans," he added quietly. "Did you get some writing done today?"
"Yeah, I did." She refused to say it was all for nothing. "It's coming along."
"I hope to read it one of these days."
"The hard part is getting it written. Getting published is another matter entirely," she replied and grimaced. "I heard it can take years sometimes to find an agent or a publisher. It doesn't happen overnight."
Axel's hand reached out and covered hers. "You got the hardest part over. Not everybody can write a book, Selene. Give yourself that much."
Selene relaxed with Axel's comfort and assurances. The pizza came then and they ate. She found herself thinking about Tristan's situation despite the fact she was on a date. It more than annoyed her now.
The movie was average. Selene hardly touched the popcorn, feeling none of her earlier enthusiasm. Axel watched the movie, oblivious that she was miles away from Trillium, thinking about the man trapped in her computer. 
Selene knew it was crazy to think about his demand she write him into her world. It couldn’t be possible but yet she was able to write things into his. What was happening was real. She knew she wasn’t insane. There was no explanation for Tristan's presence. Some magic was at work here, but she knew not what.
In addition, if she was honest, the thought of having Tristan in front of her in the flesh was a heady prospect. Dismayed that Tristan was overpowering her date, she pushed all thoughts of him out of her mind determined to enjoy Axel's company.
The movie ended and they walked out to the truck. He glanced at her as they headed back to her apartment. "So what did you think of the movie?"
"It was good," she offered and saw his look of disbelief.
"Admit it. It wasn’t good at all. I don't pick them very well. You might have suggested something."
"No, really. It was fine, Axel. I just have a lot on my mind," Selene reassured him. "I'm worried my neighbors will turn me in because of Daisy. It got a little ugly when I went to pick her up. I shouldn’t let it get to me."
"He's got a rude one coming, Selene. Pity the guy. I do."
"I'm a little short of feelings for Jim. Pity isn't high on my list," Selene replied bitterly.
"That little girl's going to burn him bad and you can laugh at him," Axel informed her. "You already got your revenge. Just sit back and enjoy it."
"Sorry I'm not much of a date tonight."
"Selene, I enjoy your company," Axel told her quietly. "I know what you’re going through. I said I wouldn't push you and I won't. It was enough you agreed to come tonight. We both know you were looking for excuses to say no."
"Was it obvious?"
"Selene, I have been where you’re at. I could tell you what comes next, but people need to find out for themselves. Just don't do what I did and close yourself off. Right now you need to get out and realize it wasn’t you that failed at your marriage." He reached over and grabbed her hand out of her lap. "I won't push. I can handle being friends right now if it's all you’re up for."
"I'm so glad you said that." Selene relaxed visibly. "I have to get my life together."
"Your life is fine. It's your head that's messed up." He grinned in amusement at her annoyed expression. "I'm just saying there's nothing wrong with you going out and having fun right now. Cut yourself a break."
Axel walked her up to her door and gave her a slow, seeking kiss at her door. His hands fell away from her and he walked back to the stairs. A part of her wanted to invite him in. The other part knew it was too soon. She went in and snuck Daisy out for a walk. She returned to the apartment and walked over to check her messages. Darcy called, but there was still no word from Maggie. It was obvious she was mad at them both.
 Selene knew Maggie expected them to clamor around her now, but she refused to indulge her desire to go on a manhunt. Maggie needed to take a breather from guys right now.
Selene walked to the computer and turned up the sunshine and volume. A hand covered her mouth as she saw Tristan walking naked across the room, his hard muscular body gleaming in the firelight. The maid was sleeping. He was drinking a beer from the twelve pack. He had an angry expression as he walked to the window and shut it in her face.
"I guess you’re mad at me." She spoke quietly, conscious of the sleeping maid.
"I don't think mad is the appropriate word, Selene."
"Tristan, what you ask of me might not even be possible," she argued softly. "You might well be getting all worked up for no reason."
"I’m not angry because of that!" He whipped open the window, glaring up at her. "I’m mad you sent me the maid to pacify me while you go off with that weakling! I had no use for her tonight, if you must know! You will not even try to bring me into your world. You have the power to free me from this room and you will not do it!"
Selene saw the fury in his face, realizing how upset he was. His hurt was obvious. She didn’t know what to say to appease him. Unless she was willing to abandon her book, he wouldn’t relent in his desire to remain.
Worse, she tried to write beyond his stay at the castle and a block was in place she couldn’t get passed. She couldn’t go ahead and couldn’t change the past. They were both trapped here. For some reason, she believed there was a purpose for Tristan's presence. It had more to do with her situation than his.
"We will talk tomorrow. I'm tired, Tristan."
He said nothing, sitting in the chair in front of the fire, a pensive expression on his face. Selene didn’t want to leave him that way, but she couldn’t give into him either. Something had to give.
"Good night, Selene." He tossed back the beer. "Sleep well."
Selene turned down the light and walked away from her desk, feeling desolate to leave him in such a dark mood. So many thoughts tumbled in her mind. She was unable to sleep. She traced her steps out to the living room. Daisy turned traitor and lay by her desk, sensing Tristan. She grabbed her flash drive.
She pulled her laptop off the bar and headed to her room. Her manuscript stared back at her. Her hands trembled as she typed, feeling ridiculous to think anything would happen. The scene she wrote was Tristan waking and opening the door to his hallway to lead into her apartment. She felt gooseflesh on her arms as she hit save and closed the document. Then, she waited. She changed into sleep pants and a loose tee and paced, wondering how long it would take.
A noise in the living room alerted her. Daisy growled. She stepped out of her bedroom, eyes anxious and scanning the room. Her eyes were wide as she saw the old, rustic doorway that had formed in the wall of her apartment, light around its edges. Her hand went to her mouth in wonder as the door opened.
Selene felt something akin to disbelief as Tristan stepped through the door and into her apartment. Daisy assured her he was real, running to him and sniffing at him. He only had eyes for Selene. He had since dressed since she spoke to him. His tall, powerful form was clothed, the sword left behind thankfully.
"It is real," he mused, reaching out to touch the lamp on her end table, his blue eyes filled with wonder before returning to hers. "You’re more beautiful in person."
Selene would have replied but she was too stunned as he closed the door and turned to face her, his handsome face intent. She took a step back, her heart in her throat.
He saw her hesitancy, grinning maddeningly. "You look scared, Selene. I’ll not hurt you."
"This can't be happening."  Tristan was walking towards her, his eyes even bluer in real life. He towered over her as he came to stand before her. His large hand reached out to grasp her hand. She watched in stupefied horror as he brought her hand to his lips.
"This is happening, Selene," he replied softly and his lips brushed the back of her hand. "I’m here."
"But ...h-h-how...how is this possible?" She babbled and looked him over with startled eyes, taking in his powerful build with a weak feeling in her limbs.
"Do not question the magic that has allowed me to come to you, Selene," he offered solemnly as he pulled her towards him. "You created me for yourself, not Rhiannon, Selene. Admit it. You have no wish to see me with her."
Selene shook her head, unable to speak as he pulled her up tightly against his hard chest, her heart hammering in her breast. Excitement leapt into every sense she had. His powerful hands molded her to his hard length. She hung in his arms, staring up at him in startled dismay as his lips lowered to hers.
At the first touch of his lips, she felt a dam open up inside of her. His lips were hungry and seeking, parting hers, tasting of the beer he had drunk before he arrived. His hands were seeking, and lifted her up high against his chest. He captured her lips in a slow burning kiss. She wrapped her arms around his neck with a soft moan, kissing him back.
His tongue stroked hers slowly as he walked with her, towards the room she had just vacated. Selene was dazed as he kissed her, feeling her whole body shake from the overwhelming feel of his body against hers.
Tristan never broke the kiss as he kicked her door shut, bearing her to her bed. She knew she should stop him, but she had no words as his powerful body came down with hers onto her mattress, his mouth working over hers with feverish intensity.
  Selene no longer wanted him to stop. Urgent gasps escaped her as his mouth lowered to her neck, breathing her in. She shuddered as stabs of longing so powerful beckoned him to continue. His hands lifted the tee shirt and jerked it off. He was exploring her breasts with such heated pressure she cried out and held his golden head to her, arching under his mouth.
"You’re so beautiful, Selene," he whispered against her tingling peaks, pulling one with his lips and swirling his tongue around it, making her whimper in need. "I have thought of nothing but you since I heard your voice. I have wanted you so."
His words were like molten velvet to her ears. She wanted him and knew instinctively this was meant to be, the passion coursing through her too intense to deny. Her hands went to his brown tunic and began pulling at it. His hands stilled hers as he raised his head and smiled gently.
"No, we will not hurry, Selene," he whispered as he pulled upon her breast, making her crazed, his warm breath scoring her flesh. "We go slowly."
She closed her eyes in delight as his mouth returned to torture her aching breasts, stroking them in his rough calloused hands until she was breathless. His hands lowered to her sleep pants, sliding them down her body and tossing them aside. Her panties whispered to the floor.
Selene gasped, as she lay naked in his arms. She stared up at his handsome face flushed with desire, seeing the reverence in his regard. He lay next to her, touching her with slow, exquisite caresses that drove her mindless, her fingers digging into the rough wool of his tunic.
His tongue stroked her abdomen in delight, snaking out to stab insistently into her navel. She came off the bed with a cry, her hands fisting into his long soft hair, moaning at the rough feel of his stubbly jaw against her soft flesh.
Knowing hands eased her thighs apart as his golden head lowered to tease and nibble along her thighs. Selene groaned in anguish as she looked down to see he was in no hurry to lavish the most heated part of her with his attentions.
She writhed under his hands. Her eyes flew wide suddenly as his hot tongue found her, parting the dark curls aside, flicking against her with such urgency she wept aloud, her legs wrapping around his neck in delight.
Tristan's hands cupped her buttocks. He growled appreciatively against her femininity, his mouth taking her, gripping her tightly, his tongue thrusting inside her until she broke into a thousand pieces, shuddering and crying out.
Her orgasm seemed to last forever, making her shake violently. She was dazed as she opened her golden eyes, meeting his dark blue ones with languid delight.
Tristan's eyes never left hers as he sat up and began removing his tunic, hose, and his boots. His clothing was unceremoniously flung aside. Her eyes widened to see the perfection of his body undressed before her eyes.
Before she could comprehend he was really here making love to her he was with her on the comforter. His mouth covered hers once more, his hands sliding through her hair, massaging her head as he kissed her. The kiss was drugging and she was mindless as his large body covered hers.
Tristan urged her legs open and stared down into her flushed face, his eyes dark with lust. He thrust deep within her, his long hard length making her gasp as he bore her into the bed, his powerful hips moving with slow, hungry strokes.
 Selene gasped and her arms wrapped around his neck, incoherent cries escaping her lips as he held her, murmuring against her neck, his body moving faster. The feel of him within her was nothing next to wondrous. Her legs wrapped around him, her body moving with his eagerly.
Tristan groaned in delight, pumping hungrily inside her, his eyes closed in ecstasy, his lips parted. She felt as if she had never been more complete as she did then, with Tristan's body joined to hers.
He held her hands tenderly above her head as he stared into her eyes, his big body driving hard into her softer one. She moved with him, knowing by the taut look on his face he was becoming just as affected as her by their lovemaking.
He stiffened as he felt her body tighten around his, his eyes filled with passion. He ground inside her and caught her soft cries on his lips, biting tenderly on her lower lip. She felt the waves of her climax wash over her, tightening and unfurling within her.
Tristan let out a low moan as he moved faster, making her cry out as he joined her, trembling in her arms as his own release came. He came hard and fast, his hips grinding her into the mattress.
Selene lay stunned, breathing harshly as his head buried in her neck. She felt such contentment she didn’t want to move. He lifted his head, his deep blue gaze filled with admiration as he looked down at her.
"That was better than I could have ever imagined, Selene." He eased out of her and rolled to her side, bringing her against his hard sweaty chest, stroking her hair. He was still breathing raggedly, his heart hammering under her ear.
"Tristan, why is this happening?" She raised her head and stared up at him. "I don’t believe in magic."
"That is why it is happening, Selene," he replied solemnly as his hand reached out to stroke her cheek. "You must believe."
Selene was so sated she didn’t want to move, her fingers sliding down his perfect muscled chest to his corded abs, her hand flattening to smooth over the flesh, fascinated by his perfectly formed physique. She created him. Her fascinated eyes saw not one thing wrong with him. She wouldn’t question why he was here or for how long, just enjoy the here and now.
"I know you already had a bath, but we have this thing called a shower you must indulge in," she whispered as her eyes met his with such burning desire in them he laughed softly and took her lips in a fiery kiss.
"Lead me to this shower, woman," he breathed against her lips. "I would explore all its wonders with you."
Selene got up. She led him to the bathroom. His interested gaze move around the room. Soon his gaze came back to her, his dark blue eyes growing smoky as she opened the glass doors and turned on the water, starting the shower. He smiled as she got in and beckoned him with a soft smile.
Tristan got into the shower with her and she took the opportunity to wash him with the puff, seeing his expression of rapt delight. Soon all thoughts of cleanliness went down the drain. Selene was crying out in abandonment as Tristan took her lustfully against the tile wall of the shower, holding her aloft, his lips pulling hungrily at her breasts, a fantasy come to life.
Much later, after they made it out of the bathroom she lay sated and drowsy in his arms on her destroyed bed. Her lips traced a slow path to his ribcage, nibbling there and unable to stop touching him just to be sure he was real.
His hands slid through her damp locks bringing her mouth back to his. He sighed against her lips, bringing her atop him. Selene held nothing back, her body moving upon his. His big hands guided her up and down upon him. They came together, her soft cries cut off under his lips. She fell asleep upon his hard frame, her head upon his chest. 
Tristan stroked her hair, a look of contentment upon his handsome countenance. His hands pulled the comforter over them and held her tightly. He closed his eyes finally.
CHAPTER SEVEN

Daisy woke them, whining at the door the next morning. Selene stretched and sighed, opening her eyes and staring down at the wide muscled chest she slept on. Her golden eyes widened as she looked up and met an amused pair of blue ones. 
Tristan looked so inviting. The feel of his hardness against her thigh made her curse the call of nature that insisted she address the dog's needs.
"I have to take her out," she whispered softly as she looked down at him, a smile curving her lips. "You won’t move from this spot."
Tristan grinned and brought her lips down to his. "Hurry Selene, take the dog out and be quick of it."
Selene got up and jerked on some clothes. She practically ran to take the dog out. She was careful to avoid the main lot as she walked Daisy in the area across the street from the complex, urging the dog to hurry. Daisy went dutifully. She practically pulled the dog back to the apartment in her haste to get back to Tristan. She fed Daisy and hung up her leash.
She reentered her bedroom. She was yanking her clothes off as she met those burning blue eyes. Selene trembled from the force of her passion for him, coming to him urgently, her hands sliding over him, pulling him to her.
When Tristan finally rolled atop her, she was gasping and murmuring to him breathlessly, her legs wrapping around him tightly. She wept as he surged within her, their bodies moving in a slow fervent rhythm that soon became frantic and hungry. 
In the height of her passion, she cried out his name, her nails digging into his back, her head tossing on the pillows. He held her still, bringing her to an earth shattering orgasm that made her shake and sob brokenly into his neck. He held her soothingly as her trembling subsided. His blue eyes were soft and tender as they met hers.
"This is the only story I ever wish to finish, Selene," he began quietly, his long finger tracing her cheek. "Here with you is where I want to be. Say it is what you want too."
"Yes! God yes, I want you, Tristan," she whispered softly, staring up at him with tears in her eyes. "I can’t think of you leaving me."
"I’ll never leave you, my sweet," he whispered as he moved deliberately against her, reminding her that he wasn’t done showing her how much he desired her.
It was well past noon when Daisy once more whined at the door. They had to get out of bed. Tristan ignored the dog, his mouth busy moving up her calf, his expression amused as he heard her curse once more.
"She has to do her business again. We have to see about getting you some more modern clothing," Selene whispered as his teeth nibbled along the inside of her thigh now, shivering as tremors assailed her. "We have to get up, Tristan."
"I’m up already." His lips found her, making her gasp in delight. Soon she was hot and thrashing under his mouth.
Selene moaned in defeat as he slid over her and thrust deep inside of her. Daisy's whining at the door was albeit forgotten as he rose and fell over her, bringing her to a shaking climax within moments of his own. She sighed as he fell to her side, looking pleased to see her languid expression. Daisy wasn’t to be ignored, barking loudly at the door.
"We have to take your dog out, Selene," he reminded her, his large hand smoothing her tangled locks.
Selene smiled guiltily and sat up. She got out of the bed reluctantly. She dressed quickly and saw Tristan intended to come with her. She looked at him in his medieval garb and shook her head.
"You’re definitely going to get some looks dressed like that." She grinned at his wounded expression. "We’re taking you shopping, but you have to promise not to act like everything blows your mind that you see."
Tristan smiled with devastating effect and bowed to her. "Yes, my fairest, I’ll endeavor to appear like one of your modern weaklings for your benefit."
  He went with her to walk the dog. She smiled to see how much Daisy liked him. They returned and she set about making them something to eat. Selene went into the kitchen. The doorway that had appeared the night before had magically vanished. 
She encouraged him to sit at the bar while she made him bacon and eggs. She put a steaming cup of coffee in front of him and urged him to sip it slowly. He appeared to favor it as the kitchen filled with smells of bacon cooking.
"It is too bad you cannot write us up some food." He watched her toil in the kitchen for his benefit. "I would say such work is for servants, but I learned much from the black box. You modern women like to cook."
Selene flipped the bacon and listened to his heavily accented English voice, chuckling at his words. "You have much to learn, and I would warn you, it will be overwhelming," she told him.
"I have faced down men in battle hopelessly outnumbered. What could possibly be more overwhelming than that?"
~ ~ ~
Later, Tristan appeared to hold on for dear life as she drove down the interstate to the mall. She patted his white-knuckled grip on the dashboard consolingly worried that he might be sick. Soon he seemed to relax, staring in wonder out the window, gasping as semi-trucks passed.
When they got to the busy mall, he seemed more composed. He glared dangerously at three punks who mocked him at the entrance to Genesee Valley Mall. She tugged his arm and pulled him inside the entrance.
Tristan followed her to a men's store and endured the many looks of amusement from other shoppers with remarkable restraint. She hid a smile as she saw all the women in the store nearly swoon over him. 
He created quite a stir when he went inside the fitting room to change into jeans and a button- down shirt and reappeared. Selene nodded and he disappeared inside and continued trying on clothing. She bought him five outfits, socks, and underwear. He refused to wear the underwear, saying they would strangle his manhood. A store clerk chuckled and agreed.
Selene took him to a shoe store and insisted he take off the leather boots to allow his foot to be measured. The shoe salesman rushed to the back to find a larger Brannock device when it appeared Tristan's foot was too large for his current one. Selene purchased him a pair of Nikes and a pair of brown leather loafers.
Tristan was quiet when they entered the food court to sit down and rest. He frowned darkly and she gazed at him questioningly.
"What’s wrong?" she asked in concern.
"It is not right that you buy these things for me." 
She could see his pride was rearing up. "Tristan, I have no problem with it. You can hardly be expected to have money. You did want to come here. You will have to get used to me buying. How do you propose to make money?"
"I did not consider that." He looked away. "I’ll find work."
"Tristan, you have no birth certificate or a social security card," she explained softly, eyes filled with compassion. "Without them you can’t work. We have to finish your reading lessons as well. Lucky for you I’m an elementary schoolteacher. I can teach you what you have to know. Maggie has friends in low places. She night know someone who can get you the papers you need. Be patient. I did tell you that the modern world has its bad points too."
Tristan absorbed her words with a nod and met her expression with a smile tugging at his handsome lips. "You will teach me and then I’ll take care of you, Selene. It is the way it must be. I’m not a man to live on a woman's wealth."
"Excuse me, but isn't Rhiannon's wealth what you expected to live upon when you kidnapped her? How is this any different?"
Her words made him scowl, realizing it was no different. "She was to be my wife! Her money would have been mine."
"If we were married would you feel better about me buying you clothes?" she asked in irritation. Tristan thought about it too long and she sighed in exasperation.
"You’re right, Selene," he surprised her to say. "It is no different if you look at it that way. I’m sorry. I feel like a beggar."
Selene knew his pride was taking a beating when she insisted upon taking him to a hair salon and paid to have his hair trimmed. He refused to have more than an inch taken off and she agreed. His hair was his own and he would not give in and cut it off.
Selene picked him up shaving supplies and some other things while he wandered about the drugstore. He seemed fascinated with the aisles of medicines. He wandered about in awe of the place. They spent more time there than any other store.
Tristan was looking at some very racy magazines when she approached, seeing his reddening face and sheepish look as he put the magazine down. Selene could see the female clerk was fascinated with Tristan, her heavily lined eyes widening as they stood at her counter. The female attention Tristan got all day was growing to annoy her. Selene had never thought she was a jealous woman, but she was very possessive of Tristan and it alarmed her.
Tristan saw her looking at the flirtatious clerk like she wished to hit her and grinned. When they walked out of the store, he leaned down to whisper in her ear. 
"It pleases me you’re so covetous of me, Selene."
"I'm not jealous!" she snapped as she clicked the car doors open and they got inside. 
Tristan buckled up and grinned. "You practically came across the counter after the wench!"
"About that wench thing," she began with an amused smile. "Learn to say lady or girl or woman. That is not an endearment. Most women would take it as an insult."
Tristan smiled and reached out to cover her hand with his, his deep blue eyes twinkling in pleasure. "It's alright for you to act thusly, Selene. It pleases me you wish me all to yourself. I feel the same."
"What about CJ?" she teased and he grinned back.
"She is beyond my reach, Selene," Tristan countered back and sighed. "You need not worry I’ll set off in search of her."
"I have to pick up some groceries and Daisy needs dog food," Selene said and gazed at him. "Are you tired? I can drop you back at the apartment and go alone?"
"What are groceries?" he asked.
"Oh my, you really have to see the grocery store. This will definitely please you."
Tristan smiled and his long finger traced a trail along her nape, making her shiver expectantly. "Wherever you go, I’ll follow, Selene."
~ ~ ~
Tristan followed her up the cereal aisle, gawking at all the food they passed. She hid a smile as he picked up a box of Captain Crunch cereal and put it in the cart. Her cart was overflowing by the time they got to the meat aisle. Tristan seemed fascinated with packaged meat, expressing a longing to hunt for his own aloud.
"My dad still hunts deer up north. It’s only done for pleasure now. You need not hunt for your food, as you can see."
See he did, looking at the packaged steaks with a look that melted Selene's resolve to start making him eat more healthy. Tristan didn’t have an ounce of spare flesh on him, but if he continued to eat as he had that week, he would discover junk food had its consequences. She was thinking about what he could do while she was at work and brightened. The complex had a fitness room that was state of the art. Tristan would enjoy working out now that he was not swinging a sword and training with Gideon. She was glad she had thought of it.
Selene was shocked at how quickly she latched onto Tristan like he was hers. They had no words spoken between them. Warnings went off in her head, but she had fallen for him long ago during the writing of chapter three. The love she had nurtured for his character was bursting forth and she couldn’t stop it if she wanted to.
Tristan was doting, attentive and thoughtful, just as she had written him to be. He had been raised a warrior, but Gideon taught him to be a gentleman when he needed to be. He was honest and had real integrity, and his loyalty was blind and steadfast. Besides being the best lover she had ever had, she was discovering he had qualities she had not written.  He had an alarming possessiveness toward her. He glared at any man who looked at her.
She enjoyed the grocery shopping experience immensely. Tristan's eyes widened when they went down the frozen food aisle. He seemed fascinated with how the stuff stayed cold, opening and closing the doors. She indulged him and got him some chocolate chip ice cream.
They made it to the checkout and Selene was not surprised when the bill came to over two hundred dollars. Tristan's eyes practically bulged from their sockets as she swiped her debit card and completed the transaction.
He pushed the cart to her car with a frown. "Hunting is free, Selene. Are you sure we must buy our food?"
"Hunting is no longer free, Tristan," she replied. "You have to buy a license to hunt, and are limited to how much you can kill. It is different nowadays."
"This modern world is perplexing." He fumed as he helped her load the trunk. "God's bounty even has a price upon it."
"Everything has a price." She saw his pained look and sympathized. "This is the modern world, Tristan. Money is more important here than in your world. You cannot live without it."
"Then I’ll find a way to make it, and lots of it, without kidnapping or killing anyone," he added as an afterthought.
She grinned and got into her car. "We will have to bring you up to speed on that as well. There are swift and sure consequences should you maim or kill anyone in this world, Tristan. You can’t take a sword to someone if they make you angry, or hit them if they say something you don't like. You would go to jail for it."
"No wonder this world is full of weaklings," he grumbled and looked out the window as they left the Kroger's parking lot.
Selene was pleased to know Tristan was starting to see the real stark differences in the world he insisted joining. She couldn’t have prepared him for all of this. He was notably quiet as they drove back to her apartment.
He helped her lug the groceries upstairs, insisting on getting the rest for her. He was determined to do something to earn his keep. She was touched by his efforts. It troubled her he seemed so despondent over her being in control of the finances. The man had a definite issue with her paying for everything.
Selene knew it would take time for him to settle in.  They spent the afternoon with her showing him around the complex, showing him where the weight room was. He was fascinated he didn’t have to exercise so primitively, but she did have to show him how to operate the equipment. She could see this pleased him.
She showed him the indoor pool and he was beside himself as he felt the water, finding it warm. She had to stop him from disrobing right there, giggling at an elderly woman's look of alarm who waded at the shallow end.
When they returned to the apartment, Daisy was whining. Tristan changed into his modern clothing. She smiled as they walked her dog down the walkway, pleased he even decided to wear the underwear for her benefit. He stepped gingerly in the tennis shoes at first, but soon seemed to like them.
She was surprised when his large hand found her free one, the other holding Daisy's leash. His big hand held hers as they walked. She was stunned at her feeling of elation. The gesture seemed unconscious by him, but to her it sent her spiraling back to the seventh grade. It was the sign that every girl looked for if a boy liked them.
Tristan clearly liked her. His blue eyes never failed to linger upon her, making her grow uncomfortably aware of him. The primitive sensual need she felt for him was shocking. She had two sexual relationships before she met Jim in college. She had never felt like this, and after ten years of marriage, it was disconcerting to know it. Sex with Tristan was as if she had never had sex before. She was quite shaken by it. She craved him in a way she couldn’t explain.
Selene felt fear as his big hand tightened around her fingers. She didn’t know what the future held for them. Always a planner, this distressed her more than anything else. Her fear she could wake up and find him gone filled her with such sorrow she looked away from his penetrating blue stare.
"What troubles you?" he asked, seeming to know she was distraught.
"The doorway is gone." Daisy stopped to sniff at something in the grass. "What does it all mean? I'm scared you will disappear."
Tristan seemed pleased she felt such anxiety over him. His fingers linked with hers and he smiled down at her. "Selene, I would not leave you. No power I could control would take me from you."
"That’s just it. We don't know if you being here is permanent, Tristan."
He absorbed her words carefully. "The fact I’m here at all should alleviate your worry."
Selene looked down at her dog, feeling her heart clench. "I’m not letting you out of my sight. I thought about it all day. I’m taking a leave of absence from work."
  "You do not have to keep watch over me, Selene. I need no nursemaid!" Tristan argued hotly.
"I have to find another place to live and the time off is way overdue," Selene explained and shook her head. "I haven't taken time off since I started working there. Jim and I planned our vacations for the summer when school was out. I have eight years’ worth of vacation time racked up. I mean to use it. We have to get you settled in."
"I do not like the trouble you go to for me, Selene," he growled tightly.
"Oh we will be busy, Tristan. You have much to learn and I can’t teach you these things while away teaching others. You need to learn to read and quickly. There is too much to be done if I’m working. It is hardly a bother. I have to work on getting you papers that say you even exist!"
Tristan mulled over her words and nodded, his hand tightening around hers. It was difficult for him to give in to her. His pride was taking a severe pummeling, but there was no hope for it. Her gorgeous made-up hero had to get real, and quickly.
"I’ll defer to you in this, Selene, because it is the only way for me to make my way in this world." He looked down at her with tenderness in his expression. "It is far harder than I thought it would be."
"Real life is far different than the book you were born into," Selene commented and looked sad. "I wish it wasn’t that way, but I suppose that’s why I like to write."
"Leaving the book undone bothers you. You did that for me too."
"Tristan, I can write another one! I’ll write another. But now we must concentrate on getting you where you need to be." She sighed as Daisy squatted near a fire hydrant.
Tristan was quiet when they returned from the walk. He insisted on holding Daisy's leash. He suddenly appeared grim as he looked down at her.
"What will you tell your people of me? They will wonder."
"I’ll avoid them as long as I can. My friends will just think you have an immigration problem. Don’t worry so much."
"What of the weakling?"
Selene flushed under his scowl as he asked about Axel. "He just met me. I owe him no explanation of anything."
"He wants you! You’re my woman! I’ll not tolerate him sniffing after your breeches, Selene!" Tristan snapped and looked menacing.
Selene smiled at his possessive tone. "Tristan, men do not carry women off over their shoulders in this day and age. Trust me, Axel will go quietly."
"You liked him. You said you did," Tristan persisted and she could see he was determined to know how she felt about him versus Axel. 
How could she tell him she had written the man of her dreams when she conjured him? How much did she dare put herself out there? 
He waited for her reply, tense and bristling and looking so glorious in the late afternoon sunlight she was tempted to pull his head down to kiss away his dark frown. She gave into that impulse and soon he was holding her tightly to his broad chest, kissing her back with a hunger that made her sigh under his lips. He lifted his head, his eyes darkened with passion.
"What does that tell you?" she asked in a breathless voice.
"Come, the dog is done and I would have some more convincing from you Selene."
They practically dragged Daisy up the stairs to her apartment. Tristan dropped the leash and snatched her up, his mouth cutting off anything she might have said. No words seemed to come to mind as they ripped at one another's clothes. Tristan swung her into his arms and carried her to the bedroom, tossing her upon the mattress. The predatory male look he gave her before he came down to join her made her sigh with delight.
Hours later she lay in his arms with such contentment, even the phone ringing couldn’t make her move to get up. She propped up on an elbow and looked down at Tristan, who slept at her side. 
Her storybook hero come to life had to learn some humility if this was to work with them. Tristan balked at her doing everything for him now. He was not used to a woman taking charge.
She looked him over with a dreamy look. Tristan was as beautiful to look upon as she had always imagined. He was utterly perfect from head to toe and she felt some pride in having created him. 
Not so bad for an amateur! 
The man seemed unaware of his looks too, which she was relieved of. He was attractive enough to model. She paused as she sat up and thought of Burke. He seemed to have been moderately successful at print work in Detroit. Maggie might have a list of contacts for her. 
Tristan might have skills with a sword and the ambition to use it in his time, but in her world he had to use other weapons for survival. She knew he wouldn’t be content to be her live-in kept man forever. He was far too ambitious for that. While the idea of others looking at him made her feel jealous she knew he could get a modeling contract quicker than Burke.
She was suddenly excited about the future and lay back down, lazily tracing the pattern of hair upon his chest with her finger until his big hand stopped her, one blue eye opening lazily.
"You’re insatiable, woman," he drawled as he drew her close, his big hands sliding under the comforter to pull her closer and slide over her appreciatively. "Can you not lie still?"
"Do you complain?"
"Nay, I do not." He cupped her breasts and caressed them boldly. "I cannot keep my hands from you, Selene."
Selene leaned up and brought her lips to his, her hand seeking his rigid length with an eagerness that made him growl under her lips. She was too aroused now to hold back, rolling on top of him and taking him inside of her, moving upon him with slow sensual movements that enflamed him. He arched under her, staring up at her with passion-darkened eyes.
Tristan didn’t seem to mind her taking control in bed. He urged her to take her own pleasure, his hands coaxing her until she cried out and shuddered against his chest. He held her close when he found his own release, holding her to him fiercely as he erupted within her, her name on his lips.
Selene dragged herself from his arms to make a bowl of ice cream. She returned to the bed to feed it to him. He was making delighted noises as she fed it to him, his eyes filled with pleasure. 
He took the spoon from her and fed her, his blue eyes filled with naughtiness as he brought a spoonful to her nipple, rubbing it with the ice cream until it tautened and grew rigid. She gasped as it got too cold for her to stand and his mouth lowered to warm it up with slow, sensual strokes of his tongue.  He warmed to the task and soon the rest of the ice cream was smeared across her shivering form, his golden head bent to lick it away, chewing upon the chocolate pieces and smearing them across her abdomen. Her ragged gasps became muffled under her hand as she writhed under the carnal feeling of being licked from head to toe.
When Tristan took her, he was close to brutal, plowing so deeply within her, she screamed and clawed at his back. Daisy barked from the living room in agitation, reminding her they had neighbors who no doubt knew she had a dog and a lover now. She didn’t care, her heels digging into the backs of his powerful thighs as he brought her to a violent orgasm, making her splinter into a thousand fragments of molten fire, her insensible words lost under his burning lips.
Selene felt like she had no strength to move as he held her against his chest. She felt so deliciously aware of every pore of her skin right now. He stroked her hair and kissed her naked shoulders, making her feel worshipped for the first time in her life. Tears filled her eyes to think of losing him.  She closed her eyes and pressed closer to him, burying her face into his chest.
Tristan lifted her chin and stared down at her in concern. "What is wrong, Selene? Did I hurt you?"
"No, this is just so perfect," she said as a tear streamed down her cheek. He wiped it away tenderly. "I can't think of losing you should this magic disappear tomorrow. I'm afraid, Tristan."
He frowned and pushed her hair out of her eyes. "Selene, I think I was made to love you. I cannot think of anything else I wish to do."
"What of your birthright?" She teased him, knowing until a week ago he wanted the earldom of Montfort back.
"When I learned none of it was real, I no longer wanted it." Tristan stretched out and his hands found hers. "I wanted the voice I heard, and then the woman I saw. I want only you now, Selene. If I must sit back and play the girl, so be it. I’ll do what I must to stay with you."
"Tristan, I feel so responsible for all that has happened to you."
"You made me, Selene." He stared down at her with adoration in his burning gaze. "I cannot help but love you. Tell me you feel the same."
"I do love you. I can't help it. You have no idea how much, but I don't trust this enchantment or whatever it is," she whispered and laid her head upon his chest, easing next to him for comfort. "I expect to wake and find you gone. I don’t care to think of it."
Tristan held her tightly, his troubled expression telling her he feared the same. "We cannot know what tomorrow will bring, my love. Let us live for today and do not think of it. Whatever time we have, I do not want to squander it on silly talk. I would get in the shower now. I feel sticky in places that should not be sticky."
Selene giggled and got up. She grabbed his hand and tugged him off the bed, pulling him into the bathroom with her. They washed each other with slow thoroughness until Tristan was once again pushing her up against the wall of the shower. She closed her eyes in ecstasy as he imprinted his mark upon her, holding her legs up as he made her his once more, his hands pinning hers to the wall as he brought her to the heights of passion. Selene clutched his shoulders to her, her eyes flying wide as a tumult of dazzling sensations coursed through her. Her hands slid through his long, wet locks, her lips at his ear. 
"I love you, Tristan."
The words seemed to make him work even more furiously to bring them both to a slow, shaking climax. She was grateful he held her up. Tristan stared down at her with love shining in his eyes as he urged her knees up higher, driving harder within her. He closed his eyes, his handsome features filled with hunger.
Their mouths fused and slanted against one another as the water sprayed over them. He finally reared back and a low growl escaped his lips. 
"I love you, Selene," he whispered hoarsely as he finally went still within her, breathing raggedly and shaking. He was unsteady as he lowered her legs. He stared down at her with a gentle look in his eyes, touching her cheek. "I’ll love you no matter where our story ends. This I mean. I make no rash promises like your new world weaklings, Selene. You of all should know I do not give my heart easily. It is yours, for always."
She was shocked at his heartfelt disclosure, overwhelmed at the depth of his feelings. "Tristan, you must promise me that if this magic ends and you’re sent back to the world within my book you will make the best of it. Tell me you will do this, or I’ll not be able to bear it."
"You act like I’m already gone. If that should happen, I promise you I’ll allow you to write my destiny. Does that please you?"
"It relieves me of the guilt I have felt since you came alive in my computer and shouted at me for destroying your life."
"I think my life began the moment I walked through that portal, Selene. It is what I want now." He brought her hand to his lips. "Do not worry so much."
Selene thought of his words later, while he slept at her side and she tossed and turned with worry and anxiousness, waking to see if he still lay beside her in the wee hours of morning. At six in the morning, she woke before her alarm. 
She walked Daisy and returned to call into work the second time in eight years. She dialed Kyle Pritchard's extension. He was the assistant principal of Grand Blanc Elementary and handled employee matters. He would be the one to handle the paperwork involved in her leave of absence. She used her mother's illness and personal problems as her reasoning for taking the next eight weeks off into the summer months when she would be off anyway.
Selene felt little guilt as she hung up. Kyle knew how dedicated she had been. She was one of the few teachers he didn’t have to worry would show up on Monday. Kyle would cut her a lot of slack for that reason.
 Tristan needed her more than her students did. He had much to learn to survive in the modern world. Thoughts of him had haunted her for months, ever since she began writing about him. She felt a twinge of guilt when she thought of Axel.
Axel would be hurt if he knew she had thrown herself into a relationship with a man she created in her book. She hesitated to have dinner with him. How did one explain such feelings or the circumstances? 
Tristan was a force of nature and she couldn’t resist being swept away by him. For however long it lasted and whatever the cost, she couldn’t help the direction her heart took.
CHAPTER EIGHT
 
Darcy was calling her cell phone by noon.  Axel was calling as well. Selene knew they had heard she went on personal leave. She knew she couldn’t avoid the explanations they would all want. She knew Darcy and Maggie were at lunch by then. Darcy answered on the first ring.
"Oh my God! We were so worried about you, honey! Are you okay?"
"I'm fine. I just need time off, Darcy," Selene said quietly while Tristan was walking Daisy across the street. "My mom is sick too. My dad needs help. I’ll keep in touch."
"Are you going to Grosse Pointe for a while?"
"Yeah, don't worry. I just feel like it's all coming down on me right now," Selene explained and meant it. "I think I need it before I lose it completely."
"Axel is really worried, Selene. What do I tell him? He cornered me this morning when Kyle announced you’re on leave until fall."
"I'll call him. I need to get away. I'll be in touch."
Darcy said Maggie was in class and she would have their friend call her later. Selene hung up feeling guilty for lying to her closest friends. She dialed her father. At the sound of his deep reassuring voice she felt tears spring to her eyes for some reason. She missed her parents so bad. It was time that she quit lying to them. He had to know she was divorced once and for all.
"Hey dad, what's going on?"
"Sweetie, we miss you," her dad said in relief to hear her voice. "I told your mother you would call us when you could."
"Dad, I'm sorry, but I’ve been lying to you both for months," she admitted quietly and closed her eyes and counted to ten as her father digested her words.
"What's going on, Selene?" Worry was thick in his voice.
"Jim and I are divorced," she replied softly and her voice caught and broke. "I couldn’t tell you because I knew what you would say. He left me for his secretary seven months ago."
"Honey, that's the best news I've heard in ten years," he acknowledged with relief in his voice. "Come home, Selene, we want to see you."
"I have a friend, dad," she admitted, a smile tugging at her lips as she watched Tristan walking Daisy across the lot. "He is very important to me. I have to bring him with me. I also want the keys to the cottage in Tawas for the summer, if it's okay."
"That's fine, just come see us, Selene. Your mother is getting worse," he admitted gruffly. "I planned to call you this week to ask you to come home. Your ears must have been ringing. You need to come now."
Selene hung up feeling her heart clench, knowing her mother was quite bad if her father insisted she come home. Guilt filled her to know how she avoided them the last six months. She had talked to her mother and father regularly, but avoided going home, knowing they would question why Jim never came with her.
Selene had only managed to avoid them learning the truth by transferring the home phone at the house to her apartment. Jim didn’t care, for he hardly ever answered the landline at the house. When they called her, they had no idea she was on her own.
Tristan saw her expression and tensed as they walked back up to the apartment. While she made coffee, he sat at the bar with a questioning look.
"You’re sad. What is it?"
"My mother has cancer. She is dying, Tristan." A tear slipped down her cheek. "She is getting worse. My dad asks me to come home. If she weren't really bad off, he wouldn’t ask."
"Of course, you must go." Tristan didn’t bat an eyelash. She loved him for that.
"I told my father I'm bringing a guest, Tristan. I want you to come with me," she said as tears filled her gaze. "I would like very much for you to meet my parents."
Tristan was overwhelmed, nodding quickly. "What do we do with Daisy?"
"We take her with us," Selene announced. "I have a special treat for you. My parents have a cottage up north on the beach. We are spending the summer there."
"What about the move? Don't you have to find another place to live?"
"My stuff can go into storage before we leave for the cottage. That way, I need not come back until August."
"Selene, are you sure about this?" he asked with a troubled look. "I would understand if you need to go alone."
"No, I want you with me, Tristan. I can't do this alone anymore."
Tristan came and took her into his arms, seeing she was ready to burst into tears. She allowed him to comfort her. He drew away and wiped at her tears.
"Do not cry, Selene," he begged and stared down at her with a sad look. "What do we tell them? They will question why you come without your lout of a husband."
"I told them the lout and I got divorced," she told him with a sad smile. "My dad hated Jim. Trust me. You’re an improvement. Only we can’t tell him where you came from. He would throw us both in a loony bin if he knew."
"What is a loony bin?" Tristan asked suspiciously.
"It is a place where they put insane people," Selene explained with a giggle and hugged him fiercely.
"You wish for me to lie to them?"
"Tristan, I ask you to stay as close to the truth as you can without telling them their daughter has run off with a character in her book.  Just stay within whatever boundaries of the truth you can without telling them. That is all I ask."
"You’re ashamed of me?" Tristan snapped and drew away, frowning darkly.
"No! You misunderstand! You’re one of the few things I happen to be proud of, but my parents will not believe all of this. Please trust me. Do not tell them."
Tristan accepted her words, but he appeared disturbed she asked him to say nothing of the magical circumstances of their meeting.
"Selene, they are your parents. Why can you not trust them enough to be honest?" Tristan said this with clear disdain.
She cringed at his obvious displeasure, recalling she had also written him to be disgustingly honest. Asking him to lie to her parents to spare them their shock was obviously asking a lot. She stared up at him and held both his hands in hers, her golden eyes filled with certainty.
"Tristan, my father is a very learned man, a scholar. He could not begin to believe any of this. With my mother's health so frail, I wouldn’t have him worry his daughter is a nutjob. Now do you see?"
Tristan rubbed her hands, visibly relaxing. "I understand. I’ll not say anything to get us tossed into the loony bin. I promise."
"Good, because I may get out, but they would keep you if you told them who you are," she teased, giggling at his outraged expression.
Tristan pulled her into his arms, nuzzling her neck and inhaling her fragrance. "Ah, Selene, I would say anything to be with you."
Selene held onto him tightly, closing her eyes and enjoying his big strong arms around her. He pulled her with him, a renewed look of desire in his gaze as he led her to her bedroom. She dragged her heels in feeble protest before he picked her up and carried her to her bed.
Tristan lay down next to her. He smoothed her hair off her forehead, lowering to kiss her there. He seemed in no hurry to ravish her. She lifted her head, but he pushed her back down, his big palm square in the middle of her forehead.
"You will lay back and rest your mind now, Selene," he ordered softly, his blue eyes filled with determination. "You have black rings under your eyes because you hardly sleep at all since I arrived. You need rest. I’ll look after the dog. I do not want you up until you’re rested."
"There is too much to do," she argued and tried to get up but he pushed her back down. "Tristan we have to pack, I have calls to make."
"You will rest before you do anything." He refused to allow her to get up. "You do your mother no good arriving exhausted. You will sleep and I’ll work upon my letters."
"If you’re sure you will be okay?"
"Selene, I’m a grown man who has seen his share of battle," Tristan informed her with an indignant scowl. "I’m up for watching over your dwelling while you nap."
Selene felt exhausted and nodded, her golden eyes simmering in amusement at his reaction. She sighed, yawning deeply, her eyes never leaving his face. His handsome visage was the last she saw as her eyelids fluttered shut. She slept deeply, not rousing to the phone or even Daisy's excited barking when Tristan played with her in the living room all that day.
She got up and it was dark in her room. She stumbled out of bed and went out into the living room, panic in her gaze until she saw Tristan seated at the bar working in his book. She relaxed and stepped out into the living room, her gaze going to the clock on the microwave, widening to know she had slept six hours. It was nearly seven in the evening.
"How did you sleep?" He asked without looking up from his book.
"Like a dead person," she replied and petted her dog when Daisy came to her side, wagging her tail.
"You must be hungry?" She came into the kitchen to open the refrigerator.
"I’m not hungry, Selene." He leaned upon his elbows. "I’ll not have you toiling to cook for me."
"Tristan, I just spent two hundred dollars on groceries," she informed him with a scowl. "You will eat!"
He raised an eyebrow. "You would command me to eat now?"
Selene glared at him, her golden eyes narrowing. "If I have to sit on your lap and force feed you, I will."
"Very well, you may feed me from my lap," he replied softly, smiling and enjoying her angry flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes.
Selene could see he was playing with her and relaxed, shaking her head at him. "You do that just to get on my nerves."
"It is too easy to resist," he added with a grin. "I think you should teach me to cook and I can help you with these chores."
"You? Cook?" She asked doubtfully, thinking he would start a fire if he attempted such. "Since when does an English lord cook?"
"This English lord spent many a night chasing his meals in the woods and had little choice of it, Selene," he replied in an outraged tone. "I’m not helpless."
Selene could see he was determined to help out, even if he thought cooking a chore for servants as he had said before. It pleased her that he showed such an interest just to please her and prove he was capable.
"Alright, wash your hands, and we will make dinner." Selene smiled as he got up from the bar and came around to wash his hands in the sink. She handed him a towel and watched as he rolled up the sleeves to his shirt.
She decided to start with something simple, taking the steaks he loved and showed him how to tenderize them first. She took out the portable electric grill, plugged it in, and sprayed it with non-stick spray. He watched her and she got busy making a salad. He helped her rinse and chop lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and green peppers into a bowl. She showed him how to toss it. He seemed impressed with the grill as they put on the steaks.
She took out a bottle of red wine and poured them both a glass. 
He sipped his and sighed at the flavor. "I can truthfully say the spirits are much better in this century," he claimed and set down the glass to watch the steaks cook, fascinated they did not have to build a cook fire.
"Is it so awful there?"
Tristan considered her words, smiling sadly. "People sicken and die young of things readily cured in this age. The young die of diseases you get shots for now. Criminals run rampant, ready to slit your throat for your purse. It is a brutal period. The nobles are not noble at all, but creatures that are sly and talk out both sides of their mouths. The women are liars, all of them. They feign indifference when even feeling passion, as if to deny themselves is to be expected. But there is beauty, simplicity in it that is no longer present here."
"You didn’t answer my question," she remarked as she took out a bottle of Italian dressing. “Do you miss it?"
Tristan shrugged and looked away from her searching gaze. "I do, surprisingly enough. There I am someone important even if I have to fight tooth and nail to get what was stolen from me. Here, I feel like I’m nothing but what you see in me."
Selene paused as she set down the dressing, her golden eyes seeing his struggle now. "And Gideon, you miss him as well?"
"He was like a father, a closest friend, a teacher, and a brother. I do miss him."
"And Rhiannon, how do you feel about her?"
Tristan swung to face her, anger in his gaze. "I feel not what I should, Selene! She is beautiful, yes, but to win her would have been impossible given our start, don't you agree?"
"That was my fault."
"You could not have known." He looked down at the steaks. "Why do we talk of this? It is you that I love, not her."
"Have you thought of her at all while you’ve been here?" She fretted to think of what thoughts lie behind his implacable expression.
"It guilt's me, yes. If you must know I feel terrible about what I did to her," he admitted, poking at the steaks with a fork. "Had I not been so quick to ruin her, to make her bend to me when she clearly would not, she would be attended by every suitor in the land now."
"What will you do if this magic that brought you here takes you back?" she asked quietly.
Tristan looked at her with a resolved expression. "I’ll do as you asked of me, Selene. I’ll try to gain her forgiveness."
Selene felt her heart clench at the thought of losing him. Each time she closed her eyes, he could disappear. She had begun to need him, depend upon him for something that she had lacked and never known existed. Thinking of his living happily ever after with Rhiannon made her feel tormented.
"I created her too, and I’m jealous of her." Selene leaned against the counter, closing her eyes as a wave of unexplainable sorrow passed through her. "That is the worst of it. I feel as though I stole you from her."
Tristan came to her, his blue eyes filled with emotion. "I wanted to be with you, Selene. I did not want the life you gave to me. You put obstacles in our way we were supposed to overcome because of love. I saw no chance of love with her, only you."
Selene nodded, knowing he meant what he said. Still, her guilt she left some poor girl alone in a castle for eternity nagged at her. She was quiet during dinner. He saw her melancholy and said nothing. She knew this unreasonable guilt over Rhiannon was ridiculous. She wasn’t real like Tristan.
Out of all the characters in her book, only he had come alive. Perhaps devoting so much time to create him, she neglected the others. She had been so hurt over her marriage falling apart. Creating Tristan had given her hope.
"What do you think of sneaking down to the pool?" He looked hopeful as he sipped his wine.
"We can if you want to. You don't have any swim trunks."
He raised an eyebrow. She chuckled. Tristan wouldn’t wear them even if he had them. However, just to be on the safe side he had to wear something down there. The pool was always deserted this late in the evening, she knew. 
A feeling of excitement was felt too skinny dip with Tristan. She had never done it in her life and always wanted to under the right circumstances. Feeling as she did made her hurry to load the dishwasher and retire to her room to dig out her bathing suit. She found a pair of sweatpants and a hoodie and grabbed two towels from the bathroom. He waited at the door, looking so appealing she wanted to grab him and drag him back to the bedroom but he wanted to swim.
They entered the pool house and found it deserted. Tristan took off his tennis shoes on a bench as she went to the ladies’ room to change into her suit. She returned and he was already in the pool.
He floated on his back, his long powerful body floating upon the top of the water, giving her an unprecedented view of his nakedness. She felt herself growing warm, even if it was nearly eighty-five degrees in the pool area. She tossed the towels on the bench, walked to the shallow end, and tested the water with her toe, sighing at the warmth of the water.
She felt self-conscious in the hot pink bikini she had bought last summer, knowing it was ridiculous considering the intimacies they had already shared. Tristan seemed to love her body. She felt unequal to the bountiful CJ Parker he had obsessed over when he watched his first episode of Baywatch.
Tristan ogled her boldly as he swan near, a distinctly pleased expression on his face as he watched her step down to get into the pool. His eyes traced the slim perfection of her legs, adoring every lovely curve until they were fully submerged from his gaze. Swimming to her, he saw how her golden eyes seem so saddened.
He longed for her in a way he could not explain since hearing her voice in his room. It was more than love. The emotion was too powerful for him to put into words. She was better at putting letters together than him. Even she could not have known how he really felt for her. At the lowest point in his existence it was she who gave him hope.
The thought of being cast out of her world by some inexplicable force made him angry. He was careful not to show her how frustrated he was. He didn’t know how long this enchantment would last. She could disappear tomorrow and he would live eternally in her writings.
Tristan knew he had been born the day she typed him up upon her keyboard. His existence was created by the magic in her mind. He felt anger to realize it, raw and bitter, but had then reasoned his purpose had been to find happiness with her. It was his one mark of defiance in her book that Selene could not have known of, his using the ring's power to seek her out instead of his betrothed Lady Rhiannon of Severn.
Selene was going to so much trouble to create false lives she forgot how to enjoy her own. He was conscious he might be forced out of her world eventually. Just thinking of returning to the castle where his intended seethed in her angry tower at his mere presence made him cringe in denial.
The beautiful and elegant Rhiannon wanted no part of him from the start, even with Selene's clever plot twists. Those enchanting violet eyes had only looked at him in icy disdain. The fire of her glorious red hair had hinted at some passion. She bit and scratched at him when he tried to kiss her. He used every bit of his skills to seduce her that night in the woods after he kidnapped her. She was as cold as a frigid winter's night, unwelcoming and unforgiving as he took her upon the hard ground.  She had cursed him as he took her innocence, vowing to hate him forever. There was no choice. With Stephen hot on his heels, he could not wait for the words of a priest to bind them together. He needed her dowry to wage his war. 
Her father, Lord Severn, had tried to kill him when he demanded it from him in good faith. Tristan had no choice but to kill the man in self-defense. Tristan believed he could woo her with tender words once he got her to Raven's Keep. To have had any thoughts to win her at all after that was pure bravado on his part.
His own disillusionment and indecision over what he had done caused the ring to hear his thoughts. The power it wielded opened the magical portal between their worlds. The ring gave the wearer the power to attain their heart's desire. He knew the power of the ring kept her from making the changes in the book now.
Tristan didn’t want a future with Rhiannon anymore. He wanted a life with Selene. Everything had gone wrong in his quest when he cut off Stephen de Montfort's finger to avenge his father. That one desperate act had set the tone for it all. Even now, he could not take the ring off. It burned his skin at first when he put it on. Now it was stuck upon his finger and wouldn’t come off.  
Tristan wouldn’t tell her the truth. She felt responsible for his situation enough. He knew he had the power to leave just to think it and the portal would open. He didn’t want to go back, ever. He wanted to close the portal forever and destroy the ring. 
Seeing her gazing at him so trustingly made it difficult to meet her eyes. He was an honest man by nature. The ring made him lie to protect its secrets now.
"What are you thinking about?"
"That you make CJ look very bad in that suit, Selene."
"You’re a horrible liar, Tristan. Nobody makes CJ look bad in a swimsuit."
"It is only you I see, Selene." He closed the distance and swam to her, wrapping his arms around her, drawing her to his chest. "It is only you that I want."
"Tristan, you must admit we can plan no future together."
"We spend every moment doing what we do now, and no more, Selene." He lifted her chin, staring deeply into her eyes.
"I have always been a planner all my life," she grumbled, looking away from his amused expression. "I planned my wedding the first time Jim and I went out on a date. I planned my whole life before I truly lived it. Now it is all upside down, my mother is dying, and you come into my life. It is not easy for me to sit back and enjoy the now."
She looked up at him and he felt a tug in his heart at her vulnerable expression.  Wanting to tell her the ring is what started it all and kept her from making these changes for him was starting to gnaw at him. That is all that kept him here now, the power of his father's ring and his love for her.
Philippe de Montfort had been murdered by his own brother, his ring finger severed from his hand. Whoever wore it now had great power. It was the ring Stephen wanted back, not the title he had stolen with it. 
That was why Stephen raised an army to pursue him. Lord de Vigny was not who Selene thought he was. The man acted in the guise of a friend and deliberately stalled their leaving, even dosing their wine at the evening meal. 
Selene's voice had brought him out of his drug-induced sleep that night. Whatever waited for him there was now stalled. He meant to use the ring's power to aid his and Rhiannon's escape from deVigny's stronghold. 
Instead, he followed the voice.
Selene would not be pleased to know while she had concentrated her attentions on creating him, she neglected all the others. They developed their own thoughts and ideas. It pained him to keep it from her and act as though he was oblivious to the power that brought him here.
 He brooded over the matter night and day since he arrived into her world. He had walked into the tower room and sought the ring's power to solve his problems. He heard Selene's voice instead, and his course was forever changed.
The story was not finished.
 The castle was now frozen in time. 
Whatever ill will and mischief de Vigny perpetrated was never to be seen through. Should he go back, he was forewarned, but he had no desire to spend his life waving a sword at enemies who cropped up faster than ones already slain.
It was wrong not to tell her of the ring's significance. She wouldn’t believe he had fallen in love with her long before he saw her. Selene was pessimistic and cynical. Her husband's treatment aside, she didn’t trust in such wondrous feelings. He could see her disbelief in him, and them, even as her emotions struggled to the surface. Tristan wanted her to believe in him, even if she knew in her mind that she created him.
"You make me nervous when you get so quiet," she commented as she wrapped her arms around his neck and held onto him as he carried her deeper into the pool.
Tristan smiled. "Why do you need talk, Selene?"
She appeared to struggle with the question. "To know what you’re thinking."
"Can't you tell these things I’m thinking? Why must I always say them aloud?" He chuckled as his teeth nipped gently on her shoulder.
"Sometimes it's nice to hear the words," Selene informed him as she felt his hardness against her thigh.
Tristan knew she needed reassurances he couldn’t give her. She knew less than him but neither knew how much time they had together. He carried her to the side of the pool, trapping her against the edge. 
Her eyes flew wide as she saw the desire in his eyes. Before she could question the location of his choice of spots to have sex, he was sliding her bathing suit bottoms off. They sunk to the bottom. His fingers wreaked havoc on her state of mind as he pressed her against the side of the pool. Soft gasps escaped her as his lips hovered close to hers.
"Are you sure you want to talk, my love?" He positioned himself against her, the tip of his penis sliding inside her and inching slowly within her.
"Oh, no— no talk," she whispered and her weightless legs wrapped around him, pulling him to her tightly.
He thrust deep within her, his hands positioned on each side of her, his body pinning hers as he created a slow steady wave around them, moaning in delight as he lost himself within her once more.
The low murmurs and sighs echoed within the pool area. Muffled gasps and cries became muted and tapered off finally. Selene sighed and looked dazed as Tristan kissed the side of her neck, his lips lingering at her ear, nibbling at the delicate lobe.
"You do that on purpose to avoid talking about things," she accused him and wondered if she should dive for her suit, both pieces now sitting at the bottom of the pool.
Tristan grinned a wicked smile. "It works every time too."
"We need to really get busy on your reading now. How far did you get through those books I gave you?" Selene asked softly as she floated within his arms.
"All of them," he replied and twirled her around.
Selene looked stunned, golden eyes wide. "You finished them all?"
He nodded and looked confused. "Isn't that what you wanted?"
"I didn’t think you would be even half done by now," she replied and shook her head. "I'm impressed. That means you’re ready for easy chapter books. That's wonderful, Tristan."
Tristan wanted to impress her, which was not easy because in her time his skills were limited. Hearing her praise made up for his long frustrating hours spent pouring over the workbooks. He knew his whole alphabet, suffixes, prefixes, and was sounding out words already on his own.
Selene looked up at him with admiration and he knew it had all been worth it. For the first time since he came to her world, he felt he made headway to finding some sense of worth here. His goal was to be able to read his own story, find some more clues of where it all went wrong.
CHAPTER NINE

Selene dove for her suit and hastily put it on before she got out and retrieved their towels. Tristan walked out in his glorious nakedness and chuckled to see her looking about for signs of other tenants as he dried off. They dressed and walked back to the apartment.
Tristan was walking Daisy and the phone rang. She picked up out of habit, without checking the ID. It was Axel.
"Hey Selene. Is everything alright?" he asked with worry in his tone.
"Yes and no," Selene said and hated herself for lying to him. He was the right guy at the wrong time in her life. "My mother is ill and I'm on my way home for a while."
"I'm sorry to hear that," he said and sounded sincere. "Pritchard said you weren't coming back until the fall."
"Yeah, it's necessary. My dad has his hands full right now, and to be honest with everything going on right now, I need the break."
"Call me and let me know how you are, Selene. Or if you just want to talk. I'm there," he reminded her quietly and she heard footsteps outside the door.
"I'll call you when I get to my parents house and give you an update okay?" Selene said and felt like she was rushing to get off the phone. Tristan was extremely jealous of any man that looked twice at her.
Axel hung up and Selene replaced the receiver in relief as Tristan came in with Daisy. The dog adored him already and was learning bad habits very quickly. She was found at the end of her bed more often than not. Tristan was always feeding her scraps from his plate. Daisy was forever ruined and had only been with her three days.
Tristan took her off her leash and she ran to find her toys. He came over and gazed down at her apologetically.
"I think your neighbors caught us on our way back. How do you hide such a big dog? I could not."
"It's okay. We’re leaving Friday. I won't get my security deposit back, but it's not like she damaged anything. Don't worry about it. I have to put my stuff in storage and pack the rest of the week. I don't want to have to come back here until I have to."
"Are you sure about going up to this cottage?" 
"You will love it there, Tristan." She regaled him with tales from her childhood going up there every long holiday weekend while growing up. "It's one of my favorite places to go. While we are there, we can work on what you need to learn. It's perfect. If I want to work on my writing, I can, or we can just sit on the beach and get some sun."
Tristan wandered over and sat on the couch. Daisy clambered up beside him despite the dirty look Selene gave her. He clicked on the TV. She smiled to see how quickly he grasped cable. The need to hog a remote control must have been programmed into men since the caveman era. Even Tristan had that annoying trait most modern men had. He loved old westerns and she was certain he was stuck on Baywatch.
She took the opportunity to go into the bedroom and call Maggie. She answered and sounded breathless. She was on her treadmill and took a break to talk to Selene.
"You scared us all, Selene. Why didn’t you call me?" She sounded annoyed.
"Because there was no need to worry. My mom took a turn for the worst. I have to go. That's all it is," she explained and then remembered her other reason for needing to talk to Maggie. "I was wondering if you still have that friend on the east side."
"Reggie? Yeah, why?" She sounded suspicious and disapproving. Reggie sold drugs, in addition to ID's.
"I have a friend with some immigration problems. He needs ID, birth certificate, all of it."
"Who's the friend?"
"You don't know him. He's English." Selene frowned at how little she wanted anyone to know about Tristan. "He's illegal and has no papers."
"How did he get here then?"
Selene rolled her eyes. Maggie was good. "His stuff was lost and he had some other issues. I'm trying to help him out so he can stay here Maggie. Can Reggie help?"
"Yeah, but the stuff doesn't come cheap. Tell your friend he's looking at a couple grand just for a birth certificate."
"That much? Really?" 
"If he's English and doesn't have a visa he's going to get deported, Selene."
"Deported?" If the immigration department got their hands on Tristan, they would send him back to England. 
What a mess!
"The alternative is him getting a Green Card. He has to marry an American to get one of those," Maggie said and paused. "How did you hook up with an illegal alien? I thought you and Coach Gifford were seeing each other?" She heard the irritation in Maggie's voice and knew she was sore Axel preferred her.
"Axel and I are just friends, Maggie. I'm not ready for a relationship. I just got divorced."
"Well, he lost out because I found somebody my own age that night," Maggie bragged. "We have been seeing each other ever since."
"Tell me he graduated from high school?"
Maggie chuckled appreciatively. "He's twenty-six, older than Burke at least."
"Have you heard from Burke?"
"He called to see if I would wire him some money. I told him the Bank of Maggie was officially closed to him."
"Good for you."
"My dad is moving in with me to help me with bills." She sounded dismayed. "He's living in that house all by himself now that my mom's gone. It makes sense, but it's going to be tough having my dad living with me."
"You will get through it."
"Selene, if you need to talk you have my number. I know I'm not all warm and cuddly like Darcy but I'm your friend too."
"I'll call you guys and give you updates," she promised. "I won't know much until I get there."
"I'll call Reggie and see if we can get the English guy a birth certificate. From England, you say?"
"Yeah, I need it quick too."
"Alright, I’ll call you and let you know what he can do, but it would be a lot easier if the guy just got married if he wants to stay here."
Selene hung up and thought about what Maggie said. Tristan's status wouldn't be questioned if they got married, but they had only known each other four days. It was a little soon to consider it, but the idea pulled at her.
Tristan wouldn't have to worry if he got a Green Card and married a US citizen. She frowned, wondering how he would feel about it. He had known Rhiannon five minutes before he tossed her over his shoulder, so she doubted after four days of being her lover he would have any qualms.
They could talk about it when Maggie tracked Reggie down. She got up off the edge of her bed and went into the living room. Tristan was now lying down with Daisy spooned against him, sleeping. She clicked off the TV and looked down at him fondly. Just the thought of this man as her husband pleased her.
Selene went to her computer and decided to check her email. She hit a button and the screen popped up. The shutters were open. She could see movement in the room. She moved quickly off to the side, fearful whoever was in Tristan's room would see her. She turned up the volume.
"Where is he, Merta?" A female voice asked in annoyance. "Lord de Montfort didn’t just disappear from his room! His horse is still in the stables."
"I don't know, my lady," the maid replied worriedly. "I came in to clean the room and he was gone."
Selene peaked around the corner. Her eyes widened to see the beautiful redheaded lady standing at the window, a solemn expression on her perfect features.
"He has to be found." Lady Rhiannon looked fearful. "His uncle rides for de Vigny lands. Our benefactor tells me the other Lord de Montfort also wishes a marriage with me."
"Why do we not leave, my lady? We know where the younger Lord de Montfort is going. Surely we can sneak away when Lord de Vigny is into his cups," the maid whispered and sounded scared. "We have to get you away from here!"
"I know where he is heading, but I do not know where Tristan is now," Rhiannon said in disgust, her pretty face filled with anger. "For a man determined to wed me, his fleeing and abandoning us here doesn't sound like him at all."
Selene saw the emotions pass over her heroine's face and tensed, seeing the fleeting softness in her violet eyes before she turned from the window and stalked back into the room. Her flowing deep burgundy skirts trailed the floor as she paced. Her long red hair hung in beauteous waves down her back. Selene couldn’t believe she was looking at Rhiannon. She also could see the girl was hardly immune to Tristan. 
What woman would not be enthralled with such a man? 
Rhiannon just managed to hide her attraction better than most. She had convinced Tristan of her hatred. Now she sought him out in his rooms, concerned obviously.
"Can we not go home, my lady?" the maid asked.
"The title goes to my cousin Edward with my father dead. We do not dare." Rhiannon looked tense. "He would only sell me, as Father intended. No, we will find my errant bridegroom. He has gotten us into this, and he will get us out! I’m not going to become his uncle's unwilling bride now too!"
Both women left Tristan's room. Selene turned down the sunshine and volume, worried the other characters would come looking for Tristan. He had vanished it appeared. Rhiannon was on her own on her way to Raven's Keep. Stephen was riding for deVigny lands. The old friend of Tristan's father had not been trustworthy. 
What was going on? 
Why were the book characters carrying on without the hero in the book?
Selene thought the book had been paused in Tristan's absence. It was in play without him. She looked over at Tristan and wondered if she should tell him Rhiannon worried over his disappearance. The girl couldn’t have known anyone was watching when she let that look of longing in her face slip. 
But knowing what he said about women of that time period, it was obvious letting Tristan know she found him desirable was not an option for a well-bred lady.
She got a shower and made ready for bed. She roused Tristan and he joined her in bed, his big arm dragging her close to his chest while he slept. Selene could never recall ever feeling so safe and secure. Her last thought before she closed her eyes was that she hoped he would be there when she woke.
~ ~ ~
Selene brought up the plastic bins from her storage closet and started packing while Tristan worked diligently on the easy chapter books she bought for him. She smiled while he read to her of Dick and Jane and Spot, touched as he mastered each and every one. 
By day's end she had done the impossible and packed up her apartment, called and put in a disconnect on all her utilities, and informed the complex she was not renewing her lease.
Tristan helped her load the bins onto a moving truck the next day and she put her belongings into a rented storage unit. He didn’t seem to mind living out of a duffel bag while they waited to leave for Grosse Pointe.
Selene decided the desktop computer would go to Tawas with them so she could monitor the other characters in her book, disturbed they had all awoken now. She didn’t tell Tristan his uncle was after Rhiannon or that de Vigny turned traitor. 
In her heart, she knew telling him would precipitate his leaving to return. Guilt ate at her to know Rhiannon was on the run from Stephen now and Tristan was not there to aid her. She could only hope she had given the girl enough common sense to hide from him. 
Surely, Rhiannon would be safe once she reached Raven's Keep? 
Stephen would not dare trespass on Tristan's lands. But then, none of them were doing what they were supposed to now. Her book had a mind of its own and she wondered at it. Whatever power had enabled Tristan to crossover had brought the other characters to life as well.
Finally, they were packing the car Friday morning to leave. She took one last look at her bare apartment, sad that she had never felt it was home and locked up. She dropped the keys at the office and put in a forward to Tawas with her mail.
Before they got on the road, she heard from Maggie. Tristan was walking Daisy across the street. She was anxious to find out what her friend learned.
"Reggie can get the birth certificate, but he said it's gonna cost three grand, Selene," her friend said sourly. "I tried to get you a deal but he said because it's a foreign birth certificate, it's gonna cost more."
"No, that's fine. I'll leave the money with you before I go. He needs it. How soon can he get it?"
"Reggie said he can have it by the end of next week."
"Alright, you can just mail it to me at my folks house. You got the address," Selene replied, relieved.
"Selene, who is this guy? You’re going to an awful lot of trouble to help him," Maggie asked and sounded surprised.
"He's very special to me, Maggie," was all Selene said her eyes glued to the tall, golden god who walked back to the car with her dog.
"When do we get to meet this guy?"
"I don't know how long we will be at my parent's place, but how about you and Darcy and the kids come up to the cottage for the Fourth of July?" Selene suggested.
"This guy must be special if you’re taking him home with you."
"Yes, he is very important to me. Maggie, don't tell anyone about him. I haven't even told Darcy about him yet."
"No problem, consider I don't know anything, but what about Coach Gifford, Selene?" she asked. "He's awfully sweet on you. Why don't you at least cut the guy loose?"
"Axel and I are just friends, Maggie. I told you that. I can't help it if Axel reads more here than there is."
"Selene, you liked him until English came into the picture. What gives?" Maggie demanded. "You take off with a guy you barely know and take months off of work, and expect me not to worry? This isn't like you, Selene. This is something I would do, but not you."
"I know I'm not acting myself, Maggie," she said quietly and walked away from the car to finish the conversation. "Just trust me. I know what I'm doing."
"Alright, leave the check in my mailbox along with the guy’s name and information and I'll get the guy's papers. I'll mail it to you as soon as Reggie has it."
"Thank you, Maggie. I owe you one."
"No, this is payback, Selene. You don't owe me anything. Just take care of yourself and let me know how you’re doing."
She hung up with Maggie feeling more confident about Tristan's future. The fact he had a birth certificate on the way would mean the only thing she could do was marry him in order to process him for a Green Card. 
She would wait on that. Asking a guy to get married wasn’t something she was comfortable with. Tristan had to realize unless they got married he had no means of getting legalized here.
Selene was quiet during the trip to Grosse Pointe. She had grown up in the affluent district all her life. She watched Tristan out of the corner of her eye as she turned down familiar roads that took her to her family's home.
When she finally turned down a private drive and the house finally came into view, she saw his eyes widen. The sight of the sprawling estate never failed to generate a whistle when she brought friends here in the past. 
The thirty-eight room house was modest by medieval standards, but she could see Tristan's odd reaction.  He looked at her in surprise. She cringed slightly at his look. Her parent's estate must have told him she came from money. Jim had always tried to impress her father, probably him thinking that one day all of this would be theirs.
"You’re an heiress?" He asked stiffly, his blue eyes accusing.
"Not like you think. Yes, my parents are wealthy but I live on my own, Tristan. I don't live off of them," she explained defensively.
"You might have told me you had wealth, Selene," he accused sourly. "I worried about money and you have all of this? How you must have laughed at me in the grocery store."
"Tristan, their money is their own! They don’t support me! That is my choice," she argued defensively. "I wanted to have my own life, my own money."
"But you have all of this," he gestured with his hand in confusion. "Why would you want to live in your little place when you have all of this?"
"Because that's not how I roll, pal!" Selene snapped angrily and counted to ten. "Some people might live off of their family, but not this girl. I shouldn’t have to explain myself to you, Tristan."
"No, it is just a surprise," he allowed and shook his head. "I do not understand this independence of yours, Selene. It is new to me."
"Trust me, I could be living high on the hog if I wanted to, and sit at the country club every night, but I wanted something of my own," she explained. "Jim said the same thing. I think he expected my father to give him the money to start his practice years ago, and that is why he pushed the marriage. All my life I have had to wonder whether people were in my life because they wanted to be, or because of all this. Don't you start getting crazy on me!"
"I’m just finding more to admire about you every day, Selene," he replied and brought her hand to his lips. "I’m proud of you wanting to be your own woman. It is admirable, even for this century."
"Yes, well, I don't see me sitting in a country club for the rest of my life, Tristan. That's why I left here for Grand Blanc. There. I'm just Selene Weston, schoolteacher. Here I’m Bryce Campbell's daughter."
He measured her words, seeming pleased with her meaning. His blue eyes filled with warmth as he looked at her. "I’m proud of the life you have made."
Selene reviled in Tristan's glowing stare, knowing it was a lot for him to admit, coming from the twelfth century. His chauvinism aside his instincts as a gentleman recoiled daily to see her performing tasks in his opinion were reserved for servants.
Selene pulled into a circular driveway and drove down into the garage, a massive building that housed six cars. She used the clicker above her visor to open the garage. Tristan looked impressed as she pulled inside.
She got out and popped the trunk to get their things. It was then her father joined them in the garage. Seeing how her father had aged the last eight months since she had last seen him made her tense. 
Bryce Campbell was of medium build, had iron-grey hair and a questioning look in his eyes as he saw her companion. Selene introduced Tristan and was pleased her dad seemed impressed with his firm handshake and unwavering gaze.
"Your mom is having a bad day today, Selene," he explained and looked haggard. "She waited as long as she could, but I finally had to get her pain medication for her."
Selene looked upset to know her mother had refused it in wait for her daughter, feeling guilty to know how long she stayed away. She nodded and Tristan got their bags, following her and her dad through the garage into the house. Tristan's jaw dropped along the way, seeing the wealth of her family.
Selene led him up the stairs and he looked about her former room in interest when they entered. Everything she had amassed in her childhood was still there. He picked up picture frames of her with her friends, cheerleading photos, swim team, and seemed impressed. He chuckled to see her bed covered with stuffed animals. Daisy whined when he picked up a stuffed bear, already staking her claim to the stuffed toys on the bed.
"Tristan, I'm going to see about lunch and talk to my dad," she said softly. "I'll be back in a few minutes."
"I’m fine, Selene. I’ll take the dog for a walk. Go spend time with your father."
Selene was grateful she did not have to hold Tristan's hand right now. Seeing her father's bleak expression reminded her of how little time Jessica Campbell had left.
She found her dad in the huge TV room sitting in his leather Lazy Boy. He had a basketball game on the flat screen she bought him for his last birthday. He looked up when she approached, a sadness appearing in his eyes she had never seen before.
Selene sat in the matching chair next to his and sighed. "She's going fast, isn't she?"
Bryce reached out and patted her shoulder. "It's a blessing, Selene. She wanted to be at home. You know your mother."
"What are you going to do, dad?" Tears brightened her eyes.
Bryce sighed and flipped off the television. "Selene, we have to talk. Your mother and I have planned for this. It's time you knew of our plans. When Jessica passes, I'm leaving on a long trip."
Selene's head snapped up. "You’re going to China?"
Bryce nodded and smiled. "Yeah, she wants me to keep our plans that we made. She asked me to distribute her ashes along the Great Wall, Selene. I plan on being gone for a good while. This is the trip we planned years ago. She won't hear of me not going."
Knowing her dad would leave made her feel worse. "How long does she have?"
Bryce shrugged and looked ashen. "Not long, that's why I told you to come. Everything has already been arranged. You know your mother. She didn’t want a funeral. She wanted to be cremated and she wants me to go on this trip."
"How long do you plan on being gone, dad?"
Bryce didn’t answer her. Selene felt dread in the pit of her stomach. Her father hadn't been a well man himself. He was seventy-three years old, twenty years older than his wife. Her mother's cancer had taken them all by surprise. None of them thought she would go first. Selene could see her father struggled to answer her.
"Selene, this man you brought with you," he began. "Tell me about him."
Selene wiped her tears and went with the story they decided on. Tristan was an illegal alien from England trying to get legalized to stay. She was helping him with the process. Her father raised an eyebrow at her story and chuckled.
"Selene, I see the way you look at one another. This is more than you just doing a good deed. Besides, you didn’t introduce us to Jim until six months before your wedding. You care for him, don't you?"
"Is it so obvious?"
"Only to me. I'm your dad," Bryce said dryly and sat back in his chair, a thoughtful expression on his face. "He seems like a good man from what I can see. I just want you to be happy. Are you happy, Selene?"
"I don't think a lifetime would be enough with him, dad," she admitted and folded her hands in her lap. "I'm going to warn you we might have to get married so Tristan can stay. Do not be surprised if that happens right away."
Bryce smiled and shook his head. "It took you three years to accept Jim's proposal and three days to decide this guy is the one. Now I know this is serious. You have my blessing and I can speak for your mother too. We only want you to be happy. I knew Jim wasn’t right for you."
"I meant to tell you about the divorce, dad," she said and looked away from his knowing expression. "I didn’t want to be reminded of what you predicted ten years ago when I insisted on going ahead with it."
"Selene, I know you think I sit back and wait for you to make mistakes so I can rub it in your face, but that's not what parents do," he replied and shook his head. "I'll tell ya, the first time I met Jim, he tried selling me on his future law practice, not on his feelings for my only child. You’re better off without him, honey."
Selene agreed and left him to go up and check on her mother. Jessica Campbell was sleeping peacefully. Selene walked into her sick room, startled to see all the medical equipment there. It looked like a hospital room. Tubes and wires were running from her mother. 
Jessica lay among the pillows, looking pale and skeletal despite her father's efforts to keep her alive. Her hair was sparse, having never quite grown back after her last chemotherapy session. Selene was visibly shaken by her mother's appearance and backed out of the room, unwilling to disturb her.
She returned to her room and watched Tristan in the window playing with Daisy on the rolling lawn behind the house. Her heart caught in her throat to see him running, with Daisy on his heels. She had already made up her mind they would marry when his papers came in. She wanted Tristan with her, good, bad, or for however long. He completed her; much like her mother had her father. She finally had the relationship she had always dreamed of. 
Did it matter how he began? 
He might have been made up by her, but maybe that was what made it work between them. Either way, she couldn’t see a life without Tristan.
Jessica woke up. Selene went to sit with her mother. Tristan was in the TV room with her father, fending off the man's pointed questions on how he and his daughter met. Tristan refused to lie to him when it came down to it.
"I love your daughter, Mr. Campbell," Tristan said without blinking an eye. "You need never worry about her again. I’ll take care of her."
Bryce liked the hulking Englishman. He saw the truth in his eyes and admired the man's looking him directly in the eye and not mincing words. He wanted to find something wrong with Tristan, and was disgusted the man appeared perfect for his daughter.
"Selene has always been pretty independent. You might have trouble there. Just be there for her, Tristan. She will need someone with her when her mother passes. My leaving afterwards will make her feel alone in the world."
"I’ll be there for her, Mr. Campbell. You have my word."
Bryce knew he could count on this man's word. He felt relieved to be leaving his daughter in Tristan's capable hands when he went on his trip. He didn’t come right out and tell his daughter he would never return. He left that part unsaid. 
His doctors said his heart was failing and without his medicine, he had six months. Bryce counted upon it. He wanted to fulfill his promise to his wife before he joined her in death.
"You have my blessing then. Just let me tell you a few things about my daughter you might want to know," Bryce began fondly.
Tristan liked the older man and listened as he regaled him with anecdotes from Selene's childhood and how to appeal to his daughter. When he finished, Tristan felt he had a better understanding of Selene. He appreciated her father's words of advice. Before too long, Bryce cracked a bottle of one hundred year-old scotch.
CHAPTER TEN

Selene saw Tristan and her father had the scotch bottle half gone and decided to go visit with her mother. She helped prop her against the pillows, fretting over how frail she was. Jessica laughed at her fussing over her and ordered her to sit. Her mother's golden eyes filled with excitement as they met hers.
"Tell me about the Englishman, Selene! Enough with the pillow fluffing! The man is a walking dream. However did you two meet?" her mother demanded as she sat at her bedside.
"You wouldn't believe it if I told you," Selene replied, smiling indulgently.
"Oh, I think I believe in just about everything now, Selene. I talked to Grandma last night. She came to me in my dream. Bryce says it's just foolishness, but I believe they all wait for me. I'm not scared, honey," her mother said and her eyes looked sad. "You promise you won't let this ruin things for you? Dying is just like being born, Selene. It's not the end."
"Tristan is not what you think, Mother."
"Oh, I could see that when he came in here this morning to introduce himself. He's Old World to the tee. I saw that for myself. The manners gave him away."
Selene took that opportunity to open her laptop. She pulled up her manuscript and set it up for her mother. Jessica put on her bifocals and read, looking up only once in a while. Selene got up to look out the window, allowing her mother to read all about Tristan's adventures up until he came into her life.
An hour later, Jessica closed the laptop and looked at her daughter with a look of wonder in her eyes. "How?" 
"I don't know. He doesn't know either. We are on borrowed time. It figures I'd have to make up the right man for me."
"Selene, he seems very devoted to you," Jessica noted quietly. "Maybe you worry for nothing? He could be here permanently."
"You believe me?"
"Selene, you were never one to make up tales. If you say this man is the character in your book, I believe you.  Your father might not swallow this one, but I believe in magical things."
Selene was glad she could tell at least one person and not have them look at her like she was insane. "What do I do if he disappears tomorrow, Mother?" she asked with a catch in her voice.
"You will be thankful for today, Selene. He's here for a reason. When he suits whatever purpose that is you can't let it destroy you," her mother warned and leaned back against the pillows comfortably. "Be happy for the time you had, my dear. It goes by so fast. It seems like just yesterday I met your father and now it’s the end. Some stories don't always end the way we want them too. You’re a writer. You know that."
"He needs to go back, doesn't he?" Selene tensed at her mother's sad expression.
"Selene, do you realize how miraculous it is you found each other at all? Be happy for every minute you have. If that is all you ever have, cherish it. If you want my opinion, yes, I think he belongs in his own time, in his own story. What of this girl you created? How do you think she will feel with him gone? You gave him life but you forget about hers. She deserves her happy ending, Selene. From what I have read, more now than ever." Jessica sat back and eyed her daughter with a knowing look. "You know it is inevitable he goes back for her."
"The characters are all running amok now, Mother. They are not all frozen in the story. They are all acting upon free will like Tristan."
"Then it is imperative he go back, Selene," Jessica resolved sadly. "I know you love him, but he can't stay here and you can't go there."
Selene nodded and looked away. "At the end of the summer I’ll figure out what to do."
"Selene, let him go. You have to finish his story."
She felt tears in her eyes as she looked at her mother. "What if I never feel this way again in my life, Mom? What if this is it?"
"Than you had more than most, Selene. You have to let him go or this will destroy you both," her mother warned. "He has a woman who waits for him in his world, Selene. She will love him as much as you. Have no fear of that. He will live forever in your novel."
Jessica slept then. Selene sat with her, feeling a sense of sorrow to know her mother was right. As much as Tristan had become a part of her, he had his own story to live. He deserved his immortality. Tears came and went and she became resolved to find a way to finish her book, for everyone's sake.
~ ~ ~
Jessica Campbell died a week later with her husband and daughter at her bedside. Selene and her father were dry eyed as she slipped away peacefully. Selene retired to her room as her dad handled all the phone calls and arrangements. Tristan sat with her, holding her hand, a rock of strength during the whole difficult week.
"Do you believe death is the end, Tristan?" she asked as they lay in bed together that night. He rolled to his side and considered her words.
"I believe in more than I ever thought possible, Selene." He stroked her cheek tenderly. "You have made that all a reality."
"Tristan, I have done a lot of thinking." Her eyes filled with tears. "You need to go back to your story. As much as I love having you in my life, this is not what you were meant for. You know it as well as I do."
He appeared angry. He raked a frustrated hand through his golden locks, his blue eyes angry as they met hers. "You cannot make that decision for me anymore, Selene! It is you I want! This is the life I want!"
"She went looking for you, Tristan. I saw her there in your room and the look on her face when she found you gone," Selene informed him softly. "Now she runs for Raven's Keep with Stephen chasing her. All the characters are acting upon their own will now."
Tristan looked shocked to say the least. "That's not possible!"
"Everything is possible! You’re here! But while you’re here, everything is falling apart for everyone you left behind. Tristan. I know you don’t believe this, but I believe she can and has forgiven you already. Why else would she seek you out when she realized Lord de Vigny turned upon you?" Selene grabbed his shoulder, turning him towards her, her eyes filled with urgency. "Can you live with yourself knowing you left them all to their fates? If I don’t finish the book, this story plays out as it will."
Tristan considered her words and looked away. "I do not want to leave you, Selene."
"I don’t want you to stay if it means they will all suffer for my happiness," she cried and shook her head. "We can’t be so selfish, Tristan!"
Tristan released a weary breath and turned, his eyes filled with sadness. "I’ll stay with you at the cottage and then I’ll go, Selene."
"How do you go back?"
"It is the ring, Selene. The ring has power. I used it to open the doorway between our worlds to escape mine. I can go back just by wishing it."
"Why did you let me believe I controlled your coming and going?" came her outraged question.
"Selene, I was afraid you would not let me stay and I was right," he replied coldly and shook his head. "You do not believe in us!"
"Tristan, I love you, but I cannot keep you from where you’re meant to be anymore!" Selene said hotly and glared at him. "She waits for you! I saw her face, Tristan! I think you made more of an impression upon her than you thought!"
"Bah! She hates me! Why would she care if I’m gone?" 
"You must go back and find out and have faith in whatever you’re dealt," Selene said softly. "I swear to you your story ends happily."
"What of our story, Selene?" he asked in a voice laced with sorrow. "How can you ask me to go back?"
"Because I love you, that’s why!" she said fiercely. "I didn’t create you to keep you to myself, Tristan. I made you so that every reader would love you as I do when they read my book one day."
"I do not want them! I want you, Selene! Why do you do this?" He asked in a tormented voice.
"Rhiannon waits for you at Raven's Keep, Tristan.  At summer's end you will seek her there."
Tristan didn’t answer her right away. He looked at her with pain in his gaze finally. "How can you ask me to do this, Selene, after all that we have shared?"
"Tristan, we had more than we are allowed. Don't you see that? The ring might have given you to me for now, but it isn’t forever. We knew that."
"Let us not speak of it until summer's end.  I hope to change your mind, Selene."
"My mind won’t change, Tristan. Your story has yet to begin. Ours must end when we leave the cottage."
He lay back down and rolled to his side, away from her. She stared at his broad back, his agitation palpable. She knew she hurt him by making him go back, but after her mother's death Selene realized she was right. Tristan didn’t belong in her world, even if he tried like the very devil to get by. Every step he made was painful and awkward. It told her how much he loved her, but he belonged back in the tale he was born into.
Selene woke the next morning. Her and Tristan had breakfast with her father. Bryce had already handled everything with the funeral home. He picked his wife's ashes up the following week and flew to China that same weekend. He bristled with excitement to be off. Selene could see her father wouldn’t rest until he fulfilled his wife's dying wish.
Leaving was hard for Selene, sensing she might never see her father again. Selene cried into his chest for a long time before they got on the road to go to the cottage. Bryce looked to Tristan for help and appeared relieved when Tristan enfolded Selene in his arms as her father went into the house to pack for his trip. She looked up at him through a haze of tears.
"I'm so glad you’re here, Tristan. I don't think I could do this alone."
Tristan wiped away her tears with the back of his hand and kissed her forehead. Silently he prayed she changed her mind, vowing he would use the next few months to wear her down, make her see their story was more important than the one he left.
Selene was exhausted by the time they reached the cottage. She opened the door of the house on the lake. She saw Tristan's delighted expression as he followed Daisy to the huge glass windows that ran the length of the back of the house. The view of the lake was breathtaking and the setting sun made it even more so. He opened the sliding glass doors and they watched Daisy run across the deck and down to the beach. Tristan followed her.
Selene watched him with an aching heart as he tossed stones across the water and her dog bounded into the water, frolicking and shaking off on him, sending him running for cover. As long as she lived she would never forget the peace of being here with Tristan now.
She unpacked the car and set up the computer in her father's office. She saw that Tristan's window was now shut and heard nothing coming from his room. She turned up the volume and covered the screen with a dark towel.
They had stopped for a few groceries before she could go into town the next day. She went to the kitchen to put the bags away. She pulled out the papers she received from Maggie out of her purse. Her hand shook as she looked at Tristan's birth certificate. The name on the papers was Samuel Forest. Her heart clenched to know how easy it would be to go ahead with her plan to marry Tristan and apply for his Green Card. The temptation to keep him was profound.
She wouldn't show him these or share with him what her heart had pushed her to decide in a desperate bid to keep him with her. It would only encourage him to stay. He refused to discuss it and she left it alone.
She cooked a simple meal of pork chops and fried potatoes. When he came inside with Daisy, she ran and retrieved a towel to wipe down the dog. His eyes met hers. The blue eyes were filled with wonder.
"It is as beautiful here as you said, Selene." He reached out to lift her chin, brushing a kiss across her lips. "Thank you for bringing me here."
"Come, it's time to eat," she said and smiled as he rushed past her into the kitchen. "Maybe we can take the pontoon boat out later."
Tristan looked ecstatic at that. He ate quickly and she went to unpack their bags. The largest bedroom was on the ground floor of the five-bedroom beach house. There were three bathrooms, a living room, a wreck room, and an office, as well as the kitchen and laundry room. Her parents had updated the cottage over the years. It was quite luxurious and modern now. After she washed the dishes and wiped off her hands, she put on a light jacket and went down to the boathouse where the pontoon was stored. The keys hung in the kitchen on a ring. Her dad said it was gassed up and ready to go. She used the winch to lower the boat to the water. When it was lowered to the water, she opened the doors to the pool house from the dock, and pulled the boat out. She tied it off to the dock and retreated back into the house to get some drinks for the boat. She was putting beer in a cooler with ice when Tristan arrived, looking excited about going out on the lake. Grabbing the keys to the boat, she went outside. Tristan carried the cooler and Daisy followed them.
Selene drove out to the middle of the lake and glanced over at Tristan who looked intoxicated by the experience.
"Do you want to drive the boat?"
She didn’t have to ask him twice. Tristan was quite determined to learn. Soon he was putting across the lake at a reasonable speed, a smile of contentment on his face. Selene stood at his back, the wind in her hair, enjoying the afternoon.
When Tristan drove the boat back into the launch, she cheered. Daisy barked excitedly.
"That was quite exhilarating, Selene."
"You did great! The first time I drove it, I hit another boat. You should have heard my dad yelling. You could hear him on the other side of the lake," she said and chuckled at the memory.
Tristan's eyes darkened at her words. "Selene, he will be back. I know what he said but he will come home. You need not worry for him."
"My dad is lost without her. I know he thinks he can will himself to die too," she said in frustration. "It doesn't work that way."
"Now you know how I feel to go back to your book and live without you, Selene," he said and sorrow filled his eyes. "It will be the hardest thing I do to step through that portal alone."
"I thought we weren't going to talk about this now."
"I’ll not give up trying to get you to change your mind," he countered grimly. "Somehow we were able to be together. How can in not be meant to be?"
"Tristan, I refuse to spoil our time together by speaking of this now," Selene said quietly and bent to grab the cooler. "Come on, let's go inside. I want to get showered and get to bed early. I want to get started on your reading tomorrow and maybe start another book."
"Why do I bother with this if you will not let me stay?" he snapped stubbornly.
"Lord de Montfort must know how to read, Tristan. The work we do here will not go to waste."
Tristan glared at her and stomped off the pontoon, leaving her by herself on the dock. She felt tears fill her eyes at his attitude. He wasn’t making it easy for her. She saw him standing out on the beach alone and wanted to go to him. Daisy stayed at his side. She refused to steal her happiness from another, thinking of Rhiannon's dismal fate should Tristan not return to her.
She went into the house and into the master bedroom. After she showered, she called Darcy. Her friend was saddened to hear of her mother's passing and promised to let the other teacher's know. Selene told her she wanted no collection taken for flowers. Jessica Campbell had no fuss at her passing. She asked her to donate the proceeds to cancer research.
"Axel has been asking me about you every day, Selene," she told her. "He really cares about you."
"I can't think about Axel right now, Darcy."
"I know, honey. I told him you were going through a rough time. You know how guys are. They think they can fix it."
"This I have to do on my own," Selene added tightly.
"Who is the Englishman, Selene? Maggie said you met someone."
Selene sighed and wondered what to tell her. "I met someone, but he can't stay in this country. He has to go back. He is staying at the cottage with me for the summer and then he's going back to England."
"I'm so sorry, Selene. Do we get to meet him when we come up for the Fourth?"
"Yeah, he'll be here," she told her softly. "I need you to do me a favor if you have time. I need a realtor to start looking for a house for me. You know what I like, Darcy. Your neighborhood is nice. I need to find a place. Maggie said I can stay with her when I get back but I need my own place."
"Sure, I'll hook you up," she promised. "I told the kids we’re coming up the week of the Fourth like last summer and they are tickled. I can't believe it's already May. School is out in a month and a half."
"Yeah, I know. Summer will be over before you know it," Selene said and felt her heart clench.
"Selene, enjoy your time with him," she encouraged. "I told Maggie this had to be love at first sight. It's so unlike you. She thinks you’re crazy to run off with a virtual stranger, but I understand."
"How are you and Sal?" Selene wanted to change the subject.
"He just met the kids," she disclosed and giggled. "I broke it off with Ted. He didn’t handle it well. I think he went off his diet. He wasn’t at the Weight Watcher’s meeting this week."
"That's great, Darcy. I'm happy for you."
"Sal is a good guy, Selene. I know he looks like Lynyrd Skynrd, but he cares about me and my kids. He wants to be there for us."
"Than that's all that matters. I'm hardly one to judge. I ran off with an Englishman!" She joked but her eyes filled with tears despite her light words.
"See you on the Fourth. Keep in touch," her friend said and they hung up.
Selene went to the windows overlooking the beach and saw Tristan was still brooding outside. She refused to give into him. He had to realize they had no future. What they had was now, a moment in time, but it couldn’t continue. 
She went into the office and peeked under the towel. She saw the room was occupied. Rhiannon was alone, looking out the window forlornly.
"Where are you, Tristan?" Rhiannon whispered and her face looked stark with misery. "What have I done? You’re gone and the fault is mine for treating you thusly."
Selene put the towel back down and couldn’t resist. "You have to continue on to Raven's Keep, Rhiannon. Tristan will be there soon."
The girl jumped at the voice, her violet eyes fearful. "Who is it who speaks to me from the sky?"
"It is your Fairy Godmother," Selene announced with a grimace. "He is away, but he will return. You must go to Raven's Keep and wait. You must also quit being a twit and act like you care for him. He thinks you hate him."
Rhiannon looked horrified and backed away from the window, her pretty face paling. "Fairy Godmother? What sorcery is this?"
Good grief! Not again! 
"You must listen to me! In order for things to work, you have to quit treating him like you hate him! He had no choice doing what he did. Had he left you at Severn, your father would have given you to Stephen de Montfort. Is that what you want?"
"No, the man makes my skin crawl," Rhiannon replied and looked sick at the words she heard coming from the sky. "Do not excuse him, Fairy Godmother! He has been mean and without honor! "
"He is the most honorable man you will ever know, Rhiannon! You have to give him a chance!" Selene expressed in annoyance.
The girl appeared to think on her words. "Lord de Vigny has locked me in here and I have no way out! He is in league with Stephen. Our stay here was a trap! Tristan abandoned me to my fate! How can you excuse his leaving me here?"
"I’ll help you escape," Selene replied and saw the girl's interest perk up at her words. "You must do as I say. Do you hear?"
"Yes, Fairy Godmother, I hear you!" Rhiannon cried her pretty face flushed with excitement. "But how will I escape? De Vigny has guards at the door and he has imprisoned Tristan's men."
"Let me worry about that. You just be ready to go," Selene said as she pulled up the Word program and opened the file. "I’m giving you enough rope to get down from that window. When you’re out of the castle you must sneak to the dungeons and get to Gideon. He will do the rest. Are you ready?"
"Yes, Fairy Godmother. I don't know how to give my thanks to you," the girl gushed.
Selene rolled her eyes and typed in the items Rhiannon would need to make good her escape. "Do everything as I said. Are you ready?"
"Yes Fairy Godmother, I'm ready," she said and then she paused. "How is Tristan? Where is he? We quarreled the last time we spoke. I fear I was quite cruel to him."
"He had matters he needed to take care of beyond this castle," Selene told her and rolled her eyes. "I’m acting on his will. It is he who sends me."
Rhiannon's features softened to think Tristan had sent divine intervention to save her in the form of a Fairy Godmother. Selene muttered under her breath and typed in the necessary tools for Rhiannon's escape. She saved the document and when she went back to the screensaver, Rhiannon was tying the rope to the bed rail.
"Tell Tristan that I’m sorrowful of how we have begun," Rhiannon began softly and looked aggrieved. "I’m better off with him but I did not see it."
"He knows. Now quickly, you must go," Selene said with urgency. "Tell Gideon those are Tristan's orders. Get to Raven's Keep and assemble the men for Stephen's advance. He will be there by summer's end."
Rhiannon changed into the boy’s clothing Selene provided her and tied up her hair and shoved a cap over her head, covering her bright hair. Selene watched the girl shimmy outside the window. She lowered herself down the castle wall. She was impressed the girl had the pluck to do it. Thinking of her options made her grimace. If given a choice to tumble to the rocks below or marry Tristan's uncle, she could only imagine what the girl would choose.
Rhiannon must have made it to the ground. Selene sighed and sat back in her chair. It was the least she could do to help things along now. Pain filled her gaze to know Tristan had given up on his heroine too soon. It appeared the girl did indeed care for him.
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Laura Benson called to inform her the court date was moved up. Selene hung up and looked out on the beach where Tristan played with Daisy. The last week had been heavenly. The days were spent in leisure, the nights with unequalled passion. To think of him leaving hurt worse than the errand that took her back to Grand Blanc that week.
Her court date was at noon on Thursday. Tristan would no doubt wish to accompany her. She debated leaving him at the cottage, but she had to meet with a realtor too. Darcy found her someone and the woman was ambitious in her quest to find her a new home.
In one week it would be Memorial weekend. The beach community would be bursting with visitors from down state. She had seen all the preparations being made in town for the holiday. A pang of sadness assailed her, thinking of how she had spent every holiday here with her parents. Her dad sent her an email from China. He was there, seeing the sights and leaving a trail of her mother's ashes from one end of the Great Wall to the other. Selene thought of her parent's love for one another and sighed. As much as she wished for that it was to be denied her. Tristan had a life to live in her novel.
Speaking of which, she had been helping him out by laying the foundation for his return. Rhiannon now longed for him in a way he would be pleased to know about. Her heart hurt to think of the two of them living happily ever after but it was long overdue.
Golden eyes clung to his image as he ran in cut-off jean shorts down the beach, Daisy at his side. He had more than reminded her of what was missing in her life this last month. She swallowed hard to avoid what else she knew to be true.
As incomprehensible as it seemed, she was late. She bought a pregnancy test at the pharmacy the day before. It was positive. The thought of having the baby alone didn’t upset her as she thought it would. It was a comfort to know she would have a piece of Tristan when he was gone and that all of this had been real.
She couldn’t tell him about the baby or he would refuse to go back. The ring would be removed from her story so he could never return. Selene knew it was necessary to close that doorway between her imaginary world and this one. To leave it in the story was a great risk should the ring fall into another's hands. Tristan agreed with her on that much.
They fought over the matter of his leaving. He was stubborn and determined to convince her that his staying was possible. She wanted to believe him, but a part of her knew better. 
No, Tristan belonged in the world she had created. It suffered in his absence. Gideon was holding his forces for him at Raven's Keep.
Stephen had arrived at de Vigny's lands to find Rhiannon gone. He withdrew to gather his own forces. The siege upon Raven's Keep was planned the second week of August. Tristan would have to go back.
~ ~ ~
The ride back to Grand Blanc was a quiet one. Tristan was moody and conversation was limited. They arrived at the courthouse downtown twenty minutes early. Laura waited for them in the hallway outside the courtroom.
Her attorney's eyes widened to see Tristan at her side, her expression pleased and a bit envious as she saw the huge, handsome Englishman who stood with her.
"It's good to see you, Selene," she said warmly but her eyes were glued to Tristan. "Who is your friend?"
"Laura Benson, this is Tristan de Montfort, a friend." She introduced the pair. She smiled as Tristan kissed Ms. Benson's hand, charming the woman right to the tips of her Minola pumps.
Her attorney acted like a teenager and giggled. Selene smiled as Tristan worked his magic on the woman. She saw Jim and Ginny arrive and stiffened. Ginny wore a chic black suit and sent her a triumphant look, her hand possessive on Jim's elbow as they stepped off the elevator.
Jim didn’t look happy at all. Her husband's hazel eyes took in the sight of her with Tristan and seemed angry. Selene should have found some victory in his obvious regret to push for this, but right now she wanted her freedom. Russell Wentz stepped out of the courtroom and waved to her before he took Jim aside.
"Is that the weakling you were married to and his strumpet?" Tristan asked disdainfully as he checked out Jim and Ginny.
Selene chuckled at his words. "Yes, that would be them. Be nice, let's just get through this thing and we can go to lunch."
"He does not look like a man I would picture you with, Selene."
"Big wonder were here today," Selene joked lightly and frowned up at him. "I was a different person when I married him, Tristan."
She knew it didn’t bode well when Jim approached her, leaving Ginny standing with a pouting look. He looked up at Tristan and back to his soon-to-be former wife. His hazel eyes were filled with regret.
 "Selene, can we talk?" he asked her quietly, keeping a careful eye upon Tristan.
Selene saw Tristan stiffen with displeasure but she saw no reason to deny Jim. "Sure, we can talk. Tristan, I'll be right back.” 
There were benches in the hallway around the corner. She stopped at one and sat down, looking up at Jim expectantly.
"What is it?" She asked impatiently, not wanting to leave Tristan alone for long.
"I'm sorry about your mother, Selene." They spoke for several minutes about that. "Who's the Neanderthal?"
"I'm not going to discuss that with you, Jim. What is it you wanted to talk about?"
Jim cleared his throat and looked uncomfortable, his expression filled with regret. "I thought this was what I wanted, Selene. I got up this morning and began to think about our life together. Are you sure this is what you want?"
Selene stared up at Jim in amazement. "What I want? Jim, you’re the one who filed! You moved me out of my home and let your girlfriend move in. I think this whole decision was yours."
"Selene, I realize I've been an idiot," he began as she made a disgusted noise. "No wait! I know how this sounds but I’ve had a change of heart. I spoke to Russell to delay this hearing. Let's wait and see if we can get through this."
"What about Ginny? Does she know about this change of heart?" Selene eyed him in disgust.
Jim rolled his eyes. "She was too busy finding just the right power suit to wear today. She doesn't matter, Selene. I realized that. I don't know how I could have thrown our life together away on her. I was going through something I didn’t understand."
"It's too late, Jim." Selene wanted nothing more than to return to Tristan's side. "You pushed this and you got what you wanted. Now you change your mind and everything is just supposed to go back the way it was? It doesn't work that way! I don't work that way!"
"Selene, please! Let's just walk out of here and forget about this," he said and Selene was struck by his arrogance thinking it was just that easy. He didn’t consider the two people that waited for them around the corner at all. Again, he thought only of himself.
"Jim, I wanted to hear those words for six months, hoping you would come to your senses. Now, I think this is the best thing that could have happened to both of us. We want different things. We always did. I wanted kids. You got me a dog. I wanted to write, you got me a subscription to a book club. Don't you see? We aren't right for one another. We never were. No, I’m going ahead with the divorce. I'm glad to see you realize what Ginny is all about, but it's too late for us." Selene folded her hands in her lap and looked resolved.
Jim looked miserable and sat beside her on the bench. "Selene, I can change. I have learned so much about myself these last months. I think if you come home, we should try for kids. Isn't that what you wanted?"
Selene looked at her husband in amazement. He just didn’t get it at all. She stood and looked at him with a sympathetic look. "Jim, it's over. Believe it or not I think there is someone out there for both of us but we aren't right together."
She left him sitting there and returned to Tristan's side. He looked like he wanted to beat Jim within an inch of his life as he came around the corner and went to stand with his girlfriend. Ginny looked furious when he returned to her.
"What did the weakling want? “Tristan demanded as he looked down at her, his dark blue eyes filled with possessive jealousy.
"He just wanted to tell me how bad he felt about my mother." Selene decided it wouldn't be a good idea to share Jim's desire to reconcile with her lover.
Tristan said nothing to that, sending Jim a hard look that sent her husband and his girlfriend to wait inside the courtroom.  He looked down at her with an inscrutable expression.
"Let us get through this, Selene. The longer we stay here the more I wish to thrash the man for hurting you."
Selene nodded and they joined her attorney in the courtroom. They didn’t have long to wait. She and Jim reaffirmed their desire to dissolve their marriage. Her husband looked aggrieved as he sent her a long look during the proceeding. She ignored him. The judge rapped the gavel and it was done. Laura gave her papers to sign and they left the courtroom.
Tristan sat in the car reading. He gobbled up everything he could find at the beach house. She had to make two trips to the library in town to satisfy him. She was satisfied he now read at least at a tenth grade level. He seemed eager to gain more knowledge as he went. She was pleased she could send him back to his world with the tools to go nose to nose with any of the nobles who he would come across. His desire to know the history of England was intense and unrelenting, giving him much knowledge that would guide his future decisions.
They didn’t speak on the way to the realtor's office. He sat in the realtor's office with her while she outlined what she wanted in a house. Tess Hargrove beamed at her, looking delighted to make a sale. She had the very property she described available. They left the office to go look at it and she could tell Tristan was disturbed.
"What is it? You have been quiet all day." They followed the realtor's smart little coupe through the gates of King's Pointe, an upscale gated community.
Blue eyes regarded her intensely. "Why do you wish to buy this house when you have the house that is your father's? What need do you have for it?"
Selene regarded him patiently. "Tristan, I know this is hard for you to understand, but I have a life here in Grand Blanc. I have friends and a job. Whatever happens, I don't plan to leave here. My dad left the estate to a foundation when he passes anyway. It's too big for me to consider living there anyway. He left me the beach house. Why do you ask?"
"In my world such an inheritance would be desirable. I inherited Raven's Keep through my mother's father. It is a huge fortress and has been in our family for centuries. I do not understand you, Selene."
"I have all I need here, Tristan," she said quietly as they pulled up to the two-story house on Queen's Way. "I never considered what my father would leave me when he is gone. I know I inherit quite a bit of money, but it is my hope I have my father around for many more years."
They got out of the car. Selene was immediately drawn to the house. It was a two-story Cape Cod style, beige with burgundy shutters. It boasted four spacious bedrooms, three bathrooms, a huge three-car garage, and a fenced backyard for Daisy. 
They followed Tess inside. Selene was pleased to see the repossessed house was in good condition. The foyer was gleaming parquet and the carpeting was in good shape. Tess showed them around. Selene had to admit it was more house than what she needed, but when Tess showed her the office she was sold. 
The minute she stepped into the room she could see herself writing here or grading papers. It was priced to sell at eighty-thousand, a fraction of what it was once worth. The appliances were gone but she reasoned she could afford to replace them.
Tristan was out back checking out the deck and yard. Tess stood at the granite counters at the island that separated the huge kitchen from the dining area. She had the house papers with her and pointed out the oak cabinets and the laundry room attached.
"This house won't sit for long," Tess was saying. "I have two more appointments this week to see it. Everyone is moving out of Flint now.  The housing crash makes a neighborhood like this doable for many lower income families. Do you and your husband have children yet?"
The question took Selene off guard. She didn’t mention the baby she had on board, or that Tristan wasn’t her husband. 
"No. Not yet." She watched Tristan peer over the fence in the backyard. "We wanted to wait a while."
"I don't want to seem pushy, but this house is a great deal, Selene," she remarked as she went through the paperwork. "You won't lose out here. Even if you were to resell, you would make a killing on it."
"I want it." The realtor beamed and started the paperwork for a purchase agreement. "Will I be able to take possession by the first week of August?"
"I don't see why not. This is a cash sale."
Selene wandered away to inspect her new home. She was looking inside the massive walk-in closet in the master bedroom when Tristan arrived. He had a naughty gleam in his eye as he pushed her inside the closet and shut the door.
"Tristan! Not here!" She argued as he jerked her up against his hard chest, her excitement obvious as he lifted her against the wall of the closet, his lips seeking her neck. "We can't! Tess is just downstairs!"
"She is on her phone in the driveway." He kissed her neck. "I told her we needed to discuss matters. She said to take all the time we need."
Selene sighed as he pulled up her navy skirt, his fingers easing down her nylons and pulling down her panties. She gasped as he balanced her against the wall and undid his jeans. She sighed in delight as he took her quickly against the wall of the closet, biting her lip to keep from sobbing aloud as he brought her to a shattering orgasm, his face buried in her neck, his breathing ragged.
"We discussed matters to my satisfaction," he whispered and she giggled as she slid down his hard body and struggled to stand on her wobbly legs to pull up her panties and nylons. Her shoe was lying nearby, one on and one off.
"I like how you discuss things, but we have to go," she said and smiled up at him. "I bought the house. We can go back to Tawas now."
Tristan smiled as he fastened his pants. "I knew you would buy it when you saw the writing room downstairs. It is perfect for you."
Selene was touched he had also seen that. "I felt it the minute I walked inside that it was perfect for me. It's bigger than I wanted, but overall, it's exactly what I need."
Tristan looked at her with such an intensely satisfied expression, he took her breath away. Their lovemaking was getting even more pleasurable. Selene could hardly keep her hands off of him, and hated the two and a half hour ride home until she got him alone again.
Tess waited for them in the kitchen. Selene avoided her gaze as she eyed them speculatively when they rejoined her.
"Alright, Selene, I'll get back with you on a closing date," she said and her amused gaze seemed to know what they were doing upstairs and approved. "I'll just lock up behind us."
Selene got into the car and glared at Tristan's obvious smirk. "She knew what we were doing!"
"You bought the house, Selene. It is yours." Tristan's hand found hers, his eyes filled with amusement. "It is only fitting you make yourself at home."
"What a way to make myself at home."
"Think of how wonderful it could be for us, Selene. If you would relent and allow me to stay," he reminded her as he brought her hand to his lips, nipping at her fingers.
Selene drove back to the interstate and thought of what he said. It was that easy in Tristan's mind. In hers, she was at war with the knowledge his staying deprived the innocent Rhiannon of her happy ending. She would be at the mercy of Tristan's uncle or whoever took Raven's Keep in his absence. She couldn’t be so selfish.
They stopped along the way to eat. She watched Tristan eating his burger and thought he had come very far this last month. He accepted everything in her time without surprise anymore. She taught him how to use a telephone and laughed when he dialed random numbers just to talk to someone, fascinated by the gadget. He was still in awe of toilets, flushing them over and over, wondering where the water went.
Everything amazed him, and it was enjoyable seeing his delighted expression when he discovered another modern wonder. She would miss him more than she liked to think about, but wouldn't consider his staying. He did everything he could think of to change her mind.
Her cheeks flushed at the thought of how they spent their time in bed. He convinced her of his passion and his feelings for her, but everything else she refused to go back on, much to his dismay. He worked tirelessly to make her see a life for them was possible. The life within her reminded her she had to send him home.
They got back to the beach house around four in the afternoon. Tristan took Daisy for a walk and she went through her forwarded mail. She frowned when she found the letter from her father. His last email was two weeks old. The postmark from China indicated the letter was sent the same day. Her eyes scanned it and a tear fell from her eyes, knowing why her father had been so set on this trip. The letter informed her he didn’t plan to return. He left his heart meds behind. Bryce Campbell had gone as far as to set up everything with his attorney prior to his departure. The house was to be sold and the proceeds to go to the collegiate association. Everything in it was hers. She fought to breathe, and stiffened from the pain in her heart. Her father's wealth was considerable. She was a wealthy woman and had always known she would inherit everything when her parents passed away. The beach house was hers, he informed her in his letter. He asked she not attempt to stop him, and gave his blessing to her and Tristan. He told her he would miss her but he wished to be with her mother. 
Tears fell as she dropped the letter, sobs escaping her lips to know he would not be coming back from his trip. Without his meds, his heart would give out eventually. He had planned it from the beginning, wanting to be in China when it happened. Her parents had gone there on their honeymoon. The place held a special significance to them both.
Panic filled her and she spent the next hour trying to get through to his hotel in Beijing. Soon, she was too hysterical to speak with anyone and Tristan hung up the phone and held her, his big hand stroking her hair.
"Selene, it is what he wanted. Please, you have to calm down." Tristan stared down at her tear-streaked face in concern. "He told me what he was planning before we left. You must leave him to it."
She pulled away and looked up at him angrily. "He's a sick old man who just lost the love of his life! He isn’t thinking clearly! How could you keep this plan of his from me?"
"He knows what he wants, Selene! He expected to go before your mother. He told me life has no meaning to him now. Leave him be!"
"You had no right to keep this from me! He is committing suicide by not taking his medication and you said nothing?"
"In my world, he has lived twice as long as a normal man," Tristan said and grimaced at her pained expression. "It is not my place to question an elder of his years. He made me promise to say nothing to you."
Selene ran out of the kitchen to their room and fell across the bed, sobbing in anguish to know her father wouldn’t return from China. He made his arrangements already. There was nothing she could do. Still, the thought of being alone in the world now, and facing losing Tristan too weighed upon her. She cried herself to sleep.
It was dark when she woke. She got up and went downstairs. The clock on the mantle in the living room said it was after six in the evening. She sniffed into the air and followed the wonderful odors into the kitchen where Tristan cooked along with Rachel Ray. 
His eyes on the small TV on the counter were intense as Rachel went through the recipe. The man was attentive, and his efforts looked delicious. She smiled as she came in, sitting at the kitchen table as she watched him moving quickly at the counter to the stove.
"Did you sleep well?" He sautéed the onions and looked over at her. "Darcy called. She said, "we’re on for the Fourth" whatever that means. Axel called and said to call him back. That is the weakling you went out on a date with, is it not?"
"Axel is a nice guy, Tristan. You don't have to worry. He isn’t the guy for me if that is what you think. I don’t think twice about him since you came along."
Her words made him visibly relax. He dropped the pork chops into the pan and went back to listening to Rachel's instructions. Selene found him adorable. His initiative in cooking their dinner delighted her. He seemed pretty comfortable in the kitchen too.
Selene left him and found her dog. Daisy whined to go out and she opened the glass doors to the deck. She needed a walk on the beach to clear her mind. She knew being angry was a worthless emotion.
Her father was seventy-three years old and not in good health. His decision to go off his meds was his choice. She couldn’t force him to take the pills that regulated his heartbeat whether he was here or in China. He was giving himself up to fate, however long it took for his body to give out.
The thought of being alone in the world was not as terrifying when she thought of the child she carried. She was barely five weeks, and knew she must have conceived the first time she had sex with Tristan. She never thought about birth control. She didn’t believe he was real; much less he could get her knocked up!
Tristan's child growing inside of her made her feel better. She had always wanted a house full of kids. The thought of having this child alone didn’t scare her. Just imagining her child looking just like his father made her anxiety diminish.
She bit her lip at the deceit in keeping it from him. He would refuse to leave her. Tristan and her had the summer, and then he would go back to his world.
He called to her after a short time to let her know dinner was done. She was impressed with his glazed pork chops and baked potatoes. He preened when she praised him over and over again during the meal. When they did the dishes later, he washed and she dried. He was looking at her with an adoring expression.
"I didn’t make dessert, Selene."
"It's alright. I’m full. I have no room."
"You’re full? Let us see if you have room for more," he said as he tossed the towel on the counter and swung her into his arms.
"Tristan! Put me down! You drag me off to bed every chance you get! Can we spend one quiet night in front of the TV?" He carried her out of the kitchen and up the stairs.
Tristan grinned as he deposited her on the bed and went to close the door to the room. He turned and looked at her as he pulled off his tee shirt and his hands went to his jean shorts. Her breath became labored as she saw him slide the shorts off. Her mouth grew dry at the sight of his huge penis jutting forward.
He eased her jeans off and pulled off her panties, his hands lingering on her legs. Selene moaned as he kissed her calves, his teeth nibbling along the inside of her knee and then the inside of her thighs.
She bit her lips as his hands ripped at the shirt and bra she still wore until she was as naked as him. His mouth was ravenous as it took hers, leaving her breathless and trembling as his mouth went to her breasts and then lower.
Cries escaped her as his mouth found her, his teeth taking the stiffening button between his teeth. He tormented her with deliberate flicks of his tongue until she was breathless and so aroused she couldn’t think straight. 
When his big body slid over hers, her knees came up. Raw moans escaped her as he thrust hungrily within her, her nails raking his back. He took his time, driving her wild and refusing to hurry.
Selene clutched his shoulders to her, eyes wide as powerful waves of pleasure shook her until she was weak and gasping. Tristan lay still within her, his lips hovering over hers, a smile playing about his lips.
"Tell me you can live without me, Selene. Say that you can give me to another woman and feel nothing."
"Tristan, please don't."
"No, I have found the love of my life, Selene," he whispered as he moved within her once more. "I’ll fight for you until you realize we belong together."
Selene sighed and her arms wrapped around his wide shoulders, her hands smoothed his long silky hair. Every breath in her body wanted to tell him yes, but with every breath, she knew his destiny lay within the novel she had yet to finish. He was her immortal lover. Even when she was old and gray-haired, he would be forever young and victorious in the pages of her book.
Selene loved him, real or made-up, it didn’t matter. He was hers. This moment was all they had. It was more than she could have ever dreamed. When he slept at her side, she got up. She pulled the digital camera from the drawer and took many pictures of him while he slept. At least she would have these to remind her Tristan had been here. He was getting quite annoyed at how many pictures she insisted upon, but she couldn’t help it. Her favorite was of him and Daisy asleep together on the couch. The dog adored him and followed him everywhere. Selene knew how that felt. She would follow Tristan just about anywhere too.
CHAPTER TWELVE

Memorial weekend they went to the parade in town. Tristan dug in his heels when they went to a carnival nearby and she insisted they ride the Ferris Wheel. He went very pale when he saw it.
"No, I’ll not ride this thing, Selene." He backed away, eyes filled with fear.
"Tristan, it's safe." She pointed to the laughing children spilling out of the area where the ride ended. "Look, they laugh. It's fun. Come on, this is nothing compared to a sword fight. You will walk away, trust me."
Tristan allowed her to lead him into the area where they waited to get into the little brightly painted car. His expression was grim as the bar came down across their laps. When the car began to move so others could get on, he was white-faced, gripping the bar for dear life.
"Relax, I promise you this will be fun."
Once they were seated in the car, he looked like he was having a full-blown panic attack. By the time they rolled to the top, he was sweating and breathing in shallow gasps.
Not all was well. She could see that. He looked ashen-faced and refused to open his eyes. It was then she realized he was afraid of heights, deathly afraid by the look of him clinging to the bar.
Selene was angry at herself for pushing him now. He looked like he would be ill when the Ferris Wheel began to move. She held onto his arm tightly, whispering reassuringly to him until he looked to be a more normal color.
When the ride ended he was clawing at the bar before the ride attendant arrived to whip it back. She frowned as she climbed out and followed him, her eyes filled with concern. She reached out to touch him. He was shaking from head to toe.
"Tristan, are you alright?" His head came up off his chest, his face filled with fear.
"I did not enjoy that, Selene. High places have always been a problem for me."
Selene shook her head, trying to grasp how one of her characters had a fear of heights and she hadn’t written about it. She was aware she left enough holes in her story for him to have a whole barrage of phobias apparently. She went and got him a cold soda and soon he was back to normal.
"We can skip the rides, Tristan," she said as they made their way down the midway.
Tristan might have a problem with the rides, but he was gifted when it came to the games. He amassed a pile of huge stuffed animals for her, earning a glare from the guy who ran the game as he fetched yet another large toy dangling above their heads. She took pity on the man and told Tristan they could fit no more in the car.
He carried them back to the car in triumph. She shook her head when she could hardly see out the rearview mirror there were so many in the backseat. He looked smug as he held her hand on the ride home.
Selene put firewood into the fire pit when they got home. Soon they had a roaring fire within the ceramic urn. They lay in the hammock there while Daisy lay next to them. She stared up at the clear night sky filled with stars, so content she didn’t wish to move.
"Selene, how did you come up with the idea for your book?" he asked finally as she lay against his chest.
She frowned, trying to recall how she developed him and the others.  It was after Christmas the previous year. Jim had been working late or sleeping at his office since Thanksgiving. She was making notes of qualities Jim didn’t ever have, picturing a man she could admire. Tristan seemed to have been born that night. 
The other characters were developed around him. Her depression over her marriage and her unfulfilled desires had sparked the decision to write. Her loneliness had made her desperate to find an outlet.
"I realized I didn’t have anything in my life that made me happy and I made you," she recalled and snuggled against his chest for warmth.
"Can you send me back so easily, Selene?" he asked with hurt in his voice.
She looked up at him and saw his torment. "I wish I could keep you forever, Tristan, but we both know it isn't possible! You said the power of the ring is what keeps you here. What if it doesn't last? I’ll not have my whole life disappear if that is the case."
"What if it were possible for me to stay?"
"What about Rhiannon and your promise to her?" Selene asked and glared at him. "You’re not the kind of man to abandon a woman you promised to marry and leave her to her fate. Have you thought of her at all? Her father is dead now. Her cousin seeks to use her, as well as Stephen. Is that fair to her? We have our happily ever for however long it lasts and she gets a monster!"
"Rhiannon is far more clever than you give her credit for, Selene. She will not roll over and accept her fate if I do not come back. She is likely to go to the king for sanctuary. Her huge dowry alone should keep her safe, if nothing else," Tristan protested and held her tightly. "I could never love her as I do you, Selene. Is that fair to her?"
Selene thought about what he said as she relaxed against his chest. Sending Tristan back didn’t insure he would make Rhiannon happy, or that they would ever feel for one another the way she had intended when she started the book. She was disgusted she stole her heroine's man.
"I don't want to spend what little time we have fighting, Tristan. I want to cherish these moments for the rest of my life. Do you think I’ll ever find someone I could ever feel this way for?" She looked up into his handsome, brooding features. "You’re irreplaceable."
"I feel the same." He looked up at the night sky with a tormented look. "I cannot feel for her as I do you, Selene. What you ask of me is impossible."
Selene didn’t answer him. She refused to spoil the evening going back and forth with these scenarios. Tristan might have been her creation, but he didn’t belong to her. A woman waited within the pages of her manuscript who was worthy of him in every way. Somehow, he had to go back and be made to see it.
Time seemed to fly and soon she and Tristan were shopping for extra groceries for the next holiday weekend when Darcy, Sal, and her kids would be coming up. Maggie had not yet committed to it. She was holding out for a better offer, even if she was dying to meet Tristan.
Selene knew Maggie would cave and come, so she made sure she aired out and readied another bedroom just in case.
The last month had been perfect in every way. Selene looked to her right where Tristan read the label of the can of mushroom soup. It was a habit of his now. He read everything he came across. Selene was impressed with his writing skills as well.
Tristan was quite accomplished at reading. He seemed to favor James Patterson and gobbled up the novels as fast as she got them for him. On impulse, she bought him an IPod and saw his look of elation as he opened it. She helped him load music on it, shaking her head at his choices. Tristan was a sucker for country music. Gunsmoke had made him a cowboy, it seemed. When it was loaded with as many songs as it could hold, he seemed content. It went with him everywhere.
He cooked every night, mastering recipes like a Julia Child disciple. He seemed to want to make himself indispensable in every way. It broke her heart to know why. He wanted to stay.
"Why does the Fourth of July hold such a significance?" Tristan asked as she loaded up on chips and goodies for the party on Saturday.
She explained the whole celebration. He nodded as though he understood. She could bet when he saw the fireworks he would never be the same. She couldn’t wait to see his expression. The lake community put on a pretty good fireworks display. They had a front row seat on the deck.
Darcy had begged her to be allowed to bring Sal and she reluctantly agreed. Darcy and the biker had been inseparable since her date with Axel. She had heard from Darcy, Axel's ex- girlfriend Jenny had come back in the picture. She was happy for Axel. She hoped his daughters were minding their business and letting their dad be happy.
Selene didn’t want to think about her life when Tristan left a month from now. She didn’t trust herself not to burst into tears. Her emotions were in overload now. Darcy had also informed her Ginny moved out of Jim's house. She had seen Jim at the dry cleaners picking up his suits. He asked about her. Darcy enjoyed telling him she and Tristan were in love.
Darcy said Jim was not handling the divorce well and seemed to have lost a great deal of weight. He said Ginny was living with her personal trainer now and he was well rid of her. It was astounding how different her life was in just a few months.
"What are you thinking about?" Tristan asked as they made their way down the frozen food aisle.
She shrugged and smiled at him. "Just that life is unpredictable."
"How so?"
"I never thought to be this happy…ever."
"Did you ever think you deserve it?"
"Never, not once," she replied and chuckled. "That's why I made you. People who cannot be happy write about those who can."
Tristan refrained from making any comments when they went through the checkout. When the groceries were loaded into the trunk, he spoke.
"I want you to write another book, Selene. Write about us." He looked out the window. "That would please me. You must promise me you will do this."
"Write a book about all of this?" she asked doubtfully and thought about it. "It could work."
"If you cannot give us a happy ending in life, give us one in a book. Promise me you will write the book, Selene," Tristan said and looked at her with troubled eyes.
"I promise, as soon as I finish this one."
That seemed to keep him happy the rest of the day. They made quite a few cold salads for her friend's arrival. Selene knew they had more than enough food. Tristan was next door at the neighbor's house. The man had a knack for making friends. Her neighbor's adored Tristan. He was quite proficient driving the pontoon and took the neighbors out while she rested. Her energy level was not what it used to be. Just a trip to the grocery store exhausted her.
 Selene took the camera out, knowing it was full. She needed another memory card. She went through her pictures and was startled. All the pictures of Tristan were gone.  Daisy slept alone on the couch. She was shaken as she flipped through the whole card to see not one remained. The power of the ring was fading. That was the only explanation she had. Tears of frustration filled her eyes as she set down the camera and went to sit out on the deck.
She watched Tristan maneuver the boat around the lake with her neighbors and their kids aboard. The tears fell unchecked down her face as she watched the pontoon chug across the lake. Soon, she was sobbing brokenly, leaning against the deck rail for support.
The stress of not knowing what to expect finally overwhelmed her. He was already fading from her life. The reality made her tense, think of the child inside of her. Would the baby disappear when its father did? Gut-wrenching sobs escaped her as she took off down the beach for a walk. She couldn’t let Tristan see her like this.
~ ~ ~
Tristan parked the boat into its berth and called to Daisy. The dog hopped off the boat and followed him down the dock. When he went inside, he called to Selene. He frowned as he looked for her. She wasn’t in their room. 
The camera was lying upon the dresser and he picked it up. The last frame she had been looking at was still visible. It was a shot of them in bed, taken by her. She held the camera over them and they crammed in for the shot. She was there, face flushed, arms outstretched to snap the picture, but she was alone in the digital photo. He was gone. 
He was grim as he set down the camera and looked at the ruby ring on his forefinger. It had begun to burn again of late. He didn’t tell her. She would be upset to know the power of the ring was calling him back to his world.
Tristan felt helpless now, knowing there was no choice. Even if he wanted to stay, he could not. The signs he even existed in this world were beginning to fade already. The writing he did vanished as well. He didn’t tell Selene his earlier workbooks were all blank now. He wrote a note to himself every day, and every day it disappeared. He opened a blank piece of paper every morning.
He had never felt such helplessness or such anger. To have found love in such an incomprehensible way, it seemed cruel to have it snatched away. That was the curse of the ring. It promised much, but at a price. 
Selene assured him once he went through the portal again, she would make the changes and take the ring out of the book. Whatever curse it had it seemed to want something from him now. His finger ached from where the metal burned into his skin. He knew his return to his world was going to be sooner than they had planned.
Tristan closed his eyes in torment, knowing he had no control over it at all. He prayed Selene did as he asked and wrote the book about them. He had some theories about why the ring wouldn’t let him stay here. Just in case he was wrong, he intended to leave a certain item behind. The ring couldn’t be removed. He tensed, thinking about what he planned to do.
~ ~ ~
The Fourth of July arrived with beautiful weather and frantic phone calls from her friends. Traffic going north was a nightmare and they would be late arriving. She hung up the phone and giggled as Tristan reached over and shut it off.
He snatched her to his chest, his eyes burning into hers. "We have time now, woman," he said huskily as he rolled her under him.
"You’re impossible!" She sighed as he settled between her thighs, his hand stroking her cheek. Soon she didn’t care that they had no gas in the pontoon or charcoal. He made her forget everything just with a touch.
"No, I just do not see the need to waste a precious moment alone before your friends get here." He stared down into her eyes. "I’ll not waste a second, Selene."
She gasped and closed her eyes as Tristan proceeded to remind her of his promise to keep her in bed all day, gripping the headboard for dear life as he pumped within her urgently, murmuring her name and crying out at the last, his lips covering hers in a hungry kiss. She sighed in delight as he lay at her side some time later, holding her close.
He grew more attentive each day that passed. She felt his urgency every time they came together, as if it would be their last. The days grew closer together now, reminding her he would leave in a month or sooner. Each day was a celebration of the previous, and the next if it was the will of the ring.
Selene grew to hate the huge ruby ring that mocked their love. They tried to work it off his finger every way they could. It wouldn’t budge. Worse, a red angry burn formed around his finger now at the base. What it meant, she feared now more than ever.
Tristan slept as she got up and took Daisy out on the beach, setting up for the party. Bags of ice were dumped into coolers filled with refreshments. She bought beer and wine, but hadn't drank since she found out she was pregnant. Tristan didn’t notice she wasn’t drinking and she was glad his preoccupation kept him from noticing the changes she saw. Her breasts were getting larger. She had a defined roundness where her abdomen had once been flat and concave.
Unlike most women, she didn’t suffer with morning sickness, and for that, she was relieved. She was healthy and happy despite what the future held. Tristan joined her on the deck, dressed and refreshed from a shower.
She swallowed hard at the sight of him bare-chested, in the bright red Hawaiian shorts and white tank. He wore leather sandals and if she didn’t  know better, he belonged on the set of Baywatch too. He would have been an improvement to the cast.
"Do we go into town now?" He removed the earphones of his IPod. His blue eyes were filled with mischief. "You promised to teach me to drive today, as I recall."
Teaching Tristan to drive was one of her promises. He was tired of being driven around by her. It was an inherently male thing, like driving the boat.
"Alright, but before we set out you need to know the rules of the road," she reminded him and disappeared into the house for the student driver handbook she retrieved from The Secretary of State's office in town. She handed it to him. "This is all the rules of driving. Once you read it, we can start teaching you the basics."
Tristan frowned. "This will take too long."
"No read, no drive, pal." Her eyes never wavered from his. He could see she wouldn’t relent.
Tristan fumed as he sat on a lounge chair and sat back to read the book. She disappeared within to finish making the fruit salad. By the time she finished marinating steaks and making hamburger patties, he called to her.
"Ready to go?" she asked and knew better. Tristan was also quite the speed-reader. He read quickly and managed to comprehend all. He jumped up and looked eager.
"Let's go!" He stalked off the deck ahead of her. 
She grinned and followed, grabbing her purse and keys. She went out into the driveway and saw him sitting behind the wheel and cringed, hoping she didn’t regret this. Thinking of bumps in her fenders made her stiffen.
"Alright, before we set out, make sure you adjust all the mirrors so you can see behind you."
Selene saw him adjust the mirrors and nodded. He took the keys and started her car, looking pleased with himself. As soon as he engaged reverse without putting his foot on the brake, she yelped and grabbed the wheel. The car moved but a few feet before she could react.
Tristan engaged the brake before she came unglued and chuckled at her look of terror. He had done it on purpose.
Jerk!
"Ok, enough of your pranks! This is no laughing matter, Tristan!" she said with her no-nonsense schoolteacher voice. "You better not do that again!"
"Selene, you really need to chill out," he admonished as he adapted the teenage boy next door’s favorite saying. "I got this."
She rolled her eyes. "I don't have the nerves for this, but back out slowly and make sure you don't run into anything."
Tristan did what she asked without a hitch and engaged drive with such precision she gasped as her car lurched forward. She tried not to hit the imaginary brake at her feet, but it was instinctual as he drove down the dirt road away from the beach house, waving at her neighbor washing his car as they passed. Bob Alderman waved back and Selene thought it surreal her neighbor was teaching Tristan to golf.  The two men had been fast friends since the day Tristan wandered over to ask how to assemble the new gas grill she bought. Alderman was only too pleased to teach Tristan the basics of tools. The man no doubt thought they didn’t have socket wrenches in England. He taught Tristan all that she couldn’t and she appreciated it.
The car came to the stop sign at the main road. Tristan looked both ways before he navigated the car onto the highway. He smiled as he drove down the two-lane highway, his speed ten under the posted speed. Her nerves were already stretched. He drove with remarkable care into town, pulling into the small shopping center. The parking thing was a dilemma but he soon parked crossways at least a hundred feet from the door, away from all the other cars. He put it in park, and looked at her with an arrogant expression, waiting for her praise of his abilities.
"You did really well," she admitted and he grinned happily. They got out of the car and walked the distance to the store. 
"Next time we park closer. Parking can be intimidating, but unless you want to walk this far every time, it's important you learn."
Tristan chuckled. "I like this driving thing. Can I drive home too?"
Selene couldn’t refuse and rolled her eyes when he exclaimed words like awesome and righteous. He really needed to stay away from Alderman's son. The boy was rubbing off on him.
They bought all the necessities and stopped at the gas station to get gas for the boat. She went in to pay as Tristan filled up the two ten gallon cans she brought. Coming back, she was struck by how well he fit into her life now.
One couldn’t tell a twelfth-century man pumped gas. He adapted well. She knew Darcy, Maggie, and Sal wouldn't be able to tell Tristan wasn’t from their world and was relieved she wouldn’t have to dodge such questions about his origins.
Her lover didn’t pester her anymore to stay. They didn’t speak of his leaving. She knew it troubled him to leave her now, knowing her father may not return from China. Bryce Campbell's emails came fewer these days. Selene knew her dad was frustrated he couldn’t will his heart to stop now that he spread her mother's ashes. He was on a tour of the northern climes now, and it was exhausting to imagine her seventy-three year old father on such a grueling trip.
They had perhaps a few hours until her friend's arrived for the long holiday weekend. Maggie was very mysterious about who she was bringing. She called twice to clarify it was alright for her to bring a companion. No way would Maggie play fifth wheel. She was going to find a date if she had to comb the college dorms.
Tristan drove home without making one mistake. She had to admit he caught on fast. He took the gas around back and she put the rest of the items in the kitchen. On impulse, she bought a huge pack of fireworks for Darcy's kids. Sal had a friend that had a friend that dabbled in the illegal stuff. She could just imagine what he was bringing with him. Darcy seemed determined that she like the guy. 
Who was she to judge? 
She stole her heroine's man in her book!
The cars arrived near four in the afternoon. Selene greeted Sal and Darcy and her three kids. Paige was thirteen, Timmy was nine, and Allison was seven. The kids took off out back before she could comment on how big they had gotten since she last saw them.
Before she could ask about Maggie her friend walked in with Axel right behind her. Selene knew her surprise showed on her face. Darcy looked guilty like she should have warned her. Maggie must have run out of options for a date and avoided her gaze.
"We’re going to have to put Paige and Allison in together," Selene calmly said as Darcy set grocery bags down.
"Is this okay with you?" Darcy whispered and Selene nodded.
"Great place you got here, Selene," Axel called as he wrestled with his duffel and Maggie's small suitcase. His blue eyes slid over her a bit regretfully as he followed Sal and Darcy.
Darcy joined them after showing the men to their rooms. 
Maggie waited until Axel was out of earshot to apologize. "He was alone for the holiday, Selene. I didn’t bring him to start drama. His daughters bailed on him and I felt sorry for him."
"It's okay, we got the room." Selene counted to ten to keep from berating Maggie for being so thoughtless. Tristan was bound to be annoyed the weakling she dated had come along.
"We’re not sleeping together, alright?" Maggie declared stoutly and looked at both her friends with a narrowed gaze. "I know how this looks, but I can assure you he is way too old for me!"
Darcy and Selene started to laugh at her words and finally Maggie relaxed. The three women chatted for several minutes and finally Sal and Axel joined them in the kitchen. Sal wore his traditional Harley tee and had already cracked a beer. Axel was about to say something when Tristan walked in.
Selene smiled to see the four mouths drop and all conversation cease. She could tell what both women were thinking when they first laid eyes upon Tristan. Sal was the first to introduce himself, shaking Tristan's hand. Axel looked a bit annoyed, his gaze seeking Selene's briefly before he shook Tristan's hand too. Selene could see the speculative look in Axel's eyes. He obviously thought the worst.
"Why don't we take this out to the deck?" Selene suggested as she steered Tristan back the way he came.
"Selene, why is the weakling here?" Tristan asked under his breath. "Is he here to challenge me?"
"No! Of course not!" she shot back and her eyes flared warningly. "Be nice! Maggie brought him. We are all friends here."
Tristan said nothing as he and Selene walked ahead of the two couples.
The kids were all on the beach.  Daisy was barking and chasing after Timmy. Darcy and Sal went to check out the dock, leaving Maggie and Axel behind.
"It's beautiful here, Selene," Axel said and smiled sincerely. "I brought a card all your student's signed for you. It's in my bag. Everyone misses you at school."
Selene smiled as she looked out over the lake. "Hard to believe we’re back there in a month and a half. Time flies."
"I was so sorry to hear about your mom, Selene." Maggie looked solemn for once. "How's your dad doing?"
"He's in China spreading her ashes along the Great Wall," Selene informed them with a sad smile. "It was a trip they planned to take before Mom got so sick. She insisted he go."
Maggie eyed Tristan with more than a little interest. It was starting to annoy her. She knew Tristan was gorgeous, but Maggie was really being obvious. Her friend made no bones about her reaction, and Selene longed to pinch her for the provocative looks in his direction.
"So this is the Tristan I have been hearing so much about?" Maggie eyed him with keen interest in her dark eyes. "You don't take offense we’re celebrating our country kicking your country’s ass, do you?"
Tristan smiled showing his dimples. "If you beat my country in battle you have earned your right to celebration. I take no offense to it at all."
Maggie went upstairs then to change. Selene could imagine what slinky beachwear accompanied Maggie. Tristan seemed to have passed the Maggie Test. She was relieved.
"What part of England are you from?" Axel asked pointedly, an unfriendly gleam in his eyes.
"I was born not far from Hampstead," Tristan said and his eyes met Axel's without expression.
"What brings you to America, Tristan?" Axel settled back in the patio chair. His words seemed pleasant enough, but Selene sensed Tristan was being drilled. "And Michigan of all places. Do you have family here?"
"I have no family left." Tristan refused to answer the rest of his questions. He claimed to have an errand in the house and left them.
"Enough with the third degree, Axel," Selene snapped tightly.
"What do you even know about him, Selene? Maggie said he's here illegally and you’re helping him. Is that true?"
"Yeah, it's true," Selene confirmed and her golden eyes filled with anger. "I know enough about him, Axel. You’re implying he's up to no good."
Axel looked annoyed at her words. "Selene, I'm just lookin' out for you. Maggie just mentioned he had problems getting papers. Maybe I read too many spy novels."
"Tristan isn't a spy, Axel," Selene responded with a laugh. "Knock it off and have fun, okay? He's a good guy. You will like him."
"He stole you from me. I think I hate him," Axel countered.
"What am I? Chopped liver?" Maggie asked jokingly as she returned, sporting a low-cut halter and Daisy duke shorts.
"You’re too young for me," Axel said teasingly and his blue eyes went back to Selene. "I can't help but be suspicious of a foreign guy who shows up with no ID. Come on, he could be a criminal or something."
"Tristan isn’t a criminal either." Selene frowned at Axel. "He got his papers stolen on his way here. His parents were missionaries in South America. He wasn’t even born in a hospital. So you see, it's not easy to send away for replacements. My guess is he would get deported before he got them in the mail."
Axel said nothing, going over Selene's story without expression.
Maggie was more generous. "She's right Axel, cut the guy a break."
"Selene, I'm sorry for being so suspicious," Axel said in apology. "You hear about scams like that all the time. Modern opportunists are very good at what they do."
Selene wasn’t too pleased with Axel's perception of Tristan and wondered if Maggie helped him reach that conclusion on the way up. Maggie avoided her gaze and rushed off the deck to go check out the pontoon.
"Axel, I appreciate your concern, but it isn't necessary here. Please, just enjoy the holiday, okay?"
Tristan's dark look when he returned sent Axel to join Maggie. The pair were talking quietly and Selene knew she was the topic. Axel's gaze kept sliding back to her and Tristan where they sat under the umbrella-covered table on the deck.
"If he persists in making himself a nuisance, I’ll deal with him," Tristan informed her with a menacing gleam in his eyes.
"No you won't!" Selene said warningly, her golden eyes narrowed. "He's a friend, Tristan, nothing more. He's concerned. It's not my style to run off with a guy with immigration problems. We knew they would have questions."
"He wants you still," Tristan grumbled. "That is the only reason he showed up with the dark-haired wench."
"Easy! And her name is Maggie," Selene reminded him shaking her head. "I’m here with you, Tristan. Why do you worry over it?"
He looked miserable as his eyes skidded away. "I leave soon."
"I thought we weren't going to do this!"
"I can't stand the thought of him waiting there when I leave," he said through clenched teeth. "It is obvious what his intentions are. You do not see it."
Selene had enough. He wasn’t the only one who suffered. "You don't have to write my story with another man, Tristan! While you sulk and feel sorry for yourself think of how I’ll feel to write your happy ending with Rhiannon?"
Tristan went silent. "I could not do it. How could you?"
"It’s not something I look forward to. It hurts more than anything else. I committed to doing it because that is where you belong."
"My heart says I belong here," he argued, blue eyes darkening.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Selene looked away from his angry gaze, knowing the last thing she wanted to do was bicker over this today. She refused to discuss it. Darcy and Sal returned. The four of them sat under the umbrella. Maggie and Axel took a walk on the beach. The children had since returned to the beach in their swimsuits.
"I love your new house, Selene," Darcy was saying to break the uncomfortable silence. "We took the bike by there the other night. It's beautiful. Didn’t I tell you Tess was great at matching people to houses?"
"It's a little big for my taste. I have to admit I was sold on the den. As soon as I walked in I saw myself writing there."
Darcy looked like she wanted to say something. Sal offered to show Tristan his motorcycle they trailered up, and the two men left.
"I sense a little friction between you and Tristan, Selene. What's going on?"
"Tristan has to go back," Selene mumbled and looked away from her perceptive gaze. "He can't stay."
"Oh honey, I’m so sorry. Why don't you just go with him?"
Selene was prepared for these questions. "My life is here, Darcy. He can't stay, and I can't go. It is the way it is. Seeing Axel here just rubbed his nose in it."
"I told Maggie not to ask him to come, but she never listens."
"It's fine. If I wanted Axel, I'd be with Axel."
"Speaking of Axel." Darcy wore an amused look. "His ex-girlfriend was back in the picture about one month before she took off again. He said his kids didn’t get along with her. What's his story?"
"His daughters pretty much run his life, Darcy. If they don't like who he's with they run the woman off. He allows it out of guilt. It's too bad, because he's a great guy."
"Yeah, he's no Tristan, that's for sure."
"No, there aren't any more left like Tristan," Selene agreed.
"Are you going to be okay?"
"No, I'm pregnant, Darcy," she disclosed.
Darcy's eyes grew sad. "Does he know?”
"No, I can't do that to him," Selene whispered and looked down at her hands. "He has to leave. It would only make it harder for us both."
"I'll be there for you, honey," Darcy promised. "When does he leave?"
"After we get back. Don't say anything to Maggie. I don't need her telling Axel my business. He already thinks Tristan is a spy!"
"She really didn’t bring him up here to cause drama, Selene." Darcy defended their friend. "Axel has been a good friend to the both of us since you went off on leave."
"I'm sorry I haven't been there for you guys lately," Selene said and felt horrible to know she had been so involved in her own matters.
"Selene, you just got divorced. Your mom died. Your dad ran off to China and may not come back. The man you love has to leave you…and now the baby," Darcy pointed out with a pained look. "I would say you are entitled to a little self-absorption lately."
Selene was relieved when Tristan came back with a bag of charcoal. He and Sal handled the barbequing and she and Darcy retired to the kitchen to get things ready for dinner. Maggie and Axel returned. Axel hung out in the kitchen with the three of them. Selene knew he avoided Tristan. Her lover would take that as a very clear sign he was the weakling he accused him of being.
Dinner came and went. Sal and Tristan were getting along quite well and the beer was disappearing quickly. She was a bit concerned when the pair left to go get more. Darcy was busy getting her kids out of the lake and ready to watch the fireworks. Axel had insisted on driving the pair as they were both now drunk. The three men had been gone for some time.
"Male bonding, I hope?" Darcy queried as she joined her and Maggie on the deck.
"Axel is jealous, Selene," Maggie reported softly and grimaced. "He doesn't get this thing with you and Tristan. I hope it's not causing a problem."
"I love Tristan, Maggie," Selene snapped and glared at her friend. "Did you think this was just some rebound fling? I can't help how Axel feels. He has no right to come up here acting like a jealous boyfriend. We went out on two dates!"
"Selene, before Tristan came into the picture you really seemed to hit it off with Axel," Maggie remarked and looked away. "I'm just saying; that's why the guy's acting this way. Then you up and dropped him without a word. He cares for you."
 Yes, she had just dropped Axel. Selene had never considered Axel when she brushed him off in favor of her English hero. Tristan had taken over her life. He consumed her. She knew it wasn’t healthy, but considering he was leaving, she wouldn’t apologize for centering her life around him now. A lifetime without him seemed a depressing contemplation.
~ ~ ~
Sal glared at Axel as he set the shot glasses down on the bar. They found the rattrap bar off the beaten path. Axel insisted on stopping. Now he goaded the Englishman to drink shots of tequila.
Tristan raised an eyebrow as he grabbed the shot and tossed it back, grimacing slightly. "What is this foul brew?"
"Have a couple more and you'll be hugging the porcelain god later, dude," Sal warned as Axel left and ordered more shots. "Don't pay any mind to him. He's just sucking sour grapes Selene went off with you. I been listening to him belly ache over it for months."
Tristan said nothing. He liked the longhaired man. He reminded him of Gideon. He offered to teach him how to ride his steel horse before he left. The man was no weakling either. Tristan glowered at Axel when he returned to the bar, two shots in his hand.
Tristan abstained the slice of lemon and offer of salt and downed the shot, his blue eyes filled with challenge. 
The weakling smiled condescendingly. "So, what are your intentions towards Selene, Tristan?"
"That is not your business!"
"I make it my business!" Axel growled and raised his hand to get the barmaid’s attention. "You show up here and she runs off with you, leaving her job and her friends in a lurch. I have every right to ask where you plan on going with this."
"She is my woman! I do not have to answer to you!"
"Okay guys, gettin' loud!" Sal came to stand between them. "We’re gonna get kicked out of here if you two keep it up."
Axel grudgingly took his shot and backed down. Tristan glowered at him. The two men squared off once a few more shots went down.
"I care for her!" Axel exclaimed harshly. "I only want the best for Selene. If it is with you, I’ll say no more."
Tristan smiled as he saw how the man struggled with those words. The weakling became a mighty warrior when Selene was involved. Perhaps there was hope for him after all.
"Selene has a mind of her own." Tristan slurred his words and started feeling the effects of the tequila. "She will need her friends soon enough. My leaving will be hard on her."
Axel looked like he would fall off the bar stool at that. "You’re leaving? But I thought? The papers she bought..." he trailed off as he saw the sad look in Tristan's expression.
"I cannot stay." Tristan saw the grim look the other man wore at the news. "I wish it were otherwise, but I have no control over it."
Axel took the news Tristan was leaving with a hopeful expression now. Tristan looked away from him, unwilling to face his own defeat. The weakling would no doubt be there to comfort Selene after he left. The thought of them together made him feel like breaking something.
Sal grinned and clapped Tristan on the back. "We need to teach you how to ride my bike before you take off."
Tristan grinned and another round was ordered. All three men were quite lit when they left the bar. It was getting dark. Sal commented the women would be getting worried. When they pulled into the beach house driveway all three were waiting there, shaking their heads as the men staggered inside.
Selene gazed at Tristan with a glower. "This doesn't get you off firework patrol, even if you’re as drunk as a skunk!"
Tristan grinned and his arms slid around her waist, twirling her around and bringing her against his hard chest in the dark kitchen. The others were out on the deck waiting for the fireworks to start.
"Your weakling had to challenge me to tequila shots instead of swords." He nibbled her neck, chuckling. "I think it was a draw."
"Axel is a good guy, Tristan. Go easy on him. We have three days left until they all leave. Try to get along, okay?"
Tristan lifted his head, smiling. "For you, I would embrace a dragon, my love."
Selene rolled her eyes and pushed away from him. "Just light the fireworks for the kids and try not to blow yourself up."
~ ~ ~
Tristan was not quite prepared for the fireworks. Selene held his arm as they started, seeing he looked like he would hit the deck. Then his expression filled with amazement. He looked down at her, smiling as the sky lit up. She held his arm as they stood on the deck, her head against his chest.
"Sal said he has more in the trunk of Darcy's van," Tristan informed her with a smile. 
"We can save them for tomorrow." Selene smiled as the kids made oohing and ahhing noises. "The big ones are for the finale."
Tristan had no clue what a finale was, so he assumed there would be more than what they saw that night. After thirty minutes, the fireworks were over. Selene assured him they would pick up the next night until the last on Sunday.
That night when they went to bed, he reached for her with a determined look she knew.
"Everyone will hear us!" she protested as his lips found her neck.
"Only the weakling will be listening," Tristan predicted and nibbled at her ear. "We have such little time left, Selene. Do not push me away for the next three days."
Selene didn’t push him away. She pulled him closer, realizing every second was precious now. She forgot her friends all slept upstairs, or that they risked anyone hearing them through the walls.
~ ~ ~
Selene was the first up and got bacon started. She let Daisy out and made coffee as people started moving around upstairs. Darcy came into the kitchen yawning and grateful for a cup, followed by Maggie. Everyone else was still asleep.
"It looks like a great day to get some sun," Maggie noted as she sipped her coffee.
"Sal and me are going for a ride on the bike today," Darcy said and eyed Selene hopefully. "Keep an eye on the kids?"
"Sure, no problem," Selene said and poured herself another cup of coffee. "Tristan's taking us out on the pontoon."
"We won't be but a few hours," her friend assured her. "Sal isn't happy unless he is on the back of his bike."
Selene smiled, having observed how much the two liked each other. It was obvious the relationship was getting serious. She never quite saw Darcy as a biker babe, but was tickled with her new boyfriend.
"I'm going to pass on the boat ride," Maggie told them. "I'm going to stay and work on my tan. Axel might go."
Selene was a bit miffed of how Maggie had brought Axel and saw fit to leave her to entertain him. She could just imagine how much fun it would be having both men and the kids out on the lake.
Axel and Sal looked hung over as they entered to the smells of bacon and the promise of eggs. Selene and Darcy got busy cooking breakfast and both men retreated to sit on the deck. Maggie left to go get her suit on, leaving her and Darcy alone. Her kids had not yet risen. She seemed to treasure these moments.
"Do you plan on telling Tristan about the baby?"
Selene knew the question was coming. Her answer was swift. "No, what would be the point? He can't stay. It would only hurt him to know."
"Are you ready to have a kid by yourself, honey?" Darcy asked with a sympathetic look. "I have three and I make it look easy, but it's damn hard without John. Are you sure about this?"
"Darcy, I can do this," she replied and used a whisk to stir up the eggs. "I won't put him on a guilt trip."
"I think you need to really think about this."
Selene paused in stirring the egg yolks. "I have. My mind is made up, Darcy."
Darcy looked miserable to hear it. "Alright, but once he leaves the country, you might feel different."
Selene wanted to laugh at that. If only Tristan were just leaving the country and not their world. She had enough time to think about this. 
What good would there be to tell him about a child he would never be able to help raise? 
It would only further complicate matters when he went back to her novel.
"Darcy, I know you think I'm making a rash decision, but I have given it great thought."
"What do you plan on telling your dad?"
"My dad is the least of my problems! Ask me what I'm going to tell Pritchard when I come back to work," Selene grumbled and looked at her friend with a sour expression. "We both know he won't be thrilled to know I'm unmarried and having a child alone. He worries about how the students and parents will react, of course."
"He has no right to say anything, Selene," Darcy reminded her. "You have tenure, and this isn't the 1960's okay? Women have babies out of wedlock every day. How does he know the baby isn't Jim's?"
"He doesn't. You’re right. Nobody has to know."
"There, now you have a solid lie to base your child's whole life upon," Darcy informed her dryly and chuckled at Selene's dark look. "Well? You seem determined to keep the baby's real father from knowing."
Selene ignored Darcy as she poured the eggs into the hot pan. She left her to go wake up her kids. Tristan appeared, looking delighted to find her there alone. He came and stole a kiss that left her breathless.
"You left our bed too soon, woman," he growled low and nibbled at her neck.
Selene shivered and felt a stirring of desire at his words. Leaving their bed was the last thing she wanted to do, but she had to get breakfast going.
"Breakfast will be ready in a few minutes," she replied and sighed as he kissed her neck. "We can get out on the lake right after. It's going to be a beautiful day."
"Every day is beautiful with you, my love." He drew away to fix a cup of coffee.
Selene smiled and looked down at the eggs she pushed around with the spatula. Her charming lover knew exactly what to say to make her regret getting out of bed at all.
~ ~ ~
Selene knew Tristan and Axel had hardly made friends the night before, even if both nursed hangovers this morning. The children fished off the back of the pontoon and Axel helped them bait their hooks. He really was quite good with kids, she noted.
"What have you told your friends about my leaving? I would know so I don't say something to alert the weakling's suspicions."
"Will you quit calling him that?" Selene snapped under her breath, her golden eyes filled with annoyance.
"When he stops acting like one, I’ll quit calling him that."
"What do you base this name you label him with upon?" she challenged. "He doesn't wave a sword, or ride a horse, or use his fists to make a point? Those are hardly the measure of a man, Tristan."
"He does not go after what he wants," Tristan replied smoothly and raised an eyebrow. "He allowed you to get away."
"I believe I had something to say about that!"
"He did not put up much of a fight for you, Selene," Tristan pointed out. "In fact, according to this Maggie wench, he started seeing another woman right away."
"Stop calling Maggie a wench! The woman he was seeing was a part of Axel's life long before he met me, so stay out of it."
"He did not want the woman. He only went to her because he lost you. That is why I call him a weakling. Instead of fighting for you, he let you go."
Selene was frustrated with Tristan's logic, but she couldn’t avoid the truth of his words. Axel had acted like a fourteen year-old by hooking back up with Jenny. He even moved in on her friends to seek information about her and Tristan. Now he showed up at her cottage with Maggie and challenged Tristan to drinking contests. Yet, he had not offered one intention of his own to support his actions.
"I love you, Tristan." She sipped on a bottle of water and glared at him. "What is your point?"
Tristan shrugged. "I only point out the obvious. He is not for you. I can do nothing about it when I’m gone. I would hope you will find a better man than him."
"What makes you think I even want another man, Tristan?" 
"One day you will. I hope you choose wisely. These weaklings are beneath you, Selene."
She felt tears begin out of nowhere. He was ruining her day with his reminding her in one month's time he would be gone from her life. Thinking about him leaving was not something she wanted to face right now.
"Can we go one day without talking about what I’ll do when you’re gone?"
Tristan said nothing, watching the children fish. "Selene, I have no wish to make you sad. I feel the pain of leaving every minute that passes."
She looked at him and saw the raw pain in his expression, knowing he suffered as she did. He might have Rhiannon waiting for him at Raven's Keep, but his heart was very much hers. 
Did she think this was easy for him? 
His being a warrior had made her think his feelings were somehow less vulnerable. It was obvious his pain was as profound as hers was.
"We won't speak of it until the others leave," she said and watched Axel help Timmy reel in a sunfish. "It is all I can do to keep a smile on my face right now."
Tristan reached out and his large hand grasped hers, his long fingers linking with hers. She could see he wished for her friends to leave and them to be alone. What had been planned to take their minds off his leaving only reminded them of it more.
"I do not want to share you with them, Selene," he said and looked away. "I know it is selfish of me, but it is how I feel."
"Two more days, and they will leave," she reminded him. "This was supposed to be fun. Now you make me want to kick them all out."
"Sal is teaching me how to drive the steel horse."
Selene looked alarmed. "No way are you riding that, Tristan!"
He looked belligerent. "Sal says it is very safe. I wish to learn."
Selene looked exasperated. "Why? Last I heard, they have no motorcycles in the twelfth century. Why do you persist in worrying me?"
"Why do you persist in treating me like a child?"
"Fine, learn to ride! When you fall on your ass and hurt yourself, don't say I didn’t warn you!" she replied huffily and got up to see Timmy's fish.
Tristan glowered at her as she marveled over the boy's catch. Selene felt his eyes upon her heavily and avoided him until the children were ready to go in for lunch. Axel seemed to enjoy the current of discord between them, taking the opportunity to talk with her of all that happened at school in her absence.
Tristan was driving the pontoon and she sat in the back of the boat on the vinyl seat, listening to him regale her with his first semester impressions. Try as she might, whatever interest she had in Axel once was gone the minute Tristan entered her world. Even now, her eyes lingered on his wide back as he guided the boat across the lake, hardly listening to Axel.
The children were excited they caught enough decent perch to cook. They ran off the boat with the pail to show Maggie. Tristan tied off the boat and Axel gathered up their gear. Selene went up to the house ahead of them.
~ ~ ~
Axel glared at his rival, disgusted to know he didn’t stand a chance in gaining Selene's interest with Tristan around. He was encouraged to know Tristan was leaving for England in a month, but he more than sensed he would always play second to this man, whether here or not. A part of him was angry that Selene had fallen in love with someone else. The other expected things to go wrong and accepted it as his lot.
True, he hardly knew Selene well enough to have latched onto her so quickly, but he had felt an immediate connection to her. Considering his track record with women and his initial suspicions of them, that was unheard of.
Axel sighed as he grabbed the tackle boxes and poles. He came here to discredit the man. He could find nothing wrong with him. The fact he adored Selene was pretty obvious. Her feelings were crystal clear too.
His lips tightened as he watched Tristan walk up on the deck and Selene came out to hand him a beer. Their hands always seemed to linger when they touched. Axel fought the bitter feeling to know he had lost to the better man. Even when Tristan was gone, she would never forget him.
Axel eyed the dark-haired beauty sleeping in a lawn chair on the beach. He smiled as he sauntered off the boat. Maggie was far too young for him, but he could wait for her to grow up. They were thrown together by circumstances. She had paid hardly any attention to him at all since they got here. Maybe he should remind her she was his date.
~ ~ ~
Selene sat with Tristan and the other two couples when the fireworks started. Mr. Alderman next door agreed to light off Sal's cache of illegal fireworks for the kids. Selene could not help but notice how attentive Axel was to Maggie, or how her friend seemed to be responding. She felt no jealousy to see that they were obviously taking an interest in one another. Maggie was turning thirty-nine in September. She needed a guy more her age. Axel was taking it in stride that her feelings for Tristan were genuine. He didn’t seek to interfere again.
When the fireworks started, Tristan held her hand. She leaned upon his shoulder as the sky lit up in oranges, greens, and blues. The mesmerizing display went on for forty-five minutes. When the city's display was over, they had an intermission until Alderman lit off theirs. Darcy and Sal took the opportunity to take the bike up to the store to get more beer.
Tristan excused himself and went to their room. When he didn’t come back right away, she went to look for him. She found him holding his hand on the bed, an anguished expression on his face.
"What is it?" She rushed to his side.
He held out his hand. She gasped as she saw the redness of his hand. The ring was burning him where it touched his skin.
"I cannot stand the pain any longer," he fumed.
"I'll go get you some ice. That seemed to help the last time."
"Selene, it's just getting worse," he said through gritted teeth. "You know what this means. The ring is calling me back."
Selene covered her mouth with her hand to stop her cry of denial. This was not the first time he reacted poorly to the ring, but the burning grew worse. She knew from the last time that ice was the only thing that made it bearable. She ran to the kitchen and got a plastic bowl filled to the top with ice.
Tristan plunged his hand into the bowl with a sigh. He glanced at her appreciatively. Selene sat next to him on the bed.
"What does it mean?"
"It means it will get worse the longer I linger here, Selene. The pain travels up my arm now."
"Oh God! I can't take seeing you in pain!" She exclaimed, her hand over her mouth.
"I have grown used to it, but this is new," he reported and took out his hand and flexed his arm, wincing." It only tells me the ring is angered I have not listened."
Selene was aghast to see his arm as he rolled up his sleeve. The flesh was blistered up to his elbow now. She trembled at the sight. His pain must have been unbearable, but he was a warrior. He learned to adapt to the pain for her sake.
"We will leave when the others get on the road Monday morning, "she said and went into the bathroom and flipped on the light. She wet a towel with cold water and brought it to him to wrap his arm in. He looked like he felt better after a few minutes.
"I'm sorry I have no control over this, Selene," he said tightly.
"Tristan, you could die! That is obvious enough to me," she said with a trembling breath. "We dare not wait any longer. This is the ring's punishment."
"Selene, I don't want to leave you yet!" He argued and looked angry. "I can endure it a bit longer."
"No! I’ll not let you suffer to put off the inevitable!" she snapped harshly.
Tristan looked pale as he wrapped the towel around his arm. She could see he was in agony. Her heart hurt to know he had endured it as long as he could for her benefit. Anger filled her to know they ran out of time.
"Selene, we have a month—"
"No, you will be covered in burns by then and you know it!" She paced in agitation. "I can't stand to see you suffer. You need to go back."
Tristan looked away from her pained expression. "I would bear such pain for you, Selene."
"Oh hell no! No you won't, Tristan!" Selene snapped and flung him a dark look. "I love you too much to allow that!"
Tristan's lips tightened but he said nothing. She went to his side and opened the towel to inspect his arm. The burns were quite severe. The skin was hanging off in some places. She could see they were third degree. The burn cream she bought would numb it for a time, but it had to be miserable.
He reached out and lifted her chin, his eyes dark with pain. "Do you see what I would do to show you how much I care for you, Selene? My pain is real. I’m real."
She kissed his blistered hand and tears filled her gaze. "You’re real, Tristan. I have no doubt of it. I don't know how or why this has happened. I’m thankful for every moment."
Tristan used his good arm to pull her close. "Let us get through this night. I would show you how I feel."
They went back out on the deck. Tristan claimed he burned his hand barbequing. They made it through the fireworks. Tristan managed to have another beer with Sal and Axel, and soon they slipped away.
Chapter Fourteen

Tristan showed her with his hands and his mouth how much he adored her, bringing her to the heights of passion several times that evening. Selene fell asleep in an exhausted slumber at his side. 
Tristan stared up at the ceiling when she fell asleep, his throbbing arm wrapped in a towel. A look of anguish filled his gaze, but not because of the burns.
His hand reached out and slid over the slight roundness that had developed where Selene's belly had once been flat. She knew she carried his child and did not tell him, fearing he would try to stay. The torment of knowing he left his child behind eased somewhat knowing she would raise the boy or girl.
Any other woman would cry and bemoan raising a child alone. His Selene refused to tell him, not wanting him to feel guilt when he returned to her novel. She was very good at putting his needs and others ahead of her own. She had not considered herself at all.
The large ruby glowed slightly in the dark. Tristan did not understand what lesson he was supposed to have learned from the ring and its power. He did not feel he had abused it for any more than good intentions.
Stephen had to know the ring had power and killed his father for it. Tristan didn’t know what else it could do and didn’t want to know. Opening a doorway into another realm was quite enough to tell him this ring was dangerous. He wondered how his father could have wielded such a ring. 
Perhaps the secrets of the ring could help him discover how he could return to Selene's world. He faced his imminent departure with despair, but he suspected he could return if what he thought was correct. 
Selene must write their story. She promised, but what she would do when he was gone remained to be seen.
His hand trembled as he slid it protectively over her abdomen. He would be around to see his child. Selene was wrong not to tell him. 
Did she think him an idiot? 
He knew how babies were made. He noticed the changes in her body before she had. Tristan knew she was putting his feelings ahead of her own by not telling him of their child. It angered him Selene continued to put herself last. 
After months with her, he hoped she would realize some sense of selfishness. Before his eyes closed, he uttered his nightly prayer, adding his desire to be with his woman and child. Whatever God chose to listen had to know it was all that he ever wanted. This life was where he belonged, not the imaginary one Selene created.
~ ~ ~
Selene was pleased to see Axel and Tristan had finally buried the hatchet the next day. Axel seemed quite devoted to his date now, and she eyed Maggie hopefully as the men went out front for Tristan's lessons with the motorcycle.
"So how are you and the coach doing?"
Maggie grinned. "There's something to be said about older men."
"You like him?"
"What's not to like?" Maggie fanned herself dreamily. "He's got to be one of the best lover's I have ever had. You lose, sister. He is all mine!"
Selene was delighted. "Watch out for his daughters, Maggie. Don't let them run you off. Axel deserves to be happy."
"He said he's tired of being alone. Let us hope he sets them both straight. You know I'm not good with teeny boppers."
"Since you aren’t much older, I think you will get along with them just fine."
Maggie smiled, her pretty face filled with relief. "I was afraid you wouldn't be happy for us, with Tristan leaving and all."
"I’m delighted. Axel and you make sense. He and I are better as friends."
"Sal asked Darcy to marry him last night," her friend surprised her by confiding.
"What did she say?"
"What do you think she said, Selene? She loves the guy. I know he looks like Meatloaf, but he loves her and the kids."
Selene was happy for Darcy. "That's all that matters."
"Are you going to be okay?" Maggie demanded and reached out to grab her hand. "I know his leaving is tearing you up."
Selene nodded and sat back in the patio chair. "I'm okay, really. It's beyond our control. Tristan would stay if he could."
"Where there's a will there's a way," her friend quoted, but it fell on deaf ears. Selene knew the will of the ring would send Tristan back into the pages of her novel soon enough.
Selene got up and decided to check out her computer. The conflict in her novel was growing. She sat at the computer chair, hearing voices finally. She tensed as she heard two men talking in the room.
"I ask you to do one simple task, de Vigny! And you fail at it! My nephew is gone, as well as the girl," Stephen de Montfort growled as he paced within the tower room, his face filled with anger. He looked like an older version of Tristan, only the lines around his mouth and eyes gave him a cruel cast. "He must not wed the Severn heiress! I’ll have an army at my gates. Edward of Severn sits upon the fence to see who comes out the victor. King John sits upon his hands in this as well."
Lord de Vigny looked worried at Stephen's words. "I did all I could to keep him here! You cannot say that I failed in that! Somehow, he had help. Even the girl! I cannot credit how they both managed to escape my castle with his men locked in the dungeons."
Stephen stared at his brother's former ally with a look of distaste on his handsome face. "Because of your inept bumbling, Tristan raises an army against me! You and Severn have both been useless to me!"
"What will you do, Stephen?"
"I’ll not disappoint my nephew," he replied grimly. "I’ll level his little keep and take his lovely bride. She was mine! How dare that upstart take what is mine?"
"The Lady Rhiannon has little love for her intended from what I have seen," de Vigny added and his beady dark eyes glimmered with unease. "Her maid tells my staff how she curses him daily. Perhaps all is not lost?"
Stephen contemplated his words with a frown. "My spies tell me otherwise, de Vigny. They say she lusts for him like a bitch in heat and all see it but him."
Lord de Vigny shrugged. "A woman's heart is known to be fickle, my lord. She will go with whoever wins Montfort, eh?"
Stephen stared out the window with a black look. "I’ll win the day, the lady, and the ring, my friend."
Selene covered her mouth to keep her cry of outrage from stemming forth. She watched Stephen walk from the window and slam out of the chamber, de Vigny fast on his heels. The two men were working together. Rhiannon's father had been one of Stephen's lackey's as well. What the hell was going on with her novel? 
It seemed to have a mind of its own now. The characters in it were doing what they wanted. Her pause in writing was allowing for it, as well as the power of the ring. Tristan needed to go back, and soon. She turned off the computer and winced to think of the horrible burns on his arm. They seemed to travel ending at his shoulder. There was no choice. He would be burned alive should he stay.
~ ~ ~
The fireworks were brilliant that night. They celebrated on the deck, not only their nation's birthday, but Sal and Darcy's engagement. Sal had given her a ring from a gumball machine until he could get back to town and buy her a proper one. She waved the plastic one proudly, and her kids seemed thrilled.
Selene watched their happiness with a touch of envy as she stood with Tristan on the deck. He slid his arm around her waist and watched the fireworks without his usual awed expression. They would pack up and leave tomorrow after her friends left. Selene emailed Tess and the keys to her home were left in her new neighbor's care. Movers were hired to get her things from storage. All was in readiness, but Selene was not.
"You must write the book of us, Selene," he said again.
"Why is this so important to you?" she asked with tears in her gaze. "I lived it! To write it all down would be to feel this miserable again, Tristan."
"You must! Selene, you promised me!"
"Fine! I’ll write about how awful my life is without you!"
Tristan hugged her and seemed pleased she relented to write the book. They entertained her friends until the fireworks were over and Sal and Axel dispatched the beer. When the couples and children went to bed, they sat alone on the deck. Daisy lay whining at Tristan's feet, a mournful sound that seemed to relay how Selene felt. He had to go home, and she had to finish his story
He looked at her with love in his gaze. "I’ll hold you in my heart forever, my love. You must know that."
Selene did, but it didn’t help. For once she wanted the happy ending she only dreamed of and wrote about. She hated Rhiannon now with a passion borne of envy. To think of Tristan with the beautiful girl made her grit her teeth in denial.
"I ask myself why I was given you," Selene cried in anguish and looked away. "What lesson is there in knowing love, only to lose it?"
"Selene, you do not lose anything," he corrected her and reached out to grasp her hand, lifting it to his lips. "Love does not fade. What I feel for you will not die because I’m gone from your world."
Selene was comforted to know Tristan wouldn’t suffer from his burns but one more day. He would open the portal once they were back. Her lips trembled to think of his passing through that doorway. The need to hold onto him now was worse with the baby coming.
"I’ll never forget you, Tristan."
~ ~ ~

Selene was morose as they packed up their things and she closed up the beach house. Daisy was with Tristan on the beach before they left. She smiled as she thought of all her lover had learned this last weekend. Sal had been impressed with how quickly Tristan learned to ride his Harley. Selene had her heart in her throat to watch him drive the thing. He looked like he was born to ride as he went zipping down the beach road, showing off for them.
As long as she lived, she would never forget these moments. She packed up the leftover food in the kitchen and put it in her trunk. The computer was placed there as well. She woke early, glad to see nothing else was conspired in Tristan's chamber. He would return there, she knew. Tristan said the portal would return him to the room. There was no help for that. She planned on typing in enough weapons and supplies to get him out of there and back to Raven's Keep.
Selene had several weeks until school was back in session and knew she could finish the book beforehand. She had also made other decisions. This would be her last year at Grand Blanc Elementary. After giving it a lot of thought, she decided to devote her time to raising their child and writing. If her father returned from China, he would be pleased to know she was following her dreams and goals finally.
Loving Tristan had taught her some invaluable lessons about herself and her life. She had not been happy long before Jim filed for divorce. Teaching was not her passion, but writing. It was the one thing her and Tristan didn’t argue of. He was determined she write the story of them. It seemed an ideal time to do it while she waited for their child to be born. She was not eager to relive the pain of losing him, but the project was starting to pull at her.
"Are you ready?" he asked as he joined her, Daisy now leashed.
"As ready as I’ll ever be," she retorted softly, her golden eyes brimming with sadness.
"Do not look at me like that, Selene."
"I can't help it."
"Come, let us go," he said as he opened the door and let Daisy into the backseat. "I suspect this drive back will be a long one."
Tristan's prediction came true in the form of traffic. Selene was annoyed as it seemed to turn into a parking lot on I-75 southbound. She was relieved when they finally neared home. They stopped along the way to relieve Daisy and get an ice-cream cone. Tristan adored chocolate chip ice cream. Selene watched him eat the cone and felt tears building. She promised herself she wouldn’t be a clinging vine, but the urge to tackle him and keep him from going was strong.
Selene found her new neighbor was out in his yard when they arrived. The older man ran the key over and introduced himself. Selene was grateful when Mr. Bates finally went home. The man's chattiness seemed to drag on forever. The movers had already come and went. She was grateful her bed was at least set up when they went inside. The furniture was in place, but the bins were all stacked neatly in each room they belonged in. Selene had little desire to unpack. Daisy was getting to know her new backyard as she and Tristan trudged upstairs to their room. She made the bed and adjusted the air conditioning. The house was stuffy. She was unpacking her master bath when the phone rang. She pulled her cell out of her pocket and grew excited to see it was her father.
"Dad! It's so good to hear your voice," Selene breathed. "When are you coming home?"
He chuckled on the other end. "I booked a flight that leaves the day after tomorrow. I called to see if you can pick me up at the airport."
Selene got his flight information relieved her father had come to his senses and was coming home. She needed a grandfather for her child. She hung up with the greatest sense of relief to know his heart was more stubborn than he was. She finished unpacking her bathroom stuff. The house was finally cooling off and she thought about dinner. Tristan insisted upon pizza. They sat eating pizza as it grew dark. He looked at her with a pleased expression.
"Did I not tell you that your father would be fine?"
"Yes, you did," she said and smiled. "I worried for nothing, it seems."
Tristan's perfectly chiseled features hardened. "Lord de Vigny has much to answer for when I return. Pray do not interfere with my pleasure to kill the man, Selene."
"I was going to suggest the same," she replied and shrugged. "Do what you have to do. It appears Lord Severn was also in league with Stephen to have your father eliminated. Do you know why? That is the most troubling thing. I didn’t write any of this in the book."
"My father stood in their way when it came to their original ties to France," he told her and grimaced. "He was loyal to the English king until the day he died. No matter, for John will hear it all from me when I seek his council."
"Tristan, do not trust King John. History alone told you he talks out both sides of his mouth. You know your history before you go back."
Tristan smiled grimly. "I’ll not forget it either. He is not to be trusted, but he will not harbor traitors in his midst. My uncle will be dealt with if not by my hand. Justice will be done."
"How is the arm?"
Tristan winced and flexed it. It would have had to be his sword arm. "It pains me greatly. I hope once I pass through the portal, the condition ends."
"How do you wish to do this?" she asked and appeared morose. "When do you wish to leave me?"
Tristan stood up and grabbed her hand, pulling her up. His blue eyes were intent. "I would say goodbye to you in our bed, Selene. I do not eat and run now."
She chuckled at his use of words. "I was hoping you had an exit planned."
The evening was glorious and Selene held him, gripping him tightly as passion overwhelmed them. Knowing he would leave made them desperate to prolong it. She sat up in bed as she watched him change back into his medieval garb. 
He adjusted his belt and touched the ring, closing his eyes. Within minutes, the portal opened in her bedroom wall, light filtering around it.
"I know I said I wouldn’t cry, but I can't help it," she cried and sobbed with her head in her hands, shaking from her grief. "I don’t want you to leave me!"
Tristan stood at the foot of the bed, his expression filled with pain. "I’ll never leave you, Selene. A part of me will always be with you."
She nodded, thinking of the child. "Go then, and live happily ever after, Tristan. I’ll never forget you, my love."
He took her hands in his and kissed them both. "Do not forget your promise to me, Selene. You must write our story. Do not let it end here."
Her heart was in her eyes as he opened the doorway between their worlds. Light blinded her and she looked away, shielding her eyes. His shape moved into the light and then the door shut and disappeared, leaving her sitting in the dark, trembling as tears slid down her face.
~ ~ ~
Tristan stopped within the corridor, retrieving his sword where it lay. He gritted his teeth as he picked up the blade. He closed his eyes tightly and muttered a prayer before he severed his ring finger, gasping in agony as the lopped off finger fell at his feet, the ruby gleaming up at him. He plucked the ring from his severed digit, blood running down his hand. He knew where to find it when the time came. He left it there under the door he just passed through, hopeful the ring would keep the passage open so he could return one day.
The horrible burning pain in his hand reminded him of his love for the woman beyond the door. He walked down the corridor back to his chamber, a look of resolve on his handsome face. He stepped into the stone room with his sword drawn, not surprised to see the finger was back as if by magic. He grinned, knowing he had outsmarted the ring at last. He waited for Selene to give him the tools needed for his escape.
~ ~ ~
Selene typed frantically, knowing any moment Lord de Vigny's men could discover Tristan had returned to his chamber. She gave him rope and weapons that would see him to Raven's Keep. She wrote in his horse, still stabled there in wait. When she hit save and returned to the screen, the castle room was gone. 
A cry escaped her lips to see her former desktop wallpaper there. He was gone. She had no idea how long she sat there staring at the screen. Finally, she opened up her manuscript, her anguished eyes arriving to where she left off. Her fingers poised above the keys, and suddenly they came down, flying over the keyboard. Whatever block she had before was gone.
She ignored the pain in her own heart as the hours passed, writing of his and Rhiannon's discovery of one another. Her heroine became more of a woman as she developed her further. It was dawn when she finally stopped, having written five chapters since Tristan left. She had only seven to go. She reasoned twenty chapters was more than adequate, staying within moderate word counts.
Selene stood on the deck as the sun came up that next morning, watching Daisy in the backyard, a coffee cup in her hand. The pain in her broken heart ached to know Tristan was gone from her world, but if anything, knowing him had improved her writing of him. The book was flowing from a source that was closer to her heart now.
Today she would continue the story, and tomorrow until she finished it. The future didn’t look as bleak as she reentered her new house. She went back to bed, smelling his pillow. She vowed never to wash the smell of him from it. A smile crossed her face as she thought of the piece of him she would have forever.
~ ~ ~
Selene grimaced as she made her way back to her classroom after the pep rally. The children were all running chaotically through the halls and her temper was sorely strained as she opened her classroom door.
She leaned against the doorframe and sighed, looking down at her burgeoning abdomen as the cause of her present mood swings. The child grew by leaps and bounds. Any worry she had was alleviated every time she saw her obstetrician. The baby was normal and healthy. She had every sonogram posted upon her refrigerator to remind her of it daily.
Her book was edited and reedited, and finally ready for publishing. She wasn’t surprised when every query letter she sent to agents and publishers was replied with a form letter rejection. She got to look forward to rejection. At least it was something. Some didn’t even bother to respond.
She itched to be published by finally going the self-publishing route online. It was frustrating formatting her own book and cover. Seeing A Warrior's Heart in the EBook sites was priceless. Selene could see the book was doing well, even by her own exalted standards. Tristan and Rhiannon had their happy ending.
Writing the ending of that book took everything out of her. She recalled crying at the end when Tristan rescued his fair damsel from his evil uncle and dispatched Stephen to hell where he belonged. Tristan took up his rightful birthright with Rhiannon as his countess, and they lived happily ever after. He was forever immortalized now in her first novel. She would miss him and would reread the book to remind her of him.
Her father came home with a new determination on life now he knew he was to be a grandfather at last. His health improved, if anything. Willing himself to die had not worked. Living proved a better option now.
Darcy and Sal married through the justice of the peace. The reception was at The Boat Bar. Axel was his best man and Selene stood up for her friend. Darcy and Sal were gone to a Bike Week rally in Florida for their honeymoon. 
She chuckled as she recalled the pair taking off on the bike at the courthouse, shaking her head to see the cans tied to the back of it and the small Just Hitched sign on the backrest of his Harley.
Axel moved in with Maggie finally. They had a volatile relationship and bickered constantly, but it seemed to make them both thrive. His daughters learned to defer to the tigress in their father's life. Maggie ruled the roost. Axel had done an about face dealing with his possessive children. The pair was happy just living together for now and in no hurry to get married.
Selene rubbed her abdomen. Today was her last day at work. A party in the teacher's lounge after work was planned. She wasn’t coming back after the baby was born. Mr. Pritchard seemed to take it the worst, regarding Selene as one of his best teachers. He surprised her by buying a copy of her book on Kindle. He maintained it was not his genre, but he was proud of her accomplishment.
Selene waddled over to her desk and found a slew of homemade cards from her students. They certainly didn’t make her leaving easy. She read each one, growing misty-eyed. This was the best thing when it came to teaching, knowing you were cared for by your students.
Tomorrow she would start her book about her and Tristan as she had promised him. She needed no research to write this book. Everything was in her head and in her heart. The task had seemed to be something she dreaded before he left. Now it consoled her in her loneliest moments.
The party was more like a baby shower. Selene was grateful as Maggie, Darcy and Axel helped her carry her gifts to her car. She knew they were saddened she wasn’t coming back after the baby was born, but this was what she wanted. The fact she didn’t have to worry about money made it possible and she wouldn’t squander it.
When she entered her house and Daisy ran to her, she bent and scratched her dog behind the ears. Daisy had moped for months after Tristan left. They had commiserated many nights in her huge bed over his absence. Finally, she seemed to snap out of it.
Selene leafed through her mail and retired to her den. She smiled as she sat behind the mahogany desk that was once her father's. He insisted she take it and whatever else she wanted from the estate. Her huge house was now filled with the pieces he insisted were hers. This was her favorite of all. She had coveted this desk since she was in the tenth grade. She felt empowered sitting behind it. 
She opened her email first, grimacing from more rejection letters found there. A Warrior's Heart might not have won the hearts of literary agents and the like, but it was doing well as an EBook. It gave her the incentive to turn on the Word program and begin anew.
Tristan's image came to mind. A smile curved her lips as she started the first sentence. Soon, her fingers were blazing across the keyboard. Hours later, she had three very finely crafted chapters done. She smiled as she reread them. 
Truth was indeed stranger than fiction.
She frowned as she saved the document and heard Daisy barking excitedly upstairs. The racket was coming from her bedroom. When she arrived in her room, she spoke sternly to the dog that stood at the bare wall Tristan passed through months before. Daisy sometimes lay there too, as if waiting for him.
Selene reached for her collar, another warning dying upon her lips as the portal formed in the wall. Eyes grew wide with shock as the doorway she believed shut forever was once more illuminated. She shielded her eyes as the room lit up. The door opened and Tristan stepped through it. He shut it, gazing at her with a grin of delight to see her large with his child.
Selene was too stunned to react as he stepped towards her. Her heart beat frantically as he grew near.
"How...how is this possible?" she stammered and shook her head. "How is it you’ve returned?"
"Say hello first, my love," he mocked her gently as he strode forward, pulling her into his arms, his strong chest a comfort after so many months without him.
"But how is it possible you came back?"
"It was not our story that first time," he admitted with a grin. "That’s why the ring wouldn’t allow me to stay. I left the ring at the doorway hoping you would write our story so I could return."
"But you had your happy ending," she argued, looking mystified at his words. "I have you living with Rhiannon back at your ancestral home, Tristan. Don't tell me you’ve left her?"
"Oh, that guy is still there. He is so happy he cannot believe his good fortune," Tristan informed her with a grin, his blue eyes filled with mischief. "Rhiannon is not alone there, Selene. You writing the new book about us created a way for there to be two Tristan's. It was as I thought. I can stay in this story forever, my love, because it is about us."
Golden eyes widened. "You can stay? You’re very sure of it?"
"I learned much about the ring, Selene. Because your tale was about Rhiannon and her Tristan, I could not stay in your world. That is why I made you promise to write this one. I used the ring's power to wish to return when you began writing it.”
Selene looked startled as he held up his hand, his forefinger missing. The ruby adorned his other finger now, and did not burn him as it had before. Her eyes widened to know he had cut off his finger in order to keep the doorway to his return kept open. Her warrior had waited for her to write their story.
"Do I finish it?" she asked as he covered her belly with his huge hand, a smile of pleasure on his face to feel their child move. "How does this work?"
"Our story goes on for a lifetime, Selene, whatever we wish," he explained tenderly and his lips lowered to brush against hers. "Even if I have to become Samuel Forrest to manage it."
"You saw the papers?" She cringed slightly in guilt to have not told him. "I didn’t show them to you because I didn’t want to hurt you when we had to send you back."
Tristan held her to his chest tightly. "It told me what you intended all along for us, Selene. It is why I cut my finger off. It was worth it to return to you in your world."
"You came in the nick of time." She looked down at her huge stomach. "I didn’t relish going through this alone."
"Everything is possible, Selene. I learned that much from the ring."
"Do you want to read our story now?"
He grinned. "It was much more satisfying to have lived it."
"Oh no, you don’t,” she said as she looked up at him with happy tears. “You made me write this book, you will help me write the rest of it.”
“What of your readers?” He lifted her chin, his eyes staring deeply into hers. “I thought you said constant strife equaled interest. Surely happiness will not hold their interest?”
“They don’t have to read the damn thing then,” Selene muttered and pulled his lips to hers, sighing as his strong arms encircled her and held her protectively.

THE END
