Tropical Escape

Book One

Tropical Escape Series

By Anne Marie Beck

Cover Photograph
O’ahu * Hawaii

Cover Photograph By
K. M. Morgan


~*~ Aloha Everyone ~*~

This book is dedicated to all women, no matter how old or young. We all deserve to have a little tropical escape in our lives. I hope you enjoy your little trip to paradise, even if it is only on your e-reader. Mahalo nui loa to all my fans and new readers. You give me the drive that keeps me writing and improving, with each new adventure we take together.

~*~ Mahalo ~*~
Anne Marie

Dedication

A big thank you to my daughter Krissy and my son in law Matt for allowing me to enjoy time with them and showing me all the beauty that Oahu has to offer. Without your help, this book series would not have been possible
Love Mom
Basic Hawaiian Translations
A
aloha - hello; goodbye; welcome; farewell; love
H
hale - house
haole - a foreigner, often referring to a Caucasian
heiau  Hawaiian temple; place of worship; sacred ground
hula - native dance of Hawai'i
K
kama`aina - native born or local resident of Hawai'i
kane - man
keiki - child(ren)
L
lanai - a porch, balcony or veranda
lua - bathroom
lu`au - a Hawaiian feast
M
mahalo - thank you 
Mahalo nui loa - Thank you very much
makai - a direction: "towards the sea"
mauka - a direction: "towards the mountains"
O
ohana - family
ono – delicious
P
pali - cliff(s)
pau - finished; done (pau hana = done with work)
poi - crushed taro root made into a sticky paste
W
wahine - woman
Pronunciation Tips:
 1. The Hawaiian alphabet has only 13 letters - the five regular vowels (a, e, i, o, and u) and eight consonants (h, k, l, m, n, p, w, and the okina: ' ).
 2. The vowels are pronounced ah, ey, ee, oh and oo, not ay, ee, eye, oh and you, as in English.
 3. Usually, each vowel in a word is pronounced separately.
Other titles by Anne Marie Beck
The Preston series
Blindsided By Love
A Wedding Melody
Cruising For Love
Love at Lunch
Hero of my Heart
Love Wears a Stetson series
Wyatt
Jesse
Carson
Josh
Cowboys of the Northwest
Match Made in Heaven
Never Say Never
Double or Nothing
Good Guys Don’t Always Finish Last
His Snow Angel
The Halfling Kings
The Halfling Kings
Tropical Escape
Tropical Escape
Tropical Breeze
Coming Soon
Tropical Storm
Last Chance Series
Second Chance at Love
Box Sets
The Preston’s
Love Wears a Stetson
Cowboys of the Northwest
Stand-alone books
Secrets of the Full moon
The Story of us
Table of Content
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Bonus Read

Tropical Escape

Book One

Tropical Escape Series

By Anne Marie Beck

Published by Anne Marie Beck at Smashwords.com
Copyright 04/2014 Anne Marie Beck



~*~ Chapter 1~*~


Lorna Hamlin was a bundle of nerves as she sat across the small intimate table from her fiancé, Bradley Brooks. She watched his face turn various shades of red. Wait. Correct that, her red-faced, irritated, ex-fiancé, as of three minutes ago. They sat in their usual corner table. In their favorite upscale Seattle restaurant, as Lorna spoke the words that had been weighing heavy on her mind for months now.
The only thing she could offer Bradley was as close to the truth, as possible. But not going so far into the details of her decision to hurt him.
Closing her eyes, she inhaled a deep, shaky breath into her lungs. She did her best to steady her nerves before she had to continue.
Desperate to ease Bradley’s pain, she reached out with her hand across the table and placed it on top of Bradley’s. She gave his larger hand a light, supportive squeeze, as she fought for the right words to say. She let the tears that been threatening to fall, escape her eyes as she glanced up to meet his gaze. Lorna could see the pain she was causing him. But it was not that emotion that had worried her. There was something more there. Something almost dark in Bradley's eyes.
As she studied him, Lorna could see him struggling with the darker emotion that always seemed to be just below the surface, seemed to be struggling with his self-control. She had seen it there, for months now. With every disapproving look or every exasperated sigh, it had grown darker. It was to the point that when Lorna would look at Bradley, it scared her. It was all she could do now, not to shiver from the sensation that his darkness caused. Just thinking about it made her skin crawl. Never in her life had she seen so much hatred and anger in one single look. And now, right at this moment, the evil had intensified, and it was all directed straight at her.
“Bradley, you have no idea how sorry I am. I just feel that if we go through with this wedding, it will be a humongous mistake, for both of us. You know, the last thing I would ever want to do is do something to hurt you. I love you; you know that. But I have come to realize that I’m not in love with you. I just feel we would both regret this if we followed through with our wedding plans. I think we would be better off if we were to stay just friends.”
“You are serious? You're doing this now, right now, Lorna? For almost a year now, Lorna, we've been planning this wedding. And out of the blue, you decide that you are not in love with me? I want to know the truth. I want to know what has brought this on, all the sudden. Have I done something wrong or…wait a minute; there is someone else, isn’t there? That is what this is all about, isn’t it? You’ve met someone else, and now you're kicking me to the curb like some unwanted dog.”
“No Bradley, of course not, you know me better than that. I would never cheat on you, ever. I promise there is no one else. But I just can’t shake this feeling that we are not…right together.”
Lorna knew she could not tell Bradley the truth. How do you tell someone that you agreed to marry, that he creeps you out? She had caught him so many times over the months, staring at her with the cold hard stare of someone…just not right. But what was she supposed to say to Bradley?
“Hey Bradley, over the past six months, I have had a growing feeling that there is something, oh I don’t know, not quite right with you.”
Oh yeah, she knew that would go over like a lead balloon in the middle of the ocean. To say that conversation would be awkward would be a huge understatement. Lorna had so many questions for Bradley, about his ever growing strange behavior.
She wanted to know why he had started leaving their bed and their home in the middle of the night when he thought she was asleep. He would return hours later and go straight to the shower upon his return. Whenever Lorna would question him about his whereabouts, he would make up some lame excuses. There was no way she was buying his excuse of “he couldn’t sleep” or he “went for a drive or a jog.” But over the last few months, his mood swings were what was freaking her out. It was to the point where Lorna felt like she had to walk on eggshells around him so that she would not upset him. She would ask him what was wrong and would get the standard reply of, “stress at work.” She knew, being an attorney could be stressful, but something was off with him.
“Well, up until five minutes ago, I thought we were right for each other, but I guess I was wrong on that account, wasn’t I? The Lorna I met and fell in love with two years ago would have never hurt me like this.”
Bradley’s voice trailed off, and Lorna’s tears started to flow once again, but this time sadness was not the cause. The murderous look that was on Bradley’s face had Lorna fearing for her life. She was thankful she had decided to break off their relationship in public. There was no doubt in Lorna’s mind, now. She knew without a shadow of a doubt that there was something not quite right, about Bradley Brooks. The feeling that Bradley was hiding something from her, something big, overwhelmed her. And right then, she felt fear flood her as she struggled to breathe in a normal manner.
She took a chance and trailed her gaze from looking at Bradley’s face to looking him straight in the eyes. Eyes that were so cold and hard, it reminded her of granite. She had never seen so much hate and rage in someone’s eyes. The force of his dark stare made her sit back in her chair and grab the edge of the table. All she wanted to do, right at this moment, was to run away from him as fast as her feet would carry her. Within moments, a false veil fell over his face, and he gave her a weak smile that did not meet his cold, hard eyes. Lorna could not diminish the fear that was washing over her in waves.
“So, now what do we do about everything? Where do we go from here?”
“I’d planned on bunking at Jackie’s, for right now. It will give me some time to figure out what I want to do with my life and where I want to go from here.”
“So, that’s it? You’re going to pack your things and leave without even trying to work this out. Without giving us another chance, you’re just going to turn your back on us, on me. You’re just going to walk out the door, without looking back?”
“Bradley, it’s not like that. Please, try to understand that I…”
“Oh, I understand, I understand just fine, Lorna!”
With that, Bradley roughly shoved his chair back. Pinned Lorna with his ice cold glare that made her heart stop and her whole body tremble in fear. Taking out his wallet, Bradley threw several bills on the table. Then he tossed several more at Lorna. He reached down and snatched up the two-carat diamond engagement ring she had handed him, earlier and shoved it into his pocket.
“You’ll understand; I just can’t deal with this right now. There is enough money there for you to call a taxi, to take you over to Jackie’s apartment. I would like your things moved out of my home by the end of this weekend. I’ll talk to you later, once I have…once I have had time to calm down. Goodnight Lorna.”
With that, Bradley turned, back stiff with what could only be described as controlled fury and stormed away from her table.
“Please, Bradley don’t…”
Bradley turned on his heels and growled out his response towards her, between clenched jaws.
“Not another word Lorna, not another word!”
With that, he turned and stormed out of the restaurant. She watched him through the window, as he walked along the sidewalk, heading for his BMW, parked out in front of Delmonico’s.
It took several long minutes for Lorna to finally calm down her nerves, after Bradley’s angry and abrupt departure. Lorna knew that Bradley had every right to feel hurt. And he was more than entitled to his anger, as well. But she just could not shake the bad feeling that there was something more to it. All those little subtle changes that Lorna had noticed over the last six months. They had started to add up in her mind.
Retrieving her cell phone from her handbag, Lorna pushed speed dial. Within moments, a familiar voice answered the phone. She listened to the reassuring voice on the other end of the line. The sound of her BFF’s voice was an emotional life raft in the rough ocean waters that had become her life, over the last half hour.
“Hey Lorna, how did it go? Was it bad? Do you need a ride?”
“Oh Jack, It was just awful and yes and yes.”
“Are you at Delmonico’s?”
“Yes. Oh, Jackie, I have never seen him so…so angry, furious even. He looked like it was all he could do, not to throttle me right here in the restaurant. I have never been so scared.”
“Hang in there, Kiddo. I’ll be there in about twenty minutes, give or take for traffic. Why don’t you say “screw it” with the calories and have a piece of their New York-style cheesecake? It has that oh-so- yummy, cherry and brandy sauce on top. That should give you a little comfort until I get there.”
“Umm, that does sound good and as bad as I feel right now, I know you’re right, that will make me feel better. Even if it is just for a little while.”
“See, I knew it. Okay, Lorna, I’ll see you in a few.”
“Okay, see you in a few.”
With that, Lorna disconnected the call and put her cell phone back in her purse, before flagging down her waiter. Now, all she could do for the next twenty minutes was drown her guilt and fears in a big thick slice of creamy sweet comfort. Then she would try to figure out where she was going to go from here.


~*~ Chapter 2 ~*~


Bright light streamed in through the blinds, of an unfamiliar window. Lorna, blinked her eyes, trying to get her bearings of where she was. Finally, the fog of sleep started to vacate her brain. All too soon, the memories from last night’s nightmare of an evening came flooding through her mind. Slamming her eyelids shut, she did her utmost best to block out the painful glare of those memories and the bright light of the day.
Pulling the pillow over her eyes, she settled down in the unfamiliar bed. Within moments, her memory started to clear. Soon, she realized she was staying with her best friend, Jackie’s. She also struggled with the sharp piercing pain of reality, as all the pieces of last night fell into place. She had finally done it. She had finally ended her relationship with Bradley. The sense of guilt, laced with sadness washed over her, as she thought about the look of pain and hurt on Bradley’s face, the previous night. But soon, those feelings changed to an overwhelming sense of relief. She was finally free.
Lorna pulled out her journal and started writing. In great detail, she wrote about everything that had transpired with Bradley, last night. For the last six months, she had written down every little detail, of their relationship. After she had written the last word of her thoughts in the leather bound book, she closed it and sighed. Walking back over to the bed, she curled up underneath the heavy comforter.
A sharp, rapping knock sounded on the door. The unexpected noise made Lorna almost jump out of her skin, with fright. Her heart pounded as she to untangled herself from the comforter and made her way across the hardwood floor. She grumbled to herself as she yanked open the bedroom door.
The sight that greeted her on the other side of the door had to have been a gift from heaven. She smiled at her best friend, as Jackie held out a steaming cup of the only thing that would get her through this day.
“I thought you could use this.”
“Oh Jack, you are such a lifesaver. What would I do without you?”
“You would never be able to function out in the real world, Sweetie. You know that. Why don’t you come into the kitchen with me? I just cubed up a cantaloupe and added some grapes to go along with it, for breakfast. I figured you might want something a little lighter and healthier this morning.  You did over indulgence with that to-die-for cheesecake, last night.”
“Jackie, you read my mind, thank you. Give me a second to grab a bathrobe.”
Turning back towards the bedroom, Lorna picked up Jackie’s extra bathrobe off the chair in the corner of the room. Slipping the bathrobe on, she walked to the dresser and retrieved her cell phone and booted it up.
At the doorway, she took the pre-offered mug of coffee, that Jackie’s held out for her and inhaled its deep rich aroma. The steamy comforting scent calmed her ragged nerves and put a huge smile on her face.
Lorna followed Jackie out of the spare bedroom and down the hall. Once they were in the kitchen, Jackie turned toward the counter where she had a small TV sitting. In a few seconds, the sound of the local news filled the kitchen.
As Lorna pulled out one of the two chairs at the small kitchen table, she glanced at the small TV. Jackie sat her bowl of fruit down in front of her, along with a fork. As Lorna was just starting to lift her mug of coffee to her lips, a breaking news story appeared on the TV. The scene turned from the news anchors in the studio to a live news conference.
The man behind the podium started speaking to the TV audience. There was another gentleman, with Sandy blonde hair who stood behind him and off to the side of the speaker. The speaker at the podium introduced himself as the captain of the SVU division of the Seattle Police Department. He stood there with a sober expression, as he gave everyone the breaking news. He informed all the viewers that there had been, yet another rape in Seattle last night. The victim was found in the Pike Street Market area, early this morning. The victim as of now had yet to be ID'd. But she was in the CCU of Harbor view Medical Center. Because of the nature of her injuries, doctors are unsure if she will regain consciousness. The Captain continued to explain that the FBI had joined forces with Seattle Police Department. It was their combined goal to track down and bring to justice the serial rapist that was walking the streets of Seattle. The rapist was not only plaguing the streets of Seattle but has also been linked to at least one rape and assault, in Oregon, as well.
Jackie reached over and turned off the TV.
“What is happening to this city? I swear, Jackie, it’s to the point, I’m afraid to go out at night.”
“I know what you mean. They need to catch this creep before anyone else gets hurt."
"Without a doubt."
"So girlfriend, what are your plans for the day?”
Just then, Lorna turned towards her cell phone, as it vibrated next to her hand as it alert her of an incoming call. Bradley’s name appeared in the caller ID; Lorna ignored it and proceeded to answer Jackie’s question.
“Well. I was planning on going to the U-Haul dealer and renting a truck. I don’t have that much over at Bradley’s; just my clothes, personal items and some small pieces of furniture. Everything else I own is in my storage unit. You know how Bradley was. If it wasn’t modern, he didn’t want it in his home. So, since most of my furniture is family heirlooms, I had to put them all in storage because I could not bear to part with any of them.”
“Well Sweetie, I‘m off work today, so whatever help you need, I’m your man, so to speak.”
“Great, thanks. I would appreciate any help I can get. I am hoping it won’t take us too long. I’m not looking forward to dealing with Bradley for any length of time.”
Lorna was just tipping her mug of coffee up to her lips when her phone vibrated again. This time, her phone alerted her of a new voice mail. Figuring she better see what he wanted, she ran her finger over the touchscreen and entered her voice mail. Within a few seconds, her new voice mail message started to play. As she listened to a lengthy message, she stared at her friend in stunned silence.
“Lorna, what’s wrong? Who’s the voice mail from?”
Lorna was silent for several moments before she could even reply.
“It’s from Bradley. I swear that man runs hot and cold more than a woman with PMS and menopause combined.”
“Why? What did he say? Is he trying to cause you trouble or something?”
Lorna just shook her head and handed the cell phone to Jackie. Jackie pushed the button, and the message began to play. Lorna watched her best friend stand in front of her with her mouth hanging open. A mixture of amazement and confusion clouded her face, as she listened to the voice mail that Bradley’s had left.

“Sweetheart, I can’t tell you how sorry I am for my behavior last night. It was unforgivable for me to walk out on you like that, and I hope with all my heart that you made it safely to Jackie’s apartment last night.
Something has come up, and I have to go out of town this weekend for work and won’t be back until late Sunday night. So you won’t have to worry about dealing with me when you come by to gather your belongings. When you're finished moving, you can just mail me your key at your convenience.
Also on the small table in the foyer is an envelope. It contains the tickets for a trip to Hawaii that would have been our honeymoon. I want you to have them, so I transferred my ticket into Jackie’s name. That way you won’t have to take the trip all by yourself, and I know you will be safe.
Please enjoy your time in Hawaii. And once again, I can’t tell you enough of how sorry I am that things did not work out between us. I wish you much success in your life and writing career. Know that I’ll always love you.”

Jackie looked across the table at Lorna. Confusion wrote on her face, as she handed the cell phone back to her friend.
“I….I don’t know what to say to that, Lorna.”
I do, Jack.
“And what’s that?”
“Mahalo, Bradley. And Aloha, Hawaii!”
They both burst out in a round of laughter. Soon the topic of conversation changed. It went from Lorna moving out of Bradley’s home to Jackie taking vacation time off at the doctor’s office where she was employed. As far as they were both concerned, the two months before they could leave on September 1st could not pass fast enough for either one of them.


~*~ Chapter 3 ~*~


Lorna glanced at the seat to her left. Her best friend and vacation buddy sat with her ear buds in, listening to her MP3. Her head of short black hair, cut in a pixie style, bobbed in time to her music as she listened along. Jackie was oblivious to whatever was happening around her. The music that was so loud, Lorna could hear it, even over the constant humming of the airplane. 
Taking a deep breath, Lorna felt for the first time in months; she could finally relax. Even after she had sent Bradley packing, so to speak, she still felt uncomfortable and ill at ease. She had never been so relieved in her life to be away from Seattle.
To say that things were getting weird in her life would have been a huge understatement. Every time Lorna left Jackie’s apartment, her skin would crawl from the sensation of someone watching her. She did her best to check out her surroundings where ever she went. It should have put her mind at ease, not seeing anyone lurking about, or following her. But it didn’t. In fact, it made her more nervous.
Over the last week, the sensation had intensified to the point where, she had not left the apartment, but twice. And that was only to pick up last minute items for her trip and two cans of pepper spray. They were the type that hung from your key chain. Since they hadn’t caught the serial rapist that roaming the streets of Seattle, she purchased one for Jackie and one for herself. Single women can never be too careful.
The stewardess stopped by their first-class seats once again. She topped off Lorna’s champagne flute. Lorna was thankful that Bradley had purchased first-class tickets for their honeymoon. But at this rate, by the time they landed in four hours, the stewardess' were going to have to pour her out of the airplane. She needed to get some real food in her stomach or she would be in some serious trouble.
Relaxing back in her soft and comfortable seat, Lorna placed her earbuds into her ears and turned her MP3. Closing her eyes, she settled back into her seat for the remaining four hours, of the five and a half hour flight. Soon, she would be starting her two-week vacation in a tropical paradise.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

It seemed like Lorna had just closed her eyes, when she felt a hand repeatedly tapping her shoulder. Groggy, she opened her eyes and met Jackie’s excited gaze. She could see Jackie’s lips moving but couldn’t hear a word her friend was saying. Then it dawned on her that she still had her earbuds in her ears, and she quickly removed them.
“It’s about time you woke up. Lorna, you need to put your tray up. We’ll be landing in about fifteen minutes. Oh, Lorna, I’m so excited. I have never been to Hawaii, and I have had my face plastered to the window just like one of those Garfield cats, taking in all the sights. You missed it all because you passed out. Should I even mention the fact you were snoring and drooling all over yourself, by the way? Sweetie, I thought you would be more excited about this.”
“First Jack, slow down. Did I miss an espresso stop, somewhere? Second, the stewardess kept refilling my champagne flute. The next thing I know, I wake up to a best friend who has turned into a jibber jabber doll, you know, like the one I use to have when we were kids. And third, I did not drool on my…awww crap, do you have a tissue in your bag? Why didn’t you wake me up, so I didn’t look like some idiot, drooling all over myself and this cute tank top?”
Just then, the stewardess leaned over her to speak to Jackie, and her eyes went straight to Lorna’s drool soaked shoulder.
Wonderful!
“Excuse me, Miss. Did you have the two forms filled out yet? We’ll be landing soon.”
Lorna watched Jackie pull two pieces of paper out of the slot in the back of the seat in front of her. Then she handed them both to the stewardess.
“Thank you. And Miss, can I get you a warm towel before we land, so you can umm….
She glanced at my wet shoulder.
“So you can, freshen up?”
Turning in her seat, Lorna gave Jackie a put-upon look.
“You know what, Jack? This humiliating flight can’t end soon enough for me.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

As soon as Lorna stepped out into the breezeway of Honolulu terminals, her senses went on high alert. To her right was a beautiful Zen garden, with a small koi pond and a small stream that wound its way through the garden.
Tropical flowers bloomed throughout the whole garden. The green lush plants had accented by splashes of red, yellow and a rainbow of other colors. The humid air held a light fragrance of hibiscus and other tropical blooms. Lorna was on sensory overload, as she tried to take everything in, all at once. But she did her best to control the need to stop and check everything out. As she allowed Jackie to pull her through the airport to the baggage claim area.
The humidity, although not as bad as she had anticipated, was enough to cause her hair to stick to the back of her neck.
Note to self, keep your hair pulled back in a ponytail for the rest of the trip.
By the time Lorna and Jackie had arrived at the Waikiki Hilton, an hour later, all Lorna had wanted to do was take a long hot shower. She needed to wash off the last six hours’ worth of airplane germs. Not to mention, drool and the sweat from the unfamiliar humidity of a tropical island.
When they checked in, Lorna had discovered that Bradley had changed the hotel reservations. The honeymoon suite was now a pair of rooms, with a connecting door. They were on the fourteenth floor with a connecting balcony. The view of Waikiki beach and the aqua blue waters of the Pacific Ocean were breathtaking.
As soon as she stepped into her room, she made a beeline straight for the air conditioner and cranked it down as low as it would go. A sigh of relief passed her lips, as the ice cold air bombarded her overheated skin.
“Hey sweetie, are you going to go downstairs with me, for dinner? That super cute guy, Jamie, you know the one that sat right in front of you, on the plane. He’s staying in a hotel a few blocks away. I was bored while you slept and drooled all over yourself. Jamie and I started talking, and we hit it off, so he said he would meet us downstairs at the restaurant at seven o’clock.”
“Yeah, sure. Sounds good. That is if I don’t melt from this humidity first, but I guess it’s not as bad as when I went with my family for summer vacation to Florida. Remember, my freshman year of high school, when we went to Disneyworld. I have never been so miserable in my life. Give me a half an hour to cool down and shower off all this travel grime and we can head on down to the restaurant.”
After standing in front of the air conditioner for another five minutes. Finally, Lorna cooled down her body enough; she made her way to the bathroom for a quick shower. Stepping out of the shower, Lorna dressed in a bright pink, gauzy, cotton sundress. She slipped on her gold flip flops, her favorites. Clear crystal rhinestones, in a floral pattern, accented the center of the top of each sandal.
Lorna knew make-up would have to be a bare minimum. She would just sweat off any foundation or blush. So she only applied a little mascara and lips gloss. Then clipped her long blonde hair up, so it sat on top of her head. Thankful for the fact that it would be off the back of her neck.
Picking up her purse, from the foot of her queen-sized bed, she disconnected her cell phone from its charger. One last look in the mirror that hung above the dresser, before she walked through the connecting door that lead to Jackie’s room.
“Hey, don’t you look cute and I have to say, much cooler as well. You ready to go down for dinner?”
Lorna was as ready as she was ever going to be for her first outing in this beautiful, but a little on the humid side, tropical paradise.
“Yes, let’s go see what this gorgeous island has to offer.”
As they stepped out into the hallway, a ping sounded from Lorna’s cell phone. She pulled it out of her purse and retrieved the new message. A strange feeling washed over her, as the hair on the back of her neck stood up.

Sweetheart,
I hope you’re enjoying yourself in Hawaii. Have a wonderful dinner.
All my love
Bradley

Okay, how the hell did he know I was about ready to go to dinner?
Lorna turned in a slow circle, as she scanned her surroundings. That drew a look from Jackie. She thought her best friend was losing her mind.


~*~ Chapter 4 ~*~


“Calm down, Lorna. I’m telling you; you’re making way too much of this. Bradley knows there is a three hours difference between Seattle and Honolulu. He most likely he figured you would be eating dinner soon, is all.”
Jackie and Lorna stepped onto the elevator, and Jackie reached out and pushed the button for the lobby. Within a few moments, the doors slid closed, and the elevator started to make its way down to the ground floor. Lorna watched in silence as the numbers of the floors, started to fly by. Finally taking a deep breath, she answered her best friend.
“I guess you’re right. It just caught me off guard and freaked me out a little, when I read the text message. No, no you’re right. I’m blowing this all way out of proportion. We are here to relax, so I guess I should start learning how.”
“That’s the spirit. Come on, I’m starving, and I think you could use a nice big fruity drink, it will help you relax. Remember sweetie, we are in Hawaii, on vacation. It doesn’t get much better than that.”
The elevator stopped, and when the door opened, they both stepped out into a large lobby. Jackie looked around and spotted the restaurant to their right. 
“A big fruity drink, is just what I need, Jack. You know me so well, lead the way, my friend.”
Jackie took Lorna’s arm and headed them towards the entrance of the restaurant. Jackie and Lorna stepped up to the hostess station. A beautiful, young Hawaiian woman, whose name tag read Malana, greeted them. Malana gave them both a huge, warm and welcoming smile and then escorted them to their table, near the back of the restaurant.
Before being seated, Jackie mentioned to Malana, that they were expecting one more person in their party in about ten minutes. Malana jotted down Jamie’s name, then said she would notify our waiter, Mako that there would be three of us in our party.
When Mako arrived at the table, a few moments later, Lorna could not stop herself from staring at him. At six foot tall and built like a well-toned football player, Mako could have easily passed for “The Rock” Dewayne Johnson’s younger brother. He wore his black hair cut short and his warm brown eyes and light brown skin, made Lorna want to melt into a big puddle of goo. But it was when he smiled at her and began to speak, that she thought she might swoon, like some type of Victorian romance novel’s heroine.
“Good evening ladies. My name is Mako, and I’ll be your waiter for the evening. Would you two beautiful ladies care for something to drink, before your other party member arrives?”
“Hi, I’m Jackie and the woman staring at you with her mouth hanging open, this is my best friend, Lorna. And yes, I think I’ll have a screwdriver, Lorna, what would you like?
“Huh? What?”
Lorna felt her face heat up, as Mako turned his full attention on her. He had a gorgeous smile, the sexiest she had ever seen on a man. Finally, her friend’s words finally soaked into her lust filled brain. She knew, by the way, Mako was biting his bottom lip; he was trying not to laugh.
Oh, umm, I’ll have a Bahama Mama, please.”
“Okay ladies, I’ll be right back with your drinks.”
As Mako stepped away from their table, Lorna picked up the menu that Mako had handed her and pretended to study it.
Jackie gave Lorna a confused look, as she watched her friend. There was no getting anything over on Jackie. She knew her friend was pretending to study the food choices in front.
“Okay sweetie, what has gotten you so distracted? And nervous? Please, tell me you are not still upset about that silly text message. And whatever you do, don’t tell me it's nothing. I can read you like a book, you know. So, spill it.”
Lorna knew that Jackie would see through anything she said that was not the truth. But the last thing she wanted to do was tell Jackie she thought their waiter, Mako, was the hottest guy she had ever seen. And for darn sure, she was not going to mention that when he had smiled at her, she lost the ability to think. Jackie could be the world’s biggest matchmaker, given half a chance. And there was no doubt she would try and fix Lorna up with the gorgeous waiter. The look on her best friends’ face told Lorna that she was starting to get impatient, waiting for her answer.
“It’s our waiter, Mako. He is just so…so…”
But before Lorna could finish her sentence, Malana escorted a handsome blonde haired man to their table. Jackie’s face lit up like she had just won the lottery when she saw him. Jackie stood up and gave the man, whom Lorna assumed was Jamie, a welcoming hug. Then she turned him in Lorna’s direction to make the introductions.
“Jamie, this is my best friend, Lorna Hamlin. Lorna, this is the gentleman I was telling you about that I met on the plane, Jamie Samuels.
Jamie extended his hand, and Lorna shook it. Lorna had to admit, Jamie Samuels was good looking, in that international playboy sort of way. But she could not shake the feeling she had seen him somewhere before. He looked familiar, but she just could not put her finger on where or when, she had seen him. Yes, she knew he had been sitting right in front of her, for almost six hours on the flight here. But that was not it.
“Do I know you from somewhere? You look so familiar, but I just can’t put my finger on where we’ve met.”
“I don’t think so. Do you get to Everett, much? That’s where I’m from.”
“Uh, no, maybe you look like someone I know. Maybe that's it?”
“That’s a good possibility. You know they say, everyone has a twin that looks just like them, running around somewhere in the world.”
Lorna couldn’t help but think that, no, that were not it. She had seen this guy before and for some reason, the name Jamie just wasn’t not ringing any bells?
Jamie took the seat next to Jackie, and they sat and chatted to each other for a few minutes. Lorna blocked out their discussion, as she turned over in her mind where she knew Jamie from. Nothing but a huge question mark came to her for all her effort.
“Lorna, did you hear what I said? Jamie has a rental car and has invited us to go snorkeling with him, Tuesday. Didn’t you say to me a few days ago, that you wanted to learn how to snorkel?”
“Oh yeah, that sounds great. Thank you.”
Jackie gave Lorna her biggest and brightest smile, then turned its full wattage towards Jamie. It was clear in Lorna’s mind that Jackie was quite smitten with the handsome Mr. Samuels.
“Lorna and I were planning on going on a tour of the Dole Pineapple plantation tomorrow. Maybe if I bat my eyelashes at you, you’ll join us for the day. I overheard some people at the airport saying, they have the best pineapple ice cream in the world. What do you say, handsome?”
Lorna had to roll her eyes as she listened to her best friend laying it on a little too thick with the flirting. 
“Oh, that sounds like fun. But only if it’s alright with Lorna. I don't want to intrude on your day. And I insist you allow me to drive us all there.”
Jackie gave Lorna a please look, as she silently begged her best friend. Lorna had to bite her bottom lip, to stop the giggle that was threatening to escape. She watched Jackie almost bounce in her seat with excitement.
“Of course it is alright. The more, the merrier, as the saying goes. And thank you, for playing chauffeur for us.”
The rest of the dinner was quiet, as Lorna sat lost in her thoughts over their sexy waiter. He had stopped by the table several times, during the meal. She also thought over the puzzle of where she had seen Jamie Samuels before.
All through the meal, Lorna felt like shaking her head at how outrageous Jackie's flirting had now become. Lorna had to admit, though, Jamie seemed pretty taken with Jackie, as well. By the time eight o'clock had rolled around, Lorna was dead tired. Jamie and Jackie had decided they wanted to head out to a local club, a few blocks away from the hotel. They had asked Lorna to join them, but Lorna said she would have to take a rain check.
Mako walked back over to the table and dropped off the check. He looked straight at Lorna when he asked if there was anything else they needed. She felt her cheeks flood with heat, at his question. But if she had said yes to him, she would not have been speaking about food. Jackie answered for three of them and told him they were all set. Much to Lorna’s disappointment, he bid everyone a good night. But Lorna could not miss the warm, almost flirtatious smile he aimed in her direction, before stepping away from their table.
Jamie had insisted on picking up the tab for dinner, and he told Lorna that he would not take no for an answer. Once the three of them were back in the lobby, Jamie informed her that he would be picking them up tomorrow morning, around eleven o'clock. Jackie leaned forward and gave her friend a hug and informed her that she needed to get plenty of rest. They had a busy two weeks ahead of them to enjoy. Lorna said good night to the both of them and watched the couple walked out the large double doors of the hotel.
Lorna couldn’t help but wonder if she were going to need a vacation after she got back from her vacation. It seemed that would be the only way she was going to get a chance to relax and sleep in. 
Turning towards the bank of elevators and making her way back up to the fourteenth floor and her room. It had been a long day, to the extreme. And between all the champagne on the plane and the two Bahama Mamas at dinner, Lorna’s bed was screaming her name…loudly. And if Jackie had anything to do with it, tomorrow was just the beginning of a busy and tiring two weeks. Lorna just hoped that she’d have another chance to see Mako again before they left to go back to Seattle.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Once Lorna’s head had hit the ultra-comfy pillow, she was out like a light. Sometime during the night, the temperature outside must have dropped. The lower temperatures combined with the fact that Lorna had forgotten to adjust the thermostat on the air conditioner, the next morning she was a human Popsicle. Lorna woke up the next morning, curled up in the fetal position huddled under the comforter, like a cocoon. Opening one eye, and then the other, soon Lorna knew how Dorothy must have felt when she landed in Oz. Sliding out of the oh so warm bed, she walked over to the air conditioner thermostat and raised the setting. Then made her way to the sliding glass door that lead to the balcony. Pulling the curtains back, she exposed the most spectacular view she had ever seen in her life. Oh yeah, she knew this scene was going into her next book. She stood there for several minutes, just savoring the million dollar view of Waikiki beach and the Pacific Ocean. The color of the water was nothing like she had seen before, ranging from a beautiful aqua blue-green to almost a Royal blue. This place was nothing, if not breathtaking.
“Well Lorna, I guess you are not in Seattle anymore.”
She couldn’t stop the girlish giggle that escaped her lips. Walking back into her room, she stepped over to where the dresser sat against the far connecting wall, to Jackie’s room. Opening up the top drawer, she pulled out a clean pair of pink yoga Capri’s and a matching bright pink tank top. She had planned on wearing a sundress, to the Dole Plantation today. But after Mako had overheard them talking about their excursion they were taking today, he had mentioned that it can get rather windy up in the North Shore area. So Lorna decided to play it safe and not give all the tourists visiting the Dole Plantation, a Lorna peep show. She would have plenty of occasions to wear her dresses while she was here.
After a quick shower, Lorna dressed and braided her hair into a French braid. After applying just a light touch of mascara, lip balm, she gave herself a quick spray of sunscreen SPF 45, because freckled people couldn’t be too careful with the sun.
Stepping over to the connecting door to Jackie’s room, she was all prepared to knock on the door, when it burst open on its own. She was greeted with Jackie’s ever smiling face as she greeted her BFF.
“It’s a beautiful morning, isn’t it? I can’t wait to start seeing some of the sights that Oahu has to offer us.”
“Correction. It will be a beautiful morning as soon as I have consumed my first cup of coffee.”
Lorna had watched her over cheerful BFF for a few heartbeats before suspicion took a hold in her brain.
“What has got you in such a good mood this morning and please don’t tell me that you slept with Jamie, last night. Jack? You don’t know a thing about him, other than he is gorgeous and how great the man looks in a pair of Dockers.”
“No…of course I didn’t sleep with him. But I have to say, the thought kept crossing my mind the whole time we were out dancing. I like him, Lorna. To be honest, I like him a lot.”
“Jack, please be careful. You know nothing about him. You can’t even tell me what he does for a living, can you? Jack, he could have a wife and half a dozen kids sitting at home, waiting for their daddy to return. Most likely they think daddy has gone on some business trip. For all, you know he could have come to Oahu for a little holiday romance or fling. I would hate to see you get your heart broken by some player just looking for a good time. Okay?”
Lorna watched as some of the sunshine in her friend's smile, faded. She felt bad to be a rain cloud on Jackie's good mood parade. But someone had to keep their head and have rational thoughts, about Jamie. Something was just off and until she figured out where she had seen Jamie before, it would continue to bother her. She thought it over all through dinner and came up empty on an answer to that question.
"Yeah, I promise, I’ll be careful. But, I do know one important thing about him."
“What’s that?”
Lorna hoped that maybe this would help her figure out where she had seen him before.
“He can kiss, like nobody’s business.”
Well, hell, that’s no help. No, help at all in solving the mystery surrounding Jamie Samuels.
Lorna frowned at her friend.
“Come on Lorna, I’m starving. Let’s go down and eat breakfast before Jaime gets here. I know you have got to be dying for a cup of coffee. Not to mention, stealing another peek at that sexy waiter, you were drooling over all night during dinner.”
“Oh yeah, you’re one to talk, Jack. Miss Bat-her-eyelashes at everything he said. You were completely shameless last night. You know that? And yes, I’m in dire need of a caffeine boost that’s for sure.”
Also, if she were honest with herself, seeing Mako again would definitely brighten her day, as well. 
Lorna turned and picked up her room’s key card, small backpack purse, and her camera. Then she followed her best friend out the door for their adventures of the day.


~*~ Chapter 5 ~*~


The humidity wasn’t so bad today. Maybe because she wasn’t half drunk on champagne, today.
The two of them stood out on the sidewalk of the Hilton, waiting for Jamie’s arrival. They watched tourists traveling down the sidewalk, some heading towards Waikiki beach, others the International market. They all seemed focused on their destination as they enjoy the perfect Hawaiian weather.
At the restaurant, Lorna had been more than a little disappointed with the fact that Mako had not been working the morning shift. But then again, what had she expected? She knew he had just worked the closing shift the night before.
Jackie’s loud squeal of excitement was her first clue that Jamie’s had arrived. The following quick horn beeps told Lorna; he had spotted them, as well. Well, he had spotted Jackie, at least.
Jamie pulled his rental car into the loading and unloading zone right in front of them. Jackie, in her excitement literally, jumped into the front passenger seat. She screamed “shotgun” at the top of her lungs as she made a graceful dive into the car. Lorna had to roll her eyes at her friend’s reaction. Lorna, on the other hand, entered the back seat at a more mature speed. She chose a seat right behind Jackie.
Lorna focused her eyes out the passenger window. She did her best to pretend boredom as Jamie greeted Jackie with a good morning kiss. Once the couples’ lengthy greeting was over, Jamie pulled the car out into the busy downtown traffic. 
Jamie headed for highway H1 heading west until they connected with highway H2. The total drive took about forty-five minutes. Most of the conversation was between the couple in the front seat of the car. From what Lorna could hear of their discussion, Jackie was planning out the next few days of activities for the three of them. An Occasional question was directed her way and she would give her friend simple one or two-word answers. But in truth, Lorna spent most of the trip wishing her sexy waiter was sitting right next to her. She knew she was acting foolish. She didn’t even know the first thing about the man, except for his first name. She was acting like some love sick a teenager. For all she knew, he could be married or in a relationship. Just the thought of him being with another woman made her heart ache. But she couldn’t stop herself from thinking about him. From the first moment he had smiled at her, she had been a complete goner. 
Today, she felt like a third wheel to the couple in the front seat of the car. She only hoped they would get to their destination soon.
Off to the right, Lorna soon spotted pineapple fields. They were on both sides of the road, as far as the eye could see. She knew they must be getting close to their destination of the Dole plantation. 
On the right side of the road, a large parking lot and buildings came into view. Within a few moments, Jamie was pulling the car off the road and into the crowded parking lot. He chose the first available parking spot and shut off the car.
As soon Lorna stepped out of the car, the normal floral scented Hawaiian air had changed. The scent of pineapple filled her senses and made her mouth start to water for a bite of the sweet, tasty treat.
After locking the car, the trio made their way the steps that lead to a large wrap around porch. Stepping into the entryway of the gift shop, Lorna stopped for a moment, just to take in her surroundings. She was now on Pineapple overload. She had no idea you could make this many different things out of pineapple and tropical fruits. Pineapple hot sauce, barbecue sauce, jams and jellies and everything else you could think of. As she made her way deeper in the building, towards the back, she spotted dozens of vendors. They sold every Hawaiian souvenir; a person could imagine. And let’s not forget the hundreds and hundreds of fresh pineapples available for the tourists to buy or have shipped back home.
More tourist started to enter the building, and it quickly began to get overcrowded with visitors. As a group, the three of them stepped outside, onto a large lanai, which the gift shop used as an eating area. Breaking off from the crowd, they followed the signs towards the Dole Plantation gardens and the ticket booth. Jamie walked over and purchased the tickets for the tour of the large garden and the train ride tour through the plantation. Lorna had to laugh, as she thought of seeing the elusive wild pineapple, in natural habitat.
With the camera in hand, Lorna followed Jamie and Jackie, as they followed the path that lead to the garden. Breathtaking didn’t even come close to describing the sight she witnesses. Tropical flowers and lush plants were everywhere. There were hibiscus’s so large; they were the size of a dinner plate. They were in every color a person could imagine. Strange looking trees and tropical plants lined the gravel path as it wound its way around and through the expansive garden and Koi pond. 
Half an hour later, Lorna put her camera back in her backpack. They strolled their way over to the cutest little train station; she had ever seen. They took a seat on the bench and waited for the next train. When the train arrived, and tourist had disembarked, they stood and walked over to a small red train.
Before boarding, passengers were stopped and had their picture taken next to the train. They held a pineapple, to commemorate their visit to the plantation.
The employee motioned that it was their turn and Lorna, and Jackie walked forward. Jamie stayed back and didn’t budge. Jackie gave him a puzzled look and questioned him.
“Jamie, come and get in the photo with us.”
“Babe, this is your vacation. You don’t want me in all the photographs. Go ahead, have a picture taken with just the two of you. We’ll have plenty of opportunities in the next few days for pictures of all three of us, together.”
It was clear that Jackie didn’t like Jamie's answer about not being in the photo, but she didn’t say anything more about it. Lorna knew that was a first for Jackie, who told her right then and there, her best friend was head over heels for Jamie Samuels.
The rest of the day at the plantation flew by. After the three of them had finished the train ride, they visited the huge Koi pond, tucked in the far corner of the plantation. Then it was time to cool off. They made their way to the refreshment stand for a treat of pineapple ice cream. Four hours later, with their minds in pineapple overload, they made their way back out to the car. 
Lorna knew her imagination must be working overtime. Because to her, Jamie, over the last few hours, seemed to have gone out of his way to having a variety of photographs taken with Jackie. Maybe it was to appease Jackie’s hurt feelings over his earlier refusal or maybe it was something more.
Or maybe Lorna, you are just jealous that Jackie has found someone, and you be searching for any excuse to dislike this man. Could it be the writer in her that was trying to make more out of this, than what was actually there? That had to be it. She was letting her imagination run wild with the idea of some great mystery.
But the tingling on the back of her neck told her that there was definitely something up, if not with Jamie, then who?


~*~ Chapter 6 ~*~


Labor Day morning, bright and early, annoying pounding on the adjoining door between Jackie and her own room, jarred her awake. Stumbling out of bed, Lorna stumbled over to the door and yanked it open. With hands on her hips, she gave her friend, her best angry glare. Jackie chose to ignore, Lorna’s irritation.
“Jackie Olsen, do you know what time it is? I was sleeping, you know.”
“Oh, come on, sunshine. We’re in Hawaii. You can sleep when we get back to Seattle. Come on sleepy head, you are wasting all this beautiful sunshine, by lying around in bed all day. Remember, today is International Market Day! And you know what that mean… SHOPPING! So come one and get around. I’m dying some of those gorgeous floral printed dresses and a few shirts today that I keep seeing everyone wearing. Don’t let me forget, I promised my parents that I would get them something nice. I was thinking a teak wood carving for their den wall or coffee table. What do you think?”
Lorna knew she needed to have a talk with Jackie, about cutting caffeine out of her diet. At least until they got back to Seattle. For now, she’d settled for just holding her hands up in defeat. She knew there was no winning when Jackie was in shopping mode.
“Okay, okay, okay, give me twenty minutes to shower and change.”
“You’ve got fifteen, so I would hurry if I were you.”
“Yes, ma'am.”
Lorna shot her friend an over the top military salute and turned on her heels in the direction of the bathroom.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Sixteen minutes later, Lorna stood in front of a large mirror, above the dresser. She chose to wear her white linen sundress covered in pink roses, today. She made quick work, braiding her hair. Gathering up everything she would need, she walked over to the adjoining door. But before she had a chance to knock, the door swung open on its own. Jackie greeted her with an impatient look, as she glanced down at her left wrist as if she was wearing a watch.
“I said fifteen minutes, not seventeen, Lorna. You are eating up my shopping time. Let’s go, let’s go. We’re burning daylight, standing here jibber jabbering to each other. We can talk to each other anytime. But this morning, we have better things to do.
With that, Jackie stepped into Lorna’s room, closed her door, and they both made their way out to the hallway.
After two quick cups of coffee and a plate of chunked up local fresh tropical fruit, Lorna followed Jackie out of the hotel. Grabbing Lorna’s hand, Jackie weaved them in and out of foot traffic, on the busy sidewalk and then across the street. Jackie was in full blown shopping mode now, and nothing or no one was going to slow her down. Not even the person she was dragging along behind her. Within a minute or two, they entered the International Market. Let the fun day of shopping begin.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

“Yes, I have been keeping close tabs on her. But I have a feeling she still thinks she knows me from somewhere. I’m sure she has no idea what is going on.”
Jamie listened to the voice on the other end of his cell phone, as the caller gave him more instructions. The caller ended the call, by ordering Jamie to "Do what you need to do, ASAP! Get this matter taken care."
Ending the call, Jamie ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. He had to change out of his workout clothes before he started his next phase of the operation. After showering, he applied the fake mustache to his top lip and then changed into a pair of beach style shorts. A tank top that read "Hawai’i" across the chest, a baseball cap and mirrored sunglasses were the next items he added. As a final touch, he slipped on a pair of beach bum flip flops. Looking in the mirror, he was happy with the "I’m a local" look, he had achieved.
Grabbing his wallet and key card from his nightstand. Jamie slipped out of his room and was soon making his way out of the hotel’s front door. His destination was clear as he walked the single block down the busy street, the International Market. He did his best to blend in with the crowd, already started to form at the entrance. Now, all he had to do for the next few minutes was wait for his target.
He did not have to wait long for his target to appear, only about five minutes. He spotted the pair crossing the street towards him. He had to fight to keep from laughing as he watched Jackie almost drag Lorna across the street towards the International Market. As they passed by him, Jamie held his breath. Neither of the women gave him a second look. The disguise was working great. Either that or Jackie was concentrating so hard on shopping; she was oblivious to anyone around her. And poor Lorna, she looked like she was just trying not to fall in fear that Jackie would just drag her through the market on her face.
Jamie hung back from the duo about ten feet, or so. Jackie made a beeline, straight for the first shop that specialized in Hawaiian style clothing.
It was obvious when it came to shopping, Jackie could be a force of nature. Right now, she was a shopping hurricane, Jackie. She was already standing in the tented shop with several dresses in her hand as she faced off with a woman running the shop. It was clear, she was doing her best to get a lower price on the two Hawaiian print sarong dresses she held in her hand.
Jamie fought with himself, to keep the images of her sexy, petite body, wrapped up in one of those slinky little numbers. Over and over, he had to keep reminding himself that his interest in her was strictly business. Nothing more. He knew he couldn’t afford to get his emotions tangled up with the cute little dark-haired pixie of a woman. Business, this had to stay strictly business, if not, he could wind up in serious trouble or someone would wind up dead. He knew the cost, but that didn’t stop the thoughts of Jackie Olsen traveling through his mind. Since the moment he had first spotted her at the airport in Seattle, she had been on his mind. And then, stupidly he thought if he talked to her and got close, his mission would be easier. What a mess. Yes, he knew he had been playing with fire when he had kissed her that first night. And the dozens of other times since. He just couldn’t stop himself.God, he was in so much trouble when it came to her and his feelings.
Stepping back into the next vendor’s small stand. Jamie pretended interest in all the Hawaiian souvenirs that the vendor had for sale. Jamie nodded his head as if listening to the owner rattle on, as she explained each item in her strong Asian-accented voice. All the while, his eyes in his dark mirror tinted sunglasses, never left the sight of Jackie and Lorna, as they continued to shop.
The movement to the left caught Jamie’s attention. He watched a suspicious looking tall man, as he stood in the crowd staring at the two women.  The man had dark hair and was wearing similar sunglasses to his own. With their backs to the stranger, the two women were completely unaware of any danger. They were only aware of the bargains in front of them. Moving slowly, the stranger started to shift closer to the pair.
Jamie made his move and cut the man off before he could reach his targets. Jamie’s arm bumped the man’s arm that held a large tote bag. The bag went tumbling to the ground. Jamie spotted the handle and part of the blade, of a souvenir knife that was lying exposed to his view. The man made a hasty attempt to grab it up before Jamie got a good look at it. 
“Oh dude, sorry. I wasn’t looking where I was going. Let me help you with that.”
When Jamie bent and put the knife back in the tote, then lifted it up to hand it back to the man, the man had simply vanished into thin air. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the only thing that had disappeared in a matter of a few seconds. Jackie and Lorna were gone as well.
Scanning the area, Jamie made his way further into the market, in search of the two wayward women.


~*~ Chapter 7 ~*~


Lorna eyed the beautiful teak wood carving of a dolphin leaping out of the water and turned to show the carving to Jackie. It was obvious that Jackie had become sidetrack by some flashy bobbles, the vendor sold.
“What do you think of this, Jack? You know, I’m surprised Jamie didn’t join us, this morning. What was it you said he was doing today?”
“Oh, I love it, oh look there's a larger one with three dolphins. Mom is into dolphins; she'll love it. You know what; I’m not sure what Jamie's doing today. He said he had business all day. But he did say that he would pick us up about ten o’clock in the morning for snorkeling. He is such a sweetie, don’t you think? He is even renting our gear for us. I’m just not too sure about the place he’s taking us to, to snorkel. The name Shark’s Cove, well, to be honest, kind of scares the crud out of me.”
Jackie handed the woman at the booth the wooden carving of the three dolphins and talked her down from thirty dollars to twenty-five. The woman wrapped the carving in newspaper and placed it in a large plastic shopping bag before handing the bag over to Jackie. Jackie told the friendly woman mahalo and gave her one of her best, sweet and innocent smiles. There was no doubt that Jackie was proud of herself for getting a handle on the local language.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. The thought of being the main course for a great white doesn’t appeal to me either. At least you have less to worry about.”
“What do you mean, by that?”
“Jack, you are only five foot tall, and I’m five foot eight. You would only be a small human-sized appetizer, for any shark cruising around for a meal.”
“Hardy har, har, you are so funny. It’s not my fault you are an amazon warrior princess.”
“Five foot eight is not considered amazon. Oh hey, Jack look at those cute flowers for your hair. This one would go great with that dark pink sarong you just bought. What do you think?”
Jackie took the offered floral hair pin and tucked it in behind her left ear. She had seen a lot of local women wearing them that way, over the last couple of days. She struck a runway model pose for Lorna so her friend could see how it looked on her.
The Hawaiian woman behind the small counter came around to face them. When she spoke, it was with a strong Asian accent.
“Miss, are you married?”
“Umm, no. Why?”
“It is customary for single Hawaiian woman to wear the flowers in their hair, on the right side. If you're married, then it goes on the left. The flower you have in your hair right now is a plumeria blossom. Plumeria is a tree and grows everywhere, on the islands. Around the corner here, I have hibiscus and orchid blossoms, as well. The white of that plumeria you are wearing right now looks nice with your black hair.”
“Oh, that is so cool, isn’t Lorna? I’ll take this one and two more in pink and blue.”
Lorna looked at her Jackie and just shook her head at her friend’s gullibility.
Sucker!
“How about that. Shopping and a Hawaiian history lesson, all rolled into to one, Lorna.”
Jackie paid for her flowers and thanked the woman for her help. She had stashed the small bag into her larger one before they headed back into the stream of shoppers, who were heading further into the market.
As they walked deeper into the market, Lorna’s phone dinged, letting her know she had a new text message. Finding a small corner to get out of the way, of the ever moving crowd, Lorna pulled out her phone and checked her text message. The phone number on the screen was unfamiliar to her. As she brought the message up, her heart almost stopped. Then she began to scan the ever-changing crowd, that surrounded her.
Jackie stared at her friend, as she watched Lorna’s turn ghost white.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
Lorna turned her phone around towards her friend, as she showed her the text message and the attached photo that went along with it.
“Oh my God! How? Who?”
Frantic, now it was Jackie who was scanning the crowd, for whoever had sent a text.
Lorna turned the phone back around and checked her surroundings one more time as fear flooded every inch of her body. Her panicked gaze shot back to her phone, as she stared at the photo of her and Jackie. The photograph was of Jackie standing in front of the last vendor’s booth, striking her pose with the flower in her hair. But what almost made her heart stop beating was the message that was attached to it a photograph.

Lorna, I think one of those flowers would look beautiful on you. Especially as I wrap my hands around your throat and squeeze the life out of your body.

“I don’t understand this, Jack. I…I don’t even know what to do. I have no idea who this is? Or why they would send me this and say those awful…”
Lorna buried her face in her hands, as she began to shake and sob with fear. Jackie took hold of her friend’s arm and steered her in the direction of the food court, off to their right. Sitting her friend down. Jackie walked over and purchased a bottle of water and several napkins from the closest vendors. She rushed back to her friend’s side, as she did her best to calm Lorna.
Once Jackie had calmed Lorna down enough to talk, she told her that they should cancel the rest of the shopping trip. And instead, suggesting they could take a nice calming stroll on the beach and enjoy the sunshine for the next few hours.
Lorna gave her friend a weak nod, and they both stood to leave the International Market. Jackie did her best to weave her and her friend around all the tourists until they came back out on the street, leading to the beach.
As they walked toward Waikiki beach, Jackie tried to play down, what had just happened. But she knew it had Lorna and to be honest, herself a little freaked out. Jackie couldn’t stand to see her best friend scared out of her mind like this. Jackie finally, after several long minutes of silent, came up with a few lame excuses for what had just happened. She only hoped her friend would buy them, but in all honesty, she doubted she would.
As they stepped out on the beach, they both bent down to remove their flip flops and scanned the street behind them. Not seeing anyone following them, they started to make their way down the left side of the beach. Diamond Head sat off in the distance. As they walked along in silence, they could see several people out in the small ocean inlet, sail boarding. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their day on Waikiki.
As they started to walk by the area marked, sail boarding lessons, they noticed a warm and familiar face. He was sitting under a large beach umbrella, waiting for someone to request a lesson.
“Mako, is that you?”
At the sound of Lorna’s voice, Mako lifted his head from the book he’d been reading and smiled at Lorna.
“Good morning ladies. How are you today?”
Jackie shot a look towards Lorna, before turning her attention back to Mako.
“We’ve been better. I thought you just worked at the restaurant. What are you doing out here?”
“Well, up until a few days ago, I had three jobs. But I’m back down to two now. My main job is as a police officer with the Honolulu police department. The sail boarding business is mine, and I only do it on my off time. I’ve had this business down here on Waikiki beach for almost five years, now. 
Lorna could almost see the gears spinning in Jackie’s mind at Mako’s statement that he was a police officer. Before she could stop her, Jackie’s mouth was going.
“Wow, you are one busy guy.”
Yeah, I decided a few years ago, to go back to college. I wanted to get my master’s degree, in criminal justice. So I took the waiter’s job for the summer, to pay for College tuition. It ended a few days ago, the night I met the two of you was my last night. I’m happy to say, I have less than three months to go to get my degree. There was an added bonus to working the waiter gig. I got to meet you two gorgeous ladies. Now enough about me, what seems to have you two beautiful woman so upset on such a gorgeous day.”
“Oh, that is wonderful. Since you’re a police officer, maybe you can help Lorna out with something.”
Jackie turned towards Lorna and held out her hand. Mako noticed that it looked like Lorna wanted to refuse, whatever it was Jackie was asking for. After a few moments, Lorna conceded to Jackie’s request.
“Lorna, it’s okay, Mako is a police officer. Maybe he’ll know what to do. Show him the text message and photo you received.”
Mako noticed the strange look that washed over Lorna’s beautiful face. There was no doubt in his mind that something was scaring her the hell out of her.
Still, somewhat reluctant, Lorna handed her phone over to Jackie. Jackie brought something up on the phone screen and then handed the cell phone over to him. He stared at the screen in disbelief and then looked up at the two women before him.
“Do you recognize this phone number?”
Lorna shook her head no but didn’t utter a single word. It was clear to Mako, she was about ready to lose what little control she had left on her frazzled nerves.
“Well, it’s a local number. From the looks of the prefix, it is a Honolulu cell phone number. My first guess would be that this will turn out to be one of those prepaid cell phone, most likely. Have you given your cell number out to anyone locally since you arrived on the island?”
Lorna chewed at her bottom lip, as she stood thinking over his question. Finally, she spoke.
“No, that’s what’s freaking me out. No one here has my number. Plus they had to be close by, to even take that photograph of me and Jackie. I know the police can’t do anything until this creep does something. I’m scared to death that this guy is still following us around.”
Mako stood up from his beach chair and scanned the crowd of tourists mingling around on the beach. His eyes landed on a rather tall individual, with dark hair wearing dark mirrored sunglasses. The man was standing off to the side, by the beach entrance. Mako made eye contact with him. The stranger's reaction was immediate, as he turned around and walked away at a fast pace. The man was heading back towards the street that connected to the beach. Mako knew that was too much of a coincidence. His gut was telling him that someone had Lorna targeted, for whatever reason. If someone didn’t protect this woman, he knew that this creep would most likely make good on his threat. It didn’t make any sense that he would have gone to this much trouble, just to follow her around and scare her.
Mako went back to his chair and retrieved a scrap of paper and pen. He jotted down the cell phone number that the creep had texted from, and then he also wrote down Lorna’s number, as well. He handed the cell phone back to her and gave her, his best reassuring smile.
“I’m off for the next two days, but I’ll have a buddy of mine look into this and see what he can find out.”
"Thank you, for doing this for me. You have no idea how much I appreciate it."
Lorna could almost see the light bulb appear above Jackie’s head.
“You know, Mako. You're off tomorrow, why don’t you go snorkeling with us. I’m sure Lorna would feel safer with you around since you're a police officer and all. What do you say? Are you in?
Lorna gave her matchmaking friend a I’m going to get you for this, look, which Jackie chose to ignore.
“Jackie, Mako will be down here, giving sailboard lessons. I’m sure he doesn’t want to hang around with a bunch of tourists, like us.”
Mako shocked Lorna with his quick reply.
“I would love to join you. Just tell me the time and place.”


~*~ Chapter 8 ~*~


Before he would allow Lorna and Jackie to leave, Mako made sure that Lorna had his cell phone number programmed into her phone. Also, he left them with strict instructions to be extra cautious where ever they went, from now on. Then he made Lorna promise that if she had any more trouble, she was to call him right away.
All Lorna wanted to do, right then and there was go back to her room and stay there for the next eleven days. 
Once they were off the beach, they headed back in the direction of the hotel. Lorna turned on her best friend, with her best ticked off expression.
“Jackie, I can’t believe you asked Mako to join us. What were you thinking?”
“What was I thinking? Hmm? Oh, that’s easy, I was thinking my best friend needs to get laid that’s what I was thinking.”
“Excuse me!”
“Oh okay, at least you need to get back on the dating horse again. You need to stop sitting around in your sweats all day. All you do is work on your computer. You need to start getting out more and enjoying your life, sweetie. So it didn’t work out with Bradley. There are plenty of other fish in the sea, my friend. And there is a Mako, excuse the pun, with your name on it. You can’t tell me that you aren’t attracted to him because I know you are. All you need to do is say three little words. Thank you, Jackie.”
“Yeah, thank you, Jackie. Thank you for embarrassing me and setting me up on a date with a man I’ll only be able to date for what? Oh yes, less than two weeks. Not to mention, if I try to make a move on Mako, he will think I’m some sort of vacation slut. So yes, thank you so much, Jackie.”
“You're welcome, now come on. I’m starving, and there is that Asian noodle place I heard about at the International Market. I want to try.”
Lorna through her hands up in surrender as she rolled her eyes at her friend’s remarks and just gave up trying to argue. Arguing with Jackie when she got an idea in her head, was a losing battle.
“How can someone so small, eat so much? I'm serious; you weigh what, a hundred pounds soaking wet.”
“Oh hush, you will thank me for this noodle place, and Mako as well, just you wait and see.”
“Yeah, well, the first one, maybe. But the jury is still out on the second one. Let’s just make sure we keep an eye out for anyone acting strange or threatening. I hate being out in the open like this.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako pulled his cell phone out of his tote bag sitting next to his beach chair. He entered Lorna’s cell number into his phone’s contact list. After he had saved, he hit nine on his speed dial. Mako’s best friend from high school and fellow police officer, Nick Akanu, answered on the third ring.
“Mako Kahala, bro, you need to get a life if you are calling my sorry ass, on your days off. What’s up my friend?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, funny Nick. I’m calling to see if you can do me a huge favor. Some jerk is stalking a friend of mine. She has no idea who this guy is. All I have is a cell phone number to go on.”
“Sure, give me the cell phone number and if you can, give me a few hours. I’ll see what I can find out for you. I bet you’re glad that I’m in the tech department now, aren’t you?”
“You have no idea. But I still miss you hanging out in the squad room. I miss you causing me all sorts of embarrassment when you retell the stories of all the stupid things we did in school.”
Nick laughed and wrote down the number when Mako read it off to him. Nick cleared his throat as if struggling with an unasked question.
“Mako, who’s, is this female you’re helping out? Anyone I know? Let me guess, it’s some female that has gotten her claws into you because she has found out who you are and she is looking for a free ride.”
“Nick, it’s nothing like that, okay. Just do me a favor and run the cell number and not your mouth. Give me a call when you have something.”
“Well, aren’t you touchy. Hmm, that must mean she’s special
“Yes, I get touchy about someone threatening anyone in my city, and Nick, thanks for doing this for me. Talk to you soon.”
“Okay and I’ll talk to you in a few hours.”
With that, Mako disconnected the call and gathered his things to leave. He had decided that when he got the information, he would give Lorna a call to update her and see how she was doing after her scare. It was the least he could do for someone in trouble in his city. Just because she was a gorgeous blonde that was sexier than hell, who was he to discriminate.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Lorna sat at the tall bistro table in the corner of the trendy little Asian café. She had agreed to go with Jackie because it was just down the street from her hotel. Now, she was stuck, sitting at the table listening to Jackie talk to Jamie in a sickeningly sweet tone. She tried to block out her best friend’s voice as she tried to enjoy her order of Spam sushi. The sushi was much, to her surprise. It was an over the top sappy conversation that Jackie was having that made her a little queasy.
Much to Lorna's relief, Jackie ended her call and turned her full attention to Lorna. The Jackie and Jamie’s conversation had felt like it had lasted for hours. In actuality, it had been closer to ten minutes, but still it was torture. Lorna figured it had just seemed longer because Mako hadn’t been their waiter, to distract her. 
“Jamie is stuck in a meeting tonight. So, I guess it’s just you and me. He said something had come up earlier today, and he had to try and deal with it. But he’s still going be at our hotel bright and early tomorrow morning. So we need to be ready to go by ten o'clock.”
“Oh fun, snorkeling tomorrow. You know Jackie, I think I might pass on tomorrow. Why don’t you and Jamie go and have a nice day together? You two don’t need me tagging along being a third wheel.”
“Oh no, no, no, my sweet. Have you forgotten that it will be four wheels on our fun bus tomorrow?”
Crap, she had not forgotten, but she was hoping Jackie had.
“I’m sure Mako will be out front waiting for you, oops, I mean waiting for us, as soon as we get down to the lobby.”
“Jackie, you make it seem like he has some interest in me or something. You need to get real, my friend. I mean look at all those string bikini-clad babes on the beach today and look at me. Like you said earlier, I’m an amazon, compared to those tiny, stick figure beach bunnies.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you? Come on Lorna, I saw how he fussed over you at the restaurant, and when he saw you today, his whole face lit up with excitement. You know, it just might be he is not into stick figures type of women and would like to be with a woman with natural curves on her body. I think I know what this is all about. You are afraid that he’ll turn out to be just like Bradley. I’m sorry, but Bradley was creepy, I thought so, from the first time I met him. But Mako, he seems like a real decent guy…so, do me a favor and just give the man a chance. Okay?”
Lorna chewed on her bottom lip as she thought over everything that Jackie had just said. Was that the reason why she was so afraid of jumping back into the dating world? Was she still allowing Bradley to dictate her life? Mako seemed genuine enough. A real all around nice guy. She was only going to be here for another week and a half, would it be so bad to have a little romantic tropical fling?
“Okay Jack, we’ll see how it goes tomorrow with Mako and play it by ear, from there. But I’m not making any promises, just so we are clear on that front.”
“That’s my girl. Eat up, so we can get back to the hotel and catch a movie before we turn in for the night. I’m so excited; we are going to have a blast tomorrow. Just you wait and see.”


~*~ Chapter 9 ~*~


Jamie stared down at his ringing cell phone and rolled his eyes. What in the world could his boss want now, at this hour? Jamie had told him earlier that he was handling this as fast as possible. Pushing the talk button, he answered his call.
Jamie listened to what his boss was telling him. When he ended the call, he let out a string of curses he had been holding in through the whole irritating conversation.
This was just great. He had just got back to his hotel, after a long day of keeping tabs on Jackie and Lorna. Well, that is once he had finally found them again. They had been talking to some local, on the beach. Now he had to go to some emergency meeting, with someone he did not even know. Yeah, this day seemed like it would never end.
Walking into the bathroom, he removed the mustache and baseball cap from his head and stripped out of his clothes. After a quick shower, he dressed in his own normal black Dockers and a dark red polo shirt. After slipping on his socks and shoes, he made a call to Jackie to let her know their plans had changed. After he had disconnected with her, he picked up his wallet and key card and slipped out the door for his meeting.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

All Jamie could do was stare at the gentleman sitting across the table from him. The information the man was giving him was shocking, to say the least. It seems the people in charge, had kicked up their plan several notches. As Jamie sat there soaking in all the information, something the man across from him had just said, caught his attention. His eyes locked with the other man.
“Excuse me, what did you just say?”
“I’m in on this. It’s already been approved. So, I thought you should know; there is a new player in the game.”
Wonderful, just wonderful.
“I don’t like this at all. I usually work alone. Things get too complicated when others get involved.”
“I hear you, and I understand your reasons. But your boss and mine, have already approved it. So, where do we go from here? How do you suggest we handle this?”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Lorna and Jackie sat cross-legged on top of Lorna’s bed, as Jackie flipped through the channels on the TV. Finally settling on a Pay-Per-View movie that neither one of them had seen. Jackie clicked on the channel and ordered the movie.
Lorna opened the bottle of water sitting on her nightstand and reached in the plastic grocery bag, which sat between them. She retrieved her bag of baked potato chips and a box of Red Vines licorice. Once settled in with her snacks, she handed the bag over to Jackie. Lorna watched as her friend proceeded to empty the whole bag on the bed. Out spilled a large bag of corn chips, four different kinds of king size candy bars and a one-liter bottle of cola. All Lorna could do was shake her head in dismay. She watched her friend dig into all her junk food like she had not eaten in days and not a mere hour ago.
Just as the movie’s opening credits began to play, Lorna’s cell phone started to vibrate on top of her nightstand. Lorna glanced at the phone and then shifted her gaze towards Jackie, who gave her an are you going to get that or not, look. Taking a deep breath, to curb her fears that it was the crazy psycho from earlier that day, she reached over and picked up the phone. Relief washed over her when she saw a familiar name on the caller ID. She answered the call with a soft and timid voice. There was a hint of nerves that caused her voice to sound shaky, as she greeted the person on the other end of the line.
“Hello.”
“Lorna? This is Mako, are you okay? You haven’t gotten any more text messages or phone calls, have you?”
“I’m fine. It just freaked me out a little when the phone started to ring, is all.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart. It will be okay. After earlier today, you have every right to be a little jumpy. I hope the second half of your day, went a lot better than the first half did? You didn’t have any more problems, did you?”
Sweetheart?
“No, nothing at all, thank goodness.”
Jackie mouthed the words who is it? And Lorna mouthed back, it was Mako. Lorna frowned when her friend got an all too knowing smirk on her face. Then the most irritating friend in the world started making kissing sounds with her lips.
Oh my, God, she had just gone back in time, and she was back in high school... again.
Lorna proceeded to untangle her feet out from under her bottom and kicked her best friend in the butt, with her bare foot. Jackie giggled and turned back to the movie.
“Lorna? Are you okay? Is something wrong?”
“No, no, everything is fine. Jackie was just bugging me, is all. To answer your question, the rest of the day went great. Jackie and I went for lunch at this cool Asian noodle place, a couple of blocks from our hotel. Then we went for a swim in the pool, upon the roof. We grabbed dinner at this a yummy sushi café, down the street. In fact, we just got back to our rooms a little while ago. Now, we are vegging out in front of the TV, watching a movie before we turn in for the night. How was your day?”
“My day was good but busy. I've just gotten home myself, so I can relate. Do you want me to let you go? We can always catch up on everything tomorrow, on the drive up to Shark’s Cove if you would prefer.”
“No, don’t go on my account. Did you find out anything about that text message? Did you get a name or address for that cell phone number?”
“Unfortunately, it was what I feared. It was a prepaid cell phone. So we were unable to get any useful information from it. The only thing we found out was, the area the text came from. They sent a text from somewhere downtown, around the Waikiki area. We already knew that, so we still have no real clues to go on, yet.”
“Oh, I had hoped this would be over with soon.”
“Individuals like this guy, get cocky and then they get sloppy. When he does, we’ll nail him. We’ll get him, Lorna. I promise I won’t let him get a chance to hurt you.”
“Thank you, for all your help, Mako. You have no idea how much I appreciate everything you did for me today. About tomorrow, if you don’t want to go, you don’t have to? I know Jackie kind of pressured you into it. So if you have other plans I understand.
“Lorna, there is no way I would pass up a chance to spend a day with a beautiful woman, like you. Of course, I want to go.”
Lorna felt her face heat up with embarrassment over his complement.
”Okay, if you’re sure, Jamie is meeting us here at ten o’clock tomorrow morning. Does that time work for you?”
“That’s perfect. I’ll meet you out front in the loading zone. Do you have all the gear you’ll need or do we need to stop by a store or rental shop? Oh and also, do you have any aqua socks or aqua shoes? You’ll need one or the other. That black lava rock is super sharp and will cut your feet up if you try to walk on them barefoot. If you were planning on wearing flip flops or sandals, my advice to you is, don't. You could twist your ankle on those rocks or worse.”
“I’m not sure, but I don’t think so. Maybe we could stop by a store in the morning and pick some up?”
“That would be the wisest thing to do. Umm, one of the main reasons I was calling you is…well that is, only if you want to…if you don’t want to, I understand…”
“Mako, for goodness sake, just spit it out. Whatever it is you want to ask me, just ask me.”
“Oh man, I feel like I’m sixteen again.”
“Don’t feel bad, I've been having high school flashbacks today, myself.”
“I was just wondering if you would like to ride with me, tomorrow.
Lorna tried not to laugh at his embarrassment but didn’t quite manage it. She could picture Mako, all big and intimidating looking. Staring down at the ground as he kicked at the dirt in front of him, as he asked her that question.
“You’re right, you do sound like you’re a sixteen-year-old. I thought since you were a police officer, you wouldn’t be so…so…shy and bashful.”
“I can deal with armed robbers and carjackers, no problem. Asking a beautiful woman, that I like a lot, out on a date or to take a ride with me to Shark’s Cove…well, that’s a different story.”
“You…. you think I’m beautiful?”
Jackie turned and gave her a what are you two talking about? look. She felt her face flush even more with embarrassment, as he answered her question.
“Lorna, you are absolutely gorgeous inside and out. I’m usually an outspoken person. It’s not like I’ve never been out on a date before. But let’s just say, that over the last few years, I haven’t made the wisest decisions when it comes to women. I’ve learned the hard way that the women I chose, always turned out to only want something from me. They were out to get from me, whatever they could. But you, you’re different, in a good way,”
“Different? Different how?”
“You’re real and genuine. I admire that. From the moment I met you, I could see the sincerity in your eyes, when you spoke. Being a police officer for more than six years, has taught me how to read people. Hell, I haven’t been on a date for almost a year and a half because I became tired of all the game playing. But I want more than anything, to go out with you, Lorna.”
“I would like that. So, tell me about your life here in Honolulu. What's it like to be a police officer here in paradise? Your family, they must be so proud of everything you have accomplished.”
Mako gave an odd chuckle before he answered Lorna’s questions.
“You would think so, huh. Let’s just say that I’m a complete disappointment to my parents, with my career choice and the way I live my life. Hawaiian families are big on traditions. They expected me to join the family business when I graduated from college. I kept my major of criminal justice, a secret from them. When I got my acceptance letter to the police academy, after I graduated, it was a great disappointment to them. I love my parents, but they just don’t understand my need to be in Law enforcement.”
“What is your family’s business?”
“Farming and I am not cut out for that.”
“Well, I for one am glad you are a police officer. I would never have met you if you had been stuck out on some farm.”
Over the next twenty minutes, Lorna found out that Mako was the easiest man she had ever known, to talk to. The way they spoke to each other, it was almost like they had known each other for years, instead of mere days. 
At the end of the phone call, Mako wished her sweet dreams, with the promise of seeing her soon. At that moment, morning couldn’t come soon enough for Lorna.


~*~ Chapter 10 ~*~


Lorna had been standing in the middle of her hotel room, for the last twenty minutes. For the life of her, she couldn’t figure out what to wear for a day of snorkeling. Did she want to go cute, practical or comfy? Finally, she decided to wear her swimsuit, topping it off with her swimsuit cover up. She packed a change of clothes; a cute cotton sundress in aqua blue. Since she found out they would need aqua shoes, she went ahead and slipped on her most comfortable pair of flip flops. They would have to do until she went to the store and purchased the required footwear. 
She placed her sundress in the large pink tote bag that she had purchased the day before at the International Market. She added her camera, sunscreen, lip balm, wallet and her key card to the top of the growing pile. She had to remind herself; she also needed to pick up a beach towel, as well as the aqua shoes, when she was at the store.
When the packing was done, she sat down on the end of the bed to relax and wait for Jackie to finish packing. The random thoughts that crossed her mind, at that moment, almost floored her. She realized she had not thought about the threatening text message at all, this morning. How was it even possible for her to forget about that? She knew the answer to that question, almost before she thought of it. She felt safe with Mako, and when she thought of him, everything else seemed to disappear into the background.
She knew she was opening herself up to some serious heartache if this turned out to be just some romance, a fling with mainlander for him. She knew she didn’t know Mako all that well. The thought of him doing this sort of thing with other female tourists made her heart ache, and it was all she could do, not to cry. Her emotions were already in a relationship with this man, and they hadn’t even gone out on a date yet. This was happening fast, way too fast.  But she just couldn’t seem to stop herself, when it came to Mako.
Just then, Jackie popped her head into the room and gave her one of her quirky smiles.
“You ready to go, sweetie? The guys will be here in about ten minutes.”
Lorna nodded her head and as she picked up her tote as they both walked out the door.
Once they were in the elevator, Jackie turned and looked at her friend. She could tell by Lorna’s expression; something was up. Most likely, it had something to do with Mako.
“Lorna, are you okay? You look a million miles away.”
“Yeah, just have a lot on my mind, is all. I promise I’m fine.”
“Sweetie, this has to do with Mako, doesn't it? Will you take some advice from me?”
Jackie didn’t even wait for Lorna to reply to her question before she forged ahead with her sister like advice.
“When it comes to Mako, you need to follow your heart. No matter where it might take you, Lorna. You followed your head, with Bradley and that didn’t work out so well, did it? I’m telling you, right now, I don’t think your heart will steer you wrong, with Mako.”
All Lorna could do, was stare at her friend in shock, so struck speechless for a moment by Jackie’s insight into her mind.
“This whole thing could get complicated, Jackie. And besides, this isn’t a date, in the actual sense of the word.”
“What relationship isn’t complicated, in one way or another? And it will only be as complicated as you allow it to be, sweetie. All I want is for you to be happy. There is no mistaking the fact, that when you talk to Mako, even on the phone, your whole face lights up. You smile more than I have ever seen you smile. Last night it was clear, you already have strong feelings for him. And that’s the way it should be. It shouldn’t matter how long you’ve known someone. When it’s right, it's right. I guess, what I’m trying to say is, if you have the opportunity to give this…whatever this is, a chance, take it. Okay, sweetie?”
“Okay.”
Stepping out of the elevator, the two women walked in silence, towards the front doors of the hotel. Mako and Jamie were standing on the sidewalk by the front doors, waiting for them. Mako’s eyes met Lorna’s, and he gave her one of his killer smiles. She felt a tidal wave of emotions all at once flood her body, and her legs began to go wobbly.
As Lorna stepped towards Mako, Jackie walked up to her, grabbed her by the arm. She pulled Lorna ear down towards her mouth so only Lorna could hear.
“Remember sweetie, just follow your heart, it won’t steer you wrong.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako couldn’t help but notice that Lorna seemed quiet and distracted today. Only speaking a few word in the store. He had caught her several times, watching him out of the corner of her eye. He had tried to hold several conversations, but her answers were never more than what she needed, to answer his questions. Something was definitely up this morning, and he was going to find out what it was if it took him all day.
Over the last hour, he had learned a lot about Lorna. The basic things had been; she was born and raised in Seattle. Jackie and she had been friends since kindergarten. She was twenty-seven years old, and she was a writer. The one fact about her that had completely shocked him was, up until two months ago, she had been in engaged to be married for almost a year.
Making their way out of the store with bags in hand, Mako stepped over to the passenger side of the truck and held open the door for Lorna so she could enter. Once Mako had her settled in, he walked around the truck, tied the bags closed and placed them in the bed of his truck.
After taking the driver’s seat, Mako put the key in the ignition and then he turned in his seat to see Lorna stare motionless out the passenger window. It was like she was in deep thought. Unable to hold his tongue any longer, he addressed her on the issue of what was going on today.
“Okay Lorna, what’s going on today? Are you mad at me, for something? Did you get any new text messages? Please, just talk to me. Tell me what's going on in that pretty little head of yours?”
Lorna turned and stared at him for a moment. Almost like he had surprised her by his question. She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, and he watched a multitude of emotions flash across her face. Finally, after several moments, she opened her eyes and met his gaze.
“Mako, I…I don’t know what to do. I’m all confused. I know this isn’t making any sense to you, and I’m sorry for that. I just have all these emotions running through me, and none of them are appropriate. Not for what has happened to me, since I have been here on the island. I can’t explain what is going on with me. Because, I don’t even know what it is. Oh my, God, I’m messing this up, I know. I’m so sorry. I’ll understand if you would rather just take me back to my hotel and wash your hands of me.”
“Why would I want to take you back to…oh forget that, for right now? Let’s start this at the beginning and see if we can work out what is going on, okay?
She nodded her head, and Mako couldn’t help but notice how she was turning red with embarrassment. She also looked to be on the verge of tears.
“Okay, first things first. What inappropriate emotions are you having that are bothering you so much?”
She stared down at her hands and became even more nervous all a sudden, over his question. Mako reached across the truck cab and lifted her face with his fingertips until she had to meet his questioning gaze.
“Lorna, it breaks my heart to see you like this. Please, just talk to me.”
“Okay, fine. After yesterday, you would think I should be scared to death. I mean there is some psycho stalking me, right? But you know what? It has only crossed my mind for the last twenty-four hours a handful of times. And just knowing it's on the back burner of my thoughts, scares me.”
Mako brushed back a strand of her hair from her face, cupped her cheek in his large hand and gazed down at her.
“What emotions do you feel about what happened to you yesterday, if not fear?”
“That’s just it. I feel nothing. Nothing at all about that text message yesterday. I’m too busy thinking about...I’m too busy thinking about…you.”
“What?”
The word was out before he could stop it. He knew that his eyes had to be huge with surprise. Soon, surprise turned to something else as he brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers.
“I need to tell you a secret too, Lorna. I can’t stop thinking about you, either. I understand now, what you were trying to tell me. We’ll figure this all out, okay? I promise.”
As the last words left his mouth, he did what he had wanted to do since first seeing her at the restaurant. He brought his lips down to hers and kissed her. With that one kiss, Mako insured that there was no doubt in Lorna’s mind, about how he felt about her.


~*~ Chapter 11 ~*~


With the air somewhat cleared between them, the mood of the day lightened up. As they drove down the highway heading for the North Shore, Lorna told him all about growing up and her life back in Seattle. She described all the books she had written and what led up to the breakup of her engagement. Mako was attentive, as he listened to everything Lorna was telling him. He did his best to absorb all the details of what made Lorna, Lorna. 
Glancing in his rearview mirror, he spotted a late model Toyota Tundra following a few cars back. It looked like the same Toyota that had been behind them, since they had left the department store, in Honolulu. Right at this moment, he could kick his own ass, for not paying closer attention to his surroundings. He had lectured Lorna and Jackie on this exact thing, yesterday. He was a freakin’ police officer, for God’s sake. He should’ve noticed that vehicle sooner.
When he turned off onto highway 83, heading them towards Waimea Valley, the hairs on the back of his neck felt like they were standing on end. He watched as the Toyota Tundra took the same turn. Within fifteen minutes, Mako pulled his truck off the side of the road and into the makeshift pull off parking area, of Shark’s Cove. The cove sat below the parking area down a path made of black lava rock. Mako released a breath of relief, as he watched the Toyota passed by and continuing on down highway 83.
“Mako, is everything alright?”
Leaning forward, Mako dropped a tender kissed upon Lorna’s lips. Pulling his head back, he gave her a warm smile.
“Everything is perfect, now.”
As long as I stay alert to what is happening around us and not act like some love sick teenager, everything will be great.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

It was a calm day at Shark’s Cove which made it easier for Mako to give Lorna a personal, one on one, basic snorkeling lesson. He smiled, as he looked down at the woman on her belly floating in his arms, as he gave her a few last minute instructions.
“Now remember, if you get water in your breathing tube, you need to blow it out. Also, if you see any green sea turtles, it is against the law to touch them. Their protected species, so no touching or I might have to put the cuffs on you.”
Mako chuckled and continued with his instructions.
“Most important of all, you need to keep an eye out for sharks, barracuda and, etc.... The only Mako I want to bite you today is me.”
Since Lorna wasn’t completely floating by herself, her ears were out of the water. Her whole body began to shake as she laughed in response to his jokes.
After a few more minutes of instructions, Mako led Lorna out into the deep water. They floated around the cove, taking in all the sights it had to offer. Mako couldn’t remember the last time he had such a great time snorkeling. After a while, Lorna signaled to him that she was going to head back to shore.
Once Lorna arrived back at the black lava rock shoreline, she reached up on the rocks where she had placed her aqua shoes. With as much grace as possible, she took off her flippers and slipped on the shoes. Using a much care as she could, she climbed up the rough, jagged rocks in front of her.
After drying off with her towel, she laid it back down on the large rough lava rock. Turning back toward the cove, she watched the site of Mako following her lead. He rose out of the surf, like some sexy Hawaiian sea God. She had to swallow at the sight of him as he exited the water as she had done just moments before. One big difference, though, he did it with a lot more grace. As he stepped out of the surf, water droplets across his chest danced in the sun, giving him a jeweled look to his natural tanned skin.
Oh yeah, he was gorgeous. 
Trying her best not to blush, she continued to watch him as he sat down next to her on his own towel. He turned away from her and reached into the cooler he had brought down with them. After pulling two bottles of water out, Mako handed her one and then opened his own and took a deep swallow.
Lorna couldn’t stop herself from teasing him, as he had done to her earlier.
“So, what are all these private lessons going to cost me?”
As he took another swallow of water from his bottle, he looked like he was thinking it over. After lowering the bottle from his lips, he gave her a mischievous smile.
“I’m not sure you can afford my going rate. I’m kind of pricey, you know.”
“Name your price, Mako?”
“You. Is that too steep of a price?”
“No, that sounds perfect to me.”
Mako leaned forward and cupped the back of her head, in his hand. Bringing her mouth to his, he captured her lips with his own. What started as a gentle kiss, soon turned into something more. Everything around them seemed to vanish. It was just the two of them sharing a special moment. That is until the most irritating voice in the world, interrupted their special moment.
“Oh my God, you two need to get a room. Oh geez, Lorna, you are starting to look like a lobster. I think it's time for you to put on more sunscreen.”
Mako’s lips released Lorna’s, and he pulled back to glanced down at Lorna’s now pink shoulders.
“She’s right, your shoulders are turning pink.”
Lorna started to mumble in a low voice to herself, out of irritation.
“Or it could be I’m just a little irritated with my best friend for interrupting…”
Lorna turned around and retrieved her tote and started sorting through it. She turned back to Mako and gave him a pout.
“My sunscreen must have fallen out in the truck.”
“No problem, I’ll just run back up to the truck and get it. I’ll be right back.”
“That’s sweet, but I can get if you give me your keys. I’ll just pop up to the parking area and grab it. Take my word for it, I can use the exercise after all the carb filled foods I’ve been consuming since I’ve been here.”
Mako was going to argue with her about it but decided that she should be safe out in the open. He would see any car that would come close to her. He knew when it came to women; you choose the battles carefully. He knew this battle wasn’t worth fighting over.
“If you’re sure?”
Mako reached into his own beach tote and removed his truck keys and handed them over to her. As she reached for the keys, he took possession of her hand and pulled her in for one more kiss.
“Be careful on the rocks and hurry back, okay?”
“Okay.”
With a wink and another quick kiss to his cheek, she scooted off of her beach towel and hurried up the rocks to the small pull-off parking area. Walking up the last of the black lava rocks on the makeshift path, she headed in the direction of Mako’s truck, parked off to her left. She walked around to the passenger side of the truck, and she peeked into the cab. She glanced around on the seat and the floorboard but didn’t spot the sunscreen. All of a sudden it dawned on her that she had used it at the back of the truck, before they went down to the beach and it must have gotten left behind. Making her way towards the back of the truck, she spotted the can of sunscreen, tucked in by the tailgate.
Just as she reached over the tailgate to retrieve her wayward can of sunscreen. Her ears caught the unmistakable sound of a revving engine. The engine continued to revving up, and the sound was growing closer. The next thing she heard was the sound of a car’s tire spewing gravel from its wheels. She glanced off to the right, in the direction of the noise. The sight that met her almost stopped her heart. She stared in horror, as she watched a silver 4X4 truck race across the narrow makeshift parking lot. Fear consumed her whole body as she realized the speeding truck was heading straight towards her.
A blood-curdling scream rang through the air, as Lorna’s fight or flight instinct took a hold of her. Turning on her heels, she ran as fast as she could, but she knew there was no way she could outrun the beast barreling down on her.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako watched Lorna, to make sure she made it up the hill without any problems. Once she had reached the top with no innocent, he laid down on his beach towel, with his beach tote tucked under his head. He started to pick up his bottle of water sitting next to him when he heard the faint sound of a revving engine. The sound was so loud he could hear it over the noise of the waves. The sound of Lorna’s scream, shattered every rational thought in his head, at that moment. In a split second, his law enforcement training kicked in. Pulling his out his concealed service revolver, from where he had it hidden in his tote. He moved so fast he almost flew up the side of the black lava rock-covered hillside.
Fear consumed every fiber of his being, as scenarios of what was happening to Lorna flashed in his mind. When he reached the top of the hill, he spotted a silver Toyota truck speeding away from the pull-off area. A split second later, realization dawned. It was the same silver Toyota Tundra from earlier that was now speeding down the highway. Turning to his left, he immediately spotted Lorna lying face down on the gravel that covered parking area.
Never in his life had he felt such overwhelming sense of panic. Mako ran at a dead run towards Lorna; She laid motionlessly, and his heart almost stopped at the sight of her face down on the gravel. Reaching out with a trembling hand, he laid his fingertips on her neck and closed his eyes as he prayed that he would find a pulse.


~*~ Chapter 12 ~*~


Knowing she couldn’t outrun a speeding vehicle, she did the only thing she could think of. She dove for safety on the passenger side of Mako’s truck. She knew that the truck would have to hit Mako’s truck before it could get to her. The impact with the gravel laden ground was so hard that it knocked the air out of her lungs. All she could feel was sharp, biting pain, everywhere on her body. It seemed that the jagged lava rocks had torn into her, from head to toe. All she could do was lay there face down on the hard biting gravel while she struggled for breath. It seemed like forever before she could breathe. Overwhelming pain rocked her whole body, and she fought the urge not to throw up from it all.
The next thing Lorna knew, a gentle hand touched her neck, followed by gentle hands as they rolled her over. When she opened her eyes, she was looking into the most beautiful site she had ever seen. The heart-wrenching look of fear that Mako wore on his face made the floodgate she had in place on her emotions, burst open. Tears streamed down her cheeks, stinging her open cuts as they made their way down her cheeks.
In the distance, the sound of Jackie’s screaming cry alerted Lorna to the fact that she must look as horrible as she felt. She closed her eyes trying to block everything out, if just for a moment.
“Lorna, sweetheart, don’t close your eyes. You need to focus on me. Did the truck hit you? Where do you hurt?”
With a weak voice, Lorna answered Mako’s question.
“No, it didn’t hit me, but I hurt everywhere.”
As gentle as possible, Mako pulled her into his arms and brushed some of the loose gravel off of her face. He swore under his breath, and she knew she must look bad. She felt like someone had taken a giant cheese grater to her if the pain she was feeling was anything to go by. She would take the damage her leap to safety has caused, over being run down by a truck.
Lorna could see Jackie as she cried in Jamie’s arm and she did her best to reassure her friend that she would be okay.
“Jackie, I’m alright. The truck didn’t hit me.”
“Oh my God, Sweetie, what happened? One minute we were all sitting there and the next, you screamed, and Mako took off with his gun as if the hounds of hell were chasing him.”
“Join the crowd, I’m not sure what’s going on either. All I do know for sure is, a silver truck tried to run me down. I had to jump out of the way at the last second, and I knocked the air out of myself from the impact. I must have cut myself up pretty bad from the feel of it when I landed hard on all this black lava rock.”
Mako looked up at Jackie and tipped his head in the direction of the front of his truck.
“Jackie, can you grab my keys over there to the right and get the large first aid kit out from behind the driver’s seat of my truck.”
Jackie nodded and went and retrieved the keys and the first aid kit as Mako had instructed. Jamie pulled out his cell phone and stepped away from where they were all standing. He started to pace back and forth in an agitated manner, as he spoke to whoever was on the other end of his cell phone.
With care, Mako picked Lorna up into his arms and carried her over to his truck. After sitting her in the driver's seat, he turned her, so she faced the open door.
“Jackie, can you start cleaning some of these cuts and clean out the majority of the lava rocks out of them. I need to call this in and then we’ll take her to the hospital. I think some of those cuts could use a stitch or two.”
“Of course, but I want you to do something for me, Mako. I want you to find the creep that did this, and I want you to make him pay.”
“I plan on it, Jackie."

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

The sun had set by the time Mako had filled out all the police reports and Lorna was finally released from the hospital. She sported cuts from head to toe. She also had several stitches. One in particular. A nasty gash on her upper thigh had taken a few stitches to close up. The doctor informed her that she had over three dozen cuts and warned her that by tomorrow morning, she would have quite a few bruises. But he had assured her, she should start feeling better in a few days. After a shot for the pain, he sent her on her way. She left with instructions not get her stitches wet; she was to take it easy for the next few days and to take Tylenol for any pain that she might feel.
Jackie and Jamie had already left to search out the Tylenol and more bandages for Lorna. They said they would meet them back up at the room in a little while. 
Mako pulled his truck up in front of the hospital's ER doors. Jumping out of the truck, he walked over to the nurse who was pushing Lorna wheelchair out of the E. R. double doors. Once beside the truck, the nurse set the brakes on the wheelchairs, and Mako lifted her up from the chair. He eased her into the passenger seat, before buckling her in. Walking around to his own side of the truck, Mako climbed in and started his truck.
As he pulled out into traffic, Mako glanced over and saw Lorna resting her head on the passenger side window. He knew he needed to let her know about his decision.
“Sweetheart, from now until…until you leave, I’m not leaving your side. And before you start to argue with me about it, I have already cleared it with my boss. So like it or not, we’re going to be roomies. At least for a while.”
The answer he received to his statement was the sound of a light snore. He knew he would have to readdress the topic, once she was awake enough to understand that he was not going anywhere until she was safe. And maybe not even then.
Once they arrived back Lorna’s hotel, Mako’s luck was shining down on them. He found a parking spot less than a half a block away from the front double door entrance to the hotel. Mako retrieved her key card from her large tote bag. He walked around to the passenger side of the truck and lifted a sleeping Lorna out of the seat. After a moment of juggling Lorna and his keys in his hands, he set the alarm for his truck with the button on his key chain. After the truck had been secured, he made the short walk to the hotel. As he walked across the lobby, everyone present turned to stare at Lorna and him. It was clear it was not every day, they saw a man carry a bandaged woman across the lobby. After a short elevator ride, Mako now stood in front of Lorna's door doing another juggling match. This time with Lorna and her key card. Mako was thankful when he was able to finally step into Lorna’s room.
Kicking the door closed with the heel of his foot, he walked over to the bed and placed Lorna gentle down on the mattress. After pulling off her aqua shoes, he pulled the bedspread and blanket out from under her and covered her up. Just as he was placing a tender kiss on her forehead, a light knock sounded on the room's connecting door. After dropping another kiss on her lips, he made his way over to the door to answer it.
Jackie stood on the other side of the door with a plastic grocery bag dangling from her hand. She also was wearing a concerned look on her face.
“How’s she doing?”
“Resting, right now. She fell asleep before we even made it out of the hospital parking lot, I think. Rest is the best thing for her right now, the doctor said.”
“Have you heard anything from your work?”
“Not yet, if I haven’t heard anything by morning, I’ll give them a call. And just so you know, I’m not leaving her. I’m going to be by her side from now on. If you wouldn't mind watching her for an hour or so, I need to go home and pack a bag and will be back as soon as I can. Do me a favor, make sure you lock your door and Lorna’s. Don’t answer them under any circumstances unless it’s Jamie or I. Okay?”
Jackie nodded her head, and it was clear to him that Jackie was on the verge of tears. Walking over to the night stand, he retrieved Lorna’s keycard from where he had sat it down.
“I’m going to take her keycard with me, and I’ll be back soon as I can.”
“Okay, hurry back. Everything that has been happening is starting to creep me out, Mako. I mean, between the text message and everything that happened today, I’m scared to death for Lorna.”
“I know, so am I. But I promise I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
With that, Mako turned on his heels walked out of Lorna’s room. Only two things were on his mind now. The First thing was to get back here to the hotel as quickly as he could. The second thing was how he was going to catch this psycho before he could hurt Lorna again.
Once at home, he tossed about four days of clothes into his large duffle bag. Then added his toiletries, cell phone charger, and a few extra clips for his revolver then zipped the bag closed. He scooped up his laptop and charger and hustling out the door to his waiting truck. He made it back to the hotel in record time.
Slipping the key card into the lock, he walked into Lorna’s darkened room. He started to panic at first, but his eyes finally adjusted to the darkness and he spotted Jackie asleep in the chair that sat in the corner of the room. Lorna’s still form was sound asleep, curled up in the center of the bed.
Mako stepped over to Jackie and lightly tapped her on the shoulder to wake her. Jackie jumped with a start until her eyes landed on Mako’s large frame standing before her. Her body relaxed with the recognition. In a hushed tone, Mako spoke to her, as she glanced at the bed where her friend was sound asleep.
“How’s she doing?”
Jackie motioned for Mako to follow her to her room. After they had stepped into her room, she closed the door only part-way so Lorna would not be awakened by their voices.
“She’s been asleep the whole time you were gone. She’ll be out for a while after that shot the doctor gave her.”
Mako nodded his head in agreement.
“You know, Mako…something has been going on with Lorna for months, now. Even before we left Seattle and came here. She kept telling me that she thought someone was following her. She even went as far as buying us both a can of pepper spray for our key chains. At the time, I thought she was just paranoid because Seattle has some psycho rapist on the loose. But now, I think that maybe her hunch was right. I just don’t understand it. Who would want to do this to her? Lorna is the sweetest, most honest and caring person I’ve ever known. It’s killing me that someone is doing this to her.”
Jackie stared at Mako’s face as she spoke to him. It seemed to her that some of her information was not coming as a complete surprise to him. All he did was nod his head in agreement as she spoke.
“Okay Mako, what’s going on? You know something, I can tell
“Jackie, this is an ongoing investigation, so I can’t say much, only to tell you that your hunch could be correct. There is more going on here than you know. And until we have an individual in custody, I’m going to stick to Lorna like glue. I promise you, I won’t let anything happen to her.”
“Thank you, Mako. You have no idea what Lorna means to me. She like a sister and it would kill me if anything happened to her.”
Mako peeked around the door to glance at Lorna’s still sleeping form, and turned back to Jackie.
“I understand because she means a lot to me too.”
“You’re in love with her, aren’t you?”
Mako glanced back into the bedroom, where Lorna slept. He took a deep breath before answering Jackie’s direct question.
“I’ve only known her less than a week, but in that time…I can’t imagine my life without her. When I saw her lying on the ground earlier, not moving. My heart almost stopped.”
“Have you told her, how you feel?”
“No, not in so many words, but I did let her know that I cared about her.”
“Mako, if you let Lorna walk out of your life next week and don’t tell her exactly how you feel, you will regret it for the rest of your life.”
“You’re right, I’m just afraid that with everything that is going on that it might be too much, too soon. The last thing I want to do is pressure her.”
“You’ll know when the time is right; I trust you.”
“I hope so, where’s Jamie at?
“He got a call from work, he had to go to some meeting, but he said he might swing by later.”
“Oh okay, well remember to keep both of the locks on your door, locked. I’ll see you in the morning. Just knock if you need anything.”
Before Mako knew what she was doing, Jackie stood on her tiptoes and placed a chastised kiss on his cheek. Then she gave him a warm and gentle hug, which he returned in kind. Giving her a warm smile, Mako turned and walked back into Lorna’s room.
Opening his duffle bag he had sat on a chair in the corner of the room, he removed a pair of sleep shorts, his toothbrush, and toothpaste. Once he had everything she needed, he made his way into the bathroom. When he had finished, he sat his folded clothes, next to his duffle bag and removed his service revolver. He placed his gun on the nightstand, next to the side of the bed he would be sleeping on. Pulling back the covers, Mako eased his way into between the sheets. 
Mako stared at the ceiling for several minutes as he listened to Lorna’s easy, slow breathing. Before he knew it, sleep finally overtook him.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

The scream had Mako sitting straight up in the bed. In a heartbeat, he grabbed for his service revolver. His gaze took in the whole room, as he looked for any kind of threat. Soon, he realized that it was just Lorna having a nightmare. Placing his gun back on the night stand, he turned towards her and shook her shoulder gently.
Lorna sat straight up in bed with a start. Then cried out in pain from the effort.
“Sweetheart, it’s okay, I’m here, and no one is going to hurt you.”
“Mako?”
“Yes sweetheart, it’s me. I’m right here beside you. Do you want me to get you some Tylenol and a glass of water?”
In a weak, dry, scratchy voice, she managed to answer him as best she could.
“Yes please.”
“Okay, I’ll be right back.”
Lorna heard a plastic bag crackle in the background. The next thing she knew, the bathroom light came on, followed by the bathroom sink running. A few moments later, Mako reappeared holding a glass of water out to her. Once she took possession of it, he handed her two white pills. After placing the pills in her mouth, she washed them down with several large swallows of water and then handed the glass back to Mako. He placed it on her nightstand and helped her lay back down on the bed.
“Can I order you up something to eat? You haven’t eaten since lunch; you must be starving.”
“Have you been here all night? I’m so sorry to cause such a fuss.”
Mako gave Lorna a light chuckle, before answering.
“Well, sleepy head. I explained this to you as we were leaving the hospital. But you feel asleep too fast to hear it. I’m not leaving your side until we have this guy. I was gone for about an hour after I brought you back to your room. But Jackie was here with you while I was gone.”
“Oh.”
Lorna glanced over to where Mako had been sleeping on the other side of the bed and then returned her gaze back to his concerned face.
“What about that food, what do you feel like?”
“What I need, is to get out of this swimsuit and put on one of my night shirts. Then I would love nothing more than to feel your arms around me. I’m still a little tired from that shot.”
After Lorna had told Mako which drawer her, night shirts were in. He went over and retrieved a bright pink oversized t-shirt and helped her pull it on. She was stiff and sore, which made moving a little difficult. But with Mako’s help, she was finally able to get her bikini off, and he tucked her back into bed. Walking around to his side of the bed, he slid back in.
The feel of his strong arms snaking around her felt like heaven to her traumatized mind and body. As she laid her head down on his chest, she felt him place a kiss on top of her head and within moments she was asleep.


~*~ Chapter 13 ~*~


Lorna opened her eyes on Wednesday morning, to the most wonderful sight in the world. She just laid there soaking in all the warmth she was held in two strong, muscular arms. She felt safe, wrapped in their safety. The next thing she felt was a pair of softer then silk lips brushing a tender kiss on her forehead.
“You finally awake, sweetheart?”
“Mmm, yeah. But I’m afraid to move because it feels too good here in your arms. I also know that it’s going to hurt like crazy, when I finally do move. I am so stiff. And speaking of stiffness, I can already feel the stiffness in your body as well.”
“Sorry, I’m only human, sweetheart. What do you expect when I’ve been in bed all night with a beautiful woman, sleeping in my arms?”
“I’m pretty sure with as many cuts and bruises I have right now, beautiful would not be the correct word to describe me.”
“Beautiful, will always be the word I use to describe you.”
Mako leaned over and placed his lips over hers as he kissed her senseless. Pulling back with care, Mako unwound himself from around her body.
“Let me go and get a shower going for you. Jackie and Jamie picked up some bandages for you. There is also a box of large waterproof ones, so I can cover your stitches on your thigh.”
“Oh, a shower sounds wonderful, that is if I can get out of this bed.”
“Let me grab the bandages and start the shower. Then I’ll come back to help you get out of bed.”
Mako stood and made his way across the room to the plastic bag sitting on the dresser. Once it was in hand, he made his way towards the bathroom and closed the door. A few minutes later, the shower started, and Mako exited the bathroom. As he walked up to bed, he held out his hand, Lorna placed her small hand in his larger one. With a loud groan of pain, Lorna managed to lift herself out of the bed. She winced as she made her way slowly to the bathroom, leaning on Mako’s arm for support. Her upper thigh was screaming for her to go back to bed, but she did her best to ignore the stitches pulling at her flesh.
Once in the bathroom, she turned toward the mirror and stared in horror at the sight of herself reflecting back towards her. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she saw at least a half a dozen cuts on her cheeks and forehead. Both of her hands and forearms bore nasty scrapes and cuts, not to mention, what she could not see underneath her sleep shirt and down her legs. It was clear that the giant cheese grater had definitely won the battle yesterday.
Mako turned her away from the mirror and placed a finger under her chin. She tried to hide her face from him, but he lifted it up, so she had to meet his gaze with her own.
“You. Are. Beautiful. Do you hear me? These cuts and bruises are only temporary and will be gone soon.”
Lorna nodded her head, as Mako wrapped his arms around her and pulled her up against his chest. She stood there trembling in his arms as he ran his hands down the back of her head and over her silky blonde strands. Her emotions won out, and she released what she had kept buried deep inside herself until the day before. After several minutes, her crying slowed, and she pulled back to look at him.
He captured her lips with his, as he showed her the truth of what he had said. He did think she was beautiful, desirable, and at this moment, she never wanted him to ever let her go.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako covered Lorna’s stitches with a waterproof bandage and helped her out of her nightshirt. He didn’t ogle her naked body as he pulled her nightshirt came off of her. He only looked at her with loving concern.
After Mako had Lorna safely in the shower, he left the bathroom to give her some sense of privacy. He kept the door slightly open, so if she needed help, he would hear her.
He stepped over to the connecting door to Jackie’s room and tapped lightly on the door. Within mere moments, the door opened. Jamie stood in front of him, fresh out of the shower. Mako arched an eyebrow in question and Jamie just smiled a smug smile back at him, in return.
“Lorna’s up. I was checking to see if Jackie wants to come over and visit with her after she gets out of the shower and I get her dressed?”
This time, it was Jamie’s turn to raise an eyebrow. Mako just narrowed his eyes at him and commented on his unasked question.
“Yeah, as if she is in any kind of condition for that.”
Jackie walked up behind Jamie and wrapped her arms around him, before addressing Mako.
“Who is in what condition? Is Lorna up? You want us to pick you both up some breakfast when we go down to eat in a little bit? Or will Lorna be up to going down to the restaurant, with us?”
“This morning, I think I’ll just call up some room service. She’s not walking so well. She’s stiff and in quite a bit of pain.”
Just then, Jackie poked her head around Jamie and gave Mako a bright smile.
“Oh, so she’s up. Is she ready for some company?”
“She’s in the shower right now but should be finishing up soon. I was just about ready to order up some room service, do you have any idea what she likes to eat for breakfast.”
“She loves the tropical fruit platter they have here and rye toast with pineapple and mango jam. Oh, oh, oh, whatever you do, don’t forget to order a pot of coffee. She takes it with cream and sugar. You definitely don’t want to forget that, because she can get a little testy without her caffeine fix first thing in the morning.”
“Fruit platter, rye toast with the pineapple and mango jam, a pot of coffee and cream and sugar, got it.”
Just then, Mako heard the shower shut off in the bathroom.
“Give me a few minutes, so I can help her get dressed and…..”
Jackie interrupted him before he even had a chance to finish his sentence.
“Oh Mako, I can help her get dressed, I’m sure she would feel more comfortable with me doing it.”
Just then, Lorna called from the bathroom.
“Mako, can you help me get this nightshirt back on?”
“Jackie, you’ll have to excuse me, Lorna is requesting my presence. You can come on over in about five minutes.”
With that, Mako closed the door, to give Lorna some privacy as he went to help her get dressed.
Jackie stared at the closed door with her mouth hanging wide open. Her shocked expression quickly turned into a smug smile as she glanced up at Jamie and said only a handful of words. But those words carried a lot of weight behind them and summed up all her thoughts, in a tidy little package.
“Oh yeah, that man is head-over-heels in love.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

After Jackie’s visit, Lorna received a surprising breakfast of all her favorite foods. Now she was sitting up in the bed, channel surfing, on the TV.
Mako walked out of the bathroom, wearing one of the hotel's big white fluffy towels wrapped around his waist. Walking over to his duffle bag, he pulled out a clean set of clothes. Without warning, he turned around and put his hand on his hips and stared at her.
“What?”
“You were checking my butt out, weren’t you?”
“Huh, what, I have no idea what you’re talking about?”
He cocked a disbelieving eyebrow at her, and she wanted to die from embarrassment.
That’s what you get, Lorna, for checking out his perfect butt.
“Okay, okay. Yes, I was checking out your butt. Are you happy now? But it wasn’t my fault. You are the one running around in nothing, but a large fluffy loin cloth, looking all buff and sexy. Any woman faced with that would stare.”
“Oh, is that so.”
“Yes.”
“So tell me, what you would do if this towel accidently fell to the floor right this minute?”
“I’d cry.”
“Cry? Why in the world would you cry?”
“I’d cry in frustration because I can’t do to you, what I want to do to you. I hurt too much right now to do any of it.”
“Well, I sure don’t want you to cry, so I’ll leave my towel on…for now.”
With that, he turned on his heels and walked, no, he strutted back into the bathroom to get dressed. As the door closed, Lorna called to him through the door.
“Tease!”
A few moments later, Mako exited the bathroom and came over to the bed and sat down next to Lorna. He put his arm around her shoulder and hauled her over to his side, before dropping a kiss on the top of her head. Brushing his lips across her ear, he whispered to her.
“If you were feeling better, I would have dropped that towel. Then, there would be all kinds of good teasing going on, right about now.”
Smiling, Lorna smacked at Mako’s chest. Her face flamed with embarrassment, from what his words were implying.


~*~ Chapter 14 ~*~


“We need this matter wrapped up and ASAP. The only thing we’ve come up with is to set-up a situation and let the prey come to us. So, here is how I want this to play out. First, we need an area where the tourist traffic is as low as possible. Second, it has to have some type of area, for coverage. So, I am thinking up around North Shore somewhere, during the week, so there is less foot traffic.
The overweight gentleman to Jamie’s right finally stopped bobbing his head up and down in agreement. The bobble head finally decided to speak.
“How about Waimea Valley? Up by the falls, early in the morning would work. We could pose as tourists. That shouldn’t raise too many eyebrows. Also, there is Nu’uanu Pali Lookout, as well.”
The older gentleman behind the desk chewed on his bottom lip. He seemed lost in thought, as he ran it all through his mind. Then he turned his attention toward Jamie.
“What’s your thought on this, have you been to either one of those sites?
“Sorry, I’m unfamiliar with both areas, but I’ll go check them out tomorrow and get back to you by tomorrow night.
"Sounds good, well if there are no further questions, how about we meet up here Saturday morning, at nine o'clock?
With that, all three men left the room.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

“Mako, I’m starting to go a little stir-crazy in this room. This is the third day I have been in this room. I’m not as stiff and sore as I was Wednesday. Or even yesterday, can we go for a walk or something?”
“The doctor said you needed to take it easy for a few days. How about we hold off until tomorrow. I’ll take you to the big swap meet at the Aloha Stadium? I’m sure Jackie would love to come with us and Jamie as well if he is available. Speaking of Jackie, I haven’t seen her all morning?”
“Jamie took her sight-seeing, today and she said they would be gone all day. And you know how Jackie is. She will definitely want to go tomorrow. If there shopping involved, Jackie is there.”
“Yeah, that girl loves to shop. You’ll both love the swap meet; they have just about everything you can think of. If it’s Hawaiian, it’s there.”
Mako got a mischievous look on his face, as he stalking forward, towards her. 
“So, you were mentioning something about feeling better? How much better are you feeling?”
Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her flush against his chest and buried his face in the crook of her neck. He started nibbling and kissing a path up to her earlobe.
“Uh, a lot better, when you do that…oh and that too. Did you have anything in particular, in mind?”
Mako pulled his head back and gave her a smirk. Lorna felt her whole body flush with heat.
“Well, we could go for a walk or…”
Mako closed his lips over Lorna’s and kissed her until she knew her toes had to be curling. He only broke the kiss so they both could take a breath of much-needed air.
“Or what?”
“Or we can continue with this, and I can spend the rest of the day showing you how much you mean to me?”
“I think I’ll take the or option. You can start by going back to what you were just doing to my ear a moment ago, and we will take it from there.
“Who am I to deny a gorgeous, sexy woman of what she wants.”
Mako worked the hem of Lorna’s sleep shirt up until he could slip it off over her head. Letting it fall from his fingertips, he returned his attention back her exposed neck. Lorna moaned with pleasure, as his gentle lips and hot tongue, painted a trail of kisses across her collarbone. Then they started to head south. His mouth closed around one of her hardened nipples, as he licked and sucked. 
On trembling legs, Lorna reached for the hem of Mako’s shirt. Within moments, they both stood in front of each other naked from the waist up. Lorna, wearing only a pair of red lace panties and Mako in a pair of cotton shorts, he seemed to favor to sleep in. He glanced down at the small bit of red lace, and a huge smile spread across his face.
Scooping Lorna up into his muscular arms, he eased her onto the bed. Soon, the scrap of red lace was gone. Standing, he made quick work, of his own remaining clothing.
“Oh, my.”
Lorna’s mouth hung open in pleasant surprise, as she finally got more than an eye full of what Mako had been hiding beneath the towel the other day.
Mako smiled a smug smile and let his eyes travel over Lorna’s naked body. She looked like his own personal buffet. Licking his lips, he joined her on top of the mattress.
“Oh my, indeed.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ 

For hours, Mako made sure there was no doubt in Lorna’s mind how much he cared for her as he made love to her all morning long. Finally, unable to ignore their growing need for nourishment, Mako helped Lorna dress. After he had helped her into one of her sundresses and a pair of sandals, he slipped into a pair of black jeans and a button up shirt.  Hand in hand, they stepped out onto the sidewalk in front of the hotel. Mako steered them in the direction of a little out of the way sushi place he had been telling her about.
After ordering, they sat at a little bistro table tucked in the corner, out of the way. The corner table gave them a sense of privacy. Once their food had arrived. Mako reached across the table and took possession of Lorna’s hand.
“Lorna, I think you know how I feel about you. There are some things that I haven’t told you about my family and I think you have the right to know.”
A worried frown creased Lorna’s beautiful face, and Mako continued before she got the wrong idea.
“My family’s farm isn’t what you would call a farm; it is more like a…a…plantation, a large plantation. In truth, it’s the second largest on the island. My family owns the Kahala Tropical Produce Company. It’s the largest producers of mangos, and papaya’s in the state of Hawaii.”
Mako watched Lorna’s eyes grow wide with surprise, as the meaning of his words sank in.
“My family was grooming me to take over the family business as soon as I graduated from College. They had it all planned out for me. I would get my business degree and take everything over. By my freshman year in college, I knew that just wasn’t for me. So, without them knowing, I changed my major to criminal justice the end of my freshman year. Let’s just say, disappointed isn’t a strong enough word to describe how they felt about that.”
Lorna squeezed his hand, and he gave her a weak smile. Motioning toward her food, they began to eat. Between bites, Mako explained more.
“I’m still part of the company, and I go to meetings when I have no other choice. I bought my home in the Aina Haina area, just outside of Honolulu, when I was twenty-two. But other than that, I have never touched any of the money in my account from the family business. I had it set up in a special account for when I get married, had children and, etc. It just sits there, year after year drawing interest. A good chunk of it, I invested in IRA’s for when I decide to retire. I live off of my police salary, and I liked paying for college by having to take on the extra jobs, like at the restaurant, to cover my tuition cost.
I just wanted to make my own way in the world and do what makes me happy. I guess what I’m trying to say is, my family just can’t understand why I would do such a thing. It confuses them that I would take on extra jobs to pay for college. They keep telling me that I could pay my way through a million colleges, from the money I receive from the family business. So, needless to say, I don’t see them a whole lot, anymore. I have become tired of the same old lecture. They want me to quit playing cop and come home and do what they expected of me. My Grandmother is the only one who has ever supported my decisions.” 
“Oh Mako, I’m so sorry. I can’t even imagine what that would be like.”
“I just want you to know about the soap opera that my life has become, Lorna. Because... because I want more than anything for you to be a part of my life. I love you, and I want us to continue our relationship, even if that means long distance.”


~*~ Chapter 15 ~*~


Jackie walked into her room exhausted from the whirlwind sightseeing trip; Jamie had taken the two of them on today. She sat the gift bag from the Waimea Valley gift shop, on the bed and removed the two books that she had purchased. She placed the books on the nightstand, so she could read them later.
Jamie walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, before pulling her back against his warm chest. As he began to place small kisses on her neck, Jackie heard the chime that she had begun to despise. Jamie hesitated for a moment, then took a step back as his cell phone dinged again with, yet another new text message.
Jackie, over the last few days, had started questioning Jamie about what kind of business he was in. What sort of business would be texting and calling him at all hours of the day and night? It was then that something that Lorna had said came rushing to the forefront of her mind. He could have a wife and a half a dozen kids waiting for him to come home.
“Jamie, who keeps texting and calling you all the time? If it’s work, what sort of work would be bothering you on your supposed vacation?”
“Supposed? What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Oops, that can out wrong.
“Okay, I’m going to be frank with you, Jamie. I’m just going to come right out and ask the questions that I should have asked you a week ago. Before we took this relationship so far. Do you have a wife and six kids waiting for you back home? I mean all these secret meetings? And every time I ask you what you do, I can see in your eyes, that it’s not what you’re saying it is. So, all I want is for you to level with me. Just once, give me a straight answer, please?”
“Jackie, I don’t have a wife, and I don’t have any children at all. And as far as my work, I’m not at liberty to go into detail about that. For right now, babe, I just need you to trust me. If I could tell you more, I would. But I can’t. Just give me some time and I promise, I’ll answer all your questions.”
Jackie couldn’t stop the tears that filled eyes and threatened to spill over.
“You want me to trust you, but you won’t trust me…wonderful.”
“Babe, it’s not like that, it’s just that…”
Jamie’s cell phone started to ring, and he held up a finger to let her know to give him a minute as he stepped out into the hall to answer his call.
Once in the hallway, he answered the phone in a low tone. He passed on his opinion of the two sites they had viewed today, then ended the call.
Turning around, he knocked on the door to have Jackie let him back into her room. He waited for several long moments for Jackie to open the door for him. When the door opened, it didn’t open the entire way. Jackie stood in the doorway, her fists on her hips and she refused to open the door any wider to let him enter.
“Jackie…are you going to let me in or make me stand out here all night?”
“That depends on you, buddy? Why exactly, did you drag me all over Oahu and why were you giving the person on the other end of the phone, your opinion of those two sites?”
Jamie squeezed his eyes shut in frustration. His beautiful, nosey, little pixie had been eavesdropping at the door. And if he walked away from this door right now, God only knows, what she would start telling everyone. Most likely, knowing her, she would call the police or The Department of Homeland Security. Not only that but the thought of her walking out of his life was just too much to bear. Taking a deep breath, he answered her with the only answer he could.
“Okay, I’ll answer some of your questions.”
“Oh, no, no, no, buddy. I want all my questions answered, or I can just walk back into my room, get an extra pillow and blanket for you.  You can just sleep out here in the hall, tonight It’ll give you time to think about how lucky you are to have me in your life. Well, that is until you went and fucked it up, by lying to me.”
Jamie answered in a tone that sounded more like a growl, rather than a normal voice.
“Fine!”
Jackie swung the door open so Jamie could enter. He couldn’t help but feel like he was entering a den of lions.
“You just going to stand there all night, or are you going to get your butt in here and start telling me the truth for once.”
Jamie closed his eyes and lifted his face to the ceiling as he prayed to the heaven above, for patience. Lord knows, he was going to need it before the night was over. Then he stepped back into the room as if he was walking towards his execution.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Lorna laid in bed with Mako’s arms around securely around her. His slow, steady breathing told her he had finally fallen asleep from sheer exhaustion. Their activities from twenty minutes ago had completely worn the poor guy him out.
Her mind ran over everything he had told her earlier that day. He was rich and chose to turn his back on all of it, to help the general public. But what had her mind working overtime, was the fact that he had stated point blank, he wants a relationship with her. At his admission of love for her, she felt that love like a wave of heated emotion, flow over her.
Just as she closed her eyes, the sound of raised voices brought her out her thoughts of Mako. She turned her attention to the fact that Jackie and Jamie had just arrived back from their day of sightseeing. It was odd, though, the voices were audible. She had the impression that they were having a loud discussion of some sort. After a few more minutes of loud discussion, everything grew quiet.
Curling up next to the man she loved, she laid her head on his shoulder and placed a tender kiss on his chest. Mumbling soothing unintelligible words, he pulled her closer and buried his face in her hair. She closed her eyes and drifted off into a warm, peaceful sleep.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Jackie watched as Jamie made his way over to her bed and sat down on the end. Looking up, he met Jackie’s irritated glare.
“Well, start talking, and this better be good, or I’ll be handing you a pillow and blanket and sending your ass back out in the hallway.”
Jamie held his hands up in surrender, and with great misgivings, decided the truth was his easiest course of action.
“I work for a government agency, and I have been assigned to a case here in Oahu. The phone calls and text messages are from my boss and local contacts working on the same case.”
Jackie raised an expectant eyebrow towards him, letting him know that his answer was seriously lacking in details, and she wasn’t in the mood for half-assed answers.
Taking a deep breath, he continued.
“Okay fine, I’m special agent James Samuels, of the Seattle branch of the FBI. I’m FBI’s lead investigator on the serial rapist case, in Seattle.” 
“FBI? The freakin’ FBI! Are you kidding me? So, what you're telling me is, I have been nothing more than a cover for you this whole time? Oh my God, I must be the most stupid person on the face of this earth. What, was the sex just an add bonus to you?”
Jackie flopped her body in the chair sitting in the corner of her room, put her face in her hands and began to sob. With every new tear she shed, Jamie’s heart shattered a little more. Without a second thought, Jamie crossed the room and knelt down in front of her and wrapped his arms around her in a protective manner. He knew he had hurt her, and he would have rather cut off his own arm than to do so.
“Jackie, no. Of course not, babe. My feelings for you are the real deal. You have no idea, how hard I fought my attraction for you. I swear to you, our relationship is the real thing. I’m so sorry; I’ve hurt you. But I promise when this is all over, we will sit down and sort all this out, okay? If we have to start all over from the beginning, with our relationship, that’s what we will do.
Jackie lifted her tear-filled face, to meet Jamie’s gaze and he covered her lips with his own. When he broke the kiss and pulled his head back, Jackie shocked him with her next question.
“You being here on Oahu, it has to do with who stalking Lorna, doesn’t it? You know who her stalker is, don’t you?”
All Jamie could do was nod his head in response.


~*~ Chapter 16 ~*~


Bright and early Saturday morning, Lorna’s cell phone ringing jarred her out of her deep slumber. Groggy eyed, she rolled over and looked at her phone. A photograph of Jackie’s smiling face greeted her, and she answered the call.
Hey Jack, what’s up?
“It was late when I noticed the text about the swap meet. I’m just calling to say I’m in. Jamie has a meeting this morning but should be back about eleven o'clock, if we can postpone taking off until then.”
"A meeting on Saturday? Did you ever find out what he does for a living?"
“Umm, yeah I did, but I understand he has weird hours. So, what time were you and the big guy planning to take off?"
Lorna knew that there was something going on with Jackie this morning. Being evasive, was not Jackie's thing. She was more of an in your face type of person plus adding the abrupt topic change she just made. It all told Lorna that Jackie was keeping something from her.
They talked for a few more minutes, but now, Jackie seemed uncomfortable and in a hurry to get off the phone. She made the lame excuse of why she had to get off the phone and hung up shortly after. After disconnecting the call, Lorna lay back down on the bed and stared up at the ceiling. She worked over in her mind what was going on with Jackie.
“I know you are hiding something from me Jackie, and I’ll find out what it is.”
“Hmm?”
Mako rolled over and looked at Lorna as she stared up at the ceiling.
“Oh, sweetie, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you up. I’m frustrated with Jackie, and I was just talking to myself about it. I do that sometimes, sorry.”
“What? Do Jackie and Jamie have other plans or something?”
“No. They're coming to the swap meet with us, but they can’t leave until Jamie gets back from another one of his “meetings,” I asked Jackie if she found out what kind of business Jamie was in? I mean, what kind of business would have you on the phone texting or answering phone calls all the time? Let’s not forget, all the odd meetings day and night. She told me she knew what he did, then became real evasive and had the nerve to change the subject.
“What? He actually told her?”
“Yeah, but that was when she changed the subject.”
“I take it you don’t like Jamie?”
“No, no, it’s nothing like that. He seems like a good guy and everything, I just have a feeling I have seen him someplace before. I mean Jackie is crazy over this guy and knows nothing about him. Maybe I’m making way too much out of this whole thing?”
Mako stood up and walked around to Lorna’s side of the bed and held out his hand to help her stand.
“You know what you need? A full-service shower and I’m just the man to play shower attendant.”
Before she could answer, Mako bent over and scooped her into his arms. Lorna let out a squeal of surprise, before wrapping her arms around his neck as he walked them both into the bathroom.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Just before noon, Mako and Lorna pulled into the gated area of Aloha Stadium. Jamie rental car was directly behind them. Pulling the truck up to the ticket taker’s booth, Mako handed the young woman in the booth two single dollar bills. She handed him two tickets, in return.
After finding a place to park, the couple waited for Jackie and Jamie, and then exited their vehicles. The four of them made their way toward one of the many entrances available for the swap meet. Lorna was in awe as she saw how the large swap meet circled the whole outer ring of the Aloha stadium.
Once inside the swap meet, everyone started laughing as Jackie’s eye’s lit up like a child’s on Christmas morning. Jamie shot Lorna and Mako a, help me, look. Before anyone could say, a word Jackie took a hold of Jamie's hand and started dragging him toward a vendor’s booth. Mako erupted in laughter when Jamie shouted over his shoulder at the two of them.
“I’m going to get you both back, for putting this idea in Jackie's head.”
Just then, Jackie pulled a cute black sundress, with hot pink hibiscus floral print, off the rack. She held it up in front of Jamie. Lorna couldn’t stop her own laughter at the look of sheer torture on Jamie’s face. Oh yeah, he was most definitely going to get them back for this.
“Sweetheart, there is something I need to find while we’re here. Let’s leave Jamie to Jackie’s torture and start in the other direction.”
“Okay. What are you looking for?”
“I want to get you something special. There are a few different shops here that make them, so we should come up on one soon. Oh, there’s one right over there, next to a vendor selling the beach towels. Come on, while the line is still short.”
“Shaved ice? Are they like a snow cone?”
“We’ll share one; they are really big. They’re kind of like a snow cone, except the ice is shaved, so it is more on the fluffy side, like powdered snow. What flavor do you want? My personal favorite is pineapple and Mango mixed.”
“That sounds yummy.”
Mako informed the young girl behind the small counter what they would like and in a few moments Mako handed Lorna the icy, sweet treat. Taking a spoon full of the shaved ice, she placed it in her mouth and let it melt. Yum, Mako was right, Lorna couldn’t help but think, as she quickly scooped up another spoon full, to enjoy.
As her third bite started to melt in her mouth, she realized too late that she was eating the ice cold delight a little too fast. Pain shot through her forehead and behind her eyes. Taking a deep breath, she smacked her empty hand on her forehead and groaned in pain.
“Oops, I should have warned you about the brain freeze side effect.”
“Yeah, now you tell me.”
Lorna groaned out her response as she squeezed her eyes shut until the pain had finally begun to pass.
“Sorry, let me kiss it and make it all better.”
Mako smiled and bent over and covered Lorna’s lips with his own. She tasted of pineapple and mango and never before had those two flavors turned him on as they did at that moment. Pulling his head back, he shot her a mischievous look.
“All better?”
“It was my head that was hurting, you big goof.”
“Oops, my bad. Let me try it again.”
He bent and gave her another quick kiss, before pulling back. Taking her empty hand, he led her in the direction of the vendor’s booths again.
Mako slowed their pace, as they reached a particular vendor. He gave her a quick kiss and instruction her to stay put until he came back out. She nodded her head because her mouth was full of shaved ice, and he walked into the little canopied booth.
When Mako walked back out of the booth a few minutes later, he was carrying a small bag in his hand, and wearing one of his adorable smiles.
“I got you something. I wanted to get you something, that when you looked at it, you would always think of me.
He handed her the bag, took possession of the shaved ice and started eating it. Lorna opened the bag and pulled out a leather cord. It was a necklace, and on the bottom was a large sharks tooth, about an inch long. Surrounding both sides were four silver beads, eight in total. She ran her finger over the tooth and knew she could not hold back any longer. She needed to tell him that she did not want a long distant relationship with him. She wanted to be with him, no matter where that might be.
“Oh Mako, I love it, but I think we need to talk about us, I don’t want this to be a long distant relationship. I want this to be…”
It was at that moment that Jackie popped up and joined them out of nowhere. Clueless to the fact that she had interrupted a personal conversation, she rattled on and on.
“Oh my, God, Lorna, back the other way, you have got to see this guy in this one booth. He carves teak wood sculptors. He had his son there with him, and the little boy was just to die for, cute. He was only maybe four or five. Anyway, he was doing little wood carvings, too. It’s just, way too cute. I found this one carving that I fell in love with. It was a whale’s tail, I can’t remember what they call them, but anyway, I just couldn’t resist buying it. Jamie went to put it in the trunk of the car. So, what all have you bought?”
Lorna handed the sharks tooth necklace to Mako as he handed her back the shaved ice. Lorna turned around and pulled her hair up out of the way with her free hand as he placed the necklace around her neck. Turning back around, she showed off her new piece of jewelry to Jackie. Standing on her tip toes, she gave Mako a quick kiss. Her lips brushed his ear when she whispered to him so only he could hear.
“When we get back to the room, I promise, a proper thank you, for your gift, and we’ll finish our discussion…in private.”


~*~ Chapter 17 ~*~


The afternoon at the swap meet ended early for Lorna. Her thigh, where she had her stitches, was starting to swell and hurt. Mako knew she had done enough walking for one day
Much to Jackie’s excitement and Jamie’s horror, Lorna and Mako told them to go ahead and stay. They would all meet up at the restaurant, at six o'clock. 
With bags in hand, Mako and Lorna entered the elevator of her hotel, and the door eased closed. Just as the elevator started to travel up, her phone dinged; informing her she had a text message. She pulled her cell phone out of her small backpack purse and without even looking at the sender’s number, opened up the text messages. Immediately she dropped her phone like it was covered in poisonous snakes. She stared down at it in horror.
Mako saw the look of sheer terror on Lorna’s face and bent over and retrieved the discarded phone. Fury flooded his body as he read the message left for Lorna.

Whore, u can’t hide from me, 4 ever. Your new boyfriend can’t watch you 24 hours a day and when he slips up… u r all mine!

With his jaw clenched in anger, he pulled his own cell phone out and hit speed dial. A now familiar voice answered.
“You need to get back to the hotel. Lorna just got another text message from this asshole, and I want this shit to stop, one way or another. Whatever calls you need to make… make them. If I’m forced to hunt this guy down, I promise there won’t be much left of him when I get done.”
Ending the call, he pulled Lorna’s shaking body against his chest and held her tightly. There was no way he would ever let that asshole lay one finger on her head, no way.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ 

The light knock sounded on the connecting door to Lorna’s room. Mako left Lorna’s side, where he had curled up with her on the bed and answer the door. After what seemed like forever, Lorna had finally fallen into a restless sleep. Even now, in sleep, her body still seemed to tremble.
Opening the door, Mako walked from Lorna’s darkened room, into Jackie’s. He met the worried face of Lorna’s best friend and the determined expression that Jamie, now wore. Leaving the door opened a few inches, he stepped farther into the room.
Mako looked from Jamie to Jackie and back again. He tipped his head towards Jackie’s main door, in a sign that told Jamie and he needed to speak in private.
“Oh, no you don’t. You two are not leaving me out of this. Lorna is my best friend, and I want to know what you two are planning on doing to put this sicko behind bars.” 
Mako narrowed his eyes at Jamie, in a questioning manner and Jamie just shrugged his shoulders in response.
“She kind of figured out what was going on and then coerced the rest out of me last night. I’m telling you, for a tiny woman, she can be lethal.”
Jackie frowned at Jamie and then proceeded to smack him in the stomach with the back of her hand. Her reminder to him that she was not going to shut out of any conversation they were about to have.
“Fine, right now, what matters to me is that we find this guy and stop him. What were you able to find out?”
“Well, the first thing I found out is, he has changed up vehicles. I don’t know how he has done it, but he must have several fake ID’s. The first vehicle, the Toyota Tundra, he turned in right after he tried to run Lorna down, Tuesday. The rental company said they rented it to a Jon Smith, from Portland Oregon. To say this man has no imagination when it comes to aliases is an understatement. Your office is running through all the car rental companies on the island as we speak. But this being Hawaii, there will be a lot of names on that list.
Second of all, they also did a check with the local taxi companies. Tuesday, a man fitting his description, hired a taxi, and they picked him up in front of the car rental business. The same one where he had dropped off the Toyota. They dropped him off down by Waikiki beach. But they said that no one remembered picking him up again. Which tells me he is using another taxi company and or wearing a disguise.
From the look of it, he has been planning this for several months. He quit his job, nearly two months ago and dropped off the radar. He arrived on the island a few days before Lorna and Jackie did. He had this whole thing planned out, except for one thing. He never factored you into his equation. I don’t think he’s figured me out yet, either. I hope that will give us some sort of advantage.”
Jackie turned and started poking Jamie in the chest. She made it quite clear to Jamie that she was not going to stand for them leaving her out of the details any longer.
“Okay, I have heard enough of this he, he, he, crud. If you two know who this is, I want a name. Now. Or some FBI Special Agent is going to find himself in the hallway having a camp out with a pillow and blanket.”
Jackie stood toe to toe with Jamie, staring up at his six foot three body, from her own five-foot viewpoint. Hands fisted at her side; she waited while Jamie stood there giving Mako a, help a buddy out, look. Mako raised his hands in surrender and backed away from the couple.
“Jackie, please…”
“Don’t you dare, Jackie please, me, buddy! You had better start talking. And it better be now!”
“Grrr, you know you are the most infuriating woman I have ever met, right? Fine, the “he” in question, is the same person I have been tracking for the last five months. He's wanted in connection with fifteen different rapes, in two states and three homicides. Over the last several months, three of his victims didn’t survive, the beatings that he inflicted on them. Are you ready for this, our suspect is none other than, one Bradley Franklin Brooks.”
Jackie let out an audible gasp of shock. She covered her mouth with both of her hands and sat down heavily in the chair right behind her. All she could do was stare wide-eyed at Jamie as she let his words completely sink in.
“Oh my God, Lorna was right. She said he had been acting strange for a while, and it freaked her out so bad, that she broke off their engagement. She said he would take off at night and wouldn’t come home for hours and hours. And when he would finally make it home, he would always put his clothes straight into the washing machine and then take a shower right after. In the end, it had gotten so bad, that she started to keep track of his behavior, in a journal.”
Both men’s mouths were hanging open in surprise at the new information. Finally, Jamie was the one to speak. 
“What did you just say? There is a journal of his nightly movements? Dates and times?”
“Yes, I think so?”
Just then Jamie’s cell phone began to ring.
“Samuels.”
Jamie listened to the caller give him an update.
“That's just the break we needed, get it out on the wire,  get me a warrant APB on this guy, ASAP. Let me know when it’s ready. I’m not going to let this scumbag walk the streets another day.”
After ending the call, he turned towards Mako and Jackie.
“Well, we've luckily gotten several breaks in the case. A fingerprint on the back of the rearview mirror of the rented Toyota was a matched to Bradley Brooks. Also, his last victim in Seattle has come out of her coma. She positively ID’d Bradley Brooks as the man who raped and beat her. She also told Seattle PD and my partner, that after the rape, when he was beating her, he kept screaming another women’s name at her.”
Mako held his gaze as a horrible thought sent chills throughout his body.
“Whose name was he screaming?”
“Lorna's.”
“Who kept screaming my name?”
All three of them turned and stared at Lorna standing in the doorway that connected the two rooms.
Mako walked over to her and led her to Jackie’s bed.
“Sweetheart, I think it’s time you know what’s going on with your stalker, and I think you’ll need to sit down to hear it.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako sat next to Lorna on the bed and wrapped a supportive arm around her shoulders. She gasped as Jamie held out his hand to her and introduced himself as Special Agent James Samuels of the FBI. She listened to him over the next half an hour, as he went into detail of what was happening. But when Jamie spoke the name of the person responsible for all of it. Lorna froze in horror at the thought of Bradley being responsible. She knew there had been something off about Bradley. But never in her wildest nightmares, would she have thought him capable of doing all this. Finally, all the pieces of the puzzle started to fit together as Lorna worked everything out in her mind.
Then a light bulb went off in her mind, as she finally realized where she had seen Jamie before.
“I know where I’ve seen you before. It just came to me. You were at that press conference, with the head of the SVU unit of Seattle. You were standing right next to him, at the podium.”
Jamie nodded his head and offered up an apology.
“Yeah, sorry I had to mislead you. But at the time, it was for the best, I couldn’t have you out me, by accident. I think Mr. Brooks still doesn’t have any clue to who I am and I want to keep it that way. Jackie was telling us about the journal you kept on Mr. Brooks’ movements. What all does it have in it? I’m hoping it will help us with this investigation.”
“Umm yeah, it’s sitting on the dresser in the spare room of Jackie’s apartment. I started it, after dealing with Bradley’s strange behavior for a few months. Oh, it must have six or seven months of entries. I’m a writer, so when I get upset or nervous, I write. I know all the entries will have dates. Also, the majority of them will state the time he left and returned and it will also give whatever lame ass excuse he gave me. Also mentioned in the journal is when he went out of town for business, most of the time he only went to Portland, though. But it’s in there. I also kept track of when and how many times he called.”
“Lorna, you have no idea how much of a help this is. First thing in the morning, I’ll send agents over to the apartment and have the journal picked up.”
“Of course, anything to help with the case.”
Lorna looked at Jamie and a sense of guilt washed over her. Was she the cause of all these terrible things that Bradley had done to those poor women?
“Jamie, can you tell me why he has done all this? Am I the reason for all those women being…?”
Lorna lost hold of her emotions before she could even finish her sentence. This was her fault. She must have done something to trigger this kind of response in Bradley.
“This is not your fault, sweetheart. Bradley is a psychopath; you had nothing to do with what he has done. He is mentally unstable that’s not your fault.”
“Mako is right. The rapes actual started before he met you, and then stopped for a brief while. Then about Eleven months ago, he started back up again. But over the course of the last several months they have escalated in intensity.”
“I know what caused his behavior to become more violent. The day I saw you on TV during that press conference, well the night before, I had broken off our engagement.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Over the next few hours, the foursome set out their plan. Mako and Jamie were on the phone with one person or another, the entire night as the final details hammered out.
It was now the wee hours of the morning. They had just finished a quick meal of sandwiches from room service and now decided to call it a night. If tomorrow went according to their plan, it was going to be a busy day. 
After saying goodnight to Jackie and Jamie, Mako and Lorna headed back into Lorna’s room. After they had both gotten ready for bed, Lorna laid in Mako’s arms as he held her close to his chest. Just the feel of her there made some of the anger he had felt over the last few hours, vanish. But soon, a sense of peace he found in Lorna’s arms turned to fear. Fear, that something might go wrong with their plan. Fear that he could lose the woman he loved.
Lorna turned her head into his shoulder and breathed in his now familiar scent. A sense of peace and safety flowed over her, and she knew that as long as he was with her, nothing bad would ever happen to her.
“Mako, we need to talk. I tried to talk to you earlier, but Jackie interrupted us, at the swap meet.”
She felt Mako’s body stiffen with anticipation. She reached up to her neck and touched the shark tooth necklace; he had given to her, this afternoon.
“I don’t want a remembrance of you to take back to Seattle with me because, well, to be honest, I don’t want to go back to Seattle. My life isn’t there anymore; it’s here, with you. If I left here without telling you that, I would hate myself forever. I love you. In case, something should go wrong tomorrow, I wanted you to know how I feel about you, and about us.”
“Sweetheart, I won’t let anything go wrong tomorrow, I promise. I love you too much, to let that happen. We’ll figure all this out because I don’t want you to go anywhere either unless it’s home with me.”
Mako pulled her even tighter to his chest and placed a kiss on the top of her head, before pulling the comforter over both of them. They would figure out their future once this whole mess with Bradley was finally over, and he was securely behind bars. For several minutes, Mako laid with the woman he loved in his arms as all the details of the next day’s plans, played over and over in his mind. This had to go off without a hitch; it just had to. Because there was no way, he could lose Lorna. Not after he had just found her. Mentally exhausted, Mako finally drifted off into a restless sleep.


~*~ Chapter 18 ~*~


By eleven, o'clock the next morning, everyone assigned to the case, was in position. Undercover FBI agents and Police officers, from the Honolulu PD, were all in place. All of them in key locations, posing as tourists, for backup, if needed. Waikiki Beach was a busy tourist attraction. It was priority one, not to endanger any innocent bystanders, during this operation.
Jamie once again donned on his own tourist disguise. He took up his position inside a hotel parking garage. It was only a mere half a block away from the entrance to Waikiki beach. He pulled himself back into the shadows and knelt down behind the first car. He could see out the parking garage door, and tourists as made their way to and from the beach. From this vantage point, he would be able to see Lorna make her way down to the beach. But no one would be able to spot him in the darkened garage, where he had tucked himself in the corner.
He reached into the pocket of his cargo shorts and felt the cold steel of his 9mm tucked securely away, just in case he needed it. The constant squawk in his ear told him that his radio’s ear piece was still working. He felt a sense of relief to know he would be in constant communication with everyone involved in the operation.
Moments ago, he had received an update. The talk on the radio was that they had seen an individual matching Brooks’ description. The suspect was hanging around the International Market. They had a man under surveillance, as he made his way around the downtown area. Within the next twenty minutes, their operation would begin. Lorna and Mako would deploy their little fight performance for everyone within a blocks area, to witness. With any luck, shortly they would snare this scumbag and put him behind bars for the rest of his miserable life.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ 

On the ride down the elevator, Mako held a nervous Lorna in his arms. She had been jumpy all morning, and she had every right to be. He had assured her at least a dozen times that everything would be okay. Now it all boiled down to their acting ability. He just had to force himself to keep a clear head, as he allowed her to walk down the sidewalk without him. Bait, for a psycho serial rapist and murderer.
Once the elevator stopped on the ground floor and the door opened, Mako released Lorna, took a hold of her hand and exited the lift. They made it out through the front double doors of the hotel and stepped out onto the busy sidewalk. Their planned performance, for Bradley’s sake, would now begin.
Lorna yanked her hand out of Mako’s and turned to face off with him, in a loud booming voice, People stopped on the sidewalk and began to stare at the two of them.
“Mako, I told you a hundred times, I need some space away from everyone, including you! Just back off, and let me go for a damn walk! I’m not five years old! I don’t need you breathing down my neck all the time!”
“I never said you were five years old. All I said was that right now it is not safe for you to be walking around by yourself…and it’s not! So like it or not, I am going with you!”
“Oh my God, can’t you see you’re smothering me! Don’t you realize that I need some space to clear my head! You know what? I’m done with this, and I am done with you! I’m hopping the next flight back home because we are so over, buddy!”
Even though Mako knew this was all an act, her words still stung. She abruptly turned on her heels and began down the sidewalk, towards the beach. Mako reached out to grab her arm, but she yanked it way from his grasp.
“Lorna, please, be reasonable. If you won’t let me go with you, at least wait until Jackie gets back from shopping? You’re acting like a spoiled child.”
“Be reasonable? I’ve tried being reasonable with you. But you don’t hear a word I have to say. So now, I’m doing what the hell I want. Good-bye Mako, I hope you have a great life!”
Without looking back at Mako, Lorna stormed away. She stomped her way down the sidewalk, heading straight towards the beach as planned. Her pace, as requested, was somewhat slower than her normal long-legged stride, as Jamie had instructed her to do. This was a fishing trip, of sorts, he had explained. The FBI was using her as some sort of human trolling bait, to capture their prey.
As Mako instructed her, she scanned the streets out of the corner of her eyes. She was looking for anyone that seemed out of the ordinary. Jamie mentioned to her that Bradley would most likely be in some type of disguise. He asked her to look for anyone that seemed off, or going overboard to blend in, but not to seem obvious about the fact she was watching out for them.
She came to the intersection and waited for the crosswalk sign to change to walk. It seemed like it took forever for the crosswalk sign to show the little stick figure walking. Once it did, she made her away across the street in a slow, measured manner. She drew several honks from cars at the light, waiting to turn the corner because she was taken so long to cross the street.
As she drew closer to the beach, her nerves started to kick in. The hair on the back of her neck was standing on end as a sudden wave of terror flooded her whole body. Something was off, but what? She glanced around her surroundings and saw nothing but a few people dressed in bikinis and swimming attire walking past her. Nothing that would warrant this kind of intense response.
She had just passed the shaved ice stand on her right and was making her way by, what looked like a hotel's parking garage, when out of nowhere, someone came up behind her, snatched her by her ponytail and began to drag her backward. A split second later, she was inside the parking garage. It all happened so fast; she didn’t even have a chance to scream or even react. One minute she was walking down the sidewalk and the next, she had a hand over her mouth, and she was in the dark shadows of the parking garage. When she stopped and got a gauge of her surroundings, she realized that she was against the back wall. Out of everyone’s sight.
The hand lifted off of her face, and she opened her mouth to scream. Before she could, her attacker shoved some type of cloth into her mouth. In an instant, she was on the cold concrete floor as a knee came down hard on her chest. Terror, like she had never felt before, washed over her. Eyes wide with fear, she stared up at the face hovering above hers. He was hiding behind a pair of mirror sunglasses and a baseball cap. But there was no doubt, this was the same man who had been stalking her for days. The same man who tried to run her over and at one point had asked her to marry him.
“I told you, whore, that it wouldn’t be possible for that boyfriend of yours to watch you, twenty-four hours a day. As I promised, you’re mine now, and you will be, until the day you die. And that day depends on you, whether it comes today or tomorrow, but I promise you, it will come. And until then, you and I are going to have some fun, aren’t we baby?”
Bradley pinned both her arms down to her sides and held them down with his knees as he changed his position and straddled her upper torso. Sitting down on her stomach, he reached down and managed to rip the front of Lorna’s t-shirt open, from the top all the way down to the bottom. His roughly grabbed both of her breasts with his hands and squeezed them hard. Lorna’s tried to scream around the rag that was in her mouth. She knew, if she didn’t try to fight back somehow, he was going to kill her right here in this parking garage. Fighting with everything she had, she worked her right hand out from where he had it pinned to her side. She reached up with her hand and struggled to get a hold of whatever she could reach on his face. At this point, she did not care what she got a hold of. Face, neck, or eyes, as long as it was Bradley’s flesh she could dig her nails into.
“Yeah baby, struggle for me. I loved it when women struggled. It gets me turned on. But, I’m afraid in the end, just like the rest of them, it won’t do you any good.
Lorna tried to scream again, but it was useless, she knew no one would be able to hear her.
“No matter how many women I had, there was only one problem with them. They just weren’t you, Lorna. No matter how hard I tried to picture you in their place as I fucked them, it wasn’t enough. It never made a difference how hard I beat them, heard them scream out in terror or pain or watch their blood spill out of their body; it never change that one simple fact. They weren’t you, baby.”
Bradley pulled back his hand as if to strike her. Desperate now, Lorna tried to scream around the gag in her mouth. But still, the sound was not audible. In the blink of an eye, something silver in Bradley’s hand glinted off of the dim light of the garage. Lorna knew right then and there; she was going to die. Scenes of her life flashed before her, as she wished with everything she had that she could tell Mako she loved him just one more time.
 She made one last attempt as she clawed at Bradley’s face.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Jamie watched in shocked surprise, as a figure stepped off the elevator, in the parking garage. The familiar man made his way toward the exit, leading out towards the beach. He stopped just shy of stepping out of the doorway and blended into the background as he pressed his chest into the entryway. 
There was no doubt in Jamie's mind; this was Bradley Brooks. From the looks of it, the low life slime had been hiding in this hotel for over a week now. Jamie would bet a year’s salary that Bradley Brooks had a room facing the city side of the hotel. All Bradley had to do was, have a seat out on his balcony and he could watch Lorna coming and going as he pleased. Son of a bitch, he had been right under their noses the whole entire time.
Jamie started to stand out of his crouch and was about to make his move on Bradley when Bradley jumped towards the entrance of the garage. Fast as a snake’s strike, he twisted Lorna's hair around his hand and yanked her backward. Within seconds, he had her past four cars. He pulled her along, until turning down between a Large SUV and a jeep to hide them from plain view of people walking by the garage. By the time he stopped, he had them both tucked up against the back wall of the garage. A mere twenty feet away from where Jamie crouched in the dark shadow.
Jamie slipped off his flip-flops and drew his 9mm from the pocket of his cargo shorts. As quiet as possible, Jamie made his way towards the now struggling couple. It was apparent that he had shoved something in Lorna’s mouth because her screams sounded muffled. Lorna was doing her best to claw at his face, but she just couldn’t reach her targeted areas. Jamie took aim, on Bradley’s, as he crept forward. He didn’t announce himself as he continued forward. Jamie felt sick as he listened to Bradley gloat about everything he had done to his victims. He seemed to get off on the terror he had caused them.
Once Bradley had finished his disturbed speech, he pulled back his hand as if he was going to slap Lorna. But at the last second, he flipped his wrist, and that's when Jamie saw it, a butterfly knife.
Stepping out of the shadows to tower over Bradley Brooks, Jamie shouted out his warning.
“FBI! Drop your weapon and step back, NOW!

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Lorna heard a familiar voice shout out a warning and Bradley’s eyes locked with hers as he paused for only the briefest of moments. The resolve she saw in his eyes spoke volumes. He wasn’t going to stop, until one or both of them were dead.
Bradley gave Lorna an evil smirk, before bringing the knife down towards her. Lorna knew that he was a dead man, and he was most likely taking her with him. Lorna closed her eyes and fought with all she had to sit up at the last second, but only managed to lift her head. A half a heartbeat later, she heard a shot ring out and echoed to the point of being deafening in the parking garage. Moisture sprayed her face just as dead weight slammed into her body. Her head bounced off the concrete, and all the air came rushing out of her lungs from the impact.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako couldn’t stand the waiting any longer. Even though the update he had just received had said that she was almost to the beach, Mako couldn’t shake the bad feeling he had. When the next report came in over the radio that she had just vanished into thin air, Mako panicked. Somehow they had lost sight of her between the street corner and the beach a mere block away. To make matter’s worse, Jamie wasn’t responding as well. Something was happening, and he was going to find out what it was. Rushing out of the hotel lobby, Mako ran in the direction that Lorna had traveled just minutes before. He scoured every possible hiding spot along the way as he ran. He didn’t wait for the crosswalk light at the corner, to change. He ran out into to traffic, weaving around cars blaring their horns at him.
Just as he was running past the hotel parking garage to his right, he heard Jamie shout out a warning and his heart constricted in his chest. Turning on his heels, he ran full out into the parking garage, just as a gun fired. His heart almost stopped at the horrifying sound.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Jamie watched in horror, as Bradley ignored the command to drop his weapon and lifted the knife over his head. Just as the knife started downward to stab Lorna, Bradley Brooks had left Jamie with no other option. Jamie fired his revolver. The sound of the gun going off in the parking garage was deafening. Jamie watched as the bullet hit its target, Bradley’s heart. The next thing he saw was Bradley’s limp body land hard on top of Lorna.
At the sound of rapid footsteps approaching, Jamie turned towards the individual running his way. The sound of Mako’s desperate cry for the woman he loved was heartbreaking.
“Lorna, oh God, please no! No!”
Mako passed Jamie and made his way over to the two individuals lying motionless on the cold cement floor. Mako rolled Bradley’s lifeless body off of Lorna. She laid on the cement floor covered what Mako hoped was Bradley Brooks’ blood. Her eyes were closed, but thank heaven she was breathing. With his hand, he wiped some of the splattered blood off her face, before pulling the rag out of her mouth. He heard voices in the background, but his priority was the woman in front of him. Lifting her limp body off the now blood-soaked concrete floor, he pulled her into his arms and cradled her to his chest. Using his free hand, he checked her body for any sign of injuries, but there was so much blood, he couldn’t tell if any of it was hers.
Laying his forehead on hers, he began to rock her as he spoke to her in a low, soothing voice. 
“Come on sweetheart, you need to open your eyes for me. Your safe now and nothing will ever hurt you again. Come on babe, I love you, Lorna, and I need to see those gorgeous blue eyes of yours.”
In the background, Mako was barely aware of Jamie calling out orders. Agents and officers alike began to swarm the parking garage as they worked together to secure the scene. But for Mako, the only thing on his mind, was Lorna He looked down at Lorna’s chest and noticed that her breathing had become stronger.
A faint moan passed her lips, and Mako looked down in surprise. He buried his head in her hair and sent up a silent prayer of thanks that she was going to be okay.
“Sweetheart, it’s me. Come on and open those beautiful blue eyes of yours.”
After several long heartbeats, Lorna’s eyes began to open and her gaze, locked with his. She lifted her left hand and brushed her fingertips across his cheek as she spoke to him in a weak voice.
“You’re crying?”
“I thought I had lost you, sweetheart.”
“You can't get rid of me that easy.”
Lorna tried to sit up but winced in pain. She reached around her head and touched what appeared to be a tender spot. Mako replaced her hand with his, as he felt the swollen lump.
 Jamie walked up beside them and put his hand on Mako’s shoulder.
“EMT’s are here? How’s she doing?"
“She has a nasty bump on the back of her head, so it wouldn’t hurt to have an EMT take a look at her.”
“Please Mako, I don’t want to go to the hospital, again, I just want to go back to my room and lay down for a bit.”
“Sweetheart, just let the EMT’s check out that nasty bump on the back of your head, okay? Then I promise, I’ll take you back to your room.”
Lorna caught movement to her left and glanced over. Bradley’s dead eyes were staring right at her. A numbness washed over her whole body, as she watched his lifeless body being lifted up and placed in a black body bag that sat on a gurney. For some reason, she couldn’t stop herself from staring until they zipped up the bag.
Turning back to Mako, she buried her face in his chest.
“Okay, I’ll go get checked out by the EMT. But promise me you won’t leave me.”
“I promise, I’ll never leave you.”
Pulling her tighter to his chest, he stood with her in his arms and made his way to the waiting EMT unit.


~*~ Chapter 19 ~*~


For four days since the craziness with Bradley Brooks had ended, all Mako could think about was what he wanted out of life. Who he wanted to share that life with. There was only one answer to that question, without a doubt, it was Lorna. He couldn’t picture his life without her. He now knew that a long distant relationship wasn’t going to work for him. He needed the woman he loved right by his side, for the rest of his life.
Most likely, his family would think he had lost his mind when he broke the news to them. But they already thought he was nuts for becoming a cop and not taking over the family business. So there was nothing new there.
Nick had tried to express his opinion on the matter, as well. His best friend had told him that he need to take it slow so they could get to know each other better. But that was the point, what his friend didn’t understand was, they did know each other. They knew each other better than a lot of married couples.
Kissing the top of Lorna’s head, Mako eased his arms from around her and scooted off the bed. Scooping up a set of fresh clothes from his duffle bag. He walked into the bathroom for a shower. After dressing, he walked back into the room and leaned down and placed a light kiss Lorna’s lips. Her eye’s fluttered opened, and she smiled sleepily up at him before she wrapped her arms around his neck. If she had asked at that moment, he would have been more than happy to crawl back into bed with her for the rest of the day.
“Sweetheart, I have some things I have to get done today, so I won’t be able to go with you and Jackie to Hanauma Bay. You’re going to love it there, though. It’s breathtaking. But I promise I’ll be back early this evening, and we’ll have dinner with Jackie and Jamie as planned.”
A frown appeared on her face and Mako kissed her several more times until her smile returned.
“What? Do you have work to do? Do they want you to cut your vacation time short or something?”
“No sweetheart, this has nothing to do with work at the police department. I need to swing by my family’s plantation and talk to my grandmother, for a bit. Then I have some errands that I need to take care of.”
“You don’t want your family to meet me?”
“No, that's not it at all. Of course, I want them to meet you. But I want you to have fun today. If I happen to run into my parents, I don’t want you to have to listen to them complaining about my career choice. If anything, I’m afraid it would scare you off if you met them right now. Now go back to sleep and I’ll see you later today. I promise.”
Lorna nodded her head, and Mako tucked the covers around her as she snuggled back into the pillow. Mako walked to the door and looked back at Lorna lying on the bed and knew that was a sight he wanted to see every morning for the rest of his life.
Walking out the door, Mako made his way down the long hallway, to the bank of elevators. Fifteen minutes later, he was in his truck, heading for his grandmother’s house on the back side of the plantation. If anyone could understand what Mako was feeling towards Lorna right now, it was his Kuku wahine.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako turned down a long paved driveway, thirty minutes later. He drove past the turn to his parent's home and continued on. He followed the driveway until it ended at the much smaller and more modest home of his grandmother. His grandfather had passed away several years ago. So now it was only his grandmother rambling around the original home to the plantation.
Pulling his truck up in front of the home, he turned off the engine and exited the truck. He made his way up the stairs and across the huge porch that took up the length of the front of the home. Taking a deep breath, for a little added courage and he raised his hand to knocked on the door. The doors were original to the old plantation styled home. Made out of beautiful antique teak wood with pineapples carved into them.
A few moments later, the door opened to show his grandmother standing in front of him. Her face lit up with a smile as she looked up into his face.
“Ku'u lei Mako, come here and give your Kuku wahine a hug.”
Mako bent over to accommodate her short stature and gave his grandmother a gigantic hug, lifting her off the floor in the process.
She slapped at his shoulders until he sat her back down on her feet.
“So ku'u lei, what do I owe the honor of such a surprise visit?”
“I came by to see your smiling face. I also need to get some advice from you. That is if you’re not busy.”
“I’m never too busy for my favorite grandson.”
“Well, you only have two grandsons and considering the other one is Ricky, I should hope I'm your favorite.”
Mako’s grandmother chuckled at the joke they had shared for years.
“That is neither here nor there, come sit with me, I want to hear all about why your face is all lit up like a child at Christmas. If I’m not mistaken, I think you are in love, ku'u lei.”
Mako’s mouth dropped open in surprise, at how his grandmother could read him so easily.
“Mako, don’t act so surprised, it's written all over your face, now come and tell me all about her. By your appearance here, I’m assuming there is something you need to talk to me about. Maybe something that pertains to this woman who has stolen your heart.
Mako smiled at his grandmother and followed her into the living where he took a seat next to her on the couch. He spent the next half hour relaying the story of how Lorna and he had met. His grandmother seemed overjoyed with the thought of her favorite grandson finding love.
Before he left his grandmother’s home, she stopped him at the door and asked him to wait a moment as she left the room. When she returned, she handed him a small box and kissed him on the cheek.
“Ku'u lei Mako, you have my blessing, and I hope soon, to meet this special woman of yours.”
Mako thanked his grandmother and promised that, indeed if he had his way about it, she would be meeting Lorna real soon.
With a good-bye hug and a kiss on the cheek, Mako made his way back to his truck and his future.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Friday morning for Lorna had been hectic to say the least. Jackie had crammed as much sightseeing and shopping into their last full day in Oahu as she could. Jackie had managed to drag Lorna to the Honolulu zoo, the aquarium, which Lorna had to admit, was pretty cool. Now they were making their way through the International Market as her friend picked up last minute souvenirs.
Jamie had left on a flight back to Seattle early that morning. Which meant that Lorna had spent an hour consoling her tearful best friend. Lorna had overheard Jamie tell Jackie several times not to cry. She would be seeing him in less than two days. But in a new relationship, two days could feel like two years. That thought made Lorna think of what lay ahead for her.
Tomorrow, when she would have to finally say goodbye to Mako and begin their long distant relationship. It would not be just two days for them. No, they were looking at months or more, before they could see each other again. That is if Mako did not decide that the long distance thing, just was not working out for him.
Over the last few days, Mako had not said one word about their relationship. Much to Lorna’s disappointment. But what did she expect, in less than two weeks, he would get down on his knees and beg her to stay with him? No, she lived in the real world, and the real world sucked. She counted her blessings that he told her at least a dozen times a day that he loved her. But she could not shut up that little voice in the back of her mind. That little voice that kept telling her heart that maybe he had changed his mind. Maybe he did not want their relationship to continue after she left here. Maybe something had changed between them, and she had not noticed it.
Jackie’s squeal of excitement jarred Lorna out of her trip down Self Pity Lane. And back to the here and now. She stared at her friend as she held up a gorgeous Hawaiian print dress Lorna had ever seen.
“Oh Lorna, this will be perfect for your dinner with Mako tonight. The contrast between the black of the material and the electric blue hibiscus print will make your eyes almost glow. Oh, and if you add one my white plumeria hair pins behind your ear, you will be a Hawaiian knockout.”
Jack was right the sarong-style dress would look great on her. Making her way over to the rack, she chose her correct size and another dress in a halter design with bright purple hibiscus print. Jackie, the bargain master, negotiated the price down to only thirty-five dollars for both dresses. Lorna watched as the vendor folded, then bagged up her dresses, then handed her the bag.
Now, All Lorna had to do was kill the three hours until her date with Mako.
Lorna knew whatever the night held for her; it would be life changing, one way or another.


~*~ Chapter 20 ~*~


A few minutes before eight o'clock, Mako arrived at Lorna’s hotel room door. Dressed in a pair of black dress slacks, powder blue button-down dress shirt, and a dark blue Hawaiian floral pattern tie. His nerves caused him to tug at the tie, before taking a deep breath and knocking on the door. Within moments, the door opened, and the vision that greeted him left him speechless for a moment. Mako could not stop staring at the most beautiful sight he had ever seen.
At Mako’s stunned expression, Lorna looked down at herself, like she had missed something.
“What? Is there something wrong with the dress?”
“I’m searching for the right words to describe you, right now. Because beautiful and gorgeous don’t do you justice. Awww I’ve got it, you’re breathtaking, because as soon as my eye’s landed on you, you took my breath away.”
Mako watched as color stained Lorna’s cheeks and he could not resist leaning in and stealing a kiss from her.
“Are you ready to go? We have reservations at the restaurant downstairs for eight o'clock. Then I thought we would go for a short walk along the beach if that sounds okay to you?”
“It sounds perfect.”
Lorna reached for her small purse and key card then closed the door behind her. Taking her free hand, Mako placed it in the crook of his arm as they made their way down the hallway to the elevator.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

When Malana led them to the table that Jackie, Jamie and she, had sat at the first night they had arrived in Honolulu, Lorna almost cried. That had been when she had first met Mako, and he had remembered. That night seemed like years ago, but, in fact, it had only been a few weeks. Her whole life had changed, in that one single night.
Mako walked around to her side of the table and held her chair out for her. Once she took her seated, he slid her chair in for her. Walking around to the other side of the table, he took his own seat.
“I can’t believe you remembered.”
“Sweetheart, I remember everything, about the night I first met you.”
When the waiter arrived, Mako ordered them a bottle of champagne.
“Champagne? Are we celebrating something?”
“Maybe.”
Just then, the waiter walked up to the table, with a bucket full of ice and a bottle of chilled champagne. After he had popped the cork, he poured them both a half a glass and then took his leave. As Lorna studied her menu, she could feel Mako watching her out of the corner of his eyes. Finally giving up on the menu, she closed it and placed it at the end of the table.
“Sweetheart, do you know what you want?”
“Yes, you.”
Mako chuckled and closed his menu, as well.
When the waiter returned, they placed their order. While they waited, Mako asked Lorna about her day and laughed as she told him about her whirlwind See-Honolulu-in- one-day event, they had had. As she watched Mako, for some reason she sensed that he was nervous, but why?
After they had finished their meal, Mako picked up the check and left a generous tip. Taking Lorna’s hand in his, he walked them out the front door of the hotel and onto the sidewalk.
They walked the two blocks in silence. Lorna leaned her head on Mako’s shoulder and hung on to his arm, like he might try to escape her, at any moment. Once they reached the beach, Mako helped Lorna step out of her sandals, and then he removed his own shoes and socks. He wrapped his free arm around her shoulder as the made their way in the direction of Diamond Head.
They had only walked a short distance when she felt Mako take a deep breath and stop. In the next heartbeat, he turned them to face the Pacific Ocean. It sparkled like jewels from the reflection of the moon and stars above.
“Lorna, I don’t think I can do the long distant relationship thing.”
Oh great, here it comes, the big brush off. 
Lorna could already feel her heart start to splinter into tiny shards of pain and misery.
“But you said…”
“I know what I said, but it’s just not going to work for me only seeing you once or twice a year. So, I came up with an alternative that works better for me, and I'm hoping for you as well.”
“An alternative? What kind of alternative?”
“Ku'u lei, male ana e pili mai aloha kaua?”
“What?”
“It’s Hawaiian, and it translates to; Beloved, we two will cling to love in marriage. It is a Hawaiian marriage proposal.”
Tears filled her eyes as she watched Mako sink down to one knee in the sand. He removed a tiny box out of his pocket. Lorna swiped at her tears, so she could see. Her gaze locked on the antique art deco diamond engagement ring, nestled in a small velvet box. 
“This belonged to my great grandmother, and then passed on to my grandmother. She promised it to me because I’m her favorite grandson. So, what do you say, Lorna Hamlin?” 
“How do you say, forever in Hawaiian?”
Mako gave her a huge smile, before answering her question.
“Mau loa.”
“I hope I say this right. Ku'u lei, male ana e pili mai aloha kaua, mau loa. I love you, Mako Kahala and yes, I’ll marry you…”

Bonus Read
Sample of


Tropical Breeze

Book Two

Tropical Escape Series

By Anne Marie Beck

Published by Anne Marie Beck sat Smashwords.com
Copyright 07/2014 Anne Marie Beck



~*~ Prologue ~*~


Lorna sat at the dark brown and cream granite breakfast nook, of her Oahu, island home. She pinched the bridge of her nose in frustration as she listened to Jackie, her best friend in the whole wide world. Jackie had asked the same question now, at least a dozen time in the last five minutes. But as fast as Jackie was chatting, there was no doubt in Lorna’s mind that she had consumed great quantities of caffeine that day.
“Oh Lorna, I’m so excited about all this. I just can’t wait to get back there. You have no idea how much I’ve missed you. Are you sure that Mako is okay with Jamie, Sam and I staying with the two of you? I mean really, it’s not that big of a thing for us to get a hotel room for a week. I don't want the big guy too…”
“Jackie, I’ve told you at least a dozen times, now. This was Mako’s idea, and if you ask me again, when you get here I will make you pay for it. You know we’ve got a whole week planned out, well except for the few things that Mako’s mom has planned. This time, you, Jamie and now Sam will get to do some sightseeing. And it won't be all crammed into one day.”
“Oh, Lorna I can’t wait to get to see you again. Just think of how much trouble we can get into when we have a whole week.  Oh, oh, oh, and let’s not forget the wedding. I’ve never been a maid of honor before. This is going to be one big fabulous adventure. I’m so excited.”
“Umm, I can tell. Jackie how many cups of coffee have you had today?”
Umm, let’s see, there was the three this morning, I picked up an iced coffee, when I went grocery shopping. I had another iced mocha with lunch. So, the answer to your question is five. Why do you want to know?
“Jack, I think you need to cut down your coffee consumption to say, two, maybe three cups a day. You’re like a turbocharged, and you're talking a mile a minute. How are you going to help me deal with Mako’s mom when you get here if you are all turbo’d out on caffeine? 
I was hoping that you and Sam could be my go-between. Mako's mom just hasn’t grasped the concept of a small and intimate, sunset, beach wedding. If I let her have her way, half of Oahu would be invited. I need you both to keep her distracted enough, so the bride and groom don’t go absolutely bonkers, before the big day.”
“Oh, speaking of Sam, she told me to tell you thank you! Thank you! Thank you, for the plane tickets. I don’t know how it's possible, but I think she is even more excited than I am if you can believe it. She also mentioned that maybe you could help her find her own sexy Hawaiian God. She wants one of her very own. If that's not possible maybe a date to the wedding.”
“Well, there are plenty of them here to choose from, you know that first hand. But you had your sights set on Jamie, even before we landed on the island. Jamie, that poor man was a goner as soon as you two started talking, and he didn’t even know it.”
“Yes, he was. Speaking of my sexy blonde hunk of man, he’ll be home soon. So I better go and start dinner. Oh and before I forget, we might have some exciting news when we get there. But I’m not going to jinx it and get your hopes up, just in case it falls through. Give that big hunk of Hawaiian man a kiss on the cheek for me, and I will see you in a week.”
“Sounds good, and you three have a safe flight. Love you Jackie.”
“Same to you and the big guy. Bye.”
Lorna ended the call with Jackie and made her way to the refrigerator to prepare herself a late lunch. After she had finished, she walked through the dining room with her bowl of fresh pineapple and mango. She opened up the large sliding glass doors that exited out on the lanai and took a seat at the large round teak wood table.
As she ate her lunch, she watched the large coconut palms swayed in the gentle tropical breeze. She still couldn't get used to the fact that she was wearing shorts, tank top and flip flops in the month of February. Afternoon. 
Lorna gazed at the saltwater pool that was in their backyard and surround by at least a half dozen palm trees. Memories of the night before flooded her mind and caused her heart to speed, and her body had begun to flush with color. 
She had been sitting at her desk, in the spare bedroom. She was right in the middle of a chapter on her latest book when she had glanced up and spotted Mako walking out to the pool. He had been wearing a pair of swimming trunks that had made her mouth water. She watched him dive into the pool in an instant her book, forgotten. When he broke the surface of the pool, with water trailing down his naturally tanned body, well that had been her undoing. Within moments, she was in her bikini and headed out the sliding glass door of the lanai. Just the thought of Mako and the events that had followed in the Jacuzzi, at the end of the pool, made her blush all over again.
Oh yeah, she couldn’t believe that she had gotten so lucky to be where she was at this moment. In just one short week, she was going to be Mrs. Mako Kahala. She sighed happily at the thought of how wonderful her life had turned out. Better than she had ever hoped for. She had found the love of her life. She couldn’t ask for more than that.


~*~ Chapter 1 ~*~


Jamie was only a half an hour into their five and a half hour flight from Seattle to Honolulu. He was mentally cursing himself for having forgotten his ear buds sitting on his desk at home. Now, sandwiched between the woman he loved more than life itself and her sister. The constant, excited chatter between the two of them was enough to drive anyone over the edge. He swore, if he hadn’t known better, he would think Jackie and Samantha had hit every espresso stand in the greater Seattle area. And since Seattle is the espresso capital of the world...well that a whole lot of coffee stops.
Separated, Jackie and Samantha, usually, weren’t so talkative. But once you got the two of them excited about something and put them together, Oh my God! He could swear right now; his ears were starting to ring from it. Well, maybe that and the constant hum of the airplane’s engines
After another half hour, Jamie was kicking himself.  He should have had the foresight to take a sleeping pill before the plane had taken off. Wait, maybe he should’ve given his two companions the sleeping pills, instead. At this point he was getting desperate, so he turned toward Jackie and gave her what he hoped appeared to her as a genuine smile.
“Babe if you’re not going to use your earbuds, can I borrow them?”
“You want my IPod too, hun?”
“Umm…no, just the ear buds will be fine. I was going to pull out that murder mystery book I bought in that little convenience store at Sea-Tac. I'm just going to read for a little while. But there's so much noise, from the airplane, I won’t be able to concentrate on what I’m reading.”
“Sure sweetie, give me a second.”
Jackie leaned forward and started digging through the huge bag that she calls a purse. Within seconds, Jackie was handing him her ear buds. After thanking her and giving her a quick kiss on the lips, he placed the ear buds in his ears. In an instant, he was sighing in relief as the chatter from the two women and the constant drone of the airplane engines became a slight hum. Reaching for his bag under the seat in front of him, he pulled out his book. Soon, Jamie became lost in the draw of intrigue and murder, as he sat in almost complete and blissful silence for the next few hours.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Jackie did her best Garfield impersonation, as she pressed her face to the window next to her seat. It was all she could do, not to bounce in her seat at the sight of Oahu as it came into view. Reaching across, a now sleeping Jamie; she tapped her sister on the arm, to get her attention. Sam stopped her head bobbing to the music and removed her earbuds. She gave her older sister a “What?” look.
“I can see Oahu. So that means we’ll be landing soon. You might want to put away your IPod and get ready.”
“Oh cool, I want to see.”
Kneeling in her seat, Samantha stretched across the seats as far as she could and strained to get her first if not brief, look at the island. She had to adjust her position several times. Now, she was plaster to the back of the three seats, just to be able to look out the small window of the plane.
“Wow…that's so beautiful.”
It was then that both Jackie and Sam heard the muffled sounds coming from Sam’s midsection. Sitting back down in her seat, she gave her sister’s boyfriend an apologetic look.
“Sorry about that Jamie, I didn’t mean to smother you. You okay?”
“I will be once I get off this plane. Umm, Sam the next time you decide to look out the window, just give me a heads up. That way I don’t wake up thinking someone is trying to smother me in my sleep.”
Samantha shot Jamie her most innocent smile, before bursting out into great peals of laughter. But she couldn’t help but notice that Jamie's patience was starting to look a little frayed around the edges. Maybe she should tone back a little, for his sanity sake. Naw…Jamie was like her big brother, and he was just too much fun to torture.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Thirty frustrating minutes later, the trio exited the plane and made their way through the airport. Jamie only had one thought, get to the baggage claim area as fast as he could. Soon, Jamie realized that he was the only one out of the three that had a clear destination. He had to almost pull the two women through the arrival gate. When the stepped into the shopping area of the airport, he lost his fight to keep the women on track. Both seemed to want to check out ever shop they passed. At one point, when both of the women squealed and dart off into a shop that read “PRADA” above the entryway, Jamie panicked. Not having a choice in the matter he took a hold of the wayward duo's arms and steered them both back out of the store.
During the next ten long and exhausting minutes, Jamie had changed from FBI agent, into a woman wrangler. Finally, they stepped through the opened side of the security checkpoint and turned one last corner into the baggage area.
Loud, very loud screams of excitement erupted from Samantha and Jackie. There was no doubt in his mind the two had spotted Lorna sitting on a long concrete bench, next to their baggage claim carousel.
As started to walk towards their friend, who were now standing, Jamie saw Samantha lean towards her sister and heard her whisper to her, in a not so quiet voice.
“Oh, my God. Who is that with Lorna? That’s Mako? Oh my, God, he looks just like a young version of “The Rock.” Oh yeah, I definitely need to pick me up one or two of those to take back to Seattle with me.” 
Lorna draped a floral lei made up of orchids, over Sam and Jackie’s heads. Followed by a typical Hawaiian Aloha in greeting. Before he could even greet Mako, the three women were squealing and chatting away.
All Jamie could do was shake his head as he stepped up to Mako and held out his hand to greet his friend.
“Mako, old buddy, old pal, how’s it going?
He glanced back at the three women standing behind him and then looked back at Mako.
“Mako, are you sure you know what you have gotten yourself into? Those three women…together…in one house, for a week!”
Mako looked over Jamie’s shoulder, eyeing the three women in question. Jackie squealed again, and Jamie couldn’t help but notice the look of panic that crossed his friend’s face. Mako just watched the three in horror. The two men stood there and listened to the three women jabber away at 90 mph. Nervous now, Mako cleared his throat, then shot Jamie a worried look, before addressing his question.
“I’m not real sure at this point, Jay. But at least I’m not the one stuck with two of them for two weeks. I only have to make it until the wedding.”
Mako gave Jamie a sympathetic pat on the shoulder and began to laugh at the look on his friend's face.
“Oh, thanks a lot. Yeah, after a week you and Lorna are going to desert me. Choosing your honeymoon over your friend, yeah, I see how I rate now. Then it will up to me, all by my lonesome, to survive those two…”
Smack!
The unexpected smack to Jamie’s mid-section knocked the air right out of him. For a moment, he struggled to gather air back into his body.
“Hey bud, I heard that. I’m sure Mako and Lorna have a couch you can use for the next two weeks.”
Jamie glanced up at Mako and gave him a disappointed frown. 
“You could have warned me she was standing right there. I thought we were friends.”
Mako burst out into a fit of laughter.
“Jay, when it comes to Jackie, you are all on your own, bro.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Mako and Jamie had gathered up enough luggage to last anyone at least six months; the five of them made their way towards Mako’s new SUV. As a group, the five of them stepped through the open doorway of Honolulu international airport. 
Sam knew she must look like an idiot as she looked around, trying to take in all sights, sounds and smells around her. Right now she was suffering from a severe case of sensory overload. But she just couldn’t stop herself from trying to take it all in. Taking a deep breath, a sense of peace flowed over her entire body. She let the fragrant, tropical breeze fill her senses. It left only a feeling of calm in its wake.
“I can’t believe it, but you were right Jack, the air smells like tropical flowers. Oh man, this is so much nicer than the air back in Seattle. There, all we can smell is rotting dead fish, Ocean, salt water and car exhaust. Ick.”
“I told you it did. But after a few days you get used to it and can’t smell it as easy. By the time we go back home, all your clothes will smell just like it. I’m telling you, if we could find a way to bottle this air, we could be rich.”
Walking over to Samantha, Mako reached out to take her carry-on that she still held in her hand. She released the bag into his waiting hands and gave him a smile of thanks.
“Mahalo. Did I say it right, Mako?”
Mako gave her a warm smile in return as he took possession of her carry-on bag.
“It was perfect. You’ll be speaking just like you’re a native in no time.”
When he returned her smile, it was then that Samantha knew why Lorna had fallen for this man so quickly. How could any red-blooded woman not?
Once Jamie and Mako had all the luggage secured in the back of the SUV, everyone proceeded to pick their seats. Lorna opted out of the shotgun position, choosing instead to sit in the back, between Jackie and her. Jamie seemed almost relieved by Lorna’s seat choice.
As they drove through Honolulu, heading for Mako’s and Lorna’s home, Mako explained the plans for the night.
“I hope no one minds, but I invited my cousin Ricky and my best friend Nick over for a BBQ tonight. Maybe with the extra company in the house, we won’t go deaf before the night is over.”
Lorna shot her soon to be husband a dirty look in the rearview mirror; he was looking at her in.
“I heard that, Mako.”
“I know you did, Lorna, sweetie, love of my life.”
“You know the couch in the den folds out into a bed.”
Mako glanced again at his fiancé in the rearview mirror and gave her a wink. Lorna blushed and giggled like a school girl.
“Yes, I seem to remember that fact.”
“Mako?”
Mako glanced back at Lorna in the rearview mirror again.
Yes, love?”
“I love you.”
“I Love you too, baby.”
At having witnessing this public display of lovey-dovey affection, Samantha groaned in disgust.
“Oh, gag me. You two need to get a room. I swear you are as bad as Jack and Jamie. Ewww.”
Mako glanced back at her, waggled his eyebrows and then gave her a big, mischievous grin.
“Hey, guess what Sam? Your bedroom, its right next door to our bedroom. Have a fun time trying to fall asleep at night.”
The sound of everyone’s laughter overrode Sam’s sound of utter disgust at the thought. It looked like she would have to fall asleep at night with her IPod blaring in her ears, no doubt to drown out the sounds of the two of them.


~*~ About the Author ~*~

Anne Marie Beck lives in a quiet Northern Idaho Community with her husband, two dogs, and two cats. She has raised two wonderful adult children and has been blessed with one wonderful grandson and three beautiful granddaughters. Grandbaby number five due in March 2015.
In her spare time she loves to travel, nature photography and most of all spend time with her grandbabies.
After spending most of her life struggling with a learning disability, she has finally seen her dream come true just a few short years ago, with the publishing of her first eBook.
