Troubled Waters
By
Carly Fall

© 2017
Westward Publishing
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition

Editing by: Madison Seidler
http://www.madisonseidler.com/
Cover Design by: 
Qamber Designs

“Troubled Waters’ is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used FICTITIOUSLY.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is purely coincidental.”




Get your free copy HERE


or you may purchase it HERE


Chapter 1
Brody Teller sat in his beach chair digging his toes into the cold sand of the Corpus Christi, Texas beach. Before him the gray ocean stretched for miles, reminding him of blustery weather, but the waves lapped gently at the shoreline. There wasn’t a storm in sight.
The sky was just beginning to turn blue, the sun rising to the east. In a few hours, the ocean would sparkle, the sand beneath his feet would warm slightly. The die-hard surfers and beachgoers would be out in force, even if it was late November, and the temperature hovered somewhere in the low to mid-seventies during the day.
But for now, he had this stretch of sand to himself and was glad he wore sweatpants and a sweatshirt. Everything was quiet except for the seagulls squawking above him in the early morning light, and the odd one who dared to come near him looking for a handout.
Brody sipped his coffee, letting the liquid heat and the relative silence of the morning relax him. Gazing out over the water, he noticed a pod of dolphins bouncing around the gentle waves.
“Good morning,” he murmured, raising his mug to them.
Shutting his eyes, he leaned back in the chair, wishing he could sleep more than a few hours at a time, but he hadn’t been able to do so since the accident that brought him home from Guatemala seven months ago. 
He didn’t know how much time had passed when he heard footsteps on the sand. Brody opened his eyes and turned to see ten-year-old Charlie Stills approaching. Brody smiled as the boy came closer. He had met Charlie and his mom, Lara, about four months ago on this very beach. Brody had taken an immediate liking to the blond boy, and Lara was nice, as well. Sometimes, when Charlie slept over with friends, Lara and Brody became friends with benefits. She wanted nothing from him, and he had nothing to give, so it was a win-win for both of them.
“What’s up, my man?” Brody asked.
“Nothin’,” Charlie answered, sitting down in the sand next to Brody’s chair. “Mom says we’re moving again.”
Brody nodded and studied the boy. During the summer, Charlie’s hair turned a light, golden blond, a stark contradiction to his current mousy brown hair. However, the smattering of brown freckles across his nose remained year round. His long, lanky body was beginning to fill out just a little across the shoulders, and his feet looked too big for him. Brody smiled, knowing in the next few years he would eventually grow into them.
 Lara had mentioned a couple of weeks ago she was thinking about packing up, but she hadn’t mentioned any set plans.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Brody said, meaning every word.
“It sucks, but she says she can get a good job if we move to North Dakota with all the oil drilling going on up there.”
Lara currently worked as a waitress and bartender at one of the local beach bars, and during the off-season she really struggled to get by, just as he did as a charter fisherman. Very few people wanted to be drinking beers at the beach and out on a boat when the temperature hovered in the 60s to low 70s.
“It’s smart,” Brody commented.
There was a small stretch of silence, and Charlie said, “Yeah, but it’s cold up there.”
Brody took a sip of his coffee to cover his chuckle. He hated being cold, too. “You’ll get used to it,” he murmured. “When do you leave?”
Charlie shrugged. “I don’t know. Mom said she should know about her job in a few days.”
“We’ll have to make sure we go fishing again,” Brody commented.
Charlie smiled for the first time that morning. “Yeah, we will.”
Brody grinned at his little buddy. He never intended to take on a fatherly role with the boy, and he’d been successful. There was a possibility that he fell into the cool uncle character, but he just preferred to think of them as friends.
“The dolphins are out again,” Charlie said, glancing up at him.
Brody nodded. Charlie was the one person on Earth who knew his secret.
 “Where’s your mom?” Brody asked, realizing a ten-year-old kid probably shouldn’t be walking the beaches alone at 6:30 a.m.
“She’s still sleeping,” he said.
“You should be at home, not out here by yourself,” Brody said.
Charlie shrugged. “I’m not alone, Brody. I’m with you.”
Well, that was a hard point to argue. Charlie had been his shadow since they met four months ago, and Brody couldn’t say he minded it in the least. Charlie had accompanied him on a few fishing trips, helped him out with boat maintenance, and his general innocence reminded Brody that not everything in the world was as fucked up as his dreams and his past led him to believe.
Charlie looked left and right, and then scrambled to his knees in front of Brody. “Can you do it?” he whispered. “Please? Just one quick one before I head home?”
Brody smiled and glanced around, making sure they were truly alone. “A small one, Charlie, and you’ve got to promise me again you won’t tell anyone.”
Charlie smiled, and Brody noticed it looked as if the kid had lost another tooth. “I promise, Brody!”
Brody set his coffee cup down in the sand and spun his left index finger in a counter-clockwise rotation. About thirty seconds later, a small funnel of water appeared at the ocean shore. Brody continued to spin his finger, and the water tornado grew larger, the sea whipping around faster and faster until it stood about five feet in the air. Just beyond the funnel, the dolphins jumped in the waves, screeching as if they were cheering him on, urging him to make the cone larger.
Charlie’s eyes danced as he watched the small show.
Brody set his hand in his lap, and the funnel slowly disappeared, but the dolphins continued to play in the surf.
“That’s so awesome!” Charlie exclaimed.
Brody nodded, not sure he agreed with that assessment. Before the accident in Guatemala, he hadn’t been able to cause water tornadoes and make dolphins dance in excitement, and the worst part was that no one seemed to be willing or able to offer an explanation of why this was now part of his make-up.
Standing, he smiled at the kid. The bank holding the deed to his boat, Clara, was located on the east coast, and their offices opened a short while ago. He needed to talk to them about the repossession letter he received in yesterday’s mail. “I need to get going, my man. I’ll walk you home, okay?”
Charlie got to his feet.
They walked along the beach in silence until they reached Charlie and Lara’s apartment. Like, Brody, Charlie and his mom lived above one of the local restaurants. Their apartment smelled like grilled steak, while Brody’s always reeked of Mexican food. He hadn’t been able to eat fajitas for months.
“Do you have school today?” Brody asked.
Charlie nodded. “Yeah, I do. I don’t want to go, though.”
“I get it, but if you want a better life, you need to go and sponge up everything they tell you. Education is the key to getting ahead in life, Charlie.”
The kid stared at the ground and then turned to look up at his apartment window. “I hate school,” he mumbled.
Brody could relate. As a kid, he never liked school either. However, he knew the importance of a good education, and Lara always drove the point home to Charlie as well. Both of them scraped to get by, and Brody often thought how much different his life would have been if he hadn’t gone into the military. Perhaps he’d be living in the ‘burbs somewhere with a wife and a couple of kids, mowing the lawn every Saturday. If he’d done well in school, maybe he’d be holding down a job as an accountant or mid-level manager somewhere and bringing home a regular paycheck.
However, deep within his soul, he knew he wasn’t cut out for that type of life. He never was, nor could he ever be, a desk-jockey. One day he could see himself marrying, but women didn’t exactly flock to a guy who could control the sea, was threatened with death on a monthly basis if he were to ever tell anyone, and was about to lose his business—his boat—to foreclosure.
“I’ll tell you what,” Brody said, tousling the boy’s hair. “You go to school, pay attention, and don’t get in any trouble, and I’ll take you out on the boat tomorrow afternoon when you get home. Deal?”
Charlie grinned. “Deal!”
He turned and ran up the creaky stairs leading to his apartment just as Lara glanced out the window. She smiled, her blonde hair disheveled, her eyes sleepy. Brody gave her a wave and a grin, and she turned as Charlie walked in.
As she disappeared from the window, Brody made his way back to his own place.

Chapter 2
Rayna Lopez crouched down behind the table, her heart beating quickly, her gun drawn. She counted the shots the assailant fired. He had kidnapped a mother and small son and was now holed-up in a hotel kitchen.
The pans rattled with the shots, the air thick with the smell of gunpowder and grease, and the cries of the mother and her child tore at Rayna’s heart. She wanted this bastard.
She waited a beat, focusing her gaze on the cement floor about a foot away, pouring all of her concentration into listening to what was going on around her. If she stood, there was a good chance he’d kill her. The florescent lights above shone brightly, and she was thankful for this. At least she wasn’t going in blind. She blocked out the victim’s shrieks, and focused her attention on the shooter. He’d fired six shots and had to reload at some point.
As if on cue, the distinct sound of a gun chamber opening met her ears. Standing, she quickly assessed the situation and saw the mother and son standing to the kidnappers’ right. Exhaling, she steadied her hands and pulled the trigger three times, each bullet landing in his chest.
A loud buzzer went off, and Rayna set her gun on the table, wondering if the stress at training exercises for CIA agents mirrored real life situations. Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm her nerves.  
“Nicely done, Rayna,” John, her superior, called, coming into the room. “Way to engage all your senses and get the job done quickly and efficiently. No collateral damage. Just the way we like it.”
He grinned at her and offered his fist. She bumped.
She smiled, pride welling within. She wanted out of her desk job and into a field job so badly, and she’d been working hard to show her superiors she was ready. She appreciated when they recognized her efforts.
“I need to talk to you,” John murmured. 
He turned to the rest of the room. “Okay, people! Places in five minutes for the next agent, Bob Margols! Everyone did excellent. Susan,” he called to the woman playing the child, “ramp up the screaming this time. Bob hates kids. Let’s see how rattled we can get him.”
Rayna followed him out the door of the training facility into the cool, Virginia morning air and gray day. She glanced up, certain they were going to get another fall shower, and she tightly pulled her sweater around her. Give her the hot tropical sun any day—being of Mexican heritage, she often thought her preference for the heat was bred within her. “What’s up, John?”
As far as bosses went, she supposed John was a good one. In her two years at the CIA he’d been her only superior, so she didn’t have anyone to compare him to. At almost fifty years of age, his brown hair was starting to gray at the temples and little lines framed his dark eyes. He worked out relentlessly, keeping his six-foot frame trim.
“I have something I need you to do,” he said, crossing his arms over his chest.
Rayna’s heart beat a little faster. Was she finally going to get into the field? “What?” she asked.
“I need you to take a little day trip for me and check up on someone.”
“Who? What’s this about?”
John sighed. “This is really sensitive information, okay?”
Rayna nodded, her mouth going dry. This could be the break she’d been hoping for. He’d never asked her to do anything outside the office, so a day trip definitely meant fieldwork.
“As you know, the war on drugs is never-ending. We’re sending soldiers down south to help the Latin American governments combat the drug runners all the time, and the American people rarely hear about it.”
Rayna nodded, a knot growing in her stomach. 
“Unfortunately, sometimes there are tests done on these unsuspecting soldiers, and those who survive need to be supervised. Usually the military takes care of their own monitoring, but because of the their budget cuts, they’re passing the job off to the CIA since we just received a bump in our funding.”
“What kind of test?” she asked, not surprised in the least bit as she had read plenty of history books on the theater of war and knew governments were always looking for ways to make their combatants stronger and more efficient.
John shrugged. “Not sure. There was a whole unit that was affected by the experiment, and all of them were honorably discharged.”
“Why did the military discharge them? Aren’t they able to perform any longer?”
“I don’t know all the details, Rayna—this just fell into my lap yesterday,” John said.
“And what exactly do you want me to do?” Rayna asked.
“I need you to go on a little daytrip and monitor one of the soldiers—a Marine.”
Inwardly, Rayna groaned. She wanted her skills to be used for situations like she’d just practiced, not babysitting or checking in on some soldier.
“What did they do to them?” she asked.
John shrugged. “Don’t know, and it doesn’t matter. You just need to check in with him, make sure he’s following the rules that will keep him alive.”
Rayna ran her hand through her short black, wash and wear hair. “What are the rules?”
“I was told that you just need to observe, make sure he’s living under the radar, that he’s keeping to himself and not talking about the experiment. Just make sure your presence is known to him, make him aware that he’s being monitored.”
It truly was a babysitting job. “John, I—”
“Look, Rayna, this is sensitive stuff. I need someone who can keep things to themselves, someone who isn’t going to go out for drinks one day and run their mouth about the government doing experiments on their own soldiers.”
Got it. He needed someone who came to work, went home, and didn’t do much socializing. He needed someone who lay in bed night after night, alone, someone who didn’t have anyone to share pillow talk.
She was perfect for this assignment, and it irritated her to no end. However, she lived her life the way she did because she knew that if the CIA found out about her father, she very well might be fired. She loved her job, and she loved her family, and she wanted to keep both in her life.
As a few drops of rain fell, she felt defeated, but asked, “When do you want me to leave?”
John smiled. “You’ll leave tomorrow morning, and be home tomorrow night. Easy in and out.”
“Where am I going?” she asked.
“Corpus Christi, Texas.”
“Never been.”
There’s a first time for everything, right?”
“I guess so,” she murmured.
As the rain fell harder, John said, “Let’s go inside and see if Bob shot Susan, and I’ll email the detailed file to you later today.”
Rayna smiled as disappointment ran through her. However her curiosity was piqued. What did a solider who had been experimented on look like? Two heads? Four arms? Missing ears? She was anxious to find out and hoped it wasn’t too awful.

Chapter 3
Brody slammed down the phone and put his head in his hands. The bank wasn’t going to budge on the repo. They wouldn’t even give him thirty days.
Bastards.
At age thirty-one, he felt he was going on sixty, and he marveled how much his life had changed in the past twelve years.
Standing up, he stretched and hit the worn, brown rug for some pushups. At six foot two, Brody had never let his military physique go, even after his discharge. Weighing in at about two-twenty of solid muscle, he worked out daily to keep the civilian flab threatening to creep up on him at bay.
After a quick fifty, he sprawled on the carpet and ran his fingers through his shaggy black hair and scratched the dark stubble on his cheek. He opted for some crunches and thought about the trajectory of his life.
After barely graduating from high school, his dad had given him a choice: he could either work full-time on his fishing boat, or he could join the military. College wasn’t an option; his parents didn’t have the money to send him, and his grades didn’t warrant a scholarship.
After much thought, he had decided to join the military, specifically, the Marines. As he climbed the chain from grunt to Sergeant and Assistant Team Leader on the Recon Division of the Marines, he found his home with his unit in North Carolina. They were deployed to the Middle East three times, and every time, they all came back. When they assigned his company to the war on drugs and he left for South America, he wasn’t sure what was worse: the dust bowls of Iraq and Afghanistan, or the crushing humidity of the jungles of Guatemala and Honduras.
The Recon Division of the Marines was pretty self-explanatory: they gathered information. However, that did not mean they didn’t experience war. Brody had seen friends die, had witnessed horrific events, and an accident had left him with his strange ability to harness the powers of the sea.
The explosion, or accident, as the Marines officially called it, and its aftermath, were what kept him up at night, only allowing him to sleep a few hours at a time. His unit had been doing what they were sent to do: gather intelligence on a drug Cartel. 
After the accident, he’d woken up thirty days later in Corpus Christi Hospital feeling fine, like he’d just risen from a long nap. A fellow Marine sat his bedside with a stack of papers for him to sign. He tried to understand the reason for his honorable discharge, but none of it made any sense. He’d done nothing wrong, so why was he being let go?
No one seemed willing or able to answer the question. Brody had climbed the chain of command to try to find some answers, but he was stonewalled and finally told to back off.
When released from the hospital, a man in a simple black suit escorted him out. The man did not speak to him, but Brody could see his eyes roaming the hospital parking lot behind his dark glasses, as if he were looking for someone or something.
They got into his sedan, and sped out.
“Where are you taking me?” Brody asked.
“To your new home,” the man answered.
“I want to go back to North Carolina,” Brody stated, figuring he could meet up with some of his unit and they could figure out exactly what was going on, and really, he had no where else to go as both his parents had died.
His father had a heart attack out at sea, and his mother passed on a few months later. Brody had always believed she died of a broken heart, as she was never the same after she lost her husband. 
The man shook his head, turning left. “No. You now live in Corpus Christi as the captain of a fishing boat.”
Brody argued with the man, at the end of his patience with the non-answers and being ordered what to do. Sure, the military was nothing but a string of orders, but at least there he had understood the purpose most of the time. Now, he felt as if he resided in a different dimension of life where nothing was as it should be. Nothing made sense.
They pulled up to the Mexican restaurant, and the man got out of the sedan. Brody followed, staring at the old brick building, the smell of fajitas making his stomach rumble.
“Come on,” the man called over his shoulder as he moved toward the building. Brody looked around and backed away. Where he would go, he didn’t know, but he needed some answers, and if he had to strike out on his own to find them, so be it.
The man turned as if he read Brody’s thoughts, and leveled a gun at him. Brody stood in the parking lot, shocked. Who was this guy?
The man approached him and pressed the gun into Brody’s forehead.
“Listen to me,” he hissed. “This is your life now, so forget about how it used to be. Forget the people you knew. Dismiss it all. You have no past. This shitty apartment on the beach is the best it’s going to get, so deal with it and follow me.”
Brody shivered at the man’s tone, and he knew deep down that the man wouldn’t think twice about putting a bullet in his head. At this point, it was probably best to do what he had been told. 
Brody came back to the present and glanced around his one bedroom palace. His new “life” had begun six months ago, and he hated what it had become, but he didn’t see a way to make any of it different.
The accident had dramatically altered his existence, and he now lived solitarily. For the past six months, someone stopped by to check on him, to make sure he wasn’t railing against the government, that he wasn’t telling anyone about the ability he sprouted after the explosion. Oftentimes he wondered what his keepers would do to Charlie if they knew he was aware of Brody’s secret, and he cringed. 
He never should have told the boy, and he prayed every night the kid had the wherewithal to keep his trap shut. The only reason Brody had told him was because he felt sorry for Charlie. The kid tended to be a bit of a loner and had very few friends, reminding Brody of himself as a child. Although Charlie hated school, he had street smarts, and he knew a man who could harness the power of the ocean wasn’t normal, and people didn’t like things they couldn’t understand. So, yeah, it had been irresponsible for Brody to tell Charlie about his secret, but even though his mom did the best she could, the kid had a rough life. Brody wanted him to feel special; to let him know that he had information no one else did, so he’d told him. 
Brody sighed. He had to stop thinking about the explosion, his past, and focus on what he needed to do to make sure the bank didn’t repossessed his damn boat. 

Chapter 4
Rayna had left work early to prepare for her flight in the morning. She sipped a glass of wine while reading the file of Brody Teller, former Marine, on her computer. A lot of it was redacted, and it irritated her to no end. If they wanted her to check in on him, she felt she should at least be given all the details.
As she studied the picture of the man in his mid-twenties with sharp features, a full mouth, dark eyes, and a buzz cut, she had to smile. “You’re a good looking one, aren’t you,” she murmured, “but I can’t sit here staring at you all evening. Sorry.”
He’d served three tours, two in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. The report stated the accident happened deep in the jungles of Guatemala while nine members of the Platoon were on a recon mission approximately seven months ago.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” she mumbled as she read that the warehouse the Platoon had been investigating belonged to the Gomez Cartel, namely, her father.
She clicked through the pictures of the aftermath of the explosion. The warehouse was leveled, the trees and foliage around it black from fire, and she wondered what her father thought about it. She would never ask, but did the government use his warehouse with his permission or did they decide to overtake it?
She’d never know the answer, and anxiety coiled in her gut. This assignment hit a little too close to home.
Taking a deep breath, she reminded herself there was really no way for the CIA to identify her father. He wasn’t even listed on her birth certificate, and she had her mother’s last name. Even though the facts should settle her mind, she still worried.
“You’ve got your panties in a knot about nothing,” she said. “You also need to get a cat, or at least a fish, so you don’t seem so bat-shit crazy when you’re talking to yourself.”
Going back to the report, the explosion was described as “brutal” by some of the marines affected. All nine of them lived, and all described the same experience during the blast: they were blinded and lost their hearing; they suffered excruciating headaches, were overcome by noxious fumes, and then passed out. Some woke earlier than others, but Brody had been unconscious for thirty days.
The names of the other Platoon members were inked out, as was the name of the scientist who ran the experiment.
The purpose of the test was to see if soldiers could be given supernatural abilities. The test had been successful on all nine marines.
“Like what abilities?” Rayna asked, clicking the mouse to the next page, only to find it completely redacted.
She went to the next page, which was also blacked out, and also the end of the file.
Sitting back in her chair, she clicked back to Brody’s picture. Supernatural abilities? She sipped her wine and thought about it. Did they turn into something like a Marvel comic hero? Like Wolverine or Spiderman? Or was it something less noticeable, like psychic abilities?
Finishing her wine, she printed out his picture and then went to pack. Tomorrow she’d see what a guinea pig soldier looked like. Would she be able to detect his talents? Would he show her what he was capable of? 

Chapter 5
Brody and Charlie walked up the dock just as the sun was setting. They tried a bit of fishing, but didn’t catch anything but a trout too small to keep. They were happy to sit on the boat and talk while sipping sodas.
“Thanks for taking me out, Brody,” Charlie said, smiling up at him.
“Of course. Anytime, little man, anytime,” Brody said ruffling Charlie’s hair.
As they reached the parking lot, they heard, “Mr. Teller?”
Brody turned around at the sound of his name. Two men stared at them, one in a wheelchair, and the other standing directly behind him. The man in the wheelchair was dressed in a black suit with a white shirt, while the guy standing behind him wore a blue tracksuit. The hairs on Brody’s neck tingled and danced, and his anger rose. He glanced over at the ocean and noticed the water swelling. 
“May we have a word with you?” the man in the wheelchair said, and he wheeled himself toward Brody and Charlie.
The man in the chair reminded Brody of the people who had taken away his past life, and given him this one. Visions of the man in the black suit who had broke into his apartment and held a gun to his head in the middle of the night just last month played through his mind. That had been his monthly monitoring call, and it still pissed him off when he thought about it. Those who supervised him showed up at any time, morning, noon or dead of the night. He never knew what day or what time of day he would be visited, keeping predictability at bay.
Brody stalked over to them, and the sweat suit guy stepped in between Brody and the man in the wheelchair.
“What do you want?” Brody growled.
“We simply want to talk to you,” wheelchair man said. “My name is Joe Smith.”
Brody rolled his eyes. “You’re joking right?”
He shrugged. “Does it matter?”
“What do you want?” Brody asked again. “You want to put another gun to my head? Maybe have your boy here rough me up a little?”
Joe smiled and laced his fingers together. “I have no idea what events you are referring to, but I can assure you that I was not responsible for them. I tend to be much more civilized, Mr. Teller.”
“Then who are you?” Brody asked. “What do you want with me?”
“I’ve told you my name. That’s who I am. And what I want is to give you your life back.”
A flicker of optimism flamed within Brody, but he quickly extinguished it. It was easier to be angry than to have hope. 
“Whatever, man,” Brody mumbled and turned away. The waves crashed at the shore as if a large storm loomed at sea. The only storm brewing was the one in his gut. He took a deep breath and tried to calm himself.
“Don’t walk away, Mr. Teller,” Joe called. “At least hear what I have to say to you.”
Brody turned as Joe wheeled toward him.
“What’s going on? Who are they?” Charlie asked.
“Just keep walking,” Brody muttered. He’d probably take on Sweatpants and Joe if Charlie weren’t around. God knew he was pissed off enough to do so, but the kid didn’t need to bare witness to a violent confrontation.
“Mr. Teller, I know what you’re feeling,” Joe continued. “I know the pain of loss, the hurt of deception. Please. I’m just trying to make it right.”
Brody glanced back at the man. His shoulders were broad, his brown hair trimmed close to his skull. Wire-rimmed glasses framed blue eyes, and as he smiled at Brody, small lines appeared around them.
Placing his hand on Charlie’s shoulder, he realized the less Charlie was aware of the situation, the better off he’d be. The boy already knew too much with the simple knowledge of Brody’s ability.
“Wait down by the water,” Brody mumbled, tousling his hair again. “Stay where I can see you, but be careful not to get too close to the shoreline.”
Charlie nodded, gazing out at the blue waves.
“You’re angry,” he whispered, reading Brody’s mood in the crashing sea.
“Yep. Be careful, and stay on the beach.”
Without another word, Charlie walked down to the waterline and sat in the sand, his back to them.
“What’s this about?” Brody demanded.
Joe smiled. “It’s about you getting your life back.”
“And how exactly is that going to happen?”
Joe looked around. A few people walked through the marina, an odd car drove by, but they were alone. “I’d prefer to talk to you somewhere else, Mr. Teller. Somewhere that we aren’t so exposed.”
“We can talk right fucking here,” Brody growled, crossing his arms over his chest. “I’ve been screwed around enough by people like you.”
Sweatpants took a step toward him again. 
“And I’m advising you to tell your dog to back off,” Brody said.
“Thomas, it’s okay,” Joe murmured, wheeling himself closer to Brody. Thomas took a step back.
“Mr. Teller, I can see you’re angry. I can see it in your face and in the sea. I hope the boy will be careful on the shore.”
Brody felt as if he’d just been punched in the gut. How did the man know that Brody was intricately attached to the ocean? “Excuse me?” Brody whispered.
“Yes, I know everything about you, Brody,” Joe said. “I know that you were in Guatemala. I know about the so-called accident. I know you were discharged, with honors, I believe, and that they set you up here in this lovely little town where you were told about this strange gift of being able to harness the powers of the sea. Somehow, you and the ocean seem to be connected.”
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Brody stammered, fear for himself and Charlie now curling his gut.
“I’m not going to hurt you, Mr. Teller. I simply want to talk to you, and possibly give you some of the answers you’ve been wanting. I have an offer for you where you can use your abilities for good use.”
“I’m fine right where I’m at, and I have no idea what the fuck you’re referring to,” Brody said.
Joe nodded and sighed. “Very well, Mr. Teller. I’m not going to sit here and try to convince you to hear me out. However, if you do decide to at least listen to what I have to say, I would greatly appreciate just a few minutes of your time.”
He pulled out a white card and stretched it toward Brody. Hesitantly, Brody took it, curiosity eating at him.
“Have a good day, Mr. Teller,” Joe said, wheeling his chair around toward the parking lot, Thomas following.
Brody watched as they approached a black van. Thomas pulled a key fob out of his pocket, and the side door slid open. A ramp descended, and Joe wheeled himself up and into the van while Thomas went to the driver’s side. The door slid shut, and the van pulled away.
“Who was that?” Charlie asked from his side. “What did they want?”
“I don’t know,” Brody mumbled. Yes, he was curious, but the fact that Joe and Thomas knew of his friendship with Charlie left a cold stone in his stomach. What if they were part of the organization that had stripped him of his life? “Let’s get you home, okay?”
As they walked in silence, Brody had the feeling he needed to get Charlie and Lara out of Corpus Christi sooner than later.

Chapter 6
Rayna checked the photo she’d printed and compared it to the very agitated guy talking to the man in the wheelchair. 
Without a doubt, it was Brody Teller. His hair was longer, but he still had the hard, Marine physique and despite his sunglasses, she recognized his sharp features.
With the information John had given her, tracking him down had been easy. When he wasn’t at his apartment, she went to the marina and noticed his boat was gone. She waited for it to return and observed all the subsequent events.
She wasn’t sure what to expect from a man who had been a military experiment. Perhaps a disfigurement of some kind? She certainly didn’t see anything wrong with him—all appendages seemed to be in place. Maybe he had been affected mentally. She’d have to assess his mental state when she talked to him.  
His black as night shaggy hair fell just below his ears, his chiseled body moved with grace. No, there definitely wasn’t any disfigurement.
As he pushed the sunglasses up his nose and turned to the boy, she noted the soft smile, indicating he cared about the kid.
She watched the three men talk as the boy walked down to the shoreline, and wished she could be a fly on the wheelchair, so to speak. 
Based on Brody’s body language, his anger continued to grow, but yet, the waves beating against the sand was soothing. It was a contradiction for her senses. 
When he snatched the card from the man in the wheelchair and watched him leave in the van, she noticed his body relaxed. When the boy approached him and they walked down the beach, she followed and noted that Brody seemed to be at peace as his shoulders loosened and he placed his hand protectively over the boy’s neck.
Rayna had no idea who the man in the wheelchair was, but she did know Brody lived a simple life and did nothing to draw attention to himself. His resided above a Mexican restaurant in a shithole apartment, and from what little she’d witnessed, his only friend was a kid.
As she followed them home, she made a mental note of where he dropped the boy, and then trailed him to his own apartment.
When Brody was tucked away inside, she climbed the steps and knocked on the door.
He opened a moment later, glaring at her. “What?”
“Brody Teller?” 
Narrowing his gaze on her, he asked, “Who wants to know?”
She would have said the exact same thing to her inquiry, and she admired a man who valued his privacy. “I do. I’ve been sent to check up on you.”
His eyes raked her from head to toe as he scratched the stubble on his face. “They don’t usually send a woman, and you sure as shit don’t look like military.”
“Well, this time they did,” she said, standing at her full height, her hands on the waist of her gray slacks. “And I’m not military.”
“Then what are you?” Brody asked.
“Can I come in?”
“No.”
Rayna sighed. “Look, it’s apparent you don’t want me here, and frankly, I don’t want to be here. How about you let me in, we chat for a few moments, and then I leave?”
“I don’t even know your name,” Brody said. “Why would I let you in?”
“Rayna,” she answered. “Rayna Lopez is my name.”
“And who are you? Why are you here?”
Rayna could see she wasn’t going to get the answer she wanted to complete this silly job until she gave Brody a few facts he requested.
Pulling out her badge, she said, “I’m CIA, Brody. I was sent here with very little information to ‘check’ on you. My boss said this is routine for you, and it would be an easy job for me. Please, can you just let me in so we can get this over with?”
He studied her face a moment, and stepped back. “Come in,” he murmured.
She brushed by him, catching the faint scent of ocean with just a hint of aftershave.
The apartment was old and small, but clean. The kitchen was to the left, with a light blue refrigerator, white stove and a large window overlooking the beach and ocean. To the right was a small living room with a gray, cloth couch that had seen better days, a wooden coffee table, and by today’s standards, a small television. A narrow hallway lay straight ahead, and Rayna imagined he’d probably smashed one of those wide shoulders a time or two on the wall making his way to the bedroom.
“So, as you can see I’m living a very simple life, just on the verge of poverty. I’m not running some website to take down the government, and I haven’t told anyone what was done to me. I haven’t broken any of the goddamn rules. Now, can you please leave?”
Rayna stared into his dark-as-night eyes and heard the ocean crashing onto the beach. Her breath caught at the pain she saw in the dark pools. 
“What did they do to you?” she whispered.
Brody crossed his arms over his chest, chuckled and shook his head. “What’s this? Some sort of test where you try to get me to tell the secrets you already know?”
Rayna shook her head. “No. It’s not some test. It’s me being curious. No one told me anything. It was sort of a last minute assignment.”
He stared at her a long while, and she wondered if he was some sort of mind reader. Had the accident given him psychic abilities or something of that nature?
Invading her space, his gaze never left her. She studied his strong jawline, chiseled cheekbones, and full mouth.
“They’ve never sent anyone as pretty as you,” he whispered into her ear.
She stepped back and cleared her throat, surprised at the goose bumps crawling over her skin and the way her heart skipped at his closeness.
“Well, thank you for the compliment,” she said, feeling heat in her cheeks. “Can we get back to the task at hand?”
“Sure,” he murmured. “You want to make sure I’m following the rules and keeping shit to myself. Yes, I am. My life is pathetic, which should make your bosses very happy.”
He strode into the kitchen and opened the fridge. Pulling out a beer, he asked if she wanted one.
She declined, the questions she wanted to ask piling up. What had been done to him? What would happen to him if he came out and told others what happened? 
However, she had the feeling he wouldn’t be very forthcoming in his answers. The anger danced on his face as he popped the top of the beer, his gaze never leaving her.
“I’m supposed to check your computer and phone as well,” she said.
Brody reached behind him and tossed something across the room to her. “Go ahead. You’ll see that the only person I’ve talked to today was the bank about the repo order on my boat. Without the income, I should be homeless pretty soon, and I’m sure that will also make the brass happy.”
Rayna looked down at the iPhone and sighed. Whatever this was, whatever had been done to him, whoever was responsible, had Brody on a tight leash. It was as if they were trying to control him.
“What happens if you break the promises you made and tell someone what exactly was done to you?” she asked.
He finished the beer and slowly walked toward her, his gaze raking her over from head to foot, and then back up again. Once again, he stood too close, and she felt the heat from his body.
“You really don’t know?” he asked.
She shook her head, determined not to back away from him, regardless of how uncomfortable his near proximity made her.
Leaning down, he whispered, “I die. They kill me.”
Their eyes locked for a moment, and her cheeks burned again as she smelled the tint of beer on his breath. It was as if she couldn’t look away, as if he held her in some trance. Was this the aftermath of the accident?
He gave her an unfriendly grin, and turned away. “If we’re done, I’d like you to leave,” he muttered, and she could barely make out his words.
She looked him over. His broad shoulders tapered into a tight waist, his long thick legs carried him with the lethal grace she had seen in other military men.
Thinking of the objective of this visit, she decided she had really accomplished nothing except a list of questions she wished he would answer. It was apparent Brody wasn’t going to be very forthcoming. She glanced around the small apartment again, and almost felt sorry for him.
“Can you get the hell out of here now?” he yelled.
Startled and surprised by his loud voice, her irritation grew at his rude demeanor. “I’m simply here doing my job,” she muttered. “There’s no need to be such an asshole.”
Brody turned around, a small smile playing on his lips. “Do you always stick your pretty little nose in other people’s business? In places it doesn’t belong?”
“Are you always this impolite?” she shot back. “And besides, I didn’t ask for this assignment. It was given to me. I’m just doing my job.”
“Listen, sweetheart,” he said, “last month when they came to check up on me, they announced their arrival with a gun to my forehead in the middle of the night.”
He opened the refrigerator and pulled out another beer leaning his elbows on the door. “Now, this month is much more pleasant, you being the fucking hot CIA babe and all, but it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Nothing has changed since the last time your people checked in on me. So unless your going to tell me the government is handing me money for my pain and suffering, or if you want to hang around and hit the sheets with me, get out. Now.”
Rayna stared at him a moment, offended by his comments, but she didn’t want to get into a pissing contest to see who could throw around the most insults. She had a feeling she wouldn’t win. “Fine. I’m leaving, Brody.”
As she walked toward the door, he said, “Good. And tell your bosses they can all go fuck themselves.”
Her hand rested on the knob, and she looked at him. “I’m sorry you are such an angry asshole, Brody. But consider this: the life you’re living is a lot better than the alternative.”
“And what’s the alternative?” 
Rayna smiled. “You could be dead.”
Brody threw his head back and laughed. “Sometimes death would be a welcome alternative, sweetheart,” he growled. “I don’t see a life in the suburbs with a wife and three kids anywhere in my future, because I’d actually have to get to know someone for that to happen, and your fucking bosses have made sure that’s impossible for me to do!”
Staring at him, she could practically see the anger rolling off him, and despite him being rude, she found herself intrigued by the rage. She glanced over him. What in the world was his supernatural ability?
“Don’t let the door hit you in that pretty, little ass.”
“Fuck you,” she murmured, and stepped out into the hallway, unable to believe what a miserable, angry bastard Brody was. As she shut the door, she heard glass shattering from inside. Her instinct was to head back in, but instead, she walked down the hallway and out onto the sidewalk lining the beach. As she headed to the parking lot, she glanced up at the building. Brody stood in the window, watching her. He didn’t flinch as she met his gaze.
As the sound of the waves crashing against the beach registered, she turned to look at the ocean.
The waves rolled in and out violently, and Rayna couldn’t help but think the sea seemed almost as angry as Brody.

Chapter 7
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this,” Brody whispered to Lucas Tate as he gazed up at the starlit sky. “Something doesn’t feel right.”
“Relax, man,” Tate said. “It’s the same shit we do all the time.”
Brody nodded, sweat trickling down his back. Yes, the temperature hovered at ninety degrees, and he wore full combat gear, but as he wiped his forehead, he couldn’t help but think the sweat was from nerves and not weather related.
It was a routine operation for his platoon—their job was to gather intelligence, and they had received notification about the makeshift building in the middle of the jungle Brody eyed through his night vision goggles. Their source had said the building was used as storage for raw heroin, and possibly a stopover for human traffickers as well.
At 2 a.m. the jungle around them was alive with the sounds of the nocturnal hunters and their prey, and Brody listened making sure the hunters were animal, not human.
The air hung thick with humidity and the smell of rotting foliage, and another drop of sweat trickled down his back as he wiped his forehead with his sleeve. In another few minutes, his undershirt would be soaked through.
“Teller, you and Tate move in for a closer look.” The command came from the team leader, Sargent Garrett “Honey” Bloom, through Brody’s headset. He stood and moved with Tate in unison as they approached the warehouse.
Brody studied the metal structure, and couldn’t help but be impressed. It stood about fifteen feet high and hundreds of feet long. There were no windows; and so far they had located only one door. How the Cartel had erected the building out in the middle of nowhere was beyond him, and he had to admire the ingenuity it would have taken to complete. It seemed the biggest flaw was that the structure was metal, and in the jungle, it would rust pretty damn quickly. He doubted the Cartel cared, as they had to stay a step ahead of those who hunted them, those like Brody.
Every muscle in his body tensed as he crept closer to the building, every fiber of his being screaming at him that his nine man platoon needed to get the hell out of there. He’d felt uncomfortable walking into different situations while on deployment before—especially in the Middle East— but nothing like this. The Taliban had been crafty and determined in their fight, making sure that Brody and his platoon were always alert and aware of everything around them during patrols. However, this felt wrong down to the core of his very being. Suddenly, the jungle around them fell dead silent, as if its inhabitants held their collective breath in anticipation of what would happen next.
Just as Brody was about to radio they should abort, a bright light flashed from the building, blinding him in his night vision goggles. He heard the others scream, and through his earpiece Garrett yelled, “Abort! Abort!”
Brody stumbled away from the debilitating light, still completely blind. As he pulled off his night vision glasses, a large explosion boomed behind him. With nothing but blackness before him, the earth beneath him shook and trembled, forcing his feet off the ground.
As he spun in the air, his body completely weightless, time seemed to stop. He looked around trying to get his bearings. He couldn’t see the ground beneath him, the starlit sky above him. There was nothing to be found except darkness, complete blindness. He lost his hearing, and a searing, hot pain ripped through his skull. 
Traveling through time and space, he was in his own sensory-deprived hell. He relied heavily on his senses, and not having any scared the ever-loving shit out of him.
Upon impact with the jungle floor, every muscle in his body screamed in pain. He rolled over trying to see the fellow members of his unit, but the darkness continued to engulf him. The agony in his head ripped and tore at his frontal lobe, and he screamed, unable to hear his own voice.
He got to his knees, determined to find the rest of his platoon and get the hell out. Another explosion rumbled from the building, and Brody was thrown face-first to the soft, damp earth again, an acrid smell of rotten eggs and chemicals coating his throat.
Rolling to his back, the pain in his head overwhelmed him. Gagging from the scent in the air, the smoke clogged his lungs as he gasped for breath, his chest burning in torturous pain to match the magnificent ache in his head. After one last gasp, mercifully, he passed out. 
Brody sat up in bed, covered in sweat. He glanced around the room as relief washed over him. His dresser stood across the room, the top drawer open. He had his vision. The ocean lapped at the sand through the open window. Breathing in the ocean air loosened the imaginary grip on his chest. And most importantly, he was in his shithole apartment, not in the middle of the wild jungles of Guatemala.
He flopped back on his pillow and tried to calm his breathing as he ran his fingers over the sheet beneath him, assuring himself with the touch that he was in his bed, not on a bed of damp underbrush thrashing around for his life. He was safe.
The dream never seemed like a dream, but it was as if he relived that accident over again, every vivid detail coming to life. Oddly, when he thought back to it, the most terrifying part hadn’t been the accident itself, but the silence of the jungle right before the explosion. Again, he wondered if he would have been better off having the blast take his life instead of trying to deal with his current reality.

Chapter 8
Rayna sat in her cubicle at the CIA staring out the window. The rain this afternoon was heavy, and the sky a darker grey than this morning. She was so tired of the weather and longed to see some sunshine.
Glancing back at the file on her desk, she sighed. John, her boss, had given her some research to do on a case, and the thought of spending another moment in front of the computer made her want to cry. Yes, people in the field were also responsible for paperwork, but they weren’t trapped behind a desk like she was. It was literally her ball and chain.
Her CIA cell phone vibrated on her desk, and she looked at the screen. My office in ten, the text from John read. He obviously wanted a report on her little assignment yesterday as he’d instructed her not to write up anything because of the secrecy of it. 
She stood and stretched, went to the restroom, and then made her way to John’s office.
“You wanted to see me?” she asked, standing in the doorway.
“Yes. Come in and shut the door, Rayna. I just need to finish up this email.”
She did as she was told and looked around the room while she waited. His office wasn’t fancy: a run of the mill government-issued desk with a matching credenza, three tall filing cabinets lined the far wall and a black, faux leather-leather armchair matched her seat. 
His desk was neat, small piles of papers stacked with precision. Pictures of his wife and kids lined the credenza, while his diplomas and awards hung on white walls. As he tapped the keyboard, she couldn’t help but notice it sounded like rain. She glanced out the window to see if it had finally stopped, but it only came down harder.
“There,” John muttered as he clicked his mouse. “Sorry about that. I had to put out a small fire between two agents.”
He sat back in his chair and laced his hands on top of his head. “So tell me about yesterday.”
Rayna shrugged. “There’s not a lot to tell. I saw him, we met, I looked around his apartment, and then I left.”
“What did he look like? Did he look normal?”
Rayna wasn’t sure what he expected and hesitated to answer.
“He doesn’t have a third arm or half his face missing, does he?”
She laughed. “No, John, he doesn’t. His face is intact, and no there weren’t any strange appendages. He looked very normal.”
And very good looking.
“What about his mental state?” John asked.
Rayna sighed, remembering what a bastard he’d been. “He was rude and obnoxious. Like I said, I didn’t stick around too long.”
John nodded. “Okay. I’ll put it in my report. Thanks,” he said, dismissing her.
As she walked back to her cubicle, she thought about her short conversation with Brody again. It had kept her up into the late night hours, and she couldn’t help but feel that beneath all his anger was a deep sadness, and maybe a little bit of fear. She pushed the thought aside. She didn’t have time to think about Brody, his situation, his feelings or fears. Instead, she had a stack of papers to get through and had to figure out a way to get into fieldwork and out from behind this desk.

Chapter 9
Two days later, Brody waved at Lara’s car as she pulled out of the parking lot on her way to North Dakota. Although Lara and he shared a bed every now and then, he didn’t harbor any deep feelings for her. He did, however, feel sadness at losing his shadow, Charlie. He was a good kid, and he promised Brody he would stay in touch, but Brody knew all too well that the phone calls and letters would fade until the communication died all together.
He hoped the kid had a good life.
Brody was now truly alone.
Glancing over at the ocean, the waves rumbled gently on the shore, while a pod of dolphins rolled gracefully in and out of the water. There were no theatrics, no squeals or huge jumps. They felt his sadness.
“Sorry, guys,” he muttered. “I’ll try to lighten the mood a little bit.”
As he walked back to his own apartment, his thoughts once again turned to the very hot and sexy CIA agent, and frankly, he’d thought of little else since she walked out his door.
Her appearance jacked him up in more ways than one. Yes, he hated the monthly visits, but at least this one was better than last months. He hadn’t lied when he told Rayna that his handlers had woken him in the middle of the night with a gun to his head, and that hadn’t been the first time.
He wished he hadn’t been such a bastard to her, but even though she was hot as hell, he had to remember she was the enemy.
It had confused him that she was CIA, and not military. He had wanted to know what that was about, why the switch in his keepers, but hadn’t bothered to ask. He figured the less interested he acted, the sooner she’d leave. Watching her hips sway in her grey slacks as she walked down the beach had been the most erotic thing he’d laid eyes on in a long time. He wasn’t sure what that said about him, though. Obviously, he wasn’t getting enough action if his enemy strutting down a sidewalk in a pair of business pants turned him on.
Deciding he’d go check on his boat, he strolled past his apartment and on to the marina.
Yesterday he helped Lara pack up, and today, he loaded her car and the small moving trailer she had rented. In the end, she pretty much left everything except the vital necessities. He sincerely hoped she found a decent place for her to make a home for Charlie, a place where the work was stable.
It wasn’t easy living in a tourist town, a place where some months the money seemed never ending, but in others, there weren’t two dimes to be found to rub together. The so-called winter months were as dry as a box of bones.
As he approached the marina, he noticed the slip where Clara was kept now stood empty. He looked about, not really surprised, but devastated nonetheless. His source of income was now gone, and within a month or two, he would be destitute. He could probably get a job on another fishing boat, but none of the other captains would need help until the summer months. He couldn’t hold out that long.
He had nothing but his military skills to fall back on, and the military didn’t want him anymore. There wasn’t a job that he could think of that required him to shoot a bulls-eye at two hundred feet, run a six minute mile, or carry a hundred pounds on his back for hours on end. His skills were purely physical. Yes, he considered himself intelligent, but not in the ways of the real world. If you dropped him in the middle of the jungle with nothing but a knife, he was the guy who would get out alive while dining on berries, snakes, and bugs. As he stared at the slip where Clara used to be, he decided he wasn’t the guy who could survive in the real world, as a quiet, play-by-the-rules citizen.
He proved that after he’d been dropped off at his apartment with the instructions to not contact anyone in his platoon, and not to venture very far away from the ocean.
He didn’t listen to either piece of advice.
After a few belts of Captain Morgan, the anger within him raged. How dare his government take away everything he had worked so hard to obtain? How could they cast him aside, treating him like a sack of shit? Fueled by the booze, he had no intention of following the orders, and he would do as he damn well pleased.
An hour later, he scoured social media sites looking for other members of his platoon. He would find them with the hope they had the answers that no one seemed to be able to provide for him.
He found no one—not one of his fellow soldiers. Had they all died, or were they stuck in some strange government bullshit like he was? 
The apartment door clicked as it closed, and he stood up and spun, surprised he hadn’t heard it open. The rum dulled his senses, and a man was on top of him just as Brody realized someone was in his apartment.
There was a brief struggle, and the man jammed a needle into Brody’s arm, rendering him unconscious within seconds.
Brody woke tied to a chair, some sort of sack over his head that smelled like rotting vegetables. He struggled to breathe, but he knew it wasn’t from the bag or the smell. Something was physically wrong.
“Now that you’re all awake, let me make something clear,” a man’s voice boomed, echoing off the walls. “We spared your lives after the accident in Guatemala, and asked for little in return. We wanted you to not contact each other, we wanted you to live simple, unassuming lives, and we wanted you to keep your secrets to yourself.”
Brody inhaled deeply, feeling panicked, but wondering if he was really in the same space as his platoon. He moved his head trying to find a way to see. 
“You aren’t doing what we asked,” the man yelled. “So we’re going to make it really clear what happens.”
Brody heard a scuffle and then the man said, “James Freeman and Brody Teller: you were both caught on social media looking for the other members of your platoon, is that not correct?”
Brody swallowed, trying to get enough breath in his lungs so he could answer.
“Answer me!” the man screamed.
Brody simply nodded, but then he heard James’s distinct southern drawl. “Yes. I was looking for the others. I wanted to know—”
A loud shot cut James off, and the coppery smell of blood filled the room. Oh, Christ. Had the guy shot James? Was Brody next? He swallowed hard as his chest constricted further.
“I don’t care what you want to know or what you think you know. If you don’t play by my rules, you will die, just as James just did. It’s not hard, people.”
Brody felt someone next to him, and fully expected to die. He wondered if he would hear the shot and if there would be any pain as the bullet massacred his brain. He always thought he’d go out in the actual theater of war, not by the hand of his own government.
He contemplated what was worse: living as he was, or dying. Frankly, he couldn’t decide, but the compression in his chest let him know death wasn’t too far off.
A second later, a needle pierced his neck, and his world went black.
He woke back in his apartment with a raging headache. He wondered if his abduction and the murder of James had been a dream, but as he sat up with a groan, he detected another presence in the room.
“You don’t fully understand your ability.”
Brody looked around and noticed a shadow in the bedroom doorway. He couldn’t see a face, just a form, and nausea rolled in his gut from the throbbing in his head. He lay back down on the pillows, completely incapacitated.
“Let me make it clear for you, then you’re going to get another chance at life. You are deeply connected to the ocean, Brody. It senses your moods, and reacts to them. When I showed up the day before yesterday, you were upset, and we almost had a tidal wave outside. You apparently were too drunk to notice. Take note of these things, Brody. This is your last chance.”
Brody listened as the front door closed, and then rolled over and vomited on the floor.
Since that day, he’d followed the rules and never strayed from them, except for showing Charlie glimpses of his ability.
Sighing, he headed back to his apartment and fingered the card in his pocket. He shut the door and leaned against it, taking in the depressing space. He pulled the card from his pocket, and read it over again. Simple black print on a white card read, Joe Smith, 555-939-0090.
Deciding between a beer and some pushups, he hit the rug and banged out fifty. Joe had said he could give Brody his life back, but Brody hadn’t hung around long enough to hear exactly what that meant.
Who knew? Maybe it was a trap of some kind from the government? Maybe they were trying to bait him into giving up his secrets? If so, they would certainly put him to death. Yes, he’d said sometimes it would be better than his current existence, and often he thought that. However, at his core, he wanted to live, but he wanted a life worth living. And he didn’t have that now.
Maybe it was time to break the rules once again and see what happened.
Maybe this Joe dude could give him a life, and he wondered what Mr. Smith wanted in return. 
He stood and went to the fridge for a beer. As he stared out the window at the ocean, the waves hit the shore at a slow, easy pace, matching his melancholy mood. It seemed his two companions since the accident had been anger and sadness, and frankly, he was getting tired of both of them. 

Chapter 10
Brody waited in the marina parking lot, standing in the exact spot where he first met Joe Smith. He’d placed the call last night, and Joe seemed very happy to hear from him.
Running his fingers through his hair, he tried to calm his nerves. He’d simply listen to what the guy had to say. It wasn’t necessary to make any decisions today. 
The black van rolled up and the back door slid open.
“Mr. Teller!” Joe Smith called from the back. “Please, come join me!”
Brody walked over to the van as Joe Smith backed up his wheelchair, allowing Brody room to enter. Brody hesitated for a second, looking around the parking lot for the hot CIA chic. He hadn’t seen her around for three days now, but he also knew that those in charge of the accident kept tabs on him. He wouldn’t doubt for a second if someone watched him full-time, but there weren’t any internal alarm bells going off letting him know was being observed.
“It’s fine, Mr. Teller. I’ve been watching the parking lot for the past hour. There is no one here tailing you.”
Brody nodded, sliding in to the van and sitting on the bench facing Joe.  
Joe looked around the parking lot through the dark, tinted windows, and nodded to himself as if he was satisfied by what he saw. “Let’s go, Thomas.”
The van lurched forward, and Brody kept his gaze on Joe.
“Thank you for calling, Mr. Teller. I was about to give up hope that I’d hear from you.”
“My situation changed, and I thought I’d listen to what you had to say.”
Joe nodded. “Yes, I heard about the boat repossession and Charlie and Lara leaving.”
Brody narrowed his gaze at the man. How did he know about all that? Maybe he was the one behind the whole mess that had become his day-to-day existence? “And how did you get all the information on my life?”
“Mr. Teller, I can assure you that I know everything about you, absolutely everything. It’s my job to know all about you.”
They rode in silence for a few minutes, and Brody contemplated exactly what that meant. Surely, Joe couldn’t know absolutely everything about him. From what Brody had been told, what happened in Guatemala was top-secret Intel. If he couldn’t talk about it, he assumed there was no way Joe could have gotten the information, but apparently he had.
The van came to a stop, and Brody looked around, only to see warehouses. The driver got out of the car as the back door slid open, and Brody stepped out.
The ramp slid down to the asphalt, and Joe wheeled himself down to street-level and proceeded to one of the warehouses. “Please, come with me, Mr. Teller,” he called over his shoulder.
Brody followed, keeping his eye on Joe’s driver, who walked behind him and a little to his left. While in the military, he had learned to trust his instincts. If only he’d listened to them the night of the accident, he wouldn’t be in this position. Right now, he felt pretty good about the situation, and he hoped his usual ability to sense when something was out of place was still in working order.
“Thomas, could you please open the door?” Joe said, and Thomas hustled to move in front of Joe, fishing in his pockets, and then producing some keys.
He opened the door, and Joe wheeled himself inside. It was pitch black, and Brody hesitated before entering. The lights went on, and Brody could see the large space was empty, except for a table with one chair.
Walking across the cement floor, his steps echoed off the concrete walls and floor. Puffs of dust rose with each step, and he could also see particles floating in the sunlight, streaming through the small windows above him. Joe wheeled himself over to the table, and motioned for Brody to sit in the chair.
“Thomas, could you please grab the file?” Joe asked as Brody sat down across from him.
Thomas walked back outside to the van.
“I rented this warehouse so that if you and I got the chance to talk, we wouldn’t be disturbed. I know the consequences of you discussing your gift. I can assure you, it is only us here.”
Brody nodded and sat back in his chair. “So, what’s the deal? You said you could give me my life back. How does that work? What does it look like?”
Joe smiled, and Brody turned his head at the sound of Thomas’s footsteps. He set a tan folder down on the table and Joe said, “Thank you, Thomas. Could you please wait outside and shut the door behind you? I won’t be any longer than ten minutes.”
Thomas bowed his head and left the warehouse, the click of the door echoing through the space.
“I trust him explicitly, but I know I need to gain your trust. So, now, it’s just you and me, no other ears to hear what either of us has to say,” Joe murmured, opening the folder.
“Just over seven months ago, you and your unit were sent on a fairly routine assignment to simply gather intelligence regarding one of the drug Cartels in the jungles of Guatemala. According to my research, the mission was to observe a possible drug manufacturing and distribution plant. How am I doing so far?”
Joe glanced at Brody over his glasses, and Brody remained silent, curious to see what else Joe knew.
“An unexpected explosion of sorts took down your unit. The details of the explosion are sketchy, but from what I’ve been able to gather, there was a blinding light and some odor that rendered you unconscious. I’m not sure where you went from there, but you ended up in the Corpus Christi Hospital. Instead of a hero’s welcome, you were immediately discharged from the military without being given a reason.”
Brody swallowed, wishing he had a glass of water. There was no way Joe could know any of this except if he was in on it. Brody had been told his records were sealed, almost as if he never existed.
“Your life was spared on one condition: that you kept the accident and the after-effects to yourself. Every month they send someone to check up on you and make sure you are living a quiet, humble life, which you have certainly done,” Joe said, setting down the file and taking off his glasses.
“Mr. Teller, I’m here to tell you that what happened to you was no accident. It was the government performing some experiments on their soldiers.”
“It’s hard to believe,” Brody murmured, although he’d thought the same thing once or twice. He’d always believed that the flash of light had caused something in his brain to short-circuit, giving him his strange ability, but frankly, Joe’s explanation made more sense.
Joe shrugged. “Yes, it is, but I can assure you that the government you served are nothing but a bunch of rat-bastards, and not just because they experiment on their own military, but for numerous other reasons that I won’t go into now.”
“So, what’s this about?” Brody asked, wondering if Joe was recruiting for some secret army or something foolish like that.
“I’ll explain in a moment. First, as I have told you, I know of your ability and your connection to the ocean.”
The words were like a fist to his gut. Someone else knew, and it brought him a bit of relief, but also scared him.
“I’m fascinated by the way the ocean responds to your mood. When I approached you the first time in the marina parking lot, the ocean had been rolling in lazily, almost as if it were content. As you and I talked, it became very clear how upset you were with me. I was beginning to think we were going to have a tsunami.”
Brody stared at the man for a beat, and then asked, “How did you find out?”
Joe slipped on his glasses and picked up the file again. “That’s not your concern, Mr. Teller. Now, would you like to hear my proposition?”
Brody slammed his fist on the table. Joe didn’t flinch, but simply looked at Brody over his glasses. “What I want is some fucking answers as to how you found all this out, and who else knows,” he hissed. “All of this was supposed to be sealed, like I never fucking existed, and here you are talking to me like you’ve just read my biography. I’m tired of people telling me I don’t need to know shit when this is my life—and only my life—that’s being affected.”
Joe studied him a moment, and then said, “Mr. Teller, how I came about your information is not exactly legal. I would prefer to keep that information to myself so I don’t set myself up for a fall I’m not willing to take if you were to decide to tell someone about our conversation. Do you understand me?”
Brody sat back in his chair, light sweat breaking out on his brow. Joe wasn’t playing for the other side; he wasn’t even on the same field. Brody hadn’t given him any information on his current situation – Joe already knew it all. That revelation eased Brody’s worries that the government was trying to catch him divulging his secrets, and also gave him a slight twinge of hope that maybe, just maybe, there was a better life waiting for him.
Besides that, Joe was being truthful about how he got the information and not trying to sugarcoat or lie about the means. Joe may not be able to tell him the small details, but he had the broad picture painted perfectly, and Brody respected his honesty. “I get it,” Brody said. “I understand.”
“Good,” Joe said with a smile. “Now, I’d like to get to my offer. Would you like to hear it?”
“Sure,” Brody said with a shrug. Really, what did he have to lose hearing the guy out?
“Excellent. First and foremost, if you decline my offer, you will never see or hear from me again. That is my promise to you, okay?”
Brody nodded.
“Second, you need to take a minimum of twelve hours to consider what I have to say, but a maximum of twenty-four hours. That’s it. After that, let me reiterate to you that you will never see or hear from me again.”
Brody hesitated for a moment, and then said, “Okay,” feeling like his was about to jump down the proverbial rabbit hole.
“Good. I run a very exclusive business, Mr. Teller, and I am in need of people like you.”
“What type of business?” Brody asked.
“I run what you could call a protection agency. People pay me very high sums of money for security while their . . . issues are worked out. Once their problems go away and they no longer require my services, they go back to their lives.”
Intrigued, Brody sat forward in his chair, placing his arms on the table. “And what would you expect me to do?”
“I would expect you to be one of my trusted employees and take on the role of protector for my clients. I’ve vetted you, and you are a moral man who was shafted. With your military background, your physical prowess, and your ability to handle weapons, and handle them well, you would be a perfect fit for my company.”
Brody looked around the warehouse, feeling deflated. “There’s only one problem you didn’t consider,” he said. “I can’t be too far from the ocean for very long. It has to do with the connection. If I’m away for too long, I get really sick.”
“I know. Respiratory issues, I believe, is that correct?”
“Yeah.”
“Interesting. Almost like a fish out of water.”
“Exactly. Just call me Poseidon.”
Joe chuckled. “Well, Mr. Teller, I don’t know if I’d go that far, but what if I told you I did take that into account before offering your this position? Would you still be interested?”
Brody studied the man. His intelligent gaze held Brody’s, a small smile playing on his lips. Brody had the feeling that if he said yes, his whole life would change. He thought of his present circumstances: his boat was gone and in a few months he’d be homeless. He had no one to care about, nothing to look forward to, and certainly no job prospects in sight. His life was simply at a standstill, and it looked as though it would be going nowhere but down the toilet.
Joe was offering him a chance to use his skills, to be in action, just as he’d been in the military. He had no idea what type of work-around Joe had thought of, but decided he was in this far, so he might as well take the plunge and see what Joe had to offer.
“Sure. Let’s hear it.”

Chapter 11
Brody sat in stunned silence as he listened to Joe.
A yacht? In the Caribbean? Really?
“I offer many forms of protection in many different places, Mr. Teller. For instance, I have an employee based in a cabin in the Alaskan wilderness. I also have one in a high-rise apartment complex in Manhattan, New York, another in Paris, and one in London. Depending first on the severity of my clients’ case, what I feel is the best avenue of safety for them and finally, their preferences, I place them where I feel their needs will be served, and their lives protected. In your capacity, you would be safeguarding them, literally, by sea. Your gift and military skills are a perfect fit.”
As he looked around the warehouse, his mind swirled.  This guy wanted him to captain a yacht?
“You’ve been around boats almost your entire life, Brody, except for your military years.”
“I don’t know anything about being the captain of a yacht,” Brody grimaced.
Joe shrugged. “It’s a boat. You know boats. There are a few things that are different, of course, and some rules and regulations to follow, but I’ll make sure you’re well-educated, and we’ll get you the proper papers to ensure everything you do is legal.”
Brody stared at the man, trying to figure out the pros and cons, but his mind raced at the possibilities Joe offered him. He’d live on the water, on a boat, which just so happened to be two of his favorite things, but also necessary for his well-being.
“What do you think, Brody? What are your initial thoughts?”
It sounded too good to be true, and he told Joe this.
“Yes, it does seem like a perfect fit for you and your circumstances. I agree. However, I have done my research on you, as you are aware, and I would never approach you with something that didn’t work to both our benefits. I need you, Brody, and you need me. When we can both agree on that, my proposition wins. If you decide you don’t need me, then it doesn’t work.”
“What about a crew? I can’t run a yacht by myself. And who are these clients?” Brody asked. He didn’t want to get involved in anything illegal.
“The boat carries a full crew, and being captain, you, of course, will be in charge. As for the clientele, there are many wealthy people in the world, Brody, and unfortunately, many get themselves in a lot of trouble.”
“Like what? What will I be dealing with?” Brody asked.
“Most of my clients do stupid things like try to stiff their drug dealer or anger their mistress who then makes the movie Fatal Attraction look like a Disney film. We just need to keep the client isolated for a week or two so they can’t do any further damage and the other half of my company can clean up their mess if needed.”
Brody considered what the ‘cleanup’ involved, but wasn’t sure he wanted to know. “Seriously? That’s it?”
“Yes, Brody. You simply captain the yacht, make sure the client is cared for, and you will be well-armed in case things get a little hectic.”
With his blood racing, he asked, “How often does that happen?”
Joe backed up from the table as Thomas walked in. “I run a tight business, Mr. Teller. However, sometimes things don’t work out according to plan, as factoring in human nature can be a wildcard. I can tell you that I do everything to the best of my abilities to ensure all my agents’ assignments are smooth sailing, so to speak.”
“And what about my ability? Will the others on the boat know about it?”
Joe shrugged. “That’s up to you, Mr. Teller. If you wish to tell them, fine. If not, that’s okay, as well. It’s your secret, so do with it what you wish.”
Brody studied the man, deciding he liked the idea of keeping his own baggage to himself. He didn’t know the rest of the crew, and although Joe obviously deemed them trustworthy, Brody had a hard time putting his trust in anyone, especially after what had been done to him by the government he had pledged his life to.
“What about my . . . keepers?” Brody asked. “They’ll come looking for me.”
Joe nodded. “Yes, they will, but I can assure you, I will make certain that you simply disappear. There won’t be any leads for them to follow.”
“And how do you plan on doing that?” Brody asked.
“I have my ways, Mr. Teller, and just like how I obtained your file, they aren’t your concern.”
Brody stood as Joe wheeled himself toward the door. “There will be a car by to pick you up in five minutes, Mr. Teller. Please consider my offer, and I will hopefully speak to you soon.”
As he heard the door to the van open and close a moment later, Brody’s heart thudded in his chest. He would be active again, doing what he needed and what he wanted. 
It really all did sound simple, too good to be true. As the van drove away, he slowly walked across the dusty floor, stepped outside, put his sunglasses on and firmly shut the door.
The sedan arrived four minutes later. Brody slid inside, feeling the soft, black leather beneath his hands. The driver, a man in his fifties or sixties, greeted him with a smile, and they rode in silence until they reached the marina parking lot.
“Please stay in the car for a minute, Mr. Teller,” the driver said, glancing around.
A moment later, his cell phone rang. “Yes? Okay, thank you.”
The driver turned to him, his blue eyes kind under thick, grey eyebrows. “Mr. Teller, you can leave now. We wanted to be certain that no one was watching and we hadn’t been followed.”
“Thanks, man,” Brody said, reaching for the door handle.
“Mr. Smith also wanted me to remind you that the offer is good for twenty-four hours, no longer.” The driver handed Brody a business card. “Here’s a new number for you to call if you should decide to work for Mr. Teller. Remember, it will only be active for the next twenty-four hours. Have a lovely day.” 
Brody exited the vehicle, fingering the card as he watched the car leave, and then headed back to his apartment.
That evening, he sat on his beach chair curling his toes in the sand while watching the sunset. The dolphins jumped and danced in the surf, whistling and squeaking as if they were excited, and had drawn a crowd down to the beach.
Brody sipped his beer in silence, while people snapped pictures and took videos of the dolphins. He couldn’t help but think that they were egging him on, encouraging him to take the job. How they would know, he didn’t understand, but it was all part of the connection he had with the ocean.
Looking around, he knew the answer to Joe’s proposition. There wasn’t anything keeping him here, except the government, and Joe had promised he would make Brody untraceable.
Suddenly, with his mind made up, a weight lifted from his whole body, and he realized what the dolphins were trying to convey: freedom.

Chapter 12
Rayna set her bag down and dropped into her desk chair at work. She switched on her computer and sipped her coffee as she waited for it to power up.
After checking her email, she listened to her voicemail. It seemed it would be another ho-hum day.
Her desk phone rang. “This is Rayna,” she answered.
“It’s John, Rayna.”
Rayna sat up a little taller at her boss’s voice. “What’s up, John?”
“Listen, I just received word that Brody Teller has gone missing.”
Rayna sat back in her chair, surprised. “Really?”
“Yes. I need you to think about your visit with him and think of anything that you saw that would indicate he was leaving, or where he may have gone.”
Rayna put her head in her hand and closed her eyes, replaying her visit with Brody. There hadn’t been anything glaring like a packed suitcase. He had stood at the refrigerator drinking beer, so there had been at least a few bottles in there.
The apartment had been neat, not like someone was emptying drawers to pack up. She hadn’t bothered to look at his computer or his iPhone as she’d been so taken aback by the pain she saw in his eyes, and his obnoxiousness.
“Nothing I can think of off the top of my head, John,” she said.
“Okay, just give it some thought. You were the last one in contact with him, so the overseers of the program are counting on you to come up with some type of lead for them to follow.”
John hung up. Rayna had heard the irritation in his voice. It was as if she was responsible for the failure of keeping tabs on Brody.
Perhaps she should have been more thorough in her visit, but she had been taken off guard by his rude demeanor, and she couldn’t shake the vision of the pain in his eyes.
In a nutshell, she had felt sorry for Brody, and because of that, she hadn’t done her job. Now he was gone and everyone was looking to her for answers.
“Dammit,” she whispered as she set the phone back in its cradle.
She had a feeling this wasn’t going to bode well for the job advance she so desperately wanted.

Chapter 13
Three months later
“Thanks for staying with us, Mr. Gleason,” Brody said as he shook the man’s hand.
They had just docked the one hundred and fifteen foot yacht aptly named By Sea in St. Maarten, and Mr. Gleason and his much younger girlfriend had been guests on the yacht for a week. Brody didn’t know all the details of why they were visiting, but something about a divorce and his wife threatening to kill him. Joe Smith had called the previous night and told Brody the situation had been handled, and Mr. Gleason was free to return to California.
“Thanks for everything, Brody,” Mr. Gleason said, glancing around. “I truly believed my wife would kill me when I announced I wanted a divorce. She’s been difficult since the day we married, and I couldn’t take it anymore. She tends to be a bit psycho, if you know what I mean.”
Brody smiled and nodded, not really having the faintest idea of what exactly the man meant. He’d jumped into the military at age eighteen and had never had a steady relationship in his life.
“Come on, honey,” Gleason called to Ashley, his girlfriend.
She sauntered out of the Main Salon, and Brody had her pegged for a true gold-digger. In her mid-twenties, her blonde hair hung to her shoulders, and a light blue dress hugged all the curves of her Barbie-doll figure.
Gleason smiled at her, and then made his way down the dock.
“Goodbye, Brody,” Ashley whispered with a wink as she lay her hand on Brody’s forearm. “If you’re ever in Los Angeles, make sure to look me up.”
“Have a safe flight home,” Brody said, stepping away from her. He watched her go as she followed Gleason.
“That is one bangin’ body,” Jason murmured, coming up behind Brody. Jason served on the boat as the First Steward, and Brody and he had become fast friends when Brody first started on the boat two months ago, after his month of training. He was a couple years younger than Brody and a former policeman recruited by Joe Smith.  
“Yes, yes it is,” Brody agreed as Ashley turned around and gave them one last wave, her hips swaying. “A bangin’ body, but she’s going to be nothing but trouble for Gleason.”
Jason nodded. “Yeah, but I wouldn’t mind sticking my toe in that pool of trouble, if you know what I mean.”
“Let’s get the boat cleaned up,” Brody chuckled, placing his hand on Jason’s shoulder.
“Already on it,” Jason said as they boarded the yacht. “Danny’s getting the kitchen in order, and Heidi and Katie are cleaning the lower deck staterooms as we speak.”
“Great. There are a couple things I want to check out in the engine room, so I’ll see you in a bit,” Brody said.
“Aye, aye, Captain,” Jason said with a salute and a really bad pirate accent. “I’m going to go check that sink in the master stateroom.”
As Brody entered the engine room, he examined the pump that was concerning him. It had been acting up for a while, and Brody knew it would need to be replaced in the near future.
Whistling softly, he said a silent prayer of thanks that Joe Smith, or whatever his real name was, had entered his life.
After Brody accepted the job, Joe had given him twenty-four hours to get his affairs in order. Since there wasn’t much for him to do, it had been an easy task. When Thomas had shown up in the dead of the night to whisk him away, Brody had been ready.
 Thomas drove him to Houston, where Brody boarded a private plane to North Carolina. Just before he landed at sunrise, he began to feel the effects of being away from the ocean. His chest tightened slightly, and his body began to ache. He still had a couple more hours before he became incapacitated, so he didn’t worry as his plane continued to the Virgin Islands.
The training to become a yacht captain had taken a month and was easy for him as he’d spent most of his life around boats, so he stepped into the role with ease. The crew had been welcoming, and for the first time since being forced out of the military, Brody truly enjoyed his life.
So far, he found the clientele gracious and thankful for the crews’ services, and there hadn’t been any trouble whatsoever. Brody and his crew worked tirelessly to ensure their patrons were pampered and enjoyed themselves, but above all, they all made sure the customers were safe.
Mr. Gleason had been Brody’s second assignment. His first had been a Russian man claiming to be a spy wanting to defect to Australia, and he feared for his life.
All the crew had to do was keep the vodka flowing, and he had been happy. His stay on the boat lasted almost ten days, and Brody and the crew had enjoyed his stories of espionage and secrecy. They delivered him back to the St. Maarten dock where he was whisked away by one of Joe Smith’s men to parts unknown to Brody. 
Satisfied the pump was going to hold out a little longer, Brody emerged from the engine room to the teak deck and moved into the Main Salon. On the far side of the room sat a large, round, oak dining room table surrounded by eight chocolate colored leather chairs. To its right was a small bar, and white leather couches lined both sides of the room. As he walked barefoot across the Salon, the light brown carpet cushioned his footfalls.
Entering the master stateroom, he heard Jason curse. The focus of the spacious room was a stately, king-sized bed. Brody noted the sheets had already been changed, and the white comforter laid over the bed in perfect precision. White dressers lined each side of the room, and white carpet muffled his footsteps. He would never, ever, even think about drinking a glass of red wine in this room.
“How’s it going, Jason?” he asked as he poked his head into the bathroom. The fixtures and flooring were white, except the large, dark-stone shower with a glass door.
“Fine. Simple fix,” Jason said from under the sink.
“Good.”
Jason poked his head out. He wore his brown hair in a shaved military precision cut, his ice-blue eyes stood out against his tanned skin. “Have you heard from Joe?”
Brody shook his head. “Nope. It looks like we’ll have a few days off.”
“Excellent. Why don’t we head over to Anguilla and visit Bankie’s place? Heidi said she’d like to see her brother, as well.”
Bankie’s place, the Dune Preserve, was a bar made out of driftwood and old boats that sat on the pristine white shores of Anguilla Island. A raised, wooden platform trailed through the soft sands of the beach, and it was very common to see lizards scurrying about. Two monkeys also called the bar home, screeching at the patrons and posing for pictures while smoking cigarettes. It was one of the most laid-back places Brody had ever been. Bankie Banx, the owner, had traveled the world with famous bands and held the title of the Bob Dylan of Reggae, and performed there most weekends. As luck would have it, it was Friday and the place would be hopping.
Heidi was a Caribbean native whose family lived on Anguilla, and also a good crewmember, always on top of her game. However, her disposition tended to fall on the nasty side, and Brody liked to keep her at arms-length from the guests. Hopefully, a visit home would improve her mood and put a smile on her face.
“That sounds good,” Brody agreed. “I’ll let everyone know our plans, and hopefully a visit home will make Heidi happy.”

Chapter 14
Later that night, Brody swayed to Bankie Banx’s soothing sounds, his arms wrapped around a woman with black-as-night skin, dreadlocks, full pouty lips, ocean blue eyes and a gorgeous British accent. A lizard scampered through the sand to his left, and the monkey on the bar screeched as it held a cigarette in its hand and posed for pictures.
He took another sip of beer, trying to remember the woman’s name, but it escaped him. Running his thumb over her lower lip, she caught it between her teeth and bit down gently.
Brody grinned as her hot, wet, tongue swirled around his thumb, and he pulled her closer.
After disengaging his digit from her luscious mouth he leaned down, his lips meeting hers. A jolt of energy traveled through him and landed directly in his groin.
He groaned as she ran her hands up and down his back, the soft lull of the waves hitting the beach a nice backdrop to the guitar and steel drums.
The past two months working for Joe Smith had brought him peace, relaxation, and he finally felt as though he were actually living again, instead of just existing. His life was finally his own, and he had truly shed his past. This new start provided him with a happiness he never expected, and everything about it felt good and right.
“I’ll catch you later, man,” Jason murmured in Brody’s ear as he clapped his shoulder. Brody turned and saw Jason being led out of the bar by a blonde woman in a blue dress, and he chuckled. She could have been Ashley’s, Mr. Gleason’s girlfriend, sister.
He turned to the dark beauty in his arms. “Would you like to come home with me?” he asked, his tone low and quiet.
“You certainly don’t mince words,” she said with a smile.
“Nope. I’ve learned life is too short not to reach out and get what I want, and right now, I really, really want you.”
She raised her eyebrows and pressed her chest into his. Brody felt the hard peaks of her nipples through the light fabric of his shirt, her blue eyes dancing under the torches above. “I’ll have to give that some consideration,” she said against his lips, “but another margarita would definitely help sway my decision.”
Brody kissed her again. “Sounds good,” he murmured. “What flavor?”

Chapter 15
Rayna sat at her desk finishing up the day’s paperwork. She sighed as she looked at the clock and realized it was dinnertime.
Another night eating alone didn’t sound very appetizing, but hunger chawed at her gut. As it was Friday, she decided a bottle of wine would complement her frozen dinner nicely.
She slipped on her jacket and stood, and then shut off her computer. As she left the building, she waved to a few stragglers. Her personal phone began to ring as she slipped into her black Altima.
Keeping two phones, one for business and one for personal use was a necessity in her life. She knew many CIA agents who had one phone for both uses, but she wasn’t allowed that option based on her family lineage.
She pulled it from her pants pocket, looked at the number and answered. “Papa?”
“Yes, love. How are you?”
“I’m good. How are things with you?”
She pulled out of the parking lot as she listened to her father’s quiet, tired voice.
“Mierda, not good, my beautiful daughter.”
Rayna’s gut clenched at his words. “What’s wrong, Papa?”
He sighed. “Your sister is in trouble, and she needs your help.”
Rayna silently cursed. 
Her half-sister, Margarita Garcia, was one of the biggest and brightest names in Latin pop culture. She could be found on almost any South American TV channel shaking her ample assets and crooning about her inability to find a man to make her happy. She was also one of the most spoiled, obnoxious, demanding women Rayna had ever met, and the word “diva” did not even begin to explain her sisters’ behavior at times. Despite their vast differences in attitude and the way they lived their lives, Rayna still loved her half-sister.
“What kind of help?” she asked.
“I need you to go with her for a week or two, as protection.”
As she pulled on to the freeway, she asked, “What do you mean?”
“Rayna, my love, please. She’s got a crazy fan. I’ve found her the best protection I can, but I would feel better if you were there with her. You know how I feel about family: I don’t trust anyone more than my family, and with your training, you’re perfect for this.”
“And what about my job?” she asked in Spanish. “How am I supposed to explain this unexpected leave you want me to take?”
“I don’t know,” he answered in English. “Perhaps you could take some vacation leave? Or sick time? Do they offer you those?”
Rayna’s eyes blurred with tears of rage. She had been working tirelessly to hopefully get the attention of her superiors, and maybe get out from behind the desk. She hadn’t taken any vacation time this year, and she had weeks of sick time saved, as she hadn’t missed a day since she started two years ago. Asking for vacation time now just seemed like a step backward as she felt she needed to be at the office to prove her self.
However, her father needed Rayna to babysit her spoiled, self-absorbed, aggravating half-sister. “I need to call you back,” she murmured, unwilling to let her father hear the anger in her voice. She hit the “off” button and drove home. Once she pulled into the garage of her condominium, she pressed the garage door remote and watched it close in her rearview mirror.
When it hit the floor, she slammed her hands against the steering wheel, the angry tears cascading down her cheeks.
Her sister was everything Rayna wasn’t. Raised at her father’s compound in Mexico, she’d grown up with everything she needed, a roof over her head and food on the table, not to mention everything she wanted. There were no limits to Margarita’s demands, and they were all met.
Rayna wiped her eyes and exited the car. As she stepped into the small kitchen, she flipped on the light. Pouring a glass of Chardonnay, she once again compared herself to Margarita. Everything about them seemed to be exactly opposite. While Rayna tended to be quiet and reserved, Margarita never could get enough attention, which was why she had clawed her way up into the spotlight and now lived the life of one of Latin America’s greatest singers, and she was damn good. Curvy, and beautiful with long, black, curly hair cascading down her shoulders and emerald green eyes, she cut an impressive figure as she gyrated and crooned her Spanish songs ranging from dance music to gorgeous ballads of love. She was outgoing and open with her life, always willing to participate in interviews with the Latin American gossip magazines and TV shows. She thrived on social media with hundreds of thousands of followers. Two months ago when Rayna had last talked to Margarita, she had mentioned that she would be gunning for the American crowd in the near future. “I’m going to kill them with love, song, and dance!” she had exclaimed, and every time Rayna went to the store she glanced at the gossip magazines waiting to see Margarita’s face gracing the covers. It was only a matter of time.
The fact that the flamboyant, attention-seeking woman had found herself a crazy fan didn’t surprise Rayna in the least. Her training kicked in, and she wondered how far this crazed fan had gone with Margarita, and Rayna realized she hadn’t bothered to get any of the details of what exactly had transpired for her father to hire special security. Why didn’t he just take her to his compound in Mexico?  His men would die to protect whatever her father asked them to. For God sake, he led one of the biggest drug Cartels in Latin America. Surely his house would be safe enough for his daughter?
Finishing her wine, she moved to the couch and turned on the TV. Stopping at CNN she didn’t really hear what they said, but instead, her thoughts churned with all the unanswered questions she had. She may not have anything in common with her sister, but they were blood, and her father had always drilled into her that family was the most important thing. However, she did have a life to live, and she needed to figure out where to draw the line between putting her own life on hold and helping her sister.

Chapter 16
Brody’s bed shook, but he didn’t understand why. They weren’t at sea, that much he remembered. What he didn’t recall was what happened between the bar and him landing on his own mattress.
“Get up, you piece of shit,” Heidi snarled, kicking his bed again. Heidi was around twenty-five years old and very pretty with her long blonde hair, tanned skin and blue eyes. However, that beauty was quickly erased when she opened her mouth. She possessed the demeanor of an angry snake and the mouth of a well-traveled sailor.
“Good morning, you lovely, sweet woman,” he mumbled, rolling over.
“I mean it, Brody,” she muttered. “Get up. Joe Smith has called twice wanting to speak to you, and I’m tired of covering for your ass.”
Brody threw back the covers and stood.
“Jesus, Brody! Would you put some damn clothes on?” Heidi yelled, throwing a robe at him.
Brody chuckled, catching the robe as it sailed across his small quarters. “What’s wrong, Heidi? Never seen a naked man before?”
“More than I care to admit,” she grumbled, “and too much of you. Joe will call again in an hour.”
The door slammed and Brody dropped to the ground and pounded out fifty push-ups. He flipped over and crushed one hundred sit-ups. Feeling much better, the happenings of the previous night flooded him as he stepped into the warm shower spray.
He had gone back to the very beautiful Mona’s hotel room—bonus points for remembering her name—and he’d stumbled home when the sun came up. He smiled as he recalled her soft skin and the way her eyes seemed to glow in the moonlight as they sat on the beach sharing lazy, languid kisses. The sea gently lapped against the shore, and he could see dolphins about a hundred yards out rolling through the water, the moonlight glistening off their backs, obviously as content as he had been.
As he quickly shampooed his hair, he wondered what time it was, and what Joe wanted. Perhaps it was time to take on another client.
Stepping from the shower, he studied his reflection in the mirror. Baggage from the night before circled his dark eyes, and running his fingers through his black hair, he decided he needed a haircut. After throwing on some shorts and a t-shirt, he made his way up to the main deck and stopped by the galley. “Good morning, Danny,” he said to the chef. He fought daily to keep the pounds off as he consumed Danny’s amazing cooking.
“Good morning, Brody,” he said, his eyes never leaving his frying pan. “I’ve got eggs benedict on tap for you, but since it’s almost eleven, it will be a brunch type deal.”
Brody nodded. Danny’s dark as night skin shone under the fluorescent lights, his graying hair worn close to his skull. How the guy remained so skinny was beyond Brody’s comprehension as everything he cooked was nothing short of a miracle being dropped on the taste buds. “Sounds good,” Brody said. “I appreciate it, man.”
“No worries,” Danny called as Brody moved into the Main Salon. Katie was busy cleaning the flat screen TV on the wall. “Good morning, Katie,” he said.
“Hello, Brody!” 
While Heidi was young and pretty, Katie was in her forties, rail thin, buckteeth, and plain brown eyes and hair. However, she had the disposition of good faeries, unicorns, and leprechauns: everyday was a gift and a new adventure to her, and she never stopped smiling. She could also hit the bull’s-eye of a target at a hundred yards and was a black belt in karate. Brody considered her his most important team member besides Jason.
Speaking of . . . where was he?
“Katie, have you seen Jason yet?”
“I haven’t, but if I do, I’ll radio you!” she chirped as she moved to the back deck.
The rest of the crew didn’t have any funky abilities like he did that he was aware of, and Brody hadn’t shared his with them. They often commented about the pod of dolphins that never seemed too far away from the yacht, but since his arrival, Brody had been calm and happy, and the sea had mirrored his mood.
Danny brought out the Eggs Benedict just as the satellite phone rang. Brody nodded thanks to Danny, took a quick bite of his breakfast and answered the phone by the third ring.
“Hey, Joe,” he said, trying to chew his food, but not let Joe hear him doing so.
“Good, afternoon, Brody. Is it safe to say that you had a nice evening?”
Brody chuckled. “You could say that.”
“Good. It’s very important for you and the crew to let off steam when not working. I know your jobs can be stressful.”
Brody really appreciated the way Joe cared about the boat crew. He wanted them all happy so their commitment to the assignments didn’t waver. In a nutshell, sometimes they had people’s lives in their hands, and they all needed to be in top form. That included being given time to rest, relax, and have some fun.
“Thanks, Joe.”
“Of course. However, it is time to get back to work, Brody.”
“Great. What’s next?”
“Have you ever heard of Margarita Garcia?” Joe asked.
“Nope. Should I?”
“It would be a possibility if you are into the pop culture, but you don’t strike me as that type of man.”
Brody laughed. “Yeah, you got that right. I haven’t had a lot of time for pop culture while being shot at in Afghanistan or blown up in Guatemala.”
“Yes, I figured as much.”
Brody took another bite of his Eggs Benedict as he listened to Joe. Apparently, Margarita Garcia was a huge Latin pop star sensation. Her star shone bright in South America, the people loved her, and she loved them. “She’s very popular among her people, and she is making inroads into the United States. My guess is she will be a worldwide sensation within the next year or so.”
“Is she the new client?” Brody asked.
“Yes, she is.”
“What kind of trouble did she get into?”
Joe sighed. “Apparently she has a crazy fan whose behavior has escalated beyond writing love letters and into violence.”
Brody let out a small whistle. “Really? Like what?”
“Her father, who is footing the bill for us to protect his daughter, says this fan has killed her cat, sent her threatening notes, and even had roses dripping with blood delivered to her.”
“Wow. That does sound crazy.”
“I agree. When he obtained our protection services, I offered to have his problem taken care of, but he said he would handle it. I’m not sure what he does, but the check cleared, so it isn’t my concern.”
Brody winced. The fact of the matter was the other half of Joe’s business made him a little antsy. The more he heard about the side of the business that dealt with the “problems,” Brody couldn’t help but wonder if Joe provided assassins for hire as well. For Mr. Gleason, Joe knew it had been a matter of removing Gleason from the picture so a financial arrangement could be arranged with his soon to be ex-wife. For the Russian, it was a matter of securing the asylum. What would the “other half” of Joe’s business do with a crazed fan?
However, he wasn’t going to share his questions or doubts with Joe, or anyone else.
“When does she check in?” he asked as Jason walked in looking a little worse for wear. Brody gave him a nod, and Jason waved as he headed downstairs to the crew quarters. “And is she bringing anyone else?”
“It will be Thursday or Friday, and her father said she may be bringing her sister, but when I talked to her father last night, it wasn’t confirmed.”
“Okay, sounds good. Will pick up be in St. Maarten again?”
“No. I’ve arranged for pick up in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands. It’s about an eleven hour trip for you.”
“We’ll head out first thing in the morning, get the provisions for the boat once we reach St. Thomas, and be ready for Ms. Garcia on Thursday or Friday.”
“Excellent. Thank you, Brody. I’ll email the details to you when I have them.”
Brody hung up and called a crew meeting. A few minutes later, Heidi scowled at him as she sat down on the white leather couch in the Main Salon. Katie smiled as she took a seat next to Heidi, and Jason rubbed his face as he tried to look alive, sitting across from Heidi and Katie. Dark circles ringed his eyes, and he had the satisfied look of a man who had been used for many hours during the night. Danny pulled out one of the leather chairs from the dining room table and straddled it.
“Okay people,” Brody said once everyone was settled. “We have our next assignment. Her name is Margarita Garcia. Apparently she’s some big—”
“The Margarita Garcia?” Jason asked, sitting up in his seat. “As in Margarita Garcia, the Latin pop star?”
Brody narrowed his eyes. “Yeah. I take it you’ve heard of her?”
Jason nodded, smiling. “She’s only one of the hottest women on the planet, Brody, and her voice is like smooth butter or rich chocolate.”
“You’re seriously going compare her voice to food?” Brody asked.
“I am. She’s amazing,” Jason gushed, his crush on Margarita evident.
“I assumed she sang in Spanish,” Brody said.
“She does.”
“You speak Spanish?” Brody asked.
“Nope. But I could listen to her all day long while watching her videos. Those things are hot as hell.”
“So you can’t understand a word she says?” Heidi asked.
Jason shook his head.
“How do you know she’s not singing about dumb, American gringo boys who think of nothing but what’s between their legs?” Heidi asked.
Jason shrugged. “Doesn’t matter to me what she’s saying, Heidi. When she shakes that ass and looks over her shoulder with her hair going all over the place, man, she could be telling me to go fuck myself, and I wouldn’t care.”
Heidi rolled her eyes and Katie burst out laughing.
“Okay, Jason. Glad to know you’ve got a thing for our guest,” Brody said, wondering if there wasn’t a woman Jason didn’t have a thing for. “Remember, we’re here to offer her protection, not bed her.”
Jason nodded, a faraway look in his eye.
Brody explained how Joe wanted them in St. Thomas for Margarita’s pick up, and his plan for travel and then getting the provisions for the boat when they arrived.
“Will it be just her?” Danny asked.
“We aren’t sure yet. She may be accompanied by a family member,” Brody answered.
“When will we know?” Danny asked. “I need to make sure we’re stocked up on food.”
“Joe said he’d let us know in the next couple of days, before Margarita arrived.”
There was silence as Brody waited for other inquiries or comments, but none came. “Anyone have any other questions?” Brody asked.
Everyone shook his or her head. “Okay then. We’re out of here first thing in the morning. Let’s get to work.”

Chapter 17
Rayna arrived home, exhausted. Her desk had been buried in tedious paperwork, and she decided she wasn’t meant for long hours of sitting. She longed to be in motion, not chained to a desk. However, she needed to prove herself before her superiors would clear her for fieldwork, and so she stayed at her desk all day and worked through the cramped shoulders and numb butt.
The garage door slid down, and a vehicle pulled up in the driveway just as the door kissed the pavement. Her heart quickened as she wondered who could be calling on her since she had no plans for the evening.
Moving into the house, she hurried to the front door and looked through the peephole. Her father and his driver emerged from the car and walked up to the stoop.
“Papa!” she exclaimed as she opened the door.
“Hello, my love,” he said with a grin as he took her face in his palms and kissed each cheek. “It is so good to see you.”
“Papa, what are you doing here?” she asked, stepping aside to let him in. At age sixty, her father, Daniel Gomez, was still an impressive figure. Threads of silver peppered his black hair, his emerald green eyes the same color as Margarita’s. He stood at almost six feet, his body still strong, thin and muscular, his footsteps conveying confidence and superiority to those around him.
He gazed around the condo for a moment, his green gaze hard as if he were assessing the space. Rayna knew he wasn’t looking over her furnishings—or lack there of, in this case—but what she had done to update the security.
“I’m so happy to see you have put in the blackout blind on the sliding glass door,” her father murmured. “Do you have your weapons where you can get to them easily?”
Rayna smiled. “Of course, Papa.”
“Show me, love.”
As Rayna went through the living room and bedroom, pointing out the five guns she had stashed in each area, her father nodded approvingly. She may be CIA, but she was the daughter of the head of one of Latin America’s biggest drug Cartels, and she realized if for any reason anyone made the connection between her and her father, her life would be in danger. The other Cartels wouldn’t hesitate to kidnap her for ransom, or worse, kill her for retaliation. That was why she used her mother’s surname, and her sister used a stage name.
Most days his world was far, far way, but when her father came to visit, she was reminded just how close she resided to lawlessness.
“You’ve done well, Rayna,” he said, his voice swelling with pride.
Rayna smiled in spite of herself, letting her father’s praises wash over her. Despite her father not being in her life full time, she was still a daddy’s girl.
“What are you doing here, Papa?” she asked.
“Do you have any wine? Perhaps one of the bottles I brought you last time I visited?”
She laughed. Her father hated her grocery store “swill,” as he called it, and preferred to keep a stash of highbrow vintages at her house to enjoy whenever he came to visit. “Of course. I still have the 1952 merlot. Would that be okay?”
“Perfect. Thank you, love.”
As she poured a glass for her father, she quickly downed one, and then she refilled it. She brought the glasses to the tan leather couch and handed one to him while sitting down.
“We should have let this breathe before enjoying it,” he murmured after taking a sip. “But sometimes life doesn’t give us time for such allowances. Speaking of time, you need to go visit your mother. She hasn’t seen you in two weeks.”
“I know. I was planning on stopping by tomorrow.”
He set the wine glass down on the old wooden coffee table and nodded his approval. “You didn’t return my call last night, Rayna,” he said settling back against the cushions.
“I know, Papa. I had to think things through, and I meant to call you this morning, but I got tied up at work.”
He nodded. “I figured. I wanted to come for a visit, anyway, so I flew in on a charter. What are your thoughts on helping your sister?”
Rayna sighed and set her wine glass down next to his. “Papa, I’m working so hard to move up in my job. I want to get out from behind a desk and into the field, and I feel that even if I’m owed vacation time, leaving now would be a bad idea career-wise.”
Her father nodded, his piercing green gaze making her think he could see into her very soul. “I understand, Rayna.”
He took her hand in his, his skin smooth and just a little darker than hers. “Your sister . . . I don’t even know what to say about her. She was not what I expected when Monique, God rest her soul, gave birth to my daughter. From day one that child always needed to be the center of attention. When she was old enough to walk, she ‘d dress up for dinner parties and insist on entertaining the guests. She never watched cartoons, but entertainment shows. Don’t even get me started on her teenage years.”
Monique was Margarita’s mother, and Daniel’s first wife. Rayna had not been born when she was gunned down at a grocery store drive-by shooting. A year later, her father met Rayna’s mother, Sandy, and Rayna was born almost one year later to the day.
Rayna remembered her father bringing Margarita to visit, and how she’d whisper in the dark before they fell asleep that one day she would be famous and the world would love her.
“She has a beautiful voice, but she insists on dressing like a common whore and shaking the gifts God gave her on stage. I cannot stand to even watch her perform any longer.”
Seeing her father worry about his daughter and disagreeing with what she did, made Rayna sad. She knew her father would never express his true feelings to Margarita, but he also came from a different time. Today, everything was sexualized, and her sister used what she had to claw her way to the top.
“But you, you are so different from her. I believe that is because of your mother. After Monique was killed, I always wanted a different life for Sandy and you.  That is why I set you two up in the United States, and I remained in the shadows.”
Her father had been good to her all her life, although he was absent most of the time. He sent her to the best schools in the Virginia area and housed Rayna and her mom in comfort. When he came to visit on fake visas and a private plane, which was about once a month, he brought Margarita, gifts and incredible amounts of hugs, kisses and love to tide her over to his next visit. Even though they lived in different countries, when Margarita and their father came to visit, it felt like a true family.
When she was old enough to finally have an idea what he did, it was his sheer love for her that overrode any ill feelings she had.
Her father was head of one of the largest drug Cartels in Mexico with talons stretching into Guatemala and Honduras.
Before her sat the largest contradiction she’d ever imagined.
As the head of the Cartel, her father ordered people killed—how often, she didn’t know. It could be weekly, or even daily. He commanded an army of men to do his bidding, no matter what that may entail. Cruel, powerful and relentless were words she would use to describe that side of him.
However, as a father, he was kind, gentle, and guided her with optimism and an unwavering belief that her life could be normal, despite the title he held. At times like these when she sat with him sharing a bottle of wine, it was hard for her to imagine the other side of his life, the Cartel side. He’d made certain her existence was never tainted with his business, and that was why it was hard for Rayna to wrap her mind around that part of her father: she’d never seen that side of his life.
“But you, you are different, Rayna,” he said, sipping his wine. “While Margarita uses her body and her God-given talent, her voice, you use your gift: your brains. You don’t need the limelight she craves so badly. You are much happier in the shadows, using your intelligence to guide you through your life. I’m so proud of what you’ve become.”
“Thank you, Papa.” Rayna said, heat warming her cheeks.
“That is why I’m asking you to please be with your sister in her time of need. She can be bombastic and impossible, a creation I take full responsibility for. I grieved for her mother and tried to make up for her death by giving Margarita everything she wanted. I realize now I made a mistake. You are a good match for her because you two are so different. Your intelligence combats her impulsiveness. I’ve seen the two of you interact, Rayna, and you can keep her in line.”
Rayna took a sip of her wine. The only reason her sister even half-listened to her was because Rayna didn’t take any crap from her. “What is this protection you said you hired? Why not just bring her to the compound in Mexico? Surely that is safe until the crazed fan can be dealt with.”
Her father shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t want her there, Rayna. Even with her life in danger, she needs the spotlight. She’d be more of a distraction than I can afford at this point.”
A chill ran up Rayna’s spine at her father’s words. “What does that mean, Papa?”
Her father took another sip of his wine. “It means that we may be having some issues in one of our pipelines, and I need my men focused, not preoccupied by Margarita. Please don’t concern yourself with my problems.”
He’d always shielded her from his business transactions, wanting her life to travel on the straight and narrow. Her path was not to be dirtied by his dealings.
“The protection is a unique agency I was made aware of through some acquaintances,” her father continued. “They hire special people to look after those who need protection and can pay the price. Although Margarita drives me insane, she is my daughter, and her safety doesn’t have a price tag. However, as I stated on the phone, I want you to be there. Although Margarita is older than you by two years, I sometimes feel as though you are the elder sister, the more mature and stable one.”
Rayna stared into her wine glass. Her father made it hard for her to say no. Everything he had said about Margarita rang true: the woman was nearly impossible with her demands and attitude. 
“Where would we go?” she asked, not meeting his gaze.
“After consulting with the head of the agency, we’ve decided the more contained she can be, the more secure she’ll be. Therefore, you’d be accompanying her on a yacht with a special crew in the Caribbean. I figure she can’t get in much trouble if she’s confined to a boat out on the ocean. With you there to keep her in line, she’ll be safe.”
Rayna glanced up at him. How could she say no to a yacht in the Caribbean?
“She’ll be safe, and if you go, the crew will be as well,” he said with a chuckle. 
Rayna couldn’t help but laugh.
“What do you say, Rayna? I know I’m asking a lot, but she’s my daughter, your half-sister. In the end, family is all we have left. The money, the nice homes, the cars and planes . . . as I grow older, I realize that none of it matters. Please, my beloved, help me preserve what is left of my family.”
Rayna eyed her father, thinking he had the ability to dish out Catholic guilt that would put any hardened priest to shame.
“How long do you think it will be? And what about the fan? How far has he or she taken things?” she asked.
Rayna listened as her father told her that the policia were after the fan, but so were his men. It was a matter of who got to him and “neutralized” him first. “The situation has been escalating. Margarita says it stared with silly love letters that she didn’t know about for months because her people kept them hidden from her. Then the letters turned violent and threatening, and she was made aware of them. The police were called. He sends her flowers backstage at her shows, usually white roses with drops of red on them. The most recent bouquet he left a note saying he’d bled for her. The police tested the red drops and indeed, it was human blood. He’s broken into her house twice, but thankfully she wasn’t home. He recently killed her cat, gutted it and hung it from the chandelier in her bedroom.”
“Oh my God,” Rayna murmured.
“Yes. You can see why I worry. This isn’t some lovesick fan. This man is demented and needs to be stopped.”
Rayna studied her father and saw a glint of anger and determination in his green gaze. She had no doubt his men would find the psycho before the police did and would make sure the man never lived to send another love letter to anyone.
He set down his wine glass and took his hand in hers. “What do you say, Rayna? Will you help me protect my insolent, rude, bombastic daughter whom I love?”
“How long do you think I’ll be gone?” she asked.
“My guess would be a week, ten days tops.”
Rayna quickly assessed the situation. She had vacation time saved up, so she could claim a family emergency to get the time off, and she wouldn’t be lying. However, the CIA could never know it was her drug Cartel father and her famous sister who was in crisis.
And really, how could she resist a yacht in the Caribbean? Margarita was difficult, but she could be dealt with. Rayna had been dealing with her for twenty-eight years and had learned a thing or two during Margarita’s visits about how to talk to her to keep her in line.
This protection agency had to be reliable, or her father would never trust them with Margarita’s life. Basically, the only thing she would have to do is relax, catch some sun and tell her sister to shut the hell up every now and then and remind her of exactly why they were on a yacht in the middle of the Caribbean.
It shouldn’t be too difficult.
However, she had the feeling taking the trip would set her back in her work, but her father was right: when it came down to it, family was the only thing that mattered.
“Okay, Papa. I’m in.”

Chapter 18
Rayna and Margarita landed in St. Thomas, the private plane coming to a halt on the tarmac.
The company her father had hired arranged the jet, a new experience for Rayna, but Margarita was in her element, haughtily ordering the flight attendant around for food and drinks as she checked her email, responded to her Facebook page, and looked over her Twitter feed. She sent her Diet Coke back twice because she was certain it was regular. She demanded her food be heated up, but then complained it was too hot. Margarita acted liked a spoiled, entitled brat, which she was. The five-hour flight was long with only a brief respite as Margarita took a short nap.
Disembarking the plane, Rayna inhaled the warm air as it caressed her skin. She tensed as a bald, white man in his fifties dressed in a flowered shirt and kaki shorts approached. “Ms. Garcia?”
“I’m Margarita Garcia,” her sister said, stepping in front of Rayna.
“It’s my pleasure to meet you,” he said with a slight bow. “My name is Henry, and I’m to take you to the boat.”
Rayna relaxed, recalling her father saying they were supposed to meet a man named Henry.
“Excellent!” Margarita exclaimed. “Could you please grab my bags?”
Rayna noted she didn’t wait for an answer, but teetered toward the running SUV in her sky-high heels with her light blue, ankle-length sundress floating behind her, and slipped in the back seat.
Rayna followed, her flip-flops smacking against her feet and her duffel bag thrown over her shoulder.
“Oh, this air conditioning feels good. It seems so much more humid here than Mexico,” Margarita said in Spanish, once they were in the car.
Rayna leaned her head back, hopeful the drive to the boat wasn’t too long.
Henry lifted Margarita’s bags into the back and slammed the door. He took his place behind the driver’s seat and the sped off. A guard at the end of the tarmac opened the gate, and they bypassed the traffic clogging the airport, immediately merging on to the freeway.
St. Thomas was on the U.S. Virgin Island side, so they were able to bypass customs, which made Rayna happy. Right now, she just wanted to get to the yacht, get settled in and embark on their journey. Two days ago, Margarita had received another note reading, I will always love you. If I can’t have you, then no one will. I bled for you, and you will bleed for me.
It was frightening to consider someone thought of her sister in that way.
They drove in blessed silence as Rayna watched the island whiz by, wishing she could experience it. Perhaps she would come down to the islands at another time for vacation.
Busy shops gave way to even busier outdoor market places as locals tried to sell their goods while tourists tried to talk down their pricing. It reminded her a lot of the markets she’d seen in Mexico—somewhere in the middle of the negotiation everyone would find a fair price.
A few minutes later, they pulled into a gated area with signage reading, St. Thomas Marina. Glancing around at all the brand name shops—Gucci, Dolce, and Saks Fifth Avenue to name a few— Rayna wondered if Margarita would want to shop. She would have to make sure to put a stop to that as her job was to get Margarita on the boat, not let her run up her Am-Ex card.
They exited the car, and Rayna took in the hustle and bustle of the marina. People swarmed about, and she heard English being spoken with American, British and Irish accents. She even thought she detected a Canadian. As Henry unloaded their bags, a couple to her right conversed in Chinese, while another family argued in Spanish about where to eat lunch. It seemed people from across the globe traveled to visit the beauty of the Virgin Islands.
Just as a golf cart pulled up to take them down to the boat, Rayna heard, “Margarita Garcia?”
She turned to see a young woman in her early twenties approaching her sister.
“Yes!” Margarita said, her smile giving away that she was thrilled she had been recognized.
“Oh, my God! I love you!” the woman gushed in Spanish.
Rayna stepped up to put some space between Margarita and her fan, but Margarita gently pushed her out of the way.
“Can I get a picture with you?” the woman asked.
“Of course!” Margarita said, bringing her long ponytail over her shoulder so it rested on her breast. “Let’s take the picture this way so our beautiful faces are properly lit.”
Rayna rolled her eyes as her sister arranged her mouth in a pouty, yet sultry grin, and the woman snapped the picture with her phone. It would be a great shot with the boats in the far background.
“What are you doing here?” the woman asked, continuing their conversation in Spanish.
The man driving the golf cart pushed between them. “We need to go, Ms. Garcia.”
“Just another minute,” Margarita said, stepping around him.
“No. Now,” he ordered, grabbing her arm.
Margarita shot him a nasty look, but then smiled at the woman. “I do need to go, love, but thank you so much for coming to speak with me!”
“I love you, Margarita!” the woman called as the driver ushered Margarita into the back seat of the golf cart.
Rayna slid in beside her.
“I can’t believe I was recognized in the Virgin Islands!” Margarita proclaimed. “I’m telling you, Rayna, soon I will be a worldwide sensation!”
The idea of being recognized wherever she went did not appeal to Rayna in the slightest bit. She preferred her anonymity, and couldn’t imagine living her life in the spotlight her sister craved so desperately.
“I would have liked to go shopping, Ray-Ray. I don’t know why I can’t. Papa sent you here to protect me. I could shop and you could do what Papa wants you to do.”
Rayna’s last nerve was about to come unraveled. Her day had started out at 5 a.m. when she met Margarita at the Richmond International Airport. From there, they had boarded a private jet to Charlotte, North Carolina. They immediately were transported to another plane to take them to St. Thomas. Exhaustion had set in, and she’d had just about enough of Margarita. Rayna tuned her out as she prattled on about how unfair it was that she wasn’t allowed to visit the exquisite shops lined up at the entrance to the marina.
The golf cart bounced along the dock planks as Rayna looked at the boats. Some were monstrous yachts; others were smaller day vessels. Their white hulls gleamed in the sun as the squawk of the sea birds floating above met her ears. A cool, light breeze wafted from the water and she smiled as it caressed her skin. She always forgot how much she truly loved the ocean.
“You seem so uptight today, Rayna,” Margarita said.
“No, I’m fine.”
“No, your not. That’s the first time I’ve seen you smile all day long, and I see you rolling your eyes at me. I’m sorry you don’t think I’m wonderful, but there are millions of people in this world who do.”
“I never said that, or gave you any indication I don’t think you’re wonderful, Margarita,” Rayna said with a sigh. The cart came to a stop, and Rayna stepped out, reaching for her bag.
In Spanish, Margarita said, “I think your problem is you just need to get laid, little sister.”
That was it—her nerve unraveled. “Shut up, Margarita!” she yelled turning toward her sister. The fact of the matter was she probably did need some sex, but Margarita didn’t need to be broadcasting that to everyone on the dock.
Ignoring her, Margarita slipped her sunglasses down her nose and said in her native tongue, “And there are two very fine men who I’m sure would be happy to oblige.”
Rayna spun around, praying the two men didn’t speak Spanish. Her breath caught as she immediately recognized one of the men.
“Holy shit,” she whispered.
“My thoughts exactly,” Brody grumbled.

 
Chapter 19
Rayna stared at Brody, almost unable to comprehend what she was seeing and momentarily forgetting she was angry at Margarita. Yes, it was the same tall, dark, extremely rude and ruggedly good-looking man she had seen three months ago. What was he doing greeting her as she boarded the yacht with her damn sister?
Confusion tore through her as she tried to put the pieces together. Brody stood before her dressed in a white shirt, the emblem indicating he was Captain of the yacht.
It didn’t make any sense. Her father had assured her the company he hired for protection was private, not a government agency. As far as she knew, Brody belonged to the government.
Margarita announced that the cruise wouldn’t be too bad with two good-looking guys on it, and she swept over to Brody and extended her hand. “I’m Margarita Garcia,” she purred.
“It’s nice to meet you Margarita,” he said, giving her a small smile. “My name is Brody. I’m the Captain of the yacht, and this is my right-hand man, Jason.”
“Hello, Jason,” she said, her gaze raking over him, “You’re absolutely darling. Please, grab my bags and help me get settled.”
Jason’s cheeks flamed, and Margarita laughed as he walked over to the golf cart, picked up two Louis Vuitton suitcases and followed her into the yacht, leaving Rayna and Brody alone. 
“What are you doing here?” he hissed. “Did they send you?”
Rayna shook her head and dropped her red duffel bag at her feet. “That’s my sister,” Rayna whispered, pointing at the doorway where Margarita had disappeared. “What are you doing here?”
“Bullshit,” he said, ignoring her question. “There’s no way you being here is a coincidence like that.”
Rayna crossed her arms over her chest. “Then call it divine intervention, Brody. I’m not here in an official government capacity. I’m here because my sister’s life is in danger.”
“You’re lying, and you aren’t getting on my fucking boat,” he growled.
“And I see your disposition hasn’t improved one iota since our last meeting.”
Brody looked as though he was going to say something, but Margarita’s shrill voice interrupted him.
“Rayna!” Margarita called, “Come see this lovely boat!”
“I am getting on your fucking boat, Brody. Our father has paid handsomely for your services, and I expect you to do exactly what you were hired to do: protect my sister.”
Brody’s nostrils flared, and his lip twitched. “I’ll need to call my boss before we set sail and tell him exactly who his client is.”
“You do that,” Rayna said, bending down to pick up her bag, but Brody beat her to it. She caught the scent of a light aftershave mixed with ocean and just a tinge of sweat and inhaled deeply.
“I’ll get your bag, but we aren’t done talking about this,” Brody grumbled. “Once you two get settled in and I talk to my boss, I’m going to want more information out of you.”
Rayna followed him. “I’ve told you everything there is to know. What are you going to do? Take me downstairs, tie me up and interrogate me?”
He threw her a nasty look over his shoulder. “Don’t tempt, me, Ms. CIA. Don’t tempt me.”

Chapter 20
As Brody carried in the red duffel bag, he realized Rayna’s presence had him very rattled and very angry. As the boat rocked from the waves, he took a few deep breaths. Walking down the stairs to the lower staterooms, he tried to focus and figure things out, and the rock of the boat subsided.
If Rayna was here truly for her sister, it was definitely an amazing coincidence. The trouble with that line of thinking was that Brody didn’t believe in coincidence. He relied on hard facts.
Fact one: Rayna was a CIA agent who had been tasked just over three months ago to check up on him, and now he heard her footsteps behind him on the stairs.
Fact two: From the first time he laid eyes on her, he’d been attracted to her. He longed to run his fingers through her messy hair and to feel that long, thin body against his. She looked hot as hell in her green sundress that sat at mid-thigh with a very low neckline.
He reminded himself he knew very little about her. He didn’t know if she was married or had a boyfriend at home. She was still hot as hell, and if weren’t for her being a CIA agent, he’d try to bed her in an instant as long as there wasn’t a husband at home, of course.
He glanced down at her hand. No ring.
Fact three: Trying to bed her would be a very, very bad idea.
“Here’s your room,” he said, his voice sounding lethal even to his own ears.
“Thanks,” she muttered, their arms brushing up against each other as she moved past him into the room sending a wave of energy throughout his body.
She looked around briefly at the queen-sized bed covered in a brown and white comforter, the shiny wooden built-in dresser on the opposite wall and the expensive art hanging on the walls.
“This is nice,” she said crossing her arms over her chest and gazing at him.
“Glad you like it. I need you upstairs for a safety meeting before we set sail. First, I need to make that phone call,” he said, trying not to glimpse at the hint of cleavage as he turned to head up to the Main Salon.
“Wait a minute,” Rayna said, walking over to him. “I have a few questions myself, Brody.”
“Like what?”
“I want to know about this yacht. It doesn’t look like a place where someone would go for protection. What about the windows? The boat itself? The crew? Can they be trusted?”
He gazed down at her, just a foot of space between their bodies. He found it interesting that she wasn’t asking questions about his escape from his previous life, but about how exactly the boat was going to protect her sister. Her grey gaze bore into him, questioning, yet expecting answers.
He debated whether to tell her anything. What if it was some ploy for her to get the specs on the boat so that the government could swoop in and nail him? It seemed far-fetched. If the government truly wanted him, they would have come in full steam at the dock.
“And what do you want with the information?” he asked, just testing the waters.
She stared at him a beat, and then sighed. “Brody, this isn’t about you. This is about my sister who has received death threats. I could care less about your life, the accident that gave you whatever supernatural power you think you have, or the government. Right now, this is all about my sister. She’s in trouble and I’m here to help her.”
Brody smiled, feeling confident in his initial assessment. Ms. super-hot CIA wasn’t here for him, but he still wanted to talk to Joe.
 “The crew is trained in martial arts and weaponry, and most have some sort of military training,” he murmured. “As for the specs on the boat, that’s none of your goddamn business. Your sister’s safe here.”
Rayna licked her lips and nodded her head. “Are you going to be this rude the whole time I’m here?” she asked.
He sighed. It would be a long trip if he didn’t cut her some slack. “You showing up here is a pretty big coincidence,” he said.
“It is, and that’s all it is, Brody. I’m not here in any official capacity. So it would be great if we could play nice while I’m on the ship.”
And what about after the trip? Would she go running back to the CIA with his whereabouts?
“We’ll see,” Brody said, stepping out of the doorway. “We need to get under way after I make my phone call, so please, come upstairs for the safety meeting.”
Rayna brushed by him again, and Brody followed her up the stairs, trying to ignore the sway of her slender hips and the muscles rippling through her long legs.

Chapter 21
Awed by her surroundings, Rayna had never been in such luxury. Everything on the one hundred and fifteen foot boat screamed money and pretentiousness; however, it was also comfortable and soothing. She imagined if she weren’t here to babysit Margarita, she would enjoy the trip very much.
She sat on the soft, white leather couch, smiling at the two women from the crew. 
“Hi,” she said to both.
“Hello!” the older one chirped. “My name’s Katie, and this lovely, young lady is Heidi.”
“Hi, Heidi,” Rayna said.
“Hello,” Heidi retorted without a smile. It seemed she had the same disposition as Brody, and Rayna hoped she could appreciate this trip despite the two rude crewmembers.
Brody bounded down the stairs from the upper level as she heard her sister talking with someone at the front of the ship.
“Rayna!” Margarita called. “Come look at this gorgeous room!”
Rayna moved to stand, but Brody put his hand on her shoulder, keeping her exactly where she was. “No, stay here. I’ll go get her. We need to get underway, and then you two can tour the boat.”
Rayna nodded as he headed toward Margarita’s voice, her shoulder still warm from his light touch.
A moment later Margarita swooped into the room followed by Brody and the other male crewmember.
“Please, sit down, Ms. Garcia,” Brody said.
Margarita sat on the far end of the same couch as Rayna. “Please, call me Margarita,” she purred, her gaze raking over Brody.
Brody gave her a small smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Okay, Margarita. As you already know, my name is Brody. I’m the captain of this vessel. This is Jason,” he said, gesturing to the other man, “and these two lovely ladies are Heidi and Katie. Danny, our chef, is in the kitchen preparing a late lunch. We’re all here to make sure your stay with us is comfortable and safe.”
“Excellent!” Margarita nodded, standing and looking at Heidi and Katie. “Would one of you be a doll and unpack my bags leaving out the red bikini? Perhaps the other could whip up a Rum Punch or Cosmo for me? It’s been a long day and I’d like to sun myself and relax.”
“Sit down,” Brody said, his voice hard, but a smile on his face.
“Excuse me?” Margarita asked. 
“I said, sit down. I’m not done talking yet.”
Margarita pursed her lips and crossed her arms over her ample chest. While Rayna was sinewy muscle, Margarita’s hourglass figure was luscious curves, reminding Rayna of the Kardashian women. “Let me make something clear here,” Margarita murmured, “I am the client, you are the crew. You just said the crew’s job was to make sure that I’m comfortable, and right now I’m not. I’m tired from my trip, and I would like a cocktail and to spend some time sunning myself.”
Brody’s nostrils flared, and Rayna bit her lip to hide her smile. A contest of wills was taking place, and she wondered who would win. If she were a betting girl, she’d place her money on Margarita. Brody stepped up to her sister, completely invading her space.  Margarita took a small step back, her knees flush with the couch. She had nowhere else to go.
“You’re right,” Brody growled, still smiling, “I did say that. But I also said we’re responsible for your safety. I need to go over the safety rules, so sit down.”
“Are you trying to bully me?” Margarita screeched.
“No,” Brody said, his tone glacially calm, “I’m trying to do my job. Now, sit.”
He leaned forward just a bit, forcing Margarita to be seated.
Rayna glanced over at her sister and could practically see the anger radiating off her.
“Do you know who I am?” Margarita hissed, staring up at Brody.
Brody smiled. “Of course I do. You’re Margarita Garcia, the person whose life is in danger. You’re the woman I’ve been assigned to keep alive.”
“That’s right, I’m the client!” Margarita shouted.
“And I’m captain of this goddamn boat!” Brody yelled. “I’m in charge here, so you are going to listen to me!”
Rayna had heard enough, and was glad she wasn’t a gambler as Brody had clearly won the battle. In Spanish she said, “Margarita, please just shut the hell up so we can get out of here. You’ll get your drink and your sun soon enough. Just take five minutes and listen to him.”
“I don’t like people telling me what to do,” Margarita huffed in Spanish, her piercing gaze never leaving Brody.
“I know, but he’s trying to keep you alive, so just listen, okay?”
Margarita nodded, sat back on the couch, and crossed her arms over her chest. She reminded Rayna of a pouting child.
“Now then, here are the rules,” Brody continued. “Most of it is self-explanatory. First, stay out of the engine room. You don’t seem like you’d be very interested in that anyway, right Margarita?”
She sniffed, and Rayna suppressed a smile. Margarita in the engine room was like a dead fly floating in wine: you didn’t want it there. Thankfully, Margarita had no interest in engines, noise or grease.
“Second, you’re welcome in the Bridge, but please don’t go in there unattended. We will also have a curfew for the boat. After dark, it’s imperative we are all inside.”
Rayna studied Brody as he talked about what to do if the ship were to go down. Good Lord, the guy was attractive. He pushed his black shaggy hair off his forehead, his dark eyes gleaming against his tanned skin. Once again, she noted he didn’t look like a solider, let alone a soldier who was the target of some government experiment.
She wondered what the outcome of the explosion had been. Why did the government want to keep him on such a tight leash? What had they done or altered within him that was so secret, so hush-hush that required him to be monitored on a monthly basis? And, how had he escaped it?
“If you see me running through the boat with a lifejacket, it’s a good indication you should do the same,” he grinned, and Rayna chuckled.
“Upstairs are the Sky Lounge and the Bridge. The floor above that is the hot tub and some large cushions where you can lay in the sun.”
He glanced at Rayna and Margarita as if he expected them to say something, but both remained quiet. “We have security cameras throughout the boat, except in the bedrooms, which are monitored at all times.”
Rayna nodded, liking the fact that someone would be keeping an eye on Margarita when she couldn’t, or when she needed a little time to herself.
“We also require you to turn in all devices that allow you to access the Internet,” Brody said. “We don’t want your whereabouts known to anyone.”
Margarita shook her head. “No. My fans will miss my posts on Facebook and my pictures on—“
“The last thing we want is you interacting with anyone on social media,” Brody said.
“But—”
“No. So please hand over your devices to Katie.”
Katie stepped forward with a brown box lined in black velvet. Rayna laid her phone in it, and Margarita did the same.
“She also has a laptop,” Rayna said.
“Rayna!” Margarita screeched, and Rayna ignored her. 
Brody nodded. “Thanks for letting us know. After we’re done here, Katie will collect it. We’ll keep everything in a locked cabinet.”
“I can’t believe this,” Margarita pouted, crossing her arms over her chest. “This is just ridiculous.”
“No, it’s not,” Rayna countered. “It’s about keeping you safe.”
 “Lastly, I highly recommend you take a seasickness pill every morning,” Brody continued, also ignoring Margarita. “We supply them, and they’re kept in that basket right over there.” Brody pointed to a brown basket sitting on the counter. “If you don’t have any questions, that’s about it. We’re here to make sure your stay with us is enjoyable, but also to keep you safe. We’ll be leaving in just a few minutes.”
Brody walked from the room, Jason right behind him. The rest of the crew scurried about, pulling plants from their shelves and securing them to the floor.
“Why are you doing that?” Rayna asked Heidi, who ignored her.
Katie turned to her and smiled. “We need to have everything on the floor before we set sail so that nothing falls and breaks if we run into choppy waters.”
Rayna nodded and watched them for another moment, then turned to Margarita. “Let’s take a look around, then we’ll unpack,” Rayna said, standing and stretching. Margarita hadn’t been the only one who had a trying day, and frankly, a Rum Punch and some sun sounded good to her as well, but first, she wanted to get a good layout of the boat.
“I think the crew should unpack my bags,” Margarita sulked.
Rayna turned to her. “Quit acting like such a brat, Margarita. You’re perfectly capable of unpacking your own suitcase.”
“I know, but this is a yacht. We are in the lap of luxury. Someone should wait on us at all times.”
Rayna rolled her eyes, “Come on, Princess. Let’s go.”
As the engine came to life, Rayna checked out Margarita’s stateroom, which was gorgeous. The big white bed definitely looked inviting, as did the shower. Rayna had never seen a shower stall with five separate shower fixtures: one above and four that sprayed water directly out of the wall. Katie came in and collected Margarita’s laptop.
They went upstairs to the Sky Lounge and heard Jason and Brody talking in low tones on the Bridge. Rayna opened the sliding glass door leading to the gleaming, white deck that housed the jet skis and other water toys, and turned to the stairway to her left.  When they reached the top of the yacht, Margarita finally smiled.
“This is beautiful,” she murmured.
“Yes, it is,” Rayna agreed.
The big, blue hot tub stood on the bow, empty. Rayna guessed they kept it dry for travel so water didn’t slosh out if they hit choppy waters. On each side of the hot tub and across the back of the deck were raised, large white cushions and pillows perfect for lounging in the sun.
The yacht rumbled beneath them as Rayna inhaled the warm, salty air, and they left the dock. Seabirds flew next to the boat as they passed other yachts, fishing boats and sailboats while pulling out of the St Thomas Marina. Margarita and Rayna watched in silence as the marina faded away in the distance, and glorious islands of green foliage appeared before them, the bright blue ocean kissing their shores.
“I think it’s bikini time!” Margarita exclaimed as she headed for the stairs.
Rayna laughed, following her sister, completely agreeing with her for the first time that day.

Chapter 22
“Good God, look at that ass,” Jason mumbled as he stared at the security camera feed. Brody was looking at an ass, but he didn’t think it was the same one Jason had his eye on.
“Man, that thing is like a small mountain,” Jason said.
Nope, definitely not the same one Brody was checking out.
Brody glanced ahead and made sure he wasn’t about to run over a sailboat or run ashore on an island, and then turned his attention back to the screen at the two sisters lying on their stomachs sipping Rum Punch on the top deck, their faces away from the camera, but he could see them in profile.
Margarita’s ass definitely looked like a small mountain, and it was nice. However, it didn’t hold a candle to Rayna’s tight, athletic butt tapering down into long, taunt legs.
“Can you imagine getting your hands on that one?” Jason asked. “That’s so much more than a handful.”
Yes, it was, but Rayna’s cheeks looked like they’d fit in the palms of his hands just fine.
He shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. “Knock it off, Jason. They’re our clients, not women to ogle.”
“I’m not ogling,” Jason argued, never taking his eyes from the screen. “I’m appreciating. There’s a difference.”
Brody rolled his eyes. “Whatever. Get your ass up and down to the engine room and check that pump for me.”
Jason sighed, but did as he was told.
Finally alone, Brody opened up the side window and inhaled the fresh air, feeling invigorated. He loved this job, and he would do anything to protect himself and his livelihood.
He checked out the women on his screen, trying hard to ignore their butts. Margarita laughed at something Rayna said, and the smile on Rayna’s face indicated she was having a good time with her sister. Those two were so different; he didn’t understand how they were related.
Margarita seemed to be an entitled, spoiled brat. However, according to Jason, she earned her own millions through her music, but that still didn’t give someone the right to act like a complete and utter bitch. Yes, she was gorgeous, but as far as Brody was concerned, the second she opened her mouth, she lost about ninety percent of her beauty. No one liked a pretty a face with an ugly, entitled mouth. Rayna, on the other hand, seemed to be quiet and unassuming, except when she wanted answers. As he stared at Margarita and Rayna on the screen, they continued to laugh and talk. Not only were they vastly different on a physical level, but their personalities seemed to be on the opposite ends of the spectrum as well.
His phone call with Joe had eased his worries about Rayna. Joe had been monitoring the government, and although they looked for Brody, there wasn’t any indication they had found him. If Joe were to be trusted, which he was, it was just a huge, strange coincidence that Rayna ended up on the yacht. 
Katie delivered another round of Rum Punches to them, and Margarita said something to Katie. Whatever it was, Rayna’s hung her head while shaking it back and forth. Katie laughed, and Brody could tell Rayna giggled as well from the quiver in her shoulders.
Brody had no worries about protecting Margarita. Her threat was a crazed fan, and a crazed fan couldn’t have followed her to the Virgin Islands. The guy was a psychopath, probably some thirty-something year old living in his parent’s basement jacking off Margarita’s videos all day long. Besides, how would he even know she was here?
Glancing at the ocean ahead, he tried to fully trust Rayna, but still found it a little difficult. He did, however, have full faith in Joe, and if Joe said everything was cool, he had to believe him. He reminded himself if the government wanted him, they had ample opportunity at the dock.
He hadn’t been lying when he told Rayna about the crew and its abilities. However, he hadn’t told her of the stash of weapons underneath the plush, white leather couches in the Main Salon, nor had he told her of the small room in the crew’s quarters holding another set of guns. Then there was the small arsenal under the bench in the Bridge he had also failed to mention. She had no idea about the true potential of the boat or its crew.
 As he looked back at the screen again, Margarita was on her knees pulling the bikini string at her back and then laid back down, tossing her top to the side. He didn’t see anything, but her girls were definitely floating free in the breeze. Rayna laughed again, and he waited for her to do the same.
She never did, and Brody was happy Jason wasn’t around to see Margarita’s disrobing. The poor guy may have broken down in tears of ‘appreciation.’
He decided his main goal was to keep Ms. Hot CIA Agent at arms’ length this trip. He would sail the sisters around, show them the sights of the Virgin Islands, and when Joe Smith called and told him everything was taken care of, he’d schlep them back to St Thomas and dump them at the dock. After that, he’d move on to his next assignment.
Deep down, though, he couldn’t ignore the feeling that it wasn’t going to quite work out that way.


Chapter 23
As Rayna and Margarita sat down to dinner at the dining room table in the Main Salon, Rayna giggled again, not remembering the last time she’d been this tipsy, even though she’d only had two rounds of Rum Punch.
She stared out the windows as the yacht gently rocked back and forth. Brody had anchored in a place called Magens Bay, and it was beautiful. To the bow of the boat, light greenish-blue water lapped at a white sandy beach. On each side of them, stood mountains of green trees with houses interspersed among them. To the back of the boat was Turtle Island, an uninhabited rock that really did look like the outline of a turtle. The sun was setting, casting the sky in gorgeous pinks and oranges.
She realized for the first time since she started at the CIA, she was relaxed. The self-imposed pressure to succeed had tied her up in knots and drained her. As her body loosened, she seemed to become more and more tired.
Margarita smiled at her, and Rayna noticed her droopy eyes, indicating Margarita was feeling the rum as well.
“Danny has prepared filet mignon with scalloped potatoes in a Béarnaise sauce, and for dessert you’re having strawberry shortcake,” Heidi announced.
“I can see we’re going to put on a few pounds this week,” Rayna grumbled.
“Don’t worry, Ray-Ray!” Margarita exclaimed. “You’re far too skinny anyway!”
Jason and Brody came down the steps from the Bridge, talking in low tones.
“Jason! Brody! Join us!” Margarita commanded.
“Uh, no thanks. We have things we need to take care of,” Brody said, brushing past her.
“But I always like to dine with fine men,” Margarita complained. “Please join us? Don’t you think they should, Ray-Ray?”
Jason glanced at Brody, and Rayna could see the pleading in his eyes. If she wasn’t mistaken, Jason had a thing for Margarita, which was a cause for concern. Margarita went through men faster than crap through a goose. She’d take him, use him, and leave him wondering what the hell just happened. Jason seemed like a nice guy, and she’d hate to see him get crushed by the likes of her sister.
“It’s not part of the protocol on a yacht,” Brody said.
Margarita shrugged. “This isn’t a normal voyage, Captain,” she answered, her voice dripping with sticky sweetness as she batted her eyelashes.
Brody glanced over at Rayna, and she nodded. She didn’t care one way or the other whether the two men joined them for dinner. It seemed the heated words between her and Brody had lessened a little, and maybe he finally trusted her that her being on the boat had nothing to do with him. She was here for her sister.
“Well, I guess that would be okay,” Brody said as Jason grinned.  “Are you okay with it, Katie?”
“Sure! Let me set up a couple other place settings!” Katie said.
A moment later, two table settings were laid out; Jason took a seat next to Margarita, while Brody sat next to Rayna.
“Ray-Ray?” he teased under his breath. “Isn’t that cute.”
Rayna wanted to smack him as she hated her sister’s nickname, but then Margarita said, “So Brody, tell me about yourself.”
Rayna picked at her salad as she listened to him talk, her curiosity piqued. A son of a fisherman and a housewife, he’d been an only child. She studied his strong jaw and chiseled cheekbones with a dark five o’clock shadow. His black-as-night hair gleamed in the overhead lamplight, and soft curls kissed the nape of his neck. Once again, she couldn’t deny the man was gorgeous, and a shiver went down her spine as goose bumps pricked her arms.
Allowing her gaze to travel over his thick shoulders covered in the white button down crew shirt, she studied his strong arms and hands, and noticed the way he delicately held the fork and knife as he cut a tomato into small pieces. He chewed with his mouth closed and wiped his lips with the napkin on his lap. His mom had obviously hammered good manners into him as a child, and they hadn’t been lost in the dust of Afghanistan or deep jungles of Guatemala.
“We share the same father, but different mothers,” Margarita was saying when Rayna tuned back into the conversation. She shifted in her seat, hoping that Margarita would leave out the part about what exactly their father did for a living. “I live in Mexico, and Rayna resides in Virginia.”
Brody looked over at Rayna. “How’s work been going?” he asked.
Rayna shrugged. “Fine.”
“No great stories of espionage and intrigue?”
She glanced over at him, his dark eyes boring into her, bringing on not only another round of goose bumps, but a jolt of warmth to her belly. She hated that this man who had been so rude to her caused such a visceral reaction within her.
“No,” she said.
“Maybe when you get back home,” he murmured.
Rayna cleared her throat, not bothering to tell him she was a paper-pusher. “Maybe.”
As the main course was served, Rayna tried to talk herself out of the desire she felt for Brody. It had been there the first time she’d met him in his apartment, but it had been quickly extinguished by his brash behavior. Now, as he as next to her with his perfect manners, his sexy smile, and her nose tingling with the faint smell of his aftershave, it bloomed. This wasn’t the time or place to spark up a romance, or even indulge in sex. Her sister’s life was in danger. She needed to focus on that, not the sudden needs of her long-ignored libido.
Margarita peppered Jason with questions, and the guy stammered and blushed his way through the answers as Margarita laughed and flirted with him. By the time dessert was served, Rayna decided she needed to get up from the table and move around, her inner pep talk about no sex failing miserably. Brody’s closeness made her extremely uncomfortable. She was here on a professional capacity, and the salacious thoughts going through her mind needed to stop.
“Excuse me, please,” she said, setting her napkin on the table.
“Is everything okay?” Katie asked, obviously concerned. “Can I save the dessert so you can have it later?”
Rayna shook her head. “No thank you, everything was delicious. I’d love a glass of Merlot, though.”
Katie nodded, and Rayna felt the heat of Brody’s gaze on her. She turned and headed for the bow of the boat. “I’ll be out here, Katie!” she called, the need to put space between her and Brody absolutely crucial.

Chapter 24
Brody watched Rayna flee as if her ass was on fire. The sway of her hips under her light blue cover-up caught his eye, reminding him of that perfect ass he’d been admiring earlier.
Katie stood at the bar and opened a bottle of Merlot. Brody got to his feet and set his napkin down on the table. “I’ll take it out to her, Katie,” he murmured.
“Sure. Thanks, Brody. I’ll get everything cleaned up in here.”
Brody took the glass and glanced over at Jason and Margarita, who were still talking. Well, Jason looked like a puppy waiting to be pet by its master, and Margarita gazed at him like she wanted to eat him for dessert. Brody had the distinct feeling Margarita was far more than Jason could handle.
He pushed open the door leading to the bow, the moon coming up over St. Thomas as the sun set behind him. Rayna stood at the side of the boat, her arms resting on the teak railing.
“Here you go,” he said as he approached.
She turned to him, startled. “I-I’m sorry,” she stammered. “I was expecting Katie.”
“She had things she needed to get done, so I volunteered to bring it out to you.”
Rayna took the glass and gave him a small smile. “Thank you,” she murmured, turning back to the bay. Brody stood next to her, leaning his arms on the railing, leaving just a few inches between them.
“This is beautiful,” she said, taking a sip of wine.
Brody studied her in the moonlight. He saw a little bit of Margarita in her features, but he wouldn’t know they were related unless he’d been told so. While Margarita’s features were strong and hard—just like her personality— Rayna’s were softer, more feminine. She tucked a strand of black hair behind her ear, and Brody had the urge to take the lobe into his mouth and suckle it. “Yes, you’re right,” he said, hearing the gravel in his voice. “It is beautiful.”
She glanced over at him her grey eyes glimmering in the deck light. “I take it you talked to your boss and now trust me that me being here is all a coincidence,” she said. 
Brody sighed and looked out over the dark water. “I guess I have to,” he said, “because nothing else makes sense. If the government wanted me back, they would have taken me at the dock. There’s no reason for them to send you here to go cruising on a yacht. Besides that, I do trust my boss. It’s after this trip I worry about.”
“Why?”
Brody shrugged. “Who’s to say that you won’t go running to your supervisor with information on where I am? What if there is some type of reward on my head, and you can cash in? Turning in a fugitive would definitely help you move up the ladder, right?”
“Brody, I would never do that,” Rayna said, placing her hand on his arm. “You have my word that your location is safe with me.”
He stared at her for a long time, and she never looked away. He’d learned that people who lied usually needed to break eye contact. Those who could hold the stare while telling a lie usually gave their deception away with something else, like a tapping foot or quivering lip. As she looked up at him, he knew he had to listen to his gut, and it was telling him she told the truth.
He nodded. “Yeah, I believe you. I guess we’re cool.”
Rayna smiled. “I’m glad. I don’t think anything will happen on the boat, but if something were to happen, I’d like to be around someone who trusts me.”
“Agreed,” he said.
“How did you get away?” Rayna asked after a moment.
He smiled. “That, Ms. CIA, is none of your damn business.”
She glanced over at him and grinned. “Okay, Captain. Fair enough.”
They stared out at the water for a few more minutes, Brody feeling the tension in his shoulders lessen. He hadn’t even realized it was there. Being out to sea relaxed him, and it always had. There was something soothing about the sound of the soft swells nestling against the boat and the humid breeze tickling his nose, clearing his head.
“Are you ever going to tell me what they did to you?” Rayna asked, taking another sip of her wine.
Just then, Brody caught movement out of the corner of his eye and heard the familiar chatter of the dolphins. He looked down at the pod swimming next to the boat, the moonlight gleaming off their backs as they rolled around in the water. 
“Oh my God!” Rayna exclaimed when she saw them. “Look at them, Brody!”
As the dolphins played and chattered, Rayna laughed and grinned. He wanted to tell her he was somehow responsible for their appearance, that he was connected with them and the ocean in some mysterious way even he didn’t fully understand. However, the words got stuck in his throat as he watched her face light up with sheer wonderment of the moment. Gone was the serious Ms. Hot CIA agent, and in her place was a woman feeling joy at a new experience. As she laughed, she grabbed his arm, and he couldn’t help but think he was seeing a side of Rayna that didn’t reveal itself very often. He realized there was much more to the woman than she let the world see, and he wondered if she harbored her own secrets, or if she was just closed off by nature.
Her touch set his blood on fire, his heart raced a little faster at her open smile. The chime of her laughter made him feel a little lighter, as if it somehow gave his soul wings.
The question of what they had done to him was gone, and they watched the dolphins for a few more minutes. The grey bodies soon disappeared under the black, inky sea, and Brody turned back to Rayna.
Her smile faded into a small grin as she stared up at him. In the moonlight, she looked like an island goddess with her dark hair, tanned skin, and sparkling eyes. The urge to kiss her full lips overwhelmed him, and he wondered if she felt the heat between them growing, almost taking on a life of its own. How fast his feelings for her had turned around. Just a few hours ago, he’d been furious to see her, and now he wanted nothing more than to touch her and get to know her better.
“I-I think I better go check up on some things,” Brody whispered, afraid of what he may do if he stayed any longer.
Rayna licked her lips, and Brody fought a groan. Good God, how he wanted to taste that tongue.
Without thinking, he brushed his knuckle down the side of her face, and traced his thumb over her bottom lip. Her breath hitched, and he longed to know if her heart beat as fast as his.
Stuffing his hands in the front pocket of his shorts so he wouldn’t touch her again, he turned and decided he would lock himself in the Bridge until this damn trip was over.
“Only a couple more minutes out here, Rayna. We need everyone inside after dark,” he called over his shoulder.
No matter what he said about trusting her, the last thing he needed to do was get involved with a CIA agent.

Chapter 25
Rayna sat at the long, teak table on the back of the boat watching the sun come up as she sipped her coffee, trying not to think of the way Brody’s touch the previous night affected her. Her cheek still burned when she recalled it.
The seagulls and pelicans began circling above looking for their first meal of the day. Little splashes of water about a hundred yards away caught her eye, and the birds began dive-bombing the spot.
Katie came out of the Main Salon and refilled her coffee cup.
“Katie, what’s going on over there?” Rayna asked, pointing to the small splashes.
“There’s larger fish feeding below, sending all the smaller fish toward the surface. They’re jumping around, which catches the attention of the birds.”
“The little guys don’t have a chance, do they?” Rayna murmured as she watched the pelicans dive for the water from above, tucking their wings to their sides, their feet stretched out behind them. They reminded Rayna of missiles.
“No, they don’t, but that’s Nature’s way. Can I get you anything else, Rayna?”
“No, thank you.”
The bloodbath ended after a few moments, and all was quiet again. Rayna looked around at the beauty surrounding her, the dark water turning a light, aqua blue as the sun climbed higher in the sky. It was hard to believe she was here to help protect her sister, as she couldn’t imagine anything bad happening in such a magnificent place. Dark clouds began to form over the island, and Rayna wondered if they were in for a bit of rain today.
She heard splashes at the very back of the boat by the motor, and hoped the dolphins were back. Standing, she glanced over at the railing surprised to see Brody climbing the ladder wearing red swim trunks.
Once on the boat, he ran his fingers through his dark hair. Muscles and tendons rippled under his skin as he turned a knob on the side of the boat and pulled out a hose. He shut his eyes as he held up the showerhead and water cascaded down his body.
Rayna tried to look away, and knew she should sit down. Actually, she should run for her room. Brody was not to be ogled as she was currently doing. His sole function was to keep Margarita safe, not be Rayna’s eye candy.
However, she couldn’t seem to move, her body warming as Brody finished the quick shower and then grabbed a towel. He patted his wide chest, flat stomach, and long, muscular legs. Running the towel over his hair, he glanced up at her.
Busted.
 “Good morning,” he said, smiling.
“Good morning,” Rayna answered, embarrassment heating her cheeks.
“Did you sleep okay?” he asked, climbing the stairs to the table.
Rayna sat down and took a sip of her coffee, trying not to let Brody ruffle her, and she hoped he had no idea just how much his presence affected her.
“I did, thank you.”
“You’re an early riser,” he commented, wiping the towel over his torso one more time.
“I could say the same about you,” she said, trying not to stare.
“I am. I love a swim in the morning. Helps clear my head and gets the kinks in my body moving again.”
Glancing over at him again, she didn’t see anything that resembled a kink, only hard planes of muscle and smooth skin.
“Did you see the dolphins this morning?” he asked.
“No, I didn’t. They were here again?”
Brody nodded. “Yeah, just for a little while. They headed in closer to shore. Easy pickings for breakfast over there.”
Katie opened the back door. “Good morning, Brody. Would you care for some coffee?”
“Hey, Katie. I can get it, but thanks.”
“I’ve got it Brody, no worries!” Katie smiled.
As Katie shut the door, Rayna said, “She sure is sweet.”
“Yeah, she is. She’s an important member of the crew.”
“I haven’t had much interaction with Heidi,” Rayna said. Once again, she’d tried to talk to Heidi this morning, and she was met with a glare and a short answer. Heidi then walked away.
“Yeah, she’s not really good with the guests,” Brody said. “She can be a little nasty sometimes.”
“Why do you have her on the boat?” Rayna asked.
“Because she’s good at what she does, as long as she doesn’t have to talk to anyone.”
Silence stretched while they waited for Katie. She appeared a moment later with a large mug. “Here you go!”
“Thanks, Katie,” Brody said with a smile as he took the mug. “I appreciate it. Have you seen Jason yet today?”
Katie shook her head. “He’s supposed to start at eight, so I’m sure he’ll be sleeping until seven fifty nine or so.”
Brody chuckled. “You’re probably right. He’s definitely not a morning guy.”
“Let me know if you need anything, Rayna,” Katie said as she headed back inside.
Rayna sipped her coffee and slipped on her sunglasses, the water sparkling as the sun ascended fully in the sky. 
“What time will your sister get up?” he asked.
Shrugging, Rayna said, “She’s not a morning person either—maybe ten or eleven. She likes to stay up late and sleep in.”
“Okay, I’ll let Danny know so he can plan the meals for the day. I’m going to go change and tend to some things on the boat, but why don’t you think about what you two want to do today.”
“What do you mean?” Rayna asked.
“I mean … do you two want to jet ski? Snorkel? Anything like that?”
Rayna smiled. “That sounds like more of a vacation than a protection job.”
“Well, if you don’t do something, you’ll go stir crazy. There’s only so long you can stare at the islands and water. Besides, Jason or I will accompany both your sister and you with whatever you decide to do.”
Rayna thought about it a moment, and if Jason or Brody were with her and Margarita all the time, she couldn’t see a problem with enjoying some of the fun activities the boat offered. “Will you be armed?” she asked.
“Of course. Although, I highly doubt anything will happen.”
“I doubt it, too. I mean, I would think it would be nearly impossible for someone to find us, but I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
“Agreed,” Brody said. “I’ll see you in a little bit.”

Margarita emerged from her room around eleven, just as Rayna predicted. After three cups of coffee and turning down breakfast, she was back in self-absorbed boss woman mode, and Brody once again wondered how she and Rayna could be related.
“I think I would like to try the jet ski before we have lunch,” Margarita announced.
“That’s fine, but either Jason or I will be going with you,” Brody said.
Margarita said, “I’ll have Jason accompany me.”
“Okay, I’ll let him know. When are you thinking of going?”
“Where is he?” she asked
“In the engine room,” Brody answered. “He’s doing some work down there for me.”
“Then I’d like to go now,” Margarita announced with a large smile, looking almost devilish as she batted her eyelashes.
Brody grinned, determined not to let her see how much she aggravated him. He got the distinct feeling she was trying to make his life difficult by requesting Jason’s appearance when he had just specifically said Jason was busy doing something for him. He’d be damned before he gave her that satisfaction. “He’ll be up in a few,” Brody said, “after he’s done with the work down there.”
“Excellent,” Margarita said, standing. “I’ll go put on my suit. Ray-Ray, will you be jet skiing as well?”
Rayna glanced over at him. If Jason went with Margarita that meant Brody would be getting up close and personal on the jet ski with Rayna. He both liked and hated the idea, and wished he hadn’t mentioned it to her earlier. He wanted her body close, to feel her skin against his. However, he didn’t want to get involved with her, and he reminded himself she hadn’t really given any indication she had any interest in him.
However, he could just let her go alone—give her a gun and send her out to race around the bay. Being a CIA agent she could surely take care of herself. Although Margarita was the client and Rayna probably didn’t need protection, he still felt the need to treat her as he would a client.
“Yes, I’d like to try the jet skis. I’ve never been on one before,” Rayna said.
Brody grinned. “Great. I’ll ride with you then. I’ll radio Jason to come up when he’s finished, we’ll get the jet skis in the water, and I’ll get changed.”
“How fun!” Margarita exclaimed.
“I can go by myself, Brody. You don’t need—”
“No, I insist,” he said, turning to put on his suit.

Chapter 26
“Come on,” Brody said, smiling, as he sat on the jet ski, his hand stretched outward.
Rayna took his hand and stepped onto the jet ski, settling herself behind him, her chest touching his back. She was thankful they both wore life jackets, as she didn’t know if she could take skin-on-skin contact.
“Ready?” Brody said over his shoulder.
“Yes.”
“Hold on!”
Brody gunned the ski, and they took off. Rayna grabbed on to his waist as they flew faster and faster over the water, the loud hum of the motor drowning out most sounds, except Margarita screaming as Jason took a sharp turn, causing water to splash up and fully drench her.
The wind whipped Rayna’s hair around, a light; salty spray of tropical water coated her legs and arms. Watching the scenery fly by exhilarated her as they glided over the water and bounced every now and then as they caught a wave.
Brody headed for one side of the bay. As they got closer, Rayna studied the beautiful houses nestled into the trees, and Brody slowed down.
“See that pink one over there?” he asked, the motor only a low hum now as they almost came to a stop.
“Yes.”
“I heard through the grape vine the Clintons used to rent it out for vacations while they were in the White House.”
The house was massive and very, very pink.
“It’s an odd color for a home,” Rayna commented as she relaxed her grip on Brody’s waist, noting the other homes were more natural colors such as browns and whites, and fit in better with the landscape. “It doesn’t blend in very well.”
“I know,” Brody said, speeding up a bit.
“It seems like they would want to stay in a house that didn’t look like a big target on the side of the mountain.”
Brody turned and smiled. “That’s exactly what I thought, Ms. CIA.”
She grinned. “Great minds think alike,” she said.
“You know the rest of that saying, right?” Brody asked.
“No.”
“The rest of it is, ‘small minds rarely differ.’”
“Let’s just stick with the ‘great minds’ part, shall we?” Rayna asked with a laugh.
Brody chuckled. “Yeah, I think that’s a good idea.”
Rayna returned her attention to the huge houses and wondered who owned them and if they lived there full time.
“It’s really expensive to live down here as everything needs to be flown in,” Brody said, almost reading her thoughts. Was that his supernatural power?
Suddenly, he gunned it, almost dumping Rayna off the back, and she tightened her grip around his waist.
They flew across the bay, and Brody headed for Jason’s wake. As they hit the small waves, the jet ski caught air, and Rayna held on tighter, laughing as the spray coated her face and sunglasses, and she rubbed them to see where they were heading next. 
Brody took a sharp turn, and Rayna squealed as she held on tighter to Brody’s waist, her body floating to the side as if she were about to be dumped off.
“Don’t do that, Brody!” she yelled, finally able to clear the seawater from her glasses. “That scared the hell out of me!”
Brody laughed and said, “So, Ms. Badass CIA is afraid of a little ocean spray?”
“You just almost tipped me off this thing!” she continued to yell, but laughed as well.
He came to an abrupt stop and looked over his shoulder. “Do you want to drive for a bit? Would being in control make you happy?”
Rayna tried to ignore the sexual heat she felt at his words and take them at face value, yet images of him tied up on a bed played in her mind. Damn. “Sure!” Rayna exclaimed, and she listened as Brody explained she would need to crawl over him while he steadied the machine.
All in all, his instructions sounded very intimate.
He took her hand, and she stood up, swinging her leg over so that she stood on one side, while Brody leaned to the other to balance the weight. She gripped his arm, his muscle tensing under the skin.
After moving back to where she had been sitting, he patted the seat in front of him. Rayna tried to maneuver her way around his leg in the least sexual way possible, but the jet ski wobbled, sending her off balance. Brody grabbed her hip before she hit the water, and she finally, she got seated without falling in.
Rayna laughed nervously. “I thought I was going in for sure!”
“Me too,” Brody said, his close voice sending a tremor down her spine.
“So what do I do?” Rayna asked, gripping the handles, concentrating on his next words instead of the closeness of his body.
“It’s easy,” Brody said, leaning into her and handing her a plastic cord attached to the jet ski. “First, tie this on to your jacket. It’ll stop the jet ski if we fall off.” He wrapped his big hands around hers and maneuvered her fingers with his. “To go, pull this lever. To slow down, let up on it.”
As he slowly caressed her fingers while showing her the controls, undeniable warmth gathered in her core. “That’s simple,” Rayna said while clearing her throat, anxious to pull the lever.
The jet ski bucked to life, and Brody’s hands snaked around her waist as he pressed his chest into her back. She tried to concentrate on driving, but it was difficult with Brody literally wrapped around her, and now she wished they weren’t wearing lifejackets. Good God, her emotions were all over the place with this guy.
She drove around for a while, the only noise rising above the din of the engine were Margarita’s screams and shrieks. Rayna smiled, glad her sister was having fun.
“We can go snorkeling over there later if you want,” Brody yelled, pointing to the other side of the bay. “Katie said she’s seen turtles over there, so it may be worth exploring.”
Rayna nodded, and leaned into a hard turn. Seconds later, warm water engulfed her. As the lifejacket buoyed her to the surface, she saw the jet ski floating a few feet away. She certainly hadn’t seen that coming. Glancing around, she looked for Brody.
He grabbed her around her waist from behind and pulled her close. Again, she was thankful for, yet cursed, the lifejackets. She longed to be truly next to Brody, but knew the longing had nothing but trouble written all over it. She needed to stay away from this man for so many reasons.
“You okay?” he asked, his mouth right next to her ear. She could feel his breath on her neck.
“Yes. I-I’m fine,” she stammered, pushing away from him despite her desire to do otherwise. “I guess I took the turn a little too fast.”
“Hell, yeah, you did!” Brody chuckled, swimming for the jet ski.
Rayna trailed after him. “Sorry about that,” she said.
Brody reached for the jet ski, grabbing its side and turning to her. “No worries, Rayna. It’s not a big deal—it happens. Besides, you’re cute as hell all wet.”

Chapter 27
The next morning, Brody finished his swim and went to the Bridge to fill out the logs. Margarita and Rayna hadn’t said anything about leaving Magens Bay, but Brody liked to keep moving. Perhaps tomorrow they’d check out the snorkeling at Jost Van Dyke or St. John’s. Another day in Magens Bay, and he’d be ready to go.
He checked all the instruments, satisfied that everything was running properly, then headed downstairs. Rayna and Margarita were in the Main Salon arguing about something in Spanish. As an only child, he’d never bickered with a sibling, but he always assumed people outgrew it. Apparently, he’d been wrong. He watched for a moment as they each became more heated, and then he interrupted them. “What do you two want to do today?” he asked, his voice carrying over the din. Margarita and Rayna both looked at him; Margarita crossed her arms over her chest and shrugged, reminding him of a petulant child. Rayna smiled smugly, as if she’d won the battle, and Brody wondered what they were arguing about.
 “What do you suggest?” Rayna asked.
She wore a light blue cover-up, and he could see the yellow bikini strings wrapped around her neck. She ran her fingers through her mussed hair as she waited for an answer.
“It’s up to you. The water is calm, so it may be a good idea to try some paddle boarding.”
Margarita sneered. “That looks like way too much work for me.”
Rayna rolled her eyes and said, “I’d like to try it.”
Brody nodded, and attempted to hide his smile. He had a feeling Rayna would be up for the challenge, and that meant he got to spend more time alone with her. “Okay. Since you’ve never been, I’ll load the boards into the tender, and we’ll start at the shore. It’s a lot easier to get on the board when you have your feet on the ground.”
 “Sounds good,” Rayna said, standing.
Brody turned and headed for the bow of the boat. He radioed Jason to help him get the paddleboards into the tender.
“Is Margarita going?” Jason asked.
“Nope. Just Rayna.”
“Do you want me to stay here with Margarita?” Jason asked, his voice hopeful.
Brody chuckled. “Do you want to stay here with Margarita?”
“Yeah. I think I may be in love.”
Brody didn’t bother to answer as he united the paddleboards, and he heard Jason pull the skiff to the side of the boat. As he lifted the white boards over the side to Jason, he wondered if Margarita was capable of loving anyone but herself.
Once the paddleboards were loaded, Brody made his way to the back deck where Rayna waited.
The rode the short distance to the shore in silence, and Brody jumped out of the skiff and pulled it up on the soft sand. Rayna got out, and Brody unloaded the paddleboards and set them down.
“This is so pretty,” Rayna murmured. “I can’t believe how soft this sand is. It’s almost like foam or something. I don’t feel any rocks or pebbles.”
Brody looked around the beach. White sand stretched for about a half mile, and behind that was all greenery. There were some little shops and bars made of plywood sandwiched between the trees and beach, and given it was a weekday, it wasn’t crowded. Only a few families milled about, the kids building sand castles, the moms and dads swimming or relaxing in their chairs. Gentle waves kissed the white beach. Yes, it was pretty.
Rayna took it all in, a small smile playing on her lips. Brody inhaled sharply as a light breeze blew her hair away from her face. She was stunning, even prettier than when she visited him in Corpus Christi. It was as if she were in her element here on the beaches of the Virgin Islands.
Shaking his head, trying to clear his thoughts, he asked, “You ready?”
Rayna nodded. “I’ve always wanted to try this,” she said, taking off the cover-up and throwing it in the skiff. Brody tried really hard not to stare at how little the yellow bikini covered her strong, sinewy body, but was thankful he wore mirrored sunglasses so she wouldn’t catch his glances.
He explained to Rayna how to get to a standing position on the board while he guided them out to the warm, knee-deep water. “I always found it’s easiest to start on your butt, and paddle out a little bit. Let’s start there.”
Rayna straddled the board, and Brody practically moaned out loud at the sight while getting on his own board. This paddle boarding lesson was either going to kill him, or be an exercise in serious self-control.
“Okay, now let’s paddle out a little bit, and then get on your knees.”
He smiled, thinking of Rayna on her knees in front of him. Oh, man. He really needed to take his line of thinking in a different direction.
After a couple of minutes, they were in deep enough water, and he balanced himself on his knees and stood up. “Your turn,” he said.
Rayna tucked her legs under her and moved to her knees. Laying the paddle across the board, she rolled back to the balls of her feet as the board slightly see-sawed back and forth.
“Now pick up the paddle and stand,” Brody said.
She grabbed the paddle and stood on shaky legs. Seconds later she was in the water.
“Try again,” Brody said with a smile as she heaved herself up on the board, a determined look on her face consisting of her tongue moving over her lips in a very seductive way, but he guessed she wasn’t even aware of. One thing was clear: she wasn’t going to let a paddleboard best her.
She made it to the standing position and turned her head to look at him, a look of triumph in her face. That was replaced a couple seconds later with shock as she lost her balance and went in again.
He laughed and went down to his knees so he wasn’t swimming as well.
“Damn it!” Rayna exclaimed, surfacing.
“You can do this, Rayna,” he said, not bothering to hide his smile.
She looked at him a moment, still in the water, but hanging on to the board. “I’m glad you find this all so funny,” she said with a grin.
“What can I say? It’s always funny when someone falls, Rayna.”
 “I bet you’re the type to just about die laughing when someone trips and hurts themselves,” she accused, still smiling.
Brody shrugged. “Yeah, you’re right. Guilty as charged.”
She heaved herself up on the board. “Well, I do that too, and I’d be laughing my ass off if the roles were reversed right now,” she grumbled.
A moment later, she was standing on the board, the muscles in her legs twitching as she kept herself steady. “Okay, Brody. I can’t look at you, or I’ll lose my balance, but let’s go.”
Brody got to his feet, chuckling. “C’mon, let’s go toward the north side of the island.”
“Which way is that?” she asked, not looking up from her board.
“Straight ahead, Magellan.”
She laughed as he pulled in front of her and led the way as she obviously didn’t know which way was north. A few moments later, she paddled up beside him, about five feet separating them.
“I think I’m getting the hang of this,” she said.
He glanced over, the muscles in her arms rolling beneath her skin as she paddled, but she still stared directly down at the board. Damn, she was sexy as all hell. 
“I think so,” Brody said, turning his attention back to their destination.
After a few moments of silence, she stopped paddling and said, “I can’t believe how relaxing this is.”
He propped his paddle on the board and looked around. They were far enough out so that the noises from the beach were simply a background hum. There weren’t any slapping waves against the shore; the only sounds were the squawking of the birds above and the water lapping gently at the boards. 
“It’s peaceful,” Brody agreed.
“It’s so pretty out here,” Rayna commented as she looked around. “It’s different from being on the boat, even though we’re in the same waters.”
“Yeah. I think it’s because you’re right on the water and there’s only about six inches separating you from it. You really get to see things on a different level.”
He looked down at the clear water and saw the white, sandy bottom, as well as a few yellow fish swimming by.
Glancing over at Rayna, Brody took in her profile, the column of her neck, her breasts encased in the yellow suit and her tight, tanned stomach.
“Do you like your job?” he asked, wanting to know more about her.
She shrugged. “I hate being behind a desk, and I’ve decided I hate paperwork. I’m trying to work my butt off so that I can move into field work.”
“Don’t field officers have paperwork as well?” Brody asked.
“Yes, but nothing like I do in research. It’s never-ending.”
Brody stared at her a moment as she stood on the board holding the paddle in both her hands.  She met his gaze and gave him a small smile conveying hope that just about melted his bones. He didn’t know much about the CIA, but he did know that women in the military had to work twice as hard as men to prove themselves and move up the chain of command. He hoped Rayna’s journey upward was a little easier.
 “We should get going,” he said, “it looks like the current is changing and we’re going to be paddling against it.”
Rayna nodded, and they began paddling again.
A moment later, a fin pierced the water between them, and Rayna gasped. Another fin came right behind the second one. To those who didn’t know the difference, it looked like sharks, the grey bodies beneath the surface a blur.
“Oh my God! Brody!” Rayna yelled, looking at him with terror.
“Rayna, it’s okay,” Brody said, trying to keep his voice calm as her fear quickly escalated, “it’s the dolphins.”
“Are you sure?” she asked, dropping to her knees, her hand over her heart.
“I’m positive,” Brody said, also kneeling.
One of the dolphins raised its head between their boards and trilled at them. Brody looked around, counting six in the group. They rolled in the water, chattering with each other.
Another dolphin swam up to Rayna’s board, nudging her hand with its nose, as if it wanted her to pet it.
“Hi,” Rayna said, pushing her sunglasses to her head. You certainly are friendly, aren’t you?”
She reached out and stroked its head, and the dolphin nodded in approval.
“I can’t believe this, Brody,” Rayna murmured. “What do you think is going on here? Why are they doing this?”
Brody longed to tell her about his ability, how the dolphins seemed to be with him wherever he went. It was one reason he enjoyed his early morning swims before anyone was up—the dolphins always accompanied him. However, that little piece of knowledge needed to remain hidden.
“I don’t know,” he said, so happy Rayna got to experience what he did almost every day.
As she pet one, she smiled widely. Another jumped out of the water a few feet away, while another floated on its back, chirping the entire time. Brody reached down and gently stroked the belly, wishing he understood what they were saying.
After a few minutes, Rayna gazed over at him. “It’s like they know you or something,” she murmured.
Brody shrugged. “I don’t see how that would be possible,” he said, as one of them splashed water in his face and the rest of them clicked and chattered as if it was the funniest thing they’d seen. Brody couldn’t help wondering if they understood what he just said and took offense to it.
Rayna chuckled as Brody wiped the salt water from his glasses.
“What was that for?” he asked the responsible dolphin, loving the sound of Rayna’s light and airy laugh.
The dolphins stayed for another few minutes and then left, the sun glistening off their gray backs as they swam away. 
“Amazing,” Rayna said, watching them go.
“I agree.”
They stared at each other for a beat, the happiness radiating off of Rayna, and for the second time that day, he thought again that she belonged on the ocean. She seemed relaxed, comfortable and very content.
“Ready to head back to shore?” he asked, his throat tight as desire coursed through him.
She nodded and stood. “Yeah, I am.”
Brody got to his feet as well, and they paddled in silence for a few minutes.
“Thanks for taking me out, Brody. I love paddle boarding, and that thing with the dolphins . . . wow. What an amazing experience.”
Brody nodded, wondering who enjoyed themselves more: Rayna watching the dolphins or him watching Rayna.

Chapter 28
Rayna tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep as she recounted the day’s events.
After paddle boarding, they had lunch, and then spent the rest of the afternoon up on the deck sitting in the sun. Rayna dozed briefly while Margarita read, only to be woken by a dream of Brody peppering kisses down her bare back.
Surprisingly, a day of lying around in the sun and trying not to think about Brody was exhausting.
After dinner, Rayna had barely been able to keep her eyes open, and headed to bed where she watched a little television. Despite her fatigue, she wasn’t able to sleep, and Brody seemed to be the reason. She simply couldn’t stop thinking about him, about how much he affected her.
She’d been with five men in her life. A couple of flings in college, one night stands here and there, but she’d never grown close to any of them. It had been simple sex, period. With Brody, she had the clear feeling the sex would be anything but simple, and her thoughts tantalized her while her curiosity grew.
Remembering the first time she saw him at his apartment, she’d thought of him as sexy then, even when he was a complete bastard to her. Now, they had established some level of trust, and he wasn’t being nasty to her. She recognized the way he looked at her: it was a man who saw something he wanted. Brody wanted her.
It was a bad idea on so many levels for them to get together. First, he most certainly was a wanted man by the government, and she worked for said government. If she were to sleep with him, it seemed like she would be breaking the law twice: first, she knew she wouldn’t say anything to anyone once they got off the boat. Second, the intimacy just made her omission seem so much worse. It was as though she was cavorting with the enemy, and she already felt like that when she was with her father. If the government ever found out about her father, she’d be in big trouble. If they ever found out that she knew of Brody’s whereabouts and didn’t say anything, the trouble would be tantamount. He may very well be more of a wanted man than her father.
However, the fact of the matter was that the man made her blood boil.
Throwing back the covers, she sat up, realizing she wouldn’t be sleeping anytime soon. At 2 a.m., she guessed everyone on the boat would be snoozing, so she didn’t bother pulling on a robe over her white nightshirt.
Quietly, she opened her door and tiptoed up the steps to the Main Salon. Dim lights cast shadows around the room. The opened bottle of Merlot sat on the bar, and Rayna helped herself to a glass. She ascended the stairs to the Sky Lounge, glancing over at the caramel-colored leather couches. She debated turning on the television, but then decided against it. The silence was what she needed, and she walked to the sliding glass door, the light brown carpet muffling her footsteps. The moon sat high in the sky, gleaming over the dark water, the once pristine, green hills of the island now ominous black masses.
As someone who kept to herself, she enjoyed her “alone time.” It was difficult for her to always be “on,” as she needed to be surrounded by her sister, Brody, and the crew. At times like this, when everyone was asleep and her only company was her thoughts, it felt good.
No matter how much she tried to think of other things, her mind always wandered back to Brody. He seemed in his element on the boat, and given his childhood, she could understand why. In all honesty, this was the perfect job for him.
She thought of his accident in Guatemala and wondered what he’d think if he knew he was protecting the daughter of a head of one of the biggest drug Cartels in South America, the Cartel that owned the warehouse where the explosion had changed his life.
Again she wondered if her father had participated in the accident willingly, or if the government had used something that wasn’t theirs. She longed to ask her father about it, but they never discussed his business. In the past, that was the way she wanted it. Now, she wasn’t so sure. What if her father had participated and Brody found out? What if he discovered who their father was? Certainly, he would hate both Rayna and Margarita, and she wouldn’t blame him.
Rayna sighed, happy that her father’s Cartel life had nothing to do with Margarita needing protection, and Rayna made a mental note to talk to Margarita about setting up some privacy and boundaries so that she wasn’t so accessible to her fan base. Hopefully, if Margarita made herself less available, she could avoid problems like this in the future.
She’d been looking for some signs of the so-called supernatural abilities the file on Brody claimed he had, but she hadn’t noticed anything that indicated he was anything but a normal guy.
“You’re up late, or early, depending on how you look at the clock,” a deep voice rumbled from behind her. She jumped, thankful she had almost finished all her wine and it hadn’t sloshed out of the glass.
Spinning around, she was surprised to see Brody standing in the Bridge doorway wearing nothing but a pair of white shorts, his arms crossed over his big chest, and his biceps rolled into tight knots as he leaned against the doorframe.
“You startled me,” she said, feeling exposed in her short t-shirt. She wanted to run, but something held her there as he stared at her.
Pushing himself off the doorframe, he strolled over to her. “Why aren’t you in bed?”
“Why aren’t you?” she asked.
Now he stood mere inches from her, looming over her. His breath had a slight tint of whiskey.
“I was. You woke me up.”
Confused, she continued to stare up at him. How did she wake him when he slept downstairs in the crew quarters?
“I sleep on the Bridge when we’re out at sea,” he murmured. “I heard you when you were downstairs in the Main Salon.”
She drained her glass, very much aware of how little space and clothing separated their bodies.
“Why are you up, Rayna?” he asked, his voice just above a whisper. “What’s keeping you awake? Is your bed uncomfortable?”
“No, it’s fine,” she said, finally breaking the stare and gazing out to the moonlight again. “I just have a lot on my mind.”
“Like what?”
You.
“Nothing,” she murmured. “Just . . . just my sister.”
He placed his hand on her shoulder, and she turned her head at his touch. 
“And what if I thought something different was keeping you awake?”  
“Like what?” she swallowed, her voice tight.
“Like you and me. Us. Together.”
She shut her eyes and turned her head back toward the window. Never would she admit it as she’d already been over all the reasons getting together with Brody was a bad idea.
“Maybe I’m wrong, but I’d thought I’d ask because that’s what’s been keeping me up tonight,” he said, his hand kneading her shoulder before it slipped away.
Rayna knew that if she said yes, things would go into a place anyone in their right mind would deem not advisable. However, the brief contact of his skin on hers brought out a deep, visceral ache that needed to be sated.
“You weren’t wrong,” she whispered, staring out into the night.
“Then look at me,” he growled.
She shut her eyes while gathering her nerve, reminding herself she wanted this as well. However, in her bones, she also felt this could be the biggest mistake of her life.
“Look at me, Rayna.”
She turned.

Chapter 29
When her grey eyes met his, Brody’s breath caught in his chest. Gone was the last bit of the CIA façade she carefully erected. Ms. Hot CIA Agent was gone, and in her place was Rayna Lopez, the woman. However, instead of fun and enjoyment in her eyes like he witnessed as she watched the dolphins, he saw something different: longing and desire. 
He’d taken a chance telling her about his feelings for her, and he’d been truthful as he told her about his lust keeping him up into the early morning hours. As he laid on the bench of the Bridge, he’d thought of nothing else but Rayna’s smile as she watched the dolphins, the relief in her face when he told her they had come to a mutual trust, and her sinewy body as she lay on the cushions with her sister, laughing and drinking Rum Punch. Not to mention their jet ski ride. Man, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her close made his heart thump in his chest, his yearning for her causing his body to literally ache. It took everything in his power not to kiss her after she’d dumped them into the water, both floating there surrounded by the warm water, so close together.
She’d gotten under his skin, and he needed to sate the physical demands she conjured within him.
“Why do you sleep on the Bridge?” she asked, her voice just above a whisper as she looked back out the window.
“Safety,” he said. “I can see all the instruments and watch all the cameras on the boat. I have a bird’s eye view of everything around us. I don’t like surprises.”
“It sounds as if you sleep with one eye open,” Rayna commented.
Brody shrugged. “Sometimes it feels that way.”
They stood in silence for a moment, gazing out the back window. He was aware of their closeness, of how little effort it would take to reach out and pull her to him.
He turned to her. “Look at me, Rayna,” he whispered.
She shut her eyes for a brief moment and then gazed up at him.
He took her wine glass and set it down on the bar behind him, and then he placed his hands on the sides of her face, her skin silky beneath his touch. Slowly, he lowered his mouth to hers, and he was surprised at the energy rocketing through his body.
Her soft lips were firm, yet pliable as they moved beneath his. She laid her hand on his chest, the delicate touch scorching his skin. Urging her mouth open with his tongue, she obliged, and he explored her, tasting the wine she had finished.
The soft kiss turned heated, and Rayna wrapped her arms around his neck pressing her body into his. He longed to feel her skin on his, and he found the hem of the T-shirt. Hesitantly, he touched her thigh, his fingers tracing over her ass and settling on her waist as he prayed she wouldn’t stop him.
God, he wanted this. He wanted her.
He pulled away and gazed down into her glittering eyes, his breathing coming in short spurts, his cock painfully hard.
“I want you,” he whispered.
Rayna said nothing as she studied his face, but nodded. He reached down to her butt and lifted her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and their mouths met in fiery passion again.
Brody marched to the Bridge and sat down on the bench seat, his cock pressing into her panties. She ran her fingers through his hair as their tongues dueled, and he traced the bumps of her spine, moving down to her legs. He wanted to feel every inch of her body.
Whipping the shirt over her head, he gazed at her small breasts for a moment. 
“Perfect,” he whispered and palmed them before taking one in his mouth, swirling the hardened nipple with his tongue while lightly brushing the other with his thumb.
Rayna groaned and arched her back as she fisted his hair, rocking slowly in his lap, the friction on his cock just about sending him into a frenzy.
He reached up and pulled her head down to his again as she pressed her chest into his, her hardened nipples sending little bolts of energy throughout his body.
Standing them both up, he broke the kiss and dropped to his knees. He pulled down her underwear, peppering kisses all over her stomach and the area just above her patch of black curls, inhaling her scent. He slipped one finger into her folds, finding her sex wet. Rayna grabbed his shoulders as he explored her slick, private flesh, finally sliding a finger into her tight core.
“Yes,” she whispered, her eyes closed and her short fingernails digging into his shoulders. Slowly, he slid his finger in and out as he watched her face. Her cheeks reddened as she bit her lower lip, her breath hitching as he stroked her. As her walls began to contract at his touch, he gently disengaged.
“No!” she cried as he stood and chuckled. He sucked his finger, tasting her essence, and he moaned with approval.
“Delicious,” he murmured, wanting more. He wanted to take his time with Rayna, but the urgency rushing within him made it impossible. Perhaps another time he could watch her squirm as he licked and suckled her slick folds.
Rayna reached for his shorts, her nimble fingers quickly undoing the button. The shorts fell to the floor, and she fisted his cock, leisurely moving her hand up and down, giving him exquisite torture. He shut his eyes and gritted his teeth, each stroke bringing him closer to orgasm.
“You’re killing me, Ray,” he whispered after a few moments, gazing down at her.
She stopped and wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her body into his. “We wouldn’t want that now, would we,” she murmured, smiling.
“No, we wouldn’t,” he said, picking her up. “Right now, I’ve got way too much to live for.”
 He sat down on the bench again and Rayna straddled him, sliding down his length, her hot, slick core enveloping him.
As she rocked in his lap, their bodies found the perfect rhythm. Brody grasped her hips as she threaded her fingers through his hair, their tongues dueling passionately. Brody ground his hips into her, wanting to go deeper, to feel more of her, to lose himself within her. A short while later, Rayna threw her head back and cried out, while her walls pulsated around him. The tremors through her body sent him over the edge, and he gritted his teeth as his orgasm slammed into Rayna.
As she slumped against him and rested her head on his shoulder, Brody felt an inner peace that hadn’t been there before; he was totally content. He wrapped his arms around her, both of their bodies damp with sweat. As their breathing evened out and Brody once again became aware of his surroundings, he realized the normal light sway of the boat had disappeared. He glanced out the window, the dark waters looking like a sheet of glass, the dolphins lazily swimming just off the bow.

Chapter 30
Rayna disengaged from Brody and sat down on the bench next to him as he pulled a blanket over them. She curled up under his arm.  
She’d been right: sex with Brody was like nothing she’d ever experienced. He brought out something primal in her, all of her inhibitions and insecurities about not being all that practiced disappeared.
“Are you okay?” he whispered.
She nodded and glanced up at him, the glow from the instrument panel casting shadows on his sharp features.
He kissed the tip of her nose and pulled her closer.
As they sat in silence staring out the window, reality set in, and a bad feeling curled in her stomach. She barely knew Brody, and she’d had unprotected sex with him. Shutting her eyes, she silently cursed herself. She wasn’t worried about pregnancy—she had that one covered, but who knew how many women he’d been with and with all the diseases floating around out there. . . she’d let herself get carried away in the heat of the moment, her lust for Brody overriding common sense.
“Brody?” she said.
“Yeah.”
“I . . . I was thinking that . . . well, I was wondering . . .”
“What’s on your mind, Ray? Just say it.”
She smiled as she sat up, heat burning her cheeks as she looked at him. She loved that he called her Ray. Margarita drove her nuts by calling her Ray-Ray, her mother and father always stuck to Rayna. “Okay, well, I’m worried you’ve given me some disease.”
He cracked a grin, and pushed her hair out of her face. Laying his hand on the back of her neck, he pulled her to him, kissing her long and slow. 
“Nope,” he whispered a moment later. “I’m sparkling clean.”
“Me, too,” she said, relief flooding through her as desire bloomed in her belly.
“What about pregnancy?” he asked.
“It’s taken care of,” she answered.
“Stay with me the rest of the night,” Brody murmured, pulling her down next to him on the bench. She nestled into his chest and wrapped an arm around his waist. The hard bench was uncomfortable, especially compared to her lush bed downstairs. However, she realized she was happy exactly where she was. As she looked over the control panel, she was surprised at all the screens.
“What’s that?” she asked, pointing to a screen with red lines running across it, as if a child had scribbled on it.
Brody turned to see what she was looking at. “That shows our anchor movement and the swing of the boat,” he explained in a sleepy voice. “We can’t anchor the front and back of the boat because the strain would be too hard on the hull. Instead, we anchor the front, and we let it swing with the currents.”
She nodded and looked over the security camera screen, showing the Main Salon, the Sky Lounge, the top deck where the hot tub was, the bow and back of the boat, and the small downstairs hallway. 
“I told you,” Brody said, following her gaze “no cameras in the bedrooms. I’m not the voyeuristic type.”
Rayna smiled. “That could get really weird with your guests if you could watch them in their bedrooms,” she noted.
“I know. There are some clients that I’d rather not see in their room.”
“I bet.”
“You aren’t one of them.”
Rayna laughed. “Yeah, there probably aren’t any surprises after this.”
He ran his finger down the side of her cheek, to her neck and down to her nipple where he made a lazy circle around it sending ripples of pleasure throughout her body.
“Oh, I think you’re full of secrets and surprises, Rayna. I just need to dig a little deeper to uncover them.”
As he kissed her again, Rayna was surprised at the truth in his words. Yes, she did have secrets, but he did as well, and she wondered if either of theirs would ever be revealed.
 “We better get some sleep,” he murmured. “It’ll be dawn in just a few hours.”
Rayna nodded, exhaustion pulling at her. She didn’t think she had the energy to get up even if she wanted to.
“What if someone comes in?” she mumbled.
“Then they’ll see our naked bodies tangled together in post-coital bliss,” Brody chuckled. “No big deal.”
“I wouldn’t be comfortable with that,” Rayna said, still unable to move.
As she drifted off to sleep, she decided she would simply enjoy her time with Brody. After her sister’s stalker had been caught, she’d go back to her life, and in time, Brody would simply become a distant memory.

Chapter 31
“Wake up, Brody.”
Brody came to consciousness slowly, rolled over to his back, unsure of where he was at or what day it was as he’d been sleeping so deeply. As he opened his eyes, Jason stood above him and the previous night’s happenings flooded back. He glanced around the Bridge and Rayna was nowhere to be found. Stretching, he smiled as he recalled Rayna riding him, and he didn’t think he’d ever had such a peaceful sleep. There weren’t any nightmares to wake him, only blissful rest.
“What time is it?” Brody asked.
“Almost nine,” Jason replied. “Heidi was worried about you and came up to see where you were as you’re usually up at the crack of dawn. She sent me up to wake you as she didn’t want to deal with your bare ass.”
Brody glanced down. The blanket had fallen partially off of him, and if he had been on his side, Heidi would have gotten an eyeful of bare butt.
“She’s such a prude,” Brody mumbled, sitting up.
“So, why are you asleep on the Bridge naked?” Jason asked, turning around as Brody stood to stretch. “Get some clothes on, man. I don’t need to see your junk.”
Reaching down to pick up his shorts, he noticed Rayna’s underwear tucked under the corner of the blanket. He glanced up at Jason to make sure he was still facing away, and then grabbed her panties and shoved them under the blanket on the bench.
“Just felt like getting closer to nature, that’s all,” Brody said, sliding on his shorts and stuffing the underwear in his pocket.
“You sure you weren’t getting close to . . . oh, I don’t know, say . . . Rayna?”
While Brody could see Margarita not caring who knew who she slept with, Rayna had indicated she would like to keep her private life just that: private. He wasn’t about to kiss and tell.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about, man,” Brody said, zipping his fly. He ran his fingers through his hair wishing he had a cup of coffee.
“Really? Because it seemed you were liking wrapping yourself around her on the jet ski the other day, and you were sure out there a long time on paddleboard. I’ve also noticed the way you look at her—like a wolf with a sweet little bunny in its sights, waiting to gobble it up.”
“I didn’t hear any complaints while you and Margarita were cruising around on the jet ski, either,” Brody said, ignoring what Jason said about the so-called looks and paddle boarding.
Jason turned to him and smiled. “There were no complaints. It may have well been the best hour of my life.”
“Hmmm . . . if that was the best hour of your life, my guess is that there wasn’t a whole lot going on in Margarita’s room last night,” Brody commented.
“Whatever,” Jason mumbled, his smile quickly turning to a scowl.
Brody decided it was a good time to change the subject. “What’s on the agenda for today? Has anyone checked in with our clients?”
“Yeah. Katie told them about the amazing snorkeling off of Jost Van Dyke. Margarita said she wanted to go there, and Rayna agreed.”
Brody smiled. He loved snorkeling at Jost Van Dyke. The underwater wildlife was always abundant, and there were also caves to explore. They didn’t go very deep into the island, but there were always different fish he normally didn’t see lurking in the shadows.  As far as he was concerned, there wasn’t a better place for snorkeling in the area, except maybe St. John’s. It was definitely a toss up for him.
“Sounds good,” he said, stepping up to the control panel and gazing over all the screens. On the security screen, he saw Rayna sitting in the hot tub, her head tilted up toward the sun. As the bubbles lightly kissed her breasts, he became aroused remembering his own caresses to her perfect globes. “Do you think we can be ready to go in an hour or so?”
Jason nodded. “Sure. I’ll head down to the engine room and get things ready to sail.”
“Thanks, Jason. Make sure you tell Heidi, Katie and Danny when we’re taking off so they can plan for lunch and the afternoon.”
“Got it.”
Brody turned his gaze back to the security screen. Rayna was gorgeous, but peeking in on her while no one was around brought out a whole new aspect to her beauty. Based on her smile, he could see she resided in a place of total contentment, and he wondered if their time together had anything to do with that. He wished he could ascend the fifteen steps separating them, join her in the warm water and wrap his arms around her, their slick bodies melding together as one while their tongues slowly danced.
Suddenly, as if she knew she was being watched, she looked up at the camera. Brody reminded himself that she couldn’t see him, yet his heart thudded in his chest as if he’d just been caught doing something wrong.
She stared at the camera for a few minutes and smiled. Standing, she exited the hot tub wearing the same yellow suit from the day before, water sluicing down her frame. She wrapped a brown towel around her body, glanced up at the camera again and waved. She then turned for the stairs.
Brody followed her on the cameras down to her cabin. There, she looked up at the camera again. The small hallway was empty, and she reached behind her and slowly pulled the bikini strings until the small bit of fabric hung in her fingers, her breasts on full display. She grinned and shut the door.
“Oh, Ray,” he murmured, “you little tease.”
He couldn’t wait for his next opportunity to palm those lovely breasts and hear her sighs of pleasure, and as he looked over his cruising path, he knew exactly where and when that would be.

Chapter 32
“Good morning,” Brody said, coming out to the back deck.
“Hi,” Rayna replied as she sat at the table, smiling, feeling like a schoolgirl about to be asked to the prom. She was giddy, happy, shy and content after her time with Brody the night before.
Brody glanced around and said, “You sleep okay?”
Rayna nodded. “And you? Seeing how late you got up, I assume you slept well.”
“Yeah, I did,” he said with a grin. “Very well, in fact. But you had nothing to do with that.”
Rayna laughed and ran a hand through her hair. “You keep telling yourself that.”
Jason stepped out of the Main Salon. “We’re ready to go, Brody,” he said.
“Thanks, Jason,” Brody said, his gaze never leaving Rayna. “Let’s get moving.”
Brody winked at her, and took the stairs to the upper deck two at a time heading for the Bridge.
The ride to Jost Van Dyke took about an hour. As they traveled through the islands, Rayna stayed on the back deck while Margarita claimed seasickness. The warm, ocean air whipped through Rayna’s hair as they traveled over the somewhat rough sea, and as she looked out over the beautiful green foliage of the islands and the pristine, blue water, she saw the dolphins traveling about three hundred yards off the boat.
As she watched them, she couldn’t help but think that they were traveling with the yacht, but quickly dismissed the idea as silly and the incident as coincidence. They probably hung around because one of the crewmembers fed them. However, based on her interaction with them on the paddleboard, she couldn’t help but wonder. Maybe Brody’s supernatural power from the accident had something to do with the dolphins? Maybe she should start calling him the Dolphin Whisperer and see his reaction. She laughed, thinking how ridiculous she sounded.
A short time later, the boat was anchored and Heidi and Katie scurried around to put the plants and other breakables back where they belonged. Margarita emerged from her room, her neon blue bikini showing off her tan. It looked a couple sizes too small as the triangles were far too small and covered very little of her breasts.
“Ugh! I hate traveling by boat!” she exclaimed, settling down in the chair next to Rayna. “It makes me sick!”
“Well, if you’d taken the sea sickness pills they offered at the beginning of the trip, you wouldn’t feel that way.”
“I can’t take them, Ray-Ray. What if they interfere with my diet pills?”
Rayna hid a smile. There was no diet pill in the world that would combat the chocolate truffle cake served last night. However annoying Margarita was, Rayna always found her at least mildly amusing.
“Jason said you ladies would like to do some snorkeling,” Brody said, coming down the stairs. A green t-shirt with the boat’s name, By Sea, stretched across his chest, his tan shorts sculpted to his thick legs.
“Yes, we do, Brody,” Margarita said. “And I’d like Jason to accompany me as you stated both Ray-Ray and I need to be babysat at all times.”
Brody smiled like a Cheshire cat at Rayna, and her gut clenched. More time alone with Brody? Yes, she was up for that, even if it was a bad idea.
“I’ll see if he’s available,” Brody chuckled as he turned for the door. “What about you, Rayna? Will you be snorkeling?”
“Yes,” she answered, standing to follow him in. “I just need to change into my suit.”
Once they were inside, Brody closed the door. “Just be careful who you’re showing the goods to,” he muttered. “I saw your little strip show, but that could have easily been Jason or one of the other crew. I don’t have a problem with everyone knowing I’m getting naked with you, but you seem like a very private person.”
“I am,” Rayna murmured, “and I appreciate you understanding that.”
“Go get your suit on, Ray,” he said, squeezing your hand. “It’s going to be an amazing day.”

Chapter 33
She was sure she was becoming a nymphomaniac, because as she tried to concentrate on all the beautiful fish swimming around her, she shouldn’t have been stealing glances at Brody, only a few feet away. Salacious thoughts ran through her mind, and she pushed them away.
Taking a deep breath through her snorkel, she looked back at the fish. Reds, yellows, and blues . . . it seemed every color of the rainbow was represented on swarm of beauty before her. About ten feet away, Margarita let go of another handful of cat food, and the fish teemed around her as they fed. Rayna found it mildly amusing that the fish seemed to adore the cat food, and cats loved fish.
She glanced over at Brody again, and he motioned her to follow him. She caught up with him, and they swam together, the sun warming her back. When they were out of range from Margarita and Jason, Brody laced his fingers with hers. 
Rayna looked up and saw they were headed for the caves. Katie had said the fish inhabiting them were different, and Rayna looked forward to the exploration.
As they entered the cave, the light waned, but Rayna caught movement out of the corner of her eye. She turned to see a long, thin, dark, four-foot long fish emerge from the darkness. She gasped and grabbed Brody’s arm as the fish swam out of the cave.
Rayna lifted her head, and Brody did the same.
“That was a barracuda,” he said after removing his mouthpiece.
“That thing was huge!” Rayna exclaimed, her heart still pounding with fear.
Brody chuckled and pulled her close to him, removing his mask, and then hers. “Is Ms. Hot CIA afraid of a little fish?”
Rayna laced her arms around his neck, thankful the ocean gave them such buoyancy. “Yes,” she murmured, as he peppered her neck with slow kisses. 
“Don’t worry about him,” Brody whispered, his voice barely audible over the waves lapping at the rocks in the cave. “Barracudas don’t like humans. He has no desire to nibble on your toes. Now on the other hand, I’m a different story. I want to lick, suck, and nibble every inch of you. If there’s anything you should worry about, it’s me.”
Rayna laughed despite the bolts of heat coursing through her. Her heart still pounded, but she knew it was from Brody’s touch, not fear.  His lips met hers in slow exploration.
“So I should actually be worried about my Captain who has promised to protect me?” she teased.
“Oh, yes, Rayna,” he whispered in her ear. “You should be very worried about what I plan to do with you.”
Brody palmed her butt and pulled her into his thick, hard shaft. She wrapped her legs around his waist, thankful they weren’t wearing fins. He ran his hands up her back and back down to the top her thighs as he claimed her mouth with his, the slow, languid kisses turning into a passionate dueling of tongues. He moved his hands to her ribcage and up to her breasts. A moan escaped her throat as he gently rubbed her hardened nipples through the thin fabric of her suit, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. She wasn’t worried about what he would do with her in this darkened cave. Instead, anticipation and heat flooded her as she pressed her chest into his, wrapping herself around him tighter.
Brody lit up something within her she’d never experienced before and she couldn’t put a name to that feeling. However, she did know when she was around him she felt different, as if a spark had been lit within her. She wanted more of him both emotionally and physically. She wanted to know him and understand his secrets. However, she had to remind herself there wouldn’t be a future between them. He couldn’t go back to the mainland and live a normal life, and she couldn’t stay here. She needed to return to her own reality. The Caribbean offered a gorgeous break from her real life, but eventually, this magical experience would have to end.
As they kissed, Brody slipped his fingers into her bikini bottom, gently caressing her folds and then finding her swollen nub, teasing her with slow circles. As his soft fingers worked her tender flesh, the passion within her rose to a place where her need for Brody overshadowed everything. She didn’t care she was in a cave, that there could be other fish who did want to nibble on her lurking around, or that Jason and Margarita were only about fifty feet away. All that mattered was being with Brody and reaching that place of sheer ecstasy together.
“You have to stop,” she whispered as she opened her eyes and a brief jolt of reality surged through her.
He looked at her, his hooded, dark eyes smoldering. “Do you really want me to stop, Rayna?” he asked with grin and another soft stroke of her private flesh. “Are you sure that’s what you want? Because right now, you’re so wet and slick, I can’t imagine you really wanting me to stop.” He punctuated his words with a torturous slow circle around her swollen clit, and dipped his finger into her core.
Rayna gasped, and her body trembled, begging for release. Jason and Margarita could find them at any moment, but as Brody caressed her again and her whole body shuddered, it didn’t matter. “No,” she breathed. “No, don’t stop.”
“I didn’t think you wanted that,” he said, determination in his voice as he led her deeper into the darkness.
He trapped her between his body and a rock, and held on to a shelf on the rock above her. “Take off your bottoms,” he ordered, breathing heavily.
Quickly, she slipped out one leg out of the yellow fabric, her body quaking.
“Hold on to my neck,” Brody whispered.
Lacing her hands behind his neck, Brody spread her legs open with his own, and she felt his long, thick cock at her entrance. He pushed his hips forward, and she panted as he filled her. He pressed her into the cool, smooth rock as he grasped it above her, anchoring them in place. As they moved together, Rayna gripped his shoulders and tightened her legs around him, her orgasm quickly building to an almost painful peak. The water around them slapped against the rocks, their breathing echoing against the walls of the cave.
“Good God, Rayna, you feel amazing. Absolutely fucking fantastic. I can’t get enough of you,” Brody whispered as he suckled her earlobe.
Rayna shattered from within, pulses of pleasure rippling throughout her body as she dug her fingernails into Brody’s flesh and bit her lip to keep from crying out.
“Oh, sweet Jesus,” Brody whispered. With one hand he grabbed her lower back, with the other he held on to the rock as he buried himself deeper within her, his hips bucking as he strived for climax. Rayna locked her feet at his back, and looked at him. Wet tendrils of hair stuck to his forehead and neck, and he closed his eyes as he gripped her tighter, each thrust sending another wave of pleasure through her. As he grit his teeth, she placed her hands on his cheeks and slammed her mouth over his. He kissed her deeply, and then a low moan emanated from his throat as he reached completion.
He didn’t relax his grip on her as they caught their breath, their bodies remaining joined for a few minutes while the cold stone pressed against Rayna’s back, sending a shiver down her spine.
Brody pulled out and reached down, fixing her bathing suit so she could slip her leg into the opening. He then let go of the rock and pulled up his own trunks.
“Come here,” he whispered, pulling her to him again.
He kissed her slowly, and Rayna could see a lot of different emotions in his face: confusion being the most prominent.
“I think I could really like you a lot, Ms. Hot CIA agent,” he murmured. 
Rayna smiled, despite the sadness she felt. They could never be together. “Hmmm, is it the boobs?” she asked, trying to lighten the mood and not let her melancholy show.
He grinned, but then his face turned serious as he ran his finger over her cheek. “Well, they are incredible tits, but I also like the whole package, Rayna. This could be—“
“Ray-Ray! Where are you? Where did you go? Are you in that cave?” Margarita yelled from outside. “I’m not coming in there to look for you, so you need to come out!”
Brody rolled his eyes. “That damn sister of yours,” he whispered, shaking his head and smiling. “We better go.”
He handed her a mask, and Rayna slipped it on. She followed Brody toward the mouth of the cave, wondering what he was going to say before they were interrupted, but not sure she actually wanted to hear it.

Chapter 34
The afternoon passed in relative quiet, and Brody was insanely envious when Rayna announced she was going to lie down for a nap. How he longed to do some serious snuggling and cuddling with Ms. Hot CIA.
However, that was not meant to be.
There were things to be done, sailing conditions to be checked, and a few maintenance issues. By the time Rayna and Margarita finished dinner, he was exhausted.
Margarita and Rayna sat in the salon for a couple of hours and watched TV, while Brody tried to keep busy. Rayna stretched out on one of the couches and sipped wine. He felt as if he would collapse from fatigue, but at the same time longed to get next to Rayna, naked.
After their interlude in the cave, Rayna became distant, always making sure she was around Margarita or another crewmember. Brody knew his feelings for her were wrong, but the problem was that they felt so right. Somehow, in a short period of time she’d gone from the enemy to someone he wanted close to him. He loved being with her and wanted to get to know her on an intimate, deep level. For instance, he knew very little about her family, only that she had grown up in Virginia in a single parent household. What happened to her father?
He also realized that if he were to reveal the details of her life, he would have to reveal his own, and he still didn’t know if he was comfortable with that. What would anyone, who wasn’t a ten year old, say to someone who could control the sea and had a deep connection with it and it’s inhabitants, specifically, the dolphins?
He didn’t know, and frankly, he wasn’t sure he wanted to find out. It was possible he could enjoy his time with Rayna, and then let her go. Although the thought left a bad clench in his gut, it was preferable to the other option—her shunning him because of his ability. 
As he sat in the Bridge late that night logging the day’s activities, he heard soft footsteps on the stairs. Turning, he hoped it was Rayna, and smiled when she appeared at the door.
“Hi,” she said with a hesitant grin.
“Hey.”
She moved into the space and stood next to him, and he swiveled his chair to face her.
“Everything okay up here, Captain?” she asked gazing over the screens.
“Everything here is fine,” he murmured, taking her hand. “What about you? Is everything good?”
She nodded and turned to him. “I’m tired,” she said, leaning into him. 
He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her close. “Well, maybe you should go to bed.”
“I think I will, but I wanted to say goodnight.”
He ran his fingers through her soft hair, a little disappointed she didn’t say she wanted to make mad, passionate love to him. Even as tired as he was, sleep seemed overrated when Rayna was around.
“You can crash here with me,” he ventured. Yes, he was exhausted, but he was still a man who wanted more of this woman.
“It’s tempting,” she said after a moment, “but I think I better stay in my own bed tonight.”
He’d expected that answer based on her distance after their cave interlude, but it still hurt. “Okay,” he whispered, letting her go. “Have a great sleep.”
She turned to go and stopped in the doorway. “Thanks for everything today,” she said, her grey eyes glittering in the control panel lights.
“It was an amazing day,” he said, grinning.
“You said it would be, and it was.”
“I’m glad you agree,” he murmured.
“Oh, I almost forgot. Margarita said she may sleep downstairs tonight. Something about one of the sleep shades being broken in her room and an annoying sliver of light waking her too early.”
Brody shook his head. “Your sister is something else, Rayna.”
She nodded. “I know she is—always has been and most likely will continue to be.”
Brody chuckled, and Rayna gave him a serious look like she wanted to say something else, but then just smiled. “Goodnight Brody.”
“Goodnight.”
Brody stared at the empty doorway for a moment, and then looked at the clock. It was just after eleven, and he glanced at all the cameras. Margarita was in Rayna’s doorway, and the two sisters hugged. Margarita then opened the door to the other stateroom and slipped in. There wasn’t any movement on the other cameras, so it seemed everyone had turned in.
He stretched out on the bench, pulled the blanket over him and inhaled Rayna’s light scent. He really wished she had stayed with him, but as sleep pulled him over, he knew his body would appreciate the rest.

Chapter 35
The distant hum grew louder, but not loud enough to pull Brody to consciousness. However, the tap-tap-tap noise had him on his feet in seconds. The sound of bullets hitting the side of the boat had that effect.
He listened for a moment and realized the hum he had heard was a jet ski. The tap-tap-tap sounded again as the jet ski got louder. Some fucker was out there riding around shooting up his boat.
He lifted up the bench and grabbed two handguns, hoping no one was hurt. He doubted it because the hull was reinforced, but he still needed to check the cameras.
Glacial calm came over him as he glanced over at the cameras and saw the rest of the crew spilling out of their quarters. Jason wore a pair of boxers, while Heidi and Katie donned thigh-length nightshirts. Danny slipped on a shirt. All carried handguns.
Rayna’s door flew open and Heidi handed her a gun, then pushed her toward Margarita’s room. There was a brief argument, but Rayna finally relented and slipped through the door to babysit Margarita.
Brody turned and bounded down the stairs, meeting his crew in the Main Salon. “Let’s keep the lights off,” Brody ordered.
“We’re under attack,” Jason whispered, staring out the port side windows into the night. The guy was usually easygoing, but Brody was relieved to see he looked very serious and dangerous, even just standing around in his boxers.
“No shit, Jason,” Heidi muttered, her back against Jason’s, her gaze and gun to the starboard side.
The jet skier came by again, shooting at the Salon windows. Even though the windows were bullet proof, Brody and the crew all hit the ground on instinct. Sweat trickled down Brody’s brow and his heart thudded in his chest. He continued to remain calm, and was happy to see the bulletproof glass held and did its job. Standing, he glanced outside. Clouds hid the moon, making the water around the boat completely black. They couldn’t see the perpetrator out in the dark night, and turning the lights on only made them a bigger, better target as the shooter would be able to see motion inside the boat. They were best to gauge where he was solely by sound, and the low hum indicated that he wasn’t near the boat.
“I’m going out the back deck in case he decides to come back,” Brody said. “Katie, you’re with me.”
She gave him a nod. He’d never had a problem with women in uniform. During his service, he found most of them more than competent and often on their game more than the men as they felt they had more to prove.
Katie and he bent down and slipped out the back, Katie taking the starboard side while he took the port. Both crouched as they listened for the bastard to come closer.
The thick, humid night air clung to Brody’s skin mingling with his own sweat, and he realized he must have slept as a storm came through. He stared out into the inky blackness and clicked off the safety of his gun, taking a deep breath to calm his pounding heart.
The hum of the jet ski’s engine got closer, and Brody realized the perpetrator was coming up his side of the boat. Brody stood slowly as he approached and could make out the outline of the shooter whizzing by on the jet ski. Brody got off two shots, and the jet ski turned sharply. Brody fired again and the man let out a muffled scream and took off out of the bay.
Brody stood in place for a moment, wiped the sweat from his brow while making sure the assailant was truly gone and not coming around for another attempt.
“I think you hit him,” Katie said, coming up behind Brody.
Brody nodded, certain he had. Apparently it wasn’t enough to incapacitate the bastard, though. Letting out a long breath, Brody felt his anger rise at the situation. The whole attack felt very professional. The shooter had great aim and his purpose had obviously been to incapacitate the boat as he shot at the windows, hull and engine. Brody guessed his next move would have been to actually board the boat and make sure everyone was dead. The boat rocked as the ocean registered his anger.
No, this wasn’t some crazed fan out for the love of his life. This was something more, and he could only think of one thing: the attack wasn’t about Margarita; this was about him.
He remembered the way Rayna had been distant all day, and how she seemed almost sad when they said goodnight.
“That felt professional to me,” Katie murmured, mirroring his thoughts.
“I’m going downstairs to make sure our guests are okay. Have Jason do a damage check on the engine room, you, Danny and Heidi check the rest of the boat.”
As he headed inside, he took another deep breath, calming himself. Thankfully, they were all alive, but someone had some explaining to do.

Chapter 36
Rayna sat with Margarita, who chewed on her nails. The shooting had stopped, and Rayna didn’t know if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Was everyone upstairs dead, or had the shooter left?
She heard footsteps descending to their level, and stood, aiming the gun at the door. There was a loud knock and she pulled back the hammer, surprised by how calm she felt. She could handle the situation.
“It’s me,” Brody said. “Don’t shoot.”
Rayna sighed, un-cocked the gun, set it down on the dresser and went to the door.
Brody’s eyes glittered with fury, his features hard and angry.
“Everyone okay?” he asked, his tone harsh.
“Yes,” Rayna answered as Brody looked past her to Margarita, who still sat on the bed.
“I’m fine,” Margarita said, her eyes wide.
Brody nodded and said, “I need to talk to you, Rayna. Alone.”
He didn’t wait for an answer, but grabbed her hand and pulled her into her own room, slamming the door behind them.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
Brody paced the room and Rayna leaned up against the wall to balance herself against the rocking of the boat.
“That wasn’t a fucking crazy fan,” Brody hissed. “That was professional.”
Shock registered in Rayna, and she put her hand over her heart. Professional?
“So, if it wasn’t a fan, and it was someone who knew what they were doing, that leads me to believe there’s only one explanation for all of this.”
“What’s that?”
“You. You are here to turn me in, aren’t you? You were just going to let them kill everyone on the boat to get to me?”
Completely caught by surprise, Rayna couldn’t say anything as she tried to process Brody’s words, and she was certain she’d never seen such rage coming from another person. For a moment, she almost wished she still held her gun.
He took her silence as an affirmative. “That’s what I thought,” he hissed. “The big CIA agent goes undercover to get the missing military freak show guy. You are a piece of work, girl.”
“Brody—”
“The big question is … how did you give them our location? The computers are locked up, but I’m sure they teach you skills like how to pick locks right after they teach you about fucking your target.”
“No, I—“
He stepped up to her, trapping her between the wall and his big frame. Mere inches separated them. “I can’t believe you went so far as to fuck me to get my trust. You are a goddamned slut who will do anything to climb the CIA ladder, aren’t you?”
His words cut deep, and she was once again rendered speechless.
“You, Ms. Hot CIA agent, are a bitch of epic proportions, and I’m trying really hard not to put a bullet in your head.”
That cut through her mind fog, and her anger rose. Before she knew what she was doing, she slapped him across the face.
Surprised, he took a step back, his fingers grazing his cheek.
“Don’t you ever talk to me that way,” she hissed. “And if you’d let me get a word in edgewise, you’d see how flawed your assumption is.”
Brody chuckled. “Okay, Rayna, let’s hear you talk your way out of this one.”
The rocking of the boat slowed as Brody sat down on the bed. Rayna took a deep breath. “I had nothing to do with the shooting,” she said. “I’ve told you this multiple times, and I’ll tell you again: I’m here for my sister.”
Brody shook his head, stood and began to pace the small space. “Don’t believe it,” he snapped.
“It’s true, Brody!”
“Nope. All the signs were there, Rayna. You spend some time with me, get to know me a little bit, strut around in a few bikinis, show me just a little bit of yourself besides the uptight CIA agent, and then move in for the kill when I least expect it. You really are heartless.”
“Brody, that’s not what happened!” Rayna exclaimed.
He stopped in front of her. “Yeah, you probably felt a little guilty about it tonight, and that’s why you looked so sad and didn’t want to sleep with me, right? And that’s why Margarita all of a sudden decided to sleep downstairs, correct? She’d be safe down there when the bullets started to fly. Too bad you didn’t know about the reinforcements that have been done on the boat, isn’t it? If it weren’t for them, you’d be tip-toeing through bodies right now.”
Rayna shook her head, not believing the words coming from his mouth. She didn’t even know what point to argue first, or if she could even actually convince him of her innocence. She had no idea who had sent their assailant.
“Do they teach you to be that cold and manipulative in the CIA, or is that something that comes naturally to you?” he asked, sitting on the bed again.
She gazed at him, so many emotions rumbling through her: sadness, anger and fear. How could she make him see she was blameless in this?
She sat down next to him so they were shoulder to shoulder. He didn’t move to put space between them, so she considered it a good sign. “Brody, I’m here for my sister,” she said, her voice just above a whisper. “I would never do anything to hurt you, or any of the crew. You have to believe me.”
He didn’t answer, and she took a deep breath. “I was upset earlier tonight because I-I have feelings for you, and I know that we can’t be together.”
Standing he strode toward the door. “You’re amazing,” he grumbled.
“No,” she said. “Please don’t leave. Hear me out.” She wasn’t responsible for the attack, and she highly doubted Brody and the crew would stage an assault on their own boat, unless there was some type of crew politics she didn’t know about.
“I’ve got to assess the damage to the boat,” Brody snarled.
That left one person who could be responsible.
“Brody, please. From what I could hear and what you told me, I think it was a professional hit as well.” That was the point that unsettled her the most. Professional could describe a number of different organizations such as the mafia, the military, the government, and the Cartel. 
“Great. Glad we agree on that. You’re to stay in here until we get back to St. Thomas, and then I’ll let my boss decide what should be done with you.”
“Wait, Brody,” she said, standing and going to the door. She laid her hand on his arm. “Please. I swear to you it’s not me. Why would I put my sister in danger? If it’s not me, and you’re certain that none of your crew would have a reason to want everyone else dead, there’s only one other person on this boat who could be responsible.”
He stared at her a moment, confusion overriding anger. “Your sister? What’s she doing, running from the mafia? Trying to get you killed for inheritance money?”
Rayna shrugged, trying not to let him see her discomfort. “I don’t know, Brody. But I think you and I need to go find out.”

Chapter 37
Brody gazed down into Rayna’s grey eyes, his anger dissipating a little bit. He wanted to believe her, but there wasn’t any other option as to who was responsible, besides Rayna. However, she had just thrown one his way, and he owed it to his sanity to talk to Margarita.
He wanted to trust Rayna and believe that what they had shared together was real; however, he found it hard to swallow. He had been looking at the easiest answer, but maybe the answer wasn’t so apparent. Obviously, there were things that he didn’t know about Rayna, and he knew even less about Margarita.
“Fine,” he said, opening the door, “let’s go talk to her.”
They found Margarita in the Main Salon drinking wine. She rocked back and forth on the white couch looking worried.
“We need to talk to you,” Brody said, pulling a dining room chair over and sitting down, crossing his ankle over his knee. Rayna sat by Margarita on the sofa.
“Not now,” Margarita mumbled, standing.
“Yes, now,” Rayna said, grabbing her arm and pulling her back down.
Margarita sighed and rolled her eyes. “I’m exhausted, Rayna. I just want to go back to bed and forget this horrible night.”
“If you’re up for drinking wine at 3 a.m., then you can sit here and talk to us for a few minutes. All of us are tired, Margarita, so put on your big girl panties and act your age for a moment.”
If he wasn’t so angry, he would have smiled. He liked the way Rayna didn’t tiptoe around her sister, as he guessed most of the people in her life did.
Rayna began to talk to Margarita in Spanish, and Brody interrupted her. “Nope,” he said, shaking his head. “Full English. I want to know everything that’s being said.”
Rayna gazed at him a moment, hung her head and sighed. “Okay, Brody,” she murmured, turning her attention to Margarita.
“Papa said you had a crazed fan after you and that’s why we’re here, so that you would be safe while the fan was taken care of,” Rayna said.
Margarita tensed and wouldn’t meet Rayna’s gaze. “That’s correct,” she muttered.
“Crazed fans don’t follow the object of their affection half way across the globe and ride up on the boat with a machine gun trying to kill everyone, Margarita. I think there’s more to your story than you’ve told anyone, including Papa.”
“No, what I said was the truth,” Margarita said, taking a sip of wine.
“I don’t believe you,” Rayna murmured.
Margarita turned to her, sitting up straight. “You don’t believe me? Are you not my sister, the one who is supposed to love me? The one Papa sent here to protect me?”
“Don’t try to turn this into something it’s not, or take the spotlight off yourself. I am your sister and Papa did send me here to protect you, but I don’t think you’ve told the truth, Margarita.” 
Rayna took Margarita’s hand in her own. “Obviously Brody and the crew don’t want anyone firing on their boat, so them ordering the hit doesn’t make any sense. That leaves you and me. I’m here to protect you, nothing more. I know I’m not responsible for this, so that leaves you.”
“I don’t want to kill anyone!” Margarita shrieked.
“I never said you did,” Rayna said, her voice gentle as if she were talking to a child. “But maybe you know who does.”
Margarita sat very still for a moment, and then burst into tears. Rayna glanced at Brody as she put her arm around her sister.
Brody leaned forward, feeling awful for the way he’d doubted Rayna and the way he talked to her. However, curiosity ate at him. What did a spoiled narcissistic entertainer have going on to attract an assassination attempt?

Chapter 38
“I started dating this man about six months ago,” Margarita began. “He was darling, funny, and he worshipped me. He made me feel loved.”
Brody sat back in his chair. Apparently, he was going to have to listen to all the emotional bullshit before she got to the facts. After describing the whirlwind romance consisting of flowers, impromptu trips, making love on the beach, and snuggling up after her concerts with a bottle of wine, Margarita was in love.
“Why didn’t you tell me about him?” Rayna asked.
Margarita glanced over at Brody, her eyes red and puffy, and then met her sister’s gaze. “I didn’t want you to be jealous. I know you don’t have much in your life.”
Rayna flinched slightly and didn’t look at Brody.
“So what happened then?” Brody asked.
“I found out who he really was,” Margarita sobbed.
“And who would that be?” Brody asked.
“Miguel DiMarco,” Margarita whispered as she looked at Rayna.
Rayna’s face paled. “You’re kidding, right?”
Margarita shook her head and continued to cry.
“What happened then?” Rayna asked.
“I broke up with him! I couldn’t let Papa know I’d been dating him! He chased me for a week or so telling me he didn’t want to let me go.”
“Didn’t he tell you his name when you started dating him?”
“Yes, but never in a million years did I think this gorgeous, lively man would be that Miguel DiMarco!”
“Oh, Margarita,” Rayna murmured, putting her head in her hands. “What happened after you broke up with him?” 
“The last time I saw him, he said he was going to kill me because he couldn’t watch me move on with my life without him.”
“Wait a minute. Who’s Miguel DiMarco?” Brody asked. The surname scratched at his brain, but he couldn’t place why.
Rayna sighed, starting at the floor. A moment later she met his gaze. “Miguel DiMarco is the son of José DiMarco, the head of the DiMarco Cartel.”
Stunned, Brody could only stared at Rayna. His stomach twisted when she looked as if she had more to say.
“He is the rival of our father, Daniel Gomez, of the Gomez Cartel.”
Brody sat back in his chair, stunned. When the explosion that had changed his life occurred, it was the Gomez Cartel warehouse they were investigating. How was that for karma, or fate?
“Then the bad things began to happen,” Margarita sobbed, “like my kitty being murdered, my house being broken into, the roses covered in blood . . . everything started to happen after that.”
Rayna stroked her sister’s arm, but Brody could see the anger glistening in her eyes. “And you told Papa you had a crazed fan,” she said.
Margarita nodded. “I wasn’t totally lying—he was crazy. I didn’t want to get in trouble with Papa for dating him, and I didn’t want a war to start between the Cartels.”
“Do you think Miguel knew who you were?” Rayna asked.
Margarita shrugged. “I never gave him my real name until we broke up. I was trying to explain to him why we couldn’t be together.”
Questions swirled through Brody’s mind. Was this an attempted murder of a lover, or was the head of the DiMarco Cartel trying to hurt his rival, Daniel Gomez, by killing his daughter? How had Rayna gotten a job with the CIA? How had they not found out about her father?
Rayna shook her head again. “I don’t even know what to say, Margarita,” she murmured.
“I’d really just like to take my wine to my room,” Margarita announced, standing. Neither Brody nor Rayna tried to stop her.
Rayna glanced at him. “We’re in trouble,” she whispered.
Brody nodded and suddenly had a thought. “How do they know where she is?”
Sitting back on the couch, she crossed her arms over her chest, staring out into space. After a moment she said, “I don’t know. It’s not like anyone knew where she was going. She’s scared, and I can’t see her being that dumb to tell anyone before she left. She’s got the son of a Cartel leader after her, for God’s sake.”
Brody stared at Rayna as she tried to figure out how the Cartel had their location.
“So if no one knows where she is, and we’ve taken away her phone and computer, how did this happen?”
“I don’t know,” Rayna mumbled.
They sat in silence for a moment, the tension between them almost palpable. Yes, Rayna’s theory made sense, but the fact of the matter was she didn’t have any proof to back it up, which led him back to thinking Rayna herself was responsible. He wanted her to find an answer that made sense.
She stood and paced the room, a crease forming between her brows as she concentrated.
“Think, Rayna,” Brody said. “How could her location get out to the rest of the world? It’s not like she’s been trolling social media or anything. We’ve had her contained. And if your theory is right, she doesn’t want anyone to know where she is.”
Rayna stopped in her tracks. “Oh, no,” she whispered, her eyes wide as she ran her hand through her hair.
“What?”
“Brody, we need a computer. I think I may have just figured it out.”

Chapter 39
Brody pulled out Margarita’s computer and plugged it in. They huddled around it as it came to life, and Rayna went to Margarita’s Facebook fan page. They scrolled around for a moment, and then Rayna saw it.
“There it is,” she murmured, tapping the screen. “That picture was taken a few days ago at the dock.”
They stared at the picture. The fan grinned widely, while Margarita smiled sultrily. Boats floated behind them in the distance, and to the Margarita’s left, there was a small sign that read, “Welcome to St. Thomas Marina.”
“I feel so stupid!” Rayna said, putting her head in her hands. “Why didn’t I see that as a problem?”
Some CIA agent she was.
The fact of the matter was she never even considered the fan would post the picture all over social media. It was never a blip on her radar. She kept to herself and wanted nothing to do with social media, while Margarita was just the opposite. She wanted the world to know her, to love her, to know what she was doing at all times. 
Rayna glanced at the computer again and studied the picture. The fan had posted it on Margarita’s timeline, with the date and location of where the picture had been taken.
“According to this, just over thirty thousand people have seen this post,” Rayna murmured. “There are twenty thousand ‘likes,’ and just under fifteen thousand comments.”
She scrolled down, looking at the comments. Most claimed envy that the fan had met Margarita, some said how sexy Margarita looked, while others wished her a good trip.
“Well, at least we know how it happened,” Brody said. “If her ex-boyfriend saw that and sent someone down here, all they’d need to do was talk to a few people on the dock and figure out which boat she boarded. Finding a yacht in the Virgin Islands isn’t exactly rocket science.”
“I should have just called Miguel myself and saved him the trouble,” Rayna said, sitting back in her chair. “I just can’t believe this.”
Brody placed his hand on her shoulder and gave it a squeeze. “I need to call a meeting and let the rest of the crew know the new developments.”
She nodded, and shut the laptop. “I’m so sorry, Brody,” she said, not meeting his gaze.
He said nothing, but really, what did she expect him to say? That it wasn’t a big deal? That everything would be okay? They had a goddamned Cartel after them. It was a very big deal, and certainly not okay.
“I’ll go get the rest of the crew,” Brody said, leaving her in the Main Salon by herself.

 
Chapter 40
As Rayna sat at the dining room table, the sun was rising over the ocean. The darkness gave way to grey, and eventually, the grey would turn to sunny, blue skies defying any logic that it was possible there had been an attack on the boat.
Danny, Heidi, Brody, Katie, and Jason also sat around the table. Danny had prepared some coffee and brought out some scones. Rayna felt too sick to eat, and the coffee bit into her gut. However, she needed the caffeine, as she was certain it was going to be a long day.
“Where are we at with the damage?” Brody asked.
Rayna half-listened as Heidi and Katie gave their reports of the inside of the ship, and Rayna was happy to hear the damage was minimal.
“The biggest repair is going to be replacing the bullet proof windows that cracked or were scratched,” Heidi said. Rayna glanced over at her and wondered if the woman ever smiled. She’d spoken very little to Rayna on this trip, which was fine with her. The woman just seemed unhappy and nasty.
“What about the hull and engines?” Brody asked, looking at Jason.
“The hull looks good, just a couple of scratches and dents. It will need some paint, but there aren’t any holes, and it’s functional.”
Jason then went on to talk about the engines, and he might as well have been speaking Chinese for all Rayna understood.
“So we’ll be able to get under way as soon as the sun is fully up, right?” Brody asked.
Jason shook his head. “That one pump is giving us trouble again, Brody. It wasn’t damaged by a bullet, but its not working.”
“Okay. That’s your job today, Jason. I want us out of here as soon as possible. I don’t think anything will happen in broad daylight, but I’d like to get us back to St. Thomas Marina today, and get everyone off the boat.”
“Why don’t we just take the tender to shore?” Rayna asked. “Can’t someone get us from there?”
Where they were anchored at Jost Van Dyke didn’t have a beach, but rocky cliffs. Rayna figured somewhere on the island there had to be a place where they could land the small boat.
Heidi rolled her eyes. “Obviously, you haven’t looked at the tender. It’s full of holes,” she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm and “aren’t you a dumbass.”
Rayna wanted to break her teeth, but decided the last thing they needed right now was a fistfight.
 “The jet skis are inoperable as well,” Katie said. “They did suffer some damage in the attack.”
“It’s too far for us to paddleboard,” Brody noted. “Besides, if they come back, we’ll be sitting ducks out on the boards.”
“Agreed,” Jason murmured.
“Who do you think did this, Brody?” Katie asked.
Brody glanced over at Rayna. She straightened up in her chair and looked around the table. “I’m sorry,” she said, looking each crewmember in the eye. “I’m very sorry you are all involved in this.”
“What is this?” Heidi snarled.
Rayna stared at the miserable woman, and she reminded herself not to lose her cool. “To make a long story short, my sister does not have a crazy fan after her, she has a Mexican Cartel.”
The room went dead silent for a moment, and then Danny said, “You’re kidding, right?”
Rayna shook her head. “I wish I was, Danny. His name’s Miguel DiMarco.”
She gave them the brief version of her sister’s story. “I couldn’t figure out how they found her as I know she’s scared to death by what’s happened. But finally, I figured it out.”
Rayna told them about the picture being posted to Margarita’s Facebook page.
Heidi snorted. “That wasn’t very smart of you,” she murmured.
Rayna glared at the woman. “I’m aware of that, but thank you for pointing it out.”
 “Jesus,” Jason whispered, staring up at the ceiling. “Then all they would have to do is ask about the boats and yachts that dock in the marina.”
“It would take some time, but yes. That’s why we’re four days into this and just now getting a visit,” Brody said.
Guilt washed over Rayna as she looked around the table. She didn’t want these people in harms way. “Again, I’m so sorry,” she said.
“It’s okay,” Katie said, giving her a small smile. Heidi glared at her while Jason continued his search of the ceiling. Danny sipped his coffee and didn’t meet her gaze.
“Okay, people, let’s get to work. Jason, I want you on that pump. Katie and Heidi, I want every gun checked, and I want them placed strategically around this boat so there is always one within at least a few steps of where we are. I’m going upstairs to keep a birds-eye lookout. Everyone make sure you have your radios on and they are functioning. Danny, we need to eat, my man. Can you whip something up?”
“Absolutely,” Danny said standing, and turned for the galley, a gun stuck in the back of his waistband.
Rayna got up from the chair and planned to grab a shower, then more coffee. She hadn’t been assigned a specific job, but she could at least wander the boat and serve as a lookout.
“Rayna, I need you upstairs with me for a minute,” Brody ordered.
He brushed past her, obviously expecting her to follow, and she did. He bounded up the steps two at a time. As she climbed the stairs, she sighed, unsure of what he was going to say. She was responsible for bringing this horrible event on him and his crew, and she didn’t blame him for being upset.
He was already in the Bridge when she got to the top of the stairs, and she took a deep breath before entering. When she stepped in, he was leaning against the control console, his arms crossed over his chest. He didn’t look angry or worried— his face was a mask of calm concentration.
They stared at each other a moment, and then Brody stood to his full height. “Come here,” he whispered, holding out his hand to her.
She hesitated only for a moment before laying her hand in his, and he pulled her close. She rested her head on his chest, wrapped her arms around his waist and closed her eyes, feeling safe in his warm embrace.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered into her hair. “I’m so sorry for being such a jackass.”
Rayna grinned. “I think I’m the jackass here,” she murmured.
“If it makes you feel any better, I never would have thought about social media either if I’d been there when that picture was taken.”
“Really?” she asked, wondering if he was just trying to make her feel better.
“Really.”
Whether he meant it or not, it did soothe her a little bit.
After a few minutes, he said, “I’m sorry for the way I talked to you. Will you forgive me?”
“You were a pretty big asshole,” she said.
He squeezed her tightly. “I was, Rayna, you’re right. I think . . . I think I was more hurt than anything because I like you.”
She turned her head and looked up at him. They stared at each other for a beat, and then she whispered, “I like you, too.”
He grinned. “The last few days have been some of the best in my life, Rayna, and it’s because of you. The thought of you breaking the trust I’d given you . . . well, it just fucking hurt. I’d given my trust to my country, to my government, and they broke it. I couldn’t handle it if you did the same.”
She stared into his dark eyes and studied his chiseled features. “I would never intentionally hurt you, Brody,” she whispered.
He leaned down and gently kissed her, pulling away before things got too heated, much to her displeasure. Right now she could definitely use a distraction, and couldn’t imagine a better one than sex with Brody.
“As much as I’d like to continue that kiss, we’ve got work to do,” Brody said, kissing her forehead.
He lifted the seat bench and Rayna was shocked to see the arsenal it held: AK47’s, Glocks, rifles . . . it seemed to have every weapon one could want to start a small war.
“Help me check these,” Brody said, handing her a rifle. 
They worked in silence for a few minutes, and then Rayna asked, “Brody? Did you walk away from that explosion with a supernatural power?”
He stopped what he was doing, sighed, and then nodded.
“What is it?” she asked.
Brody stood and brushed his knuckle down her cheek.  After a moment, he said, “I promise you that I will do whatever it takes to protect the people on this boat. I will eviscerate anyone who tried to hurt you, your sister, or any member of this crew.”
Rayna didn’t doubt his words. “How? Is that part of your supernatural power? How will you do it?”
Brody kneeled again and took a pistol out of the stash. He pulled back the barrel, and snapped it into place. “I think you’re going to find out soon enough,” he murmured, not meeting her gaze.
Rayna stared at him a beat.. On his knees before her he seemed like a normal man, but she reminded herself, according the reports she had read, he was anything but normal.
The thought both excited and frightened her.

Chapter 41
Brody gazed out over the ocean, feeling a little stir crazy and very tired. He didn’t like being trapped on the boat all day waiting for something to happen.
Thankfully, nothing had, but still, it was exhausting.
He looked out into the inky night hoping the silence would continue. He decided the crew would patrol in two-hour shifts throughout the night. Katie was on first, and then Heidi, Jason and Danny would follow. He would take care of the pre-dawn hours. After looking over the control panel one more time, Brody stretched out on the bench.
He’d been able to reach Joe Smith earlier in the day and told him about the situation. Joe wasn’t happy, and said he would immediately get in touch with the client and inform him of his daughter’s half-truths. He also said he would arrange for a pick-up in the early morning of everyone on board if the boat wasn’t in working order. Jason said the pump was almost fixed, and he would complete the repairs before dawn. For now, they were sitting ducks, but at least they were armed and holed-up in a floating bulletproof fortress.
Rayna had filled him in on how her father had set up her and her mother in the U.S. and subsequently, she was able to land a job at the CIA. The coincidence of her father owning the warehouse that had exploded and changed his life still baffled him. He’d love to know if the U.S. government worked with the Cartel to set up the accident, or if the government had “borrowed” the warehouse without their knowledge. Rayna said she doubted they’d ever know.
Margarita had spent the day in her room, which was probably best. She’d most likely just be in the way.
He heard soft footsteps on the stairs and sat up. Rayna came into the Bridge.
“Hi,” she whispered.
“Hey,” Brody mumbled. “Come on in and have a seat.”
He still felt horrible for the way he had spoken to her earlier, and had apologized many times throughout the day. She eventually told him to shut up and get over it, so he was trying.
She sat down next to him and laid her head on his shoulder, taking his hand in hers. He looked down at their intertwined fingers and leaned his head on top of hers. It felt so right to be with her; to sit in the inky darkness and quiet surroundings comforted him. The silence could have been eerie as they literally waited for something to happen, but with Rayna by his side, it soothed him.
“I’m really sorry about this, Brody,” she whispered.
Brody nodded. “What was it that you told me earlier? ‘Shut up and get over it’, I believe were the exact words.
Rayna chuckled. “Okay, fair enough.”
They sat in silence for a few moments, and Brody decided he needed to tell her exactly how he felt about her. If shit went south tonight and he ended up dead, he wanted her to know.
“I meant what I said earlier about really liking you, Rayna,” he whispered.
She squeezed his hand. “Me, too,” she said. “I mean, I care about you as well.”
She had said it once, but he still liked hearing it again. What he didn’t know was what they were going to do about it.
“I don’t know what to do with those feelings though, Brody,” she said, her words mirroring his thoughts. “Once this is over, I can’t stay here, and frankly, I don’t know if I want to. I have a life back in Virginia, a life I’ve worked very hard to build.”
He nodded. He’d never be able to step foot back on the mainland. His life was now in the Virgin Islands, on this boat he loved. Besides, he had an important job to do, and was at sea most of the time. What kind of life would that be like for her if she did stay? She’d see him every few weeks or so. He didn’t like the sound of that for either of them.
“I know,” he whispered. “I just wanted you to know that I do care about you quite a bit, and I’ve really enjoyed my time with you. I’ll never be able to snorkel again without thinking about you,” he said, wrapping his arm around her, and then tickling her ribs. “You’ve totally fucking ruined that for me.”
She squirmed and giggled until Brody quit, and then she settled back against him.
“I’m worried about tonight,” she whispered into the darkness. “What if—“
“Nope. Can’t talk about it on the Bridge, Rayna. That’s a rule.”
She turned to him, confused. “What do you mean?”
“We don’t talk about anything bad on the Bridge. Nothing from the past, or anything negative that “might” happen. It brings bad juju to the boat, and we don’t need anymore of that.”
Rayna smiled. “Where did that rule come from?” she asked.
“It was my father’s rule for his fishing boat, and I adopted it.”
“What other directives did your father have?”
Brody shrugged. “You don’t chase away the sea birds because they are the souls of fallen sailors. You also never whistle on the Bridge.”
“Why not?”
“It’s just a rule he had. I never questioned it.”
“That’s a beautiful theory on the sea birds,” Rayna murmured.
“Yeah, it is,” Brody whispered, lifting her hand and kissing it.
The silence around them was tense, but Brody felt as if he and Rayna were trapped in a bubble of contentment. He may have a law about not saying anything negative on the Bridge, but he was scared. Not for himself, but if anything happened to Rayna, it would be a blow he didn’t know if he could recover from. He sent up a silent prayer that the night remained quiet and their attackers did not show up again.
After a long while, Rayna said, “I should go back downstairs.”
Reluctantly, he removed his arm from her shoulders. The plan was for Rayna to stay downstairs and make sure Margarita was safe at all times. 
“Yeah, you probably should,” he said, hearing the regret in his voice.
Rayna stood and headed for the door. She stopped and turned. “Goodnight, Brody,” she said.
Her mussed hair framed her pretty face, and her grey eyes glittered in the light from the control console. The black tank-top she wore hugged her chest, and the Batman boxers were cute as hell on her. Brody’s heart squeezed as she smiled at him.
“Goodnight,” he said.
He listened as she made her way down the staircase, and then Brody lay down on the bench, knowing he should be trying to rest.

Chapter 42
Rayna sat up in bed, unsure of what she had heard. She’d been sound asleep, but a noise woke her. Her heart pounded as she broke out into a light sweat.
She waited a moment, and then heard the noise again. It sounded like a muffled scream, and Rayna scrambled out of bed and grabbed her gun off the dresser. Pressing her ear against the door, she heard it again, and realized it was coming from Margarita’s room.
Rayna quietly opened the door and stepped into the small hallway. She glanced up at the camera and motioned for Brody to come down while pointing her gun at Margarita’s door.
She hoped he wasn’t sleeping and saw her.
The muffled scream came again, and then a low voice. Rayna had hoped Margarita was having a nightmare, but there was definitely someone in there with her.
Reaching out, she grasped the door handle, took a deep breath and calmed herself. Whether she liked it or not, this was the moment all her training was going to pay off. It was too bad it involved her sister.
She slowly opened the door and took in the scene in front of her. Margarita and another person were rolling around on the bed, and it looked as if Margarita was trying to fight them off.
“Get off her,” Rayna said, her voice deadly calm.
The intruder looked up at her just as Rayna flipped on the overhead light, and shock rolled through her as she recognized Heidi.
Margarita squirmed and kicked, but Heidi hauled her off to the other side of the bed, using her as a human shield, pressing the gun to Margarita’s temple.
“Get out of the way, bitch,” Heidi hissed.
“And just where do you think you’re going?” Rayna asked, holding the gun on the other side of the doorway and leaning against the doorjamb. She hoped she looked calm and collected, like she ran into someone holding a gun to her sister’s head all the time. In reality, panic and fear gripped her heart, coiled in her stomach, and restricted her throat while sweat trailed down her spine.
“I’m taking her, and I’m getting off this damn yacht,” Heidi said.
In the distance, Rayna heard the distinct hum of an approaching boat.
“Why would you do that?” Rayna asked as her heart thudded in her chest. Margarita gazed at her with terror, her eyes looking as though they may pop out of her head as Heidi held a hand over her mouth.
Heidi laughed. “Money, you stupid bitch.”
Rayna knew she had to keep Heidi talking until the sound of the boat woke the others. Then Rayna wondered if Heidi had killed everyone else on the boat, and her stomach clenched again and tears threatened to drop. Pushing away the thought, she concentrated on the task at hand: keeping her sister alive and on this boat.  Finding out what Heidi was up to would be a bonus.
The more she talked to Heidi, the more relaxed Heidi would become. Well, that’s what they told her in training. She’d never been on an actual field assignment, so she really didn’t know.
“Who’s paying you, Heidi?” she asked, moving into the room lacing her hands behind her, hiding her gun. “How much are you getting?”
Heidi chuckled. “More than enough.”
“Who’s writing the check?”
“The Cartel, of course,” Heidi growled.
“And how exactly did you get in touch with them?” Rayna asked, moving farther into the room, taking a quick glance around. If Heidi decided she’d had enough talking, Rayna would have to move quickly so she didn’t get shot. There wasn’t anywhere for her go except back out into the hallway, and she hoped if Heidi did decide to shoot, her aim would be off.
“It was easy. I just looked up Margarita on Facebook, went through her friends and comments until I found her ex-boyfriend. I sent him a message, and he was very happy to hear from me.”
Rayna marveled at the simplicity of Heidi’s plan, and decided she hated social media more than ever. Never in a million years would she have guessed that one of the crew would turn on their own.
“Well, here’s what I think,” Rayna began. “I think that—”
“Stop talking, Ms. CIA. I’m leaving, and you’re dying.”
Rayna smiled. “Do you really think you’re going to get off this boat?”
Margarita shook her head as tears streamed down her face.
“I am getting off this boat,” Heidi sneered, her pretty face looking positively evil.
The next moments seemed to last a lifetime. Heidi raised her gun at Rayna, and Margarita screamed, a sound Rayna couldn’t hear. The only thing that registered was the beating of her own heart.
Rayna pulled her gun from behind her and aimed at Heidi’s head, the only part of her body that wasn’t blocked by Margarita’s.
Heidi fired, and Rayna felt the excruciating burn as the bullet grazed her shoulder, but ignored it. She pulled the trigger, never for a moment doubting her aim.  The smell of gunpowder wafted around the room, and Heidi slumped to the floor while Margarita scrambled to get away from her. Rayna walked to the other side of the bed and pointed her gun at Heidi. Blood oozed from the wound in her forehead, her dead, blue eyes staring upward.
Rayna turned to her sister, who looked at her in horror, her mouth gaping. After a few seconds, Margarita’s screams registered as she glanced from Rayna back to Heidi.
“Hey,” Rayna whispered as her hands began to shake, “It’s okay. You need to relax a little bit.”
Rayna could see calming Margarita wasn’t going to be an easy task. Margarita had jammed herself into the corner between the wall and nightstand and continued to screech at the top of her lungs as she gazed in horror between Heidi and her sister. 
Rayna grabbed her hand and jumped on the bed, pulling her sister with her so Margarita wouldn’t have to step over Heidi to get out of the room. Rayna then hopped off the other side and pushed Margarita out the door.
Rayna realized she no longer heard the boats, but she didn’t know if it was because they had arrived or she was partially deaf from the gunshot. Margarita sobbed next to her, tears and snot running down her face, shaking as if she didn’t have a bone in her body. 
Hearing footsteps above them, Rayna shoved Margarita into her stateroom and slammed the door. She aimed her gun toward the stairs and waited.

Chapter 43
The sound of approaching boats woke Brody, and he ran to the Main Salon. The unmistakable pop of a gunshot from downstairs almost paralyzed him with fear.
“Rayna!” he yelled, running for the stairs.
He bounded down them, the smell of gunpowder curling the air, and was both surprised and relieved when Rayna stood in the small hallway, blood dripping down her arm. She pointed her weapon directly at him, bringing him to an immediate halt. 
“Don’t shoot, Rayna,” he said, trying to keep his voice calm. “It’s me.”
After a moment, she nodded as she lowered her gun. Her hands shook and tears welled in her eyes.
“What happened?” he asked, looking at her wound.
Rayna glanced at the closed door to Margarita’s room, and Brody could hear muffled sobs coming from Rayna’s cabin.
“Heidi,” Rayna whispered. “I-I . . . she wanted money . . . ”
“What?” Brody asked, not understanding. He pushed open the door and immediately saw the crimson stain on the far wall, the coppery stench of blood overwhelming the smell of gunpowder. He walked over and looked down at Heidi’s body.
“Jesus,” he muttered, turning back to Rayna, who stood in the doorway.
“What happened?” he demanded. When she said nothing and her gaze focused on the bloodstain, he yelled, “Focus, Rayna, and tell me what went down here!”
Slowly, she turned and looked at him. Squaring her shoulders, she said in a clipped tone, “I heard muffled sounds coming from this room. I opened the door and Heidi had Margarita. She said she was going to turn Margarita over to the Cartel for money.”
“How did she—”
“Facebook,” Rayna interrupted. “She found the picture, scrolled through her friends and found Miguel DiMarco’s name and messaged him.”
Brody ran his fingers through his hair. “Fucking hell,” he whispered. “Heidi was a bitch, but I never in a million years thought she’d pull something like this.”
Brody glanced over at Rayna. She trembled and tears threatened to fall again, but she was trying to hold it together. Brody realized she must be in shock. “You need to stay strong, Rayna,” he said, laying his hand on her good shoulder. “Let me take a look at your arm.”
After a cursory glance, he could see it was a flesh wound and not life threatening. She may need a couple of stiches, but that was going to have to wait. He put his finger under her chin and lifted her face. Their gazes locked, and the fear he saw in them pained him, but it also angered him. He wanted to put another bullet in Heidi for what she’d done.
“You lose it later, okay Ray?” he murmured. “Right now, I need you firing on all cylinders. Can you do that for me?”
Rayna searched his face a moment, and Brody wondered if she’d even heard him. Finally she took a deep breath and nodded.
“Let’s go,” Brody said, worried he couldn’t hear the boats any longer. If they had boarded, it was going to be a bloodbath.
“They’re here!” Jason called down the stairs, and Brody heard the first round of gunfire.

Chapter 44
Rayna followed Brody up the stairs, her focus back, her fear pushed aside. Jason, Katie and Danny had opened the windows an inch or two and were firing at two boats approaching off the back deck. The assailants realized they were under attack and returned fire. When it became apparent their bullets weren’t penetrating the glass, they started their boats up and began to take off.
Brody marched over to the glass doors and out to the back deck, his hands in fists at his sides.  Rayna followed, having trouble keeping her balance as the boat rocked. Jason, Katie and Danny were behind her.
“You don’t fuck with my boat!” he screamed as the wind whipped through his hair. The humid air hung heavily, and Rayna remembered Brody had said they were supposed to get another storm. She glanced up at the sky only to see darkness, the clouds hiding the moon. Brody stood in the middle of the deck, his back to her with his arms stretched out to his sides. Slowly, he lifted them to the heavens.
The boat rocked and tipped, tossing Rayna to the side. She gripped the stair’s hand railing with her left hand, white-hot pain radiating throughout her body as the boat lurched and her wounded shoulder hit the stairs. The chairs on the deck moved right and left, and a couple of them eventually went overboard. Sinking to the deck, she glanced over at the other crewmembers. They too were being thrown around, and struggled to get a grip on something to stabilize themselves. The only one who seemed to have firm footing was Brody.
“Brody!” she screamed as seawater sloshed onto the deck.
He didn’t answer, but continued to raise his arms. The sea around the boat raged with whitecaps as it slapped against the hull, and Rayna choked as more saltwater splashed in her face. She had no idea what was going on, but she did consider that the boat very well may capsize and she was going to die.
Ocean funnels formed on each side of the yacht, growing by the second as they sprayed seawater all over the deck. Rayna tried to shield her eyes with her hand as the funnels rocketed upward. She gauged they were around twenty-five feet high. Brody lowered his arms so they were horizontal again. The water tornadoes stood beside the boat, as if they were waiting for a command. It was then Rayna realized Brody was responsible for it all.
He pushed his arms forward with a primal scream, and the funnels took off chasing the boats that were about 100 yards away. Horrified and fascinated, Rayna stood and watched as each funnel caught its target. Brody then once again put his arms horizontal, as if he were keeping the tornadoes over the boats. The screams from the men on the boat only lasted seconds until they were overcome by Brody’s creations. A few minutes passed, and Brody dropped his arms.
The sea calmed almost instantly, an eerie silence blanketing them. After a moment, Rayna heard the chattering of dolphins off the side. She glanced over the railing at them. They jumped and trilled, as if they were congratulating Brody on a job well done.
Rayna looked out to where the two boats should have been, and couldn’t see anything. Although it was dark, she expected to see some sort of outline of wreckage, but there was nothing. It was as if the ocean had swallowed the boats and people and taken them within its belly, claiming them as its own.
“What the hell was that?” Danny asked no one in particular.
“Jason, Danny, wrap up Heidi’s body and leave it in the room,” Brody ordered. “I’ll explain later what exactly happened. Right now I need to call Joe and see what to do with the body and update him on what just happened. After you’re done downstairs, all three of you get me a damage report.”
“Oh my God,” Rayna whispered when Brody looked over at her.
“I’m pretty sure He’s got nothing to do with this,” Brody said as he walked back into the Main Salon. 

Chapter 45
Brody sat in the Bridge talking to Joe Smith, letting him know the crew was now fully aware of his capabilities, as was Rayna.
“She might be a problem,” Joe said. “I’m going to have to make sure she’s followed and all correspondence is monitored.”
“I don’t think it will be an issue,” Brody said, hearing footsteps on the stairs, “but I appreciate you looking out for me.”
“Before this Cartel can send in another crew, I want you to head to St. Maarten Marina and dock there. No sense going back to St. Thomas. I’ll send someone to meet you at the dock and deal with Heidi’s remains.”
“You got it,” Brody said as he turned to see Rayna standing in the doorway, a large white bandage on her shoulder. He was glad to see she’d received medical care, although he’d wanted to be the one to give it to her.
He wasn’t sure how he felt about this confrontation. Yes, he’d just saved all their lives, but he’d done it in a way that no one had ever seen, and most likely wouldn’t see again. He didn’t want her to think badly of him for doing what he did, or because of his supernatural power that he unwittingly received.
“Anything else you need, Brody?” Joe asked.
“No. I think we’re okay now,” Brody murmured, his gaze never leaving Rayna. She stared at him, confusion and fascination written all over her face.
“Well, done, Brody. I knew you were perfect for my company,” Joe said.
“Thanks, Joe.”
“Safe travels, Brody,” Joe said, ending their call.
Setting down the phone, Brody asked, “How’s your arm?”
She looked at the bandage and shrugged. “It’s okay. It hurts, but I’ll live.”
They stared at each other for a beat, and then Brody said, “So now you know.”
She nodded. “Yes, I guess I do.”
She leaned against the doorway, her gun still in her hand.
“You have control over the ocean,” she said. “And the dolphins, they’re part of it.”
He nodded, not bothering to deny what she said.
“It’s like there’s a . . . ” her voice trailing off as if she were looking for the right word.
“Connection,” he said. “I have a deep connection with the sea.”
She stepped into the room and sat on the bench. “Tell me more.”
He sighed and rubbed his forehead. “Are you sure you want to know it all?” 
“Yes.”
He explained that if he was away from the ocean for any length of time past four hours, he began to have respiratory distress. “I can’t breath, my chest gets tight, and I think I’m going to die.”
“Like a bad asthma attack,” she murmured.
He nodded. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“What about the dolphins?” she asked, “What’s their role in this?”
“I don’t know,” he said with a shrug. “They’re just . . . there.”
“From what I’ve seen, it’s like they act as your friends, or at the very least, your cheerleading squad.”
He chuckled and nodded. “That’s a good way to put it.”
Rayna stood, shaking her head. As she approached him and slipped her arms around his waist, the tension and his fear left his body.  
“That is simply . . . amazing,” she said smiling up at him. “I’m in awe.”
“Really?  Because most of the time, I feel like a fucking freak.”
“No, you’re not. It’s an amazing, unique gift, Brody. It’s mind-blowing.”
Brody wrapped his arms around her and kissed the tip of her nose. There was someone on this earth who knew everything about him and didn’t run screaming away from him, or put a gun to his head. It felt good to have his secret out and not be ashamed or afraid.
“So, it’s mind-blowing, huh?” he asked.
She nodded.
“Maybe a little bit sexy, as well?”
She grinned. “Mr. Teller, if you were to get any more sexy, I may never want to get dressed again.”
He kissed her deeply and thought about all the fun they’d had on the bench in the Bridge, but then remembered they needed to get the hell out of here.
“I’ll tell you what,” he said. “You think about how I can get sexier, because I would be the happiest man on Earth if you never put on another stitch of clothing again. In the meantime, we’ve got work to do.”
Rayna stepped away from him and smiled. “Yes, sir, Captain.” 

Chapter 46
Brody finished docking By Sea and watched as the crew tied the boat to the bollards. Jason gave him the thumbs up, assuring Brody that all was secure.
Another voyage complete. He hoped his next excursion on By Sea wasn’t as exciting as this one.
He walked into the Main Salon where Margarita sat on one couch, and Rayna sat on the other. Both stared out into space.
“We’re here,” Brody said, his heart aching. He was glad they were out of danger, but detested saying goodbye to Rayna. There simply wasn’t another option, though. Margarita he could do without. He didn’t handle narcissism very well.
Rayna glanced up at him and gave him a sad smile. At least he wasn’t the only one who wasn’t happy.
“Let me help you with that,” he murmured as he lifted her duffel bag. Jason came in and took Margarita’s suitcases, and she followed him off the boat to the golf cart waiting to take them up to the car that would deliver them to the airport. Joe’s plane was waiting.
“I don’t know what to say,” Rayna murmured, as she looked up at him.
Brody caressed her soft cheek as he studied her face. He wanted to commit every inch of it to memory. “There’s not much to say,” Brody said.
Rayna nodded. “Please take care of yourself, okay?” she whispered.
“You do the same,” Brody said, putting his arm around her and pulling her close to him. She laid her head on his chest and wrapped her arms around his waist. 
He didn’t know what came next. “Keep in touch” seemed a little ridiculous. He would never step foot on the mainland again, and it wasn’t as if she was going to vacation in the Virgin Islands on a monthly basis. Maybe they’d be lucky and see each other a couple of times a year. It wasn’t enough for him, but if that were the case, he’d take what he could get.
“If you ever decided to come back down here, will you let me know?” he asked.
“How do I do that?”
Good question. It wasn’t as if she could pick up the phone and call. He couldn’t put her in the position of knowing how to get in touch with him. If the government somehow ever put the pieces together that they knew each other, they wouldn’t stop hassling her until they got what they wanted: his hide.
“I don’t know,” he said kissing the top of her head.
“Maybe we need to get Facebook accounts,” Rayna murmured into his chest.
Brody chuckled. Social media wasn’t for him, especially if he didn’t want to be found. “I think that’s the last thing either one of us needs.”
“Agreed,” she said. “I was kidding.”
“I know.”
He tipped her chin up, and kissed her, never wanting to forget the softness of her lips, the warmth of her mouth, or the gentle caresses of her silken tongue. 
“You better go,” he whispered, and she nodded, slipping on her sunglasses.
They walked off the yacht, and Brody loaded her bag into the golf cart. His chest hurt as she climbed in, the breeze picking up her green sundress and giving him a flash of thigh. He sighed as he tapped the roof, and the driver sped off. As she disappeared down the dock, she glanced over her shoulder once and gave him a small wave, but didn’t look back again.
“That was an interesting trip,” Jason said, standing next to him.
“Yes, it was,” Brody murmured as the cart took the final turn, taking Rayna and Margarita out of his sight.
“So, uh, the guy for the you-know-what downstairs is on his way,” Jason said.
Brody sighed. There wasn’t going to be time to pine for Rayna. They had another client in a week’s time—a Senator who was being blackmailed—and after the body was removed, the whole room needed to be gutted and redone.
“Okay,” Brody said. “Let’s get to work.”
They turned and headed back to By Sea. 
“So, did you and Rayna ever—”
“Don’t even go there, Jason,” Brody ordered.
“Okay, well, it sounds like someone’s a little touchy.”
“You have no idea,” Brody said, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his shorts. Even though his heart hurt and he felt like he wanted to go to bed and sleep for a week, he grinned as he realized he still had Rayna’s underwear.

Chapter 47
Rayna sat at her desk staring at the computer screen, not really seeing the words of the report she was supposed to be reading.
She’d been back at work for a week now, and she could only describe herself as depressed, and she was unable to shake it.
Margarita had returned to Mexico to a very upset father. Thankfully, Margarita’s little fling hadn’t resulted in a war between the cartels, and her father had actually sat down with José DiMarco and they agreed on peace. Her father had said that there might be some business deals in the future, but didn’t clue her in on what those might be.
Before Rayna left for the Virgin Islands, she was certain that she wanted to be part of the CIA. Now, as she remembered Brody, the boat and the rest of the crew, a nasty taste settled in her mouth each time she set foot in the building. Oddly enough, she didn’t have any guilt about killing Heidi, either. She’d done exactly what her father had asked of her: she protected her sister. Perhaps she had more of her father in her than she realized.
Glancing at the clock, she noticed she’d been staring at her computer screen for an hour. She never used to leave before six, but she stood, grabbed her coat, and headed for the door even though it was only 4:30 p.m.
The winter air bit at her face. How she longed to be back in the tropical waters of the Virgin Islands. Yes, it was beautiful, and she missed Brody more than she ever imagined she would, but being in the Caribbean brought out a new side of her that she wasn’t very familiar with, a side she liked. Down there, away from the suits, the traffic, her desire to climb the ladder, and her empty condo, she felt relaxed and comfortable. Actually, it was more than that: she felt alive, like she was exactly where she was supposed to be.
After an hour of traffic, she pulled into the garage and shut the door, her mood beyond vile. Tears stung her eyes as she imagined Brody’s arms around her, and she slammed the car door. For a few days, she’d been really happy. She hadn’t been trapped behind a desk reading endless reports; she’d been in motion, always on the go. 
All her life she had tried to live the straight and narrow as her father wanted her to do, but she had found herself most comfortable in the shadows, and that bothered her. If she wanted excitement and intrigue, as she had experienced on the boat, maybe she should just head down to Mexico and work for her father.
After shutting off the alarm, she set down her bag on the counter, opened the refrigerator door and pulled out a bottle of Chardonnay. She poured a large glass, then sat down on the couch and looked out the sliding glass door at her small, bare patio she never used.
She missed Brody—there wasn’t any doubt about it. He was the first thing she thought of when she woke, and his face haunted her dreams. Even if she wanted to reach out to him, she didn’t know how. Shutting her eyes, she relived their gentle caresses, the kisses, the moments she saw his supernatural ability up close.
And again, she couldn’t help but feel that Brody belonged in her life. Being with him allowed her freedom, as there were no secrets between them. He knew hers, and she was aware of his. Never had she told another being who her father was or what he did. They were open books to each other.
She downed the wine and walked to the kitchen to get more. The tears tracked down her cheeks, and one spilled in her glass as she poured.
“Ms. Lopez, may I have a minute of your time?”
Rayna spun around, her heart pounding. A man in a wheelchair was in the space between the kitchen and couch, another man in a tracksuit standing to his left.
“Who are you?” she asked, reaching for the gun on top of the cupboard. 
The man in the wheelchair smiled. “I’m not here to hurt you, Ms. Lopez. I’m a friend of Brody’s. My name’s Joe Smith.”
“How did you get in here?” she asked. The gun was gone.
“I have my ways, Ms. Lopez. I removed some of the more obvious weapons,” Joe said. “I hope you don’t mind, but I wanted to ensure my own safety. I haven’t revealed myself to you since you’ve been home because I wanted to make sure you weren’t expecting anyone in the near future. All I ask for is five minutes of your time.”
“How did you get in with the alarm on? What do you want?” she asked.
“Like I said, I’m a friend of Brody’s. Actually, Brody works for me,” he said, bypassing her questions.
Rayna’s heart pounded, but curiosity overrode her fear, and she stared at him. Then recognition set in: it was the man she’d seen talking to Brody that first time she’d met him in Corpus Christi.
“I’m sorry your voyage on By Sea ended so horribly, although I do appreciate you keeping the rest of the crew safe from Heidi.”
So this guy knew she killed someone, and now she was frightened again. Would he haul her in for murder? Her breathing quickened and sweat trickled down her back.
“I see that upsets you,” Joe said. “That wasn’t my intention, Ms. Lopez. I’m sorry.”
Rayna stared at Joe and his lap dog. Who were these people, and why was he talking about Brody? Whatever was going on, she was in no condition to deal with it. She needed these people gone. “I want you out of my house!” she yelled.
“Even if Brody sent me?” he asked.
“Get out! Now!” she screamed, and reached behind the coffee maker, pulling the gun strapped to the back. She leveled it at them, her hand steady. “I said now,” she hissed. “Get out of my house.”
“You should have caught that one, Thomas,” Joe murmured, and Thomas grunted as he stepped in front of Joe.
“Ms. Lopez, please. If you will just give me five minutes of your time, I believe I have a proposition for you that is a win-win for both of us.”
Rayna didn’t answer.
“Thomas, please move out of the way,” Joe said, looking around the man. Thomas stepped aside and Joe met her gaze again.
“Five minutes, Ms. Lopez. If I’m not gone in six minutes, I give you permission to shoot me. I think you’ll be very interested in what I have to say.”
He knew Brody, and he hadn’t said anything about arresting her for killing Heidi. In fact, he had thanked her.
Curiosity won, and she brought the gun back down to her side. “Five minutes,” she said. “Then I will start shooting.”
“I have no doubt,” Joe said with a smile. “Now, here’s my proposition to you.”

Chapter 48
“Goodbye, Senator,” Brody said with a smile, although what he really wanted to do was punch the guy in the veneers.
He hated politicians, and decided this one was almost as bad as Margarita with his narcissistic personality and barely-contained ego.
“Thanks for everything, Captain,” the Senator said. “I appreciate it.”
Brody turned as the man sat down in the golf cart. The Senator had been blackmailed by a woman who had pictures of the Senator tied to a bed, naked and blindfolded. A man and woman stood on each side of him, also naked with black masks on, both carrying tasseled whips. Joe had sent him the picture a couple of days ago, and Brody wished he hadn’t. He hadn’t been able to look the Senator in the eye for very long the rest of the trip.
He’d talked to Joe last night, and they had a few days off. Brody boarded the boat and sat down in the Main Salon, putting his feet up on the coffee table. Leaning back, he closed his eyes and Rayna’s face immediately came to mind.
The week had been difficult at best, and it wasn’t just because of the Senator. He missed Rayna. 
Jason, Danny, and Katie came in, and Brody looked up at them.
“We’re going to take off for a couple of days,” Jason announced.
Brody was about to argue. They should prepare the boat for sailing, but he was so tired and so miserable, maybe he just needed some time alone to try to get himself straightened out. “Okay,” he said. “Today’s Saturday. Why don’t you guys come back here on Monday?”
“I hope you’re in a better mood by then, Brody, or I may take you downstairs and put a bullet in your head myself,” Katie said.
Brody looked at the usually good-natured woman and judging by her stern gaze and sly grin, he couldn’t tell if she was serious or kidding.
“Then we’d have to have the room decorated again,” Jason said.
“Maybe we should just get it done in reds, and then it wouldn’t be an issue,” Katie quipped.
“All right, let’s go, people,” Danny said with a laugh. “Brody, we’ll see you in a couple of days.”
Brody nodded and watched them file out the door. He leaned his head back again and let his thoughts drift. His cock pressed against his zipper as he remembered Rayna’s soft breath against his cheek while they made love in the cave, and he grinned as he recalled her battle with the paddleboard and her amazement as the dolphins introduced themselves to her.
In a nutshell, he was miserable without her, and he didn’t understand how knowing someone for such a short time could result in such strong feelings. Maybe it was because their time together had been so intense. It wasn’t exactly popcorn and a movie; it had been life or death, fun and excitement all rolled into a few short days.
However, he needed to get over that. Standing, he walked across the Salon, stopping at the bar to grab a beer before climbing the stairs to the Bridge. He popped off the top and tossed it toward the garbage, missing by a good foot.
He sat down on the bench and opened his logbook, ready to make notes on the Senators’ voyage.
There was a soft tapping downstairs, and Brody decided to ignore it. Oftentimes when they were docked, people had the audacity to want a tour of the yacht. If he disregarded them, hopefully they’d just go away. He was in no mood to be nice to anyone.
The tapping sounded again, and Brody threw the logbook across the Bridge, watching it land in a heap against the far wall. Grabbing his beer, he headed downstairs, ready to rip whomever it was a new one. He stopped in his tracks as he saw Rayna on the other side of the glass door. Setting down his beer on the dining room table, he rubbed his eyes, certain he was hallucinating.
She smiled tentatively and waved.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, opening the door.
Pushing her sunglasses on top of her head, she said, “It’s nice to see you, too.”
Brody heard the hesitation in her voice. “I’m sorry. I’m-I’m really happy to see you. Come in.”
Rayna stepped in and looked around, her bottom lip between her teeth. She wore a pair of denim shorts and a blue tank top, and looked amazing. However, his physical desire was temporarily doused by the curiosity and worry of why she was here.
“Are you in trouble?” he asked as they sat down on the couch.
Rayna shook her head. “No. Joe came to see me with an offer I couldn’t refuse.”
Brody’s heart thudded in his chest, his confusion at all time high levels. What did Joe want with Rayna?
He gripped her hands in his, the contact sending bolts of energy throughout his body. “What’s that?”
“Well, in a nutshell, he said that since I killed one of his crew members, the boat was down one.”
Brody smiled. That Joe was a crafty fucker. He’d told Brody he was working on a new recruit, but hadn’t given Brody any indication of who it was.
“So, he said the job was mine, if I wanted it. I told him I had to talk to you first, but I didn’t know how to get ahold of you, and he wouldn’t tell me. Instead, he put me on a plane here. I don’t want you to feel like I’m invading your space or anything. If you don’t want me here—”
Brody pounced on her, pushing her down to the couch. He crushed his mouth over hers, his heart racing with absolute happiness. Rayna would be with him always, right next to him.
Rayna broke the kiss and laughed. “I take it that you are okay with Joe’s proposal.”
“I’m so okay with it,” Brody murmured. “I don’t think I’ve ever been more okay with anything in my life.”
He kissed her again, their mouths meeting in slow, languid exploration as she traced her fingers up his arms and threaded her fingers through his hair. Brody’s body lit up, his cock ready to burst through his zipper. The only thing on his mind was getting her out of her damn clothes.
Standing, he pulled her to her feet. “You know, if you’re going to work on this boat, you need to become thoroughly familiar with it.”
Rayna smiled. “Yes, sir, Captain.”
He took her hand and led her to the Main Stateroom. “And the first place I’m going to show you is the shower in the forward cabin. Then there’s a whole list of other places on this boat you need to become intimately acquainted with.”
A few minutes later, Brody’s soapy hands ran down Rayna’s torso and over the swell of her slight hips as water gently sprayed at them from all five faucets. He slowly caressed her legs and squeezed her buttocks, her flesh perfectly filling his hands. 
As they stood under the spray, skin-to-skin, their mouths engaged in unhurried exploration, they heard the chattering of the dolphins outside, and Rayna smiled.
“It sounds like they’re cheering you on,” she whispered.
Brody grinned and lifted Rayna, her legs wrapping around his waist as he sunk deep within her tight core. “Well, I certainly don’t want to let them down,” he murmured.
As he moved within her, Brody knew he had found his place in life. He was with the woman he loved, one he trusted with his secrets. His life was on the ocean, and his home was By Sea. 





Get your free copy HERE


or you may purchase it HERE


Other books by Carly Fall

Operation Underworld
(Paranormal Romance)
When paranormal creatures step out of line, Operation Underworld must step in to intervene … because sometimes regular law enforcement just won’t do.

The Supernatural Renegades Series
(Paranormal / Military Romance)
An explosion deep in the Guatemalan jungle leaves a platoon of marines with supernatural abilities

The Six Saviors Series:
(Paranormal / Sci-Fi Romance)
Six Warriors. One Mission.
Can they eradicate the evil from their world that has landed on Earth?

Saint’s Grove Series:
(Paranormal Romance)
When the residents of Saint’s Grove turn out to witness an once in a lifetimes astronomical event, little do they know that the seams of the universe will burst open, bringing paranormal beings from their worst nightmares, and best fantasies, to their sleepy town.

Contemporary Romance
Looking for a read that doesn’t involve paranormal beings? Check out my contemporary romance section!

About the Author:
Carly Fall is a wife, a mother and a slave to the dog, Nicky.
She loves to laugh, thinks chocolate and wine should be considered their own food group, and wishes Christmas happened twice a year.
She is the author of the award winning and Amazon best selling series, the Six Saviors, as well as paranormal and contemporary romance.
To connect with Carly:
CarlyFall.com
Newsletter 
Facebook

